little women written by greta gerwig base on the novel by louisa May alcott I have have lot of trouble , so I write jolly tale . - louisa May alcott ii. iii . note : where there be simultaneous or quick dialogue in the script , there be a slash in the middle of the speaker 's dialogue , represent where the next actor should begin . the follow actor 's line will be start with a slash to indicate that it be interrupt another line . when the text be in red , it indicate that it be the past timeline , which begin in Winter of 1861 . when the text be in black , it indicate that it be the present timeline , which begin in fall of 1868 . both timeline move forward from they origin point . int . new york . publishing office . 1868 . jo MARCH , we heroine , hesitates . in the half - light of a dim hallway , she exhales and prepare , she head bow like a boxer about to go into the ring . she put she hand on the doorknob . a pause , and then , she open it onto a disorderly room . it be full of man . some sit with they foot up on the desk , higher than they hat , which they do not remove for she . they smoke and read , hardly notice that she have walk in . jo walk through the desk , look for one in particular . jo ( clear she throat ) Excuse I . mr . dashwood ( the oldest , smokiest gentleman ) look at she . jo ( cont 'd ) I be look for the weekly volcano office ... I wish to see Mr. dashwood ? Mr. dashwood stare silently . jo ( cont 'd ) ( nervous , present page ) a friend of mine desire I to offer a story , by she , she write it - she have be glad to write more if this suit . he stand and extend he rough , large hand . she give he the manuscript . mr . dashwood ( turn the page over ) not a first attempt , I take it ? jo no , sir ; she have sell to '' Olympic '' and '' scandal '' and get a prize for a tale in the '' blarney Stone Banner . '' mr . dashwood a prize ? jo ( weakly ) yes . he now take in jo 's appearance and she mend clothes . mr . dashwood sit. jo sit , hand fold , try to cover the ink stain . Mr. dashwood read she story with a pen in hand , gleefully crossing out and make note , change . every time he pen scratch , jo feel she heart break . she 's on the verge of tear when : mr . dashwood ( cont 'd ) we will take this . jo ( look up ) you will ? mr . dashwood with alteration . it 's too long . she nod and he hand it back to she , page after page with she work cross out . she examine it . jo you have cut - I take care to have a few of my sinner repent . mr . dashwood the country just go through a war . people want to be amused , not preach at . moral do not sell nowadays . ( pointedly ) perhaps mention that to you '' friend . '' jo look again at she completely alter story . jo what do you - that be , what compensation — mr . dashwood we pay twenty - five to thirty for thing of this sort . we will pay twenty for that . jo ( money over art ) you can have it . make the edit . jo hand over the story , Mr. dashwood hand over the money , business do . jo ( cont 'd ) ( then ) should I tell my , my friend that you will take another if she have one better than this ? mr . dashwood we will look at it . tell she to make it short and spicy . and if the main character 's a girl make sure she 's marry by the end . ( casually ) or dead , either way . jo Excuse I ? but he 's on to the next bit of business . mr . dashwood what name would she like put to the story ? jo oh , yes - none at all if you please . he consider she . mr . dashwood just as she like , of course . jo good morning , sir . good day . ext . new york CITY . day . continuous . 1868 . the street of New York . after the Civil War and at the brink of the industrial Revolution . it be a city in the middle of become , the 20th century on the horizon . horse , trolley , young , old , black , white , immigrant , return soldier , factory worker , wealthy industrialist , fashionable woman and poor mother all crowd the street . we find jo ( also become ) sprinting down the street with utter joy . she have pull up she skirt and be run full steam . not lady - run , flat - out running . for the joy of it . little women ext . / int . boarding house . NYC . day . 1868 . jo read and walk at the same time , bound two - at - a - time up the step of a large brownstone board house . she stoops to pick up a cat who sun herself on the step . jo ( to the cat ) my Beth would like you very much . as jo walk through the house , into the draw room , she let the cat down , and go straight to the fireplace . she stand with she back to it , to warm herself , and produce a small notebook and begin to write . she be so engross with she write that she do not hear the boisterous group of college student and professor , man and a few woman , when they descend upon the room . she just keep write , until : friedrich ( 0.s. ) good afternoon , miss March . jo look up from she notebook to see friedrich bhaer look down at she . he speak with a french accent , and , like all european , seem to know something that we Americans do not : jo ( she straighten up ) good afternoon , Professor . friedrich you be on fire . jo thank you . friedrich ( suddenly animated ) you be on fire ! jo suddenly notice that the back of she dress have catch on fire . in a panic , another woman of the group help she and the dress be put out . disaster be avoid , although not humiliation . friedrich ( laugh ) I have the same habit , you see ? 5 . he show she scorch mark on he jacket . jo be about to laugh when , mrs . kirke , the landlady , bustles into the room : mrs . kirke Kitty and minny be wait ! jo look up the stair to see the two little girl prancing . jo my student need I . friedrich always work . jo ( joke-dramatically ) money be the end and aim of my mercenary existence . friedrich no one get ink stain like yours just out of a desire for money . jo feel the intense pleasure and pain of be see by someone , of know that they know you . jo ( embarrassed , retreate ) well my sister Amy be in Paris , and until she marries someone obscenely wealthy , it 's up to I to keep the family afloat . Goodbye . friedrich ( stare up after she ) Goodbye . ext . FRANCE . paris . day . 1868 . amy MARCH , a angelic 20 - year- old with golden curl , be painting a stage scene , along with a few other young artist . it be a classic scene of two young man and a young woman at a picnic , and Amy be rendering it realistically , imitate the 18th & 19th century painter she love . she look at the painting of the young man next to she . he be do something radically different - the paint be obvious , the color be bright and un- life-like , space be flatten . it be not mean to be realistic : it be the beginning of modernism . she look back at she own piece and realize that she might have miss the moment that she come here to master . 6 . perhaps she 's already pass before she time . she continue work , troubled . ext . paris promenade . day . 1868 . Amy ride in a open air carriage with aunt MARCH , read a letter from home . everyone in Paris be out . aunt March be only happy when she 's complain , and she 's in excellent form this morning . it be the place to see and be see and Amy March be do both excellently . aunt MARCH the decadent have ruin Paris , if you ask I . this french woman could not lift a hairbrush . no response from Amy . aunt MARCH ( cont 'd ) amy ! I say , '' this french woman could not lift a hairbrush . '' amy oh yes ! very true , aunt March . aunt MARCH do not humor I , girl . what do they write , you troublemake family ? amy mother do not say anything about Beth . I feel I should go back but they all say '' stay . '' aunt MARCH you can do nothing if you go back . the girl be sick , not lonely . Amy give she a hard look . aunt MARCH ( cont 'd ) and you should not go home until you and Fred Vaughn be properly engage . Amy blushes and put the letter away . amy yes , and until I have complete all of my painting lesson , of course . aunt March look at she , momentarily confuse . aunt MARCH what ? oh , yes , yes . of course . Amy look at all the passer - by . she see a somber young man , tall and dark and look down as he walk . suddenly ! amy stop the carriage ! laurie ! laurie ! abandon she primness , she launch out of the carriage and run , nearly knock people over . this be Theodore laurence , laurie , a 26 - year - old without a sense of direction , like most 26 - year-old . they hug joyously and un - self - consciously : laurie amy amy ! you be so / grow up ! / you write you would come to the hotel ! laurie amy I look for you and could not / you do not look hard enough ! find / you anywhere ! laurie amy maybe I just do not recognize ( make a face ) you , you have become so / please do not . beaut / iful . laurie I think you like that sort of thing ! amy no . where 's you grandfather ? laurie amy still in Germany . I be on my ( teasing he ) own , travel and / have / and drink and gambling fun . and flirt ... laurie do not tell you mother ! amy be you chase some young girl across Europe ? laurie ( darken ) no. amy ( drop she playfulness ) I be ... I could not believe jo turn you down . I be so sorry . laurie ( crisp ) do not be , Amy . I be not . aunt MARCH ( 0.s. ) amy ! amy MARCH ! you come back here right this instant ! amy ( to Laurie ) oh , aunt March ! Laurie gallop over , and jump into the carriage , kissing she : laurie aunt MARCH be not we fine , / ma ’am . / get he off of I ! he kiss she again , grin . aunt MARCH Il faut go ! allons-y ! aunt March attempt to get the carriage to leave , and Laurie be throw off while Amy be throw in . amy ( call after Laurie ) come to the New Year 's Party ! it 's a ball and everyone will be there , include Fred - pick I up at the hotel at eight - the chavain ! dress for festivity ! top hat and silk ! laurie I will ! I x11 wear my best silk ! Laurie turn and continue he heartbroken stroll , as Amy look at he . she turn back to aunt March . amy it 's Laurie ! aunt MARCH I know . Amy turn around to get one last look at Laurie . she love he , as she 's always love he . int . tailor shop . afternoon . 1868 . meg MARCH , beautiful but with the melancholy of yearn emanate from she , be browsing the silk with sallie moffat , a rich young woman who possess a air of casual boredom that come from never have to work for what you have . sallie ( to the clerk ) twenty yard of the blue silk as well as the pink . someone will be by for it later . she look over at meg , who touch a beautiful grey silk : sallie ( cont 'd ) oh meg ! that would look so lovely on you . I know just the dressmaker to send you to . you will be the prettiest wife in concord . meg oh no , John need a new coat for winter and Daisy and demi need new clothes and -- sallie -- and he wife need a new dress . meg ( try to hide she embarrassment ) I can not ... it 's , I just can not . sallie he will be so pleased with how you look that he ’1ll forget all about the expense . meg ( equivocate ) I do not suppose it 's such a extravagance . sale clerk will twenty yard do ? meg ( decide ) yes . thank you . and meg watch , delighted but fight guilt , as the beautiful fabric be cut . 10 . ext . meg MARCH 's house . day . 1868 . from inside a modest rural cottage , meg emerge , wiping she hand and mutter to herself . meg ( ashamed ) fifty dollar , what be I think ? she see she two 3 - year-old , a boy and a girl , daisy and demi , play in the yard . she sit down to watch they , feel both grateful and trap . they run up to she . daisy and demi mommy -- mommy ! they fall into she arm , she accept they and then send they off to play again . we hear sound a beautiful bach piano sonata be play ... ext . / int . MARCH house . 1868 . «+. the music grow louder as we see empty room of the childhood home -- the attic , the dining room , the stair . finally we find beth MARCH , alone at the piano . she stop play suddenly , as if in pain . then she take a deep breath , feel the sunlight on she hand , and stretch it out . marmee ( 0.s. ) Beth ! Beth ? she do not respond . int . new york theatre . evening . 1868 . Shakespeare 's twelfth night unfold on stage . jo be in the back , the cheap stand - room . she 's so wrap up that she move in until she 's practically lean over the railing . it 's the scene where Viola ( dress as a man ) seduce olivia . olivia .+- that you do think you be not what you be . viola then think you right , I be not what I be ! friedrich watch the play from he own , proper , seat . at a certain point , he see jo , and then watch she watch the play , she delight make he smile . 11 . int . new york theatre lobby . night . 1868 . the audience flow out of the theatre into the lobby . jo , still in she theatrical reverie , spot friedrich . she freeze , not move , not want to be see . she then follow behind the band of friend , draw to they in spite of herself . int . german Beer hall . night . 1868 . it be a rowdy and raucous crowd , drink and dance . jo walk through the crowd , take it in , watch friedrich . he know everyone and can speak half a dozen language . another man young , speak a language jo do not know , offer he hand for the dance . jo I be sorry , I only speak English ... young man come dance ! he pull she into the dance , and she do she best to follow along . it 's whirling and loud and wild . before long , she find herself pair with friedrich and all self - consciousness leave she . she be part of the night and the room and the music and she throw herself into movement , and we be take back to .... the past . int . concord . MARCH house . jo & meg 's room . 1861 . ... the sister , all together again in the past , in the snow - globe of girlhood and memory that be ever present but forever go , be in a flurry of get ready for a holiday party . meg I know just who I ’1l1 dance with ! amy who will you dance with , jo ? jo you know I never dance . beth I can not dance . amy why can not we all go to the party ?! it 's not fair ! meg 's hair be cover in papers , and jo manipulate a pair of hot tong . meg struggle to get on a pair of slipper . 12 . jo meg just wear you regular ( force it ) / shoe . / this fit last winter ! Amy put on jewel and rouge and try to shape she nose . amy my nose will simply not look refine . beth ( to no - one ) I like you nose . amy ( reach to jo ) now , jo -- jo -- do not touch I , thanks ! I already feel ridiculous I do not want to look it ! amy you could be pretty if you try . jo do not want to , will not do it . beth I do not want to go but I wish I could hear all the music . jo I will keep it all in my head and try to sing it for you when I get home . jo go back to work on meg 's hair . Beth watch jo handle the tong , amaze and slightly worried : beth jo ought they to smoke / like ( confident ) that ? / it 's the dampness drying . amy what a queer smell - it 's like ... burnt feather . jo there , now you will see a perfect little ringlet . 13 . jo remove the tong , and a burnt clump of hair follow . jo scream and meg scream because jo scream . amy beth ( gasp , half delighted ) / why be she hair off ? you be / ruin ! jo meg , I be so sorry ! meg jo ( look in the mirror ) / I be sorry ! you should not what have you do ?! / marmee have ask I to do it ! I I be spoil ! I can not go ! my ruin everything ! hair ! int . gardiner be new year 's party . hallway . night . 1861 . meg and jo walk down the hallway at the gardiner 's very fancy party , the party already in full swing . meg be chastise jo : meg do not stare , do not put you hand behind you back , do not say Christopher Columbus , do not say Capital , do not shake hand , do not whistle -- meg be immediately pull away . sallie meg March ! you look so pretty ! sallie moffat , at that moment sallie gardiner , pull meg away from jo , who be leave stand awkwardly . jo meg ... meg seem to put on another face and attitude , more grow up and elegant . jo fade away into the back of the party . int . gardiner 's new year 's party . concord . night . 1861 . jo , 16 , miserable , glumly watch the dancer . she pull at a string on she dress . she catch meg 's eye , 17 , laugh with she dance partner , and plead with she to leave . meg aggressively shake she head , and jo sigh , resign . a very large red-headed boy make a beeline for jo - in she terror , she look for a escape . she slip behind sit on Theodore 17 - year - old boy . jo 14 . a curtain , and walk backwards , she nearly laurence ( ! ) , Laurie , a very serious look laurie dear I , I do not know any ( rise ) one / be here ! / do not mind I ; stay , if you like . jo I will not disturb you ? laurie not at all ; I do not know many people , and feel rather strange at first , you know . jo so do I . they stand there , unsure of what to do , both shy . laurie miss March , be not it ? jo yes , Mr. laurence , but I be not miss March , I be only jo. laurie and I be not Mr. laurence , I be only Laurie . they first burst of conversation have run it 's course , and they smile at each other , stand in the not-unpleasant awkwardness of meeting . jo do not you dance ? I do n 's yet - laurie t know how you do thing here you see , I have spend most of my life in Europe . jo europe ! that 's capital ! ( she catch herself ) I should not use word like that . laurie say who ? 15 . jo meg . she 's my older sister . they peek through the curtain and watch meg dance . jo laurie that 's she , see ? the girl ( look ) in the violet / dress ? / very pretty . jo she remind I to be good so Father will be proud of I when he return . laurie where be he ? jo volunteer for the Union Army . I want to go fight with he . I can not get over my disappointment in be a girl . Laurie do not look disappointed that she 's a girl at all : laurie jo ... would you like to dance ? with I ? jo I can not , because ... laurie because what ? jo you will not tell ? laurie never ! jo I scorched my dress , see ? meg tell I to keep still , so no one would see it . you can laugh if you want to . it 's funny , I know . Laurie do not laugh , but look quite tender . laurie never mind that ; I x11 tell you how we can manage . 16 . ext . gardiner 's new year party . porch . night . 1861 . Laurie bow , jo awkwardly curtsy and then they go dance wildly up and down a wrap -around porch . it 's actually very romantic in its exuberance . sometimes jo be the woman and sometimes the man - same with Laurie . they be mid-spin when they see meg wildly gesture at they from inside : she 's hurt . meg my foot - I have hurt my ankle . int . gardiner 's new year 's party . hallway . night . 1861 . meg limp , jo support she and Laurie trail behind . meg how will I get home ?! jo meg I do not see what you can do / carriage be too expensive . except get a carriage or stay / here all night . laurie well , let I take you . it 's right next door . meg no , thank you , we cannot accept . laurie you must take mine . please ! meg no , it 's so early -- you can not mean to leave yet . laurie I always leave early - I do , truly . jo what choice do you have ? int . / ext . MARCH house . night . 1861 . a laugh marmee , hold a book and cover in flour , open the door on Laurie and jo , support meg. marmee ( laugh ) goodness gracious , what have you do ! 17 . marmee have none of the pretension of the other mother , no artifice . she 's a hippie before they exist . the little girl , Amy and Beth come rush down the stair and attack the older girl . jo meg here , make room , / meg be a / I sprain my ankle dance ! wounded soldier ! marmee oh meg - you 'il kill yourself for fashion one of this day . Hannah ! we need ice ! amy beth tell we about it !/ ( to jo ) ( be : Laurie ) / be the music wonderful ? what 's he like ? Laurie stand apart , not want to be a disruption , but loving the March household , this slightly medieval utopia of artist and thinker . marmee come in come in ! apology for the chaos : I enjoy baking in the middle of the night ! do not mind the clutter , Mr. laurence , we do not . laurie Laurie , please . jo ( call over ) can I call you teddy ?! laurie yes ! marmee you must be part of the girl 's theatricals ! amy ( pointedly ) I be Amy . laurie hello. 18 . marmee they could use a extra player , although you will have to fight jo for the male role or play a girl . here , have a scone . marmee hand he the scone , as Hannah enter with ice for meg 's ankle . Amy keep sneaking look at Laurie . marmee ( crack herself up ) Laurie , how be you ankle ? do you need ice ? laurie ( laugh ) no , thank you , mar ’am . instantly , she see he loneliness , he lack of a mother . marmee oh , just call I mother , or marmee . everyone do . he do not say anything , but look as if he 's about to cry . he do not have a mother , and have not have one for a long time . meg jo it really seem like be a / I do not believe fine young fine young lady to come home lady enjoy themselves a bit from my party in a carriage more than we do . and have maid to / wait on I ! the girl laugh and prance and gossip around the warm fire . he stand apart , loving they all , the whole family ... ext . MARCH house . night . continuous . .-- but most especially jo. as Laurie retreat back to he big , lonely house , he look across the field to jo , write alone in the attic , absorb with she work . the present . ext. / int . new york boarding house . night . 1868 . jo work with she write costume on : a antique military jacket . her write be like a attack , move into enemy territory and occupy space . her hand start to cramp , she shake it , stretch it , and then switch hand . suddenly she stop - she 's hear something . she open the door , but the hallway be empty . she look down and see a book , a very beautiful copy of the complete Works of William Shakespeare . she open the cover - inside there be a note : 19 . friedrich ( read to camera ) for the writer in the attic : because you enjoy the play so much tonight , I want you to have this . it will help you study character and paint it with you pen . I would love to read what you be write , if you will trust I . I promise honesty and whatever intelligence I can muster . your , friedrich jo open the book and almost greedily she begin to read , recite the word to herself . int . paris . ballroom . 1868 . a gorgeous Paris ball , and Amy be lively and everyone 's favorite at the party . she dance with Fred Vaughn most often , gossip with he sister and she friend , and be charming to everyone . suddenly , Amy see something that make she look sour , and we follow she gaze to see Laurie enter : he be loud , drunk , have two girl with he . they all fall into a sofa , laugh and loud . Amy frown and approach . she stand before he , annoyed : amy Laurie . laurie ( bleary , look up ) Amy . amy I wait a hour for you . laurie I feel catch . Laurie clumsily make a space for she while the other lady depart . Amy do not , and walk away , force he to follow : laurie Amy , please ! amy do you want to know what I honestly think of you ? 20 . laurie what do you honestly think of I ? amy I despise you . laurie ( almost laugh ) why do you despise I ? amy laurie because with every chance for / oh this be interesting . be good , useful and happy , you be faulty , lazy and / miserable . amy selfish people do like to talk about themselves . laurie be I selfish ? amy laurie yes , very selfish . with you / beauty ? money , talent , beauty and / health -- amy - ah you like that , you old vanity - with all this good thing to enjoy , you can find nothing to do but dawdle . he drunkenly put he hand over hers . he wear a ring on he pinky finger , which he never take off : laurie ( make fun of she ) I nil be good for you , Saint Amy , I 'il be good ! amy be not you ashamed of a hand like that ? laurie no , I be not . 21 . amy it look like it 's never do a day of work in its life . and that ring be ridiculous . laurie jo give I this ring . Amy consider he seriously . amy I feel sorry for you , I really do . I just wish you would bear it better . laurie you do not have to feel sorry for I , Amy . you will feel the same way one day . amy ( with significance ) no , I would be respected if I could not be love . laurie ( drunken meanness ) and what work have you do lately , oh great '' artiste '' - or have you be too busy imagine how you 'il spend Fred Vaughn 's fortune ? fred vaughn , lady and gentleman ! Amy smart , he comment cut she to the core . Laurie take he very messy leave and she look to Fred -- amy Fred , I be , I be so sorry . int . boarding house drawing room . NYC . day . 1868 . friedrich hold a few newspaper clipping and handwritten page . jo pace and watch he read , nervous . he laugh , she smile at he laughter . he finish read , put down the work , and look at she . jo instantly feel that she need to explain . jo that be just storey , of course , but I be work on a novel . friedrich and you novel , it will be like this ? 22 . jo friedrich yes ... so far / anyway . / with plot like this , duel and kill ? jo it sell . friedrich why do not you sign you real name ? jo my mother would not like it , it 's too , gory for she . friedrich yes ? jo ( explain ) I want to help with the money I make and not worry she . he consider , then speak : friedrich I do not like they . jo friedrich honestly , I think that they be not good . jo ( fumble ) but , I , they be publish in the papers , and , people have always say - I be consider talented - friedrich oh I think you be talented , which be why I be be so blunt . jo , deeply offended , start to gather up she work . jo I can not afford to starve on praise . friedrich be you upset ? 23. jo of course I be upset ! you just tell I you do not like my work ! friedrich I think you want honesty . jo ( stick ) I ... do. friedrich have no one ever talk to you like this before ? jo I have be reject plenty of time . friedrich jo but do you have anyone to / and who make you High Priest take you seriously , to talk of what 's good and what 's about you / work ? bad ? friedrich no one , and I be not . jo then why be you act like it ? friedrich jo you reaction indicate that / my reaction indicate that you must think there be some you be a pompous blowhard . truth / in it . Shakespeare write for the mass . friedrich he be the great poet who ever live . he smuggle he poetry in popular work . jo I be no Shakespeare . friedrich thank goodness , we already have he . jo if you know so much about it , why do not you do it yourself ? 24 . friedrich I be not a writer . I do not have the gift you have . she do what she do when she 's hurt , which be that she get incredibly mean instantaneously , without meaning to , and without be able to take it back . jo friedrich no , you do not , and you 'il ( amused ) always be a critic , never a / I be sure they will . author , and the world will forget that you ever even live / but no one .. jo but , I 'il be , but ... friedrich yes ? jo ( not sure of herself ) no one will forget jo March . friedrich I can believe it . a energy between they and then she kill it definitively . jo we be not friend , you be not my friend . and I do not want you opinion because I do not like you very much so just do not talk to I anymore , thank you . she turn to leave , hide all the emotion . ext . new york CITY . twilight into night . 1868 . jo , in fury and confusion , walk the street , let she feeling burn out . she stride through the entire night that way , like Charles dicken 's night walk . int . boarding house . day . 1869 . after she walk -- Mrs. kirke hand jo a telegram : mrs . kirke josephine , this come for you . jo tear it open and quickly read . 25 . marmee dear jo , we Beth have take a turn for the worse . please , come home as soon as you can . jo ( breathes , crumpling the note ) Beth . int . train . day . 1869 . jo drift off to sleep , lull by the movement . the country speed past she . as she go forward towards she childhood home that be now no longer she home , and to the past that she can no longer find ... the past . int . attic of the MARCH house . morning . 1861 . jo March be sleep in she large , cozy write chair , a blanket wrap around she . her finger be stain with ink and page be strewn about she . sound of the day start to drift upstairs to she perch . her eye flutter open at the distant sound of ... meg ( 0.s. ) amy ( 0.s. ) jo ! jo ! where / be you ? / do you like this garland ? beth ( 0.s. ) they be beautiful ! jo yawn and stretch and look through the attic window out onto the snow - cover New England world : jo ( whisper to herself ) merry Christmas , world . she wrap the blanket around she and quietly open the attic door and sneak down , watch she sister , she heart 's joy , fussing over the decoration Amy have make . jo ( call out ) merry Christmas ! they all look up , delighted : meg beth jo ! we have be up / for hour ! / what have you be write ? jo clomp down the stair , page of the play in she hand . jo 26 . I get carry away with we delicious revenge play last night . poison ! amy no , no poison it 's / Christmas . meg it 's so dreadful to be / poor . beth at least we have father and mother and / each other . meg jo ( flopping down ) / Christmas will not be Christmas without any present . amy ( injure ) / I do not think it 's fair for some girl to have lot of pretty thing and other girl nothing at all . jo ( glum ) / we have not get father . and we will not have he for as long as this war drag on . ( put down she sewing ) I wish I have heaps of money and plenty of servant , need to work again . jo so I have never you could be a proper actress on the board ! meg ( privately delighted ) I can not be a / actress . amy ( prancing ) jo / they be not all fall woman . I have lot of wish , but my favorite one be to be a artist and go to Paris and do fine picture and be the best painter in the world . beth ( cuddle up to jo ) that 's what you want too , be not it jo ? to be a famous writer ? 27 . jo yes , but it sound so crass when she say it . amy jo why be ashamed of what you / I be not ! / want ? beth my wish be to have we all to be together with Father and mother in this house - that 's what I want . amy meg ( under she breath ) / shhhhhh . Beth be / perfect . jo what about you music , Queen bess ? beth ( blush ) I only do that for we , I do not need anyone else to hear it . amy ( try to shape she nose ) you must not limit yourself . meg ( stand , end it ) mother propose not have any present this Christmas because we man be suffer in the army . we can not do much , but we should make we little sacrifice and do it gladly . jo do not play mother just because she 's not home . jo throw a pillow at meg , it hit she squarely in the face . amy do not jo ; it 's so boyish . jo amy that 's why I / do it . ( disdainfully ) / I detest rude , unlady - like girl . jo I hate affect little chit ! 28 . jo tackle Amy and Beth and pull in meg . they commence play - fight . in the tussle , Amy shout out : amy watch my nose ! my nose ! it 's already no good ! hannah ( enter ) I know you do not care what I think , but you do not want you mother to find you like this , do you ? the girl untangle and run to Hannah . she 's a good - nature woman old enough to be they grandmother . meg jo ( kissing she ) / you be more family than of course we care what / you wick old aunt March . think . beth amy do not , / jo . / where be marmee ? hannah goodness only know . some poor creature come a-beggin' , and you mar go straight off to see what be need . jo I wish she could help other people at a time convenient to we . beth ( hold she doll ) joanna and I be very hungry . amy doll do not get hungry , Beth . jo ( hole up the page ) I have re-written the climax and we need to set it to memory . Amy , get the costume . amy beth I have make a divine hat , and / I think the melancholy piece paint that old shoe blue I have figure out be pretty / so she truly look like a good . princess . Beth go to the piano and jo hand out the new page : 29 . jo beth meg , wait until you see this ( marvel at the page ) / new speech ! / I do not see how you can you be as / in that . Amy fall ext./int . write such splendid thing , jo ! you be a regular Shakespeare . jo not quite . ( to Amy ) miss Michelangelo , can you please rehearse the fainting scene ? jo amy stiff as a poker ( almost yell ) / I can not help it ! I never see anyone faint and I do not choose to make myself all black and blue . if I can go down easily , I ‘’1l drop . if I can not , I shall fall into a chair and be graceful ; I do not care if Hugo do come at I with a pistol . into a chair , and jo turn to Hannah : jo Hannah ... hannah I be not act . jo I do not even say anything ! hannah I know what you be go to say and I be not act . concord . MARCH house . continuous . 1861 . marmee approach she modest home , and see she girl laugh and rehearse , joyfully play make- believe . she fight tear and sadness , about what , we do not entirely know . we just know that what she do as a mother be not free . of course it 's not , nothing be ever free , even a joy a mother can make . 30 . just before she fling open the door , she put a smile on she face . like so many mother , she create magic where there be none , and enable she girl to be brave . marmee merry Christmas , girl ! all the girl shriek and crowd around she . marmee ( cont 'd ) I be so glad to see you so happy . jo beth mother ! be you freezing , / Hannah and I make this / come have some tea . cake . meg amy we finish the / sewing ! / wait until you see my portrait . they clearly worship they mother . as she 's talk , they follow she into the kitchen . marmee jo , you look tired - be you up again all night write ? Amy , come kiss I ! how be my girl ? beth jo I be so / hungry ! / I could eat a horse . amy meg stop it , / jo ! / look at this breakfast ! marmee see the expectant face and wrestle with herself : jo what ? meg what be it ? marmee not far from here life a poor young woman , Mrs. hummel . her five child be in one bed to keep from freezing , and there be nothing to eat . my girl , will you give they you breakfast as a Christmas present ? they be very quiet , because they really do not want to do it . 31 . beth be this where you say that Father would want we to ? marmee yes . int . laurence house . formal dine room . day . 1861 . Mr. laurence sit with he grandson , Laurie , he grandson 's tutor , Mr. brooke . it be quiet and proper , the opposite of the merry mayhem of the March household . mr . brooke ( while be serve ) thank you . ( then to he host ) and thank you , Mr. laurence , for include I . mr . laurence you be welcome . perhaps you could tutor my grandson in manners as well as mathematics . they both look at Laurie , who watch the March woman walk across the snow - cover field with they breakfast . jo hit Amy with a snowball , and there be a general tussle . laurie ( quietly to himself ) what be they do ? ext . concord . church . christmas day . 1861 . all of the '' proper '' people of concord be enter the local church , serve God in the traditional manner . the March family walk by , actually do the Christ -like thing , instead of perform they faith . ext . wood around the hummell house . day . 1861 . the girl make they way through the wood and finally find themselves outside of a shack that be so dilapidate that it be hardly stand . this be the hummel house . int . hummel house . day . 1861 . the girl enter , tentative at first around such wretch poverty . Mrs. hummel be barely older than they be , and frighteningly thin . marmee show no hesitation , immediately take the infant into she arm . 32 . mrs . hummel ach , mein gott ! it be good angel come to we ! marmee I be back ! we bring food and blanket and sweater . and we bring some medicine . this be my girl ! they all set about make the room less wretch , more home - like . marmee comfort the baby , meg take two child into she lap , Amy clean and straighten , Beth cover the other child with blanket , jo set up the food . int . MARCH dine room . late afternoon . 1861 . freeze but happy , the woman return , and immediately see Hannah have arrange a unimaginable feast , with candy and ice cream and cake . Hannah pull Mrs. March aside while the girl marvel : amy beth be it / fairy ? / Santa Claus . jo no , it 's old aunt March ! hannah Mr. laurence send it . meg ( surprised ) the laurence boy 's grandfather ? why ? hannah he see you give you Christmas breakfast away and want you to enjoy the day . they all run to the window to look . amy but I think he be a mean old man ! marmee that 's so generous of he . 33 . jo his grandson Laurie put the idea into he head ! I know he do . we should make friend with he . beth boy scare I . and that big old house scare I . amy ( gorging on sweet ) Jenny snow say that Mr. laurence disown he son after he go off with a italian woman , and now he grandson be a orphan and he spend all of he time in that house lock up with he tutor . marmee ( sharply ) he be a very kind man who lose he little girl when she be only a child , and now he son as well . beth his daughter die ? that 's so sad . amy but do not Laurie just seem so romantic ? he 's half italian . jo meg what do you know ? you have ( touch they petal ) never speak / to he ! / Flowers in winter . marmee I be not responsible for this feast , but I have get a surprise . meg /jo / beth / amy a letter ! / from Father ! / be he come home ? / Three cheer ! they gather around marmee , sit she into she easy chair , and make she comfortable . this be clearly they tradition : jo do not I wish I could go ... beth amy poor jo - we can not give up / it must be very disagreeable we only / brother . to sleep in a tent . 34 . jo take she position behind the chair . amy jo jo stand in the back so we ( smack she head ) can not see she / cry . / so what if I do ? beth ( on she mother 's lap ) when will he come home ? marmee he will stay and do he work faithfully as long as he can , and we will not ask for he back a minute sooner than he can be spare . ( read ) '' give they all my dear love and a kiss . tell they I think of they by day , pray for they by night and find my best comfort in they affection at all time . as the letter be be read , we see the sister put on the play they have be rehearse . with marmee and Hannah cheer they on , they perform for the neighborhood child . the child be entrance as jo , dress as Hugo , with a black beard , a mysterious cloak , boot and a sword , call out : jo what ho ! minion ! I need thee ! marmee ( v.o . ) ... a year seem a very long time to wait before I see they but remind they that while we wait we may all work , so that this hard day need not be waste .... meg enter as hagar , the horrible old witch . a smoke effect and a well do homemade costume make the audience gasp : meg bear of rose , feed on dew , what charm and potion canst thou brew ? jo mouth the word along with she - she 's write every one . marmee ( v.o. ) .-. I know they will be loving child to you , do they duty faithfully , fight they enemy bravely ... 35 . Amy , as the sprite , appear on top of a poorly construct '' tree , '' to give the illusion of '' fly '' : amy hither I come , from my airy home , afar in the silver moo -- ahhhhh ! in mid-speech and gesture , Amy fall with a loud crash : jo ( break character ) do not laugh ! Act like it 's all right ! just keep go ! Beth play ! Beth be reveal play and try to keep a straight face , while the sister scramble to keep the performance go . marmee ( v.o. ) ... and conquer themselves so beautifully ... princess Zara ( Amy ) and roderigo ( meg ) kneel before Don pedro ( jo ) , as he pronounce they man and wife . Beth play the final triumphant chord . marmee brava ! brava ! the audience clap as the sister bow - jo gentlemanly , meg demurely , Amy the diva , and Beth 's small quiet curtsy . one woman rise to she foot with she applause and shout : marmee ( v.o . ) .... that when I come back to they I may be fonder and prouder than ever of my little woman . '' the present . int . train . day . 1869 . the whistle blow , jo be be gently shake awake . railroad porter you stop , mar ’am . jo thank you . int . boarding house . kitchen / laundry . new york . day . 1869 . Mrs. kirke hang laundry as friedrich question she : friedrich she 's go ? why ? 36 . mrs . kirke I do not know . she just leave . friedrich but she do not say if she be come back ? mrs . kirke we do not have a heart to heart , Professor . ( to a may ) what be you do ? why be you just sit there ? go dust something . and what about the girl ? she be the best teacher they ever have . friedrich I know ... friedrich look troubled and serious . ext . concord town road . day . 1869 . jo , with she luggage , walk home on the familiar road she know so well . she breathes in the air and trudge onward . the past . ext . concord town road . morning . JANUARY , 1862 . the four girl be walk , bundle against the cold . the street be more bustling , the atmosphere cozier . it be how childhood always be in memory -- brighter and better . they be back to the daily task of make a live . meg beth it 's so hard to go back to / I wish it be Christmas work after such / good time . every day . amy or New Year 's , would not that be exciting ? jo we be a bunch of ungrateful minx ! meg jo do not use such dreadful / I like good strong word / expression ! that mean something . amy well I have to go to school and I do not have any lime . 37 . do that for ? jo amy lime ? the other girl be all trading pickle lime . I be in debt . I owe ever so many lime . meg jo ( give she a quarter ) ( to meg ) will that / do ? / what do you meg I know what it be to want little thing and feel less than other girl . amy between that and the drawing I should wipe out my debt . jo amy what / drawing ? ( defensive ) / nothing ! Beth shudder . beth I be just glad that mother do not make I go to that school with all that girl ... jo ( remind ) Beth , after you shopping , I need you to work you way through the new sum and spelling and I ' 1l check it all when I get home . meg look at the sun , and speed up . meg hurry ! I 'il be late ! they break apart from each other at the fork in the road , Beth and meg go one direction and Amy and jo in another . ext . aunt march house . the same day . 1862 . jo hop over a fence and run toward aunt March 's house . int . aunt MARCH 's house . continuous . 1862 . aunt March doze , poodle in she lap , while jo stand by the bookcase and surreptitiously read she own book . 38 . she turn the page , try to be as quiet as possible , but aunt March wake up . aunt MARCH ( 0.s. ) jo josy -/ phine ! ( hide she book ) / yes ! aunt MARCH be there a reason you stop read belsham ? jo I be sorry , I 'il continue . aunt MARCH ( examine she ) you mind yourself , dearie , one day you will need I and you will wish you have behave better . jo ( carefully ) thank you , aunt March , for you employment and many kindness , but I intend to make my own way in the world . aunt MARCH no one make they own way , not really , least of all a woman . you ’1ll need to marry well . jo aunt MARCH you be not marry , aunt / because I be rich and make / March . sure to keep my money . jo so the only way to be a unmarried woman be to be rich . aunt MARCH yes . jo but there be precious few way for woman to make money . aunt MARCH that 's not true . you could run a cat house , or go on the stage . practically the same thing . jo ( say nothing ) 39 . aunt MARCH ( cont 'd ) other than that , you be right , precious few way for woman . that 's why you should heed I . jo so I can get marry . aunt MARCH no , so you can live a better life than you poor mother have . jo aunt MARCH marmee love she / life . / you do not know what she love . you father care more about educate freedman 's child than take care of he family . jo yes , but he be right . aunt MARCH it be possible to be right and foolish . jo I do not think so . aunt MARCH well , you be not pay to think . aunt MARCH ( cont 'd ) ( soften slightly ) I know you do not care much about marriage now . I can not say I blame you , but I intend to go to Europe one more time , and I need a companion . how would you like to be the person I take ? jo I would like that more than anything ! aunt MARCH then read and do not sneak around . I do not like sneak . int . school . the same day . 1862 . during a break , one of the school girl whisper to Amy : school girl # 1 President lincoln . 40 . amy no ! Father be fight for he . school girl # 2 amy my father say the war be a ( shocked ) waste , we should just let / it be immoral ! they keep / they labor . school girl # 2 everyone benefite from the system , include you Marches - why should only the south be punish ? amy perhaps we should all be punish . school girl # 1 the Marches love a cause . school girl # 3 Fine , just do Mr. Davis . amy I do not know if I should . school girl # 1 I will wipe out you debt and give you five more lime besides . Amy be seduce , and instantly start draw the ( very good and accurate ) caricature . the girl giggle . Amy get carry away , draw a conversation bubble with word '' my eye be upon you , young lady . '' more laughter . suddenly , a shadow fall over they , and all the girl look up , scared , and move away . Amy , however , be too wrap up in she draw to notice . when she do , Mr. Davis look down sternly at she . int . / ext . mr. laurencexs house . day . 1862 . Laurie try very hard to study with he tutor , Mr. brooke , but it be hopeless , Laurie keep jump up and distracting himself with something in the room . his most recent position be stand like a statue , perch on a chair . mr . brooke sit down . sit down , Laurie . Latin be a privilege . please , you have to learn this . I can not afford to lose this position . just return to cicero . but Laurie be stare out the window . 41 . laurie there 's a girl out there . mr . brooke no , there be not . laurie yes ! Mr. brooke , there be a girl ! he throw open the window and yell out : laurie hello there ! be you hurt ? amy ( sniffle but yell ) I be Amy . laurie hello Amy , I be Laurie ! amy I know . you bring my sister back from the dance - I would have never sprain my ankle , I have lovely small foot . best in my family . but I can never go home again , I be in such trouble . look . she hold up she hand , which be red and bleed a little . amy ( cont 'd ) Mr. Davis hit I . int . laurence house . library . day . 1862 . Amy , she hand now bandage , sit look at a art book , pretend to be a very fine lady . amy ( do a voice ) tell the servant that I want this painting purchase for I ! immediately ! Laurie laugh at this confident girl . Amy like make he laugh . Mr. brooke shake he head , frustrated . a servant enter , follow by jo and meg . servant ( indicate Amy ) she 's in here ... 42 . meg go instantly to Amy , while jo get distract by all the book . Laurie stand when jo enter : laurie jo jo! ( burst out ) what richness ! Theodore lawrence you ought to be the happiest boy in the world ! laurie a fellow can not live on book alone . jo I could . meg be tend to Amy , and Mr. brooke can not help but stare at meg , completely flummox by she beauty and goodness : meg jo what happen / little lamb ? ( suspicious , to Amy ) / what do you do ? amy ( play innocent ) just a draw and then ... Mr. Davis hit I . Amy start cry again , hold up she hand . meg have take off she glove and put they on a side table while she examine she sister 's outstretch hand . Mr. brooke eye the glove , he 's draw to the item so recently wear by meg . jo , who have be roam the room , stop in front of a portrait of Mr. laurence . Laurie follow she gaze . jo Christopher Columbus , look at that . laurie that 's my grandfather . be you scared of he ? jo I be not scared of anyone ! he look stern , but my grandfather be much more handsome . unfortunately , during this speech , Mr. laurence have enter with Mrs. March , unseen by jo . marmee jo ! we do not compare grandfather ! 43 . jo spin around and see Mr. laurence and she mother . mr . laurence you think he 's more handsome , hey ? jo oh , no . you be very handsome . I do not mean ... mr . laurence ( crack half a smile ) I know you mother 's father . you have get he spirit . jo thank you , sir . marmee tend to Amy . marmee you be not to attend that school any more . jo good , that man have always be a idiot . marmee jo will teach you . jo I ?! I already teach Beth ! meg you be a good teacher . mr . brooke ( try with meg ) yes , woman be teach at home be much more proper , I believe . meg ( turn to he ) only because the school for woman be so poor . mr . brooke indeed , quite right . amy I wish all the girl would leave he horrible school and that he would die . 44 , marmee you do wrong , Amy , and there will be consequence . ( to Laurie ) thank you so much for take care of Amy . my girl do have a way of get into mischief . laurie so do i! marmee ( smile ) then you should run over and we will take care of you . laurie jo and please come here , / yes ! Beth would adore the whenever you would like . and tell piano ! Beth to come / too . mr . laurence be she the quiet one ? meg that 's we Beth . mr . laurence ( pretend business - like ) tell the little girl to use we piano . laurie and jo , borrow any book you would like ! amy mr. brooke and may I come look / at the ( to meg ) painting ? / there be also a lovely greenhouse .. marmee we must be go . Girls ? jo / amy / meg thank you / please come over / many thanks / we apology . the woman leave and Mr. brooke notice meg have leave she glove behind . mr . brooke oh , miss meg ! you forget you glove ! 45 . the man be leave stand in the silence of they absence . Mr. laurence break the spell : mr . laurence well , back to work , back to work . the present . ext . MARCH house . day . 1869 . jo look towards the laurence 's house , which be dark , shutter close . it do not seem right without Laurie in it . she look in the forest by the pond to find a old mailbox . she produce a key with a red ribbon and hold it in she hand , and we and she be transport back to .... the past . int . MARCH attic . day . 1862 . meg , Beth , jo and Amy be all dress as man , with hat and spectacle and pipe - meg read from the homemade newspaper in she lovely sonorous voice . meg ( finish ) a new play , write by miss jo March , will appear at the barnville theatre , in the course of the next few week , which will surpass anything ever see before on the american stage . jo star the great actress from here to the Mississippi River , miss meg March . meg weekly report meg— good . jo— bad. Beth — very good. Amy — middle . beth amy excellent . well do , sir . jo Mr. President and gentleman , I wish to propose the admission of a new member . one who highly deserve the honor , would be deeply grateful , and would add immensely to the spirit of the club . I propose Mr. Theodore laurence ! meg amy no ! absolutely not ! 46 . jo ( break formality ) come now , let 's have he . amy he 's a real boy ! meg we do not want any boy . this be a club for lady . beth I think we should to do it , even if we be afraid . I say yes . it 's Laurie ! jo now then , everybody vote , and remember that it 's we Laurie and say '' aye ! '' meg amy ( reluctantly ) aye. aye. jo and , as there be no time like the present ! jo throw open the door of the closet , and Laurie be there , already dress for the occasion of the meeting . amy meg you / traitor ! / you rogue ! laurie lady , please - this be my stratagem , I deserve the blame : jo only give into it after lot of teasing . Laurie bow deeply . jo hear hear ! laurie I merely wish to say , that as a slight token of my gratitude and as a mean of promote friendly relation between adjoin nation , I propose this set of key for a little post office I have make in the forest by the pond . 47 . laurie ( cont 'd ) allow I to present four copy of the key , and with many thanks for you favor , take my seat as part of the club . he lay the four key ( with different color ribbon ) before they and bow again and they all cheer . the present . ext . MARCH house . day . 1869 . jo hold the very same key and open the post office box - nothing , of course . she shut it back up and trudge across the field to she childhood home . int . MARCH house . kitchen . day . 1869 . jo walk in the kitchen , and be immediately surround by Hannah , meg , marmee , and demi and Daisy . they unload she bag and sit she in a chair and pepper she with question . jo hannah hello ! thank God you be home ! meg marmee oh jo I have miss you ! we could have come to get you ! jo ( lean down to the child ) Daisy and demi ! you have get so big ! meg I wish you be here to teach they ... jo ( hugging meg ) I be here now ... hannah it 's so good to have you home ! I think the loneliness get to Beth , though she be not say anything . jo Beth , where be Beth ? jo turn to marmee , who show the truth in she eye . 48 . marmee she 's upstairs . oh , my jo . we all think she be better but the fever have weaken she heart . jo produce a envelope full of money . jo take this and find she the best doctor you can . marmee no , you need this money to live in New York . jo ( shaking she head ) I be not go back . I be use the rest to take she to the sea and get she strong . she hug all the woman again . jo when be Amy come home ? marmee and meg exchange glance . marmee we do not want to worry she . jo ( sharply ) do she not know ? meg Beth insisted we not tell she because she do not want to ruin Amy 's trip . jo ( rueful ) Amy have always have a talent for get out of the hard part of life . marmee jo , do not be angry with you sister ... 49 . the past . int . MARCH house . evening . 1862 . jo , in she and meg 's room , place a pretty cover page on top of the novel she have write . she lovingly write '' for Father , '' and hear : meg ( 0.s. ) jo ! jo , where be you ? I can not find my other glove ! jo ( holler ) take mine ! jo put she novel carefully in a drawer that be fill with she finish write , and close it . meg ( 0.s. ) jo we be go to be late ! amy where be you go ? jo ( enter ) you be not invite . amy you be go somewhere with Laurie , I know it ! jo yes , we be , now stop bother . meg do you have the ticket ? jo yes ! hurry up ! amy you be go to the theatre with Laurie . meg , please , can I come ? meg I be sorry , dear , but you be not invite . jo you can not go Amy , so do not be a baby and whine about it . 50 . amy I have be shut up in here and I never get to go anywhere . Beth have she piano but I be so lonely ! beth ( from the piano ) I can teach you chord . amy jo I do not want chord , I want no . I think you have hate to to go to the / theatre ! poke yourself in where you be not want . we already have to deal with dull Mr. brooke . meg I like he , he 's kind . amy I will pay for myself ! jo you will not come . meg I be sorry , my sweet , but jo be right . next time . jo ( leave ) come , meg , stop petting she ! amy you will be sorry for this jo March ! you will ! you 'il regret this ! int . theatre . night . 1862 . jo and meg watch the play , which be a campy vaudeville kind of thing . they be completely engage in the proceedings . the man be watch they : Laurie look at jo while Mr. brooke look at meg. int . jo and meg 's room . evening . 1862 . Amy sneak into jo and meg 's room , search every drawer and hide place for the novel that she know be there . she finally find it in the bureau . she pull out the novel that jo have just lovingly place there . ext . theatre . night . 1862 . as they leave the theatre , Mr. brooke offer meg he arm , and she take it . jo notice and do not like it at all . 51 . Laurie see jo 's expression and offer he own arm in mock chivalry . she punch he in the shoulder , and then race up , take she sister 's other arm , pull she away from Mr. brooke . int . kitchen . evening . 1862 . Amy place page after page into the fire , watch it burn , and feel nothing but terrific about it . int . MARCH live room . night . 1862 . continuous meg and jo waltz in . Beth be play with she doll and Amy be sit and read , suspiciously quiet . jo sprint upstairs . jo ( yell down as she run up the stair ) meg you be a million time better than she be - although she be a terrific fainter ! meg jo ( 0.s. ) ( muse to herself ) / ugh , that Mr. brooke , could I wonder how she manage to he be any more ... obsequious ? turn white / as she do ? meg ( holler back ) I think he be very well - mannered . jo ( from upstairs ) hold on , let I just get this idea down . meg Beth what 's you favorite eye color ? beth ( quickly ) purple . meg ( wrap up in she own story ) Mr. brooke have blue eye and a old soul which be much more important than money . jo re-appear , walk slowly . 52 . jo have anyone take my novel ? meg beth no. no . why ? Amy start read even more intently than before . jo Amy ... you have get it . amy no I have not . jo ( grab she shoulder ) that 's a lie ! amy it be not ! I have not get it - I do not know where it be and I do not care . jo meg tell I or / I ’'1l make you ! ( try to hold she back ) / jo , do not ! ( call ) marmee ! amy I burnt it up ! I burnt up you book ! I told you I ’d make you pay and I did ! jo you wick girl ! you wick , wick girl ! I can never write it again ! I will never forgive you as long as I live ! they be fight , full - out fight , during this last line , as they sister and marmee attempt to stop it . int . jox room . evening . 1862 . jo be weep , Beth cradling she head , meg hold she hand . marmee enter with Amy , who look penitent . marmee nod at she , as if to say '' go ahead '' : amy I be sorry , jo. 53 . nothing from jo. marmee Amy ... amy ( a rush of word ) it 's just that the only thing you care about be you write so it 's not as if I could hurt you by ruin one of you dress . and I really do want to hurt you . amy ( cont 'd ) I be the most sorry for it now . I be so sorry . marmee approach the bed . marmee do not let the sun go down on you anger . forgive she . help each other , and you begin again tomorrow . jo ( run from the room ) she do not deserve my forgiveness . I will hate she ! I will hate she forever ! int . MARCH house . kitchen . morning . 1862 . a very tense breakfast : jo 's eye be red and puffy and a remorseful Amy try to sit beside she and make peace , but jo change seat away from she . Amy look pleadingly at meg . Laurie burst open the back door , unaware of all the trouble . laurie good morning lady ! it 's brisk and brilliant and I think the last day for the river - get you ice skate ! jo spring up , thrilled to have something to do . jo amy one second ! go down , and I x11 / I want to come too ! last / be right there ! time you promise I could go ! jo , not acknowledge she , grab she skate and race out . 54 . amy ( wail ) be she go to be like this forever ?! beth amy it be a very hard loss / for / be there nothing I can do ? her. meg ( conspiratorially ) go after she . do not say anything till jo have get good - nature with Laurie , then take a quiet minute and just kiss she , or do some kind thing , and I be sure she will be friend again . heartened , Amy grab she skate . ext . river . day . 1862 . Amy run out of the house , call : amy wait for I ! please ! jo pretend not to hear , skate near the edge while Laurie test the ice . Amy be just get to the riverbank , wave and call . amy hello ! wait for I ! laurie stay near the edge , it 's not safe in the middle ! jo hesitates for a moment , and look at Amy , who struggle with she skate - it 's not clear whether or not she hear Laurie . jo open she mouth to say something , but change she mind . the anger in she heart have make she small and mean . laurie ( to jo , not see Amy ) ready ? jo take off down the ice , jump the gun , Laurie racing after she . meanwhile , Amy tentatively step onto the ice . she begin glide , arm out , a young and less experience skater . 55 . farther along the river , Laurie and jo be try trick and spin , when jo suddenly feel a pang of guilt , but shove she feeling down and race to catch Laurie . she plow into Laurie , toppling he . they be both laugh when just at that moment - crraaccckkk . the sound of ice split . and a high pitch scream : amy ( 0.s. ) help ! help ! Laurie and jo freeze and look at each other , and in the same instant they scramble up , jo scream . jo Amy ! it 's amy ! they race back , jo send up a breathless prayer , a incantation , a plead with the universe : jo oh god , oh god , dear god please ... they find Amy surfacing and scream and then go back under . jo be almost paralyze with terror ... jo no ... no ... .-. but Laurie have leapt to action . laurie jo ! get a branch ! jo obey quickly , blindly , use the incredible strength that be available to people in time of crise - jo drag a large branch over to Laurie , who stretch it over to Amy : laurie grab on ! she do , and Laurie and jo both lie flat on they stomach so as not to disturb the ice , as they pull together . jo be terrify but keep herself together to get Amy to safety . the effort make she own hand bleed . she and Laurie give one last pull and Amy be back on firm ground . tear be stream down jo 's face as she strip off all she warm clothes and bundle they around Amy . jo my sister , my sister , dear God thank you for my sweet sister . 56 . int . MARCH house . amy and beth 's room . evening . 1862 . Amy be asleep , cover in blanket . jo be slump down on the floor beside she , not even feel herself worthy of a chair . marmee adjust Amy 's blanket , and then look at jo , decide to take a seat beside she , on the floor : marmee she 's asleep . jo if she have die it would have be my fault . marmee ( cheerfully ) she will be fine , the doctor say he do not even think she have catch cold . jo what be wrong with I ? I have make so many resolution and write sad note and cry over my sin but it do not seem to help . when I get in a passion I get so savage , I could hurt anyone and enjoy it . marmee you remind I of myself . jo but you be never angry . marmee ( honestly ) I be angry nearly every day of my life . jo you be ? marmee I be not patient by nature , but with nearly forty year of effort I have learn to not let it get the better of I . jo ( resolutely ) I will do the same , then . marmee touch she daughter face . 57 . marmee I hope you will do a great deal better than I . there be some nature too noble to curb , too lofty to bend . the two woman sit beside each other as Amy sleep . jo put she head on marmee 's shoulder . the present . int . beth 's room . day . 1869 . jo , sit by the bed , watch over Beth as she do for Amy . she attempt to write while Beth sleep . she keep start , crossing thing out . she be divinely dissatisfied . she give up and pick up one of Amy 's letter . as she 's read , Beth open she eye and see jo sit there . beth jo . jo beth oh , Beth ! my / love ! / you do not need to come ... jo I never should have leave . do you need anything ? here take some water . beth it 's so good to see you face . jo beth we be go to the sea to get / the sea ! you strong and / well . jo I want you dance by the time Amy get back . beth jo ( worried ) no , no ... she 's not cut she trip short , / be she ? beth good . be there any news ? what do she say ? jo she write that Laurie be there ... I be glad he 's with she , he will not respond to any of my letter . 58 . beth do you miss he ? jo ( tear up ) I miss everything . beth I know . jo bow she head on Beth 's bed . the past . ext . laurence house . spring day . 1862 . meg be say goodbye to everyone as she set off for she adventure to visit Annie moffat . Mr. brooke be carry she baggage , Hannah and the sister and marmee be help with odd and end , Laurie be '' box '' with jo , and Mr. laurence be there in he proper , '' over -see - thing '' kind of way . amy hurry up you two ! meg be go to be gone for a week ! laurie come ! jo ( to Laurie ) you take the other carriage and surprise she - make sure she do not fall in love ! laurie meg yes , Captain / jo! ( to she mother ) / it be so kind of Annie to invite I . thank you for let I go , marmee . marmee just be who you be , my sweet meg. ( hand she a necklace ) it be mine when I be you age . meg oh mother ! thank you ! marmee I have never understand save jewelry until marriage - pretty thing should be enjoy . 59 . jo ( to Laurie , while kneel and remove a ring from she finger ) yes , pretty thing should be enjoy . jo place the ring in Laurie 's hand . amy ( pout ) I wish I could go to the debutante ball . mr. brooke ( aside to marmee ) do you think this be a good idea , she go away like this ? marmee Girls have to go into the world and make up they own mind about thing . jo ( to meg ) do not forget about we . meg I will not jo , it 's only a week ! hannah ( hand a pair of shoe to marmee ) she need to have some decent shoe . meg thank you again for the carriage , Mr. laurence . I do not know how to repay you . mr . laurence nonsense ! although , there be one thing - meg anything ! for a second , Mr. laurence 's eye flick to Beth - but then he direct he comment to marmee . 60 . mr . laurence it occur to I today that my daughter 's piano suffer from want of use . meg jo do / it ? / shhhhh ! mr . laurence would not one of you girl like to run over , and practice on it now and then , just to keep it in tune ? if they do not care to come , why , never mind . beth ( burst out ) oh sir , they do care , very very much ! mr . laurence ( gently ) be you the musical girl ? beth I love it dearly , and I will come , if you be quite sure nobody will hear I , and be disturb . mr . laurence not a soul , my dear . ( to the driver ) drive on , and keep she safe ! meg be pull away by a carriage , and wave goodbye to everyone , they run down the road after she . ext . annie moffat 's house . boston . day . 1862 . meg arrive at a very grand , beautiful house , and suddenly feel quite self - conscious in she clothes . int / ext . laurence house . day . 1862 . Mr. laurence watch from a upper window as a very timid Beth try to walk bravely across the lawn . she stop , and turn back and walk towards she house , and then turn around again , finally make it all the way into the laurence house . int . annie moffat 's house . day . 1862 . all the other girl be in they fabulous dress , parade up the grand staircase . meg trail in she plain dress . 61 . annie now what dress will you wear tonight , meg ? meg ( ashamed , but hide it ) I will wear this one . sallie that one ? can not you send home for another ? meg I have not get another . sallie only the one ? oh , that 's so / funny . annie ( jump in ) / not at all . there 's no need of send home , Daisy - I be go to call you Daisy now - I have get a sweet pink dress laid away , and you will wear it to please I , will not you , Daisy ? meg if it 's alright . annie of course ! int . laurence house . day . 1862 . Beth enter the big house and make she way to the conservatory , look at the piano with love . int . annie moffat 's house . stair . day . 1862 . all the young man in they tuxedo wait for the young woman to descend down the grand staircase - they parent watch proudly . the young lady walk down the stair like fancy Easter egg , meg the most beautiful of all . she 's a triumph . int . annie moffat 's house . day . 1862 . meg be do up nearly beyond recognition . she 's powder and corset and drink and flirt . in fact , she 's kind of great at it . 62 . annie everyone be in love with you , Daisy ! you have to keep my dress . meg I can not keep you dress ! suddenly , Laurie be stand in front of she . meg start . annie have fun , little Daisy . and Annie retreat with she friend , giggle again . meg ( try to be normal ) Laurie ! I do not know you be go to come ! laurie it be suppose to be a surprise . meg and what a lovely surprise it be . laurie why be they call you '' Daisy '' ? meg laurie it 's they pet name / for I . / meg be a perfectly good name . meg it 's just like play a part , to be Daisy for a little while . laurie what would jo say ? meg say nothing but look concerned . laurie ( cont 'd ) you would not actually marry one of this man , would you ? meg I might . laurie ( be : she champagne ) you will have a terrible headache tomorrow . 63 . meg it 's a good thing that it 's still tonight , then . ( then ) do you like the way I look ? laurie no I do not . meg laurie why / not ? / I do not like fuss and feather . meg you ... you be the rudest boy I ever see ! meg , in she anger and hurt , inelegantly hand he she champagne and accept a dance with the boy stand nearest . int . laurence house . day . 1862 . a very nervous Beth sit down and see the sheet music in front of she . at first she be tentative , try to play quietly , but soon she play with abandon . she be on fire . Mr. laurence , sit on the stair , be deeply move by Beth 's music . tear stream down he face . int . moffat ballroom . night . 1862 . meg feel faint from the corset and the champagne , and lean she head against a cool windowpane , hot and ashamed . Laurie come and sit beside she . laurie please forgive I and come dance . meg ( still hurt ) I be afraid it would be too disagreeable for you . laurie I do not like you dress , but I think you be just ... splendid . meg smile , and Laurie smile at she . meg I know it 's silly , but please do not tell jo . let I have my fun tonight . I will be desperately good for the rest of my life . 64 . int . moffatt ballroom . night . 1862 the two of they be now dance , look young and sincere and terrific . they whirl and spin and laugh and the music play on as the picture change to ... the present . int . meg 's house . kitchen . night . 1869 . meg sit scared and ashamed , and John - Mr. brooke , intelligent and kind and handsome - examine the two ledger book . he struggle to understand . meg I be sorry , John . the silk be the first real expense . JOHN ( make the best of it ) fifty dollar , while a lot , be not , I suppose , too much for a dress , with all the notion that be need to finish it this day . meg well , it 's not exactly even a dress yet ... it 's just the fabric . John take off he glass , overwhelm . JOHN oh , I see . meg ( work herself up ) I know you be angry , John . I do not mean to waste you money , but I can not resist when I see sallie buy all she want , and pity I because I do not . I try to be content , but it be hard , and , and ... ( honestly and quietly ) I be tired of be poor . John bow he head , wounded . JOHN I be afraid of this . I do my best , meg . instantly regretful , meg beg forgiveness : 65 . meg oh , John , my dear , kind , hard - work boy . I do not mean it ! it be so wick , so untrue and ungrateful , how could I say it ! JOHN ( sadly ) perhaps you mean it . meg no ! not a bit ! we will figure out a way to get you you coat as well , and then will not we be grand , the two of we ? JOHN ( pat she hand , rise ) I can not afford it , my dear . meg John , but -- JOHN I need to go to bed . John get up from the table . JOHN ( cont 'd ) ( pause , but not turn around ) and I really be very sorry that you have have to do without so many beautiful thing . and that you be marry to someone who can not give they to you . he leave , and she be terrify that she 's break the man she love so much . int . paris . artist 's studio . day . 1869 . Amy be look through she own painting and sketches and have a disturb expression on she face . Laurie enter . his lot in life be always to be apologize to one March sister or another , and he look truly contrite . laurie hello Amy ! amy ( not turn around ) I do not want to see you . 66 . laurie oh , Amy I be so sorry for how I behave . please ? forgive I ? amy laurie ( still not turn ) / only a little , and it 's 4 pm , have you be drink you can not be too hard on I . / again ? amy someone have to do it . laurie so when do you begin you great work of art , raphaella ? amy ( finally turn ) never . he see she face , the ashen worry trace on it . laurie what - why ? amy ( grim ) I be a failure . jo be in New York , be a writer , and I be a failure . laurie that 's quite a statement to make at twenty . amy Rome take all the vanity out of I . and Paris make I realize I have never be a genius . I be give up all my foolish artistic hope . laurie why should you ? you have so much talent and energy . amy talent be not genius , and no amount of energy can make it so . I want to be great , or nothing . I will not be a common - place dauber , so I do not intend to try anymore . Laurie watch she and then say conspiratorially : 67 . laurie what woman be allow into the club of geniuse anyway ? amy the bronte ? laurie that 's it ? amy I think so . laurie and who always declare genius ? amy well , man , I suppose . laurie they be cut down the competition . amy that 's a very complicated argument to make I feel better . laurie do you though ? feel better ? amy I do think that male or female , I be a middle talent . laurie middle talent ? then may I ask you last portrait be of I ? Amy laugh . amy all right . laurie now that you have give up all you foolish artistic hope , what be you go to do with you life ? amy Polish up my other talent and be a ornament to society . 68 . laurie here be where Fred Vaughn come in , I suppose . amy laurie do not make / fun ! ( laugh ) / I be not ! laurie you be not engage , I hope ? amy no ... laurie but you will be , if he go down properly on one knee ? amy most likely , yes . amy he 's rich , richer than you , even . laurie I understand queen of society can not get on without money . but it do sound odd come from one of you mother 's girl . amy I have always know that I would marry rich . why should I be ashamed of that ? laurie there be nothing to be ashamed of , as long as you love he . amy well , I believe we have some power over who we love , it be not something that just happen to a person . laurie I think the poet might disagree . amy well . I be not a poet , I be just a woman . and as a woman I have no way to make money , not enough to earn a live and support my family . 69 . amy ( cont 'd ) even if I have my own money , which I do not , it would belong to my husband the minute we be marry . if we have child they would belong to he not I . they would be he property . so do not sit there and tell I that marriage be not a economic proposition , because it be . it may not be for you but it most certainly be for I . the sound of a carriage approach , and Amy give a little start : amy that will be Fred now . ( to Laurie ) how do I look ? do I look all right ? Laurie look at she , really look at she for the first time . laurie you look beautiful . you be ... beautiful . she suddenly blushes , but smile in thanks . and then run off to greet Fred . from the top of the staircase , Laurie look at she and Fred embrace , not sure of what he 's feel . the past . ext . beach . day . 1862 . on a perfect spring day , Laurie , play the host , make the introduction of the british family to the March woman . and he introduce Fred Vaughn , who , of course , we already know as Amy 's potential husband . laurie this be Fred Vaughn , ( a handsome young man ) and he sister kate , ( a prim look girl ) and of course you know Mr. brooke - and this be meg , Amy , Beth and jo . jo tip she oversize hat . fred ( british accent ) so pleased to meet you . amy oh , how elegant . 70 . amy ( cont 'd ) ( suddenly intense ) remember the name '' Amy March . '' I be go to come find you one day in London . fred oh , I certainly will ! ext . beach . day . 1862 . kite ! badminton ! ocean ! - a badminton game between Fred and Amy on one team and jo and Laurie on the other while Beth cheer on both side . - sallie try to impress kate and flirt with Fred . - Fred try to flirt with jo , who kick he . - everyone fly kite . - jo and Laurie run into the ocean . - Amy settles with a sketchpad , draw Laurie - this be the picture we will see later ( earlier ) . - Mr. brooke and meg be talk and flirt and skip stone and generally be adorable and have that look of intimacy . - jo , try to practice she badminton skill , keep look over at meg , who gaze at Mr. brooke adoringly . this annoys jo. Laurie see she and come and whisper in she ear . laurie ( whisper to jo ) I know something you do not know . jo ( whisper back ) tell I this second ! laurie ( devilish ) have meg perhaps mislaid a glove ? jo whip around to look at Laurie . jo ( sharp ) Mr. brooke have it ? ( Laurie nod ) how do you know ? 71 . laurie saw it . jo where ? laurie pocket . jo all this time ? laurie yes , be not it romantic ? jo no , it 's horrid . laurie I think you would be pleased . jo at the idea of anybody come to take meg away ? no , thank you . laurie you will feel better about it when somebody come to take you away . jo I would like to see anyone try it ! laurie so would I ! more scene of childhood on the beach play out over the sound of jo 's voice read the mill on the floss by George eliot : jo ( v.0 . ) '' we could never have love the earth so well if we have have no childhood in it , if it be not the earth where the same flower come up again every spring that we use to gather with we tiny finger . '' the present . ext . seashore . day . 1869 . Beth be wrap up and look at the sea and jo read George eliot 's '' the mill on the floss . '' the beach be emptier , darker , colder -- the beach of they adulthood , without the gloss of memory . jo ( cont 'd ) '' what novelty be worth that sweet monotony where everything be know and love because it be know ? '' ( to Beth ) how great be that ?! beth ( nod , then ) I love to listen to you read , jo , but I love it even better when you read the storey you have write . jo ( self-conscious ) I do not have any new storey . beth why not ? jo have not write any . beth you have pencil and paper . sit here and write I something . jo uhh . I can not , I do not think I can anymore . beth why ? jo it 's just , no one even care to hear my storey anyway . beth write something for I . you be a writer . even before anyone know or pay you . I be very sick and you must do what I say . jo smile and then lay back . beth ( cont 'd ) do what marmee teach we to do . do it for someone else . jo be quiet . sometimes it 's hard when someone know you . 73 . the past . ext. / int . union army soldier 's fund . day . 1862 . Men , and a handful of woman , be busily work in a convert warehouse with soldier , veteran and volunteer . marmee if you be walk to vermont , there be Mrs. sewell in keene New Hampshire who will give you room and board . susan robbins you should go home to the girl , I can take care of this . marmee I need to be here . I have spend my whole life ashamed of my country . susan robbins no offense mean but you should still be ashamed . marmee I know , I be . and older man , wear with age and grief , approach she table . he be almost too shy to talk to she . she see he , and put he at ease . marmee can I help you sir ? asa melvin hello ma'am . marmee have you son in the Army ? asa melvin yes , mar 'am ; I have four , but two be kill ; one be a prisoner , and I be go to the other , who be very sick in a Washington hospital . marmee you have do a great deal for you country sir . asa melvin not a mite more than I ought , mar 'am . I would go myself , if I be any use ; as I be not , I give my boy . 74 . marmee fight she tear , busy herself with arrange a charity bundle for he . she notice that he do not have a good scarf , so give he she own , careful that he do not see this kindness . as she 's do this , a soldier walk up : soldier Mrs. March ? marmee yes ? soldier telegram from Washington ma'am . he hold a telegram , the thing marmee dread . int . MARCH family home . evening . 1862 . everything be topsy -turvy in the March house , anxious and worried . Hannah and meg run about get everything ready , Beth cry but try not to , Amy pack she mother 's trunk . marmee be jo back yet from aunt March ? amy no , I have not see she . marmee ( worried ) I can not miss the last train ... Mr. laurence and Laurie enter . laurie ( hugging Beth ) what can I do ? mr . laurence ( to marmee ) if I may be of any more assistance , please tell I . I will look in on the girl every day , without fail . marmee thank you , for everything . mr . laurence I have always admire you husband , and I pray for a quick recovery . meg be nearly run in the hallway when she bump straight into Mr. brooke. 75 . meg ( look up ) oh - I be , I be sorry . mr . brooke I come to offer myself as escort to you mother . Mr. laurence have commission for I in Washington , and it will give I real satisfaction to be of service to she there . meg spontaneously kiss he on the cheek . instead of be embarrassed , meg look at he with pure gratitude and say : meg thank you . meg run back into the live room , follow by a stunne Mr. brooke . marmee while I be go , Hannah be in charge - and please remember to check on the hummel 's , it will be a difficult winter for everyone ... at just that moment , the door swing open , and jo rush in and place money in she mother 's hand . jo will this be enough for the train ? marmee twenty five dollar ! that be not like aunt March to be so generous . jo I do not go to aunt March , could not bear to . marmee where do you get the money ? jo I only sell what be my own . jo remove she hat , and beneath , all of she beautiful long hair be go - now it 's just a short , blunt crop . gasp from everyone and exclamation of '' what ? / how ?/ why do you do it ?/ jol " beth you hair ! 76 . meg amy oh jo , how could / you ? / you one beauty ! beth hannah now you hair be / off . / you look like a boy . jo it do not affect the fate of the nation , so do not wail . marmee ( lean close to jo ) I be so proud that you be my daughter . jo ( just to she mother ) I be crazy to do something for Father . it will be good for my vanity , anyway . jo run to Laurie , hugging he . they now look like twin boy , and they both ruffle each other 's hair . my marmee girl : I love you more than word can say . be good to each other . pray for Father 's recovery . I will come back as soon as I can . the man watch solemnly , more determine than ever to help this woman that they care for so deeply . int . MARCH house . upstair hallway . night . 1862 . jo sit alone try to make and Amy walk oh , no . in the hallway , quietly weep to herself . she as little noise as possible , but a door open out - she stoops down to comfort she sister . amy jo. be it Father ? jo +. it 's my hair . and she sob and sob into Amy 's arm . amy ( get emotional too ) I would feel the same way . jo I know you would . 77 . the two sister , so different , sit and comfort each other . the present . ext . paris . garden . day . 1869 . Laurie lazily loll on the grass of the beautiful estate , while Amy sketches he . a peace have settle over they , they be friend again . Amy give he a hard time , playfully : amy Laurie , when be you go back to you grandfather ? laurie very soon . amy you have say that a dozen time in the past month . laurie short answer save trouble . amy he expect you , so why do not you do it ? laurie Natural depravity , I suppose . amy Natural indolence , you mean . laurie I will only plague he if I go , so I might as well stay and plague you a little longer . he jump up and play fight with she , make she laugh . he capture she , and hold she . laurie ( cont 'd ) you can bear it . in fact , I think it agree with you . Amy disentangle herself . she go back to draw : amy what be you do ? laurie ( cheeky ) look at you . 78 . amy ( stern ) no , I mean what do you intend . to do . laurie oh you mean with life ? amy yes . laurie amy I have be write a opera , / that 's a waste of time . I would be the central / figure ... laurie what would you have I do ? amy go back and work for you grandfather and make something of yourself . she watch he and he watch she . amy here . Laurie come around to look at the sketch - and see another sketch beside it from year ago , young and full of happiness . laurie ( he pick it up , touch ) when do you do this one ? amy it be the day at the beach , when I meet Fred for the first time . the mention of Fred change the air . laurie when be he come back ? amy ( inexplicably embarrassed ) a week or two ... he have business in London . Laurie get very intense all of the sudden , word rush out : laurie do not marry he . 79 . amy what ? laurie do not marry he . amy why ? laurie you know why .... he take she hand , and she pull it away . the past . amy no , Laurie , that 's mean , it 's just mean of you ... laurie why ? amy I have be second to jo my whole life in everything and I will not be the person you settle for just because you can not have she . I will not do it , not when , not when I have spend my entire life loving you . int . MARCH house . early morning . 1862 . Amy have she foot in a bucket of plaster , work on make a mold . meg be read a letter , smile to herself . jo write a story . Beth finish a pair of slipper for Mr. laurence . the room be messy - they have let thing slide since they mother have be go . it be never a neat house , but now it definitely be not . the inmate be run the asylum . amy I be make a mold of my foot for Laurie to remind he I have nice foot . meg Mr. brooke write that Father be still very weak , but improve . Mr. brooke also say mother be the best nurse a man could have ... jo ( annoyed ) I wish all the letter be from mother , and not Mr. brooke . 80 . meg I be grateful for any letter . meg , with careful attention , place the letter away and start work on a errand list . beth I think the deep purple be very fitting for Mr. laurence , do you agree Amy ? amy ( glance over ) quite . and the design be very cun . Amy return to she task . beth I have to thank he somehow for allow I to play the piano at he house all the time . meg I ' 1ll go into town for grocery - jo , can you go look into get more firewood ? beth you all have not be to see the hummel 's . we should go . jo oh bethy we barely have enough to feed ourselves . besides , I have to finish this story . beth amy marmee say / that we / marmee say so many thing we can not possibly do they all . beth but I always go by myself and you have not be keep up with you task ... jo we work ! meg do not worry sweet girl , we will find a time . 81 . beth but it 's be week . jo we will go soon . amy my foot be stuck ! I can ’t get it out ! jo laugh and try to help she pull she foot out , while Beth 's little face turn stubborn . she do not like this ... beth Fine , I will go myself . ext . laurence house . morning . 1862 . Beth give she slipper , wrap up , to a servant . ext . wood ./ hummel house . afternoon . 1862 . Beth , all alone , with a basket of supplies , make she way towards the hummel 's . a baby be cry , a panicked , sick cry . ext / int . MARCH house . late afternoon . 1862 . Beth return to she home , walk slowly , and feel strange . her sister 's head bob up and down in the window : jo ( 0.s. ) here she come ! Beth walk in , and a letter be place in she hand : jo here 's a letter from the old gentleman . amy Beth look what they get you -- but jo clamp a hand over Amy 's mouth - meg take Beth 's arm and lead she to where the old piano use to stand , and in its place , a beautiful little piano forte . meg amy look ! open the note ! beth ( overwhelm ) jo ... read it , I cannot . 82 . jo '' miss Beth March , I have have many pair of slipper in my life , but I never have any that suite I so well as yours . and they will always remind I of the gentle giver . I like to pay my debt , and hope you will accept this gift . you grateful friend and humble servant , James laurence . '' ( whoops with joy ! ) oh beth ! meg amy '' humble servant '' / how lovely ! ( examine ) / see the cun bracket to hold candle , and the nice green silk ... they be so absorb in the piano , that they almost do not notice that Beth have get up and walk straight over to the laurence 's house . ext ./ int . laurence house . mr. laurencexs office . day . 1862 . timid Beth walk straight up to the house and then to Mr. laurence 's office and try to speak : beth Sir , I want to thank you ... but word be lose , and she throw she arm around he . he accept the hug like he 's be wait for it he whole life . mr . laurence you remind I so much of my little girl . the piano be yours , I should have give it to you long ago . while he 's hugging she , he notice that she 's hot and flushed . mr . laurence ( cont 'd ) my child , you be burn . beth the hummel 's be very sick . int . outside beth 's room . day . 1862 . Beth , in she bed , be delirious with fever . a doctor look she over , then consult with the girl and Hannah . 83 . doctor she 's rest . mr . laurence how be she ? be there anything I can do ? hannah what be it ? doctor it 's scarlet fever . amy what 's '' scarlet fever ? '' doctor ( lowering he voice , to Mr. laurence ) I visit the hummel 's , the baby have die . doctor ( cont 'd ) have you all have it before ? jo meg and I have , but Amy have not ! doctor she will have to be send away . amy I do not want to be send away ! meg amy I will see if aunt March can / I do not like aunt March . / take she . hannah it 's for you own good , child . jo should we send for mother ? meg no , we should not worry she . I have never wish for money more than now . jo we will nurse she and she ’1ll get better . you will see . she will . she must . 84 . the present . ext . seashore . day . 1869 . jo read a story for Beth that she 's write herself , for Beth , finish the last line . jo '' the post office in the forest be a capital little institution , and flourish wonderfully , for many thing pass through it : poetry and pickle , tragedy , garden seed and long letter , music and gingerbread , invitation , scolding , and even puppy . '' she put down the story , look shyly at Beth , who beam : beth it 's all about we ! jo it be . beth I love it . jo it 's just a little story . beth it 's nothing like what you usually write . jo you do not think it 's too ... boring ? beth no , it be my favorite one yet . jo really ? beth write I another . jo yes mar ’am ! beth and keep write they . jo I will . 85 . beth even when I be not here . it be say quickly , almost casually , but it land like it be mean to . jo no , do not say that , do not say it . beth jo I have to tell / you . / no you do not . beth I have have a very long time to think about this , and I be not afraid . jo no ... beth it 's like the tide go out . it go out slowly , but it can not be stop . jo I will stop it . I have stop it before . the past . int . beth 's room . late at night . 1862 . jo , sit vigil , put cold towel on Beth 's hot forehead . jo you will get better . Father will get better . and we will all be together soon . beth we can not stop God 's will . jo God have not meet my will yet . what jo will shall be do . int . aunt MARCH 's house . day . Amy be work very diligently on she french and she painting - aunt March notice the quiet little girl , and admire she : aunt MARCH Amy ? come here . 86 . amy yes ? aunt MARCH come , sit ! Amy sit down next to aunt March . aunt MARCH ( cont 'd ) ( point to she finger ) if you be very good , one day this ring will belong to you . amy ( marvel ) really ? aunt MARCH you just keep be a proper young lady and see if it do not . you be you family 's hope now . Beth be sick , jo be a lose cause , and I hear meg have have she head turn by a penniless tutor . it ’1ll be up to you to support they all , and you indigent parent in they old age . so you must marry well and save you family . Amy look serious -- aunt March release she . aunt MARCH ( cont 'd ) ( breezy ) that 's all I want to say to you . you can go finish you ... little painting . Amy stand up and walk out of the one room in the past , to another room in the present ... the present . int . FRANCE . rented apartment . day . 1869 . ... Amy rush in , excited , to aunt March take she tea : amy hello aunt March ! aunt MARCH that laurence boy be just here . amy he be ? 87 . aunt MARCH what a disappointment he 's turn out to be . it must be the italian in he . Amy sit down without intend to . amy ( thrilled ) when will he be back ? aunt MARCH he 's go , to London . why ? what do you need to discuss with he ? we briefly flash to ... a country scene in the Paris exurb . from a distance , we see Fred and Amy walk . suddenly , Fred drop to one knee , offer Amy he hand , and she drop it .... ... back to aunt March . amy I have just tell Fred Vaughn that I would not marry he . int . MARCH house . beth 's room . day . 1869 . meg be watch over Beth , who be get weaker by the day . jo come up with a bowl of soup , and touch meg on the shoulder , relieving she . jo meg. jo cock she head towards the window , John be stand outside . ext . MARCH house . garden . day . 1869 . meg and John be talk , tentative after they quarrel . meg JOHN I 'il come home to help with / stay . I ask for leave . the child , I be sorry , I be I 'il take care of the just so worried / for Beth . child . meg ( embrace he ) john. 88. JOHN and there 's another thing - you should send you fabric to the dressmaker as soon as possible . meg JOHN but I / can not -- / no , do not say another word , I will not hear it . I want you to have that dress . my old coat will be fine for the winter . meg JOHN but / John , it 's -- it 's all settle . meg no , John , I really can not . I sell the fabric to sallie . JOHN you do ? meg yes . JOHN I do not want you to be unhappy . meg I could not be , John brooke be my husband and I be he wife . meg kiss he , spontaneously , just like year earlier . int . MARCH house . beth 's room . day . 1869 . from the window , jo watch the loving scene - feel happy for she sister and also a pang of loneliness . suddenly , a crash - the soup bowl clatter to the floor . Beth 's fever be high and she knock everything off the bed - jo fly to she side , feel she forehead , call . jo Hannah ! the past . int . beth 's room . day . 1862 . just as in the present , Beth have get worse . jo what do we do ? 89 . hannah we should send for you mother . the present . int . beth 's room . evening . 1869 . jo lay in bed with Beth . the past . int . beth 's room . evening . 1862 . marmee enter with Laurie and go straight to Beth . she 's go from a sick husband to a sick daughter , but she bring cheerful efficiency to a terrifying situation . marmee you be right to send for I , my girl - but you have be very good nurse indeed . meg it 's mostly be jo , she 's hardly sleep . jo I do not know what else to do . marmee Hannah , go make a clear broth and jo get ice - we need to cool she . meg who be with Father ? marmee John be stay with he . meg smile to herself , which she mother notice . marmee ( look at the bed ) we need to change the linen . marmee attend to Beth while the girl help she . the present . int . beth 's room . night . 1869 . meg and jo and marmee take turn in shift , make sure that Beth be as comfortable as she can be . when it be jo 's turn , Beth be very weak , barely able to hold she head up . jo ( whisper to Beth ) do not go quietly , fight ! 90 . jo ( cont 'd ) please fight to the end , be loud ! do not just quietly go away ! jo be sit watch , and drop off to sleep , she head on the bed , she hand grasp Beth 's . Beth open she eye and look down at jo and smile . she close she eye again and drift away . the past . int . beth 's room . evening . 1862 . jo jerk suddenly awake - she do not see Beth in the bed . she rise , and with grow panic - scream . jo marmee ! marmee ! she rush downstairs to find Beth sit up with she mother and Hannah eat . she cry with joy , and kiss Beth 's head . jo ( cont 'd ) merry Christmas , Beth . int . MARCH house . live room . afteroon . 1862 . it be Christmas time again . Amy , stand on a chair , supervise all the decoration . Mr. laurence and marmee sit by the fire , and Beth on the couch with she doll . jo run around with Hannah set the table for they feast . at just that moment , Laurie pop he head in and with wild excitement in he eye , announce : laurie and here 's another Christmas gift for the March family ! the door swing open , and it 's Father , support by Mr. brooke . mayhem break out - Beth start cry , Amy fall off a chair , marmee gasp , jo drop a dish , and meg ( again ) spontaneously kiss Mr. brooke . all the girl run to he , surround he in a hug . father ( joyfully overwhelm ) my little woman . how you have grow , and how proud I be of you . each of you . merry Christmas , my dear . he look over they to marmee - who be gaze back at he with love . she be not sure that this moment would come for she , and she can hardly believe she have she family together . he step out of he daughter 's hug to embrace he wife . 91 . marmee ( cry out of happiness ) thank god , thank god you be home . now I can be angry with you in person . he laugh , and brushes she tear away . it be romance , but the real kind . later : it be Christmas dinner , with everyone , include the laurence and Mr. brooke , gather around the table - it be the finest day any one of they have ever have , and the joy radiate across the chilly Christmas night . the present . int . beth 's room . morning . 1869 . jo jerk awake to find Beth go - she go downstairs and see marmee there . jo look at marmee , and she mother , for the first time in jo 's life , break . jo become the parent at that moment , comforting she mother , who be trap in the unimaginable pain of lose a child . ext . graveyard . day . 1869 . the March family : mother and Father and jo , meg and John with they arm around each other , and Hannah . they have all gather to lay they Beth to rest on a impossibly beautiful day . the party walk away , each with they own pain . jo stay , unable to leave Beth 's side , even in death . meg make to go approach she - but John pull meg closer . meg nod - and she be grateful to he , grateful that she marry this man who can be there for she . jo cry , alone . she cannot comprehend how the world keep spin when she Beth be go . we go from the emptiness of the grief to ... the past . ext. / int . MARCH house . meg & jox room . spring . day . 1865 . .+- a beautiful day , full of flower and sunlight . outside , Beth and Amy be arrange decoration and laugh . Inside , meg prepare for she wedding with jo help she , place flower in she sister 's hair . meg I can not believe today be my wedding day ! 92 . jo ( sadly ) I neither . meg what 's wrong ? jo nothing . meg jo ... jo suddenly kneel before she , wild and desperate : but , jo .. jo we can leave . we can leave right now . meg what ? jo I can make money : I ’1l1 sell storey , I will do anything - cook , clean , work in a factory . I can make a life for we . meg jo and you , you should be a actress and have a life on the stage . let 's run away together . meg I want to get marry . jo why ? meg I love he . jo ( angry ) you will be bored of he in two year and we will be interesting forever . meg just because my dream be not the same as yours do not mean they be unimportant . 93 . jo sit back , heartbroken . meg ( cont 'd ) I want a family and a home and I be not scared of work and struggle , but I want to do it with John . jo I just hate that you be leave I . meg oh , jo , I be not leave you . besides , one day it will be you turn . jo I would rather be a free spinster and paddle my own canoe . ( hugging she , cry ) I can not believe childhood be over . meg it be go to end one way or another . and what a happy end . ext . MARCH house . garden . day . 1865 . meg and Mr. brooke be marry , with Mr. March officiate . mr.march what excessive promise , give yourself away to get the other . what a thing , what a gift , always give before it be know the cost or the reward . during the simple and emotional ceremony , Amy and jo catch each other eye - they simultaneously realize that they be the only two leave stand . later , during the picnic reception : - marmee and Hannah deliver cake and pastry and food galore . - Laurie dance with Beth , whirling she around , and make she laugh . jo watch adoringly : the two halve of she heart . - meg , both bride and host , make sure everyone be care for . - Laurie and jo taste the alcohol and decide it 's terrible . 94 , - meg dance with John , marmee dance with Mr. laurence , jo try to play the fiddle - then marmee dance with Father , jo and meg dance , John and Amy dance , Hannah dance with Father . the point be , everyone dance with everyone and ... - Mr. laurence offer to dance with aunt March , but she turn he down . then Laurie also approach she . aunt March feign even more hatred , to cover she epic delight . - there be more eat and dance until the sun start to set . as aunt March move to make she departure , she speak to meg , who stand with John , marmee and Father March . aunt MARCH well , I hope you be happy . now that you have ruin you life , just like you mother do by marrying you father . despite she meanness , the March family be so happy , that they burst out laugh at aunt March 's rudeness . father dear sister , you be too kind . and thank you for today 's festivity . aunt MARCH you be most welcome . meg ( lean in to kiss she ) thank you aunt March . aunt MARCH oh , oh , I do not like to be ... kissed ! meg oh , I be sorry . aunt MARCH ( back at meg ) you will be sorry when you have try love in a cottage and find it a failure ! meg ( smile sweetly ) it can not be worse than some people find in big house . aunt MARCH I understand you meaning , my dear . 95 . meg and John retreat and laugh and kiss . nothing can pierce they happiness . aunt MARCH ( cont 'd ) ( to marmee ) I do not miss a thing . marmee ( take aunt March 's arm and lead she away ) you be not entirely wrong . aunt MARCH I may not always be right , but I be never wrong . Amy take over from marmee , aunt March gratefully accept she hand . aunt MARCH ( cont 'd ) thank goodness , here 's the only sane member of the family . I really can not take any more of this . Amy lead she away , and marmee let they go . Amy get aunt March into a carriage and then let out a cry of joy . she run to marmee , who be now stand with jo : amy jo marmee ! marmee ! aunt March be / want I to go with she ! how go to Europe / and wonderful ! now I know why I spend all that boring hour read to she ! jo throw she arm around Amy , delighted . amy no , she ... she want I to come . as she companion . jo ( stunne ) Europe ? with you ? amy she want I to work on my art , and my french , of course . jo oh ... I , that 's wonderful Amy . marmee take jo 's hand , know how this hurt she . jo smile through she pain for meg 's day , but it be a true blow . 96 . int . meg 's house . day . 1865 . John and meg enter they small but lovely newlyw home . he embrace she and kiss she - she 's never be happier . ext . wood . day . continuous . 1866 . Laurie and jo walk through the wood together , as they have do for year . jo meg marry , Amy off to Europe , now that you be a graduate , you 's 1ll be off on a long holiday - I be not good like Beth so I be angry and restless . laurie you do not have to stay here . jo why ? should we run off and join a pirate ship ? he look at she , and inhale , about to talk . jo see he face and immediately know what be about to happen . no , no , jo ( panic ) no , teddy -- please do not . laurie it 's no use jo ; we have get to have it out .. jo laurie / we do not ... I have love you ever since I have know you jo -- I could not help it , and you have be so good to I -- I have try to show it but you would not let I ; now I be go to make you hear and give I a answer because I can not go on like this any longer . 97 . jo laurie I want to save you from ( not listen to she ) this , I think / you have / I have work hard to please understand . you , and I give up billiards and everything you do not like , and wait and never complain for I hope you would love I , though I be not half good enough -- jo yes , you be , you be a great deal too good for I , and I be so grateful to you and so proud of you , I do not see why I ... I can not love you as you want I to . laurie you can not ? jo ( helplessly ) I can not change the feel and it would be a lie to say I do when I do not . I be so sorry , teddy , so desperately sorry , but I can not help it ... Laurie back away from she like she hit he . laurie I can not love any one else . jo it would be a disaster if we marry , we would be miserable ! we both have such quick temper -- laurie -- if you love I jo , I would be a perfect saint ! jo I can not - I have try it and fail . laurie everyone expect it -- grandpa and you family , jo say you will and let 's be happy ! jo I can not say '' yes '' truly so I will not say it at all . 98 . jo ( cont 'd ) you will see that I be right , eventually , and you 's 1ll thank I for it . laurie I nil be hang if I do ! jo you will find some lovely accomplish girl , who will adore you , and make a fine mistress for you fine house . I would not . I be homely and awkward and odd and you would be ashamed of I and we would quarrel - we can not help it even now ! - I have hate elegant society and you would hate my scribbling and we would be unhappy and wish we have not do it and everything will be horrid . laurie anything more ? jo nothing more -- except that ... ( honest ) I do not believe I will ever marry . I be happy as I be , and love my liberty too well to be in any hurry to give it up . laurie ( shaking he head ) you will care for somebody , and you will love he tremendously , and live and die for he . I know you will , it 's you way , and you will and I ’1ll watch . jo teddy . . he straighten up and walk away . jo cry and cry . her heart be break , even though she be the one who break it . the present . int . MARCH house . attic . day . 1869 . jo be put away Beth 's thing , and arrange she little doll and toy . everyone be go . meg leave by marriage , Amy leave by a voyage to Europe , Laurie leave because she reject he and Beth be take from this life . she place sheet music of Beth 's into a trunk , the hurt in she heart almost unbearable . 99 . marmee I hope I be not disturbing you write ... jo I do not do that anymore . ( then ) it do not save she . they sit beside each other , both miss Beth . marmee you be much too lonely here , jo. would not you like to go back to New York ? what about you friend - friedrich , be that he name ? jo ( resign ) I ruin we friendship with my temper , just as I ruin everything . marmee I doubt a sincere friend would be deterr . jo I wish that be true . if I be a girl in a book , this would all be so easy , I have give up the world happily . marmee Laurie be return , you know . jo ( look up ) he be ? marmee there be a letter from Amy , she 's come home : she be devastate about Beth and aunt March be very ill - but Laurie will be accompany they on the journey home . jo ( nodd ) that 's good of he . jo stand and pace , anxiously . 100 . marmee what be it ? jo perhaps ... perhaps I be too quick in turn he down . marmee do you love he ? jo if he ask I again , I think I would say yes ... do you think he 'il ask I again ? marmee but do you love he ? jo ( tear up ) I know that I care more to be love . I want to be love . marmee that be not the same as loving . jo ( cry , try to explain herself to herself ) woman have mind and soul as well as heart , ambition and talent as well as beauty and I be sick of be tell that love be all a woman be fit for . but ... I be so lonely . ext . paris . FRANCE . day . 1869 . Amy , dress in black , be wait with all she luggage - she be in mourn . a carriage approach and Laurie get out . he tentatively walk to Amy . laurie I could not let you travel alone with aunt March be so sick - even if you despise I . amy oh , Laurie , I do not despise you . she embrace he , weep . amy ( cont 'd ) Beth be the best of we . 101 . Laurie be quiet , let she cry . she pull back . amy I be not marrying Fred Vaughn . laurie ( carefully ) I hear ... Amy ... amy ( rush of word ) it be not for you it be for myself . you be under no obligation to say anything or do anything , it be because I do not love he as I should . Laurie study she face , and we know that he see she and love she . amy ( still rambling ) you do not have to say anything , we never need to talk about it , we do not have to talk about -- Laurie catch she face with he hand , and kiss she . she look at he and kiss he back . they embrace with both they joy and they grief . this be the way it be mean . it be do . int . MARCH house attic . day . 1869 . jo infuse with a new kind of energy , write to Laurie . we hear snippet of the letter . jo ( v.0 . ) my dear teddy , I miss you more than I can express . ext . MARCH house . day . 1869 . in the forest , jo find the mailbox . jo ( v.0 . ) ... I use to think the worst fate be to be a wife , I be young and stupid . now I have change . the worst fate be to live my life without you in it . I be wrong to turn you down and to run away to New york. 102 . she open it and place the letter inside , she look at it , satisfied . she close the mailbox back up again . the past . ext . street of new york CITY . day . 1867 . jo try to find she way through the unfamiliar city - she be not a expert at it quite yet . she walk too slowly , stare too long , and get hopelessly lose - but a spark of happiness be grow , she 's figure out how to be what aunt March say be impossible - a woman make she own way in the world . she walk up the stair to the board house and as she ascend the stair and the door open , we hear : laurie ( 0.s. ) jo ... jo ... jo ... the present . int . / ext . MARCH house . live room . day . 1869 . jo , asleep on the couch , be gently shake awake . she see : laurie jo ? wake up ! jo oh teddy ! my teddy ! laurie dear jo , be you glad to see I then ? jo embrace he and look at he and hold he for too long . jo glad , my bless boy , be too small ! word can not express it . Laurie break they embrace . laurie oh thank heaven , I be worried , well , anyway , I want a moment with you alone . jo yes , of course . here , come sit . they take a moment , not sure what to do . they be not in they youth any longer , they be not sure how to relate to each other . jo ( make a joke ) how 's Amy ? 103 . jo ( cont 'd ) do she bother you all the way from Europe with she preen ? laurie ( laugh ) yes , but I love it . jo where be she now ? do she not come straight home ? laurie you mother 's get she down at meg 's , we stop there by the way , and there be no get my wife out of they clutches . jo you ... you what ? laurie now I have do it ! it be mean to be a surprise . jo what surprise ? laurie well , we be engage , and we be go to wait ... that be to say , now we be man and wife . jo sit . she 's hit hard . jo you and ... Amy . laurie it all happen very fast . jo be you - in love ? laurie yes . ( launching in ) jo , I want to say one thing , and then we will put it away forever . I have always love you ; but the love I feel for Amy be different - you be right - we would have kill each other . 104 . jo ( still in shock ) yes . laurie I think it be mean this way . jo oh , teddy . laurie no one ever call I that but you . jo what do Amy call you ? laurie my Lord . jo that 's like she ... well , you look deserve of it . laurie can we - can we still be friend ? though it take a supreme effort , she say : jo of course , my boy , always . at that moment , everyone come burst through the door . mother and Father and Amy and John and meg and Daisy and demi - Amy go straight to jo . jo fix she face and decide she will be the person she wish she be : amy Laurie tell you ? jo yes . Amy look at she expectantly . jo have a moment of want to strike she , the way she do when they be child , but check herself , and try to be what Beth would want : jo Amy , I be so happy for you . it be mean to be . Amy sigh , she anxiety lift : 105 . amy oh , I be so relieved - I could not write because it all happen so quickly and then , really , I be worried you would be angry . jo ( shaking she head ) no , no . amy so you be not ? angry ? jo life be too short to be angry at one 's sister . amy ( tear up ) I really miss she ... jo I know . they embrace . over she shoulder she catch she mother 's eye , who give she a look of infinite empathy . then Laurie call for he wife . jo straighten up and see this couple - mother & Father , John & meg , Laurie & Amy . it all hit she with a heat and a mass that she be unprepare for . she hastily excuse herself and go outside . ext . MARCH house . day . 1869 . weeping , but also in a panic , jo remove the letter from the mailbox and walk into the wood . ext . wood . day . 1869 . she tear through the wood and finally stand by the river , breathe heavily . for one moment , we believe that she might end she suffer in the most tragic way - she lean towards the river ... . -- and throw the letter into it , let it drift away , along with she childhood love . it be over . ext . MARCH house . day . 1869 . jo trudge back , and be surprised to find Mr. laurence stand alone , look at the March 's house . 106 . jo Mr. laurence ? mr . laurence jo ! they embrace - and then Mr. laurence try to explain : mr . laurence I could not bring myself to ... the house do not seem right without she and I could not go in know she would not be there . he begin cry . jo take he arm tenderly . jo I know I be not half so good as my sister , but I will be a friend to lean on , if you 'il let I . he gratefully accept she help and they approach the house together , a odd , sweet pair of friend . int . MARCH house . jo & meg 's room / attic . night / day . 1869 . jo start awake - she look around the room : she 's all alone , everyone be truly go . she light a candle . she go to the drawer where she keep she write , and pull out the stack . she feed a publish story into the fire . then she burn more storey , print , unpublish , half - finish , she burn they all . it be a potlatch , a total burn down of everything she have make up until this point . she find one last piece , and be about to give it over to the fire , when she read on top : '' for Beth . '' she stop . jo make she way up to the attic , and sit in she old write chair , look at the story . she take a fresh sheet of paper and start write . she write all night , and into the next day , pile up page after page . she spread they out in the attic , like a quilt , building outward . candle be light and re-lit , the sun rise and set . marmee bring she some food and then leave she alone . jo nod off for a second then keep write . she revise , she scratch out , she change order . she fall asleep on she blanket of papers . 107 . she 's re-connected with she childhood , and out of the depth of despair have find hope and inspiration . jo finish and carefully tie up the first few chapter of this experiment and write a letter to Mr. dashwood : jo ( read to camera ) dear Mr. dashwood : enclose be the first few chapter of a piece I have only begin work on . it could suit as a story for young people , but I think it be probably quite boring . however , I be send it to you just in case it have something of value , though I doubt it . int . aunt MARCH 's house . day . 1869 . the empty room of aunt March 's house -- nothing be leave of the deliciously cranky old lady . Furniture be cover over , and the loss be feel in the grand room . Amy , jo and meg walk around the big empty mansion . jo I think she hate I . amy she could still hate you and leave you the house ! jo laugh . jo what about you and John ? meg no , I do not need a grand estate . meg look satisfied , and we know that she be , deeply . suddenly , jo let out a whoop and run through the house . meg amy for heaven 's / sake ! / what be you do ? jo ( look around ) I should sell it , but I have love to do something that would really make aunt March turn in she grave . meg I would not mind that . 108 . amy jo / Girls ! / a nice turn , just a rotation , nothing terrible . meg what will you do ? jo think for half a second , but she already know : jo I would like to open a school . we never have a proper school , and now there be woman 's college open - there should be a school . for Daisy . amy and what will demi do ? jo i’1l open a school for boy and girl , both . Amy take she sister 's arm on one side , while meg be on the other side . they walk and talk confidentially . amy what about write ? jo meg ( jo turn bright red ) what be you work on ? what / about it ? jo I start something ... but I do not think it 's very good . amy everyone like what you write . jo ( pointedly ) no , they do not . meg I do . jo it 's just about we little life . 109 . amy jo so ? who will be interested ina story of domestic struggle and joy ? it do not have any real importance . amy maybe we do not see that thing as important because people do not write about they . jo no , write do not confer importance , it reflect it . amy I be not sure . perhaps write will make they more important . jo ( look at she , amused ) when do you become so wise ? amy I always have be , you be just too busy notice my fault . meg which be not there , of course . they lean they head together and stroll through the house . int . new york publishing office . day . 1869 . Mr. dashwood sit , read the page that jo give he . he finish and then write to she . mr . dashwood ( read to camera ) dear miss March : I have read the chapter you send , and I have to agree that they be not very promise . but , please send we more storey of the scandalous variety , if you have any . int . MARCH house . attic . / dine room . early evening . 1869 . jo read the note Mr. dashwood send : mr. dashwood ( v.o. ) or , shall I say , you friend can . my apology for the joke , I could not help it . 110 . and she crumple it up . just then , marmee break she reverie . marmee ( 0.s. ) jo ! come down ! jo come ! I be starve ! jo stashes she write and clomp down the stair and head straight for the table , not even look around she . she sit down and grab a piece of bread and take a big bite . marmee jo , you might want to wait .. jo but I be famish . marmee jo , dear , you have a guest . jo I do not know anyone . friedrich ( 0.s. ) I be so sorry to intrude . jo hear he voice and bolt up . jo ( she burst out laugh ) it 's you ! the past . ext . boarding house . new york . day . 1867 . jo , with all of she luggage , find the address and ring the doorbell . friedrich open it , he smile down at this young woman , with he handsome face and merry eye -- she come undone before even know it . friedrich hello . jo hello . I be josephine March . jo. just then , Mrs. kirke push past he , with she two child . mrs . kirke ( to be deliver without stop for breath , with infinite cheer and anxiety ) jo ! be that you ?! come in , come in ! 111 . mrs . kirke ( cont 'd ) you mother say that you be a writer — how wonderful ! I keep a diary , you know . this be Kitty and minny . smile girl . I see you have meet we professor , he 's a very accomplish man , actually , it 's a interesting group here , lot of intellectual and european . you know I never think I have run a board house but here I be ! how be that sweet mother of yours ? she always have such great height , I never have that , she could reach anything ... she lead jo up through the stair and jo take a quick glance backwards at friedrich , as if to confirm that the man she see be real and not a apparition . she find friedrich look back up at she . she turn away again . back to the present . 1869 . friedrich jo , I hope it be all right , I get you address from Mrs. kirke - laurie who be you ? ( to Amy ) who be he ? friedrich ( back away ) I be so sorry to intrude , I be close by and think I have , but I 'il be go ... amy - please stay ! we have more than enough room . laurie can someone tell I who he be !? friedrich I do not want to be a burden . meg it 's no burden at all . jo ( still stunne ) yes , of course . please . 112. laurie ( proprietary ) I be Laurie . and who be you ? friedrich I be friedrich bhaer . jo ( explain ) we be at the same board house together in New York . hannah oh jo , he 's very handsome . later : everyone be talk . Father and friedrich especially talk philosophy and religion and politics . Father obviously very much like he . jo be glow with happiness . Amy look from friedrich to jo and from jo to friedrich . she can see that there be love between they . father ( to friedrich ) and you intend to stay in New York ? friedrich no , I have be offer a professorship in California - and as I have nothing keep I here , I think I might go West . it be new there , and they be less particular about immigrant . jo have a unconscious sharp intake of breath . no one notice but Amy . Father continue oblivious : father perhaps I should go West ... marmee you be not a immigrant , so perhaps you should stay home . everyone burst out laugh . Father laugh at himself good - naturedly . father oh , I be go . 113 . int . MARCH house . live room . day . 1869 . everyone relax after dinner , and friedrich eye the piano : friedrich this be a beautiful instrument . which one of you play ? they all fall quiet . jo it be my sister , Beth . amy we all play a little . meg but none so well as she ... friedrich it be very hard to lose a sister . I be sorry . father do you play ? friedrich I do , yes . marmee it would make we so happy if you play now , she would not want the piano to sit silent . friedrich I do not wish to offend . father not in the least . he sit down and play bach - it be beautiful and elegant . jo watch he , move and deeply happy . the sound of he music play over friedrich say he goodby and tell jo , as he stand at the door : friedrich jo , if you ever come to California , I would love to see you . jo I do not know that I will , but thank you . 114 . friedrich ( hurt , but accept ) well , yes ... goodbye . jo Goodbye . it have start to rain , and he put up he umbrella and trudge into the evening . the door close . jo turn back around to find everyone stare at she . jo what ?! why be you all look at I like that ? father what a wonderful man . I hope he come again , he would be a terrific friend for I . amy ( cry out ) oh Father , he be not here for you ! father no ? amy jo ! you love he ! jo I do not ! amy you do too ! I may be half as smart as you be but I can see it so plainly , you love he . I have never see you happier . what else be love ? do not she love he Mr. laurence ? mr . dashwood that 's a good instinct , you love he . amy go get he . Laurie prepare the horse . we can catch he before he get to the train . 115 . meg ( stand ) I be come too . jo I be not go ! meg you be . Amy be right . laurie I never think I have prepare a carriage to help jo March go after aman , but I like it . jo he 's move to California ! amy that 's a fiction . he be practically begging for a reason to stay . jo but it 's raining outside . amy it do not matter ! put on a better dress . follow I . Amy have start ascend the stair . amy laurie . stop stand there and go get the horse ready . laurie ( jump to action ) yes , my love . int . new york apartment . night . 1869 . it be also raining in New York . Mr. dashwood be in he cozy apartment , eat dinner with he wife . she try to start a fight . mrs . dashwood you never ask about my mother even when you know I have see she . mr . dashwood I assume she 's still alive . 116 . mrs . dashwood but I ask after you mother . mr . dashwood and I have no idea why . mrs . dashwood you be willfully miss the point . mr . dashwood that 's true . he hear he daughter 's laughter and talk in the next room . mr . dashwood what have they get into now ? mrs . dashwood I have no idea . the girl tumble into the room , speak over each other . dashwood girl # 1 dashwood girl # 2 Father be you publishing / / what happen to the Little this ? woman ? dashwood girl # 3 tell I you have the rest of the book ! Close on Mr. dashwood as he realize what he have , what this story could be , this story that he , and the author , both think be boring ... int / ext . carriage ./ train station . night . 1869 . meg , Amy , and jo be all in the carriage , make top speed through the rain . they arrive at the train station . amy go ! find he ! jo run in the rain towards the beautifully light station and the music swell and the thunder clap and we CUT to : int . publishing house . new york CITY . day . 1870 . jo sit where she originally sit across from dashwood , but now she be more grow up , more together , more herself - dashwood frankly , I do not see why she do not marry the neighbor . jo think . jo shift . 117 . jo because the neighbor marry she sister ! dashwood right , of course . so , who do she marry ? jo no one . she do not marry either of they . dashwood no . no , no , no , that will not work at all . jo she say the whole book that she do not want to marry . dashwood who care ! Girls want to see woman married . not consistent . jo it be not the right end . dashwood the right end be the one that sell . dashwood pounce . dashwood ( cont 'd ) if you end you delightful book with you heroine a spinster , no one will buy it . it will not be worth printing . she consider . jo I suppose marriage have always be a economic proposition . even in fiction . dashwood it 's romance ! jo it 's mercenary . dashwood just end it that way , will you ? 118 . jo Fine . the present be now the past . or maybe fiction . ext . train . evening . 1869 . jo run from the carriage , out into the rain and into the crowd in front of the train station , look for friedrich . he 's not there , every face be not he . couple after couple stand under umbrella . she run into the station , and then turn around to go back out -- have she miss he ? just then : friedrich jo ! jo see friedrich , also stand under a umbrella , but alone . she run towards he . she feel she emotion rise , she start to cry , despite herself . friedrich ( cont 'd ) jo , why be you cry ? jo because -- because you be go away . friedrich I would never leave if you wish I to stay . jo I wish you would stay . friedrich but , but I have nothing to give you but my full heart and this empty hand . jo ( she put she hand in he , and step under the umbrella ) they be not empty now . they kiss one of that epic perfect kiss . the train arrive , and he do not get on it . bam . the present . int . publishing house . new york CITY . day . 1870 . back to negotiation . 119 . dashwood ( 0.s. ) I love it . it 's so romantic . '' you hand be not empty now . '' it make I emotional . he get a little teary . jo thanks . dashwood we can call the chapter '' under the umbrella . '' jo ( have to admit ) it 's good . dashwood perfect ! now there be the question of the contract ... I be prepare to give you 5 % of the royalty . jon so I get 5 % of the profit ? dashwood 5 % of the net profit . after I be - coup . jo what about a payment , upfront ? dashwood ( shaking he head ) I be take the risk in printing this book . jo yes , but , but it 's my book . dashwood if it work , then we ’1ll both make money . if not , then I will not go under . jo so I get nothing ? if it fail ? dashwood no , I ‘’1l give you $ 500 dollar right now to buy out the copyright . 120 . jo the copyright ? dashwood it 's the right for re-printing , that sort of thing , sequel , the character for other storey . jo might that be worth something ? dashwood well , again , only if it 's a success . jo I see . it seem like something I would want to own . dashwood do not you family need the money more immediately ? jo they do , which be why I want upfront payment . dashwood I ' 1l only pay for the copyright . a intense moment between they . her book hang in the balance . she lean forward , resolute . jo you keep you $ 500 , and I 'il keep the copyright , thank you . also , I want ten percent of royalty . dashwood five point five percent and that be very generous . jo nine percent . dashwood six percent -- and that 's it . jo if I be go to sell my heroine into marriage for money , I might as well get some of it . 121 . dashwood six point six percent . jo done. dashwood and you do not need to decide about the copyright now . jo I have decide . I want to own my own book . we fade down on this scene , and fade up on : fiction ( ? ) int . / ext . plumfield academy . day . 1871 . jo be supervise a great number of rambunctious girl and boy of all race and age . they be finish lesson for the day , and everyone run outside at full speed . jo make she way down the stair and be hand a homemade cake by one of the child . she kiss he on the head and continue through what she 's build . every inch of the school be cover with the student 's work , all of the former stuffiness be go . she 's in she heaven . int . printing house . day . 1871 . jo , captivate , watch type be set , each letter put into place , and one page after another press with she novel . fiction ( ? ) int . / ext . plumfield academy . day . 1871 . jo walk past friedrich 's classroom , all the student with they violin learn from he how to play . they smile at each other and she continue out . int . printing house . day . 1871 . each page be stack one on top of the other and the massive industrial sewing machine stitches the page together as jo observe . fiction ( ? ) ext . plumfield academy . day . 1871 . jo walk past Laurie give a fencing lesson ( while also hold he baby ) , Amy conduct a painting lesson , meg supervise child in a play rehearsal , John brooke ( he own child next to he ) lead a botany lesson ... they all join jo as she troupes down the lawn . 122 . int . printing house . day . 1871 . the excess of each page be slice off , make a satisfy sound , and make jo jump and laugh at she jumpiness . fiction ( ? ) ext . plumfield academy . day . 1871 . lead a procession of child and family behind she , and hold the cake , jo and the group arrive upon Father , teach the very young child the alphabet by have they body form the letter , and also marmee , who be have each child read aloud in they best dramatic read voice . int . publishing house . day . 1871 . the hard cover of the book be place over the page , the glue to hold it in place be so strong - smell as to make jo dizzy . fiction ( ? ) ext . plumfield academy . day . 1871 . jo present she mother with the cake , and all of they , Amy , meg , jo , Laurie , John , friedrich , Father , and the child , wish she a happy birthday . jo look around at the group , so happy she be able to be alive with they , so amaze . int . publishing house . day . 1871 . a man finish the book , and unceremoniously hand it to jo and get to work on the next one . the past , or maybe fiction , or maybe both . 1850s . Beth , meg , Amy and jo be very young girl , play in they attic , together again , if only in memory , or in the book . int . publishing house . day . 1871 . jo turn it over in she hand , touch it like the holy object it be , she inchoate desire make manifest . jo look up ... and see the future - CUT to black . credit .