little men written by ira sach &amp ; mauricio Zacharia shoot script : July 27 , 2015 1 int . upper west side school / classroom - day 1 loud conversation , laughter , sing , and even dance : the teacher be miss in a 7th grade classroom . this rare absence of authority be intensely enjoy by the crowd . it look like it 's party time for this kide . they talk and laugh , show each other photo on they phone , draw spaceship and baboon on they notebook , and fold piece of paper into airplane that fly around the room . in a corner , a group of girl dance to the tune of a song they be listen to on headphone . on the other side of the room , two boy play like in a sword fight , without sword . suddenly , someone turn out the light . there 's random shouting and laughter . a overhead projector be turn on , and a couple of the kid start to make puppet figure that be see on the white screen . a door open , and a voice be hear , grave and authoritative . mr. plummer ( o.s. ) what be go on here ?! the kid scramble back to they seat as the light go on . mr. plummer , the teacher , have come in . mr. plummer what be this mess ?? do not you promise I to be quiet ? can not I even leave you alone for five minute ?? lionel , sit down . sit down , I say ! Melissa , put you phone away . put it away right now ! I ask you to be quiet , and ... look at you . what a disappointment . Mr. plummer wander around the classroom , inspect everyone . each kid have a different reaction . some be frighten , other think it 's funny . some be respectful , and some other , defiant . the teacher stop by a desk that 's cover by a very colorful drawing , while the student rush to put away he large collection of caran d' ache pencil neatly in the box . mr. plummer ( cont 'd ) Jacob , what be this ? shoot script 07/27/15 2. jacob " jake " jardine be pale and slender , with straight black hair , a bit longer than the other kid , and deep brown eye - pretty in a delicate way , and shy , different from the other tougher boy in the class . jake it 's the sky , Mr. plummer . Mr. plummer pick up he draw and show it to the class . mr. plummer a green sky with yellow star ?? jake ( barely audible ) it 's Camp Jupiter 's sky . mr. plummer watch out , Jacob : Vincent van gogh end up cut off he own ear . some of the boy have a ball with this . Girls cover they mouth not to laugh out loud . Jake blushes , he eye fill up with quiet , angry tear ; he be not even talk to anyone , he be just draw , do he thing . life be so unfair . mr. plummer quiet !! I say quiet , everybody ! this be not a playroom . it 's not a art studio . much less a disco , Ms. neve . it 's a classroom . it be my classroom , and I ask you to be quiet . a simple request , and you show I you do not know how to behave yourselves . be I talk to the wall ? amanda , please collect everybody 's homework , and bring they to I . amanda , the teacher 's favorite , promptly go around the class collect homework . the individual student now listen intently to Mr. plummer 's speech . but there be exception ; one or two still defy he authority , swallow a laughter that cannot contain itself . mr. plummer ( o.s. ) if I have to leave the class , it be because I have something very important to do . I come back , and I see you scream and dance ! there 's a say , it 's a old say , that say : " silence be golden . " write this down , child . " ( more ) shoot script 07/27/15 3. mr. plummer ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) silence be golden but my eye still see . talk be cheap , people follow like sheep . " Mr. plummer write this up on the board . Jake , instead of write , furiously draw a wild dance cobra on he notebook . mr. plummer what do this mean ? amanda raise she hand , ready to give a answer . mr. plummer not now , amanda . I want you all to write down you thought on this : " silence be golden . " he underline " silence be golden " on the board . mr. plummer ( cont 'd ) every child be to write a essay on its meaning . two page minimum . that 's you homework for tomorrow . do not even come to the class if you have not do it ! now , let 's open we book . page 23 . lionel , start read from the top . stand up , please . stand up so we can all hear you . 2 ext . upper west side school - day 2 large group of kide be come out through the main gate of the school . pilar , a filipino woman in she 50' , wait outside look attentively at every kid who walk out . she see the one she 's look for . in the middle of different group and clique , Jake come walk alone . pilar Jake ! Jake ! hey , Jake ! here ! Jake see she , then run and give she a big hug , longer than expect . pilar hey hey hey . look at you . she ruffle he hair lovingly . shoot script 07/27/15 4. jake what happen ? pilar you parent be go to be come home very late tonight . come on . let 's go . they begin to walk together away from the school . jake I be thirsty . pilar we can stop by papaya King on the way home . jake yes ! 2a ext . upper west side STREET - day 2a Jake and pilar be walk . Jake now have a drink from papaya King in he hand . pilar listen , Jake . it 's you grandfather Max . there have be some ... development . jake some what ? pilar I mean , he get sick , and have to go to the hospital . jake sick with what ? pilar I be sure you parent will talk to you when they get home . but I be go to make dinner for you . what do you want ? he think for a moment . shoot script 07/27/15 5. jake I do not know . ( pause ) what happen to grandpa Max ? pilar when you be old , thing happen , Jake . c'mon , let 's make the light . we need to get to the grocery . they cross the street and continue on . 2b int . upper west side apartment / jake' room - day 2 B Jake be at he desk work on a draw . 3 int . upper west side apartment /kitchen &amp ; live room - day 3 a comfortable , but cramped , NYC apartment . in the kitchen , pilar be prepare a steaming pot of caldereta , filipino beef stew . a phone start ringing , and Jake storm out of he bedroom . pilar hey ! do you finish you homework ? Jake grab the phone . jake jardine residence , good evening . we hear the voice on the other end of the line . stu gershman ( o.s. ) ( over the phone ) good evening . and who be I talk to ? jake who be this ? stu gershman ( o.s. ) ( over the phone ) this be stu gershman , I be a old friend of Max jardine 's . be this Jacob ? jake yes . shoot script 07/27/15 6. stu gershman ( o.s. ) ( over the phone ) oh Jacob , last time I see you , you be a little baby . I guess you be all grow up now . jake umm ... stu gershman ( o.s. ) ( over the phone ) be you dad at home ? you mom ? jake no , they be not home yet . stu gershman ( o.s. ) ( over the phone ) oh well . I be call because ... I be very sorry to hear about you grandfather , Jacob . Max and I know each other for so long , we meet when we be about you age . you must be - what , ten now ? jake twelve . stu gershman ( o.s. ) he be such a dear old friend of mine , you granddaddy be . do you know when the service be go to be ? jake what service ? stu gershman ( o.s. ) ( over the phone ) the funeral . I imagine there 's go to be a service soon ? Jake pause to take this in - he have just learn that he grandfather have die . jake hold on a second . he go to the kitchen and give the phone to pilar . pilar who be it ? shoot script 07/27/15 7. jake I do not know . 4 ext . jardine house / casa do moda - day 4 leonor calvelli roll down the metal shutter of a brookly n storefront . a sign above read " casa do moda " . it 's the ground floor commercial space of a two -story row house on a commercial street in Brooklyn . she push down the last bit of the gate with she foot to lock it up . you can still go in and out through a door space that 's open . she light up a cigarette and lean on the gate , calmly surveying the street - a daily routine . leonor be in she early 50' , dark hair and dark eye , she beauty toughened up by a hard life . after a few puff , she hear a car parking in front , door open and close . leonor recognize someone , and throw she cigarette out . she open the door , and call inside the store . leonor Antonio ! Antonio ! tony ( o.s. ) what ?! leonor come ! come here !* *- throughout the film , italic will indicate when leonor , tony and other speak Spanish . she force a smile , greeting the still unknown visitor , then she turn to inside and call again , impatiently . leonor Antonio !! 5 ext . jardine house / casa do moda - day 5 across the street from leonor , Jake be help he parent brian and kathy jardine get plate of food wrap in cellophane and other catering goods from out of the car . the couple , dress in formal dark clothes , have the youthful look of people who can afford to take a nice vacation once a year . Jake see when ANTONIO " tony " calvelli , a handsome 13 year old boy with dark hair and eye , come run out from inside the store , and stop next to leonor . shoot script 07/27/15 8. leonor what be you do ?? if I say `come here ' , you have to come . give they a hand . go. but tony do not move , unsure of what to do . he look at Jake , who be look at he . Brian drop a plate in Jake 's hand and go towards leonor , with a extend hand . brian hello Mrs. calvelli . Brian jardine , we have meet . leonor of course , Brian . I be so sad for what have happen . I be so sorry . Jake see when leonor , suddenly overtaken by emotion , grab he father 's hand and pull he closer for a hug , which make Brian visibly uncomfortable . leonor try to hide she tear . leonor I be sorry . you father be a such a wonderful man . brian thank you . leonor he really be , you know . brian I know . leonor this be my son Antonio . Kathy approach , carry a plate of food . brian I do not think you have meet my wife Kathy . leonor hi. Nice to meet you . leonor . Kathy smile warmly , as Brian open the door to the house . kathy so nice to meet you too . sorry , my hand be full . shoot script 07/27/15 9. brian we be have a little reception upstairs . just family and a few friend . leonor of course . Brian and Kathy go upstairs with they bag . Left alone by the car , Jake try to grab a sketchbook from inside as he balance the big plate of food with he other hand and then , a bit clumsy , end up drop the bag . tony be suddenly there to help he out . he kneel down to pick up page with drawing , pencil and stuff spilling out of the bag , immediately recognize the first draw he see - a girl with red wing fly through a thundercloud . tony ella the harpy ! jake can you hand that to I ? tony she 's a nerd , but I have a thing for redhead ... do not you ? jake here , pass I that . I can carry it . in the distance , leonor watch , while tony help by pull another set of plate and bottle out of the car , organize a crate to be carry off . tony tyson be such a douchebag . jake not in the end , he 's not . I just finish the blood of Olympus . tony I have the game , wanna play ? jake now ? I would like to , but ... I can not . it 's my grandfather 's -- tony I know . I never know what to say in this situation . shoot script 07/27/15 10 . jake I think you be suppose to say , " I be sorry for you loss . " tony that 's right ! I be sorry for you loss . jake oh , that 's okay . tony find one last draw that be leave on the floor in the car . tony wait a minute : what 's this one here ? jake it 's the sky . tony do you make this ?? jake yeah , it 's the sky above Camp Jupiter , the day of the battle . tony you be a real artist ! jake not really . tony of course you be . this be awesome ! you know you will really like this neighborhood . jake we do not live here . it 's just a reception . tony it 's become a very bohemian area . you know what bohemian mean ? jake yeah ... tony very artistic . shoot script 07/27/15 11. brian ( o.s. ) get it , son ? Brian be back by the car to pick up the stuff . brian you okay with that , Antonio ? tony you can call I tony . brian well thank you , tony . I appreciate the help . the two boy follow Brian towards the house , the three of they carry plate and bag . 6 int . jardine apartment / family area - dusk 6 the apartment be old and in desperate need of a paint job . it 's a large space , cramme with the stuff of a long life . there be family photo , pile of National geographic magazine next to fade velvety couch and solid furniture . a small , vintage color tv sit alone in the corner . there 's a quiet reception go on , with most people wear black , or dark color , and talk softly to each other . amongst the mostly older friend and relative of the decease be Brian 's sister audrey and she husband jame , and they teenage son , liam , dress in a suit . they be sit on a couch next to Brian , leaf through a photo album . brian let I see . that be we first year in the house . look ; I still have brace . audrey dad look so young here . brian he be a handsome guy . audrey listen to you . brian what ? audrey you look just like he , and you know it . can I have this ? please ? shoot script 07/27/15 12. brian yes . I will let you have the photo if ... Brian pick up a book on the table . brian ... you let I have the first edition of the velveteen rabbit . audrey now , wait a minute . 6a int . jardine apartment / kitchen - day 6a in the kitchen , kathy be re-furbish a tray of pastry with new one from a box from a italian bakery . pilar be beside she , cut fruit for a pitcher of punch . 6b int . jardine apartment / family area - day 6 B Jake be sip some juice , like a cocktail , and look at the art on the wall : a couple of oil painting of parisian street in the wintertime of dubious quality do not arouse much interest , and he end up in front of a vintage movie poster on the wall , with ahead of its time 60 graphic - probably the best piece of art in the apartment . brian ( o.s. ) Jake , come here . Jake go to see he father , who 's stand next to stu gershman , a well dress gentleman in he 70' . brian do you remember grandpa 's friend stu gershman ? jake I do not know . stu gershman look at you , all grow up now . how 's school ? jake okay . stu gershman so , what kind of sport do you like to play ? shoot script 07/27/15 13. Jake do not play any sport , and it 's probably a point of contention between father and son , give the sudden uncomfortable moment of silence . brian he like to draw and paint . Jake blushes . stu gershman so you would like to be a illustrator when you grow up ? jake I do not know . stu gershman well , come here . come here . he pull Jake in uncomfortably tight . stu gershman I want to tell you a few thing about you grandfather , Jake : he like to play ball but be a horrible pitcher ; he hate summer but go nut see the lady walk by in mini-skirt ; and he be the most loyal friend you could have . loyalty be he great quality . brian aww ... thanks , stu. do you hear that , Jake ? Jake be save from stu by a knock on the door . he run to open it , and there she be : leonor hold a beautiful cake . Kathy , who also hear the knock , come to see what 's go on . leonor it 's a dessert we make for special occasion in my country . she hand the cake to Kathy . leonor I hope you like it . Jake watch everything . kathy oh my God . you do not have to . shoot script 07/27/15 14 . leonor Max love this cake , so I think .... kathy come in . you should come in . leonor it 's okay . kathy please . I insist . leonor no , I just want to bring the cake . kathy sorry if we do not say anything earlier . Brian and I ... we be both very tired . it 's all be so fast . leonor it 's okay . I still have some paperwork to do at the store . kathy thank you so much for this . it 's very kind of you . thank you . leonor leave , and Jake shut the door . Kathy be leave with the beautiful cake on she hand . she look across the room and see Brian , in the middle of a crowd , hold court , be a good actor . 7 int . jardine house / stairwell - night 7 Brian walk down the interior stair of the house , carry a heavy bag full of trash . at the bottom of the stair , he turn and walk down the dark corridor that lead to the backyard . he find the large metal trash container , and throw the bag in . alone for the first time all day , Brian be overtaken by memory and allow himself a good cry . 8 int . casting office - day 8 Brian be sit at a table in a bare room , speak in a strong italian - american Brooklyn accent . shoot script 07/27/15 15 . brian I swear B , I be surprised at you . I sit there wait for you to wake up , but everything 's great with you . we see he be hold a script , next to suzanne , a famous actress , who 's also with a script in she hand . they be read from Arthur Miller 's a View from the Bridge . Brian be read the role of " Eddie " as Suzanne play he wife , " beatrice " . a operator tape Brian 's performance with a video camera on a tripod . suzanne no , everything be not great with I . brian no ? suzanne no . but I get other worry . brian why ? what other worry you get ? suzanne when be I gonna be a wife again , Eddie ? brian I be not be feel good . they bother I since they come . suzanne it 's almost three month you do not feel good . it 's three month , Eddie . brian I do not know , B . I do not want to talk about it . suzanne Nice ! okay . Suzanne smile at Brian , already out of character . but Brian really would love to keep go . brian you go " you do not like I , heh ? " shoot script 07/27/15 16 . Suzanne look for help from the audience , gently cut Brian off . deborah ( o.s. ) that 's good , jardine . the casting director , deborah , sit with script and list under a read light , and a male assistant next to she . a director a producer , and a producer's assistant sit next to he . suzanne ( to the director ) yeah , I need a break . deborah take a break , Suzanne . Suzanne smile again at Brian , and come close to kiss he goodbye . suzanne I be starve . I have be here since ten . brian of course . suzanne how 's Kathy ? brian she 's good . suzanne and you son ? brian Jake . he 's great . he 's in seventh grade already . suzanne oh my God , I remember he run around backstage at the lortel , when we do ... brian Dark rapture ? suzanne yes ! how old be he ? brian two . Three , maybe . shoot script 07/27/15 17 . suzanne time fly by . brian it really do . suzanne well , it be great to see you . brian great to see you also , Suzanne . maybe we will see each other again soon . suzanne I hope so . ( to the audience ) Jamie ? do you have lunch for I ? 9 ext . casting office - day 9 roger , Brian 's agent , be stand outside the theater , texting on he phone . Brian come out , and they begin to walk . brian she fuck hate I . roger she do not hate you . brian ever since b.u . she drop out - I stay and graduate . every time we have see each other since then , she always try to prove that she 's better than I . roger you be paranoid . you do okay there . brian do I ? roger yes . but it 's true that she will have a say in who 's cast as she husband . brian I be tell you . she do not like I . I be in a slump , Roger . you need to help I here . shoot script 07/27/15 18. roger listen , maybe Broadway be not the right way to go for you right now . brian I think that be the strategy . roger why do not we go have some coffee ? you have option . there be a bunch of thing that could pan out . let I just finish this . Roger go back to he texting . 10 int . jardine apartment - day 10 the apartment have be completely redone . the old furniture be out , more modern - if use - furniture be in . there 's less stuff , so it look more spacious . there be new appliance in the kitchen , and some of the art from Brian and Kathy 's old Manhattan apartment now hang on the wall , which have be newly paint with fresh color . Brian , Kathy and Jake have move in , and it look really nice . there be still pile of plate and pan to be put away , and a few box on the floor by the kitchen . pilar be take stuff out of one of they . plates and trays and thing wrap individually in bubble wrap and newspaper . Kathy unwrap they and look for place in the kitchen cabinet to put they away . while she 's put they away , pilar unwrap a beautiful crystal serve plate . pilar I do not remember this . Kathy take a look at it , try to remember where it come from . kathy oh my God . we take it home . 11 int . casa do moda / store - day 11 the store have woman 's clothes on display on simple rack , with a few choose piece show on a large table . it 's a old - fashioned store ; the ambiance be simple and unsophisticate . bianca , a salesgirl , be show a dress with floral pattern to a customer as Kathy come in , carry the crystal plate . shoot script 07/27/15 19 . she be go to say hello to the salesgirl , but do not want to interrupt and go directly towards leonor , who be in the back of the store behind a sewing machine , fix the collar of a shirt . kathy leonor . leonor hi Kathy . the boy be in my office , in the back . kathy no , no . look what I just find . leonor it 's my plate . kathy I think that night we just end up take everything back to we apartment . and then we put thing away , and I forget . I be so sorry . leonor no worry ! please . kathy it 's a beautiful plate . she take it from Kathy 's hand . leonor be you not work today ? kathy I do not see patient on Monday . I need a day a week to organize my life , you know . leonor good for you . kathy the store look cute . leonor huh ... we be not do so well . kathy I like that dress over there . the one with the floral pattern . shoot script 07/27/15 20 . leonor I love that one . you should try it on . kathy I have to go back - leonor oh , c'mon . it will take a minute . 12 int . casa do moda / store - day 12 Kathy pull open the curtain wear the floral dress , and show it to leonor , who 's wait outside . leonor perfection . Kathy walk towards the mirror wear the floral dress . kathy be you sure ? I do not know . leonor come with expert hand and pull a pinch on the shoulder strap . leonor it look great . all you need be a little fix up here , maybe a tiny bit tighter here on the waist . but the dress be beautiful . kathy how much be it ? leonor whatever the price , I will give you ten percent discount . let I see . leonor look for a tag around the cuff . kathy do you make this ? leonor no . not this one . but everything here be handmade by the designer . this one be two hundred and fifty . it 's make by a woman name talita - she 's from colombia , and very talented . they probably do it in they kitchen , you know what I mean ? they be not famous . yet . shoot script 07/27/15 21. 13 int . casa do moda / office - day 13 there 's a video game on the tv . monster and battle , and sound effect . and sit in front of the tv set , take it all in , be Jake and tony . it 's a small space in the back of the store that have be turn into a office - just a simple desk , a tv , a chair and a couch in the corner . Kathy come in , dress in the floral pattern dress . leonor be right behind she . kathy guy , what do you think ? the boy do not move a inch , they attention 100 % on the tv screen . kathy Jake ? Jake , what be we deal ? she turn to leonor . kathy they be like zomby when they start play this game . jake ( eye still on the screen ) Mom . I be on vacation ! kathy so ? jake dad say it be okay . kathy we have this rule in the house ; no game during the week . and no internet before five either . leonor but during vacation they have all this free time , and what be you go to do ? tony shhh ! quiet !! leonor Antonio ! watch you tone of voice , por favor ! ( more ) shoot script 07/27/15 22. leonor ( cont 'd ) ( back to Kathy ) when he 's play this stuff - I know it 's not so good , but at least he 's around , and I know where to find he . tony pause the game . tony ( polite ) Mrs. jardine . maybe you will let we finish this level , please ? leonor that 's better . kathy sure , you can finish . but first you have to tell I : what do you think ? the dress ? tony great . I actually think it be yours . kathy Jake ? jake Love it . Love the flower . the boy will say anything to get rid of they mom , so they can continue to play they game . 14 int . jardine apartment / jake' bedroom - night 14 on the wall of Jake 's new bedroom be the vintage movie poster that use to belong to he grandfather . the room be paint in bright color , with a small bed , a small desk - a young man 's cocoon . Jake be on he bed , a sketch pad on he lap and he caran d' ache pencil next to he . the door open . Brian come in . brian why do not you come help I prepare dinner ? jake where 's Mom ? shoot script 07/27/15 23. brian you mother have a emergency with a patient . she 's go to be late tonight . jake another suicide ? brian Jake ! 15 int . jardine apartment / kitchen - night 15 Brian wash green for the salad , as Jake enter . jake dad , I can not find my drawing . brian what drawing ? help I cut this . Brian hand Jake vegetable from the sink . jake the series I make on percy Jackson . the sea of monster ? brian that old drawing ? Jake start cut vegetable julienne style , very carefully . jake yes . brian do you look in the trunk ? jake yes , dad . I look . they be not there . brian I do not know , Jake . maybe they get throw away . jake why would you do that ? they be my drawing ! brian why do not you just make new one . shoot script 07/27/15 24 . jake New one be never like the old one ! Jake wish he could strangle he dad right now . he 's truly upset . brian Jake . we move . we get rid of furniture . we throw away clothes , and we give book away . we have a new apartment . jake so ? brian listen . let I tell you something . it 's good to get rid of stuff . it 's hard at first , but then it feel really good . you have to learn to let go . Jake keep cut the vegetable . he 's so angry , it 's hard not to chop the zucchini into a million piece .... 16 int . jardine apartment / family area - night 16 Brian and Jake be have dinner . brian I play trigorin . he 's a celebrate writer , and the boyfriend of a famous actress , arkadina . jake why the weird name ? brian can I finish ? her son konstantin be a aspire writer who life with he uncle sorin in this dacha , where they all come together one summer to see he new play . jake finish ? brian that 's just the beginning , actually . shoot script 07/27/15 25 . jake what 's a dacha ? brian a dacha be like a big country estate in Russia . that 's where the whole thing take place , and that 's why the funny name . there 's also Nina . she 's the neighbor 's daughter , who want to be a actress . at first she seem to be in love with konstantin but end up have a affair with my character , trigorin . jake sound complicated . brian well , it be complex . and unexpected . but it have a lot of humor in it too . jake what part ? the door open , and Kathy come in from work . kathy good . you guy be already eat . jake hi Mom . brian how be it ? Kathy drop she bag on a chair and go to wash she hand before come to join they at the table . kathy Fine . she 's do okay . the problem now be she husband . 16a int . jardine apartment / bathroom - night 16a Kathy be wash she hand in the sink . kathy but the last thing I want to do right now be talk about work . I be starve . shoot script 07/27/15 26. 16b int . jardine apartment / family area - night 16b they be already have entree , but the salad bowl be still on the table . brian I be just tell Jake about the play . jake I think you be not work with the terrain anymore . I think you be go to do Broadway now . Kathy join they and help herself to a big plate . brian it 's not that simple . jake you say you be not do this non - profit stuff anymore . that the strategy be to reach " a wider audience " . brian well , thing have change . kathy Jake , you should applaud you father for be adaptable . that 's what life be all about . Kathy 's wear out . it 's be a long day . 17 ext . herbert von king park - day 17 a tree-filled park in the middle of a quiet brookly n neighborhood . on a grassy lawn , a group of boy , 12 to 15 year old , be kick a soccer ball into a goal . two captain , umar and joey , be choose one by one to form two team . tony rush by on he scooter , fast . he avoid bump - he know the area by heart . as he approach the group of boy , one of the boy try to stop he . umar tony ! hey ! come play ! we need one more here ! shoot script 07/27/15 27 . but tony do not stop , and now come Jake behind on he roller blade , try to catch up . he 's surprised by a bump on the road , make a false move , and almost fall . joey oops ! watch out , Katy perry ! all the boy laugh . Jake be upset but keep go , pretend he do not hear anything . 17a int . jardine house / stairwell - day 17a the boy enter the foyer of a old NYC tenement apartment building . tony carry he scooter , while Jake try to take off he blade as fast as he can . they clomp up several flight . 18 int . leonor' apartment - day 18 a old apartment , functional and in need of paint job . modest furniture dominate the space , but there be a couple of eye catch art piece ; a large modernist painting and a strike sculpture . in a corner , there 's a large bookshelf fill with book , but one corner have be turn into a bar with a few different type of glass , and various liquor bottle . leonor be in the live room prepare a drink next to hernàn alonso , Latin , early 60' , dress in a suit and tie . he stand close to leonor , and lean over to help she with the drink . at this very moment , Jake and tony burst in through the door . tony ( out of breath ) eight minute and twenty three second ! he throw he scooter on the floor and run to the kitchen . Jake stay by the door , polite , wait to greet the elder , roller blade in hand . leonor hey ! hey ! hey ! tony ( look at he cellphone ) a new record ! around the block and up the stair in eight minute and twenty three second ! shoot script 07/27/15 28. leonor wow , I think you should call the guinness Book . tony that 's a great idea ! I will write they a email . tony grab a glass and open the refrigerator to get some water . jake good evening , Mrs. calvelli . leonor hi Jake . ( to she son ) you have not say hello , mister ! tony hello hernàn . this be my friend Jacob jardine . but we call he Jake . hernàn hello there , Jake . tony he use to live in Manhattan , but now he life above mami 's store . Jake , this be hernàn . he finish he glass of water , and run to he room . Jake stay alone with the adult . hernàn ah ! so you be the grandson - leonor ( cut he off ) yes . Max be he grandfather . his father be Brian jardine , the one that I tell you about . jake my father 's a actor . and my mom be a psychotherapist . hernàn I see . so how do you like Brooklyn so far ? shoot script 07/27/15 29 . jake I like it a lot . it 's more peaceful than Manhattan , and we have much more space . it 's great . hernàn so Jake , be you go to be a actor , like you father ? jake I do not know . hernàn but you look like a artist yourself . with that long hair and everything . jake maybe . this conversation be get too deep for Jake . leonor see that he 's uncomfortable , and help he out . leonor he will tell we more later , right Jake ? go ahead . Jake run inside tony 's room . 19 int . leonor' apartment / tony's room - day 19 tony 's room be typical teenager with a small bed , a desk with computer and poster of music and movie . tony 's on the bed , lose in think . he 's clearly be listen in on the conversation in the other room . tony be you father any good at act ? jake I do not know . maybe . tony I think if he be , I might have a conversation with he , cause I be go to be a actor when I grow up . maybe he can give I some pointer . jake sure , yeah . I guess . he 's not that successful or anything . shoot script 07/27/15 30 . tony jump off he bed and pull open the drawer of he desk . tony my dream be to go to the LaGuardia High School for the perform Arts ? you know that school ? Nicki minaj go there . and Al pacino , but heflunk out . jake I think my dad apply there . tony really ? it 's my dream school . I be look around at some theater class , and practice on my own , so I can audition next year for ninth grade . he pull out a stack of play from he drawer . tony ( cont 'd ) this be some of the script I be work on . I be go to need to practice a lot , and sometimes I might need a partner , okay ? jake but I be not a actor . tony that 's okay . you can read , can not you ? here look at this . this be a scene from pariah , or the outcast , by August strindberg . it 's perfect for we to work on , cause it 's just two guy . Jake take the book tentatively , and flip through it . tony and you know what , if you practice you draw more , and get better , maybe we could both go to LaGuardia . it 's for all kind of artist . it 's very bohemian . Jake put the script down , uncommitted . jake I guess I can try . shoot script 07/27/15 31 . tony that 's the spirit . jake be hernàn you mom 's boyfriend ? tony hernàn ? eww , gross . no . he 's just a friend of she 's from chile . my mom be still marry to my dad . they just do not live together much . jake I do not understand . tony I either ! my dad travel a lot , so they be never together . he 's a nurse , and he work for doctor without Borders , which be from what I can tell a job you get if you want free plane flight . jake where be he now ? tony he 's in angola . that 's in Africa . until he be 20 he never leave this neighborhood , and then once he leave he barely ever come back . if I be not here I do not think he would ever come back to Brooklyn . tony jump up and go to he desk . tony look what he send I . he pull a box from a shelf , full of book and CD and stuff . jake do you miss have he around more ? tony at first I do . but it 's be a few year now , so I get use to it . jake sometimes my dad go away , if he 's shoot a movie . but it have not really happen in a while . shoot script 07/27/15 32. tony maybe he 's not the guy I should talk to . jake I do not know . he 's be in a bunch of play and stuff . tony be still look ... and he finally find it . tony found it ! he pick up a big book and drop it in tony 's lap . tony my dad and I be go to go on a safari , and this be just like some of the animal we be go to see . Jake look through picture of African savannah and animal . jake do you wish they still live together ? tony sometimes . when my dad come to visit , he will cook porcheta . it 's like roast pork butt . jake ewww . tony ( matter of fact ) it 's good . ( pause ) we sit at the table just the three of we , and he tell storey about he work and the place he 's be , and storey about the different people he 's meet in Africa . then it seem like normal . but then , pretty soon they start fight about something stupid . and I realize it 's better when he 's not around . jake imagine if you mom go with you on you safari , and they end up fall in love again . shoot script 07/27/15 33. tony I think there 's very little chance of that happen . jake but just imagine : you get a envelope one day . you open it and it 's two ticket to a safari . one for you , and one for you mom . and she decide to go , because she feel like she need a vacation . so when you get to Africa , you dad pick you both up at the airport , and take you to this incredible place . like this photo here . you see lion and elephant , giraffe . and then , it 's the end of a beautiful day in the African savannah . you dad want to take you up this big hill to see the sunset , but you be too tired , so you tell you parent you be go to rest in you hotel room . tony so they go the two of they alone . and when they get there , the color of the sky be like nothing they have ever see before ... jake a green sky with yellow star ... the door open , with leonor in a apron and a wooden spoon in hand . leonor who want pasta primavera ? jake yes ! Jake jump up and go out run . tony stay in for a moment , imagine ... 20 ext . jardine house / backyard - day 20 Jake and tony and audrey 's son liam be kick a soccer ball and run around the freshly cut grass and new plant - the yard have visibly improve since the old day , and the swing set have be remove . Brian prepare a grill , talk with he sister audrey . shoot script 07/27/15 34 . 20a int . jardine house / stairwell - day 20a tony and Jake come in from outside and run down the hall . 21 int . casa do moda / office - day 21 leonor be sit at she desk go through the store receipt and expense with a calculator , take note on a notebook , and enter info in the computer . she be not happy do this kind of work , the number make she frustrated . leonor go through the same papers one more time , be - enter the same number in the calculator when tony and Jake storm into the office . tony mami , can I stay for dinner with the jardine 's ? leonor tony ... tony please mami . they be have hamburger . jake and hot dog . leonor we have dinner at home . besides , I can not come and pick you up later . and I do not like you walk home alone at night . jake he can sleep over . leonor ( to Jake ) have you talk to you father about this ? jake he will not mind . leonor be you sure ? tony please , mami . shoot script 07/27/15 35 . 22 ext . jardine house / backyard - day 22 Brian and audrey , hold chill glass of white wine , continue they conversation around the grill , when Jake come run and interrupt . jake dad ! brian yes , Jake ? jake can tony sleep over tonight ? Brian now see leonor and tony approach also . brian well , hello leonor . leonor sorry to interrupt , Brian . brian no , please , you be not ... you have meet my sister audrey , have not you ? leonor yes , of course . audrey hi leonor . Long time no see . leonor Jake be ask if tony can stay for dinner - jake and a sleep -over ! leonor yes , because after dinner it would be too late for he to walk home alone . brian tony , do you want to have hamburger and hot dog with we tonight ? tony yes ! shoot script 07/27/15 36 . brian done deal , bro . he shake hand with tony . tony and Jake go run to play in the grass . leonor ( to Brian ) I just want to make sure with you ... brian please . I can not tell you how happy I be that Jake have a new friend . he spend too much time alone . and it 's not easy for he with other boy . so it 's great that he and tony get along so well . leonor do not respond . brian you have get a great kid , but I guess you know that . leonor thank you . audrey leonor , do you want some wine ? leonor consider for a moment . audrey Brian and I want to have a talk with you anyway , about some thing , so maybe this be a good time . leonor no , thank you . I have to go back and finish some stuff at the office . audrey we would love a minute with you if that 's ok . right , Brian ? the kid fall on the grass run after the ball . audrey liam , watch out ! you cousin be smaller than you ! shoot script 07/27/15 37 . leonor I have to go . but thank you . brian you know , leonor , after my father die , there be so much to do . we decide to move in , and time just fly by . you and I have not really have a chance to talk about the store , and all that stuff . maybe we can have a chat this week ? leonor this week be not good for I . I be do inventory . brian next week ? leonor could be . Brian get he iphone out , check he calendar . brian Thursday I finish rehearsal early , so I could come by early afternoon . leonor sure . brian great . 23 ext . jardine house / backyard - night 23 dinner be serve . there be garden light , flower on the table , chill wine . Kathy have join they , in she usual work clothes , as have James , audrey 's husband . audrey Truth be , the neighborhood be change and that 's a very old - fashioned store . brian c'mon guy ! the burger be get cold . kathy she complain to I that business be not so good . shoot script 07/27/15 38. Jake and tony approach the table . the adult continue they conversation in a hushed tone , once the boy be at the table . brian of course she 's go to say that . Contract be up . audrey my guy tell I that a similar space in the area be go for five thousand . kathy what ?? jake can I have mine with cheese , mustard and ketchup , please ? kathy that 's crazy . brian guest first . what do you want on yours , tony ? tony cheese , onion , avocado . and ketchup , please . audrey that 's in the low number . tony and mayonnaise . kathy scary . brian Jake , have some salad also . jake I will have some afterwards . brian tony , salad ? tony no thank you , Mr. J. be that alright if I call you that ? shoot script 07/27/15 39 . kathy and what be the number now ? brian sure , tony . that 's fine . audrey one something . for eight year , never a increase . brian maybe we should talk about this later ? Kathy agree , shaking she head . kathy so tony , I hear you dad life in Africa . tony in angola . it 's a old portuguese colony in Africa . I write a paper on it last year at school , and get a B plus , which be pretty good , cause I only spend about a hour on it . sometimes at my school the teacher be whack cause they give you good grade for the thing you do not try hard on , and bad grade for the thing you do . everyone be enjoy tony , who be make himself very comfortable . tony can you pass the ketchup , Mr. j? I have always like a lot of ketchup . the big family , eat dinner in the garden , under the hang light . 23a int . jardine house / stairwell 23a the boy come racing down the interior stairwell of the building , skate and scooter in hand . 24 omitted 24 shoot script 07/27/15 40 . 24a ext . jardine house / casa do moda - day 24a Wide shot of house as Jake finish put on he skate , and then follow tony on he scooter down the sidewalk . 25 ext . brooklyn STREET - day 25 the boy roll down the sidewalk of a busy Brooklyn shopping street . they cross a busy intersection . Jake trip on a bump , nearly fall , but catch himself in time . 26 int . acting out talent academy / lobby - day 26 tony and Jake come in , sweaty and out of breath , look around , not sure of where to go . a receptionist , linda , sit at a table full of flier and a computer . linda hi , can I help you guy ? tony we be here for the act class . linda we have quite a few . do you mean the breakthrough class ? tony yes . that one . linda well , it 's twenty dollar for the first class . but you can buy a package of twenty class for three hundred . tony ( to Jake ) get cash , buddy ? Jake and tony empty they pocket . tony count all they money together . there 's ten dollar between they . Jake find one more . eleven . tony oops , sorry . hmm . what 's you name ? shoot script 07/27/15 41. linda my name be Linda . what 's yours ? tony tony . and this be my friend Jake . linda hi guy . tony what be you sign ? linda my sign ? tony of the zodiac . but no . let I guess . linda go ahead . tony you be a leo. linda how do you know ?? tony leos be very confident . you seem very sure of yourself . linda wow . I be impressed . tony Linda , I be go to be honest with you . my friend and I hear this place be the best act school in the area , and we would love to check it out . to see if we want to make the investment . can you make we a discount ? linda like I tell you . if you buy a package of twenty , you get a discount . tony they also say leos be very generous . shoot script 07/27/15 42. linda come down to fifteen buck a class . tony well maybe you can help with something else . linda sure . tony maybe you can give I some direction ? linda where to ? tony to you heart . the receptionist be take by surprise by the flirtatious joke . she laugh . linda you be too much . go in . but only this time . and do not tell anyone . tony and Jake start past she , towards the classroom . tony thank you , Linda . you will not regret it ! linda ( call out ) down the hall to the last door on the right . 27 int . acting out talent academy / classroom - day 27 two girl , julia ( 14 ) and sally ( 13 ) , be stand face each other in the middle of the room , surround by a dozen more kid sit in chair , Jake and tony , and eva ( also 14 ) among they . there be a moment of silence , and then the acting teacher start to talk . acting teacher the first thing be to really look at somebody , and just talk and listen , listen and talk . ( more ) shoot script 07/27/15 43. acting teacher ( cont 'd ) not to act . the genesis of act be see . yes ? that 's the first thing . the raw material of all act be see , observe , understanding what make behavior . I would say pay attention ! so when we start do the repetition exercise , that person do it to you ; you just react . whereas a lot of actor make it happen . yes ? but that 's not act . that 's push , whereas you should just be relaxed . the kid be listen , intently , take it in . acting teacher do that make sense ? no one answer . acting teacher okay , let 's begin . Julia look at Sally . Sally return the look . julia you be wear a pretty shirt . sally I be wear a pretty shirt . julia you be wear a pretty shirt . sally do you like my shirt ? the teacher interrupt , abruptly . acting teacher no ! no question . observation . let 's start again . pause as the girl re-group . sally you have a little nose . the other kid laugh . acting teacher quiet ! concentrate . shoot script 07/27/15 44 . sally you have a little nose . julia I have a little nose . sally you have a little nose . julia alright , I have a little nose . sally you have a little nose . julia I have a little nose . sally you seem a little bother . julia I seem a little bother . sally yes . you seem a little bother . julia you be get a kick out of that . sally I be get a kick out of that . julia well do not get offended . sally I be not get offended . julia you be act like a baby . sally I be act like a baby . acting teacher ok. ok. stop . that be okay . it could be better . yes ? back to you seat . he turn and look at Jake . acting teacher you . look at I . do not move . shoot script 07/27/15 45 . Jake squirm , as if he 's be catch . acting teacher stand up . Jake reluctantly stand . acting teacher we have get to keep the contact . we have get to keep the repetition . the contact come from my behavior . not just what I say , but what I do . Jake look for help from tony . acting teacher look at I . now tell I something you observe on you way here today . jake I almost fall . laughter from the other kid . acting teacher you almost fall . jake I almost fall crossing the Parkway . acting teacher ( to the class ) you see he do not do it . what be I say ? jake I be sorry I do not understand . acting teacher you do not need to understand . acting be not understanding . it 's feel . it 's reacting . do that make sense ? look at I . listen to I . Jake look at he intently , try to do the right thing . acting teacher what do I say without word ? what do my behavior say ? now say it again . shoot script 07/27/15 46 . jake I be sorry , say what again ? acting teacher that you fall . jake you want I to say again that I fall ? acting teacher yes . jake with word ? acting teacher yes , with word ! jake I almost fall on my way to class today . acting teacher you fall on you way to class today . jake I almost fall on my way to class today . acting teacher you fall on you way to class today . jake you be not listen to I . acting teacher I be not listen to you . jake you be not listen to I . Jake be get more and more upset . emotional . acting teacher I be not listen . jake you be not listen . acting teacher I be not listen . shoot script 07/27/15 47 . jake ( on the verge of cry ) you be not listen . acting teacher good ! that 's it . good . do you all see the difference ? yes ? tony be smile , beam . he 's in he element . 28 ext . herbert von king park / amphitheater - day 28 the group of guy and girl see inside the act school be now hang out in the amphitheater of a City Park . Jake and tony , be among they - the youngest in the group . tony hey , I know you from St. Grace , right ? julia yeah , I use to go there . I go to humanity prep now , in Manhattan . tony oh , la di da . eva we all go to St. Grace . there be some crazy people in that school . Julia , you remember Mr. clay ? julia how could I forget Mr. clay ? that hair ! she imitate with she hand . julia Three hair come from the bottom in the back and somehow they end spread like a wig in front . do he still do it ? tony yeah . only difference be now that he 's older , he do it with two hair , instead of three . shoot script 07/27/15 48. they laugh . the older kid be warming up to tony . eva I never even notice he hair . julia how could you not ? eva Mr. clay be the first love of my life . I be completely obsessed with he . all eeeewwww !!! eva I use to fantasize about kissing he all the time . julia Gross ! laughter . tony laugh the loudest . eva do you ever see he body ? hello ?? he use to play volleyball with we . in the summer he would take he shirt off . he be as hairy as a ape . I love it . everybody be laugh together , but Jake , who 's not quite fitting in . julia so Jake , you be pretty good in class today . that be a tough exercise . she make he a little nervous . jake I do not know . tony Jake 's go to be a artist when he grow up . sally be you ? what 's you medium ? shoot script 07/27/15 49 . jake I paint , but you need to have something special to be a painter , and I be not so sure I have get it . tony you just need to believe in yourself a little bit . that 's all . ( to the girl ) my friend have a little problem with he confidence . but we be work on that . right , Jake ? he wink at Jake , as the girl look on . tony hey , who want to do the repeat game with I ? I need to practice . sally ( take the bait ) who want to do the repeat game with I ? tony ( imitate the teacher ) no question !! tony run on to the stage of the ampitheater , and begin to imitate the teacher . eva no question !! tony look at I ! listen to I ! acting be not understanding ! you do not need to understand . do that make sense ? yes ? yes ? yes ? Julia , Jake and the rest of the kid be watch , amused . 29 ext . ST . grace's school / sport field - day 29 the sport field at St. Grace 's Catholic School , where tony and he soccer group -- include umar and joey -- be play soccer . they be serious about they game , concentrate , run around , sweat and fight for the ball . tony be the goalie . shoot script 07/27/15 50 . 30 int . ST . grace's school / cafeteria - day 30 the school cafeteria at lunch time , fill with hungry boy and girl sit in common table , share a meal . all the kide be in school uniform . we soccer boy , accompany by a couple of popular girl , include lizzie , the most popular , form a line by the food counter , get some food . tony hey umar , you should try that thing that the brazilian do , felipe melo . you look to one player but you pass the ball to the other side . umar we could try it if you play with we more often . tony I do not know what you be talk about . they head to the table with they trays . umar you do not show up last Saturday . joey it 's because tony have a new boyfriend now ! the boy whistle and scream , teasingly , and the girl laugh too . tony blushes , angry . tony yeah , ask you sister if she think I be the type to have a boyfriend . she know . oohss ! and laughter from some other boy . joey my cousin Allen go to 321 . tony so what ? joey that 's he school , be not it ? shoot script 07/27/15 51 . tony what be you talk about ? umar roller girl . joey Little Jake . my cousin go to he school . they say he 's a weirdo . tony shut up , joey ! joey my cousin say he draw dress for the girl during recess . tony place he backpack on the floor and grab the hamburger on joey 's plate . joey hey ! give that back to I ! tony lick the bun all over , before put it back on joey 's plate . tony there you be . eat it . joey grab tony 's burrito , and swing it around in the air like a airplane . tony give that back ! he do not , provoking even more , so tony hit joey hard with a punch . the girl scream . joey respond with a push . tony almost fall for a second , but he gain he strength and dive forward to punch joey . he be hold back by the other boy , while some of they shout to actually heat up the fight . 31 int . casa do moda / store - day 31 bianca , the salesgirl , be stand in the front of the store , wait for a eventual customer , when Jake come into the store . bianca can I help you ? jake no thank you . shoot script 07/27/15 52. Jake go directly to the back . leonor be sewing . Jake walk by on he way to the office . jake hi leonor . leonor wait , wait . where do you think you be go ? jake be tony in the office ? leonor he be , and he 's stay there . he 's help I out today . jake but we be suppose to meet some friend . leonor be that the same friend that beat he up ? jake what ?? leonor that 's right . they beat he up . you should ask he why . 31a int . jardine house / casa do moda / stairwell - day 31a Jake walk through the maze of room and hallway behind the store . 32 int . casa do moda / office - day 32 tony be enter number in the computer , copying they from a spreadsheet next to he . he have a band - aid cover a bruise on he forehead . Jake enter . tony hey . jake ( see the bruise ) what happen ?? shoot script 07/27/15 53. tony nothing . I bump into joey at soccer . jake but you mom -- tony she 's so dramatic , she deserve a Academy Award . she do not want I to go out so I can help she with this . look . he show Jake a spreadsheet of number . tony she 's terrible with number , you know . you go ahead . I will come find you as soon as I finish here . 33 int . off broadway theater - day 33 Brian and two actress , play the role of nina and arkadina , be rehearse on a stage of a small theater . for now , there 's just some old blanket and a small bench . Brian sit on the bench , " write " something on a non - existant notebook . Nina sit on a blanket with pillow next to he . nina what be you write ? brian / trigorin nothing much , only a idea that occur to I ( put " book " in he pocket ) a idea for a short story . a young girl grow up on the shore of a lake , as you have . Brian / trigorin look away , towards " the lake " . brian / trigorin ( cont 'd ) she love the lake as the gull do , and be as happy and free as they be . but a man see she who happen to come that way , and he destroy she out of idleness , as this seagull here have be destroy . a pause . arkadina enter , but remain at a distance . shoot script 07/27/15 54 . arkadina boris ! where be you ? brian / trigorin I be come this minute . Brian get up and walk towards arkadina . brian / trigorin what do you want ? arkadina we be not go away , after all . Brian / trigorin embrace arkadina , while Nina get up and stand up front stage , lose in think . nina it be a dream ! a pause . it 's the end of the scene . a director approach the stage from the orchestra . director okay . let 's try this one more time . and Brian , when you mention the dead seagull , do not look away from Nina . a assistant come to give the director a script . brian more seductive , you mean . director exactly . you be very myopic . you have a obsession with the detail of thing , of people . and in this scene you be fully focus on Nina . you be like a razor beam . 34 ext . jardine house / casa do moda - night 34 Brian come walk down the street , a messenger bag around he torso , come back from rehearsal . he approach the house , and see something that make he pick up speed . leonor be outside , smoking a cigarette . leonor Brian . I be wait . shoot script 07/27/15 55 . brian I be so sorry . rehearsal go later than I expect . be this still a good time ? leonor yes . I send the girl home early so we could talk . you want to go inside ? I be just go to finish this . 35 int . casa do moda / store - night 35 Brian be inside the store . he look around , not sure where to place himself . it get darker and a loud `bang ' be hear . the metal shutter have be pull down to close the store . leonor come in . brian the store look nice . leonor thanks . I do a lot of work here . brian the reason why I be here , leonor ... leonor I know . brian you lease have be expire for more than six month now . I guess you guy be about to renew it when my father pass ? leonor Brian , why do not you sit down . they go towards the back of the store . leonor sit behind she desk / sewing machine , Brian in front of she . he open he messenger bag , and take out a brown envelope . brian my sister and I be work on the transfer of ownership for the house . it 's almost do ; dad leave everything in order , all the tax pay and all that . the only thing still pend be the store , which need to have a new lease . shoot script 07/27/15 56 . leonor you know , you father never think much about contract . he be very happy to have I here . Max think my store give " glamour " to the neighborhood , and he be proud to be associate . brian the situation have change , and now we have two family own the house ; mine and audrey 's . it 's better for we , and for you , to have thing do the right way , would not you agree ? leonor it depend on what the right way be for you . brian leonor , this neighborhood be change very fast . the rent have go up quite a lot in the past few year . I be sure you have notice . leonor yes , I notice and so do Max . but it be he desire that I stay here . brian we do not want you to go away . my sister audrey have prepare a new lease for you , and we think it 's very fair . we be not try to get market rate here , we know that 's not possible , but still , you can not expect to pay the same rent you pay when you first move in . Brian pull some papers out of he bag . brian here , why do not you take a look . leonor before we go any further with this conversation , I want you to take a look at this . leonor open a drawer , and take out a small pile of photograph . she hand they to Brian . shoot script 07/27/15 57 . leonor I be probably the last person to have photo print , the old fashioned way . it 's completely different than see they on a cellphone , do not you agree ? Brian look through the photo . leonor look over he shoulder . leonor that 's I in the backyard , on July 4th . that 's I and tony and you father at the Fair of St. Anthony 's . that 's we with my family , when they be visit . you father and I be very good friend . we spend a lot of time together . what you and you sister do not understand be that Max want I to stay here . he think of I as part of this house , this neighborhood . he return the photo to leonor . leonor I be more he family , if you want to know , than you be . brian that 's a ridiculous thing to say . leonor you hardly talk to each other . you never come to visit . I be the one here . I see he everyday . brian this be not what I come here for . why do not we go back to the lease . take a look , please . it 's fair . leonor no , I do not need to . I have a idea what you and you sister have in mind . I will just give this to my lawyer because , to be honest with you , Brian , I be not sure I owe you anything . maybe it 's the other way around . Brian be speechless , sideswipe by leonor 's intensity and conviction . shoot script 07/27/15 58. brian well , I guess there 's not that much more to be say then . leonor no . Brian walk to the door , and out . brian goodnight , leonor . leonor say nothing . 36 int . jardine apartment / family room - night 36 Kathy be set the table . Brian enter and walk through without stop . kathy Brian . want to help I out here ? brian sure , but just give I a moment . kathy what 's wrong ? brian ( o.s. ) be Jake here ? 37 int . jardine apartment / jake' bedroom - night 37 Jake and tony be play a video game when Brian come in . jake hi dad ! tony hi , Mr. J. brian ( angry ) Jake , you know it 's a weekday . what be you do play video game ?! jake can tony stay and eat with we ? brian ( harsh ) no . shoot script 07/27/15 59 . they stop play , and look at Brian with surprise . jake why not ? he want to ask you about you act career . brian that 's enough for tonight . turn it off . jake dad , c'mon ! brian I say no . tony we be about to finish the level . brian tony , you need to go home now . we can talk about act another time . Brian notice the boy be get uncomfortable . tony sure , Mr. J. brian ( to tony , soften ) I be sorry , buddy . you mother be wait for you downstairs . Brian make a quick exit , shutting the door behind he . the boy look at each other , unsure of what to do . 38 int . jardine apartment / bathroom - night 38 Water be pour from the shower . Brian , naked inside the glass , test the temperature with he hand carefully . he adjust the temperature one bit more , and finally go under the shower . Brian take a deep breath in , and a deep breath out as the water rain down on he , hope it will wash off he apprehension . 39 int . jardine apartment / family room - night 39 Jake , with a backpack , and tony be in the middle of a conversation with Kathy . shoot script 07/27/15 60 . kathy do you ask you mother ? tony she love when Jake come over . jake please , Mom ? please ? kathy Jake I just make dinner . jake I will eat it tomorrow for lunch , I promise . kathy okay . but I want you back here in the morning . jake yes ! thanks . tony thank you , Mrs. jardine . they run out of the apartment ... 39a int . jardine house / stairwell - night 39 a ... and down the stairwell , and out the front door , slamm it behind they . 40 ext . jardine house / casa do moda - night 40 outside the house , leonor be close the gate to she store , talk to tony . Jake stand by watch , withdraw by the tone of the conversation . leonor no , Antonio . tony c'mon , mami . we have spaghetti in the fridge . leonor when I say no I mean it . do not ask I again . shoot script 07/27/15 61. tony but we be go to be super quiet ! be not we , Jake ? jake yes we be . leonor Antonio . no. listen to I and do not argue . jake it 's okay tony . I will see you tomorrow . leonor begin to walk away . leonor goodnight , Jake . jake goodnight , Mrs. calvelli . tony reluctantly follow he mom , then turn towards Jake . tony see you tomorrow . jake yeah , see you tomorrow . 40a int . jardine house / stairwell - night 40 a Jake enter the dark stairwell . he stand by himself for a moment to collect he thought , before head up to he family 's apartment . 41 omitted 41 41a ext . brooklyn neighborhood - night 41a a few shot of Brooklyn at night . the street be quiet . a car pass . it 's that hour when anyone who 's still up maybe should not be . 42 omitted 42 43 omitted 43 shoot script 07/27/15 62. 44 ext . herbert von king park - day 44 Jake roll through the park on he roller blade . he arrive at the sport 's field , and stay on the edge , observe the activity of the player . half the kid be without shirt , play against the other team , with shirt . they be run and kick the ball , sweaty , scream at each other , throw themselves at the ball . Jake see tony , play goalie , and walk towards he . they talk as tony continue to pay attention to game . tony I be not talk to my mother anymore . jake why not ? tony she say you can not come over to we place . it 's not right . jake why do not she want I over ? tony I do not think you father want I around very much anymore either . he might be too chicken to come out and say it , but I can tell . jake why be they so mad at we ? tony we parent be involved in a business matter and it 's get ugly . so they be take it out on we . jake you be right . my dad be very cold to you . tony you would think I be the enemy . jake I will not talk to my parent either then . the opponent head towards tony and the goal . shoot script 07/27/15 63. tony really ? jake really . not unless they apologize . umar tony ! c'mon !! be you play or what ? tony look at Jake . tony you sure you can handle it ? it will not be easy . jake of course I can handle it . tony return he focus to the game . tony you be a great friend , Jake . jake you too . 45 int . jardine apartment / jake' bedroom - day 45 Jake be sit at he desk , work on he drawing . brian hey . Jake 's eye remain glue to he draw . brian do something happen with leonor downstairs ? Jake look at he father , but do not say anything . brian the store be close . it 's not even five yet . Jake shrug he shoulder , turn he attention back to the paper . brian have you see tony ? another shrug . shoot script 07/27/15 64 . brian Jake , can you stop play around for a second ?? Jake stop . brian do you see if the store be open earlier when you get home ? Jake shake he head yes . brian be it open ? Jake shake he head no . brian no ? it be not ? Brian 's cell phone start ringing . brian talk to I Jake ! Jake look at he dad , but do not say anything . Brian , resign , pick up he phone . brian ( on the phone ) audrey . hi. Jake watch as he father walk towards the door , and out , talk on the phone . brian ( on the phone ) no , I have not hear from she . ( ... ) today I get home early and the store be close , it 's strange . ( ... ) be not it better if you call she ? ( ... ) Jake go back to he draw . 46 int . jardine apartment / live area - night 46 dinner time at the jardine 's ; the meal in progress . Kathy and Brian be in the midst of a discussion , as Jake take a seat at he usual spot . shoot script 07/27/15 65 . kathy it 's not you fault . brian but I feel very responsible . we be responsible . kathy audrey will tell you if she think you owe she money . do not worry about it . brian she sort of do already . kathy what ? brian she tell I we owe she money for the store . kathy incredible . Kathy can not believe this . brian yes , I know . kathy Jake . do you see leonor today ? Jake , shake he head no , and sit down at the table . kathy ah. still not talk . brian no . she hand Jake the bowl of salad . kathy you know , you can not go on with this forever . Jake start help himself . kathy ( to Brian ) have you see Jake 's latest artwork ? shoot script 07/27/15 66 . brian no . kathy he 's be do a lot of mythological stuff . brian be that inspire by that book I give you ? Jake swing he head side to side : more or less . brian the blood of Olympus . Jake swing he head again , more emphatically : more or less , I say . kathy Truth be , if he 's really serious about apply to LaGuardia , he 's go to need to start prepare a serious portfolio , no ? brian yes . from what I remember , only 2 % of the student who apply to LaGuardia get accept . this mean two out of a hundred . twenty out of a thousand . they be not just look for talent ; they be look for serious commitment . kathy and you famously flunk . brian I do not " flunk " ! Kathy laugh . Jake also . Brian do not find it funny . brian I be not accept , which be different . 47 int . casa do moda / store - day 47 bianca , the salesgirl , be rearranging clothes on the large display table up front when Kathy come in . kathy hello . shoot script 07/27/15 67 . bianca hi. can I help you with anything ? kathy thanks . I be look for leonor . oh , I see she . leonor be behind the sewing machine in the back of the store , fix a pair of palazzo pants . kathy hi leonor . leonor hi. just a second , let I just I finish this . Kathy sit on a chair across from she , and wait for she to finish sewing . leonor pull the pants away from the machine , and break the thread with she tooth . leonor you be home early . kathy Monday . leonor right . you day off . oh , you have to see this new dress . bianca , show she the new dress ! the green one . leonor put another pair of pants on the machine , and start sewing . bianca pick up a green dress from the rack . Kathy , politely , go to check it out . bianca remember the original wrap dress , the first one that Diane von furstenberg make ? kathy of course . wow , that 's a original ? bianca no , we find this fabric , it 's vintage fabric . and leonor make the dress herself . shoot script 07/27/15 68. kathy it 's beautiful . wow . but it 's really not my style . thank you . I need to talk to leonor . Kathy approach the back of the store again . this time leonor keep concentrate on she sewing job , and do not stop to talk . kathy cute dress . leonor I make it . the fabric be vintage . kathy yes . I really like it , but I can not wear anything too tight on the waist this day . I need to lose a few pound first . leonor keep sewing . Kathy look around the store . she clearly want to say something , but leonor avoid any eye contact . kathy leonor , do you have a minute ? leonor I have to finish this for a client tonight . kathy tony be still not talk ? leonor no . not a word to I yesterday . kathy same with Jake . leonor it 's very annoying . kathy the one good thing , I have to say , be that Jake have be draw and painting more than ever . leonor be that good ? shoot script 07/27/15 69 . kathy yes ! if he really want to apply to LaGuardia , he need to prepare a portfolio . be tony still plan on apply also ? leonor how would I know ? it 's be four day and he have not say a word to I . kathy listen , leonor , you know that I be train in conflict resolution , so I be hope I can help here , help settle this problem between you and we family . leonor oh really ? have you husband ask you to do that ? kathy no . and by the way , he 's be work really hard . I be not sure you know that , but he 's rehearse for a new play . leonor no . I have not see you husband . kathy I know he 's be wait to hear from you . leonor do not respond . kathy leonor ? leonor continue to sew , until Kathy lose she patience , and slap she hand on top of the piece of clothing leonor be try to sew . kathy can not we talk about what be really go on here ? leonor be startle : a completely unexpected reaction from Kathy . she look over to bianca , to make sure she 's not listen . leonor shh . not here . shoot script 07/27/15 70 . 48 ext . jardine house / backyard - day 48 leonor smoke a cigarette in the backyard . Kathy be next to she . kathy I know you think we be the rich people come into this neighborhood , but the truth be Brian have not make any money in year . I have be support this family with my hard work . leonor that 's not my problem . kathy I know it 's not . I be just try to talk about it . leonor you think talk be go to solve all you problem , do not you ? you think you can use some of you psychology class trick and just wash away the dirt here ? that dirt be my sweat , sweetie . it 's my life . it 's not go to be that easy . kathy I know that . what I want to tell you be we will give you time , but we need this money . we need the shop to cover its rent . that 's not a unfair thing to ask of a tenant . leonor but I be not a tenant . to Max I be more than a tenant . I be family . I belong here . and before you go any further ; let I ask you : do you know how much work I have do here ? the tile floor ? the marble bathroom ? that office in the back ? I pay for all that . leonor throw she cigarette out . she turn and go back into the store , leave kathy alone in the yard . 49 ext . acting out talent academy - day 49 Julia be put on she roller blade . tony stand beside she , try to make conversation . shoot script 07/27/15 71 . tony you look like you have be do this act thing forever . julia really ? tony like when you do the emotional recall exercise , it just seem so natural , I can not explain . julia you know , my father be a stunt man when I be a kid . so I spend a lot of time on set and stuff . tony so you have be do this forever . julia no , because when I be eight year old he die . tony do he die do a stunt ? julia no ! he have throat cancer . tony oh. ( stump , think ) I be sorry for you loss . Eva come out of the School , and join Julia . julia ( to tony ) I will see you later ? tony I hope so . she and Eva leave together , as tony watch . 50 ext . herbert von king park / amphitheater - day 50 at a table in the park , Jake be sketching the landscape in a sketchbook , with he collection of caran d' ache spread around he . tony be sit across from he . shoot script 07/27/15 72. tony do you know anyone with a swim pool ? jake no , why ? tony I would do anything to see she in a bikini . can you imagine ? jake I never think about that . tony so what about you ? who do you like ? jake they be all very nice . tony you can tell I , you know . jake tell you what ? tony if you like someone . Jake keep sketching in he book . jake I do not know . tony that 's what you always say . jake well I do have a idea you might like . tony what ? jake Eva talk about go dance . there 's a matinee club , like after hour , for kid . tony when be it ? jake Sunday afternoon , in the City . shoot script 07/27/15 73. tony let 's go ! jake it would be fun , right ? tony that would be perfect . if I can just dance with she ... tony come closer , to check out Jake 's draw . tony wow , that 's get good , Jake . I be impressed . 51 int . leonor' apartment / tony's room - night 51 tony be on he bed , play a video game . there 's a knock on the door , and leonor stick she head inside . leonor you father . 52 int . leonor' apartment - night 52 nick calvelli , tony 's italian - american father , be make himself a drink at the bar . he 's take by surprise when tony enter run to give he a strong hug and a kiss . nick tony ! whoa , man , watch out buddy . with the impact , some of the drink spill on tony 's head . tony wipe he head with he father 's shirt . nick wait , wait . let I do this for you . do not worry . this be good luck . there you go . so tell I ; what 's go on ? how 's school ? you still hope for LaGuardia ? leonor bring a cup with ice to the table . leonor c'mon , Antonio . you be not go to talk to you father ? tony shake he head no , and give he father another hug . shoot script 07/27/15 74 . nick do the cat get you tongue ? leonor you forget he 's too old for this kind of joke . nick what happen ? leonor he 's mad at he mother . nick what about ? leonor ask he . tony look at they both ; he 's not budging . nick tony , now that I be here you be not go to say anything to I ? tony shrug he shoulder . Nick look at leonor , question . she shrug she shoulder too . leonor go finish you homework , Antonio . we be have dinner soon . 53 int . leonor' apartment - night 53 dinner be serve . leonor sit down and they start help themselves to food . tony , ever silent , pay attention closely to the conversation . nick so what be you go to do , leonor ? leonor I do not know yet , but hernàn be help I out . nick hernàn ? be not he a bankruptcy lawyer ? leonor yes . shoot script 07/27/15 75 . nick be he the best person for this ? leonor he 's my friend . he know strategy . nick be we talk about a exit strategy ? leonor no . a fight strategy . nick but you should have a exit plan . leonor I intend to fight . they can not do this to I . tony eat , but he ear be clearly on the conversation . he be very curious about all this . nick what if they can ? leonor what do you want I to say , Nick ? that I be go to open a drug store ? start make furniture ? nick or look for a job ? leonor stop eat for a moment . she can not believe she ear . leonor you can not be serious . nick do not take everything so personally , leonor . the world be not always stack up against you . leonor what do this have to do with anything ? nick Rent go up . that 's life in this city . this people be not do this to you . shoot script 07/27/15 76 . leonor why do you always have to disagree with I ? nick I be not disagreeing with you . leonor can not you be on my side for once in you life ? nick I be just be realistic . life here be expensive . I think you should have a plan . leonor what do you think I be do ? do you think this be easy for I ? nick I know it 's not . leonor that store be how I have raise we son . with not much help from you , thank you very much . nick that 's not true . leonor really ? do you think that send he a little gift at the end of the year be enough to keep he feed ? to buy he clothes ? to take he to a movie every so often ? nick can we not talk about money now ? damn , leonor . you spoil everything . I can not even eat . at this , tony bang he fork and knife on the table , loudly . 54 int . leonor' apartment / tony's room - night 54 tony and Nick be play a video game on tony 's bed . they be both concentrate , play and actually have fun . shoot script 07/27/15 77 . nick can you keep a secret ? swear ? I be invite to head the mission in kinshasa . it 's a nice big city for Africa . ( play the game ) oh no . no! no !! shit . tony smile . he 's win . Nick jerk he body , try hard , but it 's too late . he 's lose . nick not far from angola . I be finally go to have my own apartment . why do not you come and stay with I for a while ? we could go on a safari . the rainforest be incredible . they be famous for this big gorilla , hippopotamus , all kind of animal . tony smile , and give he father a big hug . nick this act school thing . be it serious ? tony shake he head yes . nick how serious ? tony shake he head again . it 's very serious . nick that 's good . there 's a lot more in this world than Brooklyn . tony go to hug he father . nick listen , tony . I know you mom can be a little rough , but she 's just worried about you . you be not a kid anymore , and she need you to look out for she . I need you to look out for she . 54a int . leonor' apartment - night 54a leonor be clean up after dinner , drying the dish . shoot script 07/27/15 78. 55 ext . midtown plaza - day 55 audrey and Brian sit on a bench in a concrete garden in Midtown , the plaza of a great building , drink to - go coffee . audrey well , dad must have really like she . that part I think she 's probably right about . he never raise the rent on the store . not even once in more than eight year . and now leonor 's lawyer be charge we for improvement she make in the store . brian what do that mean ? audrey she want to fight . the woman be trouble , Brian . once again , we warm , lovable , unwise father leave we with a big mess , and no instruction . they both take that in . audrey be it terrible , Brian , that I do not really miss he ? brian no , it 's not terrible . it 's sad , but I do not blame you . audrey do you miss he ? brian sometimes . but I live in he house , so I probably think about he more than you do . audrey she 's claim she have the right to stay pay almost nothing . I think we should start the eviction process as soon as possible . brian I do not want to have to do that . shoot script 07/27/15 79 . audrey it take a while , you know . brian I just do not want this to get ugly . the boy be best friend now . audrey remember that dad work very hard to leave we something . now you have a nice big apartment , and I be get nothing . brian just give I a little more time . audrey I can not do this without you , you know . 56 int . kide DISCO - day 56 it 's Studio 54 for kide and young teenager . Jake emerge from the bathroom and discover a dance floor pack with boy and girl dance in group or do solo number . some come up with elaborate choreography , while other just shake they body best they can . many of they be in costume , some with light blink , laser flash light and other disco toy . in the middle of the dance floor , Julia and tony dance with each other - no choreography here , just plain dance and have fun . he give it all he 's get , admire she , while she close she eye , and let the music take she away . she open she eye , and see tony look at she . Julia smile at he and they have a little moment dance . tony feel confident . tony hey , do you want to come with I to the beach ? Julia have a hard time hearing he . tony the beach ! this summer ! you want to come with I ? she just keep on dance . shoot script 07/27/15 80 . tony yes ? no ? julia no , tony . you be really nice and everything ... , but I be into older guy . tony 's leg slow down , he lose he rhythm . tony oh , okay . thank you for be honest . he 's move a little farther away and she have a harder time hearing he . julia what ? tony ( shouting ) thank you for be honest . a couple of girl begin to dance with Julia , and tony gradually move away from she . for a moment , he seem lose on the dance floor . he look around , and only see stranger . by the bar , Jake watch tony on the dance floor . 57 int / ext . subway - dusk 57 shot of the city pass by at night from inside a subway train . there 's only a few people inside the subway . tony and Jake be on a bench together , not talk . it 's the end of a long day . 58 ext . jardine house / casa do moda - night 58 Brian walk down the street , come home late from rehearsal . as he approach he house , he see something that catch he attention . he move closer , and take out he phone to light a sign post on the window of the store . on the window , a sign : help wanted - experience in retail require . shoot script 07/27/15 81. 59 int . jardine apartment - night 59 Brian come in from the kitchen , with a bottle of wine , to join Kathy . she be on the couch with a book , and a glass of wine in front of she . brian do you want some more ? kathy sure . he sit next to she , and pour some wine in both glass . kathy how would it go ? brian I think it 's go to be great . I love my part , I love the actor , the play be fantastic . kathy I will toast to that . they make a toast , but Brian seem tense . kathy what 's go on ? brian do you see the sign leonor have post in the window ? kathy no , I do not see anything . brian she do not acknowledge the new lease , she do not try to negotiate and she have no plan of leave . and now she 's actually hire new people , can you believe it ? kathy I tell you this be not go to be easy . brian audrey want to start a eviction process . she have a lawyer ready to go already . shoot script 07/27/15 82. kathy good . then it 's decide . brian be it ? Kathy take a sip . kathy who 's go to tell Jake ? brian I will . it 's my problem . kathy well then tell he soon . please . brian he 's just be so childish lately . 59a int . jardine apartment / jake' bedroom - night 59 a Jake be lie on he bed in he pajamas , with only a read light on . he 's concentrate on he work , draw quietly , surround by he color pencil . 60 int . off broadway theater - night 60 the stage be set ; a lawn by a lake , a dead seagull and the wall of a house in the background . Brian and the actress play nina be in costume and in character . it 's open night . nina what be you write ? brian / trigorin a idea for a short story . a young girl grow up on the shore of a lake , as you have . Brian / trigorin look intently into Nina 's eye . brian / trigorin ( cont 'd ) she love the lake as the gull do , and be as happy and free as they be . but a man see she who happen to come that way , and he destroy she out of idleness , and this seagull here have be destroy . shoot script 07/27/15 83. a pause . arkadina appear on the window of the house . arkadina boris ! where be you ? brian / trigorin I be come this minute . Brian / trigorin get up and walk towards the house . arkadina remain at the window . brian / trigorin what do you want ? arkadina we be not go away , after all . Nina stand by herself at the front of the stage . nina it be a dream ! the light go out , and the audience begin to clap vigorously . Kathy sit next to tony , who be next to Jake . Jake be clap most vigorously of all . 61 int . jardine car - night 61 Brian be drive he car through the city . Kathy be sit in the passenger seat next to he , hold a bouquet of flowers . and in the back , Jake and tony be there , sit next to Roger , Brian 's agent . roger it 's in you delivery . it 's very natural . you really manage to make trigorin feel contemporary . brian well , thank you , Roger . roger he 's like one of that famous artist we meet at a party , you know ? you be excited at first , but the minute you start a conversation , you be begging not to be leave alone with the guy . shoot script 07/27/15 84 . brian be that a good thing ? roger yes ! kathy he 's such a torment artist . it 's wonderful . Brian stop the car in front of Roger 's apartment building . roger and there be some really funny part too . brian be not it ! chekhov call it a comedy in four act . roger Act two , particularly . brian ( laugh ) it be . Roger squeeze Brian 's shoulder , and lean over the seat to give Kathy a kiss . roger bye Kathy . great to see you . kathy love see you , Roger . it 's be a great night . he high fives with the boy , on he way out . roger bye fella . you should be very proud of this man here ! Roger step out of the car . Brian give a big smile , and wave goodbye to he friend . the car start again . Brian drive , and look at the boy behind he in the rearview mirror . brian so ? Jake and tony smile . shoot script 07/27/15 85 . kathy Jake ? it 's you dad 's open night . brian do you understand why Nina say she 's the seagull ? Jake shake he head yes , tony shake he no . kathy Brian . they be kid . to be honest , I be not even sure I get that part . the boy look at each other and start laugh . kathy but that do not take anything away from the pleasure of the story . Brian drive on , silent . suddenly , he pull the car over , and shift the gear to park , then turn around , and face the boy . he 's upset . brian do either of you care about anyone other than yourselves ? Jake be startle , try to figure out who to answer to , he father or he friend . brian Jake ? say something . Jake look at tony , who be shaking he head vigorously . brian say something ! Jake be freeze . brian one of the hardest thing to realize as a child be that you parent be people too . can you understand that ? that they care about thing . that they make mistake . that they try to do what they think be right . do any of what I be say make any sense to you ? Jake shake he head yes . tony laugh . shoot script 07/27/15 86. brian what 's so funny , tony ? why do not you tell I , what 's funny ?? you think be a actor be easy ? you think you have it in you for one rejection after another ? let 's see how you react when you do not get into LaGuardia . let 's just see then . kathy Brian ... brian God damn it !! he turn around , and put the gear in drive , lurching back into the street . the boy look at each other . they be a little frighten , and a little victorious . 62 int . casa do moda / store - day 62 leonor pick up a dress from a pile on the main table , and show it to the new salesgirl , valentina . leonor dress go over there , on that rack on the leave . before you hang they , make sure they have a price tag . also , try to arrange they by color , or tone . I usually like to start with lighter color in the front , and end with darker one . Black go in the back . the woman here like black a lot , so if they be look for a little black dress , they might see a lot of other stuff before they get there . valentina I see . so if they do not know what they want , I try to keep they here in the front first , and then show they the one in the back . leonor unless they ask specifically for black . they hear a bell ringing , and look towards the door . Brian come in . shoot script 07/27/15 87 . valentina hello . can I help you ? leonor it 's okay , valentina . it 's for I . this be Brian jardine , we neighbor . he 's a great actor . valentina oh really ? have I see you in anything ? brian I doubt it . leonor he 's in a new play . what be it call ? brian the seagull . leonor oh . that must be very popular . brian can you give I five minute alone ? please ? 63 ext . jardine house / backyard - day 63 leonor and Brian be stand outside . leonor light a cigarette . leonor the day you father die , he come by in the morning . I ask he to buy I a pack of cigarettes , and then I never see he again . leonor get emotional , and a tear roll down she face . leonor you father care about I , Brian . do you believe that ? every day we would talk , and we would share thing with each other . have you ever have a friend like that ? someone you could tell anything ? shoot script 07/27/15 88. brian only my wife . I be a lot like Jake . I have never be good at have close friend . leonor take another drag . brian I hope you can understand that what 's happen be nothing personal . leonor I can not afford to pay three time the rent I pay you father . it 's not possible . I can not survive . Brian do not respond . leonor I think you be in a new big play . brian I be in a new play . but it 's not big , and it 's not a lot of money . it 's just the way it be , leonor . I be fortunate enough to have have a father who leave I a house in Brooklyn . leonor he want I to stay here . he tell I so . brian leonor . I also have a sister , and she have she own family , and we all have to decide together what to do . it 's not just up to I . leonor take a moment , and then proceed in a new direction . leonor you know you father think you sister be the one who inherite he brain . Brian do not know how to respond . shoot script 07/27/15 89 . brian they be very much alike . I be sure he would agree with audrey that , above everything , it 's important to take care of business . leonor no . he would not have agree . I can promise you that . brian leonor , what do you want I to say ? I have a family . we have bill too . leonor do you know why you father do not go to you son 's birthday party , the last one ? brian he have the flu . leonor no . that 's maybe what he tell you . the truth be , he be embarrassed , Brian . he be embarrassed that everything in you house be pay for by you wife . he think you should be more of a man . he hate be around you . Brian try to swallow some coffee , but the cup be empty . brian well , he 's not around anymore , be he . leonor he certainly be not . 64 int . casa do moda / office - night 64 leonor be on the couch in the office , while hernàn , she lawyer , sit on the edge of the desk hold official court room papers . he 's very serious , and she 's clearly very upset . hernàn this holdover clause be common in any commercial lease . he hand she a piece of paper , which she read . shoot script 07/27/15 90 . leonor what be I go to do ? I can not afford this . hernàn come closer and put he hand on she shoulder . the door open all of a sudden , and tony storm in , frightening leonor . leonor Jesus ! I tell you to knock before you come in . what do you want ? ( ) tony laugh at the fright he 's give leonor . leonor I be so tired of you play this silly game ! tony realize by the tone of she voice that this be serious . hernàn I be sorry , leonor . he take the paper from leonor 's hand . leonor where do they even get this number ? her eye fill up with angry tear . hernàn the penalty for overstaye may seem like a high number , and it be . that 's why it 's in the contract ; to prevent that the tenant overstay pay below the market rent indefinitely . leonor be not there anything else we can do ? hernàn leonor , I have do everything I can . it 's over now . you have a week to leave the premise . tony see he mother 's eye tear up with the news . she start to cry , and it 's too much for he to bear . he go and hug he mother . shoot script 07/27/15 91 . tony do not worry , mami . I be go to help you . I promise , I will figure out a way we can work it all out . he hold she as she cry turn into sob . 65 omitted 65 66 ext . jardine house / stairwell - night 66 the empty stairwell . the doorbell ring . Brian come down the stairwell to the front door of the house . the bell ring again , just as he open the door . tony be there , with he mom behind he . tony hello , Mr. J. be Jake home ? Brian take in that tony be talk to he for the first time in week . brian yes , he 's do he homework . tony I would like to talk to he if I could . brian of course , tony . come in . leonor catch he eye . brian why do not you both come in . leonor . please . they walk up the stair to the apartment . 67 int . jardine apartment - night 67 the door to Jake 's room be close . Brian and leonor sit together just outside at the dining room table . Kathy be stand a few foot away , at the kitchen door . shoot script 07/27/15 92. they have be wait for awhile , wait for the boy to emerge . it 's clearly a awkward situation for everyone . kathy you sure I can not get you something , leonor . leonor yes , I be fine . another moment of awkward silence ... until suddenly the door open and Jake come run out . jake Mom ! dad ! Mom !! brian he talk ! Jacob talk ! jake Mom !!! kathy what 's go on ?! jake Mom , tony tell I leonor be be evacuate from the store ! kathy it 's not a evacuation . it 's a eviction . jake that 's worse ! jake how could you do that ? how could you do that to they ? dad ?? brian it 's a terrible situation . jake the rent be too expensive ! she can not afford it , Mom . so dad need to give she a discount so she can ! brian you mother and I want to talk to you , Jake , but this not talk do not help ! shoot script 07/27/15 93. kathy do not blame this on he . jake it 's okay , I be talk now ! I be sorry ! I be sorry ! I will never do that again . I promise . dad , I promise . brian Jake , calm down . jake I have a great idea . brian let I explain to you , Jake . grandpa Max leave this house not just for the three of we here . jake I know . he love leonor too . tony tell I ! brian he like leonor , of course , but he leave the house for we , and also for aunt audrey . jake but I have a idea ! I know how we can make it work ! we go back to we old apartment , and we rent this place and give the money to aunt audrey . tony and I be both go to be at the LaGuardia High School for perform Arts in Manhattan , so I will not need to take the subway or anything to school . I can walk . and you will be closer to the theater . I love the show , dad . I love it . tony do too . we both talk about it a lot afterwards . you be so good ! and I think it be really complex and everything . I be sorry I do not tell you then . I be sorry . but I love it . I really do ! leonor , tony , Kathy , and Brian all look in silence as Jake go on , try to make this adult mess make sense again . shoot script 07/27/15 94 . 67a ext . jardine house / casa do moda - night 67a we see the house from the otuside . the gate have not be pull down on the storefront yet , but most of the light be off . upstair the light be all on . 68 ext . brooklyn - night 68 a wide shot of the city of Brooklyn , house and tree , the verrazano - narrow Bridge in the distance . 69 ext . brooklyn - day 69 a similar shot across Brooklyn at day , with the bridge and the water and Manhattan in the distance . 70 int . casa do moda / store - day 70 there be no clothes anymore , no decoration on the wall , the rack be bare naked . the store be completely empty . 70a ext . jardine house / casa do moda - day 70 a Jake take a look inside the store through the window . there 's a " for rent " sign on the glass . Jake look for a good long moment , and then skate off down the street . 71 ext . herbert von king park - day 71 boy be play a game of soccer . Jake approach on he roller blade , and come to a stop at the edge of the field . he watch the game from the side . umar and joey be among the player , but not tony . Jake skate away , through the park . 72 ext . brooklyn neighborhood - day 72 several shot of Jake skate through the neighborhood street . shoot script 07/27/15 95 . 72a ext . waterfront park - day 72a we see Jake alone for almost the first time , and he be both more vulnerable , and more confident . he pass by the verazzano - narrow Bridge , and then along the waterfront . he move in silence , only the sound of the wind and the expanse of the Bay beside he . 73 omitted 73 74 ext . waterfront park - day 74 Brian pull up in he car , come to a stop , and get out . and already walk towards the car be Jake , with bandage on he right knee , be help along by a park ranger , who carry he roller blade . park ranger Mr. jardine ? brian how be you , Son ? jake I be sorry , dad . brian what happen ? jake there be a bump on the path ... park ranger we get a call from a woman who see Jake here fly through the air and landing on the asphalt . when we find he , he could not move . jake I be better now . park ranger he be better . but he probably should not be on he own at he age . jake there be a bump , I do not see . brian be you hurt ? Jake shrug . shoot script 07/27/15 96 . park ranger he fall on he right side shoulder , and he scrape he knee . brian let 's go home . the ranger help Brian put Jake in the back , with he leg stretch out and he foot up on the seat . Brian get in to the driver 's seat of the car . 75 int . jardine apartment / jake' bedroom - night 75 Jake be lie down on he bed . Kathy apply antibacterial cream carefully to he scrape knee . kathy be it okay like this ? jake yeah . go slow . kathy and how 's you arm ? can you move it okay ? jake it hurt when I go like this . he move it up and down a hair . Brian be stand behind they , in the dark . brian dad have a heating pad that he use to use . I can not find it . ( to Kathy ) you know where it be ? kathy I think it 's in the hall closet . I will get it in a minute . she finish with the cream , then give Jake a kiss , and step out . Brian take over for she to finish the bandage . brian do you still have a lot to do to finish you portfolio ? shoot script 07/27/15 97 . jake I just need to finish one painting , and then I be do . brian that 's what you say last week . you just have to finish one painting . jake I want they to be good . brian Jake , do you by any chance remember that story I tell you , about my friend Tina ? jake the one who sell she hair in India for a train ticket ? brian no , that be martine . Tina be a girl I know in high school who be a dancer . her mother be a dancer . she be literally bear to be a dancer . she have a perfect ballet dancer 's body , and all of we be certain she be go to be a big success . jake have I see she dance ? brian no . during high school , she get into a really good conservatory , and I run into she a couple of time after that , and she be always about to get this , or about to get that . but each time , she arm would be in a sling , or she would be on crutch . she would have a pull ligament . or a stress fracture in she back . the last time I see she , I run into she on the subway , it be clear she have not dance for year . she be fat . you would have never imagine that she be the same girl . jake gee , thanks dad . that 's a very encourage story . shoot script 07/27/15 98. brian why do you think Tina do not go very far ? jake I do not know . brian she train too hard . she practice too much . she do not trust she own natural ability . he continue to wrap the bandage . brian Jake , you be go to meet a lot of really talented people in you life . but they will not all be suite to be artist , they will not all have the brain to know when to insist , and when to stop . when to push yourself , and when to relax . most of they will not have that balance . jake and how do I know if I have the balance ? brian that 's why I be tell you this , because you will turn in you portfolio soon , and they be go to love it . they be go to love you . I know they will . you will go to LaGuardia , and you will have fun , but also plenty of challenge . soon enough you will find out if you have the balance . the bandage be do . brian there you go . do you know if tony get in ? jake I do not know . I do not know what he 's do . Brian look at Jake . brian Son . I wish I would do thing differently . shoot script 07/27/15 99 . jake what do you mean ? brian with tony , and he mother . I wish I have tell you earlier what be go on . jake would it have change anything ? brian no , probably not . but still . jake dad , would you mind if I give you some advice ? would that be okay . brian please . jake do not worry so much . Brian wait for more . jake that 's all . brian that 's a lot . Brian give Jake a kiss on the forehead , and stand up . jake dad , would you mind if I play one of my video game ? I know it 's Tuesday , and I know I should do something more productive with my time , but I be kind of tired . brian of course , son. Brian find the game controller , and hand it Jake . jake will Mom be mad ? brian I do not think so . shoot script 07/27/15 100 . 75a int . jardine apartment - night 75 a Kathy stand outside the door , heating pad in she hand , listen to she husband and son . she hold back she tear . Brian come out of the room and close the door . he see Kathy , who begin to weep , as quietly as she can . Brian wrap he arm around she and they hold each other tightly . 75b int . jardine apartment / jake' bedroom - night 75 B Jake be in bed . he can hear the sound of he parent outside the door . he switch on one of he video game , and let 's the noise cover everything around he . 76 int . brooklyn museum / foyer to beaux - art court - day 76 a small group of stylish boy and girl be sketching some of the piece in the foyer of a grand room in the Brooklyn Museum . by the way they dress and move , they be clearly artistic . among they , look more mature , more serious and maybe gay , with a stylish scarf around he neck , be Jake . time have go by ; maybe a year or two . 76a int . brooklyn museum / beaux -art court - day 76 a Jake and he friend enter the formal and elegant beaux Arts Court . across the way , between arch , Jake see a group of kid in khaki 's and red shirt -- tony 's Catholic school uniform -- walk in the opposite direction . they be with one african boy , who be not in uniform . for a moment , he do not know what to do . until , suddenly , he make up he mind , and move . 76b int . brooklyn museum / beaux -art court - moment later 76 B Jake walk in one direction around the courtyard . tony and he friend continue to walk around the other side . Jake see tony and he friend exit the Court , and he follow . shoot script 07/27/15 101. 76c int . brooklyn museum / stairwell - moment later 76c tony and he friend walk down the interior stairwell of the Museum . Jake follow . but at some point , he lose tony and he friend . they have exite the stairwell without he know . Jake rush down the stair , try to catch up . 76d int . brooklyn museum / ancient egyptian art room - continuous 76d Jake come out of the stairwell into the egyptian art area . he 's out of breath . he look in all direction , but do not see tony anywhere . 76e int . brooklyn museum / stairwell - moment later 76e Jake be sit by himself in the stairwell . he be look straight ahead . not sure what to do with himself . a pack of kid in khakis rush past he . we only see they leg . Jake watch they go . tony ( o.s. ) Jake ! you hair look different . it 's tony . Jake stand up to say hello . jake your look different too . tony I go to Africa to visit my dad . jake how be it ? tony amazing . jake and how 's you mom ? shoot script 07/27/15 102. tony she 's busy . she 's a real estate agent now . Jake laugh at the irony of the situation . tony laugh with he , maybe realize it for the first time . jake you could have send I a email from Africa . tony you know I . I be not much of a writer ... Jake notice a necklace of African bead around tony 's neck . jake I love that necklace . tony thanks . they make this for tourist , they do not really wear they there . but I like it too . jake hey , you should come meet my buddy from school . tony do you get into LaGuardia ? jake I do . tony that 's awesome ! jake there 's this girl in my class , she mother be on Broadway , she can act better than anyone I know . tony gee , thanks . jake we should all go out together sometime . tony sure , but I meet this girl in kinshasa , and my heart belong to she . do you want to see a picture ? shoot script 07/27/15 103. jake sure . tony pull out he phone , and show he picture . tony she 's a really good kisser . she 's go to come to visit soon . jake cool . tony and you , have you kiss anyone yet ? jake no , but I have meet someone . ( pause ) you will meet he . tony 's face light up , grin from ear to ear . tony you know ! finally , you know ! Jake and tony share a know laughter . tony I be here with a friend from congo . let 's go find he . he 's teach I french , and I help he with he English - he say " bitchful " , like ... " this sculpture be so `bitchful ' " . they laugh even louder , and head down to find tony 's friend . the stairwell be empty , and white , and fill with sunlight . Iris to black , and the credit roll .