die hard 4.0 ye Mark bomback current revision by Doug Richardson w_piico Blvd. gele , CA 90035 ~ published in any medium , including any web sie , . without the prior written consent of twentieth century , [ corporation ] . disposal of this script copy doe not alte i ric tion set forth above . ©2005 twentieth century fox . no duplication without fox's written consent . -° @ | nasnoo nalin sx04 : lnoh lam ivorana on , x04 aunineo hisllnin leo g 2 q 4 oo . CO ) CO ) for i i ] June 14 die hard 4.0 revise screenplay by . doug. Richardson '' stinct sound of a Zippo lighter hing of p p.c. owen uh oh . 3 a tiny space . just a toilet ' and a sink . irewman ( p.c. ) owen , who. carefully place garette on the sink rim , then stand atop and expertly dismantle the smoke detector . - the cigarette Owen open the Zippo , blaze up he cigarett fs , ale a plume of smoke and ~ alarm SOUND ! shit. what he would just dismantle the smoke detector ! 8s of out . p.c. owen oh my God . int ster creek nuclear power facility - day p.c. Owen bound down a industrial stairwell light by emergency batte light . he burst through a heavy door coun ) ons deck . here , the nuclear crew scramb . p.c. owen what 's go wrong ? crew chief we have lose power . p.c. owen how can we lose power ? ' we make the goddamn power - . . . - ~ deck super ~ we get power ! we just can not . move it ! there 's a virus in the voltage regulator . it 's tell they not to release - core admin . - get a kilowatt surge . unless we move that juice , we be gonna ~ D. | crew chief ~ manual power down ! all hand move ! ©2005 twentieth century fox . no duplication without fox's written consent . '' int . montage .- quick shon ~ day throw : rower diverting switch . in the rea silver - suite noclear firemen slide down stair p ting the cool water and manually work . that remove the cool rod . b.c , owen' sweaty face inside that protective mask . in the mask 's thi , @ reflection of the nuclear rod as ' they 'p be the core . yjster creek nuclear power facility - sunse Zippo lighter again . only this time , p.c. a g light he oi eee : due to the non-stop quaki , drawl Texan . deputy wigand where we at ? chief thompson eleven plant total . all go dark . all at the same precise moment . deputy wigand a coordinate attack ? suspect ? chief thompson | get d.e.r.t. up yet ? system operator o - Karen rooney on com 2 . -_ without fox's written consent . * mor twentieth century fox . no duplic swivel to - a large screen we meat rooney , thirty year . old , . blaci take - no-prisoner attitude . rooney ( on screen ) the digital emergency response team be still work over the line of .code . as for name , it 's the same - buncha male " unusual . " the most interesting be John J. mcclane . fhompson and deputy wigand look at name en : closer inspection reveal the file on : deputy wigand say he 's in the clink . rooney Federal Pen in maryland . he. hit . the street tomorrow . '' chief thompson okay . I do not care where they be , what they be do . we pick up every damn one of ‘em . maryland detention facility G - night prison guard , a old school officer , i make h 's ‘elock round . he slowly crawl the stait h angway , pass the guard from the last shif last shift guard how 's the prostate , phil ? phil the prison guard Big as a cantaloupe . you just wait . you day ' 1ll come . er gangway in cell door , each of '' they dark but for the faint tv that come . from cell 3 - F . phil rap on , the phil the prison guard ( cor hey . the famous John mcclane . no tv after light out . ti speed -swivel to reveal ing on the single cot . the tv flicker we but this be not the John mcclane we know . 1 twenty~two~year-old version name jack|g. ely a growl . ©2005 twentieth century fox . no duplication without fox's written consent . jack G all the time I tell you . my name 's Jack gennero . I will call you " aunt Betty " if you " a do not turn that shit off . ly phil the prison guard jack G : it 's the news , man . gotta know what kinda world I be go back to . phil the prison guard wo not matter what . you learn . you will be back soon enough . news anchor — «+. a spokesman for the oyster Creek - nuclear power facility report tonight 's meltdown scare be nothing more than a-digital snafu . and that no New Jersey resident be in actual danger . oddly , we have receive additional report that same digital " snafu " be concurrent with similar event at most . Eastern seaboard - nuclear plant ... close on - jack G on.6 siart~ass veneer of Jack G be peeled away to ag-man who 's very , very concerned , for the sliver of light from the bathréom - 3 the dim face of this eld , analog alarm clock . | when stond hand sweep , we hear a warbling , deathly | bizz . nos the clock , shutting off . the annoying sound a hn mg is mcclane «.. what the hell , John . gx aging football star , mcclane swing he '' and stretch , set off a series of ner [ sen tpps - we see the landscape of mcclane 's a torso . the raise track mark that wete 's , the tell - tale scallop of former bullét | a no pause , audible sigh , then at last the familiar voice lof mention the resume of scrape , burn , a laceratidn . 00s twentieth century fox . no duplic@hon without fox's written consent . * close on 7 moglane? S index finger leave ear . it 's a itch he scratch . more tenfo shoulder snap and twang as mcclane feel around no . finally , he flick on the light . k wide - the room : igh . abed , no tv . just clothes and book hook d on the floor . mcclane squint as he retfjeye what ike a pack of cigarettes , only it 's a pa¢h nicorette oa. ic clane pop a double wad and start che i at 's . not enough , he xeaches into a drawer a a nicotine patch which he slap on he sho : mcclane ( cont ' D ) '' one day at a time . a ' timore / WASHINGTON INTERNATIONAL airport shing this bluebird day . on the screen 1 be between they . female clerk : I be sorry , Mr. mcclane . I can not rent , you a car . female clerk ( cont 'd ) it 's not car . we have plenty of car available . the system just will not take you insurance . sense the old , car rental insurance shake mcclane . Fine . I will buy the extra insurance . > llerk swipe mcclane 's credit card again . '' es mcclane a nervous smile back . then , puter screen , she face go slack . . ©2005 twentieth century fox . no duplication without . fox be written consent . ~ sorry . . but you have be decline the additional insurance . Story of my life ... look . I be only here for the day . one -day . what 's it . gonna cost to put I in - [ = female clerk - it 's not you . it 's like - I have get fifty - nine reservation here and the system just decline insuxance = on ... everybody . , mcclane how 's about call I a cab ? can you do that ? - female clerk sorry , Mr. mcclane . but Baltimore 's ' in the middle of a taxi strike . ( paint on a smile ) maybe I can find you something else ? king lot - day mcclane be step off a airport shuttle bus ... & this be not the airport . mcclane turn to the sour-pussge enale h be driver . : mcclane what do tt owe you ? shuttle driver the rest of my day . mcclane ( offer a fifty ) that take care of you ? shuttle , driver like I be some kinga stripper ? snatch the fifty , . then slam the door shy lane step off . as the shuttle drive away . h a distant view of the chesapeake . a beat as ses himself before he start he approach . [ ET property room - maryland detention facilit ac} jis like a nervous race horse stick at thi a t 3 woe a005 twentieth century fox . no duplicaqpn without fox's written consent . a : : pre-release . officer . - . «a . flailure to report to you parole 's > officer within 24 hour will result - ' in a warrant issue for you immediath a arrest and return . in addition , you . be prohibit from operate or engage with any device or person that be connect to . the internet . if you understand , sign here . | G sign . T ' curity gauntlet ~ maryland detention fac | stand with arm wide . and leg shoulder ] with as a '' officer run a metal : . detect wand ackoss he ler and along he neck . the wand - squeal when it year eclane 's skull . off the Security Officer 's puzzbe 1 . mcclane . get a plate in the head ... come with : the gold watch . security officer do it hurt ? . mcclane you get old , everything hurt . release room —- maryland detention facility a that gold watch . a seiko . it 's 12:88 ed and nervously wait in this wide , stab omputer , the release room guard scan aj léng St. jot date by mcclane . next to each date he réad : : . release room guard . guess today 's the one day you son can not say he do not wanna see you . mcclane ++. today 's the day . t +- the release room door open qre stand young Jack G , momentarily freeze ecte sight of he father . mcclane stand mcclane ( cont 'd ) «+. Jack . : > fet iane 's on one side of the room , Jack G on thut of but the awkward gulf between they . jack G I say I never wanna see you again . ( continued ©2005 twentieth century fox . no duplication without fox's written consent . ~ mcclane yeah , well ... think you could use aride . . | .. | ( chagrine ) = : ' course , that 's before they would not xrent be a car . cab be on strike , too , but - : ~ so like you . too little , too late . mcclane c'mon , let 's go get something to eat . we - do not even . have to talk - jack G - already get plan . mcclane , do not be in a such a. hurry to screw up you life again . '' jack G you oughta know . you be the expert at screwing up . . G slip past we hold on mcclane . this if heir reunion to go . aryland detention facility G - day ow mcclane as he push out of the exit c'mon , Jack .° ( then ... ) a cup of coffee ! G will not have any of he father , trottin for lot and quickly clinbing the stair to the rail platform . SE on - mcclane d kick himself ... mcclane ( cont 'd ) Way to go , old man . 's Pov - tilt down onto tho government srda ue sedan swing in front of the prison . out step three obvious feds . mcclane 1 3 05 twentieth century fox . no duplicamdn without fox's written consent . | ( into radio ) fed # 1 how the hell can we be late ? not biexy goddamn light be green . — ~ fed # 2 . yeah , funny . . 2 prison entrance ... if mcclane have a cigarette , h tastead , he pop another nicorette ' tab ang be mcclane suddenly appear at the open windbw mcclane so hey , man . cab be on strike . ' could ya gimme a lift - go peg Driver answer by hit the automatic fyindow button . be 's computer screen be a picture and R closer still reveal the order to : " pick up and / . detain . " mcclane straighten , shift he sight picture - to the elevate rail platform . swish pan to down the track - mcclane mcclane ( cont 'd ) cc ) ++. here we go . ~ release room - maryland detention facility & ~ day e-release Officer be give a answer to the fed . pre-release officer you guy just miss he . Left with he daddy . get on he radio . a '' wall electronics ~ like the inside of a we a young feed name beebock . he 's alone at the helm of uter station . on one screen he 's pull .» dossier e. beebock John mcclane senior . retired nypd . ( more ) ©2005 twentieth century fox . no duplication without fox's written consent . '' lo . . : , . beebock ( cont 'd ) . current home address St. Petersburg , f.l.a .. get he on 'a flight to Baltimore just this morning , cut and pastes mcclane 's photo into a hpture program . . ed rail platform - day arrive , the door open and Jack G step / 4q slane ss up the stair and catch the door to t} # ps inside . . ' shot oma hide camera that grab a still of mcclane 's facd and digitize it into . a thousand byte of info . ' pushes to the next car , then the next . {when e | a glimpse of Jack G through the window / hoér leadi je forward car , mcclane stop and settles| ihto a ro - jack G he do not make mcclane . then ... young boy hey. lookit momny ! look out . on the street spread out bélow the vate rail . one boulevard after the other , gar go nowhere because ... young mother all the light be - young boy . - Green ! . en , empty a load of commuter . jack|¢ step off fin . mcclane be nearly last , but expertly keep _a fa~sp he son . the train pull out to reveal the baltimore tye on CENTER . be . o cketing - baltimore convention CENTER - [ ees turn at one of the two ticket kiosk . ad work the booth . gap twentieth century fox . no duplica '' @ without fox's written consent . . jack G E. ticket . code. please ? . jack G : . something about the way you ~ the hair ! very scully , right ? third . season after the two sun ~ oo - you think ? I try it .a little - redeead * gcour and ) show of £. . : : Jack G smugly push through the turnst be to ~ mcclane stepping up to the other ticket kiosk . this one\is mar by a pierce man with heavy glass . . mcclane how much for the electronics show ? pierce man show 's sell out . get the gun show - mcclane - I need to get in there . c'mon . shoulder . so mcclane nod as af he understa mcclane ( cont 'd ) . the hula Hoop . hurt when they put it in ? mcclane ( cont 'd ) imagine how much it 's gonna hurt comin ' out . 11 . ©2005 twentieth century fox . no duplication without fox's written consent . stile buzze and mcclane push . through . int .. atrium ~ baltimore convention CENTER - day bound ‘up the escalator , follow the '' the ... . . onsumer electronics show ( c.e.s . ) - day with mcclane into this five acre hall , cran @. space be slam with thousand of $ 8 he x6dm -~ on a circular stage , the Baltimore e@ hell to start . look for Jack g? ipse electronics booth - c.e.s . - day ickly browse the latest laptop . at @ appear to have pick out the Ferrari of : eclipse sale rep ellipse centron 5 . pentium 5 , 700 megahertz , tri-channel to 50 dimm . translation ? watch out . she will bite if you be not careful . ( arm ' around Jack G ) sit down . give she a ride . G sit , let he fingertip barely tou jack G hey . can this , like , play movie ? ' eclipse sale rep play ‘em ? if you want it will practically write them for you . ( laugh at hig own : joke ... ) let I get you a dvd . ment the sale rep turn he back , johnny |s barely three keystroke . on screen appeark with a icon for each computer in the boo spries of click , Jack G send a surge that screen at the booth . snap , snap , snap , € go blank . [ 7 eclipse sale rep ( cont 'd what the ... paneer mcclane slip a hundred ' dollar bill into pierce ! 's ers , not.to mention electronics -- audio , oan emputer , cellular -- massive tv and computer $ cf néerlehder grind out a routine for appreciative | 12 . ho , e@ inch : the keybgard . finger th . with a 905 twentieth century fox . no duplicambdn without fox's written consent . madly , the ' sdle rep start tapping on the keyboa other - computer , check the cable . . no luck . back to . Jack G - only to find Jack G have yanish along with that Ferrari of a laptop . - CISCO - system jts - more booths steal a pda / cell phone , a ipod ... at the sony booth 's ees the - new PSP ( playstation portable . ) , sh , Jack G can not help himself . so he smoothly paly 's and disappear . - or crowded aisle ajor thoroughfare inside the crowded hall , t : flow of name - tagged patron and reps . se : ine , he 's bump by a hurried female . ctory : mcclane s‘cuse I . rie female seem to pay mcclane no mind 7 le same direction and bump again . rooney e face of . the hurried female . a hyper-sensitive bitch . rooney : what be you , drunk ? feel you finger : on I again , I will break ‘em off and feed ‘em to you . mcclanel shake he head , then push on into the crpwd 's go , rooney bring a wrist - mic up to she mouth . rooney ( cont 'd ) | daddy have no weapon , no phone . panzarella ( over radio ) what kind of asshole come to a electronics show and do not even own a cell phone ? |} ce - through electronic binoculars in the rafter , we meet panzarella , follqwi gh she specs . ©2005 twentieth century fox . no duplication without fox's written consent . -° 14 , int . consumer electronics show . ( c.e.s . ) - day beebock join up with rooney . = rooney | local support ? beebock p.d.- unit be as sembling . rooney {into mic ) . let 's find Jack mcclane and pick hin up ! - wireless section ~ p G be hunkere down , that steal laptop proppéd he knee . already logge into the anternet , Jack G pound C out rl from memory , access a backdoor where '' n sgries of linux code . under Jack G 's blaze es '' open up so fast it 's like a firework dispbla tas 's e's at a encrypt screen , log on ab it 's the code site for northeastern Gas and electric . more b ing page and Jack G back ~ - door he way into the i , and that nuclear power xeceptor i as building on Jack G 's screen . with he finger , ja stant message appear like a unexpected bull ' s~eye on be screen . the message be from " charlie B harhie brown : " nice try . " tant message stall Jack G for a moment . - Jack G respond with : a x : " who ru ? '' brown : " u do not know ? " a x : " ux the asshole who shut down nuke " brown : '' could not have do it without u / " cc seine ea ( write as he talk } " how ~ do - u - get - my - code ? " 05 twentieth century fox . no duplica @ without fox's written consent . 15 ... '' insert , + quick ' shot not ! and rooney separately search for jacl PD cop assemble at every entrance to the hal jack G brown : " u should b happy . i only want gan x : " just get out of jail . all i want noe and legal . " brown : " i want 2 bring it - all down . " " éa not b do . " pooh brown : '' btw. how be the consumer elect . jack c ( cont 'd ) hit . already know where I be ? charli '' brown . '' cu when the light go out . '' Curve ) sabe - different angle of the electronics stun or amused at what first appear to b techno - there 's even some scattered applause . computer screen in here have blank , cryptic message scroll : pens when you be no longer insure ? " . quick shot - various - day ©2005 twent ieth century fox . no duplication without fox's written consent . essage appear on computer and tv screen btco , George Washington U 's library , etc fe sale 16 . ff . — searbucks : cafe - day customer with laptop , hook in via wi- fi , alll d este | the scroll , latte freeze near they lip '' what happens when the water run dry ? '' sumer electronics show ( c.e.s . ) - day ' lane be stare at that monitor scroll tic message . mcclane . that 's my Jack . World speed record . for fuck up . cur to ~ baltimore PD ey begin push in at the door , shutting off puit and pnto the floor . all look for - ge as every screen in the hall . helplessly ) he look4 see that Baltimore cop move in . ~ the electronics show crowd '' bycho} , nearly every one of the five thousand face at the 's how isttransfix by that scrolling word which appea Zome kind of advertising set - up await a punth {line . L all bear witness to the end of the empyre . " 005 twentieth century fox . no duplica@n without fox's written consent . B he catch a glimpse of Jack G cut lol mcclane start weaving through the cr . : 17 . | up in the rafter - panzarelia - through that electronic binocular . move through the stream crowd . ' panzarella . get he ! wireless section , head for Home theater . -. wait a minute ! uo la tilt she bov up to catch sight of mcc} , on course with Jack G . ~ - panzarella { cont 'd ) target appear to be head for a . family reunion . fifty foot - thirty ten - bes ° ( his boo suddenly demolish , he shoulder through the crowd , . on to / find himself snag and spun around . by fis fathek . mcclane happy to see I ? . . jack G : -' . the hell ? why be you here ? mcclane . look who 's talk ! now what kind of stupid be you into ? 's - yank he arm from he father 's grasp . w1 é | see a baltimore cop . the cop 's emergi pistol in he grip and the muzzle be risil ig . mcclane oyeés_on instinct , push Jack G aside and clos himself and the cop . he trap the arm wi gun elbow shot across the cop 's neck leave mcclane in controljof the gun . : mcclane . you put the gun down ! brief} mexican stand - off until rooney feint , lowexritig she gun ... . rooney .-- okay . ©2005 twentieth century fox . no duplication without fox's written consent . 18 . mcclane 2 sively fire . bam bam bam ! rooney be jer ! by the bullet and hit the floor . - scream 's 3 way peopl . they head . this allow mcclane to catciNa bead on who head for a emergency exit . mcclane goddammit ! rltimore convention CENTER - day ns out of the parking structure with ane clesd dodging a tram , and turn underneath th ( a ead g rot a ' jog . this two man be : run flbkt 's : ghit be no longer green . instead , they 'ré S mean more gridlock car with cop direct traffic , do not dodge the car . he run xight ove xoof , trunk . driver shout . mcclane prove pound from one car then crash and another , roll off and continue thé mcclane {between breath ) : still - chase ~ my own ~ kid ! [ _ stdewalk ) continue , with mcclane suck hard young Jack G. 05 twentieth century fox . no puplica@y without fox's written consent . i shopping district . : . Avenue , a canyon - like outdoor 's mall with stall traffic . mcclane be no match for Jack G ground with every wheeze . at last , rena ? ° on mcclane shout a loud , but wind . . 2 | mcclane ' {cow n 'd ) +. fine ! ' that be it , i'm do ! 19 . even m , mcclane throw up a hand : he 's get no tuag leave . o '' mcclane ( cont 'd ) -+. run I down ' till I got nothin ' left to give . . - jack G give ? what did you ever give I ? , the saturn driver be out of he car . . saturn driver > get off my car ! mcclane talkin ! to my kid , here ! jack G leave I alone , old man . you got nothin ' I want ! mcclane know what I got ? I got fifty buck that say . you get clipped by sundown ! ~ alarm SOUND burglar plarm , entry alarm , bell , electrical , gne fatter another , down the avenue and both side # B at the noise be astonish . sidewalks lo r5 and employees look to get away from ack ; only to find that every single storefron D [ be -sale more 's stunne people with " what the face . driver step from they car to see what al fish who 's ' be hook , oe. stop and sp ana wf a ( continued ) ©2005 twentieth century fox . no duplication without fox's written consent . uick shot - more downtown street é , different zip code . a obnoxious 's inphony of earnsplitt alarm . . 7 '' - mcclane and jack G where Jack G try to shout over the noise . ' jack G not goin ' back to jall ! ane can not hear he . instead , he cup hil ear and start walk toward he son . onl : run , kick off a car bumper and . soar iching a pass - ws , swing aboard , shoot a final look at he #king gesture that offer little hope for / any dation . be and angry , he watch Jack G ride away trolley . suddenly , mcclane find he foot sweep o& ron underneath he . slam ! he hit the hood of the car hard . mcclane alright , pal . I be gettin ' off you . car ~ . oo . hole in she shirt . she 's use a shotgun 3 foot out from underneath he . rooney warned you . the butt end of the rifle , she smack mccla . a darge fill station and mini-mart . we meet dn be [ _8tuccco - sbiatter construction worker . as he gagse pick -up_ - thunk - the fuel stop flow . the cc ) 3 ping . annoy , the stucco man pounds|on ~ thé p q q@b05 twentieth century fox . no duplica e@ without fox's written consent . 21 . swish pan to - another pump | - in business attire be have tro the pump to accept she credit card . - she try ' only to have it decline . at the fill station be have trouble - either 's have stop or credit card be be ig stucco man angrily push through the door to the stucco '' I give you fifty dollar cash and the pump stop at ~ : mini -mart man ~ I be try , okay ? nothing 's work . everything . just stop — strate mini-mart attendant punch every 2 . tomate system , angry shout be heard . '' head tyrn . the mini~ Mart man run around he counter to look ' ' cargo truck — night ess . we be tight on mcclane , propped ickle from he right ear , and dirtied @ tussle and chase . when - the rear door be shut from a blast of headlight . foo . . panzarelea ( 0.8 . ) can not believe that 's really he . beebock ( 0.s. ) sure it 's he . what be you expect ? ' panzarella ( 0.8 . ) like more hair for starter . D esaip sore ov peus return . seat on spool of fiber . je back of the cargo truck be beebock , panzarella , and ... ( continued ©2005 twentieth century fox . no duplication without fox's written consent . . , 22 , rooney appear / a oo 7 oke piss , she wear a thin , bulletprp g' : se with three , center - cut imprint . beebock offer | a a — - beebock . 's ; hey . have he sign you vest . not '' many can proye they get shot by the . | jo. /. famous John mcclane . panzarella least none that live . N without fox's written consent . mcclane -. ++. fed . - . ( off they look ) smell like asshole to I . rooney uncuff he . c'mon , move ! istrial parking lot - night r-r.t . - tratler rig - night ster be park , along with a tractor- traNer xig , satellite truck , and that cargo truck fxom which escort by rooney , beebock , and panzarella . ' B mobile , techno - marvel retrofit with mille S of bin '' optic and stack of indecipherable electrpnics and ofs| . . we follow mcclane as he 's push to Year of ailer . there we find a mapp table wherd Jack G i and handcuff to a chair . he look awful . disappointed to see he father . lead _ no puplica '' jack G tt ask to see my goddamn lawyer ! rooney : next best thing , family . and the advice be always free . . . jack G . like he 's go to say something I wanna hear . you can blow I . rooney maybe dad 's get something to say to I . | mcclane } 8 seat opposite Jack G and handcuff ] to thai rooney at herself between they , then addresse$ W _ m@aq05 twentieth century fox fe lowe 23 . rooney ( cowry t'1 get right to it .- who 's you son work . with ? and what ! 's you part in all of this ? - mcclane all of what ?. '' rooney since you son 's release , we have logge . mass insurance failure , interruption in transportation , 8 gasoline crisis - mcclane - the day he get '' ' out , you be gonna roll he . = p over some blow fuse ? '' rooney : ' lifeline , Mr. mcclane : lifeline to a nervous , digitally dependent nation . '' ( on she finger ) transportation , insurance and finance , food and water , emergency service , telecommunication , and energy . mcclane - " family value . " think you forget that one - beebock - everybody 's here . rooney put ‘em up . een ~ five conference sodatan ; each wi pnt face - one woman and four man . rooney jintroduceg rooney . ( cont 'd ) meet John mcclane , version 1.0 and 2.0. ( turn ) on com i through 5 we have get deputy director wigand from dhs , Lee stolz from justice , Mary glover from NSA , we civilian contractor greg Pope , and from the White House Assistant Security advisor Paul neesen . [ stn wockane and Jack G clock the face on scree : ' coxeafe ‘ox greg Pope , who appear to be in a wot fecel ( continued ) a hat b ©2005 twentieth century fox . no duplication without fox's written consent . na ) low EL G lo a e's -rooney ( cont 'd ) two year ago , '' junior '' begin serve a sentence for steal and publishing secure government file . in do s0 , he leave digital fingerprint ~ complex line of code unique to he . d.e.r.t. 's uncover that same " fingerprint " in the digital attack we have suffer today . '' jack G be not I . _. , rooney the electronics show . you be plugge and play with a friend . who be he and be it the 3 Day game ? : glover ( on . screen ) I be sorry . a " game ? " rooney not a game anymore . more like a blueprint for destruction , evolve from a internet blog for 's super - hacker . they pose a theory that — in three day , a handful of hacker could crash all we technology , send America back to the Stone Age . . stolz ( on screen ) why three day ? . rooney it have to do with response time . the blogger calculate exactly how fast the authority could react . keep it under three day , the hacker could . theoretically destroy the system faster than it - could defend itself , . . . a . hate to the be the dick , but - jack G - you ? , hate to be the dick ? ismiss Jack G with a glance , then ... mcclane , what happen to all that billion we spend on homeland security ? long , guilt - laden pause , then ... E N without fox's written consent . z ©2005 twentieth century fox . no duplic . a ~e =. od lovett = ae stare at he son , who let the gravity " rooney os it 's d.e.r.t 's opinion . that it 's too late to stop Day 1 . but we think we ' can hold they at Day 2 - jack G - Day 2 ? . '' ( shaking he head ) . hope you be stock up on battery because the asshole do this be already load Day 3 ! i . mcclane . what happen on Day 3 ? . : . jack G -. Day 1 be they just fuck with you . shut down the gas pump , make ' you . late for dinner , set off some : alarm . the beginning of panic . Day 2 , ' the heavy shit start , bank , Wall Street , crash the lifeline , screw with publi confidence - but it 's just a jerk off to get the government chase it 's tail . while you asshole be busy try to turn ' the phone ' and * tvs back on , they be Planning . to cut the only lifeline that really count . ( turn to mcclane ) . . power . Day 3 . the only lifeline leave will be electricity and , when the grid go , so go America . . jack G ( cont 'd ) ~ Day 1 , right . oo pope ( on tv ) so if you be not to blame , who be ? . - jack G . Charlie Brown . ( off everyone 's look ) I do not know who he be . it 's just some screen name that pop up when I be try to steal back my code . he shut I down faster than I could say George Orwell . slap a list of name in front of Jack & . rooney think any of this guy could be Charlie Brown ? : 25 . ©2005 twentieth century fox . no duplication without . fox be written consent . - 7 ° jack & ( quickly scan ) : this guy could not change my grade . listen . the nuke Plant . that be a test to see if he could make Day 3 work . and he pull it off . so unless you guy wanna look like my old man at a Wu Tang show , you have ' get 24 hour to disable the power xegulator - . . . deputy wigand ~ manually ? do you have a-clue how long that would take ? week . month . siderjwhelm Jack 6 look at he father . jack G see what I mean ? ten step ahead of the fed . . rooney . can you find he ? deputy wigand ( on screen ) 7 whoah , hey ! 's for all 's we know , he 's . '' partner with . this Charlie Brown ~ ~- suppose he 's correct . suppose this Charlie Brown be already set the table for Day 3 . who 's get a better idea than to let young mcclane jack G - sorry . gotta ask my parole officer . Jack G 's not suppose to have fun anymore . : rooney ° you might want to reconsider . . Jack ign consider the , offer . then : turn to ciane , direct he answer across the table . . gr. taventicth centhdy fay na dip ita a withoht fax's written consent ( D ) ia jack G : there be this story my old man use to tell I when I be a kid . . ( then ... ) it start with , " go fuck yourself . " on — mcclane [ 38 the ipsult fit ... then beebock interrupt . beebock cq - cap ? you might wanna see this . olr rooney feed it . beebock plug in the picture on he . monitor . behind mcclane be replace by live helicopter a plus freighters stack up outside : _. beebock 's . that 's the new. York / Jersey . Harbor . ' get similar report from nagansett , delaware , soo lock - '' rooney . - why ' the hell can not they port ? / ' beebock ' >) n.p.a. computer mysteriously flagge each ship as carry missile from North Korea . ~ rite drug store -. day on a 1 lcd tv mount at the check -out ccounte ' age of that freighter jamme at the hdxbor gate et a young mom with she baby . on the pile of necessity ~ baby food , formula . only thi clerk be have trouble with : express clerk get a credit card ? cuz you ATM ecard be not ~- gold-plated tooth ( 0.8 . ) - yo , man . just want my change back . swing to the next check -ouT counter , where we n with a gold - plate tooth for a central incisor . er man the check - out be equally flummox . I know , I know . but I can not get the cash drawer ... , ( shout ) hey , merv ! can you give this guy he eleven -fifty ? my register 's kaput . the swing to mervin over at the pharmacy pharmacy mervin D : ct mine , too . Whole system 's down . y Mom 's baby start ery . ©2005 twentieth century fox . no duplication without fox : written consent . 28 . ext . federal prisoner transport van - night rh ic clane be be cuffed to the bench , roon herself next to mcclane . — . rooney here 's my read . you be retire , you ' regret not spend time with junior when he be grow up , so you think you should make up for lose time . only Jackie Boy 's idea of a good time do not include a reunion . ( then ... ) I can charge you .. I can put you away . 's but we both know you do not give a goddamn what ~ happen to you . so here 's what I be banking on . you care about you son 's future ... either Jack help we or he go away for a very long time . mcclane you be pretty sure of yourself . C -) rooney not at all . but I will not underestimate '' a parent 's instinct to save they child . it 's a hour drive to hq . " I suggest you and Jack make the most of it . : . mpve to the door , gesture . two feds esboft ja : he '- transport van , shackle he to the opppsiite beych . ' copter shot - highway - day sport van be cradle by motorcycle cop in se dhs unit behind . the d.e.r.t. helico ide sport van - in motion -- twilight '' transport driver behind the wheel . a fed 's tgun in the passenger seat .. back to the rear - mcclane and jack G £ between they seem wider . mcclane I know , end of " life as we know it " and you be stick with you old man . must feel so ... uncool . co ack G 05 twentieth century fox . no pup. cy without fox's written consent . you do not have a clue how I feel . - mcclane : lucky I . | no guilt association . ' course , rm not a accessory to armageddon . ~ with lover jack G you gotta believe I have nothing to do with . it . : mcclane : you say the same thing about the. fizzy in the Holy Water . ack sg . ' hey . . you think that be funny . you jaughed + . mcclane + see I laugh now ? hook in with he father . mcclane 's dead jack G you see I iaugh ? shit 's serious . it be grim . mcclane clock that heavy fed , then ttrn ack to Jack G . he nod . something between they be und mcclane ~ fine ! if you won 't do it my way , then crawl back to you mom for all I care ! at once shocked - then get the drift . jack G why : 's it always gotta be about she ? mcclane oooh . Jackie love he mommy ? you wish she _coulda pick you up from jail ! I get news for you , pal ! she could not handle yout jack G know what ? she divorced you because she hate you ! that 's because as a husband and father ? you suck ! — ceepe bev ry feud go on in the rear of the van . rarr ( continued ) 29 ... ©2005 twentieth century fox . no duplication without fox be . written consent . 30 . mcclane | when would you get you family therapist license . between bunky - love and lock~down ? . . : e mes. ° _ | jack G do you have a clue what it be like to grow up as you son ? every teacher , bully - every coach , every girl I want to date ... they all want to find out if I be just a little bit like you . how could I ever measure - up to-that ? shoulda name I " Sue " instead of John -- John fuckin ' mcclane ! mcclane thanks for solving the mystery of my miss johnny Cash . album . jack G you be not my father . you be a sperm donor ! qwwithour fox's written . consent . mcclane . +++ easy for you to say . ( shake the chain ) otherwise , . you would be too chicken shit to talk that way to I . - jack G anytime , old man ! mcclane uo oooh ? prison make you tough ? sack | slam a foot into mcclane 's bench , force the hea ed to turn . . heavy fed cool out back there . pne have zeroed in on Jack G. mcclane try it again tough guy . e7pp twentieth century fox . no duplica 's ‘hesitation , Jack G kick at mcclane again . [ ee tene he connect . mcclane twist and swing : foot into 's Jack G 's mid-section . Jack G ot. cking mcclane in the face . suddenly it {s a war_bf fly leg - 31 . the heavy fed ss , xush to the rear of the van . _ heavy fed i. say knock that shit - mcclane rock himself into a ugly headstand , th he leg up in the air , '' wrapping . the chain around 's the floor : slam ! s.for he ' gun . ' but Jack G have it trappel at the holster until the gun tumble awa : sport driver he 's about to hit the brake when - mcclane keep drive . or I '11 break he goddam . neck ! the Transport Driver 's foot stay on the gas . . > tighten the chain around the heavy fed 's neck . mcclane ( cont 'd ) key ! fed find he coat pocket , grab the n on the bench next to Jack G. , fed and the Transport Driver be handcuff and Jack G be . mcclane check the rear_window fee government sedan be seventy - five yhrd to thdy @ d.e.r.t. helicopter overhead . heel - jack G ith one hand , operate the on-board compute - mcclane appear . mcclane ( cont 'd ) what you say back there . mean it ? jack G every word . mcclane think so . jack G where the hell be we ? ( contt D ack . a simple body twist from mcclane send th heavy ©2005 twentieth century fox . no‘ duplication - without fox's written consent . 32 . mcclane westbound on i111 , three mile East of willowbrook . jack G 1 and what kinda pull be that ? use the Force , obi Wan ? . mcclane mile marker , road reflector . tell a cop everything he need to know . ( then ... ) always think of myself as more of a han solo guy . jack gc . I need to hook in . something fast , t-3 or better . if I can change the url and backscat to a thousand isp , maybe I can figure out who Charlie Brown be . have not a glimmer what Jack G just say , mcclane ~ swell . ' figure a way out of the * parade yet ? on Jack G . he have not a clue . mcclane '' ( cont ' D ) _ 7 out of the driver 's seat . . jack G you get a problem with my drive ? mcclane the problem with you drive be there 's no problem . wait for I to get my foot on the gas , then you slide over I , aput he leave foot on the gas , reach arow ack I hold of the steering wheel . Jack G slide penger seat . mcclane ( cont 'd ) seat belt on . '' puld argue , but he see he father be bu belt . the son follow suit . jack G co ] I do not see a off-xamp . ( a radio squawk : cae twentieth century fox . no duplica . q@without fox written consent . 33 . . ' rooney ( over radio ) Transport ; come back ? - int . d.e.r.t. relicopter ~ in flight - twilight ' Pov '' of ' the convoy . she key she radio : rooney : I say , Transport come back - the transport van brake and swerve ! - rooney ( cont 'd ) oh no ! . . hway - transport convoy — night ré-gavernment sedan brake while mcclane wheel the—txafisport van hard right , through the barrier and down the wood - t . the sedan brake and slide up the edgé t , not dare to follow . . jack G you ~ know - where - you - be - now ? ylance at the pass tree . mcclane sherwood forest ? fed and the Transport Driver : heavy fed / transport driver aaaaaaabhhebhhh ! r.t. helicopter - in flight - twilight e helicopter bank . rooney get they back on visual : ©2005 twentieth century fox . no duplication without fox's written consent . 34.° ext . transport van - through the wood - night @ transport van careen off a tree , ki : boulder , slide , up on . two wheel . . transport van B i there 's no more tree , only dirt as th es down . ansport vari come to rest at the bottom of \a canyon , en a string of high - tension power . line . ~ sack G geo cad believe he 's still alive . . jack G . . '' ++ now I know why mom would not let you drive car pool . int . d.e.r.t. helicopter - in flight - night i ing around over the power line 7 rooney and h look argund . there 's absolutely no sign of the 3 / ( 722 ) ropney be piss . / rooney we be gonna need dog . pitst gode area ~ night dog , ashlight , and cop on foot . we see that power find , we see wheel track , then - . der a pile of heavy brush . ' the rear dod o\xeveal the heavy fed and the Transport Driver . of ae exe be no sign of mcclane or Jack G. werground parking ~ riverside condo comp : + rock go through the window of a new gad : sound , but mcclane ignore it , open cy ex . ing in underneath the steering column . ©2005 twentieth century fox . no duplicat gy without fox's written consent . a . will ; 35 . a with a screwdriver , he pries at the ignition swi > - jack G - mcclane hey ! op into the passenger seat , put a hus} ps . he point to the " onstar " button . onstar operator onstar emergency . we detect a air bag deployment - terrupt , convincingly hysterical . jack G - please ! we hit a big tree . my : dad 's have a heart attack ! I think he 's gonna die ! onstar operator hang on while we contact emergency service . can I have you name please ? _ jackg | he 's die ! I can drive he toa hospital but the engine 's stall and - I can not get the key to turn ! please just start the car ! ( os : onstar operator . May I have you name please ? wack arrogantly hold up the car registration for he father ta_read while he ~ : . . . wa jack G - stevie seaver ! my dad 's name be . David seaver ! please help US !!! onstar operator emergency service be on the way —- jack G . - if my daddy die , I swear I be go to sue you and you whole goddamn family ! so start the goddamn car , lady - before my daddy goddamn die ! ©2005 twentieth century fox . no duplication without fox's written consent . a beat , then the alarm on the cadillac stop and the singh miraculously turn over . with that do , Jack G / taky tha . oc ane use to break the windshield and smp microphone . off the look from he father . — : jack G ( cont 'd ) kinda shit I learn in prison . call that a prison ? more like day camp for delinquent frat boy . op the car into gear . - jack G wait . maybe I should drive . you just have a heart attack . mcclane Nice try . jack G . I can steal it - but I can not handle it ? mcclane '' no . I be xetire . that make drivin 's a caddy my flag -wave right . — mcclan&\s foot hit the gas , he throw the car in gnd dyas hes up the ramp toward the gate . crash . take 's the security gate off the hinge . B up as the cadillac surge into a dawning\day . day 2 ite shot ~ day he sun breach the horizon , we zoom on Manhattan . tighter and tighter until we have ex in we sight . 7 STREET investment firm ~ day a buttoned~down trader notice a " trend " gn [ ry en . buttoned -down gettin ' nothing but sell - side on the q e.t.s. mar 's ) without fox's written consent . ©2005 twentieth century fox . no dupli have eat rs 1 37 . 4 . corn rows > anything I wanna buy ? . , : buttoned-down name you symbol , dude . it 's all go South ~ : - the slick trader in 's the corn rows stand over B down ' oulder . . . . : corn rows Holy shit ! the new york stock exchange - day . specialist . hundre thousand share . D . mbexr spin . ronic Trading system be lock up . Trade B in anger . . doomed trader what happen to the goddamn safeties . Jesus Christ ! why 's this happen to I . . 'o # ] { gh shot - wall STREET - pay ‘rom various banking house be shouting ou ndow . pack wider to see the entire " street " be in ocal gw a soccer mom carry a tray of steaming Starbucks her five - year -old run ahead of she and in ind a pastel semicircle of computer park bag chair where toddler and preschoole # r} game . conspicuously amongst the child eb-surf at warp speed . ( cont : ©2005 twentieth century fox . no duplication without fox's written consent . 38 . . mcclane - near the door , mcclane clock four polile they roll slowly down the boulevard . two of . thi turn and park . with the street flanke , the lodal ( ° aix vehicle . this be where that socceh that steaming latte to mcclane . soccer mom ~ look like you could use one . mcclane yeah , thanks . soccer mom so which genius be yours ? ( SD ) mcclane over there . the man-size boy . soccer mom oh ... the special need child . ( closer ; whisper ) asperger 's syndrome ? mcclane hamburger 's syndrome . not enough happy meal , know what I mean ? still eyeing the cop on the street , cross ove : there 's a six - year - old whiz kid help hin . mcclane ( cont 'd ) find Charlie Brown yet ? because we gotta move . . whiz kid workin ' on it . try the Dead man' } ~ switch , '' ' wéclanp stare down at the whiz kid . . mcclane . hoe how old be you ? eight ? : : . whiz kid I be six . how old be you ? xz , from mcclane , who wisely go back to he post . whiz kid ( cont 'd ) - who 's the fossil ? , — a , ors +. my dad . 005 twentieth century fox . no puplic mbn without fox's written consent . : - 39 . 2 , . '' : whiz kid . z so. sorry . hey '. communicate '' - conspirator ? . so jack G both buffer and zone , bounce and . come back . : 's whiz kid confused deputy ? type the linux search - wait - then com zip . jack G they ' be assemble at mcclane who 's up for Chuck E cheese ? Jack 's dad be buyin ' ! > ext . sylvan learning CENTER = day as_covek , that mom and with they sylvan kide '' dewalk , mcclane and Jack G sling in the mis - the local cop pay they no mind ata ose to mcclane . : jack G Charlie Brown 's a ghost . give I a week and I could not find he . . mcclane we do not have a week . across the STREET small crowd grow in front of the pennsy rity and trust bank . that local cop armed wit paton be / asstmble in front of a blue collar man with balle blue collar Bank 's suppose to be open ~- ©2005 twentieth century fox . no duplication without fox's written consent . local cop ~ temporarily close . go find a ATM ~ ( conti - atm ' be not work ! it 's my money . / and I need my . money today ! . blue collar _ local ' cop look , 's buddy . why do not you come back tomorrow - . blue collar - OPEN the fuckin 's door ! / ) hundred yard away , mcclane and Jack G be get cadillac . from here they see the Blue colla tab \coéh E to the bank , only to be fell with a blow from a op 's baton . the local cop swarm as the situation real out of control . : jack G : gotta know this be happen everywhere right now . mcclane like you say . ' Day 2 . everyhody chase they tail . L ext . cadillac - in motion - day down the highway , mcclane behind the whee q ithe nav-system . sack G . gotta get. to greg Pope . . he know all the shortcut through the grid . be . mcclane ~ wheelchair guy ? he 's just gonna hand you back to the fed . ' sack G gotta take that risk . Pope 's a civilian . total stand alone . he be the first one to map the grid . if I can not find Charlie Brown , maybe I can put up some road block — iccilane 's look , : jack G ( cont 'd ) the grid , you know ? the pipe . - : its ' everything that keep we connect . Pope ? Pope make million [ 7 mapp it , sell it ... he try to show where it be vulnerable , but the stupid government do not pay q enough attention . 40 . or pan @@o05 twentieth century fox . no duplicamdn without fox 's written consent . : 41. oe mcclane Charlie Brown do . ext . visitors gate - motorola sport arena - day reveal flagpole with team banner {fly . pull back to reveal Jack G , argue th al Motorola gate guard in front . of one of the huge , uslide - jate , jack G I do not have a appointment ... just ¢all Pope 's office and say it 's Jack generro - wait . John mcclane or . tell he - * . - make a appointment and they will put you on the sheet . when you be on the sheet , you get in . mcclane ( 0.s. ) that 's okay . he will make a appointment . have a nice day . mcclane smile and wave passively at the Gate Guard . cur to inside the cadillac Jack G flop into the passenger seat . mcclane ( cont 'd ) do you really think he be gonna see you ? jack G : when I hack the IRS ? 1 red-flagged ' America 's top ten civilian contractor for audit . you would think Pope would want to see I just to kick my ass . - bive a approve smixk , put the cadillac |i 7 draw the car back twenty foot , then brake mcclane remember when I teach you to swim ? jack G you do not teach I . you just throw I in the water and say , " paddie , '' Jack . paddle and quack like a duck . " op the car into drive , then hit the 1 soa} . fhe cadillac blow through the gate . ( continuedy ©2005 twentieth century fox . no duplication without fox's written consent . 42. jack G. ( cont 'd ) will you stop crash through thing ? quack , quack , quack . e.see a man in a wheelchair push up to a flod jhe arena . the reverse shot of the wheelbhair man S that he 's none other than . greg pope . king lot - motorola sport arena ~ day pyss between father and son , then mcclane # wist the koward the arena and hit the brake . m ately thrust both he hand out the open wi oes the same . _ mcclane don't shoot , don't shoot !!! [ will security guard shove gun into mcclane 's face meanwhije , a thick , suite man name roosevelt pyil open ( the passenger door . out spill Jack G : jack G : / rooseveld W how to stop - shut the hell e Brown , okay ? - shut you mouth a Pope I know - you hand - oice come from the nextel phone clipped to 's pocket : a . pope . ( 0.8 . ) let ‘em in , rosey ... please , let them in . . elt change tack , smile and lead the way ht limp of a former athlete . . roosevelt damn knee . ai not what it be when I , Roosevelt be pull on white glove . cy * ce : cosevelt 's gold , superbowl ring . : alg window > outside , we see that caddy run a wilde fet } and Jack G step on , follow by the limpin vell . see t Bos twentieth century . fox . no pueica@N without fox's written consent . mcclane . - superbowl twenty - five , right ? Giants and buffalo ? . 7 roosevelt be a-good game . long as. you do not take the point . oo - jack G ' what be the glove for ? roosevelt man 's a cripple and a germaphobe . but like he say . we be all handicapped . office complex -- day Jack G be lead through a short corri photo of classic , Detroit muscie be open by the angular , six - foot tp be wash , a doppelganger for roosevel ! f& a former NBA player name . blue . all we ptton glove . toe , id D mcclane , '' forget to pay my mickey mouse Club due . how dumb do I feel ? coarssy ) apbroach with two spare pair - of - white op ce ) gabby ' for he . please . pope' pr eat office pnd Jack G , white glove on , enter this oom which p~to be nearly pack up and ready to move through por to ceiling window we see the flagpole outside arenk .. Pope enter , he wheelchair attend by | gak and thin . . pope ++- mcclane . version 1.0 and -2.0. ane bristle at the insult . mcclane can I ask you something ? be it ' some kind of fad or something ? ' all you D geek who could never make the team [ lo now own the team ? jack G do you live to embarrass I ? ( continuedy ©2005 twentieth . century fox . no duplication without fox's written consent . : yard lowe % ; | mcclane oo I be you dad . embarrassing you come with the job .. : , ° pope " fad . " be awhile since I hear that one . think the word this day be " trend . " . mcclane : okay . so what 's the " trend " today ? America 's on the brink of disaster so you be take some " personal day ? " pope as soon as humanly possible . question ! be , why be not you ? mcclane because Day 3 be tomorrow . and you think you can stop it ? cc ) jack G : no . but I might be able to delay . it . with you help , I mean . put something in Charlie Brown 's way . Force he to make a mistake - pope : - the mistake be wait around for biblical event to occur . America be sit on a bomb that 's about to - mcclane ~ ' hey Mr. leave on a jet plane . you gonna help or what ? jack G : : please . the only one who know th grid better than Charlie Brown be - you . - pope I be just a simple mapmaker . you. be inside he network . how 's he do it ? es a beat , digging at he own brain . jack G ++. he must have build the model use a blitz caterpillar . I also know he jack my usenix code with a stick module . ( more ) 45 . jack G ( cont 'd ) but I do not get how he could gas 's the conversion speed - infect all that system at once . . au : pope maybe with a fsb tool . or if he have some kind of traceable mark - up language ~ . jackg ~ what about a Zooko triangle ? think , nod he : possible agreement . sack . G ( cont 'd ) that 's gotta be it . ' then he run petname - like ivanhoe ‘or baby brother - : pope ~ he would not have to break through firewall if he be only riding the bot . : - mcclane : , he cautiously observe the word play between Jack G and Pope . 's jack G : if you could hook I in . some entry that 's clean ~ unroutable - I be talk four corner of Identity clean . I could get inside and slow down Charlie Brown . pope you would need some kind of hub . only six place in the country have that kind of access . and I could not get you in if I try . y lg ( = ) 2 co mcclane '' try harder . : pope : how about the fed ? what do you think they know ? , ake he head . gabby return and whisper sthing ear . pope ( cont 'd ) will you excuse I for a moment ? you need anything , just ask gabby . 1s Pope around and exit . mcclane look at gabby ©2005 twentieth century fox . no duplication without fox's written consent . _ mcclane I need to take a leak . ' jack G mé , too . close on - gabby axm ssed , put - on smile . she 's unimpress . gabby ah , the sophisticated male . . pope' bathroom - day - ( ) \d mcclane and Jack G be wash hand . \over the water come from the faucet - : jack G ~ Pope be Charlie Brown . mcclane Way ahead of you . we gotta take they down and stop this shit in time jack G . + take they down ? there 's like — how -we-gonna take they —- 2 . mcclane . - shut up and listen . I will go first , '' take out . big guy in the track suit . you go for the girl and - jack G ~ why do I get the girl ? do not think I can take the guy - mcclane ~ be happy . Young stud always get the girl . you ready ? on three . : one - two - . nrow open the bathroom door ' to find -~ eet of she unleash a single kick - blo e's end he soar backward into the cabinet . mcclane enr ) [ ll the ig ! imself , mcclane ( cont 'd ) ++. anytime , Jack ! come rest ! happen very fast . mcclane charge out @int , center herself , then spin mcclan cy tly hold , z without fox's written consent . @ g@m05 twentieth century fox . no duplica : 47. mcclane struggle , ' try to get some kind of - leve y uncoil herself and release mcclang of he father soar out the . window sug Jack G can not find so much as a scream all from the window = end over end . he stab at catch hold of a american flag flutter froy gne of that flagpole . ' the american flag tear , a 4 mn ts . tangled with that star and stripe , mcclane of the sod . he stir , groan ... pose's office suite - day out the window . - mcclane 's in a break igo . ) | a to - pope strangely fuel by the moment , Pope rise from he jack G - but you be suppose to be a exipple - nge at Jack G . they be face to face . pope - Pope 's a deform , half - man sell - out . but Charlie Brown ? he want to push the reset button , flush the whole system . ( step back ) : and you . you be the patsy . the a rebel with a cause . hate authority . a warm body who take the blame for all of it . . N - jack G ( not tcal against Blue , once more steal a view window . where mcclane once lay in a heap ©2005 twentieth . century fox . no duplication without fox's written consent . : not at the Motorola Sports Arena . { 4 the car be in the Motorola Sports 48 . ext . parking lot ~ motorola sport arena - day no batter , mcclane 's thump into the caf the door latch , then collapse into the driver 's Bea a tage t rip open the passenger door , pistol out and leveie on ‘head . - roosevelt ' maybe you be not get the message . e lift he hand up . mcclane - + ++ can I ask you one question ? ~ '' ( aind a breath ) . what 's the worst part of steroid ? the swell head or the shrink dick ? drop the car into reverse and pound on pedal he caddy lurch backward . to avoid gel by th or , Roosevelt dive into the car . that |p ane 's face . mcclane push it away jus {! the bullet miss , star the wind ! Roosevelt can retrain the gun , mcclane get a hand Roosevelt 's wrist . - Roosevelt 's free hand grab for mcclane . the -nteer wheel twist and the car careen backward th ough the twexty - foot glass window of the arena . ore jack g's voice " ~ if my daddy die , I swear I ?m go to sue you and you whole goddamn family ! '' panzarella the voice be a match . and the car be - ( check location ) . ~ near Philly . park at the Motorola Sports Arena . ger ' screen , panzarella overlay the onstar tracker with a illite picture . click as panzarella zo beebock kybp twentieth century fox . no duplicat qithout fox's written consent . Arena . 49 . suze enough , on screen we see the little blink curgé Chat be | the steal caddy move inside the motordla port : int . first concourse - motorola sport arena ~ 1a ' djjlac , still surging ' in reverse , crash \hy le vendor station : beer keg explode . 's ar - mcclane and Roosevelt in a death grij ss |ripping through the interior , then the bzé ! ering the safety glass . shop - the caddy crush through the windo mpede by hockey and hoop . uniform . , ~ with both hand grapple , throw a lead steering wheel , the car twist and explode from the shop , gareen off a steal pillar , then haul headlong for E ] = . . : sweeping stairwell that move upward to the leave addy vault dff the stair , turn . sideways , and cras a 4 sideways onto the escalator . the caddy 's wheel a e escala gr carry it upward . in the car - at impact , the 'mm be pinch between '' and windshield . as Roosevelt stretch for it , Mo elbow onto Roosevelt 's hyper - extend kneg 's mcclane how 's ! that ! knee ! now ! evelt - the knee -blow hurt , but he 's play in pain grimace , only inch from retrieve the ' pis be he lunge at mcclane with a hammer right fist , . hole in mcclane 's face with that Super ] bowl ring hich come a crack yoice : rooney ( over car speaker ) John or Jack mcclané . can you hear I ? this be rooney of the — mcclane , ~ pope be charlie brown ! b.r.t. trailer rig ~ day ansmission , mcclane 's voice be a mix oflc no garble . frame ©2005 twentieth century fox . no duplication without fox's written consent . beebock think he say something be '' Brown '' - : rooney - Charlie Brown ! {into the mic ) onstar . Operator ? do you hear the subject say - a ae srr mcclane ( over speaker ) - po --- be --- rlie - rrola sport arena - scene cont 'd . o mcclane . take another fist in the face . e-level - the caddy falis out of the escalatok and sif pwly a backward . - be throw into . the seat . his eye with ' lie ahead -- the glass door to the 1 ) the caddy smashes through . it 's all Roosevelt can do but grab the wheel , try to steer the speed with one hand , - and grab for the gun with the other . luxury '' suite corridor - the caddy roar through . ( aisle ) at thirty , forty , fifty mph . rooney ( over car speaker ) mcclane ? . if you can hear - roosevelt - shut up , bitch ! I be try to . drive ! wedge into the foot well , hand on the gas when - roosevelt ( cont 'd ) ~ brake , man ! mcclane 's say you wanna go faster ? roosevelt hit the brake and i'll let you live ! gimme the gun ! ( wo 2 mle eit aprithoy fay ma midi init bhrracn it enx' written consent _ meclane xeaches up , pull on . the steering whe eel| the caddy swerve hard . : , int . pope' office suite -~ day . dash ; grab last- minute item , ya ss on computer , all while . on the cell - 7 : gabby . . . - pull ali the drive . we be leave in the chopper now — in front of she explode as the grill of be upon she . gabby see Roosevelt , rooseve upt as car hit she head on . , evelt ~- dive into the back ' seat . e\ see Roosevelt dive - beat - he pull he hand off erator and hit the brake . as the car brake just short of that £ 14 s7 ] she 's rock backwards into the giass . ' slow motion shot of the private helicopter , Blue maphand D a zip - tie Jack G , Pope in the lead , wash push Pope in he-wheelchair . all turn they head in synchronize i they see - : sly tumble from that bust window . cc ) E - Pov - mcclane in the caddy DB from the footwell in time ' to see Pope , blu wash , G momentarily freeze pear the helicopter . @ pavement . — : ' mcclane . I flunk charm school . evevt ; D reaches pyer the back seat and put mcclane into / a ©2005 twentieth century fox . no duplication without fox's written consent . {continued 52 . back to helicopter oo '' sack G bolt , ducking underneath the tail fe : the helicopter . and run full tilt , hand stilfl zip~€iaa |- Blue start to chase . . ' é it eap ard roll , slide to the bottom unti¥ he essway exit ramp and run against traffic expressway . blue better of get into this impossible chi ito the chopper . : orola sport arena - scene cont 'd @ ) bai in the cadillac . mcclane be be choke ameman . so mcclane throw the car into everse , othe gas . '' - smashes through three wall in a row ( con od '' m luxury suite , rip up five row of|luxury ~ sedt ing into ~ the arena hqckey player spin and stop just as the caddy ie window with nothing to stop it but th and the steel cabling : from a window - be lac end up suspend , slightly swinging rear wheel still spin . roosevelt --. help I . mcclane , where 's Pope go with my son ? . roosevelt . ° swear to God , mister . I get kid , too . help I and I will help you . continue to dangerously swing . mcclane the belt , wrap it around he wrist , then s}owly eake ver the trunk . he 's reach for and c. i . sévelt 's Super bowl ring hand . mcclane growlg . . er ( oo mcclane 53 . > maryland goat . . ne . cuane seomaest t+ what ? roosevelt Mary ~ land - ) the cable suspending the car give way drop toward the seat and snap to a 9 ~ mcclane's hand Roosevelt slip from he . grip . mcclane have tp nss ack ay . just as Roosevelt 's body hit the seat be : mcclane : sorry pal . do not take the point . > ext . roadway ~ day . anyone be chase he . finally , he slow fast turn . but as we watch Jack G stare bp ion of the Motorola Sports Arena , the horif ith police car and ems unit . Jack G ning charge , and duck into the brush . farm - dusk ef one of Pope 's misfit , with she flatten mifitary tattoo , and glass eye . she roil up wheelthalir , assist Blue in help Pope from the helitopter . ig - mr. frank — e rest of the Pope crew , this polo-shir eat casual in pose . they shout over the sou elycopter rotor . mr . frank . ~ mr. pope , we weren't expectin dp you until ~ ©2005 twentieth century fox . no duplication without fox's written consent , pope ~ change of plan ! what' happening with day 3 ? foo rn 54 . mr , frank on schedule . : right now , we're preparing to . shut down emergency SERVICES — be = ~ pope - so what' keeping you ? Blue es popé toward the fam house . farm house ~ day chase Mr. Frank , twist through ren , then into a cellar door . Mr. Frank mar i11 with Mr. Frank as he slide through a steel door , cevea}iny a tight , former cold War style bunker gémplex meet Mr. Frank 's cyber -savvy co-hort - pnd the quebec-born olivier . they be sw ! stack of computer , server , router , of large , hi-re screen . butcher paper , on which be scrawle day 1 , day p , under each day or plan , plot , in mr . frank . Change of plan . krispy Change of plan ? what 's that suppose to mean - mr . frank ~- he 's greg bloody Pope . so it mean whatever the hell he want it to mean ! head . in the game , boy . _ where be we with the ems package ? olivier almost there . oh olivier assemble line of code , then neatly packaing they into icon . on another screen , we see the morpheaste : SERVICES . network page . icon be move , fe der sexately punch . . mbor twenmety century fax no nup ! can without fox's written consent . 55 . olivier ( cont 'd ) > | done . - send it . - olivier index finger _ simply _ press the enter key . as s're digitize , then shot at light - speed entic cable . farm house ~ dusk another spfx shot , we be hurl from a microwave q , into space , bounce off a satellite , and ... : pital emergency room ~ hanford p.a. ~ dug k ateam_of emt rush a patient on a gurney thro _ automated door . . spital emergency room - hanford p.a..- du : D as the emt wheel the patient into the e.r. , we see a asively overcrowded situation , wall to wall , cl bedy people and a hefty nurse hold up a hefty nurse nuh uh . we be full up ! paramedic you gotta . dispatch say you guy be it ! . well dispatch can kiss my sweet ass , cuz for some reason , they be say we be it for the whole goddamn county ! ' ant slope - beyond the motorola arena ~ dusk ps p police helicopter cut across the sky , we tilt to the distant aftermath at the Motorola Sports Arena , q ed with police vehicle . é coin into a pay phone . mcclane I say d.e.r.t. d-e-r-t ... no , I do not know what city . ( more ) ( contt ©2005 twentieth century fox . no duplication without fox's written consent . mcclane ( cont 'd ) it 's a big brother , secret government .... you do not have the listing for covert spy agency ? they be probably listen to we xight ~ how about I threaten to put a stick of dynamite up the internet 's ass ? listen , lady . the goddamn . -- country's falling apart ! , step from the phone booth . headlights , as a panel van stop . spection reveal ~ jack G : jack G happy to see I ? '' take in the van . the panel read : " be imer . " this be where mcclane hear the loon the entire van rock with barking dd we on move over . I be drive - _ jack G a ~ no way . you tell I when I be £ive - if I could jack it , I could drive it . - fin , Jack G with that damned grin . mccla for the panel door and throw it open . the dog cage . the dog go crazy . Jack & er 's seat — jack G ( cont 'd ) ~ what be you doin ' ? all this dog get people - as ja ' scramble to keep the ' yapping dog from . 1 hhe van , mcclane circle around and crawl into ] the . seat . mcclane wanna tell I where we be goin ' ? Jack G pull the panel door shut . anel van — in motion - night cs scr 6 I | ( _ ) Pope seem worried that I would be able to hook in somewhere that 's oq ( more ) seq ted 5 twentieth century fox . no duplica ee without fox's written consent . e 57 . jack G ( cont 'd ) . unroutable . nearest superjunction 's in . Jersey . maybe if I run 'a tent show , . hopscotch all . the isp and - | = - mcclane - dust tell I you can stop Day 3 .° it 's a hail Mary . but it 's all we ~ UT the panel van' windshield a.massive traffic jam loom . mile and mile of ame . slow the panel van to a stop .. Jack G out of they car and walk . _ | mcclane - ole : human nature . péople-run when they be scared . of . jack G by this time tomorrow , the whole Northeast will be powerless . then ~ as the blackout move West :.. we be talk about a country with two — hundred million gun . mcclane - . fastest way to Jersey 's the train . -| outside tre van ' ) Le ane and Jack G step out onto the highwh p panel door and frees all the dog . wirer as they e hundred of other who be abandon thkir car , King . farm house - night furnish , and neat as a surgeon 's tool e tv be tune to - news . . _ cable news anchor +++ the White House continue to caution Americans not to panic today , call the sudden infrastructure failure as '' expect anomaly in a complex infrastructure - be pick up and the SOUND mute .. it 's ©2005 twentieth century fox . no duplication without fox's written consent . swivel from lydia to .- a bedroom dead gabby stretch out on the bed . and wash . linger over 's the body . be 's Pope , who finally peel single white glove , bend at the waist to stroke Pope withdraw he hand . - video rov : Pope stand over gabby . we dissolve to : uter room - underground bunker - night video . shot of Pope stand over gabby / back wider to reveal Mr. Frank , krispy , and ound the monitor . krispy - that 's creepy shit , man . mr . frank go easy . . that be he squeeze . olivier I would get a DNA test before I would call that a girl ~ krispy e - not talk about the dead woman . I think he be like damage , you : know ? the wheelchair ? wash nenter } man 's on he way down . get you mitt on ! . . they be all pull on white glove as '' Pope E othing , only do a superhuman assessment 3s ormation on the screen . 3 ie k shot - the screen : emical ] calculator , engineering schematics , satel . and shot of reservoir . . noe pe dust a couple more adjustment a we be ready . to start the water sequence - oved index finger S be the very same finger Pope nearly toudh gabby z with . Pope be about to angrily press enter | wh . eap to he foot . mr . frank ( cont 'd ) q I say it be not quite ready ! . pope . : > > what you mean be the package be not yet perfect ... _ _ / mr. frank just a couple of tweak - pope | ~ I be not play a game of perfect . and for that matter , neither : - be God . or have not you notice ? there 's a glass window through which we can observe massive , saucer - like cap of the filtration 's cylinder . be knee , he fall into he chair and ass '' - he 's on the phone . night operator gotta talk to marty ... I know what goddamn time it be ! yell marty we get bad water ! : development - night ing . sleepy and quiet . home - night ss mom be kindly bark at she ten - year -old . mom homework then playstation ~ D [ the mon pear a scream from the bathroom . she ind hey , toddler be cover in sud , soap in the ( continued ) a eangae ©2005 twentieth century fox . no duplication without fox's written consent . '' 60 .. . mom ( cont 'd ) why would you - — when the Mom try to turn the. water back on , a trickle from the faucet . quick shot tain stop run . sprinklers on a golf course a playground drinking fount as ary for , man hose , hope .te douse this burn old ire . but - that hose run dry - all at once k shocked . they have never see anything like d '' rage . ' ion room ~ dhs — day the 's ms be show not one contaminate resp exrvoir from Washington D.C. - to Boston . 's that the tall , drawl Chief thompsok . chief thompson see the red dot ? every system on screen be in a. codé red shut down . valve be shut . nobody 's get water . ( ) deputy wigand it 's bullshit . can not be that much bad water . not at the exact same time . it 's just another network attack . tell the plant toe turn the water back on - chief thompson ~ I strongly recommend you relax and think about what you be ask . ( cooler ) - sit. breathe for a moment . and have a drink of water . [ Thompson hold up a brim water glass t¢ die - as if to dare he to drink it . deputy wigand be perground bunker - old farm house - night eying the result of the water contaminat Pope appear weaken , foid himself have chair . Blue silently roll Pope out of @@a05 twentieth century fox . no duplica without fox 's written consent . ic restroom - amtrak station - trenton , mcclane look at himself in the mirror , he face jalready bruise and bloody . ' : mcclane you need a shave , John . be @ spigot to ' wash he hand , mcclane can not get .. éven iy he get exactly what this mean . mcclane ( cont 'd ) . ++. no water . station announcer . ( over low amtrak 419 to penryn , addlebury , middleton , and New York City . ear wear . a baseball cap . he toss a_gi prero to mcclane . mcclane what 's this for ? : jack G to protect you civil liberty . d> Big brother 's get camera all over the platform . keep the hat on and you head down . ( mctlade ies the sombrero on for size . mcclane you mom get my civil liberty in qo the divorce . ~ ext . platform - amtrak station - trenton , NJ - night annoyed passenger watch the lid , dickhead . @ precise moment mcclane instinctively t6o 's up to face of the annoy passenger ? pex , ( of — quick zoom and freeze on - mcclane's parti see , scan , digitize and airmail tg D tion room - dhs - night the partial scan of mcclane 's face , follow by 4 oslel id , ping on a situation operator be scree ! qo ©2005 twentieth century fox . no duplication without fox's written consent . 62 . . . | int . study - old farmhouse - night / @ ' camera rise and hover , we see Pope make penci screen or , I '¢ like the chook spoke of a ' wheel , all game FBI profile and scan image of mcclane a a mortal enemy . mr. frank train stop in penryn , middleton , . New York City . there be superjunction in middleton and Manhattan . if Jack mcclane hook in ' there , I do not know if have ean stop ty with a series of : ind , we slowly push in on Pope at a desk ; the map - erious hub . . wash ( appear ) mcclane be on a train . rg ! ound bunker - old farm house - night n front of Pope . he stare at . the image like a man he from penetrate - pope , - it 's the government 's job to stop he . just make sure they know where to find he . can not take he - eye off that FBI image ( CO mcclane / dation room - dhs -— night @ air of professional panic in the room as find a secure phone , report to a . no puplicat@ without fox 's written consent . deputy . wigand ++- yes , sir . yes ... we be work on that , sir . . and signal , Chief Thompson softly interrt deputy wigand ( cont 'd ) - i'm on with the White House ! chief thompson positive on Jack mcclane . in New Jersey , ona train head for New York City . g@bws twentieth century fox wigand . ' hang upon the White House . Chief a-map . chief thompson ( cont 'd ) we be look to meet the train right . there . middleton . - ext '. northbound amtrak - night pposité ] each other . only mcclane have nodd of F jack G hey ... ( with a slight prod ) hey ! ewake as if somebody stick he with a catt : 1 die jack G ( cont 'd ) nightmare ? . . mcclane . D . «+. naw , nightmare woulda have you mom 's lawyer in it . jack G just will not let it go . ( then ... ) people get divorced , you know . families split . part of life . decide not to answer , mcclane straighten , rub he ace , and '' iook out the window . jack G ( cont 'd ) why even try to be real , right ? not like we ever really talk . : puld drop the subject . but instead he go a down memory lane . sack G ( cont 'd ) hey , pop. dentist say I need brace . ( imitate mcclane ) when I need brace ? my old man say he would give I the five thousand buck if I just quit smilin' . ( as Jack G ) . [ ] yo , pop .. okay if I be home around midnight ? ( more ) ( cont tanteny 63 . '' & uu wo Zz oo oo = E oe S se & 5 9 = E = Zz 9 E 3 a of o. > a ° Zz > < ip 5 - fi oo cx iy ee g 1 ss N 9 jack G ( cont 'd ) ( as mcclane ) ' araaaraa ! wrong answer . wanna play for bonus point ? . ( as Jack G ) remember this one ? sorry pop . but I flunk biology again . ( as mcclane ) . ea so. do I .° but you mom give I a return the smile . but mcclane frown . cece tv makeup exam , otherwise you would not be here . rack a half -smile , look he son in th mcclane I actually say that ? outside 's the window he see the dark profile of afH . mccla ross the aisle , look out the other wh there !'s another helicopter . mcclane ( cont 'd ) ' gotta get off this train . engineer' cab - northbound amtrak - in motto ! eer hang up he cab phone , then turn B pistol in he face . : mcclane do everything - I tell you ! conductor leave all personal item and move to the rear car , please . it 's a matter of personal safety . bther conductor be sweeping passenger the réar . -e.r.t. helicopter - in flight - night istance , rooney can see the northbound t <x qo I a. 2 a 2 ° Za x 3 wo > a > B LW oo = tu ee Z = 65 . so int . rear car ~ northbound amtrak - night car be jamme with frightened passenger cross the threshold into the last car , turn father to join he . but mcclane balk . mcclane you gotta get to that supex - usb — www - dot -com place . jack G | but you 'ré comin ' with I ! mcclane you gotta do you - thing and I gotta do mine ! . you 's thing ? : : , mcclane _. I be gonna paint a target on my ass . it 's what I be good at . jack G but how do I - mcclane - you will figure it out . ( turns. to the engineer ) do it ! giineer gear up the threshold , squat , - pu n( out she pin , then throw the coupler lever . the a gs from the rest.of the train . as the cat part - mcclane ( cont 'd ) do not take any shit . stand over what he expect would be a manual set ontrol , only to find all gauge and dial onto digital screen operate by keyboard and a no 1 joystick . mcclane so how hard can it be ? [ se ony hectane could read the screen . instinct have ©2005 twentieth century fox . no duplication without fox's written consent . : from the inside coat : pocket , mcclane come up witha pair of read flass . he 's in business . ext . the rear car ~ night fot the middle of a pasture ; the. conducto assist relieved passenger off the single ear . amongst the passenger be . Jack G. a helicopte 's overhead , head turn . it 's the d.e.r.t. helicopter comfng i of aj landing . Jack G quickly slip from the crowd spnger have line up and panzarella keep gj the face . rooney get on the radio . ° rooney '' : Jack mcclane 's not here . ' sure he 's not on the train ? . def.r.t. trailer reg : - night - pt a computer station . he 's tapped into ] pm inside the engine cab of the northboub ps be a mini - cam image of mcclane in the hy beebock '' ( into. radio ) . . , can not confirm . all I get be Super cop drive the train . : erground bunker — old . farm house - night s-stare at that 's same live mini ~ cam image \of mcclang @ engine cab , . mr . frank 911 package be a go . pope not yet . Pope poiht a glove finger at the corner of the 's : pope ( cont 'd ) be that a telephone ? ineer' cab - mcclane ~ night g along , nothing but train track . in front / of he . '' where mcclane see the styrofoam meal bow to he eft . he open it to find a half - eat double h : limp frile . after a hungry moment , he say : ~ " mcclane q man ... no pickle ? _ no duplicat@! without fox's written consent , oe twentieth century fox . 67 . mcclane be ready to take a bite when the phone ring 's ; wait a peat . then answer with : mcclane . ( cont 'd ) House of laugh . pope mcclane , version 1.0. a herground bunker - old farm house . - nigh mcclane that 's I . a pinball . guy ina pacman world . : pope ' pacman . that 's old school . mcclane sorry asshole . pinball 's old school . flipper , ball , gravity . you xemember gravity ? think it kill _ you girlfriend . fope 's eye squeeze shut , he knee swivel , foot on the floor , a stand . with one hand , Pope work one of $e keyboard ' irtuoso , call up encryption and text / file like pope be not you the poster boy for progress . I will bet you carry a library card . mcclane best way to meet librarian . kuation room - dhs - night be look at the same mini ~ cam shot of mcd on the amtrak phone ~ only it 's on a fiffee chief thompson Bird be on course for . intercept . deputy wigand can we run a trace on that phone . see who the s.0.b. 's talk to ? chief thompson for he sake , I hope it 's a priest . ©2005 twentieth century fox . no duplication without fox's written consent . 68 . - r.t. trailer rig ~ night jeebo . not only want to know who mcclane be to want to know where they be . it 's not as fast } trace , but we can see a ever- tightening satellite beebock slowly , he 's close on the sobrg somewhere in Pennsylvania . neers cab - northbound amtrak - in motion - sc&n id Pope connect via phone . pope ++» Technology be a lot like you son . no matter how much you love it - or loathe it -- it 's never gonna love you back . ° mcclane important parent tip . remind I to thank you when I be twist that wheelchair around you neck . room - tv news station - night a news producer rush into the office of he new . ch ' or , . " * news producer ' source inside homeland Security just email I . Said they be tracking a hijacked train . . ul helicopter — in flight ~ night pilot radio back to the news station : news pilot - I get it . two mile ahead and movin ' ! be ehough , dead ahead be . the northbound amtrak 3 through the field of Southern New Jersey . as the p he head to see if he . cameraman be xeady : ugh . right alongside the news chopper isthe R. closer inspection reveal rooney strapped into phnger seat . then , as if the sky be not crowded @nough : apache attack helicopter ead , xight underneath both News and d.e|r elicopter . the Apache 's target be the northbound / @5 twentieth century fox . no duplic , @y without fox's written consent . '' 69 . int . situation room - dhs ~ night watch the attack sequence unfold , deputy / wigand cell phone ring . as he answer , we intercut with ; | 57e , .r.t! helicopter - in flight '- night rooney : do not fire on that train ! there 's a strong probability Jack mcclane be on that train . . [ ul deputy wigrnd not you show anymore . and dhs protocol for hijacked train be to knock they off the ' track - : S . . rooney : . - it 's d.e.r.t. 's opinion that Jack . mcclane be we best chance of stop Day 3 ! deputy wigand / that 's exactly what I be do . stop Day 3 . : . - . ( as if order ) D > ' begin attack sequence . engineer' cab - northbound amtrak ~ in motion dive to the floor as the top part of shred . ahead , he see the open doo : he lunge across the threshold into next ; car = where window and seat cushion expléde- behind C as he run . the car be not just bullet ride , it 's ecérajted in a hurricane of heat - treat lead . : mcclane |} dive again , slide to the next door , poppi : g it gpen — and roll into the next car . ext . d.e / ) . r.t. helicopter ~ in flight - night be spitting mad at what she see . rooney wigand , you asshole ! dd [ not grdrcround bunker - old farm house - night 6 . up the phone and mockingly say : o fconnr twit ©2005 twentieth century fox . no duplication without fox's written consent . 70 . pope whaddayou know ? phone go dead . krispy get it on tv . '' Apache helicopter blister the train with 50 mm fire . . : ion room - dhs ~ night je big screen . switch to the news feed . hteround amerak ~ night fin be still charge down the track . the engine za 2 last car be still intact , ' the top half mb eat odern art . R car - northbound amtrak ~ in motion - jengire have stop . so mcclane rise up , dhe rotate around to the rear of the triai el tlo the back door , force it open to see the settlind into a position two hundred yard aft . . mcclane be Pov the Apache 's rocket be aim right at he . nche helicopter - night — r( the order through the apache pilot be heb apacre command begin fire sequence ! lly , the pilot 's finger pull the ' trigger . two rockét k train and apache - in motion - night get sizzle right toward the rear car . ose on mcclane - no time to think . he just scr m the rear car . ion ~ mcclane in mid-air , thread a path between ‘ing rocket . the rocket find they target , turn toa massive eruption of shrapnel and flame . [ | __ twist , TI umber , and fall off the track in a erapley — of scream steel and dirt . '' gb twentieth century . fox . no duplicat @ythour fox's written consent . tl. int . news helicopter - in flight - day ameraman snap he eye back from the spé sight he just witness . -r.t ; . helicopter - in flight - night . _ rooney and crew be speechless . y ynderground bunker ~ old farm house - night pope ~ a._moment , mr.’ Frank stare at Pope , then he xa o\his keyboard and click on a icon that look like a aber package with " 911 " print on it . phone bank ~ reading pennsylvania - nigh pil operator portion into neat cubicl to they computer - generate call list . | h nos every operator pull off they he ° D the screen go blank . - . . dispatch - reading police department — night gj , the other be flip . push in on the driver - in , airbag deploy , barely able to reach he cell . fet when he dial 9 - 1 - 1 we push in on thé speaker : 911 recording all emergency operator be busy . . please hang up and dial again . ' donut - outside middleton , NJ - nig for the pair of sbc guy with name tag hard hat . they're on a late night break , hed quawky - sounding tv hang in the corner . on the tv be a ay of the amtrak wreck . clipped news anchor ( on tv ) we have a update on that hijacked 8 cd train . all passenger appear to be safe and account for . the only assume casualty be the unidentified hijacker ... cconttitng fote t ©2005 twentieth century fox . no duplication without fox 's' written consent . : 72 . swish pan to - jack G | 8 alongside that sbc hard hat , stare latest news . = ~ jack G my dad be on that train . . spc guy no shit ? wow . lucky they get everybody off . '' sack G yeah . lucky . a G 's face say different . he 's certain br g.dead . he begin to convulse , he : stomach roll é load of leftover . grabbing the first thing he can find - rok ual hard hat - Jack G turn away and puke .. BC auuy be aghast . jack G ( cont 'd ) Jesus , sorry . I will wash this out . sorry sorry . Jack G dash to the restroom . sbc guy believe that guy ? {ey behind dunkin ' donut ~ outside midd : crawl from the window , drop to the ground and hit ement xun , camera tilt to a six - story ndowless switching station - night ip in , that sbc hard hat low . he unclip p and the bar code in frent . of the reader - buy and es through the security door . switching station - night populate , but still hum with a few hard - ha Jack G tilt he view up to take in Grand Central ~optic network . six storey of catwalk / encirole smagsive stack of fiber- optic bundle , junct : ns , digital e = , station . [ ner eravaron ~- sbc switching station ~ night imb in , the door shut , and he ride upward to ~- soest € e twentieth century . fox . no duplica .. @without fox's written consent . t-screen monitor and keyboard set at va point - a veritable mainline to all thing dig rooney ( 0.8s . ) - take you long enough . one of that junction monitor . another stand . . jack - g_ the train - ~ ~ get a sidewinder enema . ear be still ringing . ° note mcclane be not wear handcuffs . mccla rooney and back , try to figure — rooney . - yeah , I know . version 1.0 be a pain in the ball . but he think you be we best shot ... so do .i.. farm house - night id Mr. Frank step from the farm house . it appear as if she 's wash dish . e exchange , . inside the kitchen | at lydia be not wash dish . she 's p : nve device , laid out on a dishtowel like ure blanket . pull back wider and a firebird . push through the door into a cylindricall rc s| view swing a hard right , find rooney ear al . a stunne Jack G see mcclane , scrape | @ path , they take notice of lydia in thly we back to lydia , then turn to the rear gate of a d) bronco . as he 's close the gate , we see mge a large , cylinder - like object cover fith a two more classic car park in horse $ talis - ©2005 twentieth century fox . no duplication without fox's written consent . 74 . ext . beyond ' the horse barn -— night with krispy . in hushed voice , they sin he 's certifiable . out of he skull ! krispy ~ you be talk like he 's another start - up . he 's greg Pope . he make money before it be call money . ( closer ) . 2 trust the business model , friend . we be all gonna be rich . x take the last drag of€ the smoke . wiel mr . frank +--+ just wanna he on that beach , wait for the call to put Humpty dumpty back together again . 0 erground bunker - old farm house - nigh ! ers , Mr. Frank right behind he . olivier . telecom package be a go . so if anybody want to call mom , here 's you last ~ : pope ~ someone be smoking . mr , frank that would be I . get a problem | with that ? : pope dirty habit . . mr. frank so 's money . that mean none of we be clean . ' tal solution bank - sbc switching stat vard rooney , panzarella , and beebock be all huddle pok G. Jack G 's finger briefly hover ov } then come the first stroke . on scree , lines\of code appear . 1 cer ] ~ quick shot around the northeastern C at we see : @ : without fox's written consent . 05 twentieth century fox . no duplica a ny 756 hoakd ip , crash by looters , or guard by sho owner . |- ' . . wait room , airport gate , axe , all~night .delis , etc , and ... CHRIS wallace ( on tv ) ++. Fox News have learn that the President plan to '' set the table " . for the potential declaration of Marshall Law . source inside the D White housé have confirm that National Guard unit ' have be put on . immediate alert in the event of additional infrastructure failure . urféle headlong into a satellite , where we be crush . tes of corrupt code as the bot begin infect - then we be shot over to another satelli then d another until .... - quick shot around the northeastern that tvs we just see go black , include Times Square . farm — night '' Pope in he wheelchair , stare up at the starry / 's / , pope ever wonder what it mean ? frontrnsrrent sedate '' ©2005 twentieth century fox . no duplication without fox's written consent . Blue look up at the sky as if he 's never look heforeé . ] then ... blue _ ++. I try not to , Mr. pope. _ bunker - old farm house - night satis . that the tvs be knock out ... . krispy - phone next . then power . and we own it all . . oo olivier ownership have its privilege . . mr. frank . ownership have its responsibility . do not get cocky . that 's when krispy notice a strange series of d up 's on ornexr screen . " krispy : intruder ! _ Jack mcclane be back ! mr . frank dammit . he 's try to peel the code . get Pope . cue dx gital solution bank - sbc switching stat rs be roll up on screen like a hund ine , one lock in after the next . panzarella you 'xe gonna get inside - jack G ~ already be inside . it 's about . what they be gonna do when they find I , rooney be not there some kind of digital fly you can throw a the ointment ? sack G I be the fly in the ointment . . on - mcclane be reaction [ __ neneed for a DNA test . Jack G 's he boy . ( _ ) with : : T see ett ~ no pupticay , wirhout fox's written consent . '' @s twwentieth century fox _ 77 . int . underground : '' bunker - onp farm house ~-> night '' roll in , .no wheelchair at all to prop . hi mu ts work a keyboard : . mr. frank . : try all 's know countermeasure . . nothing kick : back . he 's gotta be plugge into a - pope - superjunction . ( speak as he 's type ) '' how - the - weather ~ in - Jersey ? " g's screen mcclane what kinda crap . be that ? tell he Michael : Jackson want he glove back . mcclane ( cont 'd ) let I in there . : jack G keep you hand - mcclane ( two finger type ) ~ " eat - I ! " I " appear on pope screen , the angrier jhetburn . | | krispy he 's past the outer wall , strip-mine for a source stream ~ mr . frank ~ it 's not like he can stop we . most he can do be slow .us down - @ - _ pope yd ~ he 's smarter than you think . ( continued ©2005 twentieth century fox . no duplication without fox's written consent . 78 . back on - jack g's computer be replace by another - code stripped , {re-committ and return . ~ mcclane and rooney as she whisper to mcclane : rooney Jack 's good , really good . ow . but suddenly Jack G 's hand leavb '' his eye scan the gigabyte of in | z ed on both screen . rooney ( cont 'd ) what 's wrong ? jack G I be lose ... I can not do it , '' rooney try again . dust start over ~ _ jack G . - where ? ' he must have ten million PC 's tie together . . _ mcclane shut it down , then , rooney - shut what dow ? ' mcclane the internet . shut it down . be not ' there some master switch or circuit breaker ... pre at mcclane be comic . panzarella lea panzarella you be actually related to he ? beebock , Intelligence sometimes skip a generation - . jack G - shut up ! pore and . cr be silent . qo { oat krispy . > he 's stop ... he 's give up . 4 ] | — - jack G ; 7 4 ring at mcclane . this be he moment of {e q jack G can not shut down the internet ... but the internet can : shut down ' Pope . 79 . hd to imagine the speed with which Jack G bd culling all the network code and marry ith blanket isp 's . mcclane oa what be you do ? : : jack go ane - you know all that annoying pop-up . and junk mail that clog up you computer ~ I know ~ if you have a computer ? , ( hand work furiously ) . I be send it all to Pope . every single piece of crap on the net . I '' go to break he system . int . unqerground bunker - old . farm house ~ night gero ivier 's computer screen be invade wi ipad for " orbitz Travel . " . : olivier what the fu ... krispy we be get heavy . why 's everything . 80 goddamn slow - ) mr. frank | - it 's junk . the prick , he 's flooding we . we be a magnet for shit ! E on - pope : , ily begin hammer away at the keybo or it look like gobbledygook . but Mr. Frank recognize t : mr . frank ( cont 'd ) : @ ~ that 's the power package ! . . [ pope -ignbres Mr. Frank , continue to " cue up " the +| mx , Frank push in , ( contiene ©2005 twentieth century fox . no duplication without fox's written consent . ae t - mr. frank - ( cont 'd ) that 's not the " business model . " power be suppose to go after we be airborne . after we be . off the rock . - pope " S hand ~ krispy - then olivier ey can not believe what they ' just see . pope. turha ( at mr . frank { cont ' D ) you arrogant ass ! they be not go to pay we to fix the country if they can prove we be the one who break it . pope assume the country be worth fix . look at Pope in complete disbelief . R Pope totally mad ? mr . frank . . hello ? who 's in there ? the white - glove wheelchair guy ? or Jerry 's Miracle kid ? : pope Pope be dead . here Mr , Frank notice the oar imoscare ~ mzcorsen sxor - meer | ( | cy Li , S extinguish . ' pistol hang from Pope 's base | @ 05 twentieth century fox , no duplicagn without fox's written consent . ext . suburban landscape - night x - go out . ext . philadelphia skyline - night one building go dark , then two , then itt as il cloud have roll in . everything go black . hattan skyline ~ night lly , only bigger . it 's a tsunami of pow ps across the Brooklyn , queensborough , a satellite shot attan , Brooklyn , the bronx , Long Island . all ts ey everyone 's silent as they watch the tsunami on dation room - dhs — night powe : tage after power outage - head for waj D.C. deputy wigand ' the President 's gonna have to make another speech . ircuit go . the room go black . S and historical sight - washingto } son and lincoln memorial , the Washington monum a@pitol , and the White House . all light extinguishe a lamp be turn on , revealing big bl ‘rank , krispy , and olivier ~ all dead . '' swung onto - - bi. ©2005 twentieth century fox . no duplication without fox's written consent . fade up on : _ L day 3 follow over black : : radio message this be a message from the emergency service administration ... '' quick shot - new york CITY - dawn radio message +++ please , stay in you home . if you need the leave you home . :. radio message +++ stand first in the front door with you arm over you head . this be for you own . safety ... '' clapboard home ~ dawn ' amily of immigrant duddle around a pink , bie radio message ++. 1£ you be homeless , stay where you be until direct to the nearest disaster relief area , t be loot . abandon car be graffiti int . the d.e.r.t. rig ~ trailer , van , a elicopter - be park and ready . everyon rt ol the rotors : 83 . _ beebock I trace the phone call between _ mcclane and pope . closest I could get be a . area code in lancaster county . : 0 lovett . rooney that's no SMALL piece of pennsylvanya . jack G : . who care the size ? _ game's over . power grid . be pope' last domino . - . mcclane charlie brown be ' not playing with a full set of domino .. freak like he - game's never over . | . rooney you got a plan ? mcclane , what do pope and charlie . brown have in common ? ; jack G nothing . pope be a pragmatist . charlie brown' a anarchist . mcclane neither like getting fucked with . time to start pressing he button . one can answer , mcclane be scroung ingot , pick up - some of that use spray crudely spraynpaint to appear as if it 's a hazmat helicopter . : i rooney ( over loudspeaker ) -.- warning to farmer . keep all livestock penned and fence repaired ; q FEVER be a highly contagious bacteria ... : i -e.r.t. helicopter - in flight ~- day rooney , Jack G , panzarella . helmet fixeg pugh radio headsets . d.e.r.t. pilot be this gonna work ? ©2005 twentieth century fox . no duplication without fox 's written consent . ase - mcclane get another way to smoke he out ? ( cont : 84 . close on . - jack G axingtat the window , cling to he seat . the white knuckle . : rooney scare . of fly ? jack . G sear of get shot down by a F - 18 . . 's od out the window toward the distant je somey nothing to worry about . all non - government aircraft be ground . . mcclane hey , rooney . you have kid ? rooney +-- cat . I have cat . mcclane buy johnny a dog once . ' what we '' mame that dog ? " bozo ? " jack G it 's name be " bingo . " and you do not buy it . be a rescue from the d.e.a . . rooney : you bring home 's a drug sniff dog ? : jack G I be twelve . mcclane found drug do not he ? love that dog : helecopter shot — lancaster county , PA - day inno ) lowe d.e.r.t. chopper soar over anish farm . sheep and cow eallynrise , plow -love amish farmer look annoyed not - r.t. helicopter - in flight ~ day mcclane go lower ! - ct _ delr.t , pilot any lower and I will be scarin ' the buttermilk out the amish . ee twentieth century fox . no duplic.@pn without fox's written consent . ; panzarelia : . ya ya : diese grossen lauten voegel D machen de armen bavern angst ! 7 «( | something xing for mcclane . he remember rooseve ipal answer about Pope 's location . mcclane . that some kind of amish ? . : panzarella . german . technically , the amish speak german - [ uu ] a mix of dutch and " = Mary the land goat - or something like that . " mean anything to you ? panzaréila think , then . a panzarella , - " meer landgoed . " means '' farm on the lake . " mcclane that 's it ! any lake in lancaster County ? nbw reveal the old farm be nestle at the edge of a ig '' Pope a op , sug strol along a shoreline path B to the rear be Blue and wash . Pope 's fresh air . . pope : smell that ? no electric charge , microwave pulse , television signal . it 's a new world - rooney ( over loudspeaker ) +++ warning to farmer : electric fence be down . we have a outbreak of q FEVER ... pope q fever. coxielia burnetii . Pope 's éye begin to swerve . . panic begin to se . — — — _ _ pope ( cont 'd ) we have to 1 : ight the fire . we have to kill the germ . ( conti ed 85 . pe| stall at the distant sound of a voice echoing acrod C no countryside , follow by helicopter roto ©2005 twentieth century fox . no duplication without fox's written consent . eye peel , everybody in the chopper have a position thes | e , dpor be lift to reveal that three classic car ; the elle to revea , seth cn DF -r,t . helicopter - in flight - day scour andscape . rooney I do not even know what I be look for . mcclane 86 . wash the q germ ? . pope all the germ . E barn -. near the old farm house - day , the firebird , and the bronco . in Pope 's fist . once seat , Pope unfufl p it 's the schematic he would draw - the onk poke go into a hub . deviation . flaw . shit that look out of place - like it do not belong . d.e.r.t. pilot like classic car on parade . rooney . I be from Manhattan . it all . look out of place - mcclane ~ what would you say about car ? d.e.r.t. pilot / five o'clock . ' 69 chevelle , '75 bronco , ' 72 firebird — 005 twentieth.century fox . no puplic abn without fox's written consent . * mcclane - turn around ! > ext . rural highway - day they come , Pope 's parade of classic car eradle by the chevelle in front and the firebisxtd . the B ) rear , in the b.g. , we see the d.e:r.t. halicopte : h.r.t. helicopter - in flight — day the d-e.r.t . Pilot have the three car on visual . mcclane when 's the last time you see three . muscle car cruise through amish country ? : . > : d.e.r.t ; pilot beauties , be not they ? when America build real car . no silicon . chip , ( D ) no motherboard - jack G ' no computer ? just piston , spark plug . : ° ig be seriously bugging Jack G. d> CUT to - left and right ~ dhs gunship ( numbered one two ) : of gunship two give a " put-it - down " ge inspection reveal deputy wigand in the ¢sture . mcclane keep goin ' ! d.e.r.y. pilot : government gunship say put it down , I be put down ! : look to she right . gunshtp one fall b izing position . mcclane keep goin ' ! it 's a bluff . d.e.r.t. pilot it 's a goddamn good one . I be not get shot down by my own side ! chevelle - in motion - day S ope tilt he side view mirror . he can see the / cle [ brfss tellicopter . Pope speak into a walkie- to hp. pope : qo lydia ? you know what to do . C 's 87 . ©2005 twentieth century fox . no duplication without fox's written consent . -~ 88 . close on . ~ jack G / . e eat he come . out in word . — jack G a car that work without computer chip or motherboard . impregnable to ... . : ome wa aee T rooney -.. impregnable to what ? jack G e-m-p! bronco - in motion . ~ day sure.enough , we see lydia reach back and yank the ¥urn tdre blanket\off that mysterious , cylindrical item - a emp bomb ! ghe ssehgage the safety and pull the trigger . explosion be in slow motion ... it start ickly turn into a ice blue wave tha bcape and airspace above . — : the d.e.r.t. helicopter lose power , instrument sparking . the pilot wref fok control , on k qi . no puptica @ N witout fox 's written consent . rock by they own loss of power , both aird control , hide - helicopter airspace aft gunship one careen away on its ow ory toward the road ... he see what 's about to happen . 0 - spin wildly right into the d.e; R - the helicopter collide mid-air . grab rooney and pull she down just as > prtwo' rotor blade ~ cut through the d.e. elicopter 's fuselage , miss rooney by inch . new e I recoil from the hail of metal shard . pl - continue to wrestle the stick as ~ @o twentieth century fox . 89 . airspace - without a rotor , gunship two plumuet . '' helicopler - its rotor still intact , the auto-rotate . against the air , slow they fast 's descent . , rooney . - mcclane use the momentum of és ) to toss rooney into a rear seat . instinctively sh¢@ pull the harness while mcclane pull the buckle into the . - snap ! she 's in , but - : and rooney ~ no sooner be she buckle when into the tree cause the helicopter to s' tail section ~ be . tear away , include the seat be buckle . : . horrify to lose rooney , have no time jo watch gway . mcclane be hang out of the open for iselage as\ ~ the helucopter - or what 's leave of it , begin to laan she pugh be he tree branch toward the ground . . : jack G dad !! ~ grab he son 's hand . Jack G pulis and ( mcclahe isafely back into the fuselage . ' op -' gunship one crash onto the shou for wash 's firebird . wash swerve , but the n's xotor slice the top of the firebird be . o - lydia panic , hit the brake , send | the bronco skid , two wheel slide . chevelle - connect with the bronco , - the bronco spin away into the ditch . the chevelle flip , tumble four tine efore come to rest , upside down and steaming . wide @ burn gunship , the wreck firebird , the flip chevelle . ie smoke and dust we see Jack G , still ha and work to get unfasten . . ( continuedy - ©2005 twentieth century fox . no duplication without fox's written consent . cadena t 90 . sack G dad ? : ( unbuckle ) $ o* 4 eel from he father 's empty seat to th bo e_a wincing , one - eye mcclane check the pild vital , he 's dead . . Jack G look at the body and . : jack G ( cont 'd ) we should be dead . mcclane 's yeah , well . wanna trade place with he ? : . ( push by ) do not think so . ex\s Pov - out the cracked windshield distance , he can see the smoking wreck on the highway . Blue pull Pope from the flip cheve ; the dle.r.t. pilot' pistol mcclane pnholster it from the dead man , check then achingly push for a exit . reck on the highway - day J , but determine lydia throw a shouldd bronco 's} door , push out into the middle of the assis @ batter Blue and Pope .. lydia help ie bronco . . Doors slam . in four-wheel - d a 3 . the ! bronce out of the ditch , then slam it nto drive ) , swerves through the smoke and fire to get back_on trgék . to - mcclane and jack G g from the tree as fast as they be physically ablud py miss Pope and crew in the bronco by meré moment . d / and half -burn . Jack G stamp it out . anwhile , be stump by the strange flame rise from thi . mcclane what be this shit ? of . twentieth century fox . no duplica@gn without fox's written consent . '' 91 . oo - ' sack G. . : > Natural gas. line . power 's go , so : 5 the safeties must be off _to relieve the pressure -~ . : | oo mcclane - but where do they go ? . bo jack G = where do not they go ? Natural gas . . run everywhere . almost every house , every city , coast to coast ... foot : mcclane / +> " America 's stand on top of a time bomb . " johnny_take another look at that half - burn up map . '' smoking gunship wreck q¢ amongst the shrapnel be munition , we se . mcclane examine a couple of grenade he belt , then pick up a assault rifle 's dy then toss it to Jack G. D. mcclane ( cont 'd ) know how to - : sack G . ~ m16 a4 automatic carbine . ( rack a load ) . halo 2 . X box live . I be the master Chief . the firebird he roof slice clean off . mcclane pull opt what 's wash . tilt up to Jack G. : . jack G ( cont 'd ) . ever get tired of all the blood ? tire of get beat . . iccfanemsteps into the firebird . Jack G , too . mcclane pull out oto ] the highway and follow that low , hover flama , e amerazoom ~ the half - burned map / : Zeroing lin on the hub of all that spoke . we wissqlve : ©2005 twentieth century fox .. no duplication without fox's written consent . 92 . high shot - natural , gas junction : station ~ DB ree acre site . giant pipe spring from amid rusted , . corrugate metal shed and old trailef3 with chain - link and razor wire . this be the hub fate we see the firebird pull through and m the firebird , silently look leave , rigtit , but for the break gate , everything look '' normal . mcclane motion for Jack G to cohe mcclane clockwise or to the right . jack G what ? mcclane to stop a chain reaction we will have to manually shut every valve we can find . clockwise or to the right . ( then ... ) . whatever happen next . you do not ' stop to save I , I do not stop to save you . we just get do what - - need to - | see - cee_mdas ) of a engine . noclane and Jack G wheel cy of fire into the dirty windshield , mcclane oni pp split second to shove Jack G clear and ~- . + mcclane tumble backward , crash into|the chain enfe . he hit the ground with a sicken |thud . # from the bronco , look around for Jack / G . but blue like that shit ? how ' bout ir drop q you three storey . just like gabby . 05 twentieth century fox . no duplica@g without fox's written consent . * have vanish . not a trace . Blue approach ang . é ; . 93. in pain , try : to find he foot . his break , hang from a even more useless shoulde grenade the one mcclane clipped to he belt . they lay bd Blue my meciane . Blue stride slowly , pick up both grenade ppcket they . next , he train he sight on mbc hawling down the fence line , try to redc} blue ( cont 'd ) . a one armed old man ? you be like we , now . a misfit . at line the wall , each with a emergency head lamp rut on a hard hat , switch on the lamp , / then ds , gun forward . pipe complex , mcclane be clearly outmatchéd by big mcclane have nowhere to maneuver . he duckg one kick get clipped by the next , nearly stumble off the massive fitting ; before leaping for a hang cable . tall . he merely have to reach , grabbing|a cable both hand , toyingly swinging it leave and right as i : & mcclane loose . finally , Blue grab the cablewith hs , hang , throw that long leg out unt . htly around mcclane . arm to hang on with , he try to kick be ay ; sless . sre rare ©2005 twentieth century fox . no duplication without fox's written consent . 94 , and blue le have @verything work for he , length and leferage pull on mcclane until they both come crash ] dom another . pipe ~set . blue ince , crack rib as they land . and when he wriggle away from Blue , it 's useless . fe 3 p , all arm and leg snake around mccl ex 's death grip . Blue swivel and toss ane - ovd ~ then again - slam : then with a arm twis| 4 feo 2 throat , he cut off mcclane 's windpipe '' meqlaye heow aj fist , but Blue just catch it , twist mcclane '¢ ist - sver until - ja | . blue ~ hey . that 's rosey 's bowl ring ! mcclane , Trade you for it . blue . . Trade you ? shit. tight on - blue' teeth y clamp down on mcclane 's index finger , catch the d ) slide it off . Blue proudly reveal ea a bowl ring stick between he tooth . fp hard foot into Blue 's chest , send the se elail backwards , «+ ion fall - off the top of the pipe con the grenade explode , int . junction ~ the hub - day grenade explosion echoe through the pipe . tion to lydia 's alert face . she return : 's twentieth century fox . no pupticn @ without fox's written consent , 95 . int . near the valve junction room - the . hub - day tall at the SOUND of pope' voice . he bwitch off he lig ! tee int , crouch and peer in a crack between fitting . — ~ : Pov - the valve junction space be where all the natural gas pipe meet 's . he Zee | and pope. lydia be attach the detonator ywire - to a. eld by pope. : : . ell entry - the hub ~ day , rs , xight hand ' hold the pistol , bht\wj ary so limp , he have no way to steady himsel . slide , then tumble down the stairwell . mcqlane layid a crunch . . mcclane mother-fu .... - p R valve room - the hub - day . phis — be ja large , curve corridor with master val ! twenty ~ - flive foot . Jack G sling the rifle and sta d> the first wheel . R the valve junction room - the hub - day slide along the wall . see the light pf the valye room and call ~ : mcclane jitjaracccckrerek ! et iction room ane step down the step ... pope ( 0.s. ) . thing really have not change . clane swing the pistol onto a stiffly er and unarm Pope . pope ( cont 'd ) we think we be so evolve . 's but look at it . all of this . pipe , connection . this particular hub be just a router through which another _ lifeline flow - hs 't ] of nowhere come lydia , throw a crushi : ross mi clane 's skull . the pistol be kick aw : y . cf ©2005 twentieth century fox . no duplication without fox's written consent . . 96 . int . outer valve room - jack G - day ves on to another valve , spin the big wheel clockwise until it 's shut . . mcclane find he foot . he try to focus . he dan . bee. |bd of lydia 's eye . the real right eyeball and the glassy '' eft . ej ) hint mcclane , throw punch with a boxer 's , ski gj left and rights , spilling he to the fléqdr , p sicken grin ... or a three - foot pipe wrench . lydia be on of rhing he over , straddle he and pound 's with he ead at mcclane . so mcclane send a hai. ing she and send she reeling . the pipe wrench . McClané\reaches it , grab one end , throw he weight and 5 the claw catch lydia in she blind spof , spin lane whirl , swinging the wrench again pea : she blind spot with each blow . with oné last hard ydia 's skull give . : ere with lydia 's blood . ' the germaphobe in he Pope scream ! pipe , reach for anything to steady he , fall ; jack G ( 0.8 . ) dad ! and / mcclane . knotted and bloody . Pope gritshis tedth ves a pistol in mcclane 's neck . [ 28k taper + aise , shaking , and hold on the tangle|of + a cy a his pov swing quickly over to the lap 's oop . junction - the hub ~ day yp ci twentieth century fox . no duplic qwitour fox's : written consent . '' 97 , > ; on screen , the number whiz by . ' the bomb be . on a . mcclane - ++. shoot he . ~ pope go ahead . kill you father . - mcclane screw that , take the ' shot . Pov down the barrel of the rifle . this be not halo 2 mcclane ( cont ' D ) listen to I , " sue . " you gotta stop the bomb . ' take the shot ! 's / aim suddenly steady , he 's just about + gger - jack G ~ never underestimate a child 's instinct to save they parent . es bam ! - the bullet skim by mcclane 's head and strike Pope between the eye . Dead . b . he can not believe what he son just d --. gotta get I a X box . eel down to help he father and - mcclane ( cont 'd ) the bomb . jack G believe I . there 's '' nothing to do but run . c'mon. —& yard - day arm , mcclane and Jack G exhume themselves from the mcclane se what about the valve ? to anck & get most of them shut . : ( conttnr ©2005 twentieth century fox . no duplication without fox's written consent . mcclane most of ‘em ? . _ jack G | I be not count , I be just - es the bronco . : mcclane - shut up and drive . 's '' pipe yard - day imb into the bronco , Jack G @ bronco start , Jack G drop he floor . the bronco roar ahead , blow knk fence . : . wed . by flame . helicopter shot o charge , bump , slide through t they , the pipeline continue erupting . q sean : rear view mirror >. t flame and fireballs . . jack G it 's chase we ! _ mcclane : keep you foot on the gas ! ( look behind ) . we gotta stop it before . the line split ! otherwise - jack G ~ chain reaction , no shit . any idea ? mcclane ; yeah . go faster . the edge of a ten foot cliff and slam @ natural drainage channel . GE channel erupt in earth and fire behind the bronco . the : the small canyon be too steep for the bronco to the only direction be straight ahead . ' ern slope - day 's the other section of the d.e.r.t. hel} 1 rooney and panzarella stand and turn to unifiaginable sight . : . m 7 storched earth , and that move fireball canyon - continue to erupt with ten-story flame . sf the move fireball ~- dwarf by the size of hey cam see the bronco . : panzarella be that -— rooney - mcclane ! blope ~ SMALL canyon — day that ngtural drainage channel end in a steep slobe . the bronco charge up and — ° a ©2005 twentieth century fox , no duplication without fox's written consent . ~ jack G hang on ! 100 . slow motion 'o soar in the air . mcclane's Pov . Z00 ms : other end of a cornfield , he see a natur . junction , pipe busting from the ' ground . . mcclane there ! jack G I get it ! mcclane , I know you do . just stay on that : line . and jump when I tell you . : jack G . just because I listen to you once , do not mean — ball . . ingl the corn , send spray of earth a hundred foot air . . the fireball be close fast , mirror pall be right on they ass . he pipe junction . ris put of the cornfield . Jack g understand , / now . h 5 @ wheel , push the accelerator down to the fioor| . ce pcre that 's it ! you get it . go , go , go , - go! 101 . ' lijmhe fireball be lick at the rear of the brondh yard ahead be the pipe Junction . 6 door it ‘open . : . mcclane ( corr ) my side ! let 's go !- hot gball - the bronco - the pipe junction - father and : no at each other . . '' " mcclane and jack G : yippeekayaymotherfuckerrrrrrrrn!!t!t jack gs . Leap from the move bronco , roll to a muddy stop the cornfield . pdlong through the pipe junction , complete sever end both side away from the other . one side be a blaze , roaring , mouth d fhe other side be disperse inert gas to thel air . eball have be stop . . tfield — day jack G C ) maybe you could hotwire it . ©2005 twentieth century fox . no duplication without fox's written consent . maybe I could show you how and you could hotwire it . jack G : Bet you would wanna drive , too . mcclane just my speed . moment later ane and Jack G aboard the hot-wire tractor . gr mcclane riding . crane : up . johnny '' ash 's augivard ) [ L damn right . that ol ' thing 1 cok " a Boy name Sue " play over credi dho® 102 . é ts . & ea twentieth century fox . no puptica . mpwithout fox's written consent .