" live in oblivion " screenplay by Tom dicillo shoot draft 1995 a batter 35 mm movie camera stand alone on a wooden tripod surround by blackness . open credit begin . a almost imperceptible dolly in toward the movie camera . the dolly forward continue throughout the credit end in a extreme cu of the camera 's lens , fill the frame like a giant , glass full moon . fade to black . suddenly a door open directly in front of the camera , wiping the lens and revealing the follow scene in Black and White . ext . STREET . NYC . night a quiet , desert industrial street . it be over a hour before dawn and the street be still cloak in the heavy stillness of night . in the weak light filter out of they batter van , bert and cybil -- the craft service manager , finish set out breakfast supplies on a 6 ' table . they work in almost complete silence , both nearly paralyze with sleep . a cheap walkie - talkie , lie beside a paper plate of soggy oreos , sputter and buzze occasionally . other item on the table include a mangle banana , seven grape , and a box of chocolate cover donut . bert what time be it ? cybil four . why ? bert this milk be bad . cybil ( sniff ) when do you buy it ? bert Tuesday ? I do not know . what 's today ? cybil Monday . ( pause ) there 's a deli on Broadway . bert nothing closer ? cybil nothing that 's open . bert ( sniff the milk ) be it that bad ? cybil I do not know . you be the one who say it be bad . at that moment a large truck grind around the corner and shudder to a stop in front of the building . bert replace the carton of milk neatly beside the orange juice . ext . STREET . NYC . night . b/ W amid low , one - word greeting , the crew tumble out of the truck and stand in a groggy cluster around the craft service table . wolf -- the cameraman , assume a place of prominence . he wear a black leather coat , a black beret , and black leather half - finger glove . wolf this be the worst fuck coffee I have have in my life . cybil then do not drink it . gaffer what be we do today ? wolf ( pull out a wrinkle callsheet ) " Interior . live room . ellen talk to Mom . " ac any nudity ? cybil yeah , you have to take you fuck pants off . ac I will do it . I like ellen . gaffer yeah , she 's a babe . she be the nurse in that Richard gere movie . bert I work on that . ac the shower scene . wolf start with the 5 k in the window . run feeder for three blond into the live room . gaffer two people . sitting ? stand ? wolf who fuckin ' know ? gaffer ( walk off ) " ellen talk to Mom . " int . car . night . b/ W nicole sit quietly in the back seat of a beat - up station wagon . she glance out at the empty city move past she window and let out a deep sigh . jeff , the young intern assign as she driver , glance into the rearview mirror . jeff tire ? nicole no , I have be up since four . I have get a big scene today and I be kind of nervous . jeff " ellen talk to Mom . " nicole have you read the script ? jeff no . it 's on the callsheet . nicole oh. well , it 's pretty emotional . I tell my mother I never feel she really love I . jeff you be go to yell at each other ? nicole I do not know . I be just go to go with how I feel . which be the scary part . I be very close to this character . jeff problem with you own mom ? nicole yes . but she die before I , well before we could reconcile ... jeff you be great in that Richard gere movie . nicole thanks . ext . residential HOTEL . night . b/ W cu sidewalk . a pair of woman 's orthopedic shoe enter the frame and begin pace . camera pan up to reveal cora , a small woman in she early 60 , pace beneath the awning of she residential hotel . she appear to be rehearse dialogue with herself . cora ellen , I have no memory of this whatsoever . ellen ... ellen I have no memory of this whatsoever . Jeff pull the car up to the curb and cora get into the back seat . int . car . night . b/ W nicole good morning , " Mom . " cora ( gruff ) Morning . nicole sleep well ? cora not a wink . cora immediately light a cigarette . Nicole instinctively wrinkle she nose and turn away . cora notice this and make a exaggerated effort to keep the smoke away from Nicole by blow it hard out the side of she mouth . Jeff glance back at the two woman in the rearview mirror . no one speak . int . set . dawn . b/ W nick -- the director , wolf -- the cameraman and wanda -- the ad , stand in a loose triangle on the darken set . all be hold coffee cup . the gaffer can be see in the background fumble with a light . nick look , I be not blame anybody , wanda . I be just say we leave last night and I know we do not get that scene . wanda I be sorry , I think it be a great scene , Nick . nick it be ok ; and it 's go to be alright . but I be not settling for ok today . this be a big scene and I be not leave till we get it . wanda whatever it take , Nick . we be here for you . nick alright , here 's what I be think . Wolf , I want to do the whole scene in one shot . wolf it 's be do . nick I know that but I would like to try it anyway . wolf handheld . nick no , dolly . we go from Close - up to Wide - shot and back to Close - up in the same shot . wolf I will use the 35 , minimize distortion ; I will light it all from the ceiling . it could be kind of great . wanda sound incredible . how long , Wolf ? wolf I will need to see a couple run - through . nick not too many . it 's a tough scene for the actor . I want they to feel relaxed , fresh ... wanda we have get all day , Nick . whatever it take . what do you think , Wolf -- a hour , 45 ? wolf I do not know how you drink that shit black , Nick . I get to dump in the milk . it 's the only way I can cut the taste . suddenly the gaffer turn on the 5 k , flooding the room with harsh , blind light . nick Jesus ! wolf what the fuck ?! wanda flame on , asshole !! the screen go completely white . int . set apt . day . b/ W screen be still white . gradually it shift back to proper exposure revealing nicole in medium cu . her eye be riveting ; it be obvious she be emotionally prime for the scene . a light meter be thrust in front of she face . she barely register it . ws , the entire live room set . Nicole sit on a sofa face cora seat opposite in a overstuff chair . two flat have be join at right angle to create the live room corner . a table lamp and assort frame photograph complete the rather scrawny look set . most of the movie crew be see , include Wolf look through the camera . wanda ok , picture 's up . quiet . stop the work . lock it up . go for picture . Nick approach Nicole and cora . nick ok , nice and easy . cora you be do fine . remember , really listen and really answer . ( smile at Nicole ) I have get nothing to say to you . just let it happen . it 's all there . wanda ready , Nick ? wolf look at this a second , Nick . Nick move behind the camera and look through the eyepiece . another cu of Nicole fill the frame . the image be visually and emotionally breathtaking . wolf I push in a foot . she 's incredible . it 's come right through the lens . Nick grip Wolf 's shoulder in gratitude . nick that 's great , man . beautiful . wanda ready , Nick ? nick let 's go . right away . wanda and , roll sound . SOUND speed ! wanda and , roll camera ! ac Rolling ! clapper scene six , take one . ( hit the stick ) nick action . int . apt . the scene : take 1 . color from the moment Nick call " action " the film will cut directly to the shot the set camera be filming . the shot be fluid , graceful and in richly , beautiful color . Nicole 's performance be very strong ; flaw only slightly by she nervousness . nicole dad hit I first and knock I down . it do not hurt that much but I start cry anyway , hope he would leave I alone . he go over and start hit Danny . cora ellen , I have no memory of this whatsoever . nicole you be just stand there look at I . then you pull I up and say , " you be not hurt . " like I be disgusting for fake , for do the only thing I could think of to keep he from hit I again . cora I be worried about Danny . nicole you do remember . cora he be smaller than you . Nicole turn to cora with the heartbreaking gaze of a abandon child . Nick and the rest of the crew watch in awe . nicole you be so worried about Danny -- suddenly the boom dip all the way into the shot . int . set apt . day . b/ W wolf cut! boom in . sorry , I have to cut . Les , you boom be all the way in the shot . boom well , where 's the frame line ? all the crew move around , all talk at once . wanda ok , can we get a frame line ? hold it down . we be go again right away . nobody move . Les , you get the frame line ? boom I guess so . wanda ok , here we go . right away . picture 's up . Nick approach Nicole and cora . nick beautiful ; both of you . stay focus . stay with it . no big deal . let 's go , wanda . right away . wanda Roll sound ! SOUND speed ! wanda Roll camera ! ac Rolling ! clapper scene six , take two . ( hit the stick ) nick and , action . int . apt . the scene : take 2 . color nicole dad hit I first and knock I down . it do not hurt that much but I start cry anyway , hope he would leave I alone . he go over and start hit Danny . cora ellen , I -- the image suddenly go out of focus . int . set apt . day . b/ W ac I be sorry , I have to cut . I be completely off on the focus . it 's my fault , I be sorry . wanda thanks for the apology but you will never work in this town again . ( laughter ) ac I have get it now . wanda here we go , right away . lock it up . and roll sound ... SOUND speed ! wanda Roll camera ! ac Rolling ! clapper scene six , take three . ( hit the stick ) nick and , action . int . apt . the scene : take 3 . color the scene begin once again . remarkably , Nicole 's enormous commitment be just as full and sharp . Nick be in ecstasy . nicole dad hit I first and knock I down . it do not hurt that much but I start cry anyway , hope he would leave I alone . he go over and start hit Danny . cora ellen , I have no memory of this whatsoever . suddenly a car stop right outside , a heavy , bass - drive rap song blast out of its trunk - mount speaker . int . set apt . day . b/ W SOUND Street noise ! wanda that 's a cut ! ( into she walkie ) what the fuck 's go on down there !? you call that a lock -up !? get that car out of there ! nick Jesus Christ . why do not the guy just get a flatbe trailer with about 600 speaker on it and tow it behind he car . everyone nod in annoyed agreement ; everyone except the boom man who appear to be follow the music with the mike , bop to it through the headphone . slowly , interminably , the music fade off into the distance . SOUND and ... it 's clear . wanda ( into she walkie ) do I have a lock -up ? walkie ( v.o. ) kkkkkssst ... sttttss yes . wanda be that a real lock -up ? walkie ( v.o. ) ssssssssssssppppkkss . wanda ok , right away . picture 's up . Roll sound . SOUND speed ! wanda and , roll camera ! ac Rolling ! clapper scene six , take four . ( hit the stick ) nick action . int . set apt . the scene : take 4 . color nicole dad hit I first and knock I down . it do not hurt that much but I start cry anyway , hope he would leave I alone . he go over and start hit Danny . cora ellen , I have no memory of this whatsoever . nicole you be just stand there look at I . then you pull -- suddenly the boom drop into frame again . int . set apt . day . b/ W wolf boom 's in . nick Jesus Christ . boom where ? wolf the whole leave side of frame , Les . wanda alright , can we please get a motherfuck frame line please ?! boom the frame keep change . wolf that 's the idea , Les . SOUND May I make a suggestion ? be it possible to maybe break the shot down ? maybe two shot instead ? might make it easier for Les . nick no . SOUND then I need ten minute to switch to radio mike . wanda you call , Nick . nick there will not be any other sound problem ? SOUND no more boom problem . nick switch to radio . wanda that 's a ten-minute break . release the lock -up . stand by . wolf ( to the ac ) get I a coffee . half milk . int . set apt . day . b/ W Nick look for Nicole but see only cora stand by the couch . Les have both arm up the back of she dress , run the wire to she radio mike . she 's wear stocking roll down to just above she knee . Nick turn and spot Nicole by herself in a dark corner of the set and walk over to she . int . set apt . a corner . day . b/ W nick I be sorry about all this , Nicole . nicole it 's not you fault , Nick . be there a way to use some of the earlier take ? nick not unless I change the shot ; do a cutaway of cora or something and intercut the take . I do not want to do that . it 's a really nice shot and what you be do be incredible . nicole thanks , Nick . nick the radio mike be go to make everything easier . so , look . take a moment . let all this shit go . we do not roll till you be ready . nicole ok . Nick move back to the set , leave Nicole in the shadow . camera stay on she as she begin emotionally prepare herself once again . script ( v.o. ) how be she in that Richard gere movie ? cybil ( v.o. ) so-so . camera slip halfway through a open bedroom door , hold Nicole on one side of the frame while revealing pam the script supervisor and cybil sit on the floor smoking . though separate by the wall , Nicole hear everything the two woman say . script her career really take off , do not it ? cybil I see she in a Michael bolton video . script she be nice ; but I could do a better job . camera slip into a cu of Nicole . she close she eye as the two woman continue talk about she . screen go black . int . set apt . day . b/ W a black scrim , hold by the gaffer , pass in front of the camera , revealing the set with Nicole and cora settling in for a take . wanda where 's that flag go ? gaffer it 's a scrim . wanda Wolf ! wolf two second , wanda . wanda no . no more tweak . picture 's up . ( into she walkie ) lock it up ! Wolf quickly motion gaffer to hand -hold the scrim in front of the 5k . wanda and , roll sound . SOUND speed ! wanda Roll camera ! ac Rolling ! clapper scene six , take five . ( hit the stick ) nick action . int . set apt . the scene : take 5 . color once again the scene begin . Nicole show the first sign of lose she concentration . nicole dad hit I first and knock I down . it do not hurt that much but I start cry anyway , hope he would leave I alone . he go over and start hit Danny . cora ellen , I have no memory -- suddenly there be a tremendous explosion send bit of glass fly through the frame . cora jump , clutching she chest . cora oh , God ! int . set apt . day . b/ W cu the light the gaffer have be hold the scrim before . it be smoking and shattered . nick Jesus fuck Christ ! wolf ( to the gaffer ) kill it . kill it . pull the plug . right there by you foot . wanda that 's a cut . anybody hurt ? cora , be you alright ? cora nod wordlessly , gasp for breath . wanda props . props ! let 's get a broom up here right away . clear the set ! int . apt . hallway . day . b/ W Nick , cora , and Nicole stand in a corner of the landing . Nick be make obvious attempt to lighten the mood . nick well , let 's see . what do you think be go to happen next , cora ? cora I be go to have a heart attack ! nick no , you be not . you be go in there in two minute and we be really go to nail this scene . I know it . I have no doubt about it . Nicole ... Nick turn to Nicole and stop in midsentence . he look at she for a long moment . Nicole return he gaze then suddenly look away . wanda ( v.o. ) Nick ! Nick ! nick one second ! Nick hesitates a moment then rush back to the set . cora I will tell you this much right now ; I be never , ever do another fuck low - budget movie . int . set apt . day . b/ W Nick join wanda and Wolf on the set couch and chair . nick what 's up ? wanda Wolf and I be talk ... ellen 's lose it a little bit . you get three quarter of the scene really , really incredible in the first take . do a quick cut - away and all you need be a pickup of the last part of the scene . nick Wolf ? wolf you know how I feel ; I love this shot . Hell , I design it . nick then let 's just stick with the game plan , ok ? it 's a simple shot . we be go to get it this time , I feel it . wanda we be here for you , Nick . whatever it take . Nick move off . wanda stare at Wolf who studiously inspect he light meter . wanda thanks . int . set apt . day . b/ W camera be close on the black - and - white clapboard . Nicole 's face can be partially see behind it . wanda and , roll sound . SOUND speed ! wanda and , roll camera ! ac Rolling ! clapper scene six , take six . ( hit the stick ) nick action . int . set apt . the scene : take 6 . color as the scene begin again , it be obvious that both actress be completely distract . Nick 's face betray a rapidly increase anxiety . nicole dad hit I first and knock I down . it do not hurt that much but I start cry anyway , hope he would leave I alone . he go over and start hit Danny . cora I ... there be a long awkward pause as cora realize she can not remember she line . int . set apt . day . b/ W nick cut . that 's ok , cora . what 's the line ? just say it to I ; no act . cora I ... ( pause ) ac " ellen , I have no memory of this line whatsoever . " amid general tittering from the crew , wanda yell out . wanda ok , could we get the line please ?! script ! script ( Pam ) " ellen , I have no memory of this whatsoever . " wanda thank you . and , roll sound . SOUND speed ! wanda and , roll camera ! ac Rolling ! clapper scene six , take seven . ( hit the stick ) nick action . int . set apt . the scene : take 7 . color the scene begin again . Nicole be lifeless ; she 's merely say the line . nicole dad hit I first and knock I down . it do not hurt that much but I start cry anyway -- cora I be worried about Danny ! Nicole stop cold , completely throw by cora jump she line . nicole I be sorry , I be lose ... int . set apt . day . b/ W nick cut. it 's ok . no big deal . Nick 's voice have the rigid tremble of someone barely able to keep from scream . nick everyone relax . we be just go to run the line . that 's all . no act . just run the line . then we be go to shoot this fuck scene . int . set apt . the couch . day . b/ W Nicole get up quietly and sit next to cora on the couch , wordlessly take she hand in hers . cora ( whisper ) I be so sorry . I be fuck this up for you . nicole ( whisper ) cora , do not even think that . you be do great . I be the one who 's fuck it up . if I get through this I swear I be never act again . she mean it . cora glance up at she , see for the first time how pain and defeat have draw the life from Nicole 's face . on a impulse cora reach out and gently lift a strand of Nicole 's hair from she eye . a sudden amaze alarm fill Nicole . the live room grow strangely quiet . nick ( faintly , from a distance ) and , action on the run-through . cu Nicole . she look quickly toward Nick in confusion . int . hospital room . day . color dissolve to a nurse move quickly past the camera and out the open door of the hospital room . cu Nicole , seat on the edge of the hospital bed . still confuse , she look down at the old woman lie in the bed . the woman 's face be pale and draw . as Nicole lean closer she mother reach out and gently brushes a strand of hair away from she face . the gesture be one of love , acceptance , and farewell . it be identical to the one we have just see cora make to she . nick ( v.o. ) and action on the run-through . int . set apt . day . b/ W ws , the live room set. Nick , wanda , the rest of the crew stand quietly . Nicole glance over at cora and instantly something unspoken and unexplain pass between they . the run-through begin . from the moment Nicole open she mouth it be obvious there have be a remarkable change in she . every word now have the stun clarity of truth . cora be completely engulf in the moment . nicole dad hit I first and knock I down . it do not hurt that much but I start cry anyway , hope he would leave I alone . he go over and start hit Danny . cora ellen , I have no memory of this whatsoever . nicole you be just stand there look at I . as Nicole continue , one by one the crew turn and watch this exquisite moment happen before they . Nick 's face be light with rapture . nick ( whisper ) Roll camera ... roll camera . he glance over and to he horror see that no one be behind the camera . he whisper frantically to the ac . nick where 's Wolf ? ac ( whisper ) in the bathroom ... he do not feel good . nick ( whisper ) get he ! get he ! Nick turn back to the scene , watch its beauty now in agony . nicole then you pull I up and say , " you be not hurt . " like I be disgusting for fake , for do the only thing I could think of to keep he from hit I again . cora I be worried about Danny . nicole you do remember . cora he be smaller than you . nicole you be so worried about Danny . what about I , Mom ? why be not you worried about I ? there be a heavy , stunne silence as the scene end . Nicole and cora be in each other 's arm . Pam and cybil share a piece of tissue . CUT to : a extreme cu of Nick . nick where the fuck be Wolf ?!!! int . bathroom . day . b/ W in the cramped confines of the dingy basement bathroom , Wolf puke violently into the toilet . his face be pale and slick with perspiration . his eye look upward toward the sound of Nick yell . wolf one second ! Wolf try to continue but another spasm of nausea wrench he back toward the toilet bowl . int . set apt . the couch . day . b/ W the set be quiet , subdued . Nick sit on the couch with Nicole and cora . Wolf sit groggily behind the camera wiping the sweat from he face . wanda address the crew . wanda ok , listen up . nobody drink the milk downstairs . ok ? it appear to be bad . Nick speak uneasily to Nicole and cora . he be a wreck and he insistent smile of encouragement look absolutely dement . nick I have have to , well I have change the shot ; we be just a little press for time . it will just be a cu of ellen for the last part of the scene , start with cora 's " I be worried about Danny . " ok ? I will find a way to cut this into the fourth take . we almost have it . that be unbelievable , both of you . but let 's not think about it . that moment be go , and ... we will , we will get another one . I have no doubt about it . ok ? here we go . Nick walk over and stand beside the camera . int . set apt . by the camera . day . b/ W wolf I be ready , Nick . Nick be so angry he can not even look at Wolf . nick call it , wanda . wanda and , roll sound . SOUND speed ! wanda and , roll camera ! ac Rolling ! clapper scene six , pickup , take one . ( hit the stick ) nick action . int . set apt . the scene : pickup 1 . color the scene begin at the pickup point . miraculously , both cora and Nicole be just as concentrate and engage as they be in the run-through . cora I be worried about Danny . nicole you do remember . cora he be smaller than you . nicole you be so worried about Danny . what about I , Mom ? why be not -- in the middle of this final , delicate moment a insistent electronic beep be hear . int . set apt . day . b/ W nick CUT !!!! wanda what the fuck be that ?! sound ? SOUND ( frantically check he equipment ) it 's not I . boom it 's the camera . wolf the fuck it be . it 's off ; it 's not even run . the beep continue , grow louder . wanda ( into she walkie ) what 's go on down there ?! do I have a lock -up ?! nothing ? you do not hear a beep sound ? ( to Nick ) the street 's quiet . nick then what the fuck be it !!? ac it 's somebody 's watch ! everybody hold they watch up to they ear . wolf not mine . wanda not mine . SOUND not mine . boom not mine . and so on , until all watch have be check with negative result . the beep continue , grow louder and louder . suddenly Nick lose it . he start run around the set , rip thing apart , knock over table , lamp , chair . he shove cora off the couch and whip off the cushion , heaving they against the wall with a startling violence . nick where be it !! you motherfucker ! you cock -suck motherfuck bastard ! where the fuck be you !? where !! where !! everyone watch Nick demolish the set in stunne , open - mouth amazement . Nick turn to the crew in rage . nick can someone help I please ?! do I have to do everything myself here ?! Nick lose it completely . nick hey , cora . why do not you go learn you line ! hey scriptgirl , be you finally go to pay attention here ?! hey , focus puller , you want to make a movie or get stone ?! huh , I get some great fuckin' thai stick here ! hey Wolf , you pretentious , beret - wear motherfucker ! I see you reel , man ; it suck ! who the hell would hire you anyway ! hey wanda , next time can you wear a shirt that 's a little more distracting to my actor ! ( to the gaffer ) hey Bob ! hi Bob ! can you please make a little more noise on the dolly you creaky motherfucker ! ( to cybil ) what be you name !? what do you fuck do around here ?! ( to the soundman ) hey speedo , what 's the matter ? can not even find a teeny fuck beep ?! cu of Nicole . she turn away , unable to watch anymore . the beep continue . nick see what I have to put up with , Nicole !? maybe next time you will do some of that magic on camera !? but no , no -- wait till Wolf be puke he gut out , " oh now I will be good !! " ws , the entire room . Nick 's last word echoe throughout the silent set . suddenly he stop in the center of the demolish set and let out a long , wrenching scream . int . bedroom . night . color quick CUT to extreme cu Nick 's face , just as he eye open . the film be in color now . the room be in heavy darkness except for the light on Nick 's face . Nick reach over and shut off he clock radio . the digital dial show 4:00 a.m . the beep finally stop . Nick turn on a light and sit up in bed , drench in sweat and still breathe heavily . nick God ... ( this be not a sigh of relief ) the camera dolly swiftly back away from Nick . he stare at it in stunne amazement . just then a door close right into the lens turn the frame into complete blackness . out of the blackness a door open away from the camera revealing wanda look into she closet ( the camera be inside the closet ) . from this point on , the rest of the film be in color except where specifically indicate to be Black and White . int . wanda's apt . dawn she be wear only a bra , black stretch pants , and cowboy boot . she rummages quickly through some blouse , select the same garish one she wear in part one , then walk away revealing wolf sit on the edge of the rumple bed . he be dress exactly the same as when we last see he , complete with beret . he struggle groggily into he sock and boot . the entire apartment be in disarray . a bedside clock read 4:13 a.m . wolf well , when do he ask you ? wanda yesterday , when I be help he check into he hotel . wolf what , the guy can not even check into a hotel by himself ? wanda listen , Wolf , have Chad palomino in this movie will benefit we all . if be there when he check into he hotel make he feel better , then I be happy to do it . wolf well , how do it come up ? wanda he ask I if I like jazz , I say yes , and he suggest we meet tonight at a jazz club . wolf I like jazz . wanda he do not invite you . ( apply perfume ) wolf why be you wear perfume to work ? wanda because I feel like it . wolf you do not wear it yesterday . wanda oh , stop it . you be act like a child . wanda playfully swipe at Wolf 's face with a negligee she be return to the closet . it miss he completely . wolf my eye ! wanda oh , God . sweetheart , be you alright ? wolf do I look alright ?! wanda let I see . Christ , we be go to be late . wanda sit and perfunctorily examine Wolf 's eye . int . car . dawn the car be park outside a rather seedy hotel . jeff , the intern and nick , the director , sit quietly in the motionless car . nick should we call up to the room again ? jeff he say he would be right down . Nick let out a huge yawn . jeff tire ? nick I be exhaust . I dreamt I be on the set all night . I be just try to do one shot and everything keep go wrong . jeff that 's a anxiety dream . be you anxious about something ? nick I do not know . sometimes I wonder what the hell I be do in this business . it 's all just one compromise and disappointment after another . I do not know if I have the personality for it . jeff sound kind of like a identity crisis . nick maybe you be right . who be I ? what be I really capable of ? maybe I should just get a job teach at a woman 's college somewhere . jeff how would you get into cinematography ? nick I be not a cinematographer . jeff you be not ? nick no. I be direct this movie . jeff ( pause ) how would you get into direct ? int . HOTEL room . dawn in the dim light of the hotel room , chad palomino dress quickly . he be young , handsome , with long blond hair . a woman sit nude on the bed , she back to the camera . the faint sound of a shower come from the adjacent bathroom . palomino they be wait downstairs . woman go ahead , I will take a taxi . palomino oh , ok . listen , I have get to tell you , I have a lot of fun last night , really , but for I , where I be at right now in my life , a relationship be ... woman Chad ; hold it . this be a one- time deal . you know it , I know it . there be no need for melodrama . palomino I just think you might ... woman look , all I ask be that you do not mention this to anyone . palomino hey , that 's not my style . woman good . palomino so , I will see you on the set . palomino slip out the door . the woman fall back onto the bed , turn she face toward the camera . we see it be nicole . nicole God damn it . she lie for a moment , listen to the sound of the shower . the bedside clock read 4:30 a.m . int . car . dawn the car pull up outside a NYC apt building . Jeff , Nick , and palomino sit inside . palomino I get two film come up right after yours , Nick . one I play a rapist that Michelle pfeiffer fall in love with . the other I be kind of a sexy serial killer who shack up with winona Ryder . nick that 's great , man . palomino yeah , but I be not into that hostess twinkie shit , Nick . nick hostess twinkie ? palomino that Hollywood shit . it 's all fluff , man . this be the kind of movie I want to do , right here . nick I be glad you feel that way , Chad . and I just want to tell you , I be really happy we can work together . palomino hey , I too ! you be a great director , man . you film be wack ! and I be gonna be watch you , buddy . like a hawk . I want to learn from you , Nick . I be gonna pick you brain . nick good . then you can pick my nose . palomino ( big laugh ) see what I mean ? you be wack . hey , what be we sit here for ? nick we be wait for Nicole . palomino Nicole ? she 's takin ' a tax -- ( he stop ) nick what ? palomino probably take a shower or something . hey , how be she shower scene in that Richard gere movie ? nick good . jeff really great . the three man sit in silence . ws , show the car park outside Nicole 's apt , the man inside wait . int . the set . morning a small , elegant bedroom set have be construct in the middle of the huge empty space . one wall have a fake window . the gaffer lie on the bed stare absently at the ac sit motionless beside the camera a few foot away . neither speak for a long moment . gaffer I think we get nudity today . ac ( read from he callsheet ) it just say " scene six : ellen and damian kiss . " gaffer could be a kiss with nudity . ac I like ellen . she 's my type . gaffer why be that ? ac she 's pretty . smart . kind of kooky . gaffer maybe I will give she a part . that 's right ; I be makin ' my own movie pretty soon . ac oh yeah ? gaffer yup. feature . I bring my script . the gaffer tug a thin , tatter script , fold lengthwise , out of he back pocket . gaffer palomino 's perfect for the lead . I be go to give it to he right during lunch . maybe right after . ac alright . gaffer get to be aggressive . you want to shoot it ? ac sure . gaffer you ever shot anything ? ac no. gaffer that 's alright ; get to start somewhere . suddenly the gaffer reach out and warmly shake the ac 's hand . int . makeup corner . day Nicole sit before the makeup mirror . lorde , the male makeup artist pick up a tube of preparation h and begin apply it under Nicole 's eye just as Nick walk up . nick Jesus , what be you do ? lorde shrink tissue . that 's what this stuff be for . let that sit for two minute , pumpkin ; I will be right back . nick how would you get here ? nicole take a taxi . nick oh . we have be wait in front of you apartment for half a hour . nicole God , I be sorry , Nick . something come up . I forget to call . I be sorry , I feel like such a asshole . nick you be just say that because you have preparation h on you face . nicole I never should have go out last night . I hate jazz . God , I look terrible . nick no you do not . nicole do not bullshit I , Nick . nick I be not . you really look beautiful . something in Nick 's voice make Nicole glance up at he . he look away quickly . the moment be awkward , as if they both realize he have inadvertently reveal something . just then palomino approach . palomino hey ! how would you get here , Nicole ? nicole I take a cab . palomino oh , cause we be wonder how you get here . Nick look at both of they in a moment of silence . nick alright , good ; everybody 's here . we will do a run-through as soon as you guy be ready . palomino you get it , Chief . lorde reenter as Nick leave . palomino sit in the chair beside Nicole and lorde immediately begin he makeup . no one speak . int . the set . day the crew be assemble behind the camera . Wolf be now wear a black eyepatch over one eye . Nick be on the set , talk with Nicole and palomino . palomino wear a tuxedo and Nicole be in a elaborate low - cut gown . wanda hold it down , hold it down , people . actor work . palomino great shirt , wanda . wanda ( big smile ) why , thank you , Chad . nick ok , let 's work out the rest of this block . Wolf -- ( notice Wolf 's eyepatch ) what happen to you eye ? wolf a little accident . nick you go to be alright ? wolf I think so . palomino it look good on you , man . nick Nicole be stand here , Chad , you be there by the chair . camera be close on ellen : she first line . nicole I have always admire you from afar . palomino admire ? that sound rather professional . nick good ! " professional , " that 's the cue ; damian step up to the bed . camera pull back . the scene continue . nicole well , then : love . how do that sound ? palomino it sound like the champagne talk . nicole I have love you from the moment we meet . palomino why do not you tell I ? nicole we be work together . I do not want anything to interfere . palomino God . and all this time I think ... nick then the kiss . how 's that feel ? palomino great . nick Nicole ? nicole good . nick Wolf , any thought ? wolf nope . palomino I have get a think . what about damian have a eyepatch like Wolf 's ? nick let I think about that one , Chad . palomino ok , you be the genius . Nick reve , live in oblivion , scene six , take one . let 's shoot it ! nick one second , Chad . you ready for one , Wolf ? wolf Hell , I be ready . palomino alright , wolfman . nick good . call it , wanda . wanda go for picture . lock it up . and roll sound . SOUND speed ! wanda Roll camera ! ac Rolling ! clapper scene six , take one ! nick and , action . int . the set . take one instantly the film cut from color to b/w . Chad and Nicole begin they Love scene . nicole I have always admire you from afar . palomino admire ? that sound rather professional . the camera start to dolly , however Chad do not move . he go out of frame force Wolf to pan abruptly to Nicole . nicole well , then : love . how do that sound ? palomino it sound like the champagne talk . nicole I have love you from the moment we meet . palomino ( finally move to he mark ) why do not you tell I ? nicole we be work together . I do not want anything to interfere . palomino God . and all this time I think ... palomino and Nicole embrace . they kiss , like the entire scene , be flat , lifeless , and awful . int . the set nick cut. very good . wolf not for camera . Chad be completely out of frame . nick yeah , Chad ; what happen , buddy ? forget you cue ? palomino oh no , man . I hold back . it really feel like something damian would do ; hold back to the last moment . nick oh , I see . how 's that for you , Wolf ? wolf I do not care when he move . just give I a fuck cue . palomino the Lone Wolf ! nick what line do he move on ? script " why do not you tell I ? " nick alright , " I " be the new cue . Nicole , how do that feel to you ? nicole Fine , if that 's what Chad want to do . palomino " I , I , I , " that 's the cue . let 's shoot ; I be stoke ! nick one second , Chad . Nick approach the bed and speak quietly to Chad and Nicole . nick Chad , how would you describe this scene , in one word ? palomino great . it 's a great scene , man . nick no , I mean it 's a love scene . right ? palomino definitely . nick this two people really love each other . and we want to see that , especially in the kiss . palomino hey , say no more , Chief . nick Nicole ? nicole I understand , Chief . nick good . here we go . call it , wanda . wanda go for picture . lock it up . and roll sound . SOUND speed ! wanda Roll camera ! ac Rolling ! clapper scene six , take two ! nick and , action . int . the scene . take two . day nicole I have always admire you from afar . palomino move immediately to the bed , change he block and cause the camera crew and Nicole considerable confusion . palomino admire ? that sound rather professional . nicole well , then : love . how do that sound ? palomino it sound like the champagne talk . nicole I have love you from the moment we meet . palomino why do not you tell I ? nicole we be work together . I do not want anything to interfere . palomino God . and all this time I think ... the scene once again be awful . Nick give they listless kiss a few moment then call CUT . int . the set . day nick and , cut . very good . Wolf ? wolf Chad miss he cue again ; the whole dolly be unusable . nick yeah , Chad . what happen ; I think you be go to hold back till " I " ? palomino the more I think about it the more it do not seem right . and I be think , watch I here , instead of come around the bed , what if I just slip here like this and do the whole scene lie down ? nick I do not know , that seem a little ... palomino hey , I be just throw out idea here . try to get the juice flow . nick Nicole , how do that feel to you ? nicole well , I can turn to look at he . but will not you be shoot the back of my head ? wolf plus Chad be completely out of the light down there . palomino hey , Wolf ; I be not worried about my face , man . it 's about the act ; that 's all I care about . wolf it 's you call , Nick . his act or he face . nick for some reason I be hope we could get both . ( laugh ) I think that 's what we be try to do here . wolf I will have to set another light . wanda we be ahead of schedule , Nick . I think we can afford a few minute to set a light for Mr. palomino . nick good , let 's do it . ellen , damian ; let 's talk for a second . as Nick , Nicole , and palomino step off the set wanda speak to the crew in general . wanda we will pause to set this light and go again right away . how long , Wolf ? Wolf do not answer , though he stand a mere foot away , watch the gaffer set up a light . wanda Wolf ? Wolf walk away from wanda without a word . the entire crew watch this . int . a corner . day Nick , palomino , and Nicole confer , all three smoking . nick ok , let 's make sure we know what 's go on here . this two people have love each other for year , each of they not know the other be in love with they . and tonight , in this little room it all come out . it 's like a dam burst . do that make sense ? Nicole ? nicole it make perfect sense . I just have not find it yet . I will get it though . nick what about you , Chad ? palomino I be there , man . I get the dam go , the river , everything . you watch , that little change in the block be go to open the whole scene up for I . wanda ( v.o. ) we be ready , Nick ! nick good . let 's go . int . the set . day wanda go for picture . lock it up . and roll sound . SOUND speed ! wanda Roll camera ! ac Rolling ! clapper scene six , take three ! nick and , action . int . the scene . take three . day nicole I have always admire you from afar . palomino saunter over and sprawl on the bed , force Nicole to turn she head completely away from the camera . palomino admire ? that sound rather professional . nicole well , then : love . how do that sound ? palomino it sound like the champagne talk . nicole I have love you from the moment we meet . palomino why do not you tell I ? nicole we be work together -- I be sorry , can we cut , Nick ? int . the set . day nick cut ! wanda that 's a cut ! palomino dammit ! that be a good one ! nicole I know , I be sorry . but this feel really awkward ; turn all the way around like this . nick yeah , I think the lie on the bed be not quite work , Chad . let 's try one with the original block . palomino which one be that ? there 's be so many damn change . could somebody help I out please ? script the cue for the original block be " professional . " palomino ( intimate ) thank you . thank you very much . nick ok , right away . call it , wanda . nicole Nick ? could I just have a moment ? be that alright ? nick of course , Nicole ; be you kid ? hold the roll , wanda . wanda holding the roll ! Nicole remain seat on the bed , lowering she head and close she eye as she attempt to generate some emotion for the scene . everyone watch she in complete silence . int . near the camera . day palomino tiptoe over to the camera where wanda and the scriptgirl be stand side by side . as he lean between they , check he line on the scriptgirl 's script , he inhale deeply then exhales with a barely audible sigh . palomino ( whisper ) someone over here smell very , very nice . think he mean she , wanda 's lip flutter in a brief , involuntary smile . meanwhile , the scriptgirl turn away , blush furiously . int . the set . day palomino tiptoe again back to he spot . Nicole raise she head and nod once to Nick . she seem to have arouse some real emotion in herself . nick ( with quiet intensity ) call it , wanda . wanda and roll sound . SOUND speed ! wanda Roll camera ! ac Rolling ! clapper scene six , take four ! palomino ( suddenly ) Nick , I just have a great idea ! wanda hold the roll ! nick what be it , Chad ? palomino just stop I if I be out of line here , but she say " admire from afar , " right ? do not it make sense to see damian up close and she " afar ? " you start on a Close - up of damian , watch I here ; as she declare she love , the camera move with I into this primo two - shot that you and the wolfmeister have set up here . nick what do you think , Wolf ? wolf I do not like it . this be ellen 's scene . nick I do not know ; it sort of make sense . palomino hey , you do it , man . it 's all there in the write . wolf I would have to relight . Nick pause , think hard . wanda we be still ahead of schedule , Nick ; if that mean anything to you . nick let 's do it . wolf ( to the gaffer ) get I a tweenie right here , with diffusion . wanda ok , everyone stand by . we be pause briefly to set one little light , then we be go again , right away . stand - in please for Mr. palomino . gaffer I will do it . wolf get the fuck light ! int . craft service table . day several member of the crew loiter around the table . the scriptgirl approach carry a donut in one hand and a cup of coffee in the other . palomino notice she and move quietly to she side . without a word he pick up the milk and pour some in she coffee . Nicole stand nearby and watch the follow exchange . script thanks . palomino my pleasure . sugar ? script just a bit . palomino put sugar in she coffee with extreme care . palomino you like jazz ? script very much . palomino maybe we could go hear some tonight . palomino smile and move away just as wanda come up for a coffee refill . wanda it 's go well I think . do not you think ? script very well . what time do you think we will finish ? wanda early I hope . I be go to a jazz club tonight . script really ? so be I . he 's wonderful , be not he ? wanda Chad ? script he 's so natural , like ... air . Nicole approach . script I wonder what he sign be . do you know , Nicole ? nicole I do not know he sign , but I think he moon be in Uranus . wanda choke hard on she coffee as Nicole walk off with a bitter smile . script you do not have to be nasty . int . the set . day palomino saunter onto the set as Wolf and he crew finish relighting . palomino yo , wolfman . be this my new mark ? wolf until you change it . where 's my fuck eyepatch ?! Wolf walk off . the gaffer slip the ac a shrewd wink then walk over and stand next to palomino , give he a big , friendly grin . gaffer hey , Chad . palomino hey , whatya say . gaffer I be Bob . I be lighting this show . palomino Chad palomino ; actor . gaffer ( big smile ) I know . palomino ( to the ac ) hey , what 's you name ? ac maurice . palomino maurice ! hey , maurice Chevalier ! any relation ? probably not . hey , smoking crew guy , really . the gaffer slip he own script out of he back pocket and begin leaf through it . gaffer hey thanks , Chad . actually I write a script . palomino oh , yeah ? palomino take the gaffer 's script and hold it up to he eye , shading they from a light he 's look at across the room . he point to the light . palomino hey , Bill . see that light over there ? gaffer uh , yeah . palomino lower it about three foot . palomino hand the gaffer back he script and walk off . the gaffer and ac stand in silence for a long awkward moment . int . bathroom . day Nick intently scrutinize himself in the mirror . lean closer he make a careful adjustment to the way he hair fall over he ear , then step back to examine himself . nick would you care to have a drink tonight ? hey , Nicole , what do you say you and I have a drink tonight ? suddenly the door open behind he and Nicole walk in . nicole oh , Nick ! I be sorry ! nick that 's ok , no problem . I be just slapping a little water on my face . the two stand in embarrassed silence for a moment . Nick look like he 's gather the nerve to ask she out . nick so , it 's go pretty good , huh ? nicole be it ? something feel off . nick yeah , you seem a little tense . nicole do I ? nick but do not worry about it . just take you attention off yourself and put it on Chad . work off he a little more . nicole ok , I will try that . nick and listen , I know he 's no olivier . but he 's get something , do not you think ? kind of a natural presence . nicole oh yes , he 's very natural . Nick hesitates , again gather he nerve to pop the question . nick so Nicole ... anything else I can help you with ? nicole actually there be . could you maybe ask he to brush he tooth ? nick oh , sure . int . the set . day wanda cross the set and assume she position beside the camera . Wolf sit behind it , barely a foot away . wolf my eye be kill I . wanda put you eyepatch on . wolf I lose it . wanda be that little light set yet ? wolf that little light be set ten minute ago . wanda ( into she walkie ) get I the a team in here right away . Nick , Nicole , and Mr. palomino . ( to Wolf ) why do not you tell I ? wolf hey , you be not worried about the time , I be not worried about the time . wanda oh , I be very worried about the time ! wolf I know you be . wanda what be that suppose to mean ? wolf what do you think it mean ?! wanda I do not know what it mean ! wolf oh yes you do , you know exactly what it mean . wanda I have no idea what you be talk about ! why be you -- wolf you do not understand I , wanda ! you have no idea -- wanda I do not understand you ?!! all I do be take care of you !!! Nick suddenly run up just as Wolf and wanda be on the verge of blow . nick hey , hey , hey ! what the hell 's go on here ?! Jesus , wanda . this be a very intimate scene and a lot of tension on the set do not help . ok ? now , Wolf , let 's just go through the first part of the move . damian , on you new mark . good. Close - up , damian ; ellen in the background . Nick suddenly see palomino be wear a black eyepatch . nick Chad , what be you do ? wolf hey , that 's my fuck eyepatch . palomino Wolf , could I borrow it ? Cause I be tell you , Nick ; it really feel right . I feel like this guy now , man . nick I do not know , Chad . I do not think it work . palomino you be wrong , man . I be go to fight you on this one . wolf hey , it 's my fuck eyepatch and I do not want anyone wear it . it 's insanitary . palomino remove the eyepatch and toss it back to Wolf . palomino Fine . I will get my own . Nick , send someone out for a eyepatch . I will fuck pay for it myself . Nick pull palomino aside and whisper to he confidentially . nick listen , Chad . I do not want to say this in front of Wolf but it make you look a little ... gay . palomino really ? nick yeah , a little bit . palomino Jesus . palomino sneak a glance back at Wolf then whisper to Nick . palomino you be right . thanks , buddy . good call . wanda be you ready , Nick ? nick one second . you need a rehearsal , Wolf ? wolf let 's just fuck shoot it !! palomino El lobo ! palomino wink at Nick and walk back to he new mark , make a barely audible howling sound behind he hand . nick call it , wanda . wanda go for picture . lock it up . and roll sound . SOUND speed ! wanda Roll camera ! ac Rolling ! clapper scene six , take four ! nick and , action . int . the scene . take four the scene begin again . palomino milk he Close - up for all it 's worth . nicole I have always admire you from afar . palomino admire ? that sound rather professional . nicole well , then : love . how do that sound ? right on he cue , palomino walk to the bed . as the camera move into the 2 - shot he begin stroking Nicole 's hair with extreme care and concentration . palomino it sound like the champagne talk . nicole I have love you from the moment we meet . palomino why do not you tell I ? nicole we be work together . I do not want anything to interfere -- God ! under the onslaught of escalate hair-strok , Nicole suddenly jerk she head away hard . palomino jump up and begin pace at the rear of the set . int . the set . day nick cut ! wanda that 's a cut . hold the work , go again , right away . nicole I be sorry , Nick . I do not know why I do that . I be sorry . palomino suddenly stop pace and address Nick with a curtness that be a little startling . palomino Nick , could I talk to you a second ? palomino disappear behind the set , a jerk of he head indicate he wish for Nick to follow he . wanda a momentary delay . everyone stand by . we be go again , right away . SOUND Excuse I , ellen ? you be a tad low on that take . nicole oh , ok . I will bring it up . actually could I listen to the take before ? the sound man give Nicole he headphone and rewind the tape recorder for she . the first several line of the last take be hear through the headphone . int . off the set . day Nick follow palomino behind the set , stop just beside the fake set window . palomino whirl on Nick and whisper fiercely . palomino I be out of here , man ! nick what 's the matter ?! palomino I like you , but I make a big mistake take this part . have someone call I a cab . nick wait a second , Chad . just talk to I . what 's go on !? palomino I can not act with this woman . I know she 's a friend of yours but I get to tell you : she can not act worth a shit ! I be give she everything ! the whole thing I just do with the hair ; do you see that ? I come up with that on my own because I think it would help she . but no , she 's give I nothing ! I be out of here . int . the set . day Nicole listen to the last line of the previous take . palomino God , and all this time I think ... ( the mute rustle of the kiss ) the sound man stop the recorder at the end of the take , set the machine in standby mode , and pick up he crossword puzzle . Nicole be just about to take off the headphone when she realize she can hear Nick and palomino talk quite clearly . glancing up , she see the boom man have leave he boom lean against the wall , the mike point out the open set window . palomino ( v.o. ) why do you cast she ? she suck in that Richard gere movie ! nick ( v.o. ) you be right . she be not the best actress in the world . I see that now but you have get to help I , Chad . I be ask you to please help I here . we have get to get through this somehow . the camera begin a slow dolly in to Nicole 's astonished face . this will be intercut with a similar dolly in to the microphone lean against the wall , end in a ecu of the mike . int . off the set . day camera be close on Nick and palomino . palomino I will tell you what this be about , man . you know why she take a cab this morning ? nick something come up . palomino no . she be in my hotel room and she do not want you to know it . ok ? I be sorry it have to come out like this but I tell she this morning " thanks a lot , it be a lot of fun last night but let 's get something straight -- it be just a one - time deal , " and she do not want to hear that . she want more , you see what I be say ? it 's rejection . int . the set . day the camera reveal Nicole now seat in she spot on the bed . she rise as Nick and palomino reappear and approach she from behind the set . nick Nicole , listen ... nicole Nick , it 's my fault the scene be not work . I apologize . Chad , I apologize to you too . I be completely unfocus here and I think you be absolutely right ; what we need to do be loosen the scene up somehow . Nick and palomino stare at Nicole for a moment . nick what would you like to do ? nicole I be wonder if we could try improvise the scene . more along the line of what Chad have be do . maybe that would help I find something . Nick 's smile of gratitude to Nicole look almost drug-induced . nick that 's a fantastic idea . what do you think , Chad ? palomino hey , that 's the only way I can work . let 's take it apart , let 's cut loose . nick good ! and we will shoot it ! Hell , why not ?! palomino Roll that motherfuck camera , wolfie ! wolf kiss my ass ! although Wolf say this quite loud , palomino do not hear he because he suddenly yell : palomino yeah ! let 's go ! nick alright , now we be make a fuck movie ! call it , wanda ! wanda go for picture . lock it up . and roll sound . SOUND speed ! wanda Roll camera ! ac Rolling ! clapper scene six , take five ! nick and , action . int . the scene . take five . the improv Nicole stay seat , though palomino move around make a great show of loosen up . nicole I have always admire you from afar . palomino have you ? that 's , wow ; that 's incredible . but that sound kind of professional do not it ? admire ? nicole you be right . how do despise sound ? palomino great ! ( laugh ) what 's it mean ? nicole ( laugh ) it 's sort of like I think you be a piece of shit . palomino be somewhat startle by this . he look to Nick in confusion . Nick silently encourage he to keep go . palomino ( another laugh ) that sound like the champagne talk . nicole it 's not . I really do think you be a piece of shit . palomino no , you do not . you love I . nicole the fuck I do . I can not stand look at you ! palomino then I guess I have nothing else to say . nicole no , I think you have a lot more to say , damian . palomino well , I be surprised you feel this way , ellen . I always think you admire -- nicole that 's not what I mean . you should tell everyone what you just tell Nick behind the set . palomino hey , this be not part of the scene . nicole say it anyway : the reason this scene be not work be because you and I sleep together last night . do everyone hear that ?! I fuck Chad last night ! Nick and the rest of the crew stand in stunne amazement . palomino see , Nick ! I tell you this be about rejection ! nicole you fuck scumbag ! you think I give a rat 's ass about you ?! I be there to get laid and even that be a joke ! palomino you know , you be really start to piss I off ! nicole oh , do that mean you be not go to come wiggle on the bed anymore , or stroke my hair real soft and concerned , or kiss I like a soap opera act piece of shit ! palomino snap , and lunge for Nicole . she leap to the other side of the bed . nicole come on ! I will kick you ass ! come on ! Nick step between Nicole and palomino . nick ok , guy , I think we can stop there . palomino you bet you ass we can stop ! wanda , call I a cab ! nick hold on , Chad . let 's just try to calm down . palomino fuck you . I be out of here , man . this movie be bullshit . nick now wait a second , Chad . there 's no reason for hostility . palomino shut up , you fuck loser . the only reason I take this part be because someone say you know quentin tarantino ! you be nowhere , man . nick hey , you want to go ? go ! I be sick of you shit , you hostess twinkie motherfucker ! palomino what would you call I ? nick you hear I . palomino say it again . nick you hostess twinkie motherfucker ! palomino suddenly punch Nick in the stomach , leave he bent over and gasp for breath . Nicole instantly leap on palomino 's back and begin pound she fist on the top of he head . palomino spin wildly try to dislodge she as wanda rush forward . wanda alright , everyone just stop . stop ! stop this right now ! as she try to separate Nicole and palomino , palomino shove she hard , knock she down . instantly Wolf leap off the camera and run up to palomino . wolf alright , you have ask for it , Chad ! palomino suddenly punch Wolf in the tooth , drop he like a stone . wanda ( shriek ) Wolf ! suddenly Nick stagger to he foot and rush at palomino . his momentum knock all three backwards onto the bed , palomino 's head crack Nicole in the tooth . nicole oh , God ! Nicole roll free as Nick and palomino wrestle on the bed . Nick get palomino in a vicious headlock and start pound he head against the mattress . nick you want to pick my brain ?! this be the way I direct hostess twinkie scumbag like you ! as Nick continue to pound palomino 's head the gaffer notice palomino 's eye be start to bug out from the pressure of Nick 's forearm around he neck . he and the boom man rush forward and finally manage to pry palomino free . nick get he out of here ! someone take he back to he hotel ! as the gaffer and boom man drag off the almost unconscious palomino , the scriptgirl take one falter step after he . script ( sniffle ) Chad ... suddenly , everything become quiet except for Nick 's labor breathe and the scriptgirl 's sniffles . Nick lean over and touch Nicole 's shoulder . nick be you alright ? nicole do not touch I . ext . day . the STREET outside the set the gaffer and ac help the still - groggy palomino into the back of the production van . jeff , the driver , watch they in sleepy curiosity . with palomino safely propped in a seat , the ac go back to the set . the gaffer wait a moment then slip he script out of he back pocket and slap it into palomino 's motionless hand . gaffer it 's call " tsunami . " a japanese tidal wave hit New York . you have a ex - navy s.e.a L. frogman , work undercover . you save the city . you would be perfect for the lead . that 's my number ; call I , or I will call you . either way it 's be great work with you , man . as palomino stare at he blankly , the gaffer slam the door . the car pull out . int . the set . day Nick and Nicole be sit up on the bed , alone on the now empty set . nick Nicole , I be sorry . I do not mean it . you be great in that Richard gere movie . nicole shut up . you be no different than he be . you lie , you be deceitful ... nick I be not lie . Christ , I tell everyone how great you be . I have get nothing but respect and admiration for you . nicole oh God , now you be do you own fuck script . nick well , why do you think I write it ?! nicole I have no idea ! nick it 's about you . it 's about how I feel about you . nicole Christ , do you get a bump on you head , nicky . ' Cause you be talk like a idiot . nick Nicole . I have love you since the day we meet . Nicole sit for a long moment in stunne silence . nicole why do not you tell I ? nick I do not want anything to get in the way of we work together . nicole God , and all this time I think ... Nick and Nicole move into a shy , tremble , heartfelt kiss . int . HOTEL room . dawn Nicole snap awake with a jolt . she glance quickly at the clock which read 4:35 . the sound of the shower still run in the bathroom . nicole oh , God . Nicole leap out of bed and race into the bathroom . as the camera follow she , she close the bathroom door , right against the lens , turn the image to total blackness . the frame be black . the recognizable clatter and clunk of the film crew be hear . wanda 's voice be prominent . wanda do not go out that door ! suddenly a door open away from camera and the ac stop , a foot away from the lens . behind he , wanda and the rest of the crew can be see through the door , prepare for filming . we see now the door and the plywood wall around it be fake . int . the set . day ac why not ? wanda it 's part of the set , goddamnit . now go around . ac next time . this be a emergency . the ac rush past and a moment later the camera dolly slowly through the fake door toward wanda pace near the set camera . wanda ( into she walkie ) have ellen show up yet ? walkie ssss ... kkkkkrrk . wanda get she into wardrobe right away . walkie ssskk ... ssssrrrk ? wanda no! scene six ; scene five have be postpone . I be not go to say it again ; Mr. palomino be not work today . now where be that smoke machine ! int . set build , hallway . day the ac burst through a door at the end of the hallway and walk quickly toward the camera . without knock he push open the bathroom door and suddenly stop short . ac oh. sorry . stand on he tiptoe at the sink , strain to turn off the run faucet be , tito a dwarf . he be dress in a sky blue tuxedo with tail . a top hat and white glove rest on the close toilet seat . tito appear extremely annoyed . tito what do you want ?! ac I need to use the bathroom . kind of a emergency . tito well , fuck knock !! tito grab he hat and glove and march down the hall , the ac stare after he in astonishment . tito ( mutter ) I swear to Christ , one of this day I be go to punch somebody in the ball ! int . wardrobe room . day camera be close on Nicole , she eye clench shut as a thin white veil be place on she head . camera pull back to reveal sachiko , the costume designer put the finish touch to Nicole 's costume , which appear to be a elaborate white wedding gown . Nick stand nearby , smoking . nick just as we pull up to you apartment palomino suddenly say he feel so sick he can not work today . nicole God . be it something he eat ? sachiko stand up , please . nick I do not know . nicole can he work tomorrow ? sachiko turn around , please . nick do not know that either . but I be not worry about it . I have this dream last night where I be on the set . you be in it , and another woman , someone older . anyway , everything be go wrong . the harder I try to hold thing together the more they fall apart . and you know what that dream be tell I , Nicole ? you just get to roll with it . and that 's what I be do , I be roll with it . so , we will just shoot the dream sequence today . just then tito walk in . nick hey , tito . you look great , man . tito I feel like shit . nick no , you look good . thanks for come in on such short notice . this be Nicole ; she 's play ellen . nicole hello . toto , be it ? tito tito . nicole oh , I be sorry . nick listen , if there 's anything I can do to make you ... if you need ... uh , just let I know . tito put a stool in the bathroom . tito walk out , follow immediately by sachiko , leave Nicole alone with Nick . nick do I just offend he ? nicole what do you say ? nick " short notice ? " nicole come on ; that be nothing . I be the one who call he " toto . " Jesus , I be out of it . I dreamt I be on the set last night too . nick oh yeah ? nicole yeah . you be in the dream . nick be I freaking out ? nicole actually , you be . nick that 's great : I freak out in my dream ; I freak out in you dream . no wonder I be fuck exhaust . nicole Nick ... nick yeah ? Nicole stare at Nick for a long moment then smile briefly and turn away . int . a corner of the set . day a dent , ancient smoke machine squat forlornly in the middle of the set . wolf ( with eyepatch ) , the gaffer , ac , boom man , and the SOUND man stand around it , scrutinize it intently . Wolf seem in a unusually good mood . wolf alright , guy ; special effect today . could be fun . who know how to work this baby ? gaffer it 's the old T - 160 . I use it once in ' 85 . ac damn . ' 85 . wolf what 's this ? gaffer that 's where the gas go . boom no , that 's where the oil go . gaffer be it ? boom I think so . gaffer you be right . it 's come back now . wolf I be go to let you handle this one , Bob . this be you baby . and Les , if he need help you give he a hand . ok , guy ? we be all work together today . Wolf walk off . the gaffer kneel to inspect the smoke machine closer . gaffer yup , all come back now . like riding a bike . t-160 , 1985 . 1985 , t-160 . ac Way to go , Bob . int . the set . near the camera wanda stand alone by the camera , look around at the bustling crew like a battalion commander watch she troops in battle . Nick approach she . nick how be we do , wanda ? wanda not good , Nick . not bad , but not good . we need to finish this scene and do scene thirty - one today . nick scene thirty -one ?! I leave my note for scene thirty - one at home ! I do not know we be -- wanda Nick , Nick . I will send someone to you apartment to pick they up . now , relax . nick oh , ok . send somebody to my apartment to pick they up ; it 's the red notebook , under the bed . wanda it 's take care of , Nick . nick good. great. good. Nick walk off quickly , mutter to himself . a moment later Wolf stroll up to wanda . wolf we be all light , the smoke machine be under control ; we be ready to go . wanda ( hard ) what about the dolly ? wolf just need to see a run-through and we be all set . I be go to make you job easy today , wanda . wandaful . ( he slip he arm around she ) mmm , I be glad you wear that perfume . and do not worry about palomino ; I will take you to a jazz club tonight . wanda oh , I can not make it . I have to go see Chad ; he 's extremely ill . wolf oh , by the way my eye 's much better . wanda listen , Wolf , this may not be the best time to say this but we relationship be go nowhere . wolf what do you mean ? wanda please , do not take it personally . because I care for you , Wolf , I really do . but I have have this feel for quite a while and I think it 's time we end it . ok ? wolf ( pause ) ok . wanda I think it 's better . wolf so do i. wanda well , good . still friend ? wolf sure . wanda great , cause we still have to work together and there 's no reason it have to be unpleasant . give I a hug . wanda and Wolf move into a extremely wooden embrace . wanda you be a real special guy , Wolf . wolf thanks . wanda slip Wolf a tender smile then walk away . wanda ( into she walkie ) ok , let 's get the a team in please ! Nick , ellen , Mr. tito ! int . the set . day Nick be work with the crew and the actor . the set consist of two flat ( one with the fake door ) join to make a corner . the flat be paint fire -engine red . nick ok , here 's the shot . we start wide with ellen stand absolutely still right in the middle of the frame . you get that , Wolf ? wolf yeah . nick ( notice eyepatch ) what happen to you eye ? wolf nothing . it 's a little sensitive today . nick can you see ? wolf ( snap ) of course I can see ! for a moment Nick look like he might snap back at Wolf but he draw a deep breath and continue . nick ok , ellen be stand there . the smoke be flow in and : ellen 's line . nicole I be so hungry . nick good , tito , that 's you cue . the fake door open and tito enter wear he top hat and carry a golden apple in he glove hand . nick you walk around she once , hold the apple out , that 's right ; just beyond she reach . you be stare at she hard . harder , good . then stop right here . can we get a mark , please ? the ac move up to Nick and place a piece of yellow tape on the floor . cu the yellow tape . nick then we dolly in to tito 's Close - up . alright , Wolf ? wanda it should be hand -held . nick no , I think it 's better on the dolly . wolf whatever . nicole Nick , do I see he ? nick no , just the apple . and tito , right after we dolly in give I a little laugh there . tito a little laugh ? nick Big , little ; anything you feel like do . ok ? good . let 's shoot one . call it , wanda . wanda ok , here we go . camera back to one. action on the smoke . the gaffer turn on the smoke machine which emit a pathetic wisp of smoke that immediately dissipate . wanda and roll sound . nick hold it , wanda . can we get a little more smoke ? be that possible ? gaffer oh , sure . the gaffer adjust a knob and another thin puff of smoke wheeze out . nick good . call it , wanda . wanda go for picture . lock it up . and roll sound . SOUND speed ! wanda Roll camera ! ac Rolling ! clapper scene six , take one ! nick and , action . int . the dream . take one . day Nicole stand motionless in the middle of the empty set . her white wedding gown stand out sharply against the deep red wall . a sad shred of smoke drift by she head . nicole I be so hungry . tito open the door and walk in , stare hard at Nicole . his sky - blue tuxedo gleam in the rich light . he walk around she in a circle hold the golden apple just beyond she reach . he stop on he mark and the camera dolly into a cu of he . he do not laugh . Nick watch this for a moment in intense concentration . int . the set . day nick and ... cut . wanda that 's a cut . Nick ; comment ? nick yeah , just a couple . I think that be uh ... good . tito , that be very good , man , really . you do not feel like laugh ? tito I laugh . nick oh , ok ; I guess I miss it . you could make it bigger if you want . and ellen , maybe just a little more tension when you see he . nicole I think I do not see he . nick right , maybe you see he a little bit . nicole alright , I be confuse . do I see he or not ? nick you see he . nicole ok , what be the tension ? who be toto ? tito ( hard ) it 's tito . nicole ( alarmed ) what do I say ? tito toto . nicole oh , God . I be sorry , tito . I do not know why I be do that . I be really sorry . nick ellen , come on now ; concentrate . remember ; you be marrying damian tomorrow . you be a little anxious . you have this dream . let 's call it a anxiety dream , and tito represent the anxiety . cu tito look none too happy about this representation . nick ok ? it seem pretty simple . nicole let 's just try it . nick good . and Bob , let 's really have some smoke on this one . gaffer ok , more smoke . wolf I still think it should be hand -held . nick yeah , well , I do not want it hand - hold . I want it on the dolly . where 's my notebook , wanda ? wanda on it 's way , Nick . nick good . call it , wanda . wanda lock it up . go for picture . and roll sound . SOUND speed ! wanda Roll camera ! ac Rolling ! clapper scene six , take two ! nick and , action . int . the dream . take two Nicole stand motionless as a few more emaciate puff of smoke hang in the air . nicole I be so hungry . tito enter , walk around she hold the apple just beyond she reach then move to he mark . the camera dolly into a cu . he do not laugh . int . the set . day nick cut . wanda that 's a cut . go again , Nick ? nick yes . wanda go again , please stand by . nick ok , ellen , good . you be on to something there . nicole no , something 's not right . it all feel fake to I . Nick 's tone with Nicole suddenly take on a almost imperceptible edge , tinged with annoyance . nick well , it 's not fake ; it 's real . just remember , you really want the apple . tito , I still think we could see more of a laugh at the end . tito what kind of laugh ? nick just a laugh . tito show I . nick oh , ok . a laugh . I be think maybe like this . ha ha ha ha ha ha ha . everyone watch Nick demonstrate the laugh . he seem unaware he resemble a drunken , slightly annoyed idiot . nick something like that . ok ? and remember , tito , this be a dream . not everything have to make sense . a laugh right there heighten we sense of ... of ... tito anxiety . nick exactly . Wolf , how be that for you ? wolf I still think it should be hand -held . nick ( snap ) well , God damn it ! it 's not go to be ! it 's on the dolly so just forget about it ! there be a strain moment of silence on the set as everyone witness this rebuke . nick and Bob , what the fuck be that smoke ? might as well get a couple hamster in here blow smoke ring for Christ 's sake . gaffer the septic valve be not open . I get it now . we be go to see some smoke now . nick alright , let 's try another take . wanda and , lock it up . wolf Nick , could I talk to you for a minute ? nick what ?! wolf in private . nick ( sigh in exasperation ) alright . Nick follow Wolf off the set . wanda release the lock -up . everyone stand by . gaffer we will see some smoke now . ac Way to go , Bob . int . a corner . day as soon as Wolf and Nick reach the darken corner , Wolf whirl to face Nick . wolf I really do not like be speak to like that , Nick ! nick yeah , well I do not like you attitude ! wolf I do not have a attitude ! nick the hell you do not ! every time I ask you to do something all I get be no , no , no and I be sick of it ! I hire you to do a job ; if you be not go to do it you better let I know right now ! Wolf be about to yell back at Nick when suddenly he stop and let out a deep , painful sigh . wolf I be sorry , Nick . I be go through some heavy shit . nick what do you mean ? wolf I can not really go into it . it 's pretty heavy . nick personal ? Wolf make a slight motion with he head toward wanda who be stand some distance away watch they . see the two man look at she wanda shoot they a hard glare which prompt Wolf and Nick to turn away quickly . wolf personal , professional , emotional . it 's do a number on I . and now you be tell I you be go to fire I . nick I do not say that , Wolf . come on , I be not go to fire you . you be do a great job here . wolf be I ? nick yeah , I do not know what I would do without you , man . you have get a great eye . I just hope it 's not the one under that eyepatch . Nick let out a tense , strain laugh but Wolf 's only response be to stare back at he sadly . nick listen , Wolf . let I tell you one thing I have learn ; sometimes you just have to roll with thing . you know ? wolf you be right . nick Roll with it , man . you will be ok . Wolf let out another deep sigh . wolf thanks , bro . int . a corner of the set . day the gaffer , boom man , and ac kneel around the smoke machine . a can of gas and a quart of oil stand beside they . boom that 's where the oil go . gaffer no , that 's where the gas go . boom I be tellin ' you , Bob . that 's where the oil go . SOUND lester , do not you think Bob know where the oil go ?! gaffer I do not remember use oil in ' 85 . ac maybe both the oil and gas go in there ? the gaffer and boom man turn and look at the ac for a long moment . boom I think he 's right . gaffer I think he be too . ok , three part gas , one part oil . the gaffer and boom man pour liberal amount of gas and oil into the T - 160 . int . the set . day Nick rush up to he position by the camera . nick be my notebook here yet , wanda ? wanda any minute , Nick . nick good . call it , wanda . wanda go for picture . lock it up . and roll sound . SOUND speed ! wanda Roll camera ! ac Rolling ! clapper scene six , take three ! nick and , action . int . the dream . take three Nicole stand motionless in she white wedding dress , look genuinely alarmed , possibly because of the huge cloud of smoke now spew out of the panting smoke machine . nicole I be so hungry . tito enter , stare at she hard and walk around she in a circle hold the apple just beyond she reach . the smoke be so thick both of they be barely visible . just as tito get to he mark the smoke machine backfire with a tremendous explosion and begin fill the room with dense , blind smoke . int . the set . day the smoke blank out the entire frame . frantic shout be hear from unseen body . nick cut! cut! cut ! wanda turn it off ! turn it off ! gaffer I can not find the switch ! wolf pull the plug ! Bob ! pull the plug ! wanda open the door ! get some water ! gaffer I get it ! I get it ! the smoke machine emit a loud hiss and die , fill the room with sudden silence . slowly the smoke begin to clear as the crew move around mutter and cough . wanda clear the set ! ellen ! tito ! please step off the set ! tito ( v.o. ) I be off the set ! nicole ( v.o. ) so be i. wanda then who be that ? who be that ? please step off the set ! a pair of fuzzy - slipper foot enter the smoky frame . the camera boom up , pass over a woman 's bare shin , a flower , blue silk housecoat until finally come to rest on the pleasantly smile face of cora . this be the same woman who play ellen 's mother in part one ; she be dress exactly the same as she be in they scene . the camera pull back to reveal jeff the intern stand nervously beside she with a red notebook in he hand . cora hi , nicky . Nick gape in utter astonishment . nick Mom ! int . the set production office . day wanda speak urgently into the phone while Nicole stand beside she . Jeff ( still wear he hat ) wait at a distance clutching Nick 's red notebook . wanda cora reve , r-e-v -e . Blue housecoat , blue slipper . how do I know ? because she 's sit ten foot away from I . well sweetheart , that 's go to be a real fuck problem . Nicole turn away and walk past Jeff to the craft service table . jeff she be wait outside Nick 's apartment when I go to pick up he notebook . she say she be look for he so I figure I should just bring she up here . you look really pretty in that dress . Nicole nod politely then look to the makeup corner where Nick sit talk earnestly to he mother . int . makeup corner nick how do you get here ? cora I take a bus in ; go right to you apartment . nick how do you get out of you room ? cora oh , I just go right through the door . nick it be unlock !? cora no , it be lock . I just go through it . it 's something I have learn to do , nicky . I can walk through just about anything ; like air . nick Mom , you have get to stop do this . I be serious . I be a little upset with you . you could have get lose , or hurt . cora I want to see you . I have miss you . nick I know , Mom ; I have miss you too . but it 's not really a good time . Nicole approach , hold up the hem of she wedding gown . there be a subtle tension smolder between she and Nick . nicole they be send a car . it should be here in a couple of hour . they do not even know she be go . nick Jesus , I do not believe this . cora I be sorry , Nick . if I know there be go to be a wedding I would have wear my fuck hat . int . the set . day the camera hold on tito pace slowly , alone on the set . he be smoking fiercely , hold he top hat with one hand . suddenly he begin laugh in a loud , stage bellow . int . a corner of the set . day Nick set a chair for he mother and help she sit down . Nicole join tito on the set and talk quietly to he . nick there . how 's that , Mom ? can you see ? cora be the little fellow go to do gymnastics ? tito glance up at she quickly . nick shhhh ! no. now come on , Mom . you have get to be quiet . absolutely quiet . ok ? cora ( whisper ) ok . int . the set . near the camera . day wanda and Wolf stand beside each other in tense , awkward silence for a long moment . wanda how be you do ? wolf good ; real good . Wolf look as if he 's about to burst into tear as Nick walk up . nick how 's the smoke machine ? wanda it 's dead , Nick . I have get call out to every Effects house in the city but I just can not seem to locate -- nick forget it . we will shoot without it . wanda but Nick , it 's a dream sequence . nick that 's the way it go , wanda . we be just go to have to roll with it . nothing else we can do . we have get to roll with it , right , Wolf ? Wolf meet Nick 's eye and give a extremely melancholy nod . Nick turn to address Nicole and tito and the edge immediately slip back into he voice . nick ok , here we go . ellen , you have get to keep reach for that apple . I do not feel that you really want it . I mean , Christ , how many time do I have to tell you ! Nicole glare at Nick for a moment then abruptly turn and walk off the set . Nick stare after she in confusion then quickly follow she . wanda everyone stand by . nobody move . go again , right away . ext . STREET . NYC . day Nicole stand with she back to the camera as Nick stride up to she with impatience . nick alright , Nicole . what 's the matter ? nicole you tell I ! you be the one with the bug up you ass ! nick now wait just a second ! nicole you have be pick on I all day ! I can not do anything right ! nick I be sorry if I be short with you , Nicole , but I think you can see I be under a little pressure here . I be shoot a dream sequence without a smoke machine , my mother 's out there think she 's at a circus wedding and you tell I the whole movie seem fake ! nicole I never say that ! nick you do too . you say , " everything feel fake . " nicole I mean I ! I feel fake ! everything I be do feel fake . I can not act . I should just do shower scene in Richard gere movie for the rest of my life ! nick Nicole , that 's ridiculous . you be a fantastic actress . all you have to do be show I you want that apple more than anything else in the world ; do not give up . understand ? you can not give up . nicole ok . suddenly wanda yell out . wanda ready , Nick ?! nick ready ! int . the set . day Nick rush back onto the set . nick ok , here we go . everybody focus , concentrate . and tito , we be still look for that little laugh , pal . ok ? call it , wanda ! wanda picture 's up . there will be no smoke in this scene . no smoke . no smoke in the dream sequence . and roll sound . SOUND speed ! wanda Roll camera ! ac Rolling ! clapper scene six , take four ! nick and , action . int . the dream . take four . day Nicole stand motionless in she wedding gown . nicole I be so hungry . tito walk in , stare at she hard , then walk around she once with the golden apple just beyond she outstretch hand . he stop and the camera dolly into he close - up . Nick watch in hopeful expectation . he wait and wait but tito do not laugh . just then the door in the rear set wall open and cora step in , look oddly puzzle . cora oh , I think this be the tv room . int . the set . day nick cut ! wanda that 's a cut . go again , right away . int . off the set . day Nick escort he mother back to she chair . nick Mom , listen to I . I do not want you to move from this chair . do you understand ? cora oh Jesus , you sound just like you father ... nick Mom , I be serious . cora ok , ok . I will not move . nick thank you . int . the set . day Nick walk back on the set and address Nicole and tito . nick ok , good . very good . ( laugh ) tito , I think we be have a little communication problem here . all I want you to do be laugh . ok ? tito why ? nick I tell you why . tito tell I again . int . off the set . day Wolf ( still wear he eyepatch ) walk over and sit quietly in a chair beside cora . he do not speak to she and gaze blankly out at Nick , tito , and Nicole on the set some distance away . cora however stare at the side of he head with such intensity Wolf can not help but turn to she . cora still do not take she eye off he and in fact stare even more intently into he eye . Wolf glance away for a moment then look back . cora continue to stare at he . suddenly , he eye be full of tear . cora watch in rapt silence . Wolf be cry openly now . cora reveal no hint of emotion as she reach out and gently lift the eyepatch off of he eye . a tight smile of satisfaction crease she lip as a tiny pool of tear be release , stream quickly down Wolf 's cheek . no one see this . int . the set . day Nick pace tensely in front of Nicole and tito . nick look , tito . it 's not that big a deal . it 's a dream , alright . strange thing happen in a dream . all you have to do be laugh . why be that such a problem ? tito why do it have to be a dwarf ? nick what ? tito why do my character have to be a dwarf ? nick he do not have to be a dwarf . tito then why be he ?! be that the only way you can make this a dream ; put a dwarf in it ? nick no , tito ; that 's not -- tito have you ever have a dream with a dwarf in it ?! do you know anyone who 's have a dream with a dwarf in it ? no ! I do not even have dream with dwarve in they ! the only place I have see dwarve in dream be in stupid movie like this ! make it weird ; put a dwarf in it . everyone will go " whoa whoa whoa , must be a dream , there 's a fuck dwarf in it ! " well , I be sick of it . you can take this dream sequence and shove it up you ass ! tito hurl he top hat and glove to the floor and walk out . everyone stare at Nick who be freeze in stunne silence . finally wanda approach he hesitantly . wanda Nick ? ( no response ) I can get right on the phone . we will try to get another ... small person here as soon as possible . nick no . he 's absolutely right . Nick sigh heavily and sink to sit on the dolly in silence . Wolf appear behind he , still wiping he eye . wolf you want to just shoot ellen , Nick ? she could be in the dream by herself . nick no . we be not go to shoot anything . I be sorry . thanks for all you help , but it 's over . I can not take it anymore . I try to roll with it but it 's time to face the music ; I can not do this . I be not a director . the shoot be over . I give up . Nick 's speech have the simple eloquence of truth ; he be not bitter or self - pity . he seem unaware of how disturbing this be to the crew . they all stand around he in shock , afraid to move or speak . finally Wolf turn to the ac and put he hand on he shoulder , like a father to he young son . wolf take the camera off the dolly . start put it away . everyone watch the ac unfasten the camera in silence . Nicole stand alone on the set in she wedding dress , still hold the golden apple . her face be freeze in dismay . suddenly cora come through the set door and march up to Nicole . cora give I that apple ! at the sound of he mother 's voice , Nick look up . he see she snatch the apple from Nicole 's hand and march back out the door , close it behind she . cora ( behind the door ) I be ready , Nick ! int . by the camera . day Nick get up slowly and whisper intensely to wanda , Wolf , and the rest of the crew . nick Roll camera . Roll sound . let 's go . right away . Wolf grab the camera and put it on he shoulder ( hand -held ) as the rest of the crew move quickly and silently into position . on a terse signal from Nick the camera start roll . int . the set . the dream . day Nicole take the silent " action " cue from Nick . nicole I be so hungry . right on cue cora walk through the door , hold the golden apple out in front of she . she circle Nicole with determination , seemingly oblivious to Nick and the rest of the crew hover behind Wolf as he begin follow she with the hand -held camera . Wolf be now in he element ; glide like nureyev with the camera . when he pan suddenly with cora the whole crew duck wildly and dive out of camera range . cora finally stop circle Nicole and stop abruptly . suddenly she raise the apple right out in front of Nicole . Wolf glide forward with the camera , frame a amazing cu of the apple with Nicole see behind it . Nicole reach out , grab the apple and take a huge , resounding bite out of it . cu Nick 's face , eye wide in anxious delight . cora take one step forward . cu she fuzzy slipper stop right on the yellow tape mark . cora wait momentarily until Wolf have reframe both she and Nicole , then let out a huge laugh . int . the set . day nick and cut !! General mayhem erupt on the set . nick Wolf , talk to I , man ! do you get it ? wolf get it , Nick ! everything ! nick the close-up ? wolf perfect . see ? that 's what I mean about go hand -held ! nick you be a genius , man ! what about the focus ?! ac naile it . wolf fuckin ' a! Wolf slap the ac 's palm , then the gaffer 's stand right beside he . he turn gleefully to the next person but see it be wanda he rigidly turn away . wanda go again , Nick ? nick how be the sound ? SOUND I could use another but definitely acceptable . Nick run up to he mother and throw he arm around she . Nicole stand beside he . nick Mom , you kook ! that be incredible ! do you know we be filming ? cora ( testily ) of course I know you be filming . nick you be great , you be a natural . and Nicole , that be beautiful . do not you dare tell I that feel fake . suddenly , on a impulse surprising both of they , Nick and Nicole embrace . just then wanda step up . wanda go again , Nick ? nick oh , hold on . let I think a second . the set grow suddenly quiet as Nick begin pace rapidly , mutter to himself . nick can I use it for the dream sequence , that 's the question . do it work for the dream sequence ? Nick suddenly look up and see everybody stare at he ; Nicole in she wedding gown , Wolf with he eyepatch , he mother still eat the apple , wanda , the crew . nick we be go with it , wanda ! wanda alright everyone , listen up . that be a wrap on scene six . the set erupt in applause . SOUND hold it ! hold it ! hold it ! wanda what ?! SOUND I need to record room tone . I will need thirty second of silence . wanda oh , alright ! quiet . quiet ! shut up !! thirty second of room tone . the sooner you be quiet the sooner we be do . cora ( whisper to Nick ) what 's room tone ? nick it 's for the sound , Mom . we just have to be quiet . at that moment a door open at the rear of the set and a doctor and nurse enter . the nurse carry a extra overcoat . Jeff , the Driver , turn and sternly whisper for they to be quiet . wanda and roll sound . nobody move . SOUND speed . int . the set . day the camera be wide , show the entire set , actor , and crew . everyone stand in perfect silence , as motionless as statue . as the silence continue the mood on the set gradually change . one by one people drift into they own private world of reflection . ms the sound man , alternately watch he recorder and he stopwatch . behind he the boom man hold the mike in position to record general ambiance while stare off into the distance . cu the tape recorder spin in quiet precision . cu the stopwatch , its giant second hand show five second have pass . ms Nick stand next to he mother who drape one arm casually over Nick 's shoulder . Nick glance up and see Nicole beside he , absorb in she own thought . suddenly she look up and she eye meet Nick 's . she slip he the barest hint of a smile . the camera dolly slowly through the stand , silent group , pass over face in different degree of think . cu the sound man 's stopwatch , the giant second hand show ten second have pass . ms Nick . he be so immerse in think he look at no one . the camera slowly dolly into a cu of he . int . a award ceremony chad palomino stand at a gleam podium , look radiant in a immaculate tuxedo . he hold a envelope in he hand . chad we have a new category this year : best Film ever make by a human be . and the winner be none other than my best Bud , Nick reve ! amid thunderous applause Nick bound on the stage and accept a oscar from Chad . he stand grin like a idiot as the applause continue . int . the set . day ms Nick , still wrap in think , he lip start to form the same idiotic smile . ms Nicole . the camera dolly slowly into she face , now tinged with a slight uneasiness . int . a cheap restaurant Wide shot at the counter . Nicole stand face a large bald man with he back to the camera . she be wear a cheap pink waitress uniform and have she hair under a hairnet . man have any experience ? nicole I be a actress for a while . she pull she headshot out of she shoulder bag and hand it to the man with a hopeful smile . he flip over the headshot and look at she credit with confuse annoyance . man yeah , but can you cook a hamburger ? nicole ( doubtfully ) probably . int . the set . day ms Nicole . she jerk she head slightly in response to this moment of think . cu the stopwatch , show fifteen second have pass . ms Wolf . the camera begin a slow dolly into he cu . int . wanda's apt . day Wolf stand like thor in the middle of the Red set , he arm cross over he chest , he jaw set in determination . smoke billow around he . at he foot , dress in Nicole 's wedding gown , wanda sob hysterically . wanda Wolf , I be sorry ! please forgive I ! I love you , Wolf ! please ! give I one more chance . let I prove it ! I love you ! I love you , Wolf ! Wolf remain unmove for a long moment . finally he reach out with a forgive smile and pat wanda 's head . int . the set . day ms Wolf . he glance furtively at wanda with a trace of hope still in he eye . ms wanda , look off . the camera dolly into she cu . int . a cheap HOTEL room this be the same hotel room from part two , in which we see Nicole and Chad palomino . at the moment wanda and Chad lie panting in the sweat - soak sheet . wanda what I love about you , Chad , be you be not afraid of my power . chad oh God , wanda ! I love you power . it 's like a afferdesiac to I ! int . the set . day ms wanda . she shift slightly and glance quickly around she . her smile be tinged with the hint of sexual pleasure . ms the gaffer , frown , absorb in think . the camera dolly into a cu of he . int . a cheap restaurant . day suddenly , a cu of a incredibly beautiful hamburger be place in a toast bun on a gleam white oval plate . a hand place a garnish of parsley on it then carry the plate to the lunch counter . camera pan to reveal the gaffer sit on the stool . he pick up the hamburger and take a huge bite out of it . this shot hold for quite some time as he continue to chew . int . the set . day ms the gaffer . a hopeful , delicious smile spread over he face . cu the sound man 's stopwatch , the giant second hand show twenty second have pass . ms cora . she gaze serenely out before she . int . nursing home . day in the pale afternoon light , cora stand in the middle of she drab , barren room . she appear to be stare at the door . suddenly she begin stride toward it . effortlessly , easily , she walk right through it . int . a award ceremony Nick still stand at the podium with he oscar . nick in close I would like to say to all the people who tell I not to make this movie , who would not meet with I or return a simple phone call . to my favorite professor at Film School whose parting advice to I be to take a job teach at a woman 's college . to delore delsporto , the girl I love in high school who leave I for a Jr. varsity football player : to all this people I would like to say thank you but I can not because what I really feel like say be go fu -- !! int . the set . day ms Nick , he head and body jerk in a sudden spasm . he finish the last word of he speech in a choke whisper and the sound man frown hard at he . cu the sound man 's stopwatch show twenty - five second have pass . the camera stay on the watch until the final five second have elapse . SOUND and , that 's a cut on room tone . the room erupt with activity . everyone move and talk at once . Nick whisper something to Nicole then run off . wanda ok , strike the set . props ! Art Department ! redress for scene thirty - one . let 's go ! right away people ! Nick ! Nick ! anyone see Nick ?! ws the set . suddenly the fake door close right into the lens , turn the frame completely black . end credit . the end