locke by Steven knight locke - shoot script - Feb 21st 2013 2. int . land rover / ext . large construction site - night 1 through the window of a land Rover , we see a construction site work at full capacity . huge arc light and floodlight illuminate the scene and man be hard at work . a group of man be in discussion in a pool of light . there be a conversation , then one of the man break off and take a call on he cellphone . he be distant , not even the focal point of the shot . he put he finger in he ear to hear the call more clearly . he be too far away for we to see he reaction or expression but , when he cut the call , he walk directly toward the car and the other man turn to watch he go . as he get closer we see he wear a tie and heavy boot and a heavy coat . he wear a hard hat . he find a key fob and hit it . the light inside the car glow in response . the man get into the driver 's seat . he be in he thirty , a face make of stone and unused to expression of emotion . this be ivan locke . he sit in the driver 's seat for a few moment . he take a breath and we might guess ( or we might not ) that he have just have some important news . be he scared , angry ? he take out he cellphone and look , decide whether or not to make a call . he check he watch . he decide there be not time for the call . he put the phone away quickly and fire the engine . he shift gear and reverse . we stay with he and will stay with he intensely for the rest of the story . the car bump over rough ground as Ivan head for the big secure gate that open out onto the street . the construction site be massive and it take a while to reach the edge of it . truck rumble and generator roar . this be Ivan 's world . the gate be open by a guy in a high viz jacket . Ivan reach the kerb of the road and indicate right as a reflex . but he do not pull away . he realize that this time he must choose which way he will go . he have a decision to make but he be a man who make a hundred hard decision a day . even so , he take time . a massive truck pull up inch behind he and its headlight fill Ivan 's car . Ivan continue to make he decision as he indicator tick away the second . the truck hoot its baleful horn , the voice of fate . Ivan hit the indicator to indicate leave instead of right . he turn leave and join light evening traffic . locke - shoot script - Feb 21st 2013 3 . ext . site through cctv camera 2 we see Ivan pull out of the site through the lens of a cctv camera ... int . land rover / ext . CITY street 3 Ivan will now drive through city street toward the m6 motorway , a couple of mile away . we will not blink as we study he as he drive ... Ivan be now confront the crisis in he head . on the site he be in a familiar place but now he be on a journey and must necessarily begin to consider the destination and the place he be leave . his first decision be to make a phone call on he hand free car phone . this be a important component of the story so we should take some time establish the mechanism . he have a long list of speed dial number , identify by name or location . he speed dial a number label ' bastard 's ... ivan hello , can I speak to gareth ? we hear a woman 's voice from the hand - free phone . many voice will come into the car during this story . the first be a woman in she forty ( gareth 's wife ) ... gareth 's wife ( oov ) he 's not back yet . can I ask who 's call ? ivan Ivan locke . gareth 's wife ( oov ) can I say what it 's regard ? ivan concrete . Ivan take a moment and decide a explanation would be pointless ... ivan ( cont 'd ) can you tell he it 's urgent and tell he to call I back . gareth 's wife ( oov ) do he have you number ? ivan yes. locke - shoot script - Feb 21st 2013 4. we hear child in the background and a tv . Ivan react to the family sound because the world of child and family be about to explode and he will be cut adrift from it forever . gareth 's wife ( oov ) what be you name again ? ivan Ivan locke . gareth 's wife ( oov ) something about concrete . ivan yes . gareth 's wife ( oov ) will he know what ? ivan no. something have come up . I need to tell people ... Ivan almost choke on some unexpected emotion . it be a shock to we and to he , like undigested food hit he gullet ... ivan ( cont 'd ) it 's urgent . a dog bark . gareth 's wife ( oov ) what ? ivan locke I say it 's very urgent . thanks . he cut the call and drive . the emotion that just strike he be a bad development so early . he have a lot to do in the next hour and a half and he must hold this together at all cost . he drive for a while to calm himself . then , when he be sure he be ready , he make another call ... we hear a mobile phone answer message . the voice be bethan , early thirty ... bethan 's answer message ( oov ) hi , this be bethan . I can not get to the phone right now , please leave a message . Ivan miss the cue of the beep by a second because he 's get he voice straight . finally ... ivan locke it 's Ivan . I get you message . I be on my way and I 'o 1l get there . I be in the car now . ( more ) locke - shoot script - Feb 21st 2013 5 ivan locke ( cont 'd ) it will be about a hour and a half unless there 's traffic . he take a moment ... ivan locke ( cont ’d ) it will be ok . if the nurse or anybody want to talk to I I be only on this number . or if the doctor or anybody . it ’1ll be ok . I all get there . the traffic should be ok . he cut the call . he drive and twenty second later he phone ring ... ivan locke ( cont ’d ) Ivan locke . we hear a soft Southern irish accent ... a pause . a pause . donal ( oov ) I just get you message . it 's a joke , be it ? ivan locke I know it 's a shock but it will be ok ? donal ( incredulous ) ( oov ) ok ? ivan locke I will go through everything with you and it 's 1ll be ok . donal ( oov ) you know where I be ? I be ata service station . I be turn the fuck van round . I put the other lad out on the hard shoulder . I be halfway home . ivan locke yeah . donal ( oov ) what the fuck happen ? ivan locke it 's a family thing . donal ( oov ) be someone ... he pause . locke - shoot script - Feb 21st 2013 6. donal ( oov ) ( cont 'd ) be it a bereavement ? ivan locke I do not have a choice ... donal ( oov ) be it one of the kid ? ivan locke donal , I need you to just fix this up and be alright ... ivan locke ( cont ’d ) and solid . which you be . which you be . just from when the sun come up tomorrow morning until when it 's all be pump . I need you to hold it together . you will not be alone . I can be on the phone . in 1l talk to you every five minute until the pump be finish ... donal ( oov ) on the fuck phone ? ivan locke on the phone . donal ( oov ) have you go mad ? ivan locke I do not think so . donal ( running on ) ( oov ) Ivan , at 5.45 be tomorrow morning we have three hundred and fifty metric ton of wet concrete be deliver to we site . we have two hundred truck from all over the fuck country descend on we ... ivan locke ( correcting ) Three hundred and fifty five metric ton , two hundred and eighteen truck . a disbely pause . a pause . donal ( oov ) it 's a joke . be it ? locke - shoot script - Feb 21st 2013 7 ivan locke I have no choice . donal ( oov ) be it a bereavement ? Ivan never lie . silence . a long pause . donal ( oov ) ( cont 'd ) Ivan , what the fuck have happen ? ivan locke I need you to just do this . a long pause . donal ( oov ) Ivan , I hate myself even hearing myself even say this , but if someone 's die like you mother or someone , could you not go wherever you have to go after twelve tomorrow when the concrete be pump ? Ivan drive ... donal ( oov ) ( cont 'd ) you know what I be say . whoever be dead be not ... you know ... they will not be any different between now and midday . Dead people stay the same . ivan no one be dead . donal , I need you to do this , ok ? I need you to be there with enough stuff and the right head when the sun come up . donal ( oov ) Holy fuck Mary . I be a fuck concrete farmer . do you ever see I read anything write down on paper . ivan you be ok . you know how to run a pump , you know how to run truck back - to- back and turn truck back , you know how to test for slump . donal ( oov ) I have never even shovel on a pump this big ... locke - shoot script - Feb 21st 2013 8 ivan it 's the same but more of it . you just do the same but for longer . check it , slump it , send it back if it 's piss and pump it if its right . a long pause . donal ( oov ) what do gareth say ? ivan I have not speak to he yet . donal ( oov ) he ’1ll fuck ... ivan I know ... donal ( oov ) he will go fuck sideways and around the house like he arse be on fire . ivan I know . donal ( oov ) Ivan , it ’1ll be the sack . ivan I know . donal ( oov ) Jesus , you be the best foreman I ever fuck work with and the best site manager . what the hell be it that 's 1ll make you risk the sack ? ivan I need you to do this for I donal . start round up some cowboy then call I back . I '’11 be on the road . he cut the call . Ivan be a strong practical man and he be face a crisis which be unfamiliar , but some thing he can keep control of . Men like donal he can handle . he drive some more but ten second later the phone ring ... ivan ( cont 'd ) Ivan locke . bethan ( oov ) Ivan ? locke - shoot script - Feb 21st 2013 9 ivan locke where be you ? when bethan speak she sound scared to death and in pain . she 's mid-forty , middle class ... bethan ( oov ) I just get admit . I be in the labor ward . it 's call Bailey ward . ivan locke do they say how long ? bethan ( oov ) I be five centimetre . ivan locke what do that mean ? bethan ( oov ) dilate . ivan locke I know but what do that mean ? how long ? bethan ( oov ) they just leave I . I be on my own . ivan locke be there a bell ? bethan ( oov ) a what ? ivan locke I do not know , a buzzer or something to get a nurse . bethan ( oov ) they just put they head round . they say it could be hour . a pause . ivan locke be you ok ? bethan ( oov ) I need the lavatory ... ivan locke tell they . tell they . bethan ( oov ) there 's no one here . he stop . a pause . locke - shoot script - Feb 21st 2013 10 . ivan locke be there a bell ? bethan ( oov ) they do not have bell . what do you mean ? ivan locke when they put they head round the door , tell they you need the lavatory . bethan ( oov ) it 's like a pain I have never have . right inside all the way up to my chest . ivan locke have you talk to anyone about pain ? bethan ( oov ) what do you mean ? ivan locke stop the pain . have you decide . bethan ( oov ) they say ' let 's see 's . ivan locke just have whatever there be . seriously . bethan ( oov ) what ? ivan locke I do not know . for the pain . because fuck ... bethan ( oov ) you be there when you wife give birth . ivan locke do not think about that , get they to give you everything . if they ask , just say I want everything . bethan ( oov ) what do she have ? locke - shoot script - Feb 21st 2013 11 . a pause . ivan locke who? bethan ( oov ) you precious wife . a pause . ivan locke I can not remember . the thing they put in you spine . a pause . bethan ( oov ) be you there ? ivan locke yes . bethan ( oov ) and you will be here ... ivan locke yes . bethan ( oov ) because I be really in pain ... she begin to cry . Ivan drive on through the night . ivan locke the traffic 's ok . just tell they to give you everything for the pain . I all be there in a hour and a half . if anything happen , just shout as loud as you can . bethan ( oov ) it 's cold and all the window be open . ivan locke tell they to close the window . the traffic 's ok . go to the lavatory . I will be there . she begin to sob and we hear a whimper of pain . ivan locke ( softly to himself ) ( cont 'd ) fuck . a pause . locke - shoot script - Feb 21st 2013 12. bethan ( oov ) have you even tell you wife that someone be have you baby ? he drive .... ivan locke I be about to do that . I have a list of thing I have to do tonight while I be drive . bethan ( oov ) so I be on a list . ivan yes . tonight , yes . a pause . bethan ( oov ) do you love I ? a long pause . ivan locke that 's a question you be ask probably because of the pain or something . how could I love you ? the call be cut . Ivan drive on . he speak softly to himself as he glance in the rear view mirror and see he own eye ... ivan locke ( cont ’d ) so. Hell . he must concentrate on the road . he flick through he speed dial number and find ' home 's . he be about to call but the phone ring .... ivan locke ( cont ’d ) Ivan locke . gareth ( oov ) it 's gareth . I speak to donal . this have better be more than good . ivan locke hello gareth ... gareth ( interrupting , furious ) ( oov ) speak to I only about the morning . it be apparent gareth have already hear the news but Ivan confirm . locke - shoot script - Feb 21st 2013 13 . ivan locke I will not be on site for the pump tomorrow . gareth ( to himself ) ( oov ) this be not happen . ivan locke the truth be tonight I be go to become a father . a long pause . ivan locke ( cont ’d ) she 's in London . I have to be there . gareth ( oov ) ok , ok , ok , let I read you something . Ivan . be you listen ? yeah ? good . it 's from Mr Dean in Chicago . ' good luck tomorrow with the pour . we have just have it confirm by cgo that this will be the biggest single concrete pour ever make in Europe outside of nuclear / military project . I know the day be in the safest of hand . best wish , Mitchell . 's that 's Mitchell Dean himself . the President of the whole fuck company . do you hear that Ivan ? from Chicago . USA . ivan locke yes . gareth ( oov ) you 'il have to speak up . ivan yes , I hear . gareth ( oov ) and you be the man in charge of the entire operation but , with ten hour to go , you have decide you will not be there . ivan locke donal will handle it . he be a good man . gareth ( exploding ) ( oov ) do not you fuck dare say that to I . ( more ) locke - shoot script - Feb 21st 2013 14 . gareth ( exploding ) ( oov ) ( cont 'd ) do not fuck dare to give qualitative appraisal of my staff and say ' good man 's like it 's go off to buy a fuck ice cream . Ivan drive . a pause ... gareth ( oov ) ( cont 'd ) this be fuck concrete . like shit . like piss when it come , you pump it . ivan locke like baby . gareth ( oov ) it 's a joke to you . ivan locke no . right now nothing be a joke anymore . gareth ( oov ) so it 's not you wife give birth ? ivan locke no it 's someone else . gareth ( incredulous ) ( oov ) Jesus . Ivan ? you be the last person on earth ... ivan locke yes . I be the last person on earth . but it happen . gareth ( oov ) and this woman can not give birth on she own ? ivan locke I have make a decision . there be nobody else who could be with she . she have no friend in London and be a quite fragile person . gareth ( snarling ) ( oov ) fragile ? Ivan drive ... gareth ( oov ) ( cont 'd ) you be go to abandon the biggest fuck concrete pour in Europe to hold someone 's fuck hand because she 's fragile . locke - shoot script - Feb 21st 2013 15 . ivan locke and because the baby be cause by I . that be the decision I have make . I have not behave in the right way with this woman . at all . I have behave in a way that be not like I . but now I be go to do the right thing . gareth ( oov ) and Chicago can go to fuck hell . ivan locke it be the decision I have make . I be not go to turn back . gareth ( oov ) Jesus , Jesus , Jesus . you know how many million pound be riding on tomorrow ?... Ivan drive ... gareth ( oov ) ( cont 'd ) if any one of that pump fuck up we be face ten million pound worth of loss in fifteen minute . so we get that every fifteen minute for the whole morning , a total shut down , hundred million dollar . pump the hard stuff into soft ground and watch it set so we have to pay another fuck gang of fuck hungarian monkey to dig it out again . secondary cost , outside insurance , another five million . Ivan drive . gareth ( oov ) ( cont 'd ) be you still there ? ivan locke yes . I have no explanation apart from the one I have give . I must do the right thing by this woman . a pause . gareth be about to speak ... ivan locke ( cont ’d ) but , gareth , I have make a pledge to myself that I will not allow the pour to fuck up . gareth ( oov ) this be a joke . be you wear a fuck red nose ? locke - shoot script - Feb 21st 2013 16 . silence . gareth ( oov ) ( cont 'd ) this be a fuck joke . I be go to call Chicago . if it be not for the fact that you have be so solid for we for so many year I would fire you down the phone . Ivan drive ... gareth ( oov ) ( cont 'd ) but I will speak to Chicago first . silence ... gareth ( oov ) ( cont 'd ) Ivan ? have you lose you fuck mind ? Ivan check he rear view mirror . ivan locke I make my decision . the call be cut . Ivan drive on as he consider the question . have he lose he mind ? we come close to he face as he consider he situation . then he glance in the rear view mirror . we sense that something in the mirror bother he , a irritant he try to ignore but finally can not . he snap into the rear view mirror ... ivan locke ( cont ’d ) what the fuck be you look at ? a pause . ivan locke ( cont ’d ) you be watch this be not you . laugh at my predicament ? a familiar predicament to a man like you , right dad ? a pause . ivan locke ( cont ’d ) you think ' there he be , look . like father like son . the man I make 's . a pause . ivan locke ( cont ’d ) what be it they say ? the apple do not fall far from the tree . well that 's where you be wrong . locke - shoot script - Feb 21st 2013 16a . he study the road , the light flash across he face ... locke - shoot script - Feb 21st 2013 17 . Ivan erupt slowly ... ivan locke ( cont ’d ) you listen to I you fuck piece of worthless shit . I want you to watch ... a pause . his face harder and harder ... ivan locke ( cont ’d ) in fact I have like to take a fuck shovel and dig you up out of the fuck ground and make you watch I tonight . he stare into the mirror . ivan locke ( cont ’d ) I would pull open you eye and kick the mud and worm and shit out you ear . just for the duration of this fuck journey . because it 's I drive not you . he drive on but he face fix with determination .... ivan locke ( cont ’d ) and unlike you I ‘’1ll go to the place where I should be and I x11 be there to take care of my fuck up . I x11 take what 's due to I . he glare into the rear view mirror ... ivan locke ( cont ’d ) so you laugh or do what the fuck you want , like you always do , but I will fix this . pause . ivan locke ( cont ’d ) I will fix it . his phone ring . he glance at the ghost of he father with venom . ivan locke ( cont ’d ) yes donal . donal ( oov ) ok , I be drive back so I 'il be quick . I call Ryan and steal a half dozen pole and some hungarian from Patrick . ( more ) locke - shoot script - Feb 21st 2013 17a . donal ( oov ) ( cont 'd ) I get breakfast ticket for the concrete farmer and the shutter boy be do bar the fuck about with clip . I ask albanian alby to test the pump on the argylle side and he say they be pissing it out . ivan locke ok , ok stop . when you get back on site you check every pump yourself , individually and with you own hand on the turner . you do not ask anybody else to check and sign off . you go around the whole site and you check each one yourself . and do not trust alby after five because he drink . now . talk to I about the mix . donal ( oov ) do we say c6 ? Ivan react ... ivan locke do not say that like it 's a question . locke - shoot script - Feb 21st 2013 18 . donal ( oov ) sometimes when I say thing it sound like a question when it be not . ivan locke all the mix for this pump will be c6 . why do you even ask ? it 's write on the whiteboard in fuck giant letter . I put ' c6 's all over the cabin in big red letter . slump of one inch , cé . do not ask I question like that ... donal ( oov ) it be not a question . I know you do not like question . ivan locke what time be you unlock ? donal ( oov ) I be go to sleep here tonight . ivan locke good . except , do not sleep . check everything . you have get the client sign -off . donal ( oov ) yeah . and the client sign - off on the gate . ivan locke that 's what I mean . the gate sign off . donal , the construction sign off should already be file . donal ( oov ) yeah . it 's ok . that 's what I mean . Ivan react .... ivan locke ok , you have the phone number of the plant . call they now donal . call every one of the bastard and get they to repeat the order . c6 on the nose or we send the truck back . seriously . that bastard will fuck you up with water in the gulley if it rain tomorrow . donal ( oov ) it will not rain . it 's go to be dry . locke - shoot script - Feb 21st 2013 19 . a pause . donal chuckle ... donal ( oov ) ( cont 'd ) I have a direct line to God , up in heaven , you know ? ivan locke ( over he ) you do not trust God when it come to concrete . call the plant , donal . every one of they and get they to fax the order back so you can check it . donal ( oov ) I will . do you speak to gareth yet ? ivan locke yes . he 's call Chicago . I be guess Chicago be go to fire I and he 'il put some fuck kid on it . so do not take he call . do not listen to anybody else . until the morning this be I and you , ok ? Ivan cut the call . he drive . he stare into the rear view . ( from now , he look into the rear view be look into the past , look at he father , prove he be go to do the right thing . ) after forty second he again bring up he speed dial number . he shuffles through to the word ' home 's . he steel himself . he hit the button and the phone begin to ring . at this moment , he car join the motorway ... ext . motorway 4 from a high gantry we see Ivan 's car join the stream of other car head South . he be just a man in a bubble of light , no different to all the other driver on they own journey .... int . land rover 5 Ivan hear the call be take . it be a boy , fourteen year old ( eddie ) eddie ( oov ) hello . this be the last thing Ivan want , to hear he son 's voice . he take a second ... locke - shoot script - Feb 21st 2013 20 . ivan locke Eddie , it 's you dad . be you mother there ? eddie ( oov ) she 's not back from the shop yet ... a pause ... eddie ( oov ) ( cont 'd ) she 's get you beer for the match ... ivan locke I will not be back for that . eddie ( oov ) what ? ivan locke something come up . silence . ivan locke ( cont ’d ) I can not get out of it ... eddie ( not registering ) ( oov ) I be wear the shirt . mum 's get sausage and guess what ? she 's wear the shirt as well . it 's so embarrassing . what do you say about come back ? ivan locke I will not be back for the match . a long pause . ivan locke ( cont ’d ) I ' 1l listen on the radio . a disbely silence ... eddie ( oov ) what do you mean ? it 's rubbish on the radio . you say you would be back . she 's do sausage . Ivan almost choke on emotion but hold it together . ivan locke be you brother there ? eddie ( oov ) yeah . you want a word ? locke - shoot script - Feb 21st 2013 21 . Ivan decide he can not face it . a pause . ivan locke no . just tell you mother to call I when she get back . eddie ( oov ) ok . ivan locke I love you . eddie ( oov ) what ? ivan locke it 's ok . get she to call I . he cut the call . he drive on . the motorway be busy with truck , light up in the darkness . he take a moment then find bethan 's name on he speed dial . Ivan cut bethan . bethan 's answer message ( oov ) hello , this be bethan , I be afraid I can not get to the phone ... the call . he drive . then the phone ring . it be bethan ( oov ) do you call ? ivan locke be you ok ? bethan ( oov ) someone close the window . ivan locke do you talk to anyone about pain ? bethan ( oov ) no . no one 's be in . ivan locke but be everything alright ? bethan ( oov ) no . it hurt like nothing ever . ivan locke I be on the m6 . hour and a quarter if the traffic stay ok . speak to someone about pain . locke - shoot script - Feb 21st 2013 22. bethan ( oov ) just now I feel like I hate you . ivan locke ( practical ) we do not know each other , bethan . that 's the simple truth . this thing just happen ... bethan ( oov ) this ' thing 's ... ivan locke ++. so we can not love or hate each other . this thing happen and that 's it . it will go up and down . but I be come at least . bethan ( oov ) do you hate I ? for go through with it ? ivan locke I do not know you so I do not hate you . do what they tell you to do . I have a lot of call to make . the traffic be fine so it will be ok . bethan ( oov ) please be quick . ivan locke yes , but there 's a limit . he cut the call and drive . he suddenly beat the steering wheel with the side of he fist hard , a sudden explosion of fury . then he get hold of himself . the phone ring . he see the number ... ivan locke ( cont ’d ) hello gareth . gareth ( oov ) yeah , look . Chicago be have a predictable melt down . ivan locke it be . ok . gareth ( oov ) I give they the whole ten year thing . about you ten year work for Park without a foot wrong ... ivan locke ( under he ) nine year .... a pause . locke - shoot script - Feb 21st 2013 23 . gareth ( oov ) ...- the whole thing . he say he go on emotion . he say the stuff about the biggest pour in Europe ... ivan locke outside nuclear and military ... gareth ( oov ) well , I tell you what , you be fire be what it be . they say they have no choice . I say about the ten year . but they say they have no choice . Ivan drive on . ivan locke so. ok . gareth ( oov ) I never do this on the phone . ivan locke it 's ok . I will still make sure the pour be alright . gareth ( oov ) Ivan , this be not a matter for negotiation . they have decide . you be fire completely as of right this second . ivan locke I know , and I do not blame they . but I be not try to keep my job . I just want the pour to go ok tomorrow ... gareth ( oov ) Ivan ... ivan locke listen to I . I want the pour to go ok not because of the money ... he take a moment ... ivan locke ( cont ’d ) I want it to go right for myself and for the building . and for the concrete . I will not let it be pump into the wrong place . tonight and tomorrow I will stay on this and stay on this and make sure the concrete get pour right . locke - shoot script - Feb 21st 2013 24 . gareth ( oov ) Ivan , look , I tell they about the ten year ... ivan locke fuck ten year . the concrete will come and I will take care of it . I know I do not have a job anymore but I will do this anyway as a favor to the building and to the concrete . gareth ( oov ) Ivan you sound ... different . ivan locke I be the same . a pause . gareth ( oov ) you should have just say you be sick ... ivan locke I be not sick . and I will make sure the pour be ok . gareth ( oov ) Ivan , I have already hand this over to another construction director and he will pick it up from ... Ivan cut the call . he drive on , speed up . the phone ring . the word ' home 's appear . it 's he wife katrina . ext . motorway 6 from surveillance camera we see Ivan 's car drive in the fast lane . we hear he phone ringing and hear he answer ... katrina ( oov ) hello , love . ivan locke ( oov ) hello Katrina ... int . land rover 7 Ivan stare ahead as he drive fast . katrina ( oov ) I get you six of the german lager and I get sausage . I think we could have hot dog again . and guess what ? I be wear the shirt . a pause . a pause . a pause . silence . a pause . locke - shoot script - Feb 21st 2013 25 . ivan locke do Eddie not give you the message . katrina ( oov ) what message ? ivan locke I be not come home . katrina ( oov ) what ? katrina ( oov ) ( cont 'd ) what do you mean ? it 's the match . I be wear the shirt . ivan locke which phone be you on ? katrina ( oov ) what do you mean ? ivan locke I can hear the tv . could you take this call on the phone upstairs . katrina ( oov ) upstair ? why ? ivan locke I have something ... ivan locke ( cont ’d ) I have something to say . katrina ( oov ) can not it wait until you get home ? ivan locke I will not be home . we hear the boy and the tv in the background . katrina ( oov ) what 's happen ? ivan locke will you go to the phone in the bedroom ? locke - shoot script - Feb 21st 2013 26 . katrina ( oov ) what 's happen ? ivan locke go to the phone in the bedroom and I 'il tell you what 's happen . the line crackle and we hear Katrina call out ... katrina ( oov ) Sean , when I shout put the phone down . we hear she walk away , hear the sound of the tv , preparation for a big football match . Ivan hear he two son argue . Eddie come to the phone ... eddie ( oov ) dad , be you come back ? ivan locke Eddie , I be talk to you mother ... eddie ( oov ) he 's not pick any winger ... katrina ( oov ) hello . ivan locke Eddie , will you put the phone down please ? eddie ( oov ) I can not believe the team he 's pick , dad . ivan locke please put the phone down . Eddie put the phone down . a pause ... katrina ( softly ) ( oov ) so what be it ? a long pause . ivan locke last year . the job in croydon . I be up and down there for three month , remember ? a pause . ivan locke ( cont ’d ) I stay in that guest house . the one I say have bad damp . a pause . a pause . a pause . silence ... silence . silence . locke - shoot script - Feb 21st 2013 27 . ivan locke ( cont ’d ) they give I a assistant . she work with I on the block construction . katrina ( oov ) ' she 's ? ivan locke she be a secretary . quite old . we work together ... katrina ( oov ) oh . ivan locke she be quite old and life on she own . forty three or something . katrina ( oov ) why be you tell I about some woman ? Ivan glance in the rear view mirror ... ivan locke this be the only time I ever do this , Katrina . the only time . after the block be settle in , there be some drink to celebrate . the block go in be a big thing because it be the base of the whole building ... ivan locke ( cont ’d ) and she come back to the guest house . she be not what you would call a oil painting . but it be wet and cold . she talk about be lonely and I talk about be happy but lonely sometimes when I be away . and there be this wine . and this be the only time I do this in all we fifteen year . ivan locke ( cont ’d ) and now , tonight , she be give birth . locke - shoot script - Feb 21st 2013 28 . ivan locke ( cont ’d ) tonight she be give birth . and it 's mine . the call be cut . Ivan drive on . we stay with Ivan for a few minute as he drive . he be not a man accustom to moment like this and he reaction be just the blue glisten tip of a iceberg . he look like a man make of ice in the headlight . the phone ring . Ivan force himself to answer because he know he must . ivan locke ( cont ’d ) donal . donal ( oov ) look , Ivan , this be not a question , ok ? Ivan wait . donal ( oov ) ( cont 'd ) but I just get off the phone with the plant in stafford and they say they know it 's a c6 mix , but how far toward c5 can it go . silence . Ivan be expressionless ... donal ( oov ) ( cont 'd ) in other word , if one truck have some c5 , how badly would that be take ? Ivan let the silence express he disbelief ... donal ( oov ) ( cont 'd ) Ivan , be you still there ? ivan locke donal , what do it say on the whiteboard ? donal ( oov ) it say c6 . ivan locke what do it say on every piece of paperwork and every sign off sheet ? donal ( oov ) it say c6 . ivan locke it say c6 . and you know why ? a pause . a pause ... silence . a pause . locke - shoot script - Feb 21st 2013 29 . ivan locke ( cont ’d ) because , eventually , when my building be complete , it will be fifty five floor high . it will weigh two million two hundred and twenty three thousand metric ton . my building will alter the water table and squeeze granite . now ... ivan locke ( cont ’d ) ... if the concrete at the base of my building be not right , if it slip a half inch , crack appear . if crack appear they will grow and grow and the whole thing will collapse . donal ( oov ) Ivan , look .... ivan locke you make one mistake , donal . one , little fuck mistake , and the world come down around you . so ... ivan locke ( cont ’d ) tell stafford ... ivan locke ( cont ’d ) ccé. donal ( oov ) cé6 it be . Ivan cut the call . we drive with he for one minute as he contemplate he own mistake . he call up the number of ' Home 's again . ivan locke Katrina ... katrina ( oov ) that do not happen . I be not believe it ... ivan locke Katrina , I want to move to a practical next step ... katrina ( oov ) I be here in the dark in we bedroom and nothing look the same ... locke - shoot script - Feb 21st 2013 30 . ivan locke I can not talk very well . I have feel scrape out for month . she phone and say she be have a baby and keep it because it be she last chance to be happy . and then tonight she phone and say the water break and it 's two month early . I be go to tell you before but the water break early . so I have to do this now in the car . every night I be go to tell you ... katrina ( oov ) I can not really breath . ivan locke Katrina , you know what happen with my dad and how the bastard be not around for I and do not even give I a name ... katrina ( over lapping ) ( oov ) no . you be confuse . it 's you that 's the bastard , it 's the baby that 's the bastard . at least get the word right .. ivan locke Katrina , I will give the baby my name and it will see my face and it will know and it will not spend it 's life think and think ... katrina ( oov ) I have close the door and I be in the dark and I be almost sure this be not you . ivan locke I should have say all this a long time ago . I have behave not like myself . katrina ( oov ) I have to put the phone down again . ivan locke Katrina , do not go . katrina ( oov ) I have to throw up again . the call be cut . Ivan drive . he glance in the rear view mirror . he take a while to decide to speak again to the ghost . when he speak it be with self doubt , as if he be confide ... locke - shoot script - Feb 21st 2013 31 . ivan locke ( to the ghost ) I could have say nothing . I could have say nothing . or I could have lie . I could have run . I be offer a thing in Toronto . a two year tower . he suddenly remember who he be speak to . ivan locke ( cont ’d ) why be I tell you of all fuck people . I can see that shit -eate grin on you great fat face , wipe it off ... Ivan stare at the road ahead . ivan locke ( to the ghost ) ( cont 'd ) I be not you . pop the fuck cork . I be not you . I will fix this . he drive . he get a call and see ' Home 's and answer fast ... ivan locke ( cont ’d ) kat , listen .... eddie ( oov ) dad , we be one nil down . Ivan must adjust . ivan locke be you mother there ? we hear he call ... eddie ( oov ) mum ! Eddie come back on the phone . eddie ( oov ) ( cont 'd ) stupid penalty . be you listen on the radio ? ivan locke no . we hear a muffle voice . eddie ( oov ) dad ? she 's on the lavatory I think . ivan locke Eddie ? locke - shoot script - Feb 21st 2013 eddie ( oov ) what ? ivan locke it 's ok . I / x11 talk to you when it all settles down . 31a . locke - shoot script - Feb 21st 2013 32 . he cut the call . he drive for forty second . we study he . the phone ring . ivan locke ( cont ’d ) Ivan locke . sister margaret ( oov ) hello , this be sister Margaret from St. Mary 's maternity unit . ivan locke be everything ok ? sister margaret ( oov ) I be with bethan Maguire ... be it you partner ? a hesitation with a practical outcome ... ivan locke I be the father . sister margaret ( oov ) she 's quite distress and we be wonder if someone be go to be with she for the birth . she say she do not have anyone else . ivan locke yes , I be , a hour away I think if the traffic 's ok . be she alright ? sister margaret ( oov ) there 's a complication . Ivan speak evenly . ivan locke what be the complication ? sister margaret ( oov ) a complication with the umbilical cord . it mean there will be a procedure and it would help if dad be around . you be dad ? ivan locke yes . I be drive . I be do ninety . sister margaret ( oov ) please do not do anything ... ivan locke I will be there . locke - shoot script - Feb 21st 2013 33 . sister margaret ( oov ) she 's with the consultant at the moment . I just want to make sure someone be come . ivan locke yes . I will be there . sister margaret ( oov ) good . use the emergency entrance . ask for Bailey ward . ivan locke Bailey . ok . sister margaret ( oov ) she 's very emotional . ivan locke she be not use to be emotional I think . I think she be normally a very quiet person . a puzzle pause ... sister margaret ( oov ) you be she partner ? ivan locke I be the father . I do not ... a pause ... ivan locke ( cont ’d ) .-+- I do not know she too well if you want the truth . but I be come . a pause . the sister be use to oddness , the strangeness of relationship and continue ... sister margaret ( oov ) she 's very afraid . ivan locke I understand . I be drive . the call be cut . Ivan drive on and thirty second pass . the rear view be never far from he thought . the phone ring and he see the name and manage to keep he voice under control ... ivan locke ( cont ’d ) yes donal . donal ( oov ) I check all twelve pump and they be pissing out . locke - shoot script - Feb 21st 2013 34 . ivan locke good . you be testing with c6 . donal ( oov ) only c6 . ivan locke and you call all the plant ? donal ( oov ) they give I dog 's abuse for check . ivan locke they have the truck line up and the mix be in ? donal ( oov ) I tick off each response after the fuck you 's and piss off and it come to six and a half thousand cubic metre . ivan locke what about retardant ? donal ( oov ) they have retardant on site ready to go into the truck . ivan locke good . now , do you have a pen ? donal ( oov ) pencil . ivan locke get a pen . we almost hear donal roll he eye . a pause . a drawer ... donal ( oov ) ok . I have a pen . ivan locke in the top right hand drawer above the blow heater you 'il find my folder . get it . it 's go to be you Bible tonight . we hear movement , drawer open . donal ( oov ) I do not see any folder . locke - shoot script - Feb 21st 2013 35 . ivan locke yes , it 's there , it 's there . it 's get everything you be go to need in there . all the number , the sign off , the road closure that you have to confirm with the police . the drawer above the blow heater . donal ( oov ) the blow heater be take by the hungarian . you would think they have be use to the cold would not you . ivan locke donal , you know which drawer I mean . we hear movement and check . Ivan drive ... donal ( oov ) Ivan , I have check every drawer in the cabin . no bible . Ivan drive . he think . then he have a awful realization . he open the glove compartment and see a file . ivan locke fuck . donal ( oov ) be you ok ? ivan locke fuck . donal ( oov ) what ? a pause . Ivan have drop the file on the passenger seat . ivan locke I have it here . a pause . ivan locke ( cont ’d ) all the thing you be go to need and I have it fuck here in my car . a long silence . donal ( oov ) you know Ivan in all the ten year I have work with you , I have never know you to fuck up . locke - shoot script - Feb 21st 2013 36 . a pause . ivan locke ok donal , give I some time to think . stay near to you phone . Ivan cut the call and drive . he glance at the folder on the passenger seat . ivan locke ( cont ’d ) fuck . the phone ring . we see ' Home 's . Ivan take the call immediately ... ivan locke ( cont ’d ) be you ok ? katrina ( oov ) ok ? ivan locke kat please , just hear what I want to say ... she suddenly scream at the top of she voice ... katrina ( oov ) of all the thing in the world , I never think of you do this !!... ivan locke Katrina , do not let the boy hear you ... katrina ( oov ) you fuck some ...!! ivan locke quietly . katrina ( oov ) you fuck she . and then I ! I look in my diary and check and I remember when you get home from croydon that weekend and you have a big stupid grin ... ivan locke the block be in . I be happy with it . katrina ( oov ) and I sit in the dark . ivan locke it be once . locke - shoot script - Feb 21st 2013 37 . katrina ( oov ) and the difference between never and once be the whole world . the difference between never and once be the difference between good and bad . Ivan check the rear view ... ivan locke I know that . katrina ( oov ) you do not know anything . ivan locke I know . katrina ( oov ) you have a big grin that night . ivan locke it be the work . the block be down ... katrina ( oov ) so you fuck someone . ivan locke I have two bottle of wine . from Portugal . katrina ( oov ) and she follow you . ivan locke she would always be on she own . she do not have anyone . it be a odd night . not really a bad think in anybody 's head . katrina ( oov ) a big fuck grin ! ivan locke that be not it . katrina ( oov ) like you have win something . I remember you come in and put you coat on the stair . I think you have win something . ivan locke I be try to be normal . I can not remember . and the block be down . locke - shoot script - Feb 21st 2013 38 . katrina ( oov ) and that stuff about the baby . you say she 's have a baby . ivan locke she 's have the baby tonight . horrible laughter ... she sob . a pause . katrina ( oov ) forget that . you be a clown . forget that . you be a stupid clown . you think it 's yours ? why would it be yours if she fuck everybody ... ivan locke she do not ... katrina ( oov ) if she fuck you , she fuck everybody . ivan locke she be not like that . she have give up on have anything . katrina ( oov ) I can not believe it 's I and you and we be talk about somebody else . like someone break into the house . a long silence . finally ... ivan locke ( softly ) I want to talk about a practical next step . katrina ( oov ) do you say ' she 's not like that 's ? you be with she one night and you know she ? ivan locke she do not do that . she have not for year . afterwards she be sad . katrina ( oov ) sad ? the call be cut by Katrina . Ivan take a breath . he know how terrible he be at this . the phone ring almost immediately . it be donal . with donal he be a different man . donal ( oov ) I think we get cut off . locke - shoot script - Feb 21st 2013 39 . ivan locke ok . I have the file here . donal ( oov ) ok. ivan locke I be go to have to give you information over the phone and you be go to have to write it down , ok ? a gulp ... donal ( oov ) ok . ivan locke donal , be you drink something ? what be you drink ? donal ( oov ) bottle of fizzy pop . Ivan react inside . ivan locke I need you to call the duty Officer at belmount Police Station and confirm the road closure for the morning . you still have the pen ? donal ( oov ) yeah . Ivan find solace in the formality of detail . he pronounce ... ivan locke ok , here be the road we agree with the council need to be close to traffic for the duration of the pour , from 5.25 be to midday . donal ( oov ) shoot . Ivan begin to recite from memory , stare ahead . he do not even need the file to remember ... ivan locke Crescent Road between arch Green and clearmount . planetree Road at the South end only ... locke - shoot script - Feb 21st 2013 40 . ext . motorway 8 we cut to a gantry shot of Ivan 's car drive under bridge . we hear Ivan 's voice deliver a monotone of overlap address with detail of road closure . it be like a soothing mantra . his car shoot through the night ... int . land rover 9 Ivan complete he list . ivan locke the vale up to parkland farm Road with stop - go operate by we . you 'il need to quote the license number ... Ivan consult a dimly light sheet from the file ... ivan locke ( cont ’d ) Seven five zero slash dv . ok ? a gulp . donal ( oov ) get it . a pause ... ivan locke donal , it be fizzy pop you be drink , yes ? donal ( oov ) it be . it be . ivan locke because if you be on the fuck cider and I find out , I will cut you leg off with a pavement see . a pause . donal decide to confront ... donal ( oov ) now Ivan , there 's no need for you to talk to I like that . a pause . donal ( oov ) ( cont 'd ) I have get six call stack up on this phone from gareth and I be guess what they be . ( more ) locke - shoot script - Feb 21st 2013 41 . donal ( oov ) ( cont 'd ) but I agree I be not take that call from gareth because I be fuck shitting my pants here about tomorrow go pear and I do not want he to give I some fuck college kid construction director on the phone try to talk I through this from scratch . so , as far as I be concerned , until the sun come up , yours be the only voice I will listen to . but hear this ... a pause , a gulp . donal ( oov ) ( cont 'd ) do not go off threaten I , ok ? you have no official position to threaten I from . Ivan 's expression do not change but he have assess donal 's word and realize ... ivan locke so . it be cider you be drink . donal ( oov ) one tin . so what ? Ivan react inside . he drive on . this be another hole in the road but he adjust quickly . ivan locke eat something . donal ( oov ) I be not hungry . now let I make my call to the copper and confirm this road closure . then I ’‘1l call you back for further instruction . over and out ... donal cut the call . Ivan hold it for a few second then roar with anger . he hurl the file back onto the seat beside he . he get hold of himself . he drive on . thirty second pass . the phone ring and he read the name . ivan locke bethan ... she sound wistful and strange between the grunt of pain , the effect of gas and air make she almost amused ... bethan ( oov ) they say there 's a twist . locke - shoot script - Feb 21st 2013 42. ivan locke a what ? bethan ( oov ) it 's round the baby 's neck like a noose . ivan locke you be in the best place . honestly , you be in the best place . bethan ( oov ) they let I use my phone for one minute ... she suddenly scream in agony . Ivan react . bethan ( oov ) ( cont 'd ) when will you get here ? ivan locke forty five minute . I be outside northampton . the traffic be ok . bethan ( oov ) it 's like wait for god. wait for godot ... she laugh ... bethan ( oov ) ( cont 'd ) sorry . you be not a theatre man ... ivan locke just do what they say ... bethan ( oov ) and not a reader of book and not a talker . a builder . it 's funny be not it ... she grunt in pain ... bethan ( oov ) ( cont 'd ) that it be someone like you . someone so opposite to I . all the thing I love mean absolutely zero to you . ivan locke the important thing be to get the baby out . bethan ( oov ) well the news be , they be resorting to knife . she laugh ... locke - shoot script - Feb 21st 2013 43 . ivan locke by the sound of you , they be give you gas . be they ?... bethan ( oov ) they think they might have to cut I open because I be too old to push ... ivan locke that 's ok . they do it as routine . it 's ok . it 's better in fact . bethan ( oov ) in fact ? be that so ? ivan locke the traffic be ok . bethan ( oov ) they be take blood . ivan locke just do what they say . bethan ( oov ) someone keep open the window . ivan locke tell they you be cold . bethan ( oov ) they do not listen . they talk around I . I need somebody here to speak for I . ivan locke I will be there ... bethan ( oov ) they say the umbilical cord be like a noose . a lifeline and a noose at the same time . that 's funny be not it . we hear other voice . the call be cut ... ivan locke bethan ... silence . Ivan drive on . a minute go by . then he can not help himself and speak softly to the rear view mirror ... ivan locke ( cont ’d ) you think this be all fate do not you dad ? you dirty fuck finger print all over I . ( more ) locke - shoot script - Feb 21st 2013 43a . ivan locke ( cont 'd ) it be bound to happen because of the little seed you plant . well , let I educate you . let I teach you something . ( more ) a pause . locke - shoot script - Feb 21st 2013 44 , ivan locke ( cont 'd ) even no matter what the situation be , you can make it good . like with plaster and brick . you never know that because you never fuck lift a finger you lazy cunt but you can take a situation and draw a circle around it and find a way to work something out . ivan locke ( cont ’d ) you do not drive away from it . sit in the corner of some greasy little fuck pub somewhere like you be the fuck happy maverick . he drive . a pause . a pause . a pause . ivan locke ( cont ’d ) I could come for you with a pick and shovel , I really could , and dig you up . and it would be a happy day in hell because they would be rid of you for a bit . ivan locke ( cont ’d ) you know what ? I could just drive . around the m25 and then to dover . or some fuck where . and not face it . I could earn good money cash - in-hand work on the cross rail . they make five hundred a day just shovel shit . yeah . but I be go to drive straight to the worst place for I . the worst place on earth for I to be . even though this woman be like ... ivan locke ( cont ’d ) the woman be like , sad and lonely . hardly bother with life at all . ivan locke ( cont ’d ) I feel sorry for she . so how can that be the difference between good and bad ? the phone ring . we see ' Home 's . Ivan steel himself . a scream . horror at first , then ... locke - shoot script - Feb 21st 2013 44a , eddie ( oov ) be you listen to this ?! two one to we . two goal in three minute . we hear another boy shouting in the background , celebrate a goal , the sound of football on the tv . eddie ( oov ) ( cont 'd ) dad ! put it on the radio . it 's brilliant ... ivan locke be you mother there ? eddie ( oov ) she 's upstairs in the lavatory . she 's be in there age . she 's wear the shirt but she will not come down and watch . shall I call she ? locke - shoot script - Feb 21st 2013 45 . ivan locke no. leave she . it 's ok . enjoy the game . eddie ( oov ) it 's two one dad ! we be win ! why be not you go mad ? a pause . ivan locke I be Eddie . I be go mad inside but I be drive . I ... Ivan try to continue but emotion take he voice and he cut the call . he must adjust , must adjust , must adjust . he pick up the file and flick through some page as he drive . in the file he find a number which he dial . ivan locke ( cont ’d ) hello , PC david ? yeah it 's Ivan locke from the Park project . I be wonder if anyone have call you about road closure ? PC david ( oov ) yeah , we have some irish guy . he say he be stand in . ivan locke I be just double check the closure be all confirm , yes ? PC david ( o00v ) no . there 's a problem with the vale stop and go . Council question the licence at the last minute . ivan locke shhhhit . PC david ( o0o0v ) I be go to call they in the morning . ivan locke too late ... PC david ( o0o0v ) what ? ivan locke we have to control that road to get the truck in and out of the South gate . locke - shoot script - Feb 21st 2013 46 . PC david ( oov ) you will have to take it up with the council . ivan locke it 's nine o'clock ... PC david ( o0o0v ) yeah . ivan locke the council office be close . PC david ( oo0v ) yeah . but I can not ratify until the council sign off on the stop and go ... Ivan must think fast . ivan locke ok , ok , you will get a call . how long be you on duty ? PC david ( oov ) another twenty five minute . ivan locke you will get a call . he cut the call . immediately donal call ... donal ( oov ) Ivan , we have a problem with the stop and go ... ivan locke I know , I just hear , I be deal with it . in the meantime I need you to go and check the shuttering and get it sign off . donal ( oov ) the shuttering boy have all go home . ivan locke even so you still have to check the re-bar . go and do it now . take a shovel and a pressure meter and a torch and get into the hole . donal ( oov ) Jesus ... ivan locke I mean it . 10 locke - shoot script - Feb 21st 2013 47 . donal ( oov ) if this be just to stop I drink , you can fuck off . ivan locke I be hope you conscience will stop you drink . the shuttering have to be check . go and do it . he cut the call . he think hard . he dial a mobile number mark ' Sean 's . we hear the voice of a sixteen year old boy ( sean ) . ivan locke ( cont ’d ) Sean , it 's dad . sean ( oov ) dad , I can not believe you be not here . it 's amazing . two one . ivan locke I know . Sean , I need you to do I a favor . there 's be a cock up and I need to speak to someone . in my blue coat in the kitchen there be a notebook . there be a phone number of somebody call cassidy who work for the council clerk of work . I need the number ... sean ( oov ) why do not you ask mum ? ivan locke please just get the number and text it to I . cassidy . under ' C '. it 's urgent . sean ( oov ) dad , be mum alright ? she have not come down . it 's half time . ivan locke Sean , in the morning I will talk to you about everything . just get I the number of cassidy . he cut the call . he drive on and check he watch . the motorway light flicker on he face ... ext . gantry 10 we see Ivan 's car drive under two bridge . 11 locke - shoot script - Feb 21st 2013 48 . int . land rover 11 the phone ring . Ivan see a number he do not recognize . we will learn it be a well speak male obstetrician ( doctor gullu ) . doctor gullu ( oov ) hello , could I speak to Ivan locke ? ivan locke this be Ivan locke . doctor gullu ( oov ) I be Doctor halil gullu , senior obstetrician at St. Mary 's Hospital . a bethan Maguire give I this number as the number of she next of kin . be you ... ivan locke what 's happen ? doctor gullu ( oov ) be you next of kin ? ivan locke I be the father . doctor gullu ( oov ) hang on .... off the phone the doctor take a question then return to the phone ... doctor gullu ( oov ) ( cont 'd ) we have a situation where the baby 's umbilical cord be wrap around the baby 's neck ... ivan locke yes , I know ... doctor gullu ( oov ) ..- and the baby be very distress ... ivan locke and you be go to carry out a cesarian . doctor gullu ( oov ) yes , but ms Maguire say she want to wait until you be here . ivan locke she 's distress . she 's quite a odd person I think ... locke - shoot script - Feb 21st 2013 49 . the doctor take the strange comment on board , but he 's see and hear many thing in he job . he drive . doctor gullu ( oov ) well , we really can not wait . where be you ? ivan locke I ‘’1l be half a hour . doctor gullu ( oov ) oh . ivan locke but if I hit traffic ... doctor gullu ( oov ) exactly . so if we be to get she to co-operate , we need you to speak to she . ivan locke of course . put she on . doctor gullu ( oov ) can you hold the line ? ivan locke yes . in call wait he see ' Home 's . he can not cut the call . he wait . finally a sob down the line ... bethan ( oov ) they want to do it now ... ivan locke let they do it . I have say , let they do it . it do not matter if I be not there for the moment of birth . I will still be there before morning . it will be the same day . bethan ( oov ) where be you ? ivan locke I be on the motorway . luton . let they do it . do not be silly ... bethan ( suddenly ) ( oov ) fuck you ! ivan locke bethan , you hormone will make you scream but it 's better to get it out . locke - shoot script - Feb 21st 2013 50 . bethan be in agony and beyond reason ... bethan ( oov ) you know I tell they it be one night . I tell they about the room and feel so sad after . but the nurse say if he 's come all the way down , he must feel something . ivan locke yes . bethan ( oov ) if it be just once and I get pregnant it 's fate . ivan locke you be distress .... bethan ( oov ) I tell they I love you . even if it be just once . ivan locke ( softly ) there 's no need to say that ... bethan ( oov ) it will be ours . ivan locke yes ... bethan ( oov ) how far away be you ? Ivan suddenly speak solidly , in he concrete voice ... ivan locke bethan , I be tell you to let they do what they have to do . a baby be something that can not be stop . you have to take all the practical step to prepare . a pause . bethan ( softly ) ( oov ) you want I to let they cut I open . ivan locke yes . it be the best thing . a long silence . bethan ( oov ) ok . I will do it because I love you . locke - shoot script - Feb 21st 2013 51 . ivan locke ok then . bethan ( oov ) can you not say it back even once ? ivan locke no I can not . but I can be there as fast as the traffic will allow . Ivan cut the call . he glare into the rear view ... he drive on . ten second later he take another call . he see the name ' Home '. before Ivan can speak ... katrina ( oov ) I just find Sean look through you pocket . he say you ask he for a phone number . Ivan have to adjust , adjust . ivan locke yes . katrina ( oov ) now ? at this moment ? you need a phone number . Ivan be crush into monotone . ivan locke I know how it look but I need to confirm a stop and go . tomorrow there be a pour . it be a big . it be historical ... a pause . ivan locke ( cont ’d ) it be the biggest pour ... the hum of the engine . katrina ( oov ) can you hear yourself , Ivan ? silence . katrina ( oov ) ( cont 'd ) I be fall apart at home and you be close road ? silence . Ivan be study himself inside . katrina ( oov ) ( cont ’d ) some woman be give birth and you be close road . locke - shoot script - Feb 21st 2013 52 . a pause . Ivan be desperately twisted around inside and can not think and resort to fact ... ivan locke it 's not a closure . it 's a stop and go . silence . katrina ( oov ) since you tell I about this woman , you have be get further and further away from who I know . or it might be that I do know . in the kitchen you footprint go hard and I have to chip they away . you leave concrete behind you everywhere . ivan locke Katrina , I love you . silence . then Katrina be cry ... ivan locke ( cont ’d ) I make one mistake . silence . ivan locke ( cont ’d ) I do not feel anything for this woman but I be try to do the right thing tonight because she be on she own and the baby be my fault and I know how it feel to be come out into the world like this . silence . ivan locke ( cont ’d ) there 's someone be bring into the world and it 's my fault so I have to fix it somehow . there be this two bottle of wine . a long silence . ivan locke ( cont ’d ) I would really like it if you would say that you will wait and I can come back up and we can talk about it and that we can fix something up . silence . locke - shoot script - Feb 21st 2013 53 . ivan locke ( cont ’d ) I really want to know that tomorrow I can drive home and talk to the boy and be at home as normal and we can go out or something and have a drink and talk about it . I want to know that I be not drive in one direction . I want to know that I will be drive back when the sun come up . a pause . katrina ( oov ) Ivan ? let I ask you a question . do you still want I to give you the phone number so you can close the road ? a pause . ivan locke yes . katrina ( softly ) ( oov ) Goodbye Ivan . the call be cut . Ivan react . he drive on for a long time . donal call and Ivan almost let it ring off . but at the last minute he must take the call . ivan locke yes . donal ( oov ) I just do something on my own initiative . ivan locke you do ? donal ( oov ) I find a mobile phone number for the council guy who sign off the closure . Ivan be slowly astonished ... ivan locke cassidy ? donal ( oov ) that 's he . ivan locke you find he number ? locke - shoot script - Feb 21st 2013 54 . donal ( oov ) I know you have need it . I have he mobile number . you take it over Christmas in case . I find it ina drawer . even through all he distress , Ivan be overwhelm , astound . ivan locke donal . you do that ? donal ( oov ) and that 's on two tin of cider . ivan locke ok , give I the number . donal ( oov ) 07700 900 957 .... Ivan choke on a unexpected emotion . the phone number hit he hard for no reason . do he really need this number . but he repeat ... ivan locke 07700 900 557 . donal ( oov ) no. 957 . be you write it down ? ivan locke 07700 900 957 . donal ( oov ) be you write it down ? ivan locke no , it 's in my head ... Ivan cut the call , then dial the number in he head quickly , mumble the digit , try not to crumble . the phone ring .... cassidy ( oov ) hello ? ivan locke Mr cassidy ? it 's Ivan locke from the Park project . cassidy ( oov ) who ? ivan locke I be run the site at claremount . we have some road closure agree ... locke - shoot script - Feb 21st 2013 55 . cassidy ( oov ) how do you get this number ? Ivan 's ability to do this be weaken . the word of he wife be crippling he , or drag he back , but he must push on ... ivan locke you give it to I in case anything come up over Christmas . I work over Christmas . I always work . every Christmas ... cassidy ( oov ) it 's not Christmas ... ivan locke yes , but I need a sign off ... cassidy ( oov ) I be in a indian restaurant ... ivan locke but I need a sign off . really , you know , seriously need it . cassidy ( oov ) I tell you I be in a indian restaurant . ivan locke if I give you the number of the duty officer at the belmount police station ... cassidy ( oov ) this will have to wait ... ivan locke ( interrupting ) please . please . without this ... cassidy ( interrupting back ) ( oov ) this will have to wait . ivan locke it can not wait . it can not wait . concrete be come tomorrow morning and nothing can stop it . I just need you to call the duty officer and ... cassidy ( oov ) I be in a bloody indian restaurant . 12 locke - shoot script - Feb 21st 2013 56 . ivan locke yes . I be sorry . but please . just call he and give he a sign off over the phone on a stop - go on the vale . five twenty five to midday . a silence . then Ivan sound as if he be almost mock himself ... ivan locke ( cont ’d ) pretty much everything depend on it . a pause . cassidy ( oov ) you be Ivan locke ? ivan locke yes . cassidy ( oov ) I remember you . Ivan wipe he eye with he sleeve ... cassidy ( cont 'd ) you run a tight ship . ivan locke yes . cassidy the only construction director who give we paperwork ahead of time . ivan locke yes . but tonight thing have happen beyond my control . a pause . cassidy ( oov ) ok , give I the bloody number . Ivan sigh a deep sigh of relief and begin to read a number out from memory ... ext . motorway bridge 12 we see Ivan 's car pass beneath as he give PC david name and number to cassidy . Ivan 's voice be a soft monotone as he impart information . locke - shoot script - Feb 21st 2013 57 . 13 int . land rover 13 we study Ivan as he finish the call . ivan locke he will leave he desk in five minute . please call he and tell he that you approve the stop go . then everything will be set . cassidy ( oov ) I will . hey . it 's late Ivan . you work too hard . Ivan cut the call . we be see the outskirt of London now . Ivan glance in the rear view as if he feel thing might just come together . of course everything be break but he have he stop go and the baby be be deal with . he compose himself a little ... then he speak to he demon ... ivan locke you know I could easily have let the concrete go to hell . I do not . I take care of it . a pause . sudden anger ... ivan locke ( cont ’d ) you know dad , when you come creep back say you be sorry , it be even worse than stay away . yeah . I be serious . I could have break you fuck back but I do not and the fact that I could have do it be worse than anything . a pause . ivan locke ( cont ’d ) because you be so fuck weak . that be the first thing I notice . so weak . all the thing I fuck despise inside one fuck stupid green shirt . Ivan begin to laugh to himself . he shake he head . ivan locke ( cont ’d ) you look pathetic . my fuck dad in what be they ? trainer ? some sort of fuck trainer that teenager wear . and you hair all over the place . and you do not drink and you do not smoke dope anymore . ( more ) locke - shoot script - Feb 21st 2013 57a . ivan locke ( cont 'd ) so everybody be suppose to celebrate . be that it ? I celebrate , right ? celebrate what ? ( more ) locke - shoot script - Feb 21st 2013 58 . ivan locke ( cont 'd ) I be twenty three year old and this old cunt come from the fuck blue sky and say , ' guess what 's . donal call ... ivan locke ( cont ’d ) what ? donal ( oov ) Ivan , it 's all go to hell . donal be not drunk but he 's be drink . ivan locke what ? donal ( oov ) the re-bar in the shuttering in pit six . they would not hold a kitten fart . the fuck maverick from up north we put in at the last minute . ivan locke what tension do they hold ? donal ( oov ) nothing at all . come away with a push . ivan locke be there anybody there ? donal ( oov ) the shutterer all go home age ago and they be not in until six . ivan locke call the albanian . donal ( oov ) he 's not answer . nobody be answer . there 's some fuck football game on . ivan locke could you call in you son ? donal ( oov ) they're in Germany digging out missile silo . Ivan take all this on board . this be trouble but it 's trouble he know . locke - shoot script - Feb 21st 2013 59 . ivan locke ok , donal here 's what you do . you drive down to the ring road near the fire station and you will see a road gang lay line . you ask for a guy call stefan . he 's Polish . tell he there 's five hundred pound for he and two of he best digger if they can get down and fix up some re-bar . donal ( oov ) a road gang ? ivan locke I know they . they be slumming it for the cash . but stefan 's the best concrete farmer I know . mention my name . he owe I . a long pause . donal hesitates ... donal ( oov ) so do I have to drive down there ? can I not just ring he ? Ivan react , read between the line ... ivan locke how many cider have you have donal ? silence . ivan locke ( cont ’d ) donal , I do not have stefan 's number . you will need to drive down there . they 'il be knock off and go home in half a hour . donal ( oov ) Ivan , I will be straight with you . I be not drunk but I have have too much to get behind a wheel . if I get stop again I go inside . Ivan drive , think , check he watch . ivan locke ok , you run . donal ( oov ) run ? ivan locke stefan and he man will knock off in half a hour due to council regulation because they can not burn bitumen light after ten . ( more ) a pause . locke - shoot script - Feb 21st 2013 60 . ivan locke ( cont 'd ) if you run you will get there before they get in they van . donal ( oov ) what do you mean run ? I do not fuck run . ivan locke you will run donal . donal ( oov ) I have not run since I be eight . ivan locke you will run . now . go . or my building will not get build . then donal laugh . donal ( oov ) run ? be you mad ? after a moment Ivan laugh too ... ivan locke yes . tonight I have go mad and I will have to get use to be mad . and , donal , I can hear in you voice you be drunk . when you be drunk you can run faster for a while . you can run like a kid . like the fuck wind . donal laugh some more ... donal ( oov ) I will get out of my boot and put on my trainer shall I ... ivan locke yes . then you run . donal ( oov ) what ? I run for bastard in Chicago who do not care if I live or die . ivan locke no , you do it for the piece of sky we be steal with we building . you do it for the air that will be displace . most of all you do it for the concrete , because it be delicate as blood . donal ( oov ) you really have go fuck mad . 14 15 16 locke - shoot script - Feb 21st 2013 61 . ivan locke that would be a fair assessment . donal whoops . donal ( oov ) here I go ! ivan locke good man donal . you be a good man . now run . Ivan cut the call . he laugh madly for a few moment and bang the steering wheel three time . the tear of laughter almost turn to tear of despair but he fight they . he drive on and on . ext . motorway 14 we see a sign for the m25 exit . Ivan drive by . he be almost in London . int . land rover 15 Ivan drive . he be red eye , grim , hunch at the wheel . he glance at the rear view and speak to he father ... ivan locke it will work out . I will make sure of it . you see . you take thing in you own hand and you push against it until it be upright . Ivan almost arrogantly hit a number ... ivan locke ( cont ’d ) and you stick to the plan . he dial a number ... ext . motorway gantry 16 we see Ivan drive under the bridge and hear a phone call in voiceover .... bethan answer message ( oov ) this be bethan , I can not get to the phone right now , please leave a message after the tone . ivan locke ( oov ) bethan , it 's I . I know they be operate on you right now but I just want to say good luck . locke - shoot script - Feb 21st 2013 61a . a pause . 17 locke - shoot script - Feb 21st 2013 62. ivan locke ( oov ) ( cont ’d ) good luck bethan . this baby be a good thing and you deserve to be happy . int . land rover 17 Ivan cut the call and glare into the rear view mirror . ivan locke you see , dad . life . a pause . ivan locke ( cont ’d ) yeah . life sentence . so what ? I will do what need to be do even if they hate I or love I . you have to be solid so that it make no difference what they think . a pause . ivan locke ( cont ’d ) if I be to bury you again tonight before I throw the dirt on you face I have say look and fuck learn . I drive in this direction . a pause . ivan locke ( cont ’d ) and there will be a new person when I get there . yes . because of that night . ivan locke ( cont ’d ) construct out of two bottle of wine and somebody feel lonely . how could you ever beat that for a construction ? Ivan drive . he almost bounce with defiance now . he check he watch . he get a call and take it ... ivan locke ( cont ’d ) Sean ? sean ( subdue ) ( oov ) hey dad . we win . from the small change in the voice , Ivan know that Sean have hear something about what be happen . however ... ivan locke what be the score ? a pause . locke - shoot script - Feb 21st 2013 sean ( oov ) Three one . ivan locke good . 62a . a pause . a pause . a pause . locke - shoot script - Feb 21st 2013 63. sean ( oov ) caldwell , Robinson and caldwell again . ivan locke good . be everything ok ? sean ( oov ) yeah . sean ( cont 'd ) I do not know . mum look like she 's see a ghost . she break some plate . ivan locke yeah . something 's happen . I / x11 explain when I be not drive . sean ( oov ) she 's upstairs . ivan locke yeah , I 'il explain when I be not drive and when I be with you and Eddie together . I have only just explain it to myself . a long silence . he drive . sean ( oov ) she say you be not come home ever . ivan locke she 's distress . sean ( oov ) be you come home ? ivan locke where else would I go ? sean ( oov ) so I will tell Eddie that you be come home . he 's be cry . locke - shoot script - Feb 21st 2013 64 . ivan locke look , when I get to the other end , I will call . Sean , you tell Eddie that it 's ok . I x11 make it ok . sean ( oov ) it do not feel like it 's ok . it feel different after half time . ivan locke I all fix it . it will all go back to normal . you should go to bed . sean ( oov ) yeah . a pause . sean ( oov ) ( cont ’d ) the third goal be amazing . ivan locke caldwell ? sean ( oov ) he take it round the keeper . ivan locke good God . caldwell 's a donkey . sean ( oov ) he be normally a donkey but tonight he be brilliant . ivan locke a miracle . good night . sean ( oov ) good night dad . see you tomorrow . ivan locke yes . hopefully see you tomorrow . Ivan cut the call . he drive . he check he watch again and call donal . the call be answer and we hear rasp , gasp breath ... donal ( oov ) you know I nearly get fuck run down by a taxi run across a road . he can hardly speak as he fight for breath . ivan locke do you find stefan ? Ivan cut at the rea more gentl . he drive . he drive . a pause . he drive . locke - shoot script - Feb 21st 2013 65 . donal ( oov ) I see the flame . they be burn the road . I can smell the bitumen . it 's get in my throat . ivan locke his name be stefan . five hundred each . donal ( breathless ) ( oov ) man Ivan , I be fuck . ivan locke and sober . tell stefan to bring two man and a jack . five hundred a piece . donal ( oov ) I nil call when I have the pole in my grasp . fuck . my heart be come out of my chest . the call . he half smile as he drive . he glance xr view and speak to he father 's ghost a little y now ... ivan locke stefan be a good man and will fix the pit and check the other . all twelve pump will work . the stop - go will run . the north , south , east and west gate will all take they quarter of concrete . the baby will be bear . ivan locke ( cont ’d ) and Katrina will be ok . in the morning she will be ok . ivan locke ( cont ’d ) that be how it can be . he glance at the file on the passenger seat . ivan locke ( cont ’d ) that be my prayer . ivan locke ( cont ’d ) and this baby when he 's seven , or when she 's seven , it will say it 's ok . and the name will be locke . a pause . locke - shoot script - Feb 21st 2013 66 . ivan locke ( cont ’d ) locke be ok . we do ok . because I straighten the name out . the lock be a long line of shit but I straighten the name out . he seem unsure as he dare glance in the rear view mirror once more . a pause . he drive . ivan locke ( cont ’d ) but you know what , you old bastard ? I know now why you run away . ivan locke ( cont ’d ) and if you want you can run away again . fuck off . ivan locke ( cont ’d ) or you can stay . what difference would it make to I ? the rear view fill with headlight as if in response . we stay with Ivan for a long time . his phone ring and Ivan take the call with confidence . ivan locke ( cont ’d ) yeah . donal ( oov ) ok , I be in a van with three pole who smell like burn rooftop . they say six hundred each and I guess you have say yes . ivan locke yes . donal ( oov ) this guy stefan do not say much , do he ? ivan locke he 's a good man . donal ( oov ) you want a word with he ? ivan no. stefan know what to do . you will be ok now donal . fix up the re-bar and start prepare the gate . it will be a long night . a laugh ... locke - shoot script - Feb 21st 2013 donal ( oov ) I be stone cold sober now . ivan locke I know . it all work out . donal ( oov ) stefan just say to say hello to Ivan locke . 66a . locke - shoot script - Feb 21st 2013 67 . donal ( oov ) ( cont 'd ) he say you be the best man in England . Ivan smile and cut the call . he dare to look relieved . he check he watch . the motorway into London be brightly light . the phone ring . he see ' Home 's and hesitates before take the call . katrina I have decide . ivan locke kat , you know what ? we can work this out , I know we can . katrina ( oov ) I have speak to my sister and my half sister . Ivan be expressionless but this be bad news ... katrina ( oov ) ( cont 'd ) the difference between ' once 's and ' never 's be everything . that 's it . and it be never ' once 's anyway . ivan locke Katrina ... katrina ( oov ) I do not want you to come back Ivan . this be not you home anymore . I want you to stay away . ivan locke Katrina ... katrina ( oov ) we will make arrangement for see the boy . my sister say every Wednesday be normal . Ivan can not speak ... katrina ( oov ) ( cont ’d ) but I do not want you come here . you be always more in love with you building anyway . why do not you go and live in one of they ? right at the top where you like to look out and feel so pleased with yourself . I be go to wash everything here . wash it all ten time to get the dust of you out of it . ( more ) 18 19 locke - shoot script - Feb 21st 2013 68. katrina ( oov ) ( cont 'd ) I will not have to deal with you foot print turn to stone on the kitchen floor anymore . it 's finish . this be not you home . she cut the call . Ivan drive on . he look into he rear view mirror . the brief moment when he believe thing might work out have go . he must adjust again . he begin to slow down ... ext . motorway gantry 18 in cctv we see Ivan 's car crawl in the slow lane as the rest of the traffic overtake and shoot by . his car look like a wounded animal ... int . land rover 19 Ivan stare ahead as he drive . then he glance in he rear view . for the first time we see tear in he eye . he wipe they away with he sleeve . his phone ring . he drive . the phone ring on and finally Ivan take the call ... ivan locke ( softly ) Ivan locke . gareth sound distraught and speak fast ... gareth ( oov ) Ivan , I have put a construction director onto this and he 's try to reach donal a hundred time but donal be not pick up . Ivan do not speak . gareth ( oov ) ( cont 'd ) be you there Ivan ? ivan locke yes . gareth ( oov ) can you reach donal and tell he he must pick up he phone immediately . silence . gareth ( oov ) ( cont 'd ) Ivan ? ivan locke tell you construction director there be no need to speak to donal . ( more ) locke - shoot script - Feb 21st 2013 69 . ivan locke ( cont 'd ) everything be already take care of ... gareth ( oov ) Ivan , for fuck 's sake ... ivan locke ( over he ) everything be take care of and everything be ready for 5.25 . there will be no mistake . I have make sure everything be in place . you can go to sleep gareth . a pause . gareth ( oov ) I actually throw up earlier . ivan locke yeah ? gareth ( oov ) Fucking yeah . ivan locke ( over he ) well , hear this gareth . when I leave the site just over 2 hour ago I have a job , a wife , a home . a pause . ivan locke ( cont ’d ) now I have none of that thing . a pause ... ivan locke ( cont ’d ) it be ten fifteen and I have none of that thing leave . I just have myself and the car I 'min . I be just drive . that 's it . silence . then ... gareth ( oov ) Ivan , you fuck up you life , that 's you business , but Chicago be go insane . ivan locke two word I learn tonight . ' fuck Chicago 's . Ivan cut the call . he drive and we stay with he for a long time . a minute go by . then a call come in and Ivan read ' unknown 's . as the call ring , Ivan decide he cannot take it . his voicemail message click in . locke - shoot script - Feb 21st 2013 70 . ivan locker voicemail ( oov ) this be Ivan locke . please leave a message . Ivan hear the voice of Eddie and Eddie leave a message . eddie ( oov ) dad , I be on my mobile . I be under the duvet . I want to tell you about the goal . Eddie be fight a terrible upset by try to behave the way he behave before this happen . eddie ( oov ) ( cont 'd ) caldwell get it and he control it . you know how you always shout at he because it always fly off he and out into the crowd ? well , he control it . a pause . eddie ( oov ) ( cont 'd ) and he get it down on the ground . you know how you say he just lump it forward all the time , well he get it down on the ground . this be caldwell , dad . and he just start run ... Eddie begin to laugh and cry at the same time ... eddie ( oov ) ( cont 'd ) and he be run and run and run and this defender be bounce off he . Eddie laugh ... eddie ( oov ) ( cont 'd ) and he go round one , then another , and I and Sean be stand up and shouting at he to pass the ball . you know how you say you have to square it . he would not square it . he would not pass . he just keep run . he look like a horse or something . Eddie laugh again . eddie ( oov ) ( cont 'd ) so then the goalie be come forward and we think he 's go to boot it over the bar . remember against whoever it be when he just boot it over the bar . ( more ) locke - shoot script - Feb 21st 2013 71 . eddie ( oov ) ( cont 'd ) we think it be go to be that again . but he do not . this be caldwell dad . the one you say be always a donkey . a pause . eddie ( oov ) ( cont 'd ) he go round the goalie and put it in . a long pause . eddie ( oov ) ( cont 'd ) mum be cry so she do not even see it . a pause . eddie ( oov ) ( cont 'd ) but we record it for you so you have to come home to watch it . you ’1ll have to come home and I have have a idea . we will pretend we do not know the score and pretend it 's happen then . pretend it 's live . and I and Sean will go mad the same . you can have the beer and mum can make the sausage . a pause . Eddie conclude quickly . eddie ( oov ) ( cont 'd ) so that 's what we ’1ll do . good night dad . the call be cut . Ivan drive on . he drive for a long time and wipe he eye with he sleeve . then he phone ring . we see ' unknown 's . Ivan hesitates then take the call . bethan ( hissing ) ( oov ) Ivan ? ivan locke be it ok ? bethan ( oov ) it 's a boy . Ivan react . bethan ( oov ) ( cont ’d ) listen ... 20 locke - shoot script - Feb 21st 2013 72. we hear the sound of a baby cry down the phone . the thin sound fill the car and Ivan let the car slow down on its own . horn hoot and Ivan drift onto the hard shoulder . the car come to a halt . the sound of the baby cry continue . Ivan knock the car out of gear and switch off the engine . a silence around the sound of the baby cry . Ivan listen and glance in the rear view mirror . then he put he head on the steering wheel and the sound of the baby cry continue . he sit with he head on the steering wheel for a long time . then ... bethan ( oov ) ( cont ’d ) Ivan , will you come ? ivan locke yes . he cut the call . he be alone in silence for a few moment . be the birth of a new life worth the destruction of he own ? be there redemption in this moment ? Ivan do not have a answer . after a moment he fire the engine . ext . motorway gantry 20 from a surveillance camera we see Ivan 's car indicate then pull out into the traffic . after Ivan 's car have go , we watch the other car on they own journey , all of they with they own storey inside they bubbles of light . the end