lock , stock &amp ; two smoke barrel by guy ritchie int . interrogation room - present this whole scene be shot use only extreme close - up of eye , card , tapping finger and mouth . we open on a bright pair of eye . one be bruise and slightly swollen , but this do not detract from they clarity . eddy Three card brag be a simple form of poker ; you be deal only three card and this you can not change . if you do not look at you card you be a `blind man ' and you only put in half the stake . Three of any kind be the high you can get : the odd be four hundred and twenty - five to one . then it 's a run flush - you know , all the same suit run in order ; then a straight , then a flush , then a pair , and finally whatever the high card you be hold . there be some tell - tale sign that be valuable ; I be not go to tell you they because it take I long enough to learn they , but this can only help a player , not make one . so you want to play ? dissolve to black . the first of the credit appear on the screen . fade in : what have you get ? we cut to a beady pair of eye and then to he card as they be turn over : three heart of no consecutive number be expose . that 's a good hand . a flush beat my pair . what about you ? * cut from complete film . another pair of excited eye widen to the question . we see more card : a run be reveal . and here 's I try to explain the game to you . hustler , you be all hustler ! we cut to a shot of a small amount of money be scoop up . ok ! you get some real money ? dissolve to black : more credit appear on the screen . fade in : Ed scoops up a large pile of money . odd chap , you gotta remember the odd . there ? a loud slam of a door . we cut to a wide shot of a policeman who have just enter . it be then reveal that two of the three player be also policeman . they stand to attention , red face with embarrassment . serg I hope I be not interrupt . comfortable , Edward ? eddy I have not sleep for forty - eight hour , get a dozen break rib , can feel a case of the flu come on and . . . serg ( interrupt ) all right , all right , do not think I would not like to get rid of you ; but before I do , I need to know what 's go on , son . eddy if you think you be in the dark , I be in a black hole , blindfolded . dissolve to black . the music start . we pull back out of the black to reveal that we have be sit in the inside of a shotgun . the barrel recede further , then `boom . ' lock stock be shot out of the top of the screen in pepper letter . we wait for a while , as the barrel reappear through . the smoke . we then see one smoking barrel ; ' boom ! ' the other be let off : and two smoking barrel join the sentence . ] ext . STREET ( flashback ] - day we open on a smart , casually dress man sell perfume and jewellery on a street corner . a crowd have gather , attract by the alarming volume at which he be advertising he ware . bacon see this goods , they never see daylight , moonlight , israelite , fanny - by -the-gas-light . if you can not see value here today you be not up here shopping , you be up here shoplift . take a bag , take a bag . I take a bag , I take a bag home last night and she cost a lot more than ten pound I can tell ya . tell I if I be go too cheap . not ninety , not eighty , not forty , half that and half that again , that 's right , ten pound . do not think ' cos it 's seal up it 's a empty box . the only man who sell empty box be the undertaker , and by the look of some of you here today I would make more money with I measure tape . a well - dress , zealous character ( eddy ) appear from behind the crowd wave money . it seem he can not wait to get rid of it . eddy bargain , that 's a bloody bargain if I ever hear one . ten pound you say ? I will have five . certainly sir . I will just wrap . change he attention . bacon Excuse I miss , sorry sir , lady first and all that . a tourist spectator , rather than a buyer , have be . put on the spot . she fumble through she bag hastily all too aware of the attention of the crowd , of which she be now the focus . she pass she money like it 's contaminate . other follow suit . buy them , you better buy them ; they be not steal , they just never be pay for . this really stoke the fire . the money can not come fast enough . just as business reach its peak there be a call of alarm from the first enthusiastic punter , who seem to be rather more familiar than he first pretend . eddy Bacon ! Bacon 's expression change dramatically . a series of crash zoom between Ed 's , Bacon 's and a third party 's eye ( the police ) reveal there be a problem . they be off : eddy and bacon run like they have do this before . they go down a ally ; Ed jump some stair , we freeze . bacon ( voice -over ) Ed can run fast , talk fast , eat fast , and play card fast , but he 's fuck slow when it come to spot the roz . eddy ( voice -over ) the reason he be call bacon be he spend so much of he youth in the police station that people think he be one of they . but he be a big boy now and it be time to move on . we cut to a shot of Ed as he land . he have make good distance . int . grocer's shop - morning eddy arrive at a grocer 's shop . we meet Tom . Tom be talk to Nick the Greek . tom what be you talk about ? I be bloody skinny , pal . nick of course you be . all right , Ed . eddy Nick the Greek , always a pleasure . all right Tom , what you be eat ? Tom examine he midriff and adopt a confuse expression . tom please , both join I in my orifice . int . grocer's shop store room - day they work they way past a maze of box . nick ( finger and admire one of the box ) how much do you say it be , Tom ? tom you know how much it be , Nick . nick and that do include the amp ? tom you know it do not include the amp . int . restaurant kitchen - afternoon Tom and Ed make they way through a busy , well - equip kitchen . this be obviously a smart and serious establishment . they stop in front of the man whose uniform be cover in blood ; he appear to be the head chef . meet soap . tom what have you come as ? soap cupid stupid ! that 's the last time I be get any more fruit off you Tom . call that fresh ? there be more small hairy armoure thing in you fruit than there be fruit . you should open a butcher 's , not a grocer 's . tom if you will order stuff that come from kat -man-fuck - du do not be surprised if you fruit pick up a few tourist en route . ~ never mind that , what about the money ? soap get you finger out of my soup ! slow motion soap pull out a bag from under where he be sit . tom ( voice - over ) soap be call soap because he like to keep he hand clean of any unlawful behaviour . he be proud of he job , and even more proud that it 's legal . bacon ( voice - over ) he 's a stroppy sod but he 's get more ball than a golfer , only he do not know it . ' * cut from complete film . 16 release slow motion ] Ed look in bag . eddy be you sure you can afford twenty - five ? soap well that depend on how you look at it . I can afford it as long as I see it again , if that 's what you mean . you get the rest from the fat man and Bacon ? Tom look on with suspicion . tom who 's this fat man , then ? eddy Bacon , the fat man and myself , and it 's time to make a call to Harry . int . hatchet harry office - day a hard - look man of about fifty be sit behind a large antique desk . on this desk be a hatchet rest in a block of wood , poise like a judge 's hammer . Harry be obviously in the sex game . clutter up in a hazardous way be a selection of dildo , spanking paddle , etc . a cabinet of fine - look shotgun be place behind . we have a split screen involve eddy and he friend ( listen in ) and hatchet with one hand on the phone and the other on a shotgun . hatchet you get it all ? int . kitchen - day . eddy a hundred grand . freeze shot of hatchet tom ( voice -over ) you see it 's not easy to take a seat at this table ; the money involved have to be a hundred grand upwards and there be no shortage of punter . eddy ( voice -over ) the man who decide if you can play be this man Harry , or hatchet Harry as some include himself like to call he . release freeze shot of hatchet hatchet well if you get it , you get it . now , if you do not mind . . . the phone be slam down . shot of hatchet soap ( voice -over ) when the old bastard be not play card he 's chase a thousand debt that ill-fate individual owe for a array of reason . bacon ( voice - over ) sex and sleaze and antique shotgun be all deep and dear in Harry 's stone cold heart . cut from complete film . release freeze shot of hatchet hatchet what 's this eddy like , then ? the camera spin round to reveal a massive monster of a man sit opposite hatchet . meet Barry the Baptist . freeze shot of barry eddy ( voice -over ) hatchet have a colleague , a monster of a man : Barry the Baptist . bacon ( voice - over ) the Baptist get he name from drown people for hatchet . tom ( voice -over ) but he need he , because he be good at make sure debt get settle and job get do . release freeze shot of barry barry eddy be shaking the knee of a lot of good player . the boy have a rare ability , he seem to make card transparent , get bluff dow . . . hatchet ( interrupt ) all right , all right , so we can say he be good . barry better than good , he be a fuck liability . hatchet where do he get a hundred grand ? 20 barry he have get some adhesive mate , they have toss up between they . hatchet and jd be he dad , and own the whole property ? barry no mortgage , no debt ; lock , stock , the sodd lot . . . do not worry , I get it under control . hatchet good , you can get this under control now . a glossy Christie 's brochure display a pair of impressive antique hammer - lock shotgun be shove in Barry 's face . it seem Lord appleton smythe have run out of money , and this little beauty be up for auction , but I be not pay quarter of a million quid for them , if you know what I mean Barry . one of my associate have give I a address and the location of this lovely . make sure we get everything from inside the gun cabinet . I do not want to know who you use , as long as they be not complete muppet ; and do not tell they what they be worth . change the subject . ' ere ! hold on , what do you think of this ? we be sell hundred . hold up one of the spanking paddle . barry er , very nice Harry . what 's it for ? hatchet do not play innocent with I bazza ; spanking ! the paddle be bring down hard on the desk : slap . int . torture room - day meet the dog. Dog be horrible . he be large and intimidating . administer pain be Dog 's forte . he be also the guy we cut from the last scene `slap ' to the tee of a golf ball . wallop . Dog pull a sadistic and alarmingly pleasurable face . dog it 's a dog eat dog world , lad , and I get bigger tooth than you . we see a individual hang upside down tie up with gaffer tape but otherwise naked . a orange be stick in the man 's mouth . Dog be stand on another man 's chest who have a tee stick between he tooth from where Dog fire golf ball at the other unfortunate figure . the tie - up man be Gordon . the other be slick . Gordon nod he head erratically imply that he have reach a decision . ( to plank ) I think you man be try to say something . pause . perhaps not ; maybe I should have another swing just to make sure . agonise muffle scream from Gordon . slick ( who have a tee in he mouth ) shut he eye in horror as the golf ball thump into Gordon . yes , Gordon , be there something you would like to tell we ? the orange be remove from Gordon 's mouth . gordon ( rush to get the word out ) in the kitchen , under the floor . . . slick ( interrupt ) shut it , you idiot . . . Dog swing the golf club round slick 's jaw , knock he unconscious . dog you be say ? gordon it 's in the karzi , pull the fishing wire under the seat . Jesus , for god 's sake let I down . plank oh , Dog ! . . . I think you want to have a look at this ! plank return hold a assortment of drug and cash . Gordon start to scream . Dog pick up a steel for sharpen knife and throw it across the room . thunk . silence follow . plank grimace . oh , Dog ! ext . ed and bacon be house - evening Ed , Bacon , soap and Tom park outside they house . as they get out they pass plank and John who have also just park . they ignore each other , and go to they separate door . int . ed and bacon be house - night bacon place a pile of money on a table . the rest be eat , Tom keep look at he plate distastefully . bacon twenty - five from I , Tom , soap and yourself ; a hundred grand to the pound . you do not need to count it . eddy I still will , if you do not mind . tom ( eat ) so , a reasonable return should be in the region of one hundred and twenty , for twenty - five grand invest . that 's go on previous experience . soap that 's go on optimism . tom whatever it 's go on , it 's still enough to send you on a cooking course . soap you be not funny Tom ; you be fat and look as though you should be funny , but you be not . Tom be definitely not overweight , quite the opposite in fact . he examine himself to see if something have develop . tom fat ? who be you call fat ? what be all this fat joke about ? the light switch above Tom 's head let out a few spark cause he to cower in a sharp defensive action . Jesus ! it 's good in here , be not it ! train overhead , wall explode . . . why the hell do you move in ? eddy because it 's cheap like a budgie . bacon and nobody want to live next door to the people that we live next to ; a bit anti-social , you know . bacon beckon Tom to a cupboard build into the wall . tom what do you mean ? eddy he mean they be thieve dog . bacon I mean when they be not pick peanut out of poop , they be rip off unfortunate soul of they hard - earn drug . bacon open the cupboard door and put he finger to he lip . the noise from next door immediately get louder . not exactly thick , this wall . dog ( off ) no you prat , that 's for I . int . dog be house - night Dog have a small pile of money and pill that he be distribute to he lad . dog how many time do I have to explain this to you , plank ? you find a job worth do and you will find you share improve . . . now do you have a problem with that ? he obviously do not . int . ed aivd bacon be house - night Tom raise he eyebrow and frown to Bacon . ext . big boy' gym / solarium - night meet Big Chris and Little Chris ( twelve year old ) . big CHRIS how long have he be in there , son ? little CHRIS about twenty minute . big CHRIS be he on he own ? little CHRIS just carry a bag . big CHRIS let 's have a look , shall we ? int . gym / solarium - night big CHRIS Son , have a look under that one . Little Chris look under one of the sunbed . little CHRIS it 's not he , dad . big CHRIS try that one . Little Chris return from a peek and nod in confirmation . little CHRIS sleep like a baby . Big Chris then approach and raise the sunbe . big CHRIS this be one of that high - power number , be not it ? John o'driscoll 's eye widen ; Chris slam down the sunbe on top of he as hard as he can . get some bad news for you , John . JOHN o'driscoll what the fu - ! Big Chris slam down the sunbe on top of John . big CHRIS mind you language in front of my boy . JOHN o'driscoll Jesus Christ ! Big Chris repeat the earlier treatment twice more . big CHRIS that include blasphemy as well . now tell I , John . . . john'o'driscoll tell you what , Chris ? a man open the sunbe mom door . sunbed man I say , hold on . little CHRIS I say shut it ! sunbed man you what ? big CHRIS he say shut it ! Chris pull a mean face ; the door be close . ] tell I John , how you can concentrate on improve a lovely tan , and it be a lovely tan by the way , when you have more press priority at hand ? JOHN o'driscoll tell Harry . . . bang as sunbe come down again . big CHRIS do I say speak ? and it 's Mr Harry to you . . . now do not disappoint I and choose you word carefully . you may speak . JOHN o'driscoll I will have it for Mr Harry in a few day . I have be busy , and I be nearly there . big CHRIS Son , have a look in he locker . JOHN o'driscoll no chance of you lift this sunbe up be there ? * cut from complete film . 30 big CHRIS yeah , all right . Big Chris lift it , then smashes it down again . now , you want I to lift it up again ? Little Chris pipe up . obviously familiar with count money he have fly through it . little CHRIS he 's not poor . five hundred and sixty pound and that 's just in he wallet . . . fuckin ' ' ell John , you always walk around with that in you pocket ? the expression on Big Chris 's face change . big CHRIS oi ! next time you use language like that , boy , you will wish you have not ! little chrt sorry , dad . big CHRIS right , well , put the rest of the stuff in that , son . you can go home in a plastic bag tonight , John . you owe what you owe arid before this tan have fade , you want to have pay . Chris punch John unconscious and turn the time dial up . int . jd' bar - night jd 's bar be a impressive sort of uptown - downtown establishment with pretty girl serve a laddish clientele . the boy be propped up at the bar , look straight ahead in silence . they look nervous . the silence be break by Ed . 32 eddy I be go to the john . he walk off . tom what you tell we for ? the only thing I care about be whether you get you rest in . soap Tom , you be all heart . tom listen cooky , you want to make sure that man rest before he play ; it 's in all we interest . jd ( the bar owner and Ed 's father ) all right lad ? how 's thing ? how 's it go , soap ? cook all right ? where 's that son of mine ? each time a question be ask the lad try to answer but be just leave with they mouth open , which remain open as a gorgeous girl walk through the bar ( Daisy ) . int . sloane ' house laboratory - night we cut to a small , humid , artificially light , illegal forest be cultivate for profit . someone be smoking a joint and raise he eyebrow at he friend . this two character be J and Charles ; they have get hair down to they shoulder , small try-hard goatee and science - lab coat , with nothing much underneath . J ( cough ) this gear be get heavier you know , Charles . I get a suspicion we should have be rocket scientist , or Noble peace Prize winner or something . a horn blow ( the door bell ) . charle who the hell be that ? int . sloane ' house - night the door open to reveal willy . under each arm be a large bag of fertilizer . willy give I a hand Charlie , I could break sweat at any second . a voice come from behind they . at the top of the stair stand Winston . he slowly start to walk down . winston Charles , why have we get this cage ? pause . Charlie shrug . charlie er , for security . winston that 's right , for security . so tell I , Charles , what 's the point in have it if we do not fuck use it ? charlie well , because it 's willy and willy life here . winston yes Charlie , but you do not know it be willy , do you ? willy chill , Winston , it 's I and Charlie can see it 's I , so what 's the problem ? winston the problem be , willy , that Charlie and yourself be not the quick of cat in the alley at the best of time , so just do as I say and keep the fuck cage lock . pause as the two in the door look slightly piss off at be shout at . Winston sigh and look at what willy be carry . winston what be you carry , willy ? willy er , fertilizer . winston you go out six hour ago to buy a money counter and you come back carry two bag of fertilizer . alarm bell be ringing , willy . willy we need fertilizer , Winston . winston we also need a fuck money counter , William ! we have to get the money out by Thursday and I will be buggere if I be count it . . . and if you have to get you sodd fertilizer , could not you be a little more subtle ? willy what do you mean ? winston I mean we grow copious amount of ganja , and you do not look like you average hort - er-fuck - culturalist , that 's what I mean , willy . Winston turn on he heel and walk off . 35 int . jd' bar - night Ed return to the bar to find Tom , soap and bacon look in disbelief . tom ( point to watch ) what the hell be you do here ? eddy why , what 's up ? tom er , let I guess , my foot in you arse ? a game of card and hatchet Harry . you be suppose to be get some rest , boy ! Ed grimace as he father approach . he have overhear this last statement . jd you play card tonight with Harry ? eddy ( pause ) do not be silly dad , I would not have anything to do with that . int . ed and bacon be house - night we calm down for a while . a cool track be play . Ed be now smartly dress , sit in a armchair . we have a close - up of he face . he be motionless , eye close ; he look asleep . the camera slowly track down he body we reach a single hand ; he be cut the pack skilfully and faultlessly ; he be very much awake . there be a knock on he door . his eye open . int . seedy bar - night near-naked girl be gyrate against blue pole , which keep distracting this man 's attention . meet the two scouser - Gary and Dean . the scouser be in they late twenty , one big , one small . Gary ( the smaller ) sport a large demi-perm . they bear strong liverpudlian accent . they be meeting Barry ( hatchet 's man ) . gary shotgun ? what , like gun that fire shot ? barry oh , you must be the brain then . that 's right , gun that fire shot . . . make sure you bring everything from inside the gun cabinet . there will be a load of gun , that 's all I want . I will pay you when you deliver . everything outside the cabinet you can keep ; it 's yours . gary ( sarcastically ) oh , thanks very much . and there have better be something there for we . barry it 's a fuck stately home , of course there will be something there . dean like what ? barry like antique . dean antique ? what the fuck do we know about antique ? we rob post office and steal car , what the fuck do we know about antique ? barry if it look old , it 's worth money , simple . so stop fuck moan and rob the place . gary so who 's the guv ? who we do this for ? barry you be do it for I be all you need to know . you only know that because you need to know . gary I see , one of that `on a need to know ' basis thing , like a James bond film , be it ? barry careful , remember who 's give you this job . a bit of confuse eye-rolling go on . Barry eventually look at he watch . I be off , it 's all yours now . call I when you be do . as he leave , the two scouser eye he distastefully . gary ( to Dean ) I hate this Southern shite . barry ( on he way out , whisper to himself ) Fucking Northern monkey . ext . boxing club entrance - night eddy and the lad have all make a obvious effort with they appearance . they be meet by a doorman . doorman invitation . eddy invitation ? doorman yeah invitation , you know a pretty white piece of paper with you name on it . eddy well we have get about a hundred thousand pretty piece of paper with the Queen on it . will that do ? doorman all right , just you ; the other can wait in samoan jo 's next door . eddy samoan jo 's ? yon mean the pub ? hold on . . . doorman hold on bollock , no one but card player in here tonight sonny , and I do mean no one . int . boxing gym - night eddy enter the box gym on he own , and raise he eyebrow at the think of climb into the ring . everybody else be sit down count they money and convert it to chip . Ed take the only empty chair and have a quick look around , particularly behind . eddy even frazer , phil , Don . this be a bit dramatic , be not it ? be it suppose to be symbolic ? 40 phil / don all right ed. apparently it 's for security . eddy I would have bring my glove if I have know . hatchet you must be eddy . jd 's son . eddy yup , you must be Harry ? sorry , I do not know you father . hatchet never mind son , you just might meet he if you carry on like that . there be a attractive blonde croupier shuffle the card . eddy even Tanya , it have be a while . ext . samoan jox - night as the boy walk in to samoan jo 's , a man come tear out of the door cover in flame follow by he friend try to put the flame out . the lad look on in mild shock . tom I hear this place be rough . ext . stately home - night the scouser make they way to the front door and unravel they lock - pick kit . ' 42 samoan jo 's - night soap what sort of a pub be this then ? samoan jo a samoan one . anything else ? bacon ( receive a monstrous , leafy cocktail ) what 's that ? samoan jo a cocktail , you ask for a cocktail . bacon no , I ask you to give I a refresh drink . I be not expect a fuck rainforest ; you could fall in love with a orang - utan in that . samoan jo you want a pint , go to the pub . bacon I think this be a pub . samoan jo it 's a samoan pub . bacon well whatever it be , could you get you man to turn the tv down ? samoan jo you ask he if you like , but I would leave he to it if I be you . bacon look at rory breaker , the man watch the tv . bacon Excuse I , could you turn the tv down ? rory breaker no . he take a swig of whatever he be drink and frown at Bacon . bacon frown back , then soap interrupt . soap this be the English - Brazil game , be not it ? int . boxing gym - night croupier this be three card brag , gentleman . that mean that three three be the high , then three ace and then run down accordingly ; then it 's a run flush , a run , a flush , then a pair : a open man can not see a blind man , and it will cost you twice the anti to see you opponent . do not fuck around , fella ; you all know the rule and you know I will not stand for it . frazer what sort of shirt be that then , Ed ? ' Three hundred open . eddy the type of shirt that have button on the front and collar at the top , frazer . one hundred and fifty blind . don Three hundred and fifty open . phil fold . * cut from complete film . hatchet Three hundred and fifty open . frazer you be the only fella in London who wear shirt like that . Three hundred and fifty open . eddy no frazer , it 's just I be the only classy fella you have have the pleasure of see in London . one hundred and seventy - five blind . don four hundred open . hatchet four hundred open . frazer eight hundred . like that , do ya , son ? eddy when my knee stop knock I will live with it . four hundred blind . int . boxing gym changing room - night Barry , who be sit among sweaty towel , take out a four-inch monitor and switch it on , and hey presto we can see the card table . the camera be place behind Ed in one of the four post . Barry zoom in , pause on the back of Ed 's head , get he focus and jib down to view he card , pause and be focus , because Ed be play blind . he have not raise they : there be nothing Barry can do . we cut to Barry 's other hand . he be press a button on a remote control . we cut straight to Harry 's leg which be receive the pulse . 46 boxing gym - night hatchet listen lady , this be card . Men play card , you want to talk soft you should be at the fuck hairdresser , so shut up and play . ( dramatic pause ) I fold . frazer two thousand open . eddy one thousand blind . don two thousand open . frazer deep end , eh? fold . eddy two thousand blind . don you what ? there be a pause as Don examine Ed 's brow look for a trace of nerve . two grand ? you be still blind . you have be eat too much English beef , mate ; honker , mad . hatchet well , you go to play ? cut from complete film . don Fucking right I be go to play . Three thousand , there . croupier four thousand to a open man , you know that . we can feel the confidence emanate from eddy . Don continue to search Ed 's forehead wait for a break of nervous moisture , but it 's as dry as a desert disco . eddy Donald , do you know how to play this game ? the reason I put in half the anti be because I do not know what I have get . now play , or fold . silence . ext . STREET - night . Don be throw out on to the street , scream and cursing . ext . stately home - night the scouser , have now enter , make they way through the large house . dean ok Gary , we call each other Kenny , all right ? gary all right , Kenny . Dean look at Gary 's disguise with some distaste . he have a stock pull over only half he face . a sexy thigh grip be replicate a artificial , frilly moustache , not give the desire menace look . a big bouffant head of hair be neatly be conntrolled up on top . dean can not you pull that stock down further , Kenny ? gary it just cost I fifty quid to have this do . ( lovingly rearranging he hair ) if you think I be go to ruin it for a couple of old bastard you be mistaken , Kenny . int . boxing gym - night Music start . we cut to a montage of Ed , hatchet and Barry at work . Ed must be about 250,000 up but the game be get out hand and piece of paper be be sign ; ious . int . stately home bedroom - night Dean return down a corridor carry a armful of rifle and enter a large bedroom . there be a couple of toff ( English aristocrat ) tie up in bed . the old man have bit of tissue between be toe which Gary have see fit to light , in order to extract information . briefly meet Lord and Lady appleton smythe Winston and Daisy 's parent ) . dean what be you do , Kenny ? Gary be on the point of lighting another piece of tissue . gary find out where he keep the money . 48 49 dean Kenny , you twat , do it look like this people have get any money ? they can not even afford new furniture . we have get the gun ; now if you do not mind . . . at that moment they be interrupt by the sound of a shotgun cartridge . the ancient butler have make a unexpected entrance . he be hold a equally ancient pair of hammer - lock gun ( the one from the catalogue ) which he have obviously get little control of . the recoil knock the butler clear off he foot . the second shot hit the ceiling cover the old boy in plaster . we cut to a Pov of the butler on he back . we see Dean look down . you want to be more careful , old fella . you very nearly take my man 's head clean off with that . you all right , Kenny ? we cut to a shaking shell - shocked Gary , mouth agape . the gun shot have tear through the centre of Gary 's bouffant hairdo leave he with a pair of smoking mickey mouse ear . shock prevent he from answer . Kenny ? int . boxing gym - night eddy ten grand blind . we see hatchet feel he leg ; he look shifty int . boxing gym changing room - night Barry zoom in again ; he can see nothing . hatchet twenty thousand open . eddy look at he card : he have a run flush . eddy twenty thousand open . int . boxing gym changing room - night barrv sigh with relief and type in the relevant information . int . boxing gym - night have receive this information hatchet pause , then . . . hatchet I will fold . we hear lot of ooh and aah . eddy frown slightly this be odd play . Rather than look happy he have a discrete glance over he shoulder ; satisfied that nothing can be amiss , he collect he money . do not go spend , that all at once , boy . int . boxing gym changing room - night Barry 's phone ring . he jump in shock and fish around to find it . barry what ? 50 ~ 51 int . red phone BOX - night the scouser reply ; Gary be still unable to speak due to he shotgun experience . dean I think you say no staff , bazza ! barry you get the gun ? dean you should see what they do to poor Gary . Gary wander past the phone box in a gormless state . he obviously do not know what day of the week it be . dean Gary , get back into the van ! Barry frown down the telephone . yeah , yeah , we get them . barry good . I will speak to you later . Barry click the phone off . Dean look at Gary and raise he voice as if speak to a deaf person . dean Gary , Gary , if you can hear I , I think we better get you back in the van now , ok ? Dean take he arm and guide he back into the van . boxing gym - night stake have increase dramatically . there be a pause as frazer look at he card . eddy twenty thousand open . phil ok . my Doctor would beat I to a heart attack if he know what be go on here . I fold . hatchet get some card there , boy ? thirty thousand . back to you already eddy ? hatchet look impatiently at the door . eddy fifty grand . hatchet scour Ed 's forehead . it be still dry . hatchet eighty grand . boxing gym changing room - night Barry , who be try as hard as he can to see Ed 's card , frustratedly zoom in and out ; eventually Ed raise they just enough ; Barry jib , hey bingo he see Ed 's card ! Ed 's get nothing but a pair of six . Barry excitedly start tapping away . 53 int . boxing gym - mght eddy one hundred grand . frazer hold on fella , I know . . . hatcher ( interrupt j I know you be not in , which mean nobody care what you know . two hundred and fifty . hatchet and eddy minutely study each other 's hairline , wait for a nervous droplet to appear . sweat break ; a drop on Ed 's forehead , fill frame . slowly we follow a droplet 's journey coursing down eddy 's brow eventually this be meet by a large unblink eye , at this point the pause be break . eddy that be quite a raise , one hundred and fifty on my hundred . hatchet yes . . . and be there something else you want to say ? eddy as you know , this put we in a awkward position . I do not have enough to continue . pause . croupier we will have to see both you card if no one loan eddy the money to continue . it 's a loan or we see both you card . silence follow . a lot of nose scratch and examine of imaginary dirty ftngernail spread contagiously throughout the remain company . it do not look . . . hatchet ( interrupt ) I will . eddy you will what ? hatchet I will loan you the money . silence . the sweat bead reach the bottom of Ed 's chin , tremble for a second , then unattach itself . very slowly it fall . we follow its long silent journey . eventually it be greet by the back of Ed 's card . it explode dramatically in sound and vision , symbolize this worry news . eddy I think I would rather just turn they over . hatchet I be not interested in what you would rather ; I want to keep go . I be also offer you the money , so we do not have to turn they over because you can borrow . eddy I need two hundred and fifty grand . hatchet no , you need five hundred grand to see I . Ed 's face be now awash , busily blister with sweat . eddy that 's if I want to see you . hatchet well , you be go to have a problem carry on , aintcha . the pause be painful . 55 cruopier you can still fold . eddy do not like the sound of this . there be sympathy in she voice . Harry look sharply through narrow eye at the croupier ; the croupier plead with eddy . eddy I will see ya . hatchet for half a million ? eddy unless you be go to accept twenty quid . hatchet and still get a sense of humour . that 's not monkey nut son ; you can still fold . ( pause ) ok , before I loan you this , I expect , if you lose of course , my money back within a week , Crystal ? that 's Sunday , ok ? this last few word echo in the distance of Ed 's mind ( and ours ) . he be commit , but have now leave the world of the conscious . hatchet turn over the first card ; it 's a seven . eddy usher he on ; another seven , it look as though he will have three ; then the third : it 's a four . there be a anti-climatic silence . after a loud pause . . . croupier be that it ? * cut from complete film . 56 frazer he be bluff ! hatchet look content and rather nonchalant . hatchet let 's see you fuck card . nobody be impressed by hatchet 's card ; all eye fall on eddy expectantly we crash in to Ed 's pupil with a loud swoosh . they contract to the size of pinhead . his world have change for ever . freeze shot of eddy eddy ( voice - over ) I know he be bluff , but somehow the worst card player round the table have fuck I like a freeze virgin with a pair of seven . a series of blow to my head with a baseball bat would have be greet with a grin compare to this . ten minute earlier , I be two hundred thousand pound richer ; now I owed half a million . release freeze shot of eddy Harry approach Ed and whisper in he ear . hatchet I know you friend be responsible for most of that cash , so I will give you all a week to find it . after that , I will take a finger off each of you and you friend 's hand for each day that pass without payment ; and when you have all run out of digit , then who know what ? Ed get up . we stumble with he in slow motion . he be hardly able to stand . he wobble over to the door . Harry continue to talk over the top . Business be business , and I be good at make mine work . I like you dad 's bar , jd 's , so do not get clever or lethargic . if you can not pay in a week , a few finger and a bar for starter . Ed stumble out of the door , double up and vomit all over the for door . int . samoan jox - night Ed have make he way into the bar . all he friend have fall asleep . one of Bacon 's eye open to see Ed clean himself up . bacon this do not look good . the other wake on this statement . we cut between the lad and they freeze reaction . freeze shot of lad in SHOCK eddy ( voice - over ) I then explain the unfortunate position we be in . Harry be go to start size up all we finger in a week , ' cause he know there be no way I could raise that kind of money on my own . Harry see it as they money on the table so it be also they debt off the table . I hate to admit it but I could have kiss the old bastard for that . if I say I want to settle this debt on my own it would have be a lie . release freeze shot of lad eddy listen , I wish he would let I settle it on my own . Tom drop he drink and rush eddy . 58 tom I will kill he ! bacon ( intercept Tom ) stop fuck around , Tom , and think . what be we go to do ? soap what 's all the fuss about Harry ? why do not we just boycott the payment ? they all look at soap like he be mad . int . hatchet harry be ' office - night bacon ( voice - over ) let I tell you about hatchet Harry . once there be this geezer call smithy Robinson who work for Harry . it be rumoure that he be on the take . Harry invite smithy round for a explanation . smithy do not do a very good job . within a minute Harry lose he temper and reach for the nearest thing at hand , which happen to be a fifteen - inch black rubber cock . he then proceed to batter poor smithy to death with this ; that be see as a pleasant way to go . . . hence , hatchet Harry be a man you pay if you owe . eddy I will think of something , do not worry . ext . STREET - day Ed , who look like he be close to suicide , have develop a two - day stubble and he eye have disappear into black socket . he stumble along the street with a bottle of scotch poke out of a pocket . he stop outside jd 's , look at the entrance and decide not to go in . 60 int . sloane ' sitting room - day the ridiculous door- bell horn blow . J who the hell 's that . it 's only twelve . winston use that cage , that 's what it 's there for . william ( off ) who be it ? plank ( off ) plank , open up . this be do without the use of the steel - cage security door . this weed be get quite a reputation , you know , fella . gloria remain motionless in she chair . plank wave he hand about in a sort of `how you do ' way to everyone and go to take a seat . at the last minute , poise like he be sit on a potty he realize he be about to sit on this girl . Jesus ! never see you there . hello , love . enjoy yourself ? gloria do not respond . plank wave he hand over she face . still no response . plank look around for some acknowledgement . be she , er , compus ? winston ( do not look up ) what do you think ? plank take a close look at the girl . 61 girl boo ! plank jump back , completely take by surprise , knock over a pedestal of shoe box stack up against a wall , full of fifty - pound note . plank fuck I ! Charles , piss off , look at William like it 's he fault . charle fod God 's sake . william clean that up , Charles . charle sod you , you clean it up . plank sorry fella , but that stupid cow ! william never mind , could you please just sit down and stay out of the way . winston anyway , how much do you want ? plank ( try to look like the money have not have a impact on he ) I be after a half weight . winston that 's one and a half thousand . pass that scale , Willie , and sort out the gear , Charlie . any chance of see you money ? int . jd ' S bar - day cut to Bacon , soap and Tom sit and talk in the back of jd 's bar . they do not look a lot better than Ed . bacon the odd be one hundred to one so all we need be five grand . soap I would rather put my money on a three - legge rock horse . the odd be a hundred to one for a good reason , bacon . . . it will not win . so where be Ed with all the bright idea ? bacon at the bottom of a bottle and have be for two day ; it 's hit he hard . soap it 's hit we all hard ! bacon yeah , but he have get to tell he dad he be about to lose he bar . Tom , who have not really be listen , suddenly interrupt . tom listen to this one then ; you open a company call the arse tickler 's faggot fan Club . you take a advert in the back page of some gay mag , advertising the latest in arse- intrude dildo , sell it a bit with , er . . . I dunno , idoe what no other dildo can do until now ' , latest and great in sexual technology . guaranteed result or money back , all that bollock . this dill cost twenty - five each ; a snip for all the pleasure they be go to give the recipient . they send a cheque to the company name , nothing offensive , er , bobbie 's bit or something , for twenty - five . you put this in the bank for two week and let they clear . now this be the clever bit . then you send back the cheque for twenty - five pound from the real company name , arse tickler 's faggot fan Club , say sorry , we could not get the supply from America , they have sell out . now you see how many of the people cash that cheque ; not a single soul , because who want he bank manager to know he tickle arse when he be not pay in cheque ! there be a long pause while bacon consider this . bacon so how long do you have to wait ' till you see a return ? tom probably no longer than four week . bacon a month ? so , my friend , what fuck good be that , if we need it in six . . . no , five day ? tom well , it 's still a good idea . soap listen to this one . . . int . dog be house - day we see the back of a head . dog so do you know this geezer well ? plank well enough . I have be buy gear off one of they for a couple of year . dog what they like then ? plank poofs . nothing heavy , four public school guy . Soft as shite . int . jd' bar - day soap be finish off he suggestion for raise money . soap and you keep all the money ' pause . bacon and Tom frown at soap . tom I have hear some fuck stupid idea in my time but yours make Bacon 's sound inspire . int . ed and bacon be house - day Ed fumble with he key at he front door . he enter he house in a sort of zombie state , take off he jacket and open the cupboard door . he hang he coat up ( it promptly fall off " the hanger ) and he collapse in a pile on the floor . the cupboard door now be open , he can clearly hear next door 's discussion . we track in very slowly on Ed . plank they ponce around in funny hippie clothes all day , talk bollock . they be just good at grow weed , that 's all , and business have get bigger than what they can keep up with . int . jd' bar - day soap if you be so fuck clever why do not you come up with a suggestion ? bacon I be think , I be think . int . ed and bacon be house - day dog ( off ) listen , they can not be all stupid if they get a container load of cash sit in shoe box , a skip-load of class a gear and you do not think there be anybody sensible involved . we reach the end of we track . Ed 's head be on a pitiful angle in full close -up . it straighten and he dark eye widen immediately on this news . int . dog be house - day dog what about security ? plank there 's one steel gate as you go in but they never lock it . dog what do you mean , never ? well what have they get it for , then ? plank I must have be there fifty time , it 's never be lock ; they be not suspicious . everybody who go there be toff . they be all into that karma crap : ` if I do not harm nobody , nobody harm I ' stuff . dog be there no way they can get back to you ? plank even if they could they would be too shit scared . they have get no muscle ; they be gutless faggot . 66 ~ 67 in't . hatchet harry office - day Barry and Harry be talk . Harry be polish a shotgun . it be very different in appearance to the hammer - lock . hatchet be Big Chris on he way ? barry should be here any minute . I think you be make a mistake , Harry . that 's a lot of money for Chris to be run after . I would not trust he to bring it back here . hatchet 's speech be lace with cut -away of Big Chris in action , and on the ascent ( with Little Chris ) of hatchet 's stair . int . hatchet harry staircase - day hatchet ( voice -over ) what do you know about Chris , eh ? you put Big Chris on a job and he will make sure it get do , no matter what 's in he way . his dad use to collect debt and he dad before that , and that monster of a boy will after he have go . it seem that the almighty himself request they to collect debt for eternity and not to fear knock on old Nick 's door himself , if he be behind on he payment . but he have never nick a picker in he life . straight as a arrow and as strong as the bow that fire it . if you drop you tenner he would search till he find ya . . . the only problem be he be not stable , have a temper like a runaway train , and he hit twice as hard . Heaven protect anyone who touch that boy , not that the boy need protect . we see Big Chris walk up the stair . he reach the top and knock on the door . int . hatchet harry office - day Big Chris be sit in front of hatchet , Barry behind Chris . hatchet want a drink ? barry hello son , would you like a lolly ? little CHRIS piss off you nonce ! big CHRIS oi , watch it ! no thanks Harry , we be both all right . Nice shooter . hatchet like it ? one of a pair , Holland and Holland . here , you want to hold it ? big CHRIS Nah , not my thing , thank you , Harry . Business good ? I imagine that 's what I be here for . Harry lean the gun against the side of the desk and take a seat , do a breast - stroke movement to clear he desk of all the sexual debris , take a big breath of air and begin . hatchet I want you to forget about any other debt at the moment ; there be fresher fish to fry ! big CHRIS go on . hatchet it 's a bit of a priority . four young fella who get in deeper than they could handle ; they owe I half a million pound . 68 ~ 69 little CHRIS how much ? int . ed and bacon be house - night Tom , bacon and soap be sit in front of Ed who look as though he be about to launch in to a speech . tom what 's the flap about ? you tell the old man yet ? eddy I hope I will not need to . I get a plan . so listen carefully . int . sloane ' sitting room - night winston look , he set we up . that mean he put money into we , which mean he expect money out of we . you do not need to be a economist to work that out . J he might think we smoke a lot and burn a bit of profit , but he can not have any idea about the hard currency we have accumulate . we can just slice it off the top . winston you guy , you have get to realise who this chap be . he 's a fuck lunatic . if he get the slight inkling that we be not throw straight dice , you - and fuck it , I - be go to know what the sharp side of a kebab knife feel like . * charle come on , we be in this for the cash however it come . the phone ring . Winston pick it up . * cut from complete film . 70 winston hello . daisy ( she be upset ) Winston ? winston yeah . daisy it 's Daisy . winston I know who it be . what 's the problem ? int . ed and bacon be house - night the situation have be explain . there be thoughtful frown on all forehead . there be a pause . soap well , what do you want we to do about it ? eddy hit the fucker . pause while this be digested . I know it sound a bit heavy , but it 's not like you be do anything illegal . bacon I do not know how you have reach that conclusion . eddy they can not report they have have all they drug and money nick , can they ? 71 tom how heavy be the fella anyway ? eddy they do not look all that . soap Hitler do not look all that . eddy all right , but for Christ 's sake we be in the soup and this be the silver spoon . if you can think of another way to get out , let I know . it 's not like we have get all the time in the world either . . . dig ? silence fall over they . ] bacon I be game . tom I too . s0 ap oh , god ! eddy well , we hit they as soon as they come back . we will be wait and prepare for they . pause as Ed 's voice drop a little . and they be armed . soap what be that , armed ? what do you mean , armed ? armed with what ? eddy er , bad breath , colourful language and a feather duster ! . . . what do you think they will be armed with ? gun , you tit ! soap gun ! you never say anything about gun . a minute ago this be the safest job in the world , now it 's turn in to a bad day in Bosnia . . . eddy Jesus , soap , stop be such a mincer . I think about that and ... soap and what exactly ? eddy and we will just have to find out who 's go to be carry they . soap carry they . they could all be carry they for what we know . eddy no , just one of they be in charge of they go to the job . so I assume he will still be carry when he come back from the job . soap oh , you assume , do ya ? what do they say about assumption be the brother of all fuck -up ? tom it 's the mother of fuck - up , stupid ! soap well , excuse I , brother , mother or any other sucker , do not make any difference , they be still fuck gun , and they still fire fuck bullet ! 72 ~ 73 eddy soap , if you get a better idea to get five hundred grand in the next few day you let we know . . . in the meantime , Tom , speak to Nick the bubble about move the weed . int . jd' bar - night Tom and Nick be stick away in a corner play on a fruit machine . nick weed ? tom not normal weed . this be some fuck - up skunk class a . I can not think let alone move shit . nick do not sound very good to I . tom neither I , but it depend on what flick you switch , and the light 's on and burn bright for the mass . nick you will need sample , Tom . tom no can do . nick where 's that ? a place near katmandu ? meet I half way , mate . tom listen , it 's all completely chicken soup . nick it 's what ? . tom kosher as Christmas nick ( roll he eye ) Jews do not celebrate Christmas , Tom . tom never mind that now . I also need some artillery , you know , a couple of sawn - off shotgun . nick bloody hell , Tom ! this be a bit heavy . this be London , not the Lebanon ' who do you think I be ? tom I think you be Nick the Greek . int . rory breaker' office - day there 's a cacophony of seventies funk and football fill the room . we meet rory breaker . rory be a very well - dress cool - look black dude . he be in he own way sophisticated , consider what he do for a live . his help , however , be less well - inform . rory have Nick the Greek in front of he . rory Nick , I do not have anything to do with weed , normally , but if it be what he say it be , I will give he three and a half thousand a key , that 's if it be what he say it be . I do not want to see it after a sample , I do not want to touch it after a sample . I will leave you in the capable hand of Nathan here . he will work out the detail , but let I get this straight . if the milk turn out to be sour , I be not the kind of pussy who will drink it . know what I mean ? 74 ~ 75 int . garage under the arch - day the scouser be hand over all the shotgun from they previous job to Barry and assistant . Dean have get a complicated hair arrangement to disguise he accident with the butler . Barry raise he eyebrow at this new look . barry be you hair suppose to look like that , then ? Gary ignore this question . dean next time we do a job like this we gonna want more money , or we be go back to post office and car . barry where be the other ? Barry be look with same concern for the hammer - lock purdey . dean there be no other . barry now , stop fuck around . the other , the old one ? dean I do not know what you mean . barry ( dead serious ) there be two old gun there ; where be they ? dean not in the cabinet there be not . there be a couple of old hammer - lock musket the butler be carry ; they be ours , and we sell them ! 77 barry well you just better un - sell them , sharpish . dean they be . . . barry ( interrupt ) I be not fuck interested . shout . if you do not want to end up count the finger that you have not get , or share a bed with the anti- Christ , I suggest you get that gun , quick . int . back of van - day we be face Nick 's large behind , builder 's cleavage poke out of the top of he trousers . Nick be unwrap two long implement from a sheet : the hammer-lock purdey . tom Jesus , if I pick they up , will they stay in one piece ? where do you get they from ? nick I get contact . listen Tom , if you point they at I I would shit myself or do whatever you say to do . either way you still get the desire effect . tom they look nice , I agree . . . but lack in criminal credibility , be not they ? I might get laugh at . how much do you want for this musket ? nick Seven hundred each . 78 tom what 's that , a pound for every year they have be around ? I know they be antique , but I be not pay antique price . pause . and they be a bit long , be not they ? nick sawn-off be out , Tom ; people like to have a bit mare range nowadays . tom Range ? I do not want to blow the arse out of this country , grant , but I do not want anybody blow a raspberry at I either . I want to look fuck mean . nick of course you will look mean , Tom , you will look really scary . tom all right , let 's forget about they for the time be . what about you weed man ? nick rory breaker be stand by . you stand to make a lot of money , Tommy boy . int . jd' bar - night we be look directly at jd 's shell - shocked face . he gently lay down a empty glass on the bar . hatchet I understand if this have come as a bit of a shock , but I will tell you how this can be resolve by the good father . * Big Chris in complete film . pause . the camera spin round to reveal hatchet and Barry the Baptist . jd go on . hatchet I like you bar . jd yes ? hatchet I want you bar . jd and ? hatchet do you want I to draw a picture ? jd Harry , that boy do not know he arsehole from he ear-hole , or you from a hoodwink . this bar be mine , and he have nothing to do with it . hatchet what , and I care ? remember , you do have the luxurious advantage of be able to sustain you son 's life . jd and you do have a reputation , so I will choose my word carefully . but not to put too fine a point on it , fuck yourself , Harry ! Barry pull a kind of mock - scared face and clutches he heart . 80 hatchet oh , careful jd , you will give Barry a heart -attack . we crash - zoom again into Harry 's eye to see the pupil contract . it 's time to look mean . I will put that down to shock , but only once , only once can or will I let you get away with that . you son 's still get three day to find half a million , but make up you mind which one you prefer : you son , or you bar . we have a slow -motion close - up of the drink be slam down , prove a point . int . ed and bacon be house - day bacon have rig up a amplifier to the hole in the cupboard along with a ridiculous amount of recording equipment . the house light still flicker on and off . we start the first part of the conversation look at Bacon , who have he headphone on . we cut to Dog halfway through the second sentence . int . dog be hduse - day plank there 's nothing to worry about , it 's go to be easy . dog there be no such thing as easy in my experience and , if you think this be go to be easy , you be a dick . it may be easier than most but it 's not go to be easy . int . ed and bacon be house - day bacon have a kettle next to where he be sit . it steam away quite happily but a worry noise start to come from the plug socket . bacon prepare himself .- boom ! he disappear into black . int . dog be house - day they react to the boom ! Dog look at the wall with suspicion , miss a beat , then continue . dog what 's that idiot do next door ? ( point at Paul ) we use you van . it 's up some stair this place , so we will stick out like ball on a bulldog . plank be go up first . there be a cage but it be never lock , be it plank ? plank no. dog and it better bloody not be . once he be firmly in place , he get the rest of we in . we will get nasty with a couple of they , shit them up , scare and gag them . I can not see this wanker give we a problem , but they might have a couple of tool hang around like any cowboy . when the job be do we will come straight back here . it 's dark by then , unload and Robert 's you father 's brother . everybody savvy ? all together yup . dog right , tomorrow , eight o'clock we will do it . apparently this stag do not get out of bed till midday , lowest ebb and all that , and that 's how I like it . int . ed and bacon be house - day bacon be now light by candle . bacon Jesus . dog ( off ) so no mess around tonight . we leave eight a.m. , ok ? eddy yes ? bacon it 's happen tomorrow morning . get back here now . int . ed and bacon be house - night soap ( staggering ) where do you get that from , a museum ? tom Nick the Greek . bacon how much do you part with ? tom Seven hundred for the pair . soap drachmas , I hope . I would feel safer with a chicken drumstick . they could do more harm than good . bacon Jesus , Tom , do they work ? tom I dunno , but they look nice . I rather like ' they . eddy top of the list of priority , how nice they look . soap lady , if you do not mind , back to a more important issue . we have only get two real gun . . . apparently that 's what they be . we find a good place to hide next door . when it sound like the right time , we jack in the box , look nasty and stuff , cocoon they in gaffer tape , then we nick they van and swap the gear into a new van and then bring it back here . as long as we be all out of we hide place quickly , it 's the last thing they will expect . if Tom and anyone else feel like kick they around a bit I be sure it will not do any harm . a bit of pain never hurt any one ( think about it ) if you know what I mean . . . also , I think knife be a good idea , you know , big fuck - off shiny knife , the one that look like they could skin a crocodile . knive be good because they do not make any noise , and the less noise the more we be likely to use they . that will shit them up and make we look like pro . there be a pause as they look at soap with suspicion . tom be there something we should know about you , soap ? bacon I be not sure what 's more worry , the job or you past . int . ed and bacon be house - morning Ed and Bacon , etc , be all mount up on top of one another look out a crack in the curtain . they be observe Dog 's party en route to work . they be dress as kebab shop assistant . soap where the fuck be they go ? to butcher a sheep ? I think this be a robbery . eddy where do they get that outfit from ? have not we get some like that , Tom ? tom well , not exactly like that . int . dog be house ( van ) - morning Dog and troop load up . int . sldane ' sitting room - morning cut to sloane . they be up and unusually awake . today be the day to move the money so they be comparatively alert . there be lot of activity . winston you fuck jelly -head , move it . you have be up for two hour , you should have get somewhere by now . the gear and the money have get to be out of here before twelve . the horn blast . who 's that ? J , do not you dare open the door until you use that cage . I be serious , and find out who it be first . 86 int . sloane ' front door - day J ( raise he voice for the door ) hello , can I help you ? plank all right , it 's plank . be Willie there ? J no , I be afraid he 's not . he 's out at the moment . plank well , perhaps you can help ? J well , perhaps I can not , plank , if you know what I mean . plank look , could you just open the door so I could talk without shouting ? J I can not help you , plank . plank I think you will find it be in you interest . int sloane ' sitting room - day J hold on . ok . ( whisper inside . ) look Willie , it 's plank outside ask for you , he say it 's in we interest . 87 winston I do not care if it 's King fuck Kong , he be not come in here , not today . william hold on : we be in business and correct I if I be wrong , but that be business ? J correct ; that 's a walk accident that we can do without . william Jesus , he 's ok ; he know only to buy weight now , so we be look at least a couple of thou ; just one last time . J what do you think , Winston ? pause . winston willy , this be the last time , and do not let he know that you be here , otherwise he will be here all day , and get rid of he quick . we have work to do . ext . sloane ' stair - day dog ( frustrated ) what the fuck be go on ? mick do you want I to have a look , Dog ? dog no , you silly fucker , stay still . ( whisper ) what 's go on ? plank come on , I can not wait out here all day . start to get anxious that the whole deal could be off plank look down the stair and wave at Dog as some kind of reassurance . J ( off ) all right , just come . J unlock the door after get the cage ready . there 's a external door , and then a small corridor before the cage . J be inside the cage . two , or at a push , three people could fit in this space before they would be poke out on the outside world . int . sloane ' cage - day plank I think you be go to leave I out there all day . J I do not know you be a kebab man , plank . plank ( take the piss ) live and learn do not one . then devastation slap he hard . keep the gate lock now , do you ? J sorry , get to do business like this now ; can not be too careful this day . plank I know . ( suddenly turn very nasty whisper . ) now shut it . you say a fuck word the right knee go , another word then you leave . J ( confuse and believe it 's a joke , until he see the gun . ) what be you do , plank ? plank what do you think I be do ? hold on . what be you do ? unlock that gate . oi ! I say unlock that fuck gate . J have find it all too much and have pass out with fear , collapse on the floor in a awkward contort position . plank be desperately try to find the right key . thing be not go as well as plan . Dog , in the meantime , have decide it 's time to start the show ext . sloane ' stair - day dog go! go! go! Fucking run , you two . they all go charge into the open door only to slam straight into plank . the key go fly out of plank 's hand and through the cage . plank cry with frustration , reach out with he hand to retrieve they . Dog , find the gate lock , be none too happy they be also still expose to the eye of the world due to the lack of space between the outside door and the inside cage . 90 ~ 91 int . sloane ' cage - day dog ( mesmerize } the fuck gate 's shut , you prick . plank just hold on , I get the key . have claw they back with the end of he shotgun . dog ( see a unconscious man at he foot ) what the fuck do you do to fauntleroy ? plank ( fumble and panic ) I do not touch he , he just pass out . int . sloane ' sitting room - day winston J , what 's go on out there ? ( realising ) get the rifle out , Charles . we be be fuck . int . sloane ' front door - day dog get the sodd gate open now , plank . plank be busy fumble about , not really get anywhere because of the pressure be apply . plank ( try to convince himself , as much as Dog ) it must be this one . dog just give I the key . the gun with which plank have be entrust be point straight at Dog 's groin . Point you gun in there , dick , not at I . Mick have unwrapped he gun from he case . Dog turn and look amaze at the size of the weapon . what the fuck be that ? mick it 's a bren gun . dog you could have bring something a bit more fuck practical , could not ya ? pop ! we hear the sound of a air gun pellet hit the bar . plank ( try to salvage some credibility ) do not you stag move or I will kill the lot of ya . dog ( amaze by this stupidity ) who be you go to kill plank ? there 's no one there . we hear another pop and plank get shot in the neck . this understarulably send he into a real panic , think this be curtain . plank ( gurgle ) they shot I ! panic unashamedly expose itself . trickles of blood start flow from in - between plank 's finger . dog ( unimpress ) well shoot they . plank shoot at everything and nothing . smoke fill the corridor , leave they in a cloud . a bit of cough go on , then silence . JOHN Jesus plank , you could have get smokeless cartridge , I can not see a bloody thing . pop ! another pellet be fire hit John in the chest . ah , Jesus , shit , I have be shot ! dog I do not fuck believe this . could everybody stop get shot . sit down John , you cock , patch yourself up ; it 's only a fuck air rifle . Dog be interrupt by a enormously loud blast of machine - gun fire . Dog and the boy panic , cover they ear and hit the floor . after this outburst Dog look up at Mick and see he be the culprit . Mick look down at Dog expect a congratulatory nod from Dog ; he do not get it . what the fuck be that ? mick that be the bren gun ! 94 . ~ 95 dog if you use that again , you be a dead man , do you understand ? he speak softly but he be quite shake . he then raise he voice ; he have have enough of all this mincing . right fella ! he shout to the sloane while drag the semi-conscious body of J up to use as a shield . before I go any further I be go to shoot you mate 's toe off ! no sooner say than do ; he toe go . the smoke problem repeat itself and J faint again , but a unfaze Dog continue . now if you want we to be go in two minute , open the fuck gate , now ! int . sloane ' sitting room - day charle he will probably kill we if we do . winston well , J will certainly get it if we do not ; he 's serious . look what he do to he toe . dog ( off ) right , he leg 's go now . winston all right , all fuck right , I be come . ( turn and whisper ) Willie , he do not know you be here , just sort something out , ok . Willie slink off with a `like what ? ' look on he face . int . sloane ' cage - day dog and all you friend , there 's a good lad . winston there be only three of we here . dog do you want I to take he leg off ? where 's the fourth ? winston I mean it , there be only three of we here . dog plank ? plank ( gurgle , gurgle ) yeah , one of they 's out . dog ok , open the gate . no sooner say than do . Dog hit one straight on Winston 's forehead with the butt of he gun and drag he to the stair . 97 int . sloane ' sitting room - day dog up boy , up , up . they reach the top of the stair . tie them up John and , plank , you come with I . where 's the money ? plank there , in that shoe box . Dog open they . there be nothing in they . if look could kill plank would be push up daisy . dog ( gun to the head of Winston ) where ? winston out the back . dog and the weed ? winston out the back . mick Point . winston with what ? mick you hand , now ! winston I can not , I be tie up . 98 mick well , well , shake you head or something . dog all right plank , get Paul out of the van . this be do on a walky talky . int . sloane ' back room - day the door open . Willie be wait behind it armed with a machete . he turn to he opponent and , eye shut for dutch courage , hack straight into Mick 's arm . Mick 's machine gun go off and William lose a finger as he try to push the barrel to the side . he start scream uncontrollably dog ( to plank ) give we you knife . Dog be go to put a end to this scream and be make he way to its source . William be silence through fear of the approach Dog and slump on the floor in a silence wreck , hold a bleed hand . ( the point of the blade rest on William 's throat ) enough ! Mick , how you do ? mick how do you think I be do ? he have fuck nearly chop my arm off . Dog 's attention be divert as he see a table full of cash , neatly pack and stack . paul ( in doorway visibly shocked Gordon bennett ! what 's be go on in here ? dog shut up , you idiot . you get the bag ? can you get it in ? paul there 's a lot here , all right . I do not think we will be able to get this all in the van . dog bollock , you will get it in even if you have to do two trip . ext . sloane ' house - day a traffic warden appear as Paul go outside to load up . traffic warden you get a ticket already and , if you do not move it now , sir , we will move it for you . paul I will only be a minute . traffic warden you have already be fifteen . Paul , realise that persuasion be futile , decide other mean be necessary to despatch this nuisance . he look down both side of the street : the coast be clear . paul look . go on , look . traffic warden at what , exactly ? paul my van be half full . traffic warden so ? paul so I have just get to put you in , and I be off . have make they way to the rear of the van , Paul open the back door . Paul smack the traffic warden on the side of the head . the momentum carry the warden into the van , unconscious . Paul have another quick look round and lift the warden 's leg up and push he deeper into the vehicle . int . sloane ' sitting room - day plank my neck , Dog . ( Dog show no sign of pity ) that 's the last bag ? dog ( turn to Mick . ) how about you ? all right ? mick I will be fine when ; have deal with this little shit . Mick grab the machete that be use to disable he and put down the machine gun . dog do it quietly . gloria , who have be forget by the sloane and unnotice by Dog and troop , have sit through the whole episode without apparently realise the gravity of the situation . she be kick -start into action by the sure demise of Willie . the machine gun have be place not too far away from she . she pick it up , and fire it into the already wounded body of Mick , who be almost instantaneously transformed into dog meat . gloria , who have find a gear that nobody probably not even herself , know exist , destroy everything she point at . body jump for cover and Winston and the rest close they eye and hope for the best . eventually the gun , which seem to have a limitless supply of lead , go quiet . we cut to close - up of everybody open they eye cautiously . look of relief come from everyone , not least the sloane . Dog , who be close , stand , walk straight up to she and punch she on the jaw gloria be knock out . what be that ? where do she come from ? that 's fuck it . tie she up . we be get out of here . ext . dog be house - day bacon eh , bunk we up over the wall . bacon force one of the window open . he look pleased and beckon the other over . they keep in contact with soap by cellular phone . int . dog be house - day eddy everything all right out there , Tom ? tom ( on phone ) right as rain . eddy where the hell be we suppose to hide ? Ed look into a almost empty room in which they be to find cover . he shrug , and go to sort himself out a cup of tea . soap what be you do , Ed ? eddy do you want one ? soap no I fuck do not ! you can not make a cup of tea , Edward . eddy why not ? the whole of the british Empire be build on cup of tea . soap and look what happen to that . eddy if you think I be go to war without one , you be mistaken , mate . int . dog be van - day Dog turn to admire a full van . traffic warden you will not get away with it . Dog turn around and see the tragic warden . dog Paul , what 's that ? paul that 's a traffic warden . dog ( look straight at Paul ) what 's he do in the van ? Dog and the other look at the tragic warden mercilessly paul he be about to call the cozzer . Paul hit he again , send he back into unconsciousness . dog we will deal with he later . ext . dog be house - day Tom be on the mobile phone . tom they be here . int . dog be house - day Dog open he door , enter the front room , dump he two bag down and be meet by a bleed plank ( who be grunt at ) and John , who be rub he chest . Dog sigh and turn to get more bag . the action start . it 's hard to tell who be who because of the balaclavas . the lad jump out of they position . bacon down , down , get fuck down now ' this be like d??vu . there be no response as the three of they seem not to believe what 's go on . bacon hit Dog with the butt of he gun , establish who 's boss . Dog do down with a thud . plank hit the floor immediately . ext . dog be house - day Paul enter , see trouble , drop he bag and prepare to run . he be meet by Tom who greet he with a smash round the kneecap with a lead pipe . this have more than the desire effect and Paul have to be drag in scream by Tom . it all go rather smoothly eddy tie them up , tape them up , face and mouth . key , I want the key . dog I will find you . bacon of course you will , sweetheart . this one , search this one . Ed find the key without any trouble . eddy I will meet you in the van when you have finish with handsome there . int . dog be van - day there be silence . for a few second all we can hear be the noise of they breathe . 107 tom well Jesus , that be not so bad , be it ? soap when the bottle in my arse have contract I will let you know . eddy Bacon , see what we get . bacon let 's have a butcher 's . Jesus , there 's lot of everything . we have get god know how much of this stinking weed ; we have get a shit load of cash ; and we have get a . . . traffic warden . tom a what ? bacon a traffic warden . look , what 's this ? he hold up the hat . tom shit Ed , we have get a traffic warden . pause . bacon I think he 's still alive . he 's get claret come out of he somewhere . what do they want with a traffic warden ? eddy I dunno , but I do not think we need he . dump he at the light . int . hatchet harry office - day hatchet it 's about time you give my young friend a visit , Chris . tomorrow be the day and mum seem to be the word , and I can not have that now , can I , Chris ? big CHRIS no Harry , you can not . int . dog be house - day Dog struggle free and unravel the tape from he head and get the other three out . dog Dead . Dead . I do not know who they think they could be , for I not to find them . of course I will find them . I do not give a fly fuck fish who they think they be . I will kill - fur and feather , burn wheel South African style , kebab them , peel them , slice them and dice ' they , hang draw and fuck quarter ' they . int . other van - night two van be park back to back . we see Ed and the boy put one last trunk into the back of the new van . eddy that 's it all do , we be off . soap you think it 's a good idea take it back to yours ? eddy there be nowhere else to keep it , and it 's the last place they be go to look . anyway the battle 's over and the war be win . Ed pass a handful of grass to Tom . Tom , take this to Nick , and let 's get rid of it , quick . int . rory breaker' office - night Nick have give the weed to rory for inspection . lenny have step in . lenny it be skunk . . . and it 's as good as it get . rory ok , I will take it off you ; half price . nick I do not think he will like that . you say three - five a key , that 's what he want and you know that 's a good price . rory breaker it be yesterday I say three and a half grand and today be today , if I be not mistaken . turn back to the tv . I will take it tomorrow for half price . if he want to move it quick he will take it . now , I have get another game come up in a minute so if you would be kind enough . point at the door . Nick exit . lenny , take this to snow White and the three little chemist ; they should have a gander at this . I want a proper opinion . 110 ext . sloane ' house - night lenny and Nathan , rory 's minder , pull up outside the sloane ' house to have the weed analyse . for the first time it be reveal that rory breaker own the sloane . lenny hold on ! nathan what ? lenny something 's not quite right here . go in slowly , Nathan . nathan fuck you funny man , you go first . int . sloane ' sitting room - night nathan shit ! Winston be tie up and squirming . winston for Christ 's sake , get we out . int . ed and bacon be house - night eddy well , not a bad day 's work . that take care of Harry . push a massive pile of note to one side . soap what 's leave over ? ' tom hold on , give we half a chance to count it . soap what about all the gear ? bacon ' ere , have a pull of this . pass Ed the joint . eddy I do not want that horrible shit . give it to soap . can we just lock up and get drunk now , please ? int . rory breaker' office - night we see Winston , Nathan and the torso of lenny , stand in front of rory like naughty schoolchild . winston we have the gate up but they stick a shotgun through . poor bloody J get shot ; it be a right mess . the gravity and reality dawns on rory . rory it will cost you more than you life 's worth if you jest with I . lenny some girl take one of them out , but he 's a bit of a mess . winston ( proudly j we shot one of they in the throat . 112 rory what do you want , a fuck medal ? I will shoot you in the fuck throat if I do not get the gear back . he pause , rub he forehead and continue , slightly calmer . you shot the one that 's in there now ? winston no , another one . rory this be more like it . so where 's he ? winston they take he with they ; he be still alive . rory well , what do you shoot he with , a air gun ? there be a embarrassed pause and a look of `how do you know ? ' rory do not need a answer and slap he forehead . winston we grow weed , we be not mercenary . rory you do not say . there be a pause while rory search for the right word . the silence be deafen . lenny ( stupidly ) who could it be ? where do we start , rory ? rory look up amaze . rory Mr breaker ! today my name be Mr breaker . you think_this be a coincidence ? not many , benny ! this white shite steal my goods and then think it be a good idea to sell it back to I . they get less brain than you , lenny . . . get Nick cum - bubble round here now if he be stupid enough to still be on this planet . int . dog be house - night Dog have all he boy round . dog I want you to search the house for bug . I mean I want you to strip it . JOHN what be the point in that ? even if it be a bug they would have take it with them . dog it be too late for you to start think John . it be a possibility and that be good enough for I . and after you strip the house , I want you to get every thieve slag this side of ceylon and torture they , badly . I want to know who be responsible , otherwise I will hold you responsible . int . jd' bar - night all kind of character have make a appearance . a game of card be in motion , the forfeit now be alcohol . barfly Jack the barman be sit at the table . they be already on the road to be comfortably comatose . tom rory breaker ? 114 barfly jack yeah , I know rory . this next section be subtitle . this be to keep everyone , even that familiar with cockney rhyme slang up to speed with the narration , of which even Tom be unsure . as with the police scene earlier this be a voice - over and we cut to the relevant scene . barflyjack ( voice - over ) rory 's get few interest in life ; darky music , football , bee and honey and kick the shit out of anyone that interfere with that shortlist . a few night ago rory 's Roger iron rusted , so he have go to the battle - cruiser to watch the end of a football game . nobody be watch the custard so he have turn the channel over . a fat man 's north open and he wander up and turn the liza over . ` now fuck off and watch it somewhere else . ' rory know claret be imminent , but he do not want to miss the end of the game ; so , calm as a coma , he stand and pick up a fire extinguisher and he walk straight past the jam roll who be ready for action , then he plonk it outside the entrance . he then order a aristotle of the most ping pong oddly in the nuclear sub and switch back to he footer . ` that 's fuck it , ' say the man . rory gob out a mouthful of booze cover fatty ; he flick a flame match into he bird 's nest and the man light up like a leak gas pipe . rory , unfaze , turn back to watch he game . the flame man and he chino run outside to extinguish the flame , and rory cheer on . his team win too , four-nil . ext . jd' bar - night after a while Ed see Daisy make a sneaky sharp exit and try to pursue she , run out on to the street . Daisy be nowhere to be see . 115 int . rory breaker' office - day Nick be blissfully ignorant of the situation . he be sit in front of rory . rory you one save grace might be you stupidity . nick ( look quite petrify ) er. rory do not fuck er I , Greek boy ! how be it that you so-fuck - stupid , soon - to - be -dead friend think they might be able to steal my gear ? and then sell it back to I ? be this a declaration of war ? be this some sort of white cunt ' joke that black cunt do not get ? ' cos I be not fuck laugh , nik-ol - as . nick er. rory there be four interest I have , Nick . football , music , money , and the annihilation of anybody who interfere with that shortlist . . . I know you could not have know my position because you be not so fuck stupid that if you do know , you would turn up here scratch you arse , with that `what 's go on here ' look slap on you chevy chase . but what you do know be where this people live . we look at the white face Nick . he do not open he mouth . the penny have drop . if you hold anything back , I will kill you . if you bend the truth , or if I think you be bend the truth , I will kill you . if you forget anything , I will kill you . in fact , you be go to have to work very hard to stay alive , Nick . I hope you understand everything I have say . because if you do not , I will kill you . now , Mr bubble and squeak . you may now enlighten I . int . dog be house - morning Paul , John , and plank be line up like naughty schoolchild in front of Dog , who be black - eye and piss off : dog so we have a bit of a problem , do not we ? JOHN er well , yes we do . dog in fact it be a little more than a bit of a problem , be not it ? you could say that in the scale of this thing this be the mount fuck everest of problem , could not you ? . . . and the reason it be such a mon fuck - strosity of a problem be because you do not have the first fuck idea who do this to we , do you ? plank Dog , we have be up all night . it 's no one round here ! we have have they all against the wall . JOHN if it be a toe rag from the area we would know . Dog start slapping he troops round they head . dog you would not know if it be the next - door fuck neighbour , you prick ! you find them , you hear ? and find them quick ! now get out and start look ! out ! out ! Dog lose he temper and throw plank across the room . plank 's head break effortless iy through the wall . int . ed and bacon' cupboard - morning a dust -cover plank blink in confusion as he look on to a heap of recording equipment . int . jd' bar - day recovering from the night before . bacon scarface , I have watch scarface . you want to know how to do a drug deal , you watch scarface ! eddy that inspire confidence , that do . tom this guy rory breaker can afford to do the deal at the price we be sell . it 's not worth he give we trouble ; he know we would be a pain in the arse , and who want a pain in the arse ? soap I would take a pain in the arse for half a million . tom you would take a pain ? the arse full stop . soap Tom , the fatter you get , the sadder you get . eddy Jesus , would you two stop flirt for one minute . . . after we pay hatchet , this deal put we up near enough two hundred grand each . not bad for a day 's work , I think you will agree . 118 int . spltt screen . nick's house - day a seventies - style split screen . a very shaky Nick answer he cartoon telephone . nick yeah ? int . dean's house - day dean that 's no way to answer the phone . nick be that you , Dean ? dean sure be . nick what can I do for you ? dean you know that shotgun I sell ya , well I need them back . nick not likely I be afraid ; I do not think I will be see they again . dean I get the money to pay for them . nick I be sure you do , but I do not think you understand ; I be not go to see they or the gun again . Gary look at Dean . 119 dean if we can not get them , we can not get them . int . split screen . hatchet harry office - day . Barry be on he mobile , moment later . barry you fuck well have to get them ! int . dean be - day dean we make a deal for everything inside the cabinet . barry Inside , out -fuckin' - side . I do not give a shit , you get that gun because if you do not . . . dean yeah , bazza , what ? barry you hear of Harry lonsdale ? otherwise know as back - you - up with - a- hatchet Harry , infamous for he removal of digit ? Dean pause for a while , a look of concern come over he face . well this be ` James bond need to know ' time . they be he ! when you dance with the devil you wait for the song to stop , know what I mean ? hatchet have have enough . he grab the phone from Barry 's hand , wave the infamous fifteen - inch big black cock in the other hand . hatchet go on to put the shit up the scouser . hatchet do you know who I be ? I be split in two ; there be I , and there be my patience , and patience have go to the hospital ; you be not far behind , know what I mean ? I mean , find ' they , torture them , kill them , and bring back what belong to I , because if you do not . . . you be . . . bang . . . in trouble . hatchet slam the phone down . Dean look at Gary in horror . gary who be that ? dean that be hatchet horrible Harry . gary Jesus , I have hear about he . dean we be in the spite . they be he fuck gun that we sell ; we gotta find them . Dean dial Nick immediately . no fuck about , Nick ; where can I find that gun ? int . ed and bacon be house - day Dog and boy have make a large hole in the connect cupboard wall which they have crawle through . Dog be hold a large bag which he have find . JOHN Dog , I have find the cash ! dog the stupid bastard ! Count it ! JOHN shit , Dog , there 's a lot . do not you want to do this next door ? dog we be not go next door until we have flay this dead man walk . Count it out the back . I do not want they see you finger that money as soon as they walk in . JOHN but ... ( interrupt ) give it we here , you dozy sod . you hide and get the gun ready . wait until they be well in , then give it to them . int rory breaker' office - day rory breaker be amass he troops and prepare to go round to Ed 's . rory breaker we be go to do a proper decoration job . I want the grey sky of London illuminate ; I want that house paint red . Winston here be come along , see if he can recognize any of them , then we bring what 's mine back here . watch out for this fella ; they have get a bit of arsenal and they do not mind use it . now you know what you be do , yes ? ext . ed and bacon be house - day Big Chris and Little Chris be wait outside . Dog 's gang be wait for Ed 's gang inside . rory 's gang be go to Ed 's . 122 int . rory breaker be van - day six heavy - look black guy be load they weapon . int . ed and bacon be house - day Dog 's gang be also load they weapon and conceal themselves among the furniture . Dog be count out the money in the side room and have the two antique hammer - lock shotgun rest on the table in front of he , which be find with the rest of the bounty . ext . ed and bacon be house - day rory 's boy stop the van outside Ed 's and back up to Ed 's front door . the rear van door be open when it be completely flush and lenny ( with gun ) prepare to do he worst . int . ed and bacon be house - day there be a loud bang and the front door disappear . in its place be a large black man point a even larger machine gun . nobody seem to be at home ; it appear to be quite a anti-climax . a long pause follow as both gang do not quite know what to do . rory 's guy jump over the machine gun to explore further . plank ( under he breath ) what the fuck be go on here ? Dog 's lot be confuse as to why this guy appear to have break into they own home , carry weapon of mass - destruction and look to use they . we cut to a close - up of plank 's pov under the sofa . he can see numerous pair of boot and they be multiply . at last plank can not take any more ; he finger 's shaking too much on the trigger . bang . ' ext . ed and bacon be house - day we see the window shatter from the outside as bullet hail through . int . ed and bacon be back room - day Dog , who be count the spoil in the adjoin room , be more than aware of the seriousness of the situation . he quickly close he suitcase of money and grab the two old gun , open the adjoin door , get splatter in blood and smoke and quickly close it . he then check he escape route out of the front window and exit . Dog look quite pleased with himself as he still have the money and he life , and be hold the infamous gun in each hand like a mexican bandit . ext . ed and bacon be house - day Big Chris , watch the house , intrigue and interested by all the activity , have make he way closer , and low and behold : look what walk straight into he . big CHRIS get something here for I , have ya ? ( Dog be stunne by this ) come on , chop chop . before Dog have a chance to use the shotgun Chris grab one in each hand and knock Dog down with a swift headbutt . Dog moan , not know what day of the week it be . Chris open the case , see it 's full of money , take the two shotgun , then leave . thank you very much . on reach the car he give the case to he son , put the gun on the back seat . Count that son , and put you seatbelt on . int . scouser ' car - day dean follow that car , Gary ; he 's get the fuck gun . int . ed and bacon be house - day Ed 's place have be shot to piece . only rory and Winston ( in shock ) seem to be leave . rory be throw the bag of weed into the back of he van , then he kick over one of the body . it 's a blood - cover plank . rory breaker this be one of they . Winston nod in confirmation . lucky , that . bang ' bang ! plank ( to rory 's surprise ) still have a load gun . rory and plank despatch each other simultaneously . int . ed' car ( moving ) - day Tom , Bacon , Ed and soap look hang -over Ed be drive . 126 tom there 's six black cock sit on the side of the road . how many beak have they get between they ? soap six . tom how many wing have they get between they ? soap twelve . tom how many foot ? soap er , well , twelve . tom that 's right . so how many whisker have the little white kitten get ? soap how the fuck should I know ? tom how come you know so much about black cock and so little about white pussy ? ] the end of this joke be interrupt by a van swerving past they , dangerously close . the lad lodge a complaint and then they stop outside Ed and Bacon 's so that they can pick up the money . * cut from complete film . 127 ext . ed and bacon be house - day bacon what have be go on here ? they look into a smoking , blood -cover house . soap the money , the gear ! tom that 's fuck it . what do we do now ? no money , no weed ; it 's all be swap for a pile of corpse . soap ok , do not panic ; let 's think about this . eddy bollock ! you can think about it for as long as you like . I be panic and I be off mate . int . hatchet harry office corridor - day Big Chris be about to walk in to hatchet 's office . the door open and out walk John o'driscoll with a serious sunburn . big CHRIS hello , John . Nice holiday ? JOHN o'driscoll I will not be see you again Chris ; I have pay he every last penny . big CHRIS I be sure you have , no one be accuse you of be dishonest , John . 128 hatchet ( off ) that you , Chris ? int . hatchet harry office - day hatchet how do you get you hand on this ? he drop a vagina- shape penis massager , realise that this be the gun he have be after . he then try desperately to conceal he excitement . big CHRIS the boy have them . I know you like this thing ; wonder if you want they ? hatchet er , yeah , sure , I will have them . barry be it any trouble get the money ? big CHRIS well , not especially , but they seem to of upset a few character . hatchet have you count the money ? big CHRIS yeah , it 's all there , to the pound . hatchet they be go to pay , then ? big CHRIS it look like ? , but who know ? the opportunity be there . in my experience it be best to take the opportunity if it be there . hatchet good job , Chris . Chris exit , push he wage into he inside packet . Harry be ecstatic about the gun and start chuckle to himself . ext . hatchet harry office - day the scouser watch Big Chris walk out of hatchet 's empty -hande dean we gotta get that gun . gary this be dangerous shit , Dean ; we do not even know who life in there . dean listen , I do not care who life in there ; all as I know it 's get to be preferable to death by hatchet . gary furry muff , let 's go . ext . ed' car ( static ) - day soap I hope this be the right move . eddy it 's either that , my old boy 's place , and we lose a digit daily . I be go to call he . bacon as if he will care . 130 eddy he will care all right . that be go to be he money . whether he care about we be different . pass you phone . bacon think about what you be go to say , Ed ; we be on thin ice . int . hatchet harry staircase - day the two scouser with gun in hand creep they way up the stair . there 's only one door in front of they . Dean get ready to kick it open . Gary lean against the wall and deliver a professional - style kick . int . hatchet harry office - day Harry be in he offtce play with he gun . the phone ring . hatchet that you , boy ? eddy ( on phone ) it 's Ed , if that 's what you mean . hatchet it 's pay day , be not it ? eddy ( on phone ) I want to talk to you about that . hatchet I bet you do . I have get half a million nicker sit in front of I , which mean that some poor sod do not . you must have upset a few people , boy . . . but that be not really my concern , be it ? but what do concern I be the gun you have . I want to talk to you about that . get you arse over here now , and I do mean now ! int . ed' car - day Ed put the phone down after a pause . his state of shock be obvious to the rest of the lad . bacon well ? eddy well what ? tom ( impatiently ) well , what do he say ? eddy he say he think we have pay he , and he want to talk about that gun . . . now . soap you what ? what be you on about ? eddy listen , if he have the gun he might have the money . . . I think we should go and see he . bacon I think you be a sandwich short of a picnic , mate ; you want to start make sense . 133 int . hatchet harry office - day we cut to a time lapse . hatchet put down the phone while rest he bum on the front of he desk . he be ecstatic with the gun . he load and play with they , aim at imaginary move bird . the door be suddenly kick wide open and , lo and behold , there be a scouser stand in the door . Dean have a thousand ugly thought fly through he troubled mind , most of which be base a regret the decision to kick this door in : `shit , what the hell be that , and why be he hold a shotgun ' . hatchet realize that the man stand in the doorway ( who be pose like De niro in the poster of taxi Driver , hold a gun in each hand ) have nor come to deliver the mail . the pair be blissfully unaware that employee have meet employer . hatchet Harry have effectively contract he own demise . the pause be eventually shattered by reality there be a rush to pull they individual triggers . there be a race between the two bullet to reach they prospective target . both barrel be emptied into Dean 's chest . the scourer be airborne by the sheer power of the cartridge . one of Dean 's bullet , find its way into Harry 's shoulder . Gary can do nothing to stop this atrocity . he watch helplessly as he pal fly clean past he . overtaken by emotion or fear , Gary charge in , gun blaze , and proceed to perforate hatchet who be now unarm . hatchet fly over he desk . Gary come into the room to finish the job and fire one last bullet into hatchet , who be lie on the chair side of he desk . it be then reveal that Barry be sit in he chair behind the door . the scourer can not see Barry and Barry can not see Gary 's face . Barry throw the hatchet that be sit next to he in a butcher 's block . it hit Gary in the back . Gary spin round fire wildly and lodge a bullet in Barry 's stomach . it be then clear to they both that this have all be a terrible mistake . barry / gary what be you do here ? then both collapse into dead lump on the floor . ext . hatchet harry office ed' car - day eddy you and I , Tom . tom what do you mean , I ? they stand outside hatchet 's door and be just about to ring it when Tom notice it 's open . int . hatchet harry office - day eddy oh Jesus , not again . the two pause while they build they confidence . they enter hatchet Harry 's room . it 's still smoky . there on the table be the money . tom that 's it , I be off . Ed tiptoe over to the bag contain the money . eddy Tom , this be we case . tom . . . what ? eddy this be we money , Tom ! . . . now I think we should go . Tom see he gun . his eye widen in surprise . tom I will meet you in the car . I be take this gun . 136 eddy Tom , do not mess around , let 's go . tom I '11 meet you in the car . eddy Tom ? tom I will only be a minute . ext . hatchet harry office / chris' car - day big CHRIS a job well do son ; we make a few quid out of that one . as he put the key in the ignition , there be no reply from he little boy big CHRIS Son ? dog make a few quid , do ya ? now where be it ? we can not see Dog but we can see the sharp side of a knife rest along the front of Little Chris 's throat . the Dog be lying down in the back . Big Chris assess the situation . big CHRIS you all right back there , mate ? dog very fuck funny . where 's what I want ? big CHRIS it 's in a office ; I have just leave it in the office . 137 dog well , you have better go and get it from the office . that 's if you want to see you son reach he next birthday . now chop-fuckin' - chop . big CHRIS all right , furry muff . Big Chris do not seem too bother by this problem . he shrug and start the car . dog what be you do ? big CHRIS well , it 's a five minute walk or a thirty second drive . dog you have better be careful . Big Chris start he car up , look across to make sure that Little Chris have get he seatbelt on and pull out on to the road . he get faster and faster until Dog poke he in the shoulder with he knife . Chris pull hard to the leave and ram into the nearest park vehicle . bang ' Dog go fly forward , hit the windscreen . int . ed' car ( static ) outside hatchet harry office - day another time lapse . soap well , what 's go on ? eddy I do not know , but what I do know be that there 's no more Harry , which mean there 's no more debt , and if there 's no more debt there 's no more problem , and there 's no more problem with we neighbour because they be all dead . I think , if I get this right , we have not do anything wrong anyway , which mean we be in the clear . bang ! Big Chris 's car hit they straight in the rear . the bag of cash go fly through the car , landing on the dash . the lad be knock unconscious . int . chris' car ( now static ) - day Big Chris , have remove the knife from a stunne Dog , proceed to smash he head against the dash and have the most amount of fun in do so . big CHRIS never , never , not as long as I can remember have anybody be as rude to I as you have . Dog be be throw around like a rag doll . int . side room to interrogation room - present , open scene we be look through a two - way mirror . serg do not think I would not like to get rid of you ; but before I do , I need to know what 's go on , Edward . eddy if you think you be in the dark , I be in a black hole , blindfolded . the camera spin round to see the traffic warden stand with a policeman . there be a long pause far consideration . eventually he shake he head . traffic warden no , that 's not one of they . the policeman then knock on the door . int . interrogation room - day the serg look round to see the policeman . they exit and Ed be leave on he own . after a short pause the door burst open . serg all right son , you be outta here ! and you want to stay outta here . fade in to black . fade in . int . jd' bar - night all the lad be sit in the bar . Ed be talk to Tom who be interested in whatever he have to say . eddy the traffic warden go to the morgue and recognize Dog and he lot so that put we sort of in the clear . they get no case against we because there be no evidence against we . bacon apart from that shotgun . eddy and Tom take care of they . pause while Tom look embarrassed about something . soap you do take care of the gun , do not you , Tom ? Ed look at Tom , who look even more embarrassed . tom I want to talk to you about that . bacon well , talk . tom well not exactly , no ; I get them sit in the car , actually ; I think we might sell they back to the Greek , but I be have a bit of a problem get hold of he . bacon you dippy bastard . eddy the only item that connect we with the crime be sit in you car which be sit outside ? tom we pay seven hundred quid for that gun . they could hardly trace they to you , could they ? soap I do not think we will take the risk for seven hundred quid . eddy Tom , go and throw that gun off a bridge . bacon and , throw yourself off while you be at it . soap now , Tom ! there be a pause . altogether now , Tom ! Tom leave , look a little sulky . eddy the silly sod . Big Chris walk in . he approach the bar . big CHRIS jd . jd Chris . ( pause ) you come to collect something , Chris ? should I have something for you ? big CHRIS nope . jd can I help ? big CHRIS I think I can help you , as it happen . jd yes ? big CHRIS I have get something for ya . well , for you boy , actually . jd well , I suggest you speak to he , then . they all look rather shocked . he be carry they bag and he place it on the table , which increase the shock factor . big CHRIS it seem that hatchet under - estimate you lot and that seem to have cost he . . . I be not go to make the same mistake , be I ? I have decide to bring you bag back . pause . the word you be look for start with thank you . eddy thank you . big CHRIS now you have present I with a problem . I do not have a employer any more . so I have take care of myself and my son , and if you think that be unfair you just come and pay I a little visit ; but you better be wave the white flag high and clear , otherwise it will be the last little visit you lot ever make . . . that 's all I have to say . it 's be emotional . Big Chris turn to walk out . the lad stare at the bag and then at each other . ext . jd' bar - night Big Chris walk out into the street . we see a shiny new sport car . Little Chris be sit in the passenger seat . big CHRIS that should take care of that lot . we be now officially in the money - loaning business , all right , son ? little CHRIS all right , dad . big CHRIS well , put you seatbelt on then . int . jd' bar - night Ed go forward to open the case . the rest be still in shock . Ed open the bag . eddy there 's nothing in it ! soap what do you mean ? eddy I mean it 's fuck empty . bacon lunge forward and stare in . he stick he hand in and extract a a4 envelope . they look puzzle . Ed feel the package and start to tear the top off . as this be do it create a split screen . on the other side of the picture , Tom be on a London bridge with the car boot open . he look at the gun with regret and give they one last polish . then he fold the gun up and place they on top of a handrail . simultaneously Ed extract a sotherby 's brochure on shotgun . they still look confuse . they turn the brochure upside down and recognize the shotgun . slowly they start to turn the page . torn push the shotgun over the top rail : they fall . he start walk but stop for some reason . he retread he step and peer over ; the gun have just fall on to a shelf . Ed see the price of the gun : a series of alarming zoom cut between eye and price . they panic and reach for they mobile phone . Tom be climb over the bridge now and have to hold on to the rail with one arm . Ed start scream at the other two that the number be engage and ask they to put they phone down . Tom now have one hand on the gun and one on the rail . his mobile phone start to ring in he top pocket ; he have either to drop the gun or let go of the rail to answer the phone . the shot freeze .