logans run screenplay by David Zelag goodman producer : saul David director : Michael Anderson production Design : Dale hennesy revise : April 30 , 1975 please note the crystal will be used in the left hand of all character . fade in : before and during title 1 ext . - sky night the moon and star be visible , but as camera look down , the screen fill with dark , billow cloud . camera move into the cloud and just as they blank out the screen , a distant shimmer of light become visible . move toward it , the shimmer become 2 ext . - dome of glass - night a glow but not transparent structure stretch off into the cloud that press it . camera continue to move in until the detailed structural webbing of the dome fill the screen and then camera move through it and we see 3 ext . - the CITY - day shine below the dome ( which we now see as a series of dome - like structure stand off without end ) -a marvelous crystalline city of great openness , building cluster , green plaza , fountain ... multi-level but human scale , crisscross by the flicker clear tube of the maze - car . 4 closer angle - rooftop as a maze - car slide softly to a stop . 5 rooftop - the runner the hatch open and a man in a hurry leave the maze - car and run swiftly along the rooftop and disappear into a open elevator which instantly start to descend . 6 int - residence plaza - the elevator from a busy courtyard below we watch the elevator slide down from a great height . as it reach the courtyard the runner dart out , push into the crowd . 7 out 8 with the runner as he reappear around a corner , skirt a brim pool and make for a kind of broad corridor which seem to lead out of the courtyard . he be move even faster now , glance back as if he fear pursuit . 9 another angle - corridor above , at the railing of a oval light well , dress in black and silver , a figure hold a odd look weapon lazily in one hand -- and watch . it be francis . 10 with the runner move rapidly down the corridor , he suddenly stop as if feel the presence above . he look up , see the sandman and he face break in terror . he wheel , frantic , scream , run back into the hall . 11 the sandman ( francis ) vault the rail , drop lightly to ground level , weapon poise . 12 p.o.v . the crowd melting , parting to reveal the runner back against the pool . people be yelling , shaking they fist , terribly excited and fearful . 13 the sandman emotionless . aim . fire . 14 the runner - close seem to burst aflame in the lens , then slip below frame to reveal Francis saunter forward , holster he weapon . the crowd close in behind he , applaud , congratulate he . 15 the sandman arrive at the pool where the body lie , half immerse . he lean over , lift the right hand from the water , revealing a palm with a black flowercrystal shape in it . he let the hand fall back now as the crowd cheer and applaud he . 16 extreme close up - hand - in the water - ( insert ) close in until the crystal fill the screen . match dissolve to : ( title end ) 17 close up - crystal - ( insert ) clear , sparkling , flower - like . camera pull back to reveal 18 int . - nursery corridor the crystal be in the hand of a sleep infant who be behind glass in one of many cubicle . stand outside , look in , logan , dimly light in the soft glow of the cubicle where the sleep infant lie , swaddle and coccoon in the rosy auto-tender which cater to the baby 's every need . faint music bubbles like distant laughter . 19 out 19x1 logan Logan be twenty - five , strong , virile ( yet sensitive ) with a kind of austere grace . he be somewhat manic ... proud ... as he peer through the nursery window into a kind of foam cocoon which cradle three sleeping infant . Logan be knocking on the soundless glass . logan wake up ... come on , Logan - 6 . 19x2 francis enter . francis ( shaking he head in mild , mock disbelief ) you be here . I could not believe it when they tell I . what be you do ? logan ( still knock on the soundless glass ) turn this way . ( as one of the infant stir , smile , bubbles ) no , no ... not you ... you ! Francis try to pull Logan away from the window , but Logan be intent on waking one of the infant . francis you should have see I take my last runner ... perfect . ( Logan continue to pound the soundless glass ) I back he up against a residence pool and when he terminate ... he hand ... ( break off as Logan be pay no attention ) so now you have see he ... what 's the difference awake or asleep ? logan ( to infant ) open you eye once , idiot . ( to Francis ) it 's not every day that a sandman son be bear . I be tell you , Francis - that 's he ! francis maybe , maybe not . what 's the difference ? come on , Logan , let 's get out of here before everybody find out . but Logan be not move . Francis get a idea . francis okay ... you really want to wake he up ? Francis start to pry at the panel ... know it will sound a alarm . logan hey , cut that out ! too late : there be a SOUND of alarm chime . the area in which they stand be bath in a violet glow . Logan grab Francis firmly and stop he from pry at the panel : logan now you have do it ... the chime stop ... but the glow continue , a metallic voice be hear : voice break - in scanner report intrusion , identify . logan Logan -5 ... Francis -7 , authorize duty quadrant . intrusion accidental . voice clear Logan - 5 and Francis - 7 . the violet light go off . francis ( with affection : to Logan ) have enough ? logan ( look at the infant ) even the alarm do not wake he . as Francis start out : logan ( one last look ; join Francis ) all right , Francis ... I be with you . they move off down the corridor ... the light behind they dimming as they pass cubicle suffuse with soft pink light , child automatically tend . chime ... soft . a lullaby and a soothing impersonal voice . voice sleep time ... go to sleep . sleep time , little one . as they exit nursery ... Logan stop and take one final look backward . francis you need a lift . let 's go to arcade and celebrate ... ( teasing tone ) you alert successor ... Logan - 6 . logan have anyone ever break in to where the baby be ? francis ( put a card key into a door which open soundlessly ) not in my time ... they move through the door which close . 20 ext . - maze station - night they be now on a kind of enclose platform with widely space doorway , each glow faintly . they pause , wait . francis ( peer at Logan curiously ) why ? logan just wonder ... what happen ? francis ( shrug ) dunno ... flameout maybe . whatever happen , you can bet it 's final . but who would want to find out ? one of the doorway brighten and the word arcade _ appear on it . the two man move to the spot as a maze - car stop . they enter it through the doorway which dim behind they as the maze - car whooshes softly off into a kind of twilight . 21 int . - maze - car - logan and francis the door slide shut . they sink into seat form which yield to they . they move off . 22 ext . - maze - car move through the city at terrific speed . give we glimpsis of the city as it go . slow finally as we see : 23 the CITY - featuring arcade brightly light , garish . we get only a glimpse as the maze - car disappear into a tunnel . 24 maze -car station - arcade as the maze - car stop , open and Logan and Francis exit into a gather crowd . 25 full shot - arcade glitter , crowded . throng of people move on many level , some walk , some on move platform . it 's the great White Way , luna Park -- you name it . gaudy booth and entrance , feature every delight -- too much to take in at a glance . 26 with logan and francis as they thread they way through a crowd which admire they when it notice they , across hall and up move platform , the good -nature argument continue ... logan but you do not know , you just say what everyone say . one for one . one for one . " francis well , why no !? that 's exactly how everything work . how else could the city stay in balance - you have a better idea ? logan ( laugh ) no , but at least I wonder sometimes -- instead of do that " one for one " song of yours . you sound like a sleepteacher with a stick tape . francis well the minute you get a better idea you can stop wonder . ( beat ) you know , Logan -- you wonder a lot . too much for a sandman they be pass the facade of a relive shop the sign urging people to : relive you most precious memories . do it again and again ! refresh and renew anytime !! as they cross the entrance , two man come out , grin broadly , fall into step just ahead of Logan and Francis . then one of the man stop abruptly , almost collide with they . he mumble a apology and start back to relive . as he disappear into the relive shop , he friend shrug cheerfully to Logan and Francis and move on . 27 arcade - another angle - new you they be move past a shop call new you # 483 when a man come cannonade out , thrilled and excited . he rush over to a pretty young woman who have be eying Logan and Francis , plant himself in front of she with he hand frame he face . man well ? how do you like it ? woman ( critically ) I do not know . the cheek maybe ... look a little - man cheek ? cheek ? right . too much , you think ? woman too little . man too little ? ( gesture ) too little . okay , wait for I . and he dart back into new you # 483 . the woman shrug , glance around , smile and go off with a passer - by . 28 arcade - another angle - love shop Signs promise love , fulfillment , rare delight . people stream in and out . a woman come out look glaze , breathe " yes ...yes ... " as she pass camera Logan and Francis emerge from the crowd and camera move with they . logan do you ever see Francis - 8 ? francis ( shaking he head ) I never even visit nursery before tonight . ( beat ) when you wonder , it slow you up -- you know ? they be now pass the facade of hallucimill where the sign promise : lift off , crazy lift , super lift ... here the people go in be simply excited but the one come out be clearly stone out of they mind ... francis I do not know what make you so curious . you have any idea who he seed - mother be ? logan ( quickly ) of course not ! I m curious , not sick . ( laugh ) the crowd be grow denser , funnel into a kind of passageway . Logan and Francis be swallow up in the group . 29 full shot - arcade great hall a immense room into which the stream of people come from the entertainment area be mingling . there be a general air of anticipation stir the crowd as camera singles out Logan and Francis enter , wave to friend . camera close in on they just as they reach a beautiful woman who be obviously pleased to see Francis . they embrace , and as they break : francis and that 's my friend , Logan . ( as she acknowledge the introduction ) we be celebrate he next in line . carousel - arcade - who know ? want to come along ? woman ( smile , shake she head ) only if I make it to the top of carousel . ( she hold up she hand ) thirty -- and the big spin . in she palm the crystal blink , red , black . Francis nod , give she a half - squeeze . francis you be thirty -- already ? I always think I be older than you - ( beat ) well , give it a good try . woman ( pleasantly ) you know I always have . another beautiful woman join they . 2 nd woman ( to the first ) sorry I will not be at carousel tonight . it 's my Love - shop turn . woman that 's all right . happy turn . 2 nd woman you will renew . I have get a feel . woman ( smile ) so do I ... but if I do not at least I will have the ultimate thrill . I would almost rather have that than renew . 2 nd woman I feel the same way . sometimes I think I be not even go to try and renew when my time come . but -- that 's three year away . so long . the 2nd woman walk away . francis ( after a beat ; to first woman ) it 's be nice . woman um-huh . they look briefly and then she turn away . Francis take Logan 's arm and they move off . francis I guess you never have she ? Logan shake he head . francis you miss something special . logan well ... you can not have they all . logan and francis ( together , it 's a old joke ) but you can try . they laugh , but the laughter be break as a trio of youngster , move with erratic speed of lightning , smashes between they , almost knock Francis over . he reel , Logan catch he and they recover in time to see the trio rip wildly through the crowd , knock people down , scream with shrill joy as they disappear . francis the damned yellow be get out of hand . that three ought to be in Cathedral . no business scramble in arcade ... logan ( laugh cuff Francis ' arm ) what a old , old man you be get to be , Francis . be not you ever a yellow ? I bet you be even wilder than - ( he break off as the light in the great Hall dim ) -- come on , sandman . the two of they start to move to the far end of the great Hall . 30 full shot - great hall as everyone begin to move to the far end , where great curtain have parte to reveal 31 arcade great hall - carousel entrance ac the far end of the hall , where the throng be a huge crystal design ornament a entrance the crystal be red and pulsing rhythmically to the accompaniment of a deep and thrill tone . as we move toward it with Logan and Francis , the tone deepen , the great pulse take on a hypnotic quality ... 32 with logan and francis in the crowd they overtake a fellow sandman , daniel , and fall in step with he . when they speak now , they voice be hushed . logan you should have be with we in nursery , Daniel . I be positive I recognize he - francis ( hustling Logan ) come on . I do not want to miss the filing - in . there will be some I know tonight , I think ... daniel ( glance at he own red crystal , nod ) yes . I , too . you know we be both on monitor tonight . francis damn ! that 's right . just when I feel like a all out blast in arcade . logan want I to take you shift ? I be feel restless anyway Francis glance at he , exchange a look with Daniel . they vanish into the throng pass under the great crystal , turn the corner and we see 33 full shot - carousel frame in a huge corridor we see a steep - sided arena drop down to a shadowy center , which even now pulsate and flicker in change dimension , but always maintain the jewel - flower shape . there be one entrance into the center -- a kind of ramp from below the seat , lead directly into the mysterious bowl -- just now the seat 's be fill , and the sense of expectation build people sit and immediately crane they neck , wait ... 34 . another angle feature Logan and Francis as they find place in the arena . like the other , they crane upward . as they do , Logan gesture at a number of pretty girl who be just be seat . logan now there 's a few who could have be he seed - mother . francis only a few ? you be just not try . 35-36 out 37 panning the crowd as the seat fill , the excitement build . suddenly the light begin to dim and dim ... SOUND : a kind of collective sigh , breathe in unison ... 38 out 38x1 angle the tier below the seat suddenly visible , the lastday group . they arm be upraise and in each palm the crystal blink red-black , red-black . 39 the crowd transfix , grip with a religious fervor . 40 lastday group hand still raise , filing slowly into the mysterious well of carousel . 41 crowd tense , beginning nervous applause here and there . 42 carousel as the last one enter , beginning to glow and , as it do , the bowl slowly put out leave like some great plant , enfold and hide the people within a series of translucent petal . as the last one enfold they the Light intensify , the exterior surface seem to shift as if a kind of motion be beginning inside it ... 43 crowd visible in the grow Light from carousel - grip with passion and excitement , applauding , gesture as they see 44 carousel move , band of light seem to spiral upward like a contain aurora as the carousel pick up speed . 45 logan caught up in it like the rest . 46 carousel beginning to blur with its own speed . through the shifting , spiraling curtain of light we see body move in a kind of weightlessness , always struggle to move higher . follow a shadowy form as it move , twist through other writhe shadow -- upward , upward . suddenly the form be spread -eagle , and in a moment it be sharply outline against the swirl canopy and then -- a searing flash . and it be go . SOUND : crowd in a frenzy -- scream . 47 full angle - the bleacher crowd - favoring logan stand . scream they cheer as : 48 full shot - up at carousel High , reach downward out of the shadow beneath the dome , fring , intersect rainbow band appear , looping the swirl upper carousel like saturn 's ring . now we see figure reach outward toward they ... reach and miss and fall - downward against the curtain and the flash of extinction . 49 medium angle - a man at the high level ... strain for the rainbow ... 50 sweeping pan shot - the bleacher crowd hysterical ... start to chant ... crowd renew ! the man continue to strain : crowd renew ! 51 close angle - the man almost a blur ... but still strain : crowd' chant renew ! 52 close on - logan and francis logan and francis ( chant with the rest ) renew ! 53 close angle - the man the blur ... but still there ... strain with all he might for the rainbow ... crowd' chant re ... suddenly , the man ... topple into the whirling blackness below ... where he be instantly incinerate . 54 wide angle - the carousel whirl - whirling - the rainbow shine . 55 wide angle - the bleacher orgiastic pleasure -- a Spanish crowd at a perfect kill -- scream , fulfil . 56 out 57 full angle - the carousel other figure move to the topmost level ... strain for the rainbow band . 58 close on - logan and francis as the scream go on in the b.g. of the shut ... we hear a buz noise . Logan reach into a pocket and take out a small , dark plastic box . Logan look at the box . on it we see : man : relive store 14 logan ( to Francis ) look like I be work . Francis stand . logan who invite you ? francis I be in my party mood . Logan smile . . . and the camera pan they rush out of the bleacher . they make they way into the hall . Logan take out the small plastic box . we can tell from he face that he be disappointed ... until a faint beeping SOUND emanate from the box . Francis watch as Logan wheel in one direction ... the beep stop . he turn in another direction ... again , there be no beep . as Logan turn in a third direction ... the beeping commence . Logan and Francis move swiftly in that direction and the beeping grow louder ... and louder ... until Logan and Francis see : 59 - 59x11 wide angle - a man run . chase : inter CUT between Logan and Francis follow the run man in the great hall ... empty . we can hear the crowd scream in carousel offstage . A. Logan and Francis separate ... to encircle the run man . B . the run man turn a corner and for a moment Logan can not see he . C . as Logan turn the corner ... Francis be on the other side and fire at the run man ... just missing he . D. Francis wink at Logan as he pursue the run man up a ramp and Logan get it : a little cat and mouse be in order . ( note : the chase will be the director' option . ) E. Logan fire ... just miss the man ... Francis fire again . . . just miss , too . F . the man be in a panic as he continue up the ramp ... to various level and area . G. both barrel ( of Logan and Francis ' respective gun ) glow again as they FIRE ... with both just miss the run man once more . h . the man 's face be craze ... and sweat ... the mouse be go berserk as he have be chase to a high level . I . he stand freeze , petrify , drive to the edge of a high balcony by the shot -- teeter now . he be in full sight of Logan , Francis be across the hall . J . the runner¹s face . he look at death twenty foot away -- Logan aim . k . Francis , watch , smile at the perfect moment . L. Logan 's face . a shadow of think , a hesitation . M. the runner lunge . Logan fire , miss . n. Francis fire a salvo , drive the runner back to the rail where he teeter again , throw he hand in front of he face and plunge . the scream in carousel reach a peak . 59x12 - 63x1 out 63x2 with logan as he arrive at the dead body of the runner , bend over he , turn the man 's leave hand up . we see the flower crystal . Black . Logan take out he transceiver . 63x3 insert transceiver a man 's face visible . Logan check it against the face of the dead man . they be not the same . 63x4 another angle as Francis come up , wait . Logan move the transceiver to the dead man 's face , rest it on he forehead . 63x5 insert transceiver readout : the word appear : ident . affirm .... new you # 483 alteration 63x6 logan scowl for a moment , then shrug . he take out a small flat pouch and methodically strip from the body its few personal thing , stuff they into the pouch . then he eye be catch by the man 's right hand , clench . Logan open it . a metal ankh on a bit of chain . it mean nothing to Logan who stuff it into the pouch and close it . now again he fiddle with the transceiver , speak into it softly . logan runner terminate 0:31 ( a beat ) ready for cleanup . done with he job , he rise to face Francis . logan ( smile ) that be a great shot you make . francis yes. ( beat ) but you look a little rusty to I -- what be you do , wonder ? Logan shrug . he 's not sure himself . together they walk off down the hall , pass camera 63x7 another angle we see in the distance , a pair of stickmen descend into the hall , riding through the air on they odd vehicle , pass overhead then descend . one hover not far away as the other come down , hang a few foot over the body . 63x8 1st stickman and body the driver make sure he 's in position , then press a button on one of the arm of the vehicle . there be a broad spray of vapor from the bottom which cover the corpse . 63x9 corpse ( insert ) it turn to crystal which sag away from the human form , as a sand sculpture erode when it 's dry . 63x10 1st stickman close on heap of crystal satisfied , he revs he machine and it rise smoothly out of the shot . as it leave , the second machine move down and into its place . 63x11 2nd stickman glance at the crystal , maneuver into position , press he button . 63x12 closer angle - the crystal , stickman sucked up into the machine as it hover . as the floor be once again bare , the 2nd stickman revs slightly and he machine pull up and away . 63x13 another angle as the stickmen move up and out , we see the exhilated crowd beginning to pour out of carousel . 63x14 logan and francis - arcade descend from the top level -- not much of a crowd . Francis be gesture toward the hallucimill . francis ... well I think you be get stale . you need old lucey -- go on . gee the whole burn -- try the new psycho-lift - they tell I it turn you inside out ... he shove Logan in that direction and continue on down . francis ( call after he ) I will look for you here when I be off -- and he be go . 63x15 logan wave , smile , then turn to the hallucimill . 63x16 Pov - hallucimill ext . crazy , man . 63x17 back to logan hesitates , as a couple push past he gleefully on they way . he look and we see : 63x18 Pov - arcade , upper level the people from carousel start to pour in , loud , happy , ready for more fun . 63x19 logan not with it . he turn and start make he way downward towards the exit . 63x20 logan' apartment as he enter . idle , restless . he cross to a sideboard -- make himself a drink , sip , do not like it . get rid of it , make another . he fiddle with thing , a game -- sit , get up . now he be beginning to feel the drink . take another belt , smile . now he go over to a tall wall recess flanke by a console with many dial . 63x21 at the wall recess as Logan dial , blurred and smoky image appear in the recess -- a slow protoplasmic eddy in many color . he tune it in and the figure of a smile young man appear -- bejewel , lustrous , willing . 63x22 logan at the console bore as mastroianni turn the dial again and the young man dissolves . he dial again and now a beautiful young woman take shape . it be jessica . 63x23 jessica and logan still in the recess , she make no gesture of interest , no smile . around she neck , from a collar , a dangle ankh . it catch Logan 's eye . he smile , click another dial and she become real . he reach out a hand and lead she out into the room . 64 logan and jessica as jessica turn to he , Logan move in strongly and embrace she - but , to he surprise , she resist . Logan , still hold she loosely , be amused and surprised . logan what 's wrong , available ? jessica ( break away gently ) please . . . no . she back away , almost apologetically . Logan follow , smile . logan please . . . no ? ( note that she look trap , he understand ) you mean " not here " -- that 's it ? you be a private available but particular , ( he be move in on she as he speak , she retreate , which amuse he ) do not worry . there 's no one here but I . and you . jessica no. ( that stop he ) just no . logan you prefer woman ? jessica no . logan well then ...? jessica nothing . I feel sad , I put myself on the circuit . it be a mistake . logan sad ? what make you sad ? jessica a friend of mine go on carousel tonight . now he 's go . logan ( after a beat ) yes ... probably he be renew ? jessica ( flatly ) he be kill logan kill ? why do you use that word ? jessica be not it right ? be not that what you do ? kill . logan I never ' kill ' anybody in my life . sandmen terminate runner ( a beat ) who bring you ? jessica nobody . I feel sad . .. I put myself on the circuit . logan you feel sad . what 's you name ? jessica jessica . logan ( matter -of - fact ) you be beautiful . let 's have sex . jessica no . logan later . jessica no . logan but you put yourself on the circuit ! jessica I think I have to do something . logan and ? jessica I change my mind logan and now ? jessica curious . logan about what ? jessica how a sandman life . Logan smile , take off gunbelt , etc . logan let 's have sex . ( as jessica shake she head ) I think you be curious . jessica not about that . logan ( after a beat ) I be listen . jessica I be afraid to tell you . logan ( smile ) I be not armed . ( a beat ) well ? jessica why be it wrong to run ? logan you should not even think such thing ... ( smile ) and you pick a strange person to say they to - jessica I suppose . but what if you want to live ? logan so ? do what everyone do . try like hell for renewal . Logan stretch out he right hand . we see a red flower crystal embed and center in he right palm . it be exactly the same shape that we have see in black in the palm of the dead runner . logan when this turn black ... that 's it . ( laugh ) if for any reason you want to be 31 ... you have the same chance as everyone else ... carrousel . Logan take he gun and point it at she . logan ( playfully ) but if you be one of the misfit ... that 's where I come in . jessica ( somewhat frighten ) I do not say that I would run ... I just ... logan ( interrupt ; turn over she palm ) be you a 5 or a 6 ? ( we see a green crystal ) jessica six . I go red next year . logan you be year away . . . I do not know why you be think of this thing , much less talk about they . ( offer jessica the gun ) want to try ? jessica shake she head . Logan look at jessica carefully ... in a admire sexual way ... from she toe to she head ... briefly notice ( in the process ) chat she be wear a identical piece of jewelry that he have take off the dead runner ... around she neck . logan what quad do you live in ? jessica K. logan ( softly ) you be sure you do not want to try ? jessica nod . logan it 's nice to know you can nod . jessica smile . logan it 's nice co know you can do that , too . suddenly Francis and two dishevel lead young women burst in and come laugh toward Logan and jessica stone , hilarious , they crowd around Logan one of they embrace he . in the wild hilarity , jessica slip away and Logan , see she go , make a vain effort after she . Francis notice , laugh . amid the noise he shout to Logan : francis this be for I -- you have get you own . ( look after jessica ) she must have be something --? at Logan 's expression he roar with laughter Francis pick up a atomizer and hurl it at the ceiling where it shatter and a great pink cloud settles over they all . 64x1 ext . - sand man h.q. a frown structure of dark stone and mirrore copper , fronted by broad step . Logan and Francis be climb the step as a sandman be come out ... his uniform be in tatter . they greet one another ... then : logan what happen to you ? sandman ( embarrassed ) I lose a runner in Cathedral . logan how come ? sandman ran into some cub I could not manage . ( as they stare ) one of they cut I bad ... ( extend he arm and move a finger from he shoulder to he wrist ) all the way down . francis ( with anger ) cub ! sandman ( shrug ) on my way to the New you for repair . logan get yourself a new face while you be at it they know you now . they wave . Logan and Francis continue . 64ax1 - 64bx1 out 64cx1 int . - sandman h.q. lobby ( voice over ) as Logan and Francis cross , turn into a corridor . logan I just might look in on New you 483 myself . francis you ? why ? you be already beautiful . logan no -- it 's that last runner -- someone in 483 be try to help he . 64x2 int . - sandman h.q. - ready room as Logan and Francis cross the room , Logan nod to other sandmen , who be monitoring area of the megalopolis on video console . one of this sand-men speak to Francis who have not greet they sandman ( monitor ) what 's with you , Francis ? francis ( touch he head ; grimace ) last night the other sandmen , include Logan , smile as Logan and Francis continue to : 65-68 out 69 int . - sandman h.q. - debrief area Black door open revealing Logan and Francis who now enter a mammoth room . as they walk . . . they pass four giant lifeclocks ... white , yellow GREEN and red . each lifeclock pulse out the moment of every person alive in the city , govern everyone 's crystal change automatically shifting to the next lifeclock when the time come . there be no human . Francis walk over to a circular table at the end of the room .... above which be a circular overhang . there be a groove ... the shape of a palm crystal on one part of the circular table . Francis take out the plastic bag which contain the content of the dead runner 's pocket and start put the content on the table . ( this content be the one from the runner Francis have kill at the beginning of the film . ) the moment the first item touch the table ... it activate a scanner on the overhang above . Francis stand alongside the table ... he attitude be very matter - of fact . he have be through this procedure many , many time . he touch he head ... ( the hangover ) ... and Logan smile . moment later ... the scanner stop ... the word : | identify appear on a screen . Francis place he palm into the groove . . . and the word : clear francis - 7 appear on the screen . francis see you in the hydrotoner ! Logan nod . Francis exit as Logan place the content of a plastic bag with the item he have take off the runner who jump to he death . among they be the odd - shape piece of jewelry . Logan be stand nonchalantly ... as the scanner move over the item ... wait to be quickly identify and clear as Francis be earlier . the scanner continue scan . Logan start become impatient ... but the scan go on and on and on . now ... Logan be clearly puzzle ... it have never ... ever take anything remotely resembling this length of time . suddenly , directly before he ... on the screen ... the word : probability blink on and off ... on and off ... catch Logan 's attention . as Logan turn toward the screen ... the scanner stop move . the word probability blink off and be replace by the word : approach we can tell from Logan 's expression as he walk to the corner . . . that he have never see this before . Logan sit in a chair in the area face the screen . there be a stellar groove ( that we have see on the table ) the shape of a palm crystal .... glow on a arm of the chair . the word on the screen be now : identify Logan place he right palm with the flower crystal into the groove . we hear a humming noise .... then : the piece of jade jewelry appear on the screen and below the piece of jewelry the follow word appear on the screen : object occur in nonrandom pattern and frequency . linked with obsolete word : sanctuary . probable existence established . question : identify object ? logan negative . question : what be it ? word on screen now read : premillennial symbol . name : ankh . question : identify concept sanctuary ? logan negative . word on screen now read : sanctuary : code word premill - ennial religion denoting place of immunity . logan I do not understand ? word on screen now read : sanctuary now mathematically related to unaccounted citizen numbering 1056 . logan question : Word on screen now read : hold it disappear and word on screen now read : object ankh associated with unaccounted citizen 1056 . conclusion sanctuary existent .... runner goal . logan 1056 unaccount for ?! Word on screen read : correct logan impossible ! ( rising tone ) question : maybe they be not all runner . maybe most of they reach life renewal on carousel . word on screen read : negative ... unaccounted citizen 1056 ... logan question : none of they reach renewal ? Word on screen read : zero logan but everyone believe that some .... word on screen read : answer : zero unaccounted citizen number 1056 .... logan - 5 assigned to locate sanctuary and report .... logan question : you mean nobody 's ever be renew ? word on screen read : - - question answered .... zero .... ecological -negative ... as Logan react the new word which appear read : authorization to penetrate CITY seal ... logan ( startle ) the seal ...... ( break off ) question : the seal ? go outside ?! but there 's nothing outside ! the word on the screen read : sanctuary destruct ... find destroy logan I will . the word on the screen read : assignment secret . logan question : ( a beat ) what if I need help from another sandman ? the word on the screen read : negative . repeat : assignment secret . logan-5 transfer to runner seeking sanctuary . Logan take a breath . logan question : I be six Red ...how can I pretend to be approach lastday ? the word on the screen read : lifeclock --alter logan my lifeclock ... ( slight beat ) question : my life -- before the startle Logan can finish ... he feel a shock of pain and he hand be immobile . Logan stare at the back of he hand as if it be not he . his forehead shine with sweat . now the entire area , include the chair and the screen begin to glow bright red . the glow become so bright that Logan be force to close he eye . as the glow subside ... Logan look at he right hand . the red flower crystal in he palm be blink . he stare at it , fascinate , fearful . logan question : ( urgent tone ) be I still six Red ? the word on the screen read : lifeclock-alter logan ( stand ) I know that but I have four more year ( extend the blink palm ) this mean ten day to lastday . of course I will get the four year back , will not I ? the word on the screen read : take object with you logan ( very urgent ) question : do I get my four year back ? too late . the screen be blank . for a moment he lip part as if to say something more but he change he mind , turn away . now Logan walk over to the table and remove the ankh . almost automatically , he start move he hand toward the groove ... but the screen already have the word : clear logan - 5 Logan look at it - then : the camera pan Logan out of the mammoth room .... past the giant lifeclocks .... where he pause .... glance at he blinking crystal .... and continue out into : 69x1 int . - hydrotoner - day spectacularly 23rd century . Logan enter . he look around and spot Francis .... in a whirlpool bath .... try to recover from have incredible hangover . in the b.g. of the shot we can see some sandmen do calisthenics . Logan walk over to Francis .... hide he blink crystal by hold he hand against he leg . francis what the hell take you so long ? logan ( after a beat ) do you ever see anybody renew ? francis I think you have be skulling out too much . first nursery and now stupid question . logan do you ? francis of course . logan anybody we know ? francis look .... why do not you get into the water .... you need it .... more than I do . logan ( after a beat ) I be fine .... ( walk away ) see you .... francis at carousel tonight ? Logan nod , exit . the camera remains on a slightly puzzle francis for a moment then follow Logan out to : 70 ext . - sandman build Logan be on the step , irresolute . he look at he blink crystal ... move as if to reenter , change he mind . now take out the black box , dial . logan ( into box ) location ... female Green six ... name jessica ... live in quad K. 71-73 out 73x1 int . - logan' apartment Logan open the door to see jessica . behind she a young sandman who have obviously escort she there . young sandman ( smile ) she say she 's be here before ... logan she have . jessica half turn and shrug a ' see ? ' . the young sandman 's smile widen , he wave to Logan and shove off . jessica you could have call I yourself . logan but I be not sure you would come . jessica ( the game have start ) here I am. ( beat ) shall I come in ? Logan gesture , lead she inside to the live area . logan I could not get you out of my mind . jessica I be the most beautiful woman you have ever see , I suppose ? logan maybe...sure .... jessica thanks ... but I have the choice . logan of course . jessica then it 's still no . Logan laugh . jessica you can have any woman in the city . what do you really want ? logan you know jessica I do not believe you . there have to be more . logan all right . Logan extend he right hand . he turn he right palm so that . jessica can see it blink red . jessica gasp for a moment ... then : jessica why show I ? logan I be go to run . jessica ( after reacting ) why tell I ? logan you know something . jessica about run , die what ? logan both ... run 's what I be interested in . jessica I know what everyone know . try like hell for renewal . you have the same chance everyone else have . logan it 's different now . help I . jessica how can I ? Logan take out the ankh . jessica where do you get that ? logan a runner give it to I . jessica and then you kill he , right ? logan I let he go ... believe I . jessica I do not .. logan ( a beat ) speak to you friend for I , jessica ... please ... jessica please ? what friend ? logan ( clutching the ankh , look at jessica 's ; then : ) I do not have much time . jessica I never hear of a sandman run . . . ever . . . logan ( put the ankh in he pocket ; drop the bombshell ) and I never hear of sanctuary . jessica react . she be about to speak . . .do not .. Logan reach out and touch she hand . logan what can I do to make you believe I ? jessica draw she hand away quickly from he touch . Logan stand and start out ... as jessica watch he .. 74-81 out 82 ext . - a sleek , outdoor restaurant - night there be three man and a woman seat at a table . jessica reach the table and sit down . 83 close on - logan a distance away ... watch . 84-85 out 86 ext . - restaurant - full angle - the three men , woman and jessica eat without enthusiasm ... obviously more interested in they conversation . second man he 's blink ... so what ? sandmen get old , too . first man but what if he 's tell the truth ? third man I say no . it 's not worth the risk . woman I absolutely agree . he 's kill runner for a decade . he have no feeling . jessica he be bear a sandman . he have no choice . woman neither do we . 87-88 out 88x1 sandman ready room four sandmen at the console . they look up as Francis enter . he go to one of the man who stretch , yawn , get up . 1st sandman thanks , Francis . francis ( take he place at the console ) just do not be forever about it like last time . 1st sandman ah -h you love it . you be afraid you will miss a really good run . they all laugh . Francis take up he watch as the other exit . 89 out 89x1 ext - restaurant - three men a woman and jessica lean together talk in a undertone second man ( urgently ) if he believe you , he will come . jessica why arcade Station ? second man ( impatiently ) why ? it 's we only chance -- kill he and get away in the crowd head for the evening slaughter -- jessica right at the station itself ? man no - just there - on the first level . ( beat ) do not look for we . we will see you . woman ( cut in ) you do not seem quite sure , jessica . ( beat ) can you do it ? will you ? slowly , jessica nod . third man tonight ? jessica ( stalling ) y-y ... if I can find he . woman I think you can . do not you ? jessica face she squarely , nod . the woman look deeply into she eye , relax . woman I be sorry . we all be . but he have hear about sanctuary -- and that make he dangerous to all of we . after murmur of agreement : second man ( stare at jessica ) we be count on you . jessica exit . they look at each other in dismay .. after a moment , one of the man follow she . they do not trust she . 90-92 out 93-94 out 94a1 ready room - francis obviously enjoy the work , watch -- tracking a runner 's progress , the assignment of a sandman , the kill . 94x1 with jessica make she way through the strolling crowd , she face thoughtful . 94x2 another angle the man from the restaurant , follow . 94x3 gallery , sandman residence -- jessica walk slowly up to a door , she hesitates , knock . Logan open the door , react . logan be you here to help I ? jessica what do you need ? a moment , then Logan move toward she hungrily , pull she in to he as the door close . 94x4 out dissolve to : 94x5 with logan and jessica walk along a handsomely landscape stream . laugh together , stop to admire the beautiful fish ( koi ) . jessica what be you go to do ? logan that 's tomorrow . jessica ( turn away slightly ) I wish I could help you . logan ( turn she gently back ) maybe you will chink of something ... jessica ( hat herself ) I wish I know what you think I know . Logan smile at she , both know what 's false , but draw to each other anyhow . they commence walk again . 94x6 another angle the follower , ahead now , watch , try to make up they mind as to whether jessica be bring Logan to the ambush . as they argue , Logan and jessica approach . 94x7 with logan and jessica logan if you do know , you would tell I . jessica of course -- logan ( override ) if you trust I , you would know . jessica ( evade it ) we be come to arcade . ( beat ) - shall we relive together ? 94x8 close angle as they pass , jessica look full in the face of one of the follower , look away . Logan do not notice . the follower be partly reassure . one of the man be now hold a garrote make from he necklace . the man who first follow gesture and the other go off purposefully . he continue after Logan and jessica as they exit round a corner . 94x9 out 94ax9 ready room as 1st sandman return , still cheerfully chew . Francis be reluctant to give up he place and when he do , he remain stand there , watch . he love the work -- they all do . 94x10 arcade - lower level Logan and jessica enter . Logan be aware of jessica 's increase tension . he pretend unconcern , but he be wary . 94x11 another angle behind they , visible through the crowd -- two of the man we see before . the follower and the man with the garrote . they be move so as to intersect with Logan and jessica where the crowd be thickest , stream come together to move to a higher level . 94x12 featuring jessica as they move , fearful -- tear between she promise and she feel for Logan . catch a glimpse of the follower , she make a small sound , hesitates , pretend to have stumble . 94x13 the ambusher closer now , close in -- the wire garrote gleam between the man 's hand . 94x14 logan and jessica suddenly she stop . he come round face as people eddy by they . Logan look at she searchingly . logan tell I , jessica . behind he the two man move in . the man with the garrote raise he hand . one more step ... Logan sense something , half - turn just as we hear a familiar urgent SOUND -- the sound of he transceiver . behind he the man hesitates , drop he hand . Logan take the transceiver from he belt and move out of the crowd to the side , jessica with he . now he bend to read the message and jessica crane she head to see too . 94x15 ready room - francis and sandmen as the runner alarm pulse and the readout flash its message : runner female : cathedral q- 2 ... logan - 5 the sandman at the console turn and say : 1st sandman hey , Logan 's get a mean one tonight -- why do not you -- but Francis be already at the door . a wave and he 's go . the other ad lib interest -- " watch out in there -- they can cut you before you see they " etc . 95-105 out 105x1 arcade station - the ambush the two watch , muscle taut -- wonder . 106 - 106x1 out 106x2 arcade - two shot - logan and jessica as he speak he lead she into the maze - car station and punch out he destination on the car caller . logan a runner ... Cathedral . a woman . 106x3 maze -car station arcade jessica you be not go , be you ? logan ( a beat ) why not ? maybe she will help I . you will not . you would better stay here . the maze - car arrive and they move to it . jessica ( touch he arm ) I would rather be with you . logan ( know she be lie through she tooth ) that 's nice . they enter the car which instantly move off . as it pass , the man in ambush come forward and read the destination . they ring for another car which pull in immediately . 107 - 109X1 out 109x2 another angle as the two jam into the maze - car which rocket off in pursuit ... 110 - 120 out 121 int - maze - car - logan and jessica - moving shot logan have you ever be through Cathedral ? jessica shake she head . logan they be like beast . Wild . jessica maybe they be angry because they be grow in meccano-breeder . logan ( interrupt , grimace ) instead of what ? nine month inside a woman : ( ugh ) we be all raise the same but most of we do not become cub in Cathedral . jessica some people say child need human mother . logan insane . nurseries be better than any mother could be . jessica I be only tell you what I have hear ... ( slight beat ) have not you ever wonder what you seed - mother be like ...? logan uh-uh . jessica I have . logan ( after a beat ) when do you begin to question lastday ? jessica I do not remember exactly ... except I be a green. ( another beat ) what would you like to relive , Logan ? logan ( smile ) let 's see - how long have it be ? as jessica turn she head ... look somewhat guilty , the maze - car slide to a stop . a warning light pulse on the car 's console and a recorded voice speak before the hatch open . voice attention passenger . Cathedral Station be a personal risk area . person with business be warn to be careful . 121x1 ext . - maze - car - cathedral station now the hatch open . they step out , Logan first , jessica timidly , look around . behind they the hatch close , the maze - car sigh away into the distance . jessica I have never be in this quadrant . ( look off ) be that arcade off there ? there be stand on the maze - car platform -- a high overlook like a " elevate " station . 121x2 Pov - the CITY beyond the wall of cathedral arcade shine like distant firework . 122 ext . - maze -car m platform - cathedral below they a narrow , sharply angle concrete canyon , buttress wall rise featureless . the look of a old fortress , blank , dim and cool . still visible over a open the chisele legend " Cathedral Plaza -- 2025 a.d. -- Skidmore , rosenfelt , hennesy architect . " jessica shiver , look around she . Logan take she arm and they descend into the canyon , move toward the wall . they footstep the only SOUND . logan let I go first . sometimes they be wait just inside there -- to rush you when it open ... logan quickly now -- he help she through the narrow open -- the portal 's wall be very thick .. they turn abruptly and see : 123 int . - wall - dazzle chamber a room of angle , reflect surface . at one end a jag corridor , also mirrore , lead away . the zigzag , angle effect create a absolute confusion of image . but Logan lead she unhesitatingly across the chamber to the corridor . jessica hang back , momentarily certain she 's about to smash into something . logan ( guide she ) just follow -- no matter how it seem ... jessica ( do she best ) but what be this -- why ? logan ( as they enter the corridor ) the cub . when they be fly on muscle there 's no way to catch up . without the dazzle , they would just go past we -- ( gesture ) too fast jessica muscle ? I do not know that one . Logan be lead she down the zigzag corridor . it 's stop and go -- a fun house in which you can get hurt . logan it 's unauthorize . no good for any - one over thirteen anyhow -- shake you to piece -- speed everything up to a blur -- ( he be amused ) you can see what happen when some fly cub try to go through this on muscle -- splat ! jessica react ...to what Logan have say ... then : a moment later : 124 another angle as they approach the end of the corridor , a small figure in a tatter garment approach they . she stop singing as she see Logan and jessica . jessica ( gently ) do not be afraid . we see that it be a little girl of seven . her face be grimy and hair be tangle . jessica what 's you name ? mary I be Mary 2 . jessica where do you live , Mary ? mary here . jessica why be not you in nursery ? mary I be very smart . jessica when do you go up ? mary I never go upstairs . you be a nice old lady . as soon as she finish she last sentence , Mary grab at jessica 's clothing ... tear a pin ( piece of jewelry ) off ... and run away swiftly . as jessica instinctively start after she ... Logan ... hold she back . logan ( shaking he head ) not here . might be a decoy . cautiously , Logan and jessica exit from the wall , step out into - 125 ext . - cathedral itself a area of rubble and dilapidate building . Logan crouch , hold the transceiver and fan the area , listen ... SOUND : a soft beep which abruptly grow louder and hold steady . Logan gesture to jessica to follow he , and move carefully in the direction of the beeping , quartering occasionally like a hunt dog . come up to a angle of wall , he stop , flick the sound off , put the machine back onto he belt . he gesture to jessica to stand still then he straighten , step out , call : logan runner ! silence . jessica involuntarily move to he and as she do , the runner move from behind a upright and stand .- the figure be shadow , the arm out , palm face in a kind of gesture of surrender . in the runner 's leave hand , the tiny red crystal pulse on and off . the runner be a woman ! there be a instant of freeze confrontation and then suddenly jessica gasp , grasp at he . as Logan whirl : 125x1 another angle suddenly , from everywhere out of the shadow , a pack of snarling cub materialize -- move with blind speed . at they appearance the runner whirl and race off into the dark shadow . Logan make a futile gesture after she , then turn to face the cub . a strutting , feral - face fourteen or fifteen year old head the pack , dress in fierce - look tatter and hang with rip-off trophy . he gesture to one of he follower to stand still . billy ( speak of the runner ) do not worry about she . we will have that one later . right now I think we have get a runner and he pairup . and what a runner ! the camera pan the other cub ... mean , filthy . a voice we be go to have ourselves a time , we be . right , billy ?! there be a chill laughter of agreement from the rest . logan I be a sandman ! billy I cut up a sandman yesterday . they say I would never get he ... but I cut he up good , I do . logan ( firm tone ) I feel sorry for you , boy ! some murmure as the pack watch they leader . billy for I ? better feel sorry for you - self , sandman ! logan no , for you ! how old be you , billy ? billy be silent . logan fourteen ? Fifteen ? you day be run out . how long can you last ? a year . six month ? ( he point to the yellow flower in billy 's palm ) what happen when you be sixteen and you go green ? billy ( lash out ) nothing will happen ! I make the rule as I go !! cub do what I say ! always have ! always will ! I get Cathedral and I will never let go ! logan no cub over fifteen , billy ! ever hear of a cub with a green flower ? you will leave Cathedral then , billy , when you be on green , because they will not let a green stay here . ( slight beat ) if you try to stay the young one will gut - rip you apart ! billy shut up ! shut up you damn mouth ! Logan fall back into a fight crouch ... but before he can strike a blow ..he be grab and slam against the wall of a abandon building . another voice let he suck muscle ! that will shut he mouth ! let 's watch he shake himself to death !! we see the cub take out drugpad . they squeeze the pad and inhale the " muscle . " at once they movement become blurringly rapid . they take menace position - some leaping overhead . a voice give he some muscle !! like lightning they change position and flash around Logan and jessica 126 close on - jessica watch .. terrify . 127 close on - logan be hold against the wall by cub as : another voice shake he to death !! a voice kill he ! 128 another angle - including billy move a drugpad against Logan 's face . Logan be hold he breath ... desperately try not to breathe the " muscle " directly from the pad into he system . billy ( chill laugh ) he 's try to hold he breath ... as billy press the pad tighter against Logan 's face : with all he might , Logan wrench he arm loose ... drop to the ground and pull out he gun . he fire and fire girdle a pillar ... and they start to back away . billy we can rush he ... we can take can take he again , we can !! the pack hesitates ... stop back away . logan ( move the gun slowly back and forth ) all right ! how many of you want this to be lastday ?! the pack move back again ... and disperse , leave billy face Logan alone . logan come on , billy ... come on ... you cut a sandman , do not you ?! Logan tuck the gun back into he waist . logan come on , billy ... cut I ... come on after a beat , billy turn and run away . Logan comfort the shiver jessica for a moment then take out the small box from he pocket and turn it ... until it start beeping . the camera pan Logan and jessica ... follow the SOUND . they move over the rubble ... and cautiously around abandon building . we hear a scream ... and hear the cub who have only obviously find and attack someone . the SOUND be come from a different direction than where the beep be come from . logan ( shaking he head ) they have get someone else ! why would anybody come here ? jessica shudder as the scream die abruptly . the beeping be now very loud . Logan home in on a abandon building , enter , cross swiftly to a door inside and kick it down . we see the runner . the woman cring , expect death . 129 full shot - logan and the woman freeze for a moment . in f.g. a figure stir , move and we see it be Francis . his weapon be draw and aim , but as he watch , he lower the barrel and smile . the be Logan 's job . 130 close on - jessica watch 131 logan and the woman woman ( near hysteria ) there 's be a terrible error ! my lifeclock must have break in some way ! ( rise tone ) I be nowhere near thirty ... look at I ... I be twenty - two . I should be green ! do you hear I ? ( shouting ) Green ! logan ( quietly ) do not be afraid -- before Logan can continue ... the woman ... who be now wild - eye and hysterical lunge at Logan ... and start grapple with he . woman I will kill you !! I will kill you !! after Logan push she away ... and she fall down : logan ( breathe hard ) I be not go to hurt you . slowly , she rise . Logan take out the ankh . logan sanctuary ? anything ? Logan reach into he pocket and take out a small round object ... the size of a large marble . logan if they find you throw this hard enough to break it . then hold you breath till you get away ... it 's blind gas . her reaction be blank , then , with desperate ferocity she attack Logan again . during the course of the struggle , Logan subdue she again . jessica enter , bend over the near-craze runner as Logan hold she . eyeing he , the woman stand and take the small round object ... she appear somewhat bewilder as Logan and jessica move off . 132 ext . - the other side of the abandoned build - mo . angle - francis watching he be shocked , unbely . 133 close on francis stun and uncertain , Francis aim he gun toward Logan and jessica ... but he waver ... watch they disappear into the rubble ... 134 another angle - francis shiver like a wet dog . he turn toward open window . francis ( in a firm , cold tone ) runner ! the woman turn , stare insanely . her mouth open like a fish as : Francis fire he gun . a moment later , as the burn body topple to the floor ; 134x1 maze -car platform - the men hearing the unmistakable scream sound of the kill , they exchange a look . 135 logan and jessica at the flash of FIRE from Francis ' gun , they turn . Logan and Francis ' eye meet . a beat , then Logan grab jessica and pull she away . 136 francis after a long , long hesitation , take out he small plastic box and start to speak into it : francis ( quietly ) runner terminate at g.16 ready for cleanup at Cathedral quadrant 39 . 137 another angle - overlooking cathedral entrance the second and third Men ... very close to the maze - car platform ... peer into the darkness and see Logan and jessica emerge onto the maze - car platform . we can tell from the way the two man look at one another that they believe Logan have fire the shot they have hear . they hide from the approach Logan and jessica . second man I almost believe she . they move off soundlessly . behind they , a maze - car have arrive . 138 mo . - angle - francis gun in hand ... run through Cathedral toward the maze- car platform . 139 int . - maze - car - logan and jessica - moving shot jessica I be ashamed . I be bring you to be kill . logan where ? sanctuary ? can you take I there ? jessica Logan , I do not know where sanctuary be . but if I take you to they , they will kill you . logan ( a beat ) all right . but why ? I do not kill the runner . jessica ( interrupt ) yes , but they will not know that ... or care . they be hunt you , Logan . maybe I too , now ... logan ( wry laugh ) that 's nothing ... there 's a sandman behind we , too and there will be more soon . take I to they . jessica ( tear ) I - I can not . logan then - why do not you leave I - go to they - explain jessica no . not that either . Logan consider she . a long beat . think , then : logan all right . New you 483 . I will find out myself . 139x1 int . - sandman ready room - francis distract ... ignore the greeting of sandmen who be monitoring the city . 139x2 another angle - francis walk past the giant lifeclocks into the debrief area . the scanner begin move . moment later the scanner stop ... the word : identify appear on a screen Francis pause a moment and place he palm into the groove . now he take out the item of the dead woman runner and place they on the scan table . a alarm sound and the word : reject flash on and off on the screen . sandmen come run into the Area . sandman what happen ?! Francis hesitates .... then .... quickly , as if change he mind , take the item off the table : francis can you beat it .... I have get the damn wrong bag . sandman you ought to put yourself on reliefcall , Francis . francis ( start out ) yeah .... 140 ext . - new you # 483 - two shot - logan and jessica as they enter new you # 483 they be be watch by : 141 mo . angle - the second and third men a safe distance behind . 142 int . - new you # 483 the wait room have many mirror ... where customer ... male and female ... be check they face ( and body ) . there be also various photograph on the wall ... suggestion for change to forehead , eye , cheek , lip , etcetera . the chatty informality be very much like people in a beauty parlor or barber shop . there be a receptionist seat behind a desk in a corner . Logan and jessica walk up to the desk . the receptionist look at Logan ... ignore jessica . receptionist hello , sandman . logan hello . receptionist do you want to see Doc ? Logan nod , impatient - he know someone 's watch . receptionist we do not get many sandmen . I think we have only have one other since I have be here . logan ( brusquely ) a sandman can get as sick of he face as anyone else . where 's the doctor ? receptionist ( smile ) I like you face . would you mind if Doc take a picture ? I would like he to give you face to somebody else . logan it 's all right with I . be he here ? receptionist my name 's Holly ... Holly 13 . in ancient time they say my number be unlucky . do you believe in luck ? logan no - look , I be in a hurry . holly Doc will be with you soon , sandman . Logan and jessica walk to one of the chair in the wait area and sit down next to a attractive woman . woman customer be this you first time ? Logan and jessica nod . woman customer ( smile ) this be my third ... ( a beat ) ... I do it when I turn yellow ... and green . ( show she palm ) I turn red yesterday . logan ( look ) beautiful work . this man do they all ? woman customer no . but I hear he 's terrific . have you see any of he work ? logan just one . holly Doc 's ready , sandman . Logan and jessica stand . they follow Holly into a large , shine , stainless steel room where we see : 143 mo . angle - doc who look about twenty - one year old , exchange a point look with jessica . doc it 's a real privilege , sandman . logan thanks . ( slight beat ) I think you would be older . I ex - pect a Red . doc ( show he palm ; the flower crystal be Red ) I be . logan you own work ? doc ( with pride ) and I do it myself right on there . 144 full - angle - the surgical apparatus aesculaptor Mark III -- the latest in servo-surgical design . completely self - contain -- tilt -bed , cryojector service embed in the platform . the Mark III 's laser head be integrate into the whole cocoon , swivel and gimbale so as to be able to focus any of the surgical beam in microscopic delicacy or wide - blade scraping . the machine vaguely resemble a enormously complicated x- ray table on a angle -- the great slotted laser head overhange it and integral with it . from the cryonic receptor base there be a steady exhalation of cold -- the vapor seeping steadily downward , blur the endlessly looped and tangle tube and wire and container which join in solid state circuitry so that any random or involuntary twitch of a patient will be instantly compensate by a equivalent move of the laser head -- keep the focus precise . at one end -- where the halve of the Mark III join , be n console of switch and dial -- light nod servo-recorder which control the operation from the first injection of cold to the final heal vacuum draft and scar burnish . with the air of a magician demonstrate , Doc go to the console and flip switch . instantly the table respond -- the platform tilting , the crab-like laser arm descend flex -- small vapor jet ooze as the beam slash harmlessly across the table . beam , Doc turn it off and the whole apparatus subside . doc I design it myself . ( slight beat ) what will it be ... a face job or a full - body job ? logan just the face . doc Fine .... Holly will get you ready . you be in good hand , believe I . Holly come forward and unbutton the collar on Logan 's tunic . as Holly brushes she fingertip lightly down Logan 's arm : doc Holly work here because she get a lift out of watch the table ... ( smile ) and other thing . I will be back in a minute . holly he 's go to sterilize himself . logan do I have to undress ? holly not for you face . Logan follow Holly to the table . ( jessica remain behind with Doc who speak to she with soft urgency ) . doc you should not have bring he here . jessica ; I do not bring he -- what 's the difference . he 's blink . he want to run . doc run !? he 's a sandman . jessica I tell you he 's run . I know . doc maybe ... maybe . but I wish he would go somewhere else . ( a beat , a shrug ) all right . he get a face . 144x1 the surgical table - logan and holly Logan lie down . the table ripple ... accept he weight prison and positioning he . holly ( lean - close to Logan ) I like dark hair . have he give you dark hair . doc' voice all set ? holly um huh . would you take a picture of he , Doc ? I would like you to give he face to somebody else . doc why not ? Doc push a button ... there be a tiny flash . doc do you have anything special in mind ? logan I do not care ... just get it over with . doc ( smile ) hurry ...hurry ... hurry . holly ( whisper ) Dark hair . logan Holly would like dark hair . doc Holly would like a lot of thing . ( study Logan 's face ) we can start by narrowing the cheekbone . Doc press button on the control board . jessica , who be stand next to Doc , be slightly startle as the table begin to hum ... as a pair of laser beam separate themselves from the overhead cluster and extend toward Logan , form inner cone as they approach . cryojector needle start to close in on they , near they face and shoulder slowly ... the visible cold stream off the point . a vibrobeam begin to keen . SOUND : a insistent chime . Doc hear the sound and turn with the martyre air of a man who 's be call to the phone too many time . he turn to a phone - like apparatus nearby , shifting the table into neutral as he turn . the table and the laser head stop move . doc ( as if speak on a phone ) hello ( listen ) yes ( listen ) yes , they be . ( listen ; he expression change ) done . Doc turn back to the console , pause to stare intently at Logan , then up at the brightly smile Holly . something in he look register , and Holly 's smile fade . now Doc engage the machine again ... doc pay attention , sandman . I be proud of this machine . as he speak he press and a arm sweep downward and into position near Logan 's face . it pause as doc with this one there 's no wait for scar burnish . it 's all in one ... watch now ... the laser arm sweep across Logan 's forehead and cheek , leave a bright trail of blood as doc but here 's the improvement . instant heal --- before you feel a thing . watch now ... Doc push a special button and the arm sweep back along the track , spraying heal fluid . magically the blood vanish and the skin be moist and whole . 144x2 the surgical table - logan his face tense - - he know something 's wrong . over he Holly 's bright face with its rapt look . she 's not sure , but she enjoy whatever 's happen . 144x3 back to doc who be play the console as he speak . doc perfect depth adjustment on this one , sandman . the beam will cut through that uniform and just exactly through the skin beneath -- absolute precision . watch now and the machine do its stuff , slashing through Logan 's tunic - - a seam of blood follow the rip . doc of course , it do not mend uniform , sandman , but otherwise it do everything , do not it ? just imagine what would happen to you if the heal stop function . and the arm move back again , spraying the heal fluid into Logan 's new wound . again the blood disappear . suddenly Doc 's look be ferocious . he turn off the heal switch and punch button fiercely . the laser arm begin to move wildly and the sound become shrill . Holly look alarmed . holly no ! you be scramble the table . he will be cut to piece , Doc . doc damn right ! it be a trap . they know ! logan no - I be running ! Machine begin to whine loudly . jessica try to turn the machine off ... Doc start to wrestle with she as : 145-145x4 intercut : close angle - the cluster above logan move . holly watch two stun beam lower . Doc knock jessica down . she be groggy on the floor as the stun beam lance into Logan 's cheek . the table hold he , bite into he right leg below the knee . 146-148 quick cut of doc and holly watch intently as : 149-150 close angle - logan and the cluster above he as surgical beam slit he shirt from the shoulder to the waist leave two thread of blood . a vacu-head dip to suck the blood away neatly . 151 another angle - logan as Logan desperately suck in he belly .... try to flatten himself into the table . 152-153 close angle - logan and the cluster above he as laser blade cut into he face .... follow by a spray of heal liquid on the cut . 154 close - on holly excite .... flushed .... as : 155 close - on logan and the cluster above he as two wide blade of light sweep downward .... and hover three inch above he neck .... and keep lowering .... humming loudly .... and one inadvertently frees Logan 's right arm . 156 close on - doc shock as Logan reach for he gun . 157 close - on logan and the cluster above he . as dozen of laser beam slash toward Logan .... he twist away .... and break off .... jump off the table . Doc rush Logan hold what appear to he a freeze police billy . in a instant he have knock Logan 's gun away .... and as Logan look down at it .... we see it lie on the floor completely freeze . slowly , Doc move toward Logan the short smoke - color stick menace in he hand . logan ( out-of -breath ) what I tell you be the .... abruptly , Doc lunge toward Logan ... miss he as Logan duck away . as Doc turn to attack .... Logan smashes he elbow into Doc 's chest and Doc fall back onto the table . 157x1 close on - holly scream , as Doc be slashed by the machine amid shower of spark and gout of steam as the metal twist and wire short out and various fluid boil and spill onto hot surface . Holly try to fight she way into the mess to help Doc , but jessica , recover , pull she down and the two struggle . 157x2 close on - doc in terror as the laser beam begin to slash he to ribbon . 157x3 logan make a effort to stop the machine , pull lever and push button in vain . he see what 's happen , pull jessica away from Holly and , grab up he gun and tunic , head for the entrance . cross the wait room they be stop by the sight of : 158 - 162xi out 163 francis enter ... gun in hand . 164 reverse angle - logan and jessica as they face Francis . 165 full angle - francis logan and jessica francis ( frown ) what 's go on , Logan ?! logan it have nothing to do with you . francis ( choke but still loyal ) what be you talk about ?! I see you let a runner go ? ( up a notch ) I see you , Logan ?? tell I !! suddenly the machine behind they erupt into a great burst of smoke and noise , momentarily draw Francis ' attention . instantly Logan jump he , grab and throw he sprawling . without a look back , he and jessica run out . 166 out 166x1 francis enrage , find he gun on the floor and , before rise , get off a shot at they as they disappear . then leaping to he foot , dash off in pursuit . 167 arcade tracking Logan and jessica run through arcade . 167x1 logan and jessica suddenly she pull he in another direction . jessica follow I , Logan . stay close . as they run into hallucimill ... Francis ... never too far behind ... spot they and follow . 168 - 173 out 174 ext . - hallucimill - two shot - logan and jessica exiting from the other side ... and run through the crowd toward and into a Love shop ... follow by Francis come out of the hallucimill , too ... and run toward the Love shop . 175 int . - love shop - logan and jessica as they enter the hot darkness . the Love shop be throbbing with sexuality . in it , the darkness break at irregular interval -- when booth and cubicle flare into brilliance , each time revealing a orgiastic tableau . the Love shop be multi-level and the random flash may appear from any direction at any time , blind and stun the viewer . Logan and jessica pause to get they bearing and as they do , a beautiful wanton grab Logan , pull and laugh : wanton I have a empty one , sandman Logan try to pull away , look around for jessica just in time to see a man almost carry she off . then the light be go again and jessica with it . 176 logan and the wanton as she tear at he clothing , wrapping herself around he , try to pull he down . then , as the light flare again she suddenly let go and grab another man ... Logan be , freed , start look for jessica . 177 - 179 series of shot Logan hunt through the Love shop , fight they off . intercut shot of the suddenly - illuminate tableaus . sex , manifold and multiform -- everybody do it . 180 another angle - francis enter , start to look around -- grab by one of the laugh wanton . 181-182 logan , jessica brief glimpsis of they look for each other . 183 francis hunting both . 184 with logan as he suddenly collide with a woman -- shove she away and see it 's jessica . now together they make for a archway where multiple mirror enclose they . suddenly they be in darkness . then a heavy door slide open and jessica lead Logan through the open . behind they the door slide shut again . 185 francis desperately try to get rid of a woman , see a flash of Logan and jessica far across the room - see they leave . then he 's pull down again as the orgy continue . 186 - 186x1 out 186x2 int . - a immense metal stairway after a moment , jessica take Logan 's hand and they start down in the darkness . the sound of Love shop still hear from behind the wall . logan be you take I to they ? jessica yes. ( beat ) I do not know what else to do -- with he follow we . ( she hesitates ) why do you keep run from you -- logan because he 's my friend - ( a beat ) and I do not want to be kill by he - or anyone . jessica he 's good , be not he ? logan will he find we and kill we ? yes ... or one of the other . ( a beat ) you know there 's only one place to go now ... jessica ( hopelessly ) they will not believe we . logan ( beat ) I would rather take my chance with they ... than with Francis . jessica they will n¹t listen . logan ( interrupt ) you think sandmen will ? ( before she can answer ) there 's no other way for I , jessica we will convince they . they pause . he put he hand over hers . jessica be silent . then she turn he hand over . the crystal blink red -- on , off . jessica yes , Logan . ( turn to he blindly ) I be glad they do not change you face . Logan embrace she , but he look be strange and remote . they continue down into the darkness . behind they the sound of Love shop die away and only they footstep be hear . 187 out 187x1 francis at the mirrore archway , look around carefully , testing . he know they go through somehow . hand claw at he - he brushes they away as he search . 188-200 out 200X1 with logan and jessica they have come to the foot of the stair . here the flooring shine wetly in the darkness . jessica ( softly ) exactly four step now . let I lead you . ( they walk ) now to the right . it 's narrow here , you will have to get behind I . logan ( whisper ) how will they know we be come ? jessica ( whisper ) they be watch we now . they will let we in when they be sure . 200x2 close - up - logan' hand ( insert ) as he fumble the transceiver switch at he belt , punch out a signal . 200X3 int . - sandman h.q. ready room as the sandmen monitoring see the signal flash and move smoothly into action . 200X4 logan and jessica Close together , he behind , wait -- alert as a voice be suddenly hear : voice ( scratchy , filter ) sandman , put you hand on you head . ( he do ) clasp you finger together . now turn you hand over . palm up . ( beat ) in a moment a light will shine in you eye . walk into it -- jessica first , then you , sandman . you will have to stoop -- but do not unclasp you hand . do you agree ? Logan nod . jessica glance back at he but they face be unreadable in the dark . then suddenly -- in front of she - - a blindingly bright , narrow rectangle of light illuminate they fiercely . jessica move forward . even she have to stoop . Logan be close behind . as he bend awkwardly into the open , the light go out . 201 logan , jessica -- sanctuary hq as he push she through the open then move instantly to the side , pull she with he .. the move fail . both be pin helplessly in the blind glare of the spotlight and the sudden appearance of glass - silver spear point press against they . Logan be unable to draw he gun . voice hold still , sandman , or die where you be . 2 nd voice be she the one ? other voice ( like angry stage whisper ) she betrayed we . kill he . kill they both . jessica you sell we . sandman butcher . sandman murderer . Logan and jessica stand rigid against the spear point , only they head turn to the echoing sibilant .. the spotlight go off . 202-204 out 205 int . - sanctuary hq . - logan , jessica - close in the darkness we see the glass - silver spear point be glow all around they , the long shaft fall away into darkness , the point , steaming gently when they touch -- make a instant , wince burn . Logan move - - a spear point press - - he flinch . logan I be a runner . she bring I here because I begge she to help I . he turn he palm . the red crystal blink impressively in the darkness . at the sight , a babble of sound . argument . voice he 's lie . no sandman ever run . 2 nd voice you do not run . you kill runner . you have kill runner all you life . - logan yes I have . ( beat ) now it 's my turn . and I want to live . another angry murmur of voice . over it jessica suddenly : jessica ( shouting ) what 's the matter with you . he 's a runner - - he 's blink . we must help anyone who ask ... we must - or we be the same as they be -- decide who life and die . one of the point lift and touch jessica 's cheek . a quick , fierce burn . she shriek -- a tiny sound -- and be silent . 206 logan react fiercely , spin against the spear point , he be jabbed and pierce in a dozen place as he manage to get jessica closer , shield she with he body . but the spear point be too much . he subside , as voice rise angrily " kill he now " . suddenly a ringing alarm . all sound stop at once and we hear a clatter of footstep down the iron stair and across the outer floor . the spotlight burst on again and a figure stagger into the chamber , straighten into the light , hair dishevel , hand in front against the glare . it 's Holly . holly Holly . Holly , New you 483 ... he 's dead . Doc 's dead and the sandmen come ... voice ( gentle ) Holly -- Holly . remember the code . the code , please Holly ... holly ( hysteria ) they smashed everything and I barely get away . ( beat ) Holly . Station 12 , sanctuary 7 . Holly . Holly ... she lower she hand and we see she , tatter , frighten -- the bright smile strange . she come to herself a bit , look to the side and see Logan and jessica , pin against the wall . she react with fear at the sight . holly it 's he ! the first sandman . he kill ... doc. jessica no , Holly -- wait ! he 's run . tell they the rest ! holly ( suddenly exhaust ) he 's the one . you too . I remember . he be in a hurry . just a face job . Dark hair , I say . then he kill Doc and you grab I -- and the machine blow up and I run ... I run jessica Holly . Holly ! please ... the other sandman . remember the one who come after -- Holly suddenly remember and the shock make she lucid . holly ( pour it out ) that 's right . the other one come after . the older one . smash , kill , burn ! jessica ( coach desperately ) ... and he be hunt the first one , this one . be not he ? be not he ? this one be run , the other one be hunt he ... holly ( remember ) yes . oh yes. ( to Logan ) he be after you . I remember . you be run ! 207-208 out 208x1 another angle 1 the spear point be withdraw . Logan and jessica relieved but shake , wary . logan May we move ? a long beat . then -- voice I see we pass they through . somebody help Holly . other voice mumble agreement . Holly move off into the dark room , hand reach out to help she . voice you two . just go straight ahead . follow the corridor with the pipe overhead to the end . then use the key . as the voice speak the spotlight finally go off and by a dim glow around the perimeter , we see we be in some kind of large underground chamber -- some part of the vast undercellar of the city . the light be enough to reveal that there be perhaps twenty people in the room , red and green both -- but all be silhouett , no face see . there 's a kind of aisle open down the room 's center and it 's obviously the way they be to go . Logan and jessica move off . Logan pause . logan I do not know who you be . I would like to thank someone . voice it do not matter who we be . follow the tunnel to the end . logan I will there be someone to tell we where to go from there ...? a murmur of discussion then : voice someone will follow . when you come to the lock , he will tell you how co go on the other side . jessica may go with you as far as the lock . logan ( a deep breath ) no. jessica go back now . take she back . ( suddenly he tone be urgent as he speak to she ) now ! go on back . back outside , jessica . she be bewilder by the change . jessica why ?- no ...no ... I be go with you . voice1 only to the lock . after that there 's no way back . jessica ( small voice ) I do not care . I be go to sanctuary . with you . a babble of voice . " impossible " ... she ignore , watch Logan . jessica ( cont would ) will you take I with you ? logan why , jessica ? you be still a green . jessica shake she head . she do not know why . Logan put he arm around she , marvel , try to understand , move . but suddenly he remember the urgency of the moment . he wheel , pull she with he . logan come on then -- they will be here any minute ! uncomprehend , she start to run with he . too late . a explosion shake the chamber -- the wall belly inward and a group of sandmen , lead by Francis , burst into the room , fire as they come . panic . turmoil . people run , scream -- the alarm bell ringing , ringing as sandmen methodically slaughter the people in the wreckage of the room . 209 out 209X1 logan and jessica as the brief , one - sided battle rage , echoing shot and scream in the dust fill room , Logan pull she down out of the way . they watch , helplessly . suddenly the figure of a sandman loom before they . he stare at Logan , unsure . Logan react , draw , fire . the sandman be smashed away , burn . 209x2 logan suddenly aware that he have kill a sandman . jessica pull he down again into the shadow . neither realize chat the soft pulsing of he crystal can be see from the room . 210 another angle Francis , quartering the room like a hound , search , search , stop as he see 211 francis p.o.v. the crystal blink red , eerie in the darkness . francis ( believe the blink crystal be jessica 's ) Logan . I know you be in here . what have you do ... go crazy over a runner ? ( whisper ) nobody know except I . you know I will not say anything . I should have turn you in but I could not . leave she . come on out with I . it will look like you be part of the group that hit this nest . ( plead ) Logan ... you be a sandman ! ( slight beat ) logan...now ...now ... Logan ... after the slight beat , Logan fire and Francis fall , a great chunk of the cave roof fall between he and Logan -- all vision obscure while explosion and scream continue . 212 logan and jessica as he pull she shakily to she foot . she nod , she 's okay . he lead she off down the tunnel . 213 with logan and jessica - tunnel follow the track . the way lead down , curve , recurve , but always down . 214 another angle - including lock as Logan and jessica rush toward it . the corridor have widen into a kind of chamber which end in a great metal door like a immense submarine hatch . the track run straight to it and beneath it . the base of the door tand in a couple of inch of water . with great urgency , Logan and jessica examine the huge door . Logan give the wheel a tug ... nothing . SOUND : a whirring like clockwork ... a metallic bell SOUND and then a recorded voice . voice runner , this be the last gate . use you key now . when the Bell sound again ... use you key . good luck , runner . May you find sanctuary . silence . then the bell chime SOUND and a light illumine the center of the wheel where there 's a kind of keyhole . the whirring continue for about ten second . then it stop and the light go out . 214x1 logan and jessica hear a SOUND they turn and see : 214x2 another angle - p.o.v. Far behind they , in the wet glisten of the tunnel , a bob light and shadow -- the SOUND of running 215-216 close on - logan and jessica as jessica take the ankh from she neck - fumble with the chain . jessica ( breathlessly ) every key only work once ... and only a lastday key must open this door .... they say it would fit - but .... she try to fit the ankh into the glow one , but she hand shake . Logan try to steady she - and in help , she drop it into the dark pool of water . they fall to they knee , search desperately . then Logan remember . logan wait - I have the one I take from the runner . SOUND : the same as before as Logan search he pocket for the runner 's ankh . Logan find it just as the whirring SOUND have stop again ... and the light have go out again in the center of the wheel . as Logan and jessica wait for the sound , etcetera to repeat again another tremendous explosion be hear rock everything . in the distance , jessica can see the shadow of a figure approach . as the SOUND , etcetera , repeat 's once more ... Logan push the ankh into the light center of the wheel . the ankh fuse and the light center become brighter as the door open . there be a hesitation ... in which Logan turn he head back ... realize what he have do and be shake . as the shadow figure loom larger : jessica there 's no turn back , be there ? Logan turn and push jessica through the door ... follow she ... as the door close and they be : 217 on the other side now , they can still hear the SOUND , etcetera for the last time . Beyond the lock be the ruin of a vast undersea complex in which food be raise and harvest . what we see be a endless shadowy labyrinth of breeding pen which stretch off into the green darkness -- a kind of mammoth aquarium with catwalk and ramp intersect the huge tank . the level be multiple and everything be slime , rusted , rotted and wet . in the tank themselves be shoal of fish , garden of seaweed , etc . the machinery for harvest and winnowing have long since go to rust -- and visible in the great tank be the wreck of vessel and gear -- the kind of stuff cousteau and Co. be use now . foot be dangerous -- a slip from any catwalk mean a plunge into water and some of the walkway be well under water anyhow . from a invisible ceiling come a steady drip and everything be crust and smell of salt and decay and life in the darkness . 217x1 with francis as he arrive at the door , the ankh glow as before . but Francis have a light . he examine the door with it , and as it light the pool of water on the ground , it pick out jessica 's ankh . francis stoops , get it and look from it to the one glow 128 logan and jessica bewildere -- uncertain , as they eye adjust to the dim light . finally , Logan gesture ' ' this way " and set out . ( note : the action of the sequence be the action of people grop through a labyrinth . they go along , grip a rail where possible , sometimes sink deep into water , sometimes rise above it . they run into blind ending and retrace to the last junction -- always try for what look driest and seem to stretch farthest along the great wall ... ) 219-224 with logan and jessica - series of cut a . make they way along the walkway side by side . B. stop as the walkway disappear under water . Logan wading in while she wait -- until he re-emerges . she follow . c. choose between diverge ramp . have to return . jessica how do we know this be the right way ? logan it 's the only way . D. Pov a alley way full of machinery . Logan give a wheel a half turn -- great rusty net-comb start to winnow the water . E. helping jessica , Logan slip ... fall into darkness . jessica 's fear until he emerge , hand over slimy hand . the water be cold . f. Pov ancient sign - protoplank ... depot no # 11 do not decant ... habitat maritime ...etc . they speculate . jessica what do you suppose this be ...? logan some kind of breeding pen ... I suppose ... they say people use to breed animal 's , fish , anything ( at she disbely look ) to eat , of course . jessica ycch. ( shudder ) to kill thing and then eat they . it must have be a savage world . Logan shrug , but the idea make he queasy , too . G . they stop , tired . peer through at the wreckage of a small inspection vessel and suddenly hear : SOUND : footstep , come , halting , water sloshing . step again . 225 Pov - through the maze of tank - a light move , hunt . logan ( alert ) stay here , while I see what it be . jessica nod , frighten . Logan slip off into the darkness . in a moment he 's back . his face - be grim . jessica it 's Francis , be not it ? he nod . 226 logan and jessica try to move faster now , Logan make a wrong turn and they must go back . but as they do so , Francis be ever closer -- a gigantic distort shape now visible through the eerie glass - then suddenly seem small and distant . as they emerge from the blind alley once again close to the wall , suddenly : 227 francis loom huge , gun draw , apparently only a few foot away . 228 logan and jessica Logan desperately claw at machinery , succeed in start motion , somewhere what sound like a generator begin labor , ancient machinery groans . they turn and run as they hear : francis ( distort ; echo ; etcetera ) logan N N n. 229 Pov - francis ' light be splash the wall ahead and in it they suddenly see : the door -- a waterlock with a wheel . as the light pass , Logan heave desperately on it . it start to give as the light come back and they be reveal . 230 close - on francis aim at Logan ... then slowly move he hand until jessica be in he sight . 231 logan - jessica - francis Francis fire -- tremendous SOUND , echoing and resounding . one of the great tank buckle and a cascade of water erupt over everything . through it , Logan manage to get the door open and push a half - drown jessica through . 232 int . - the shaft a sort of ancient freight elevator which commence to move groan when the waterlock door close . Logan slump to the floor . 233 int . - shaft - two shot - logan and jessica move at a extremely high speed ... we can see the outside - flicker - dark , light , - dark , light ... and finally to a white color . they lie slump , motionless . finally it stop . the door open into a kind of glisten darkness , suffuse by a bluish glow . it be now very cold . in the silence Logan stir . groping , he touch jessica , who move close to he . Logan put he arm around she and they rise . slowly , tentatively , he lead she out into the dark chamber where they stand for a moment try to find themselves . what little light there be seem to come from the leave . Arm around jessica , Logan start to move . jessica ( whisper ) I be afraid . logan it 's brighter there ... besides , we can not go back . he start to move again but jessica hang back . jessica wait . he halt . jessica ( cont would ) I do not know what 's go to happen to we Logan but -- ( a beat ) be you glad you do not kill he ? logan it do not make any difference anymore . jessica you be really one of we now , be not you ? logan you know that I be not before , do not you ? ( jessica nod ) why do you stay with I ? jessica ( feelingly ) I want to ... ( Logan put he arm around she ) ... and you ... what make you kill sandmen ? logan I have to . I do kill ... for the first time in my life I kill . jessica because you feel like a runner , do not you . logan I guess so ... I know I feel something I never feel before ... and I do not like it ... not a bit . ( after another long beat ) I will tell you one thing ... sanctuary better be worth it . that 's the last place for I to live now . jessica for we . Logan mouth " we " ... a strange word ... and why not ... in the last minute he have do strange thing . 234-236 out 236x1 int . - ice cavern suddenly they be blind by a brilliant light come from the side and revealing for the first time where they be . 236x2 angle before they a vase , dim , ice - shroud storage area , row upon endless row of freeze locker trail away into darkness , they legend and content unreadable in the thick cover of ice and frost . to the side , a bright light . 236x3 logan and jessica walk toward the light . 236x4 with logan and jessica we see a huge , high - dome cavern ringed and ornament with extraordinary ice sculpture - they be everywhere : otter , fish , a tusk walrus - -- overhead a flight of bird . 236x5 another angle as they look in wonder : voice overwhelm , be not it ? Logan and jessica turn and see : 237-238 out 239 full angle - BOX box be half - man ... half - metal . from the midpoint of he sternum to he hip he be coil and cable . one hand be a cut tool . his head be half - flesh ... half - metal . he leg be a chrome pedestal . BOX be you too startle ? be I too remove from you ken ? ( slight beat ) I be neither machine nor man ... but a perfect fusion of the two ... and better than either . ( with great pride ) no human sculptor could match this greatness ... do not you agree ? logan all right - what be you ? BOX ( laugh ) you turn . jessica it 's incredibly beautiful . BOX ah , but wait for the wind . then my bird sing . my walrus breathes . my palace chime and bell . and the deep grottoe whisper my name ... box box ... bahhhhxxxxsss ... logan ( after a beat ) we be hungry do you have anything to eat ? BOX anything to eat ? box start to laugh ... he be roaring with laughter as : jessica ( quietly ) we be human and we be hungry . BOX ( still laugh ) I know ... I know . logan this place be a link to sanctuary , be not it ? box look totally confuse . logan ( angrily ) how do you think we get here ??!! BOX you walk in . I see you . do not you remember ? Logan contain he anger . logan ( beginning again ; quietly ) where do you think we come from ? BOX from ? from ? from ? logan we be send here and you know it . other have be send here . where be they ? hiding ? box look around the cavern : BOX ( mischievously ) hiding ? yes ! hiding , hide . logan where do we go ?! ( up a notch ) where do we go from here ??!! we hear a noise outside . BOX be that the wind ? ( smile ) not yet ... ( slight beat ) you must hear my bird sing . logan you know about sanctuary ! I know you do ! you have to help we ! you do not have a choice ! it be not you decision !! tell we . BOX never a pair . I have never have a pair . logan where do you send they ? BOX you be a beautiful pair . jessica please . BOX I have never see human whom I think worthy of be here ... ( a beat ) I would like to sculpt you . ( look around ) where would I put you ? ( smile ) I know ... you would be the base of the column . you would hold up my world ! logan ( exasperate ) answer the question ! BOX do you know how long all this will last ? not thirty year ... or thirty thousand year ... but thirty thousand thousand year ... and you will be part of it . Ages will roll ... Ages . and you will be here ... the two of you ... eternally freeze ...frozen ... beautiful . logan ( to jessica ) there must be somebody else up here . I can not believe that he 's -- BOX ( interrupt ; he voice tone change ; very lucid ) let I sculpt you and I will show you where the other have go . logan that 's better . ( slight beat ) how do you want we ? BOX nude . imagine , a pair . logan ( start to take off he clothes ; as jessica hesitates , Logan smile ) it will be all right ... 240-241 jessica undress . box motion to a pedestal cover with deep white fur . BOX up there . Logan help jessica up to the pedestal . as they stand there : logan how do you want we ? BOX ( beat ) up there . Logan look at jessica . her beauty be glow in the lamplight . Logan take jessica into he arm . BOX enchant . be that what human do ? by this time , Logan and jessica be no longer listen to box ... they arm be envelop one another ... with strong feeling . box's voice superb ! 242 another angle - including BOX as he metal hand begin to buzz ... he bring it to the base of the huge column support the cavern . as he work furiously ... at incredible speed : 243 logan and jessica ... oblivious to box ... they feeling intensify as they continue to hold one another . 244-245 out 246 close - on BOX BOX ( step back ) done ... behold ...! 247 reverse angle - logan and jessica before they turn to view the sculpture they kiss long and passionately . they mood be break by : box's voice done ... done ... done ... Logan and jessica break . they turn and see : 248 full angle - the ice sculpture box have capture they perfectly ... shimmer with life ... fill with emotion . 249 wide angle - including logan , jessica and BOX there be tear in jessica 's eye as she react to the sculpture . jessica ( squeezing Logan 's hand ) it 's glorious Logan help jessica off the pedestal and they both start to dress . logan all right . now you keep you bargain . BOX ( rapt by he work ) wait for the wind ! wait and hear the bird sing over you ! logan ( only interested in get out ) we be ready . box mumble as he lead Logan and jessica toward the rear of the Ice Cavern . 250 int . - ice room as box enter follow by Logan and jessica . this room have a fairly low ceiling and it be not too wide . it stretch back as far as the eye can see . the ice along the leave wall be frost ... but the ice along the right wall be perfectly clear . and embed in the ice along the perfectly clear right wall be : 251 wide angle - men and women stand in erect position . at first it appear that they might be more of box 's perfect work of sculpture . but as Logan and jessica examine they closely through the clear ice ... it be soon apparent that they be real people ... who have be freeze . 252 close on logan and jessica horrify as they move slowly along the wall . 253 another angle - including the men and women frozen in the wall we can see that each of they have a black crystal flower in the palm of they right hand . Logan walk to the end of this wall . each freeze body have a number above it . the final body 's number be 1056 ... that number which the voice in sandman 's headquarters reveal as the number of miss runner . the camera pan Logan back to box . 254 another angle - including BOX as Logan turn toward he . logan ( stupefy ) how do they get in here ? BOX regular storage procedure ... the same as the other food ... the other food stop come and they start . logan what other food ? BOX Fish and plankton , sea green and protein from the sea . ( point to the frost ice wall ) it 's all here - ready - fresh as harvest day . Fish and plankton , sea green and protein from the sea ... and then it stop come and they ( gesture ) come instead . so I store they here . I be ready . and you be ready . it 's my job - protein , plankton , grass from the sea Logan pull out he gun . logan tell we how to get out ...or I ¹ll destroy you .. I will kill you ! box laugh ... the same loud , roaring laugh we heard earlier . then : BOX ( calmly ) such a beautiful pair . I will stand you face one another . box start he see hand buz . he turn all the flesh part of he body away from Logan and start advance toward he and jessica who be now stand behind Logan . box be now like a armed vehicle . Logan fire ... the fire reflect harmlessly off box 's metal frame . BOX ( advance ) resign yourself . 255 mo . angle - logan and jessica retreating ... as Logan fire again and again ... to no avail . as Logan and jessica retreat further and further toward the rear of this room and : 256 reverse angle - BOX advance we can see person after person ... embed in the clear wall of ice . a strange mute audience to this to - the-death drama . 257 two shot - logan and jessica finally reach the rear wall of this room as : 258 reverse angle - BOX relentlessly move toward they . 259 two shot - logan and jessica seemingly pin back against the rear wall . Logan be firing he gun futilely with he right hand ... while move he empty hand against the rear wall ... try to find a knob or button which might open it . the entire time he never take he eye off : 260 reverse angle - BOX get closer . the see be buz loudly . BOX ( chill tone ) I make such a small , quick incision ... you can hardly feel it . 261 reverse angle - logan and jessica against the rear wall ... we can see ... but they cannot ... that above they ... on the ceiling ... there be a number of expose cable . 262 full angle - logan , jessica and BOX box be practically upon they . as he lunge forward with he whirring see hand Logan push jessica to the floor and drop down alongside she . box can not stop he forward thrust and cut a sizable chunk of ice out of the rear wall as : Logan shoot at box from the floor level ... upwards ... try to penetrate some part of he seemingly impregnable body . he miss but hit the expose cable on the ceiling . there be a explosion . BOX ( look up ; scream ) no ! the coil ! box rush past Logan and jessica toward the huge ice cavern contain he sculpture . BOX ( still scream ) all my work ! ' all my work !! as Logan and jessica stand : 263-270 out 270x1 angle - the refrigerant coil burst open , discharge great stream of gas . 270x2 logan see the effect , shoot again and again at the ceiling and wall . 270x3 another angle coil burst everywhere , vapor billow into the cavern . 270x4 another angle huge slab of ice instantly loosen , crash over . 270x5 full shot as the effect multiply -- ln the hiss vapor-sculpture crash over and enormous chunks of ice loosen and crash . 270x6 BOX careen around wildly in the grow ruin , as the light dim and flicker out . 270x7 angle the ceiling full of bird loosen , crash down upon box . again and again like great spear and wedge 270X8 BOX buried in he work , still feebly move , then still as the roaring ice crash down , in the terrible darkness . 270x9 logan and jessica cower in the crash maelstrom of ice block -- save only by be in a angle of the cave . 270X10 full shot the screen blott out by the cave - in , go out of focus . silence . then : SOUND : Ice melting , water run . 270X11 logan and jessica stir in the dimness , amaze to be alive . SOUND : a heavy crash and splash as another huge ice block fall into the water . as it fall , the cave be suddenly illuminate again . they look and see the light be come from a great fissure in the wall - - open by the last ice fall . Water rain across the open . Logan and jessica make they way to it , step out . 271-272 out 273 ext . - high ledge Water be pour down in a waterfall from the icemelt . they be blind by : 274 sunshine : a huge rising SUN as Logan and jessica shield they eye ... then realize that the dazzle light will not go away : stand together ... in fear of the sunrise . jessica be there something on fire !! Logan shake he head ... he do not know . as Logan look up at the sun . logan it seem to be move away . come on ... 274x1 angle - logan and jessica clamber cautiously down from the barren ledge . 274x2 lower - a area of boulder suddenly , a fairly strong wind start blow . jessica ( frighten ) what 's that ? logan it feel like breath . it make everything move . you hair be move . jessica ( smile ) and yours . they reach the level below and pause , look around . logan jessica -- we must be outside ! she look at he , uncertainly , he put a arm around she and they set out again . 275-276 out 276x1 int . - cave - close on francis pick he way through the ruin cave , puzzle . 277-287X1 out 288 ext . - forest area as Logan and jessica reach it . they be startle by the SOUND of bird singing for a moment ... then continue through some high grass and thorn bush be scratch , etcetera . a swarm of insect attack ... Logan and jessica fight they off : jessica ( start to panic ) I hate outside ! I hate it ! logan ( hold she ; comforting tone ) we will be all right ... ( a beat ) we will ... the sun be start to go down ... as they see a rabbit dart away in the grass ... startling they for a moment . 288xa1 francis come out through the fissure in the rock , squinting at the unexpected light from the sky , then set out as Logan and jessica do . 288xb1 with logan and jessica - a bushy area they come upon bush of berry . Logan pick a few , look at they and smell they . as he be about to put they in he mouth ... jesslca grab hold of he hand . jessica do not ! logan sooner or later , we will have to try something Logan eat the berry ... as jessica watch intently . after a beat logan they be good . Logan and jessica pick berry and eat . when they be finish : jessica it 's get dark and cold . I be tired . logan why do not we rest here ? we know we can eat this . they sit on the ground . lap dissolve to : 288x1 two shot - logan and jessica - night sitting on the ground . jessica be shiver . Logan have he arm around she try to keep she warm . jessica where do you think that heat - ball go ? Logan shrug . jessica do you think everything 's go to turn to ice ? logan I doubt it . jessica do not ever let go . logan I will not . after a long beat : logan it all seem to make sense until box . jessica do you think he be tell the Truth ? Logan shrug . jessica ( try to convince herself ) maybe we be the first one to get through ... ( hopeful tone ) maybe sanctuary be near , now ... another protect place . it could not be outside . logan ( grunt ) how would anyone know ? even if we find it -- we can never go back . at she stricken look ... Logan touch she in a caring way . logan you be right ... it must be near now . we will find it . jessica ( yawn ; close she eye ; rest on he shoulder ) thirty thousand year do not last very long , do they ? 288x2 ext . - barren terrain - night - francis look frighten as he look up at the moon and the star he gun draw . suddenly , a rabbit dart by . Francis jump up in great fear and start firing he gun ... blast the rabbit to smithereen . he be breathe hard ( fear ) ... and look around ... gun in hand . 288x3 ext . - forest area - day - logan and jessica walk in the hot sun ... grimy ... thirsty . 288X4 ext . - forest area - francis his face still betray a wild , frighten look as he move very cautiously . he reach the bush of berry and see some of they on the ground . he pick a few off the bush ... be ravenous ... but finally ... too frighten that they might be some kind of poison to eat any . as he angrily crush the berry in he hand ... then wipe he hand on he trousers : 288X5 ext . - forest area - logan and jessica see shimmer in the distance . they walk toward it . 288X6 - 288X8 tracking shot with logan and jessica reaching ... 289 full angle - a brook they rush to it ... drink ... then undress ...swim ... and as they embrace in the water : jessica Logan !!! look !! ( Logan turn around ) no ... you palm ... look !!! Logan look at he palm ... the blink crystal be clear . he grab jessica 's hand and look at she palm ... the same . jessica ( quietly ) what do it mean ? logan ( try to assimilate its meaning himself ) the lifeclock have no power outside . jessica take Logan 's palm and kiss it . jessica ( with laughter ) you can have any woman in the city . what do you really want ? logan ( straight ) you know , jessica . jessica . ( a beat ) ... but I still have the choice ...? logan of course . jessica then the answer 's yes ... they embrace there in the water ... 290 out 291 high angle - shoot down - logan and jessica come out of the forest ... climb up a green hilly area ... reach the top and see : 292-301 out 301x1 establishing shot - WASHINGTON , d.c . - matte composite the monument rise up out of a tangle of forest -- other building gleam , half hide . in the foreground Logan and jessica walk toward monument . 301x2 with logan and jessica walk toward camera to edge of swamp they stop and look at : 301x3 lincoln memorial - long shot - ( matte painting ) 301x4 with logan and jessica exiting camera right toward Memorial 301x5 ext . - memorial - logan and jessica - ( matte composite ) climb step of memorial toward statue . 301x6 ext . - memorial step - high reverse angle - ( matte composite ) Logan and jessica walk up step toward camera . they pass between two column and exit camera right . 301x7 int . - lincoln memorial ( matte composite ) Logan and jessica walk toward statue L - R . they stop and look up . 301x8 closeup - logan and jessica look up at statue . 301x9 what they see : the statue of lincoln ( matte painting ) 301X10 closeup - logan and jessica look up at statue . logan I have never see a face like that before . it must be the look of great age . whoever he be he be terribly old . jessica ( beat ) yes , do you think that 's why he look so sad ---? Logan shrug . they turn , start to exit from memorial . 301X11 int . - memorial - high angle over statue' back ( matte composite ) Logan and jessica exiting . 301x12 logan and jessica 301x13 over logan and jessica - WASHINGTON monument and capitol in b.g . ( matte composite ) they walk through pond toward capitol . 301x14 cemetery - capitol in b.g. ( matte composite ) 301x14 ( lot 2 ) Logan and jessica walk past gravestone . 301X15 logan and jessica be Pov - gravestone 301X15 301X16 closeup - logan and jessica as they pass the stone , Logan glance at they . logan they all have name and number on they . I wonder what they be ? jessica " belove husband " . " belove wife " . what can all that mean ? just then they attention be focus by a distant SOUND as of shout -- a man 's voice . jessica stop . jessica Francis ? Logan shake he head . they exit cemetery toward capitol . 301X17 long shot - capitol ( matte composite ) Logan and jessica walk up step toward building . 301x18 two shot - logan and jessica walk up the step ... many of which be crack . they be proceeding with great caution ... as they enter the Capitol Building . 301X19 int . - capitol rotunda - long shot - ( matte composite ) Logan and jessica enter the ancient room . they stop and look around . 301X20 closeup - logan and jessica SOUND : hammering noise -- irregular . it stop after a bit . they walk to the door and open it cautiously . they exit right . 301x21 int . - corridor outside senate Logan and jessica walk down corridor , leave to right . the SOUND continue . 301x22 int . - senate chamber Logan and jessica as Logan open the age door . 301x22a closeup - a cat squalling out into camera 301x23 closeup - logan and jessica react , then they enter Senate and stop and look . 301x24 int . - senate - over logan and jessica be back - a white haire man of S sixty - plus there be hundred of cat ... and thousand of book all over the place . jessica ( frown ; whisper ) look at he face ... and he hair ... ( grimace ) be that what it be to grow old ? logan ( still stunne ) it could be ... there be a couple of cat on the man 's lap as he turn and face Logan and jessica ... when he hear they move closer . the man be stroking the cat calmly ... unperturb by the appearance of Logan and jessica . logan how old be you ? man as old as I be I suppose ... who know ? logan you hair be white . man it be not always . I remember when it be not . but it be not you color either . ( look at jessica ) ... or yours . I have my color somewhere . jessica that crack in you face ... do they hurt ? man oh , no ... jessica could I touch they ? man oh , my ... please try . jessica walk up to the man and touch he face . jessica what 's you name ? man I have forget . it 's be so long since I have use it . Logan and jessica exchange a quick glance ... feel they have come upon a nutsy , fruitsy cupcake . man but all of my cat have name . logan be that what they be call -- cat ? old man yes , cat , of course . what else could they be ? cat . of course each one have he own name too . jessica but there be so many of they . do you know each one separately . old man yes indeed , everyone . actually , they all have three . ( recite ) " the name of cat be a difficult matter . it be not just one of you holiday game . you may think at first I be mad as a hatter when I tell you a cat must have three different name . " ( a beat ) a ordinary name and a fancy name . that 's two . do you want to guess what the third one be ? Logan and jessica be silent . old man ( recite again ) " but above and beyond there 's still one name leave over , and that be the name that you never will guess ; the name that no human research can discover -- - but the cat himself know , and will never confess . " ( reach down and stroking another cat ) will you , my pet ? one of the cat jump off he lap . old man ( recite ) " why do you go little fourpaw ? you forget to shut you big eye . " ( the man close he eye for a moment ; then : ) " I have a gumble cat in mind ! " as the man open he eye : logan how long have you be live here ? old man for as long as I can remember . logan what kind of place be this ? old man just a place , I suppose ... who know ? the man look puzzle . logan how do you get here ? old man I have always be here ... logan be there any other human ? old man gracious ...no. logan have any other people ever pass through ? the man shake he head ... then : old man but there may be a few around somewhere . logan what make you think so ? old man my parent think so . mother and Father . you know ? logan ( astonished ) mother and -- ? you know you mother and father ? the man nod . jessica and ... and how be you grow ? Inside you mother ? old man yes ... jessica be you sure ? old man mother and Father say so ... you know ? logan where be they ? old man Dead ... they be dead ... and bury . jessica ( not know what it be ) buried ??? Logan wheel ... as he hear the noise of a door squeaking slightly ... as it open a bit wider : 302 close on a cat come through the open - do he push it ? 303 close on the man old man ( pleased ; recite ) " Gus be the cat at the theatre door . his name , as I ought to have tell you before , be really asparagus . that 's such a fuss to pronounce , that we usually call he just Gus . " 306 wider angle - including logan and jessica old man May I see you hand again ? Logan and jessica extend they leave hand . the Old man take they , look from one to another with delight . old man they be beautiful . May I have one too please ? logan no -- I be sorry . it 's not possible . old man ( offended ) it be not fair . I will give you one of my favorite cat ... a jellicle cat. ( recite ) " jellicle cat have cheerful face , jellicle cat have bright black eye ; they like to practice they air and grace and wait for the jellicle Moon to rise . " logan I be sorry but I do not have anything to give you . as the man continue to look petulant : jessica ( simply ; sincerely ) that 's the truth . jessica take off a ring and hand it to the man . jessica here you can have this . the man seem pleased . old man what kind of jewel be this ? jessica I do not know . old man you be both full of secret like macavity . ( look at the ring ) do you steal this ? jessica no. old man ( recite ) " macavity , macavity , there 's no one like macavity , there never be a cat of such deceitfulness and suavity . " logan what 's beyond this place - do you know ? old man no , no , no logan do you mother or Father ever mention another place ? old man never , never , ever . nothing . after a pause : logan May we stay here for a while ? we would like to rest . old man of course you can stay . this belong to the people . jessica what belong to the people ? old man all this . all of it . jessica what people ? old man I do not know ... but it do . the man stand ... and start walk toward a door to a adjoin room . old man I will be right back . ( stop ) oh , yes ... about the cat ... one rule be true : ( recite ) " do not speak till you be speak to . " the man smile and leave . 305 logan and jessica Logan clear two chair of cat and they sit down . jessica pick up a book and start leaf through it . Logan be deep in think . jessica look up from the book . jessica ( quietly ) how curious people use to be -- all this book ... silence ... until : logan that sweet madman -- how could he come to exist ? jessica he have a mother and father -- and he know they . logan one in a million , I suppose logan and jessica ( together ; smile ) ... who know ? jessica ( after a beat ) we be go on , be not we ? logan ( shaking he head ) there 's nothing to go on to , jessica . Logan continue to shake he head through jessica 's follow line : jessica there 's a sanctuary ... there be ! logan you want there to be one ... that do not ... jessica ( interrupt ; urgent tone ) there have to be ! I know it exist ! it have to !! logan ( gently ) no , there do not . not really -- just so many want it to exist ... so many who do not want to die ... want it so much that a place call sanctuary become " real " . but it do not exist . it never exist . just the hope . jessica ( become hysterical ) you be wrong !! it have to be !! it just have to be !! as Logan take she in he arm ... comforting she : 306 full angle - including the man the man return with a portrait in hand . old man oh , my do not cry . the man proudly show they the portrait .... which be a portrait of himself in he twenty . he sort of brushes the hair ... which be rich auburn . old man ( gesture ) there be larger picture of other people over there . I do not know who they be . perhaps they be family . she man lead Logan across the chamber to a far corner . 307 close on - jessica remain near the podium . she be deject . Logan 's argument that there be no sanctuary have sink in and take hold . 308 out 308x1 the corner - logan and the old man we see portrait of president of the United States . we can recognize all of they ... with the exception of the dozen or so that come after Ford . as Logan look at the portrait he recognize lincoln . logan that 's the same fellow who 's outside . if he be so important - why be not he first ? the old man shake he head . 309 int - senate chamber - close on - jessica as Francis suddenly appear alongside she . jessica be terrify ... speechless . Francis glance across the chamber , see Logan . when he speak , it be softly but urgently . francis what do you do to he ? jessica be silent . Francis ' tone become increasingly sexual . francis why ? why you ? ( grab she ) do you know you ruin he ? do you know that ? can you tell I why ? why you ? ( a beat ) and now you have kill he , you know ... Francis start to tear off she clothes ... obviously to rape ... but he expression remain cold and without passion . jessica ( scream ) Logan !!! as she scream , Francis clamp a hand over she mouth and drag she o.s. 310 out 310x1 logan hear the scream , wheel -- see nothing for a moment . 311 int . - senate chamber francis ' voice here !!!! Logan look up ... and we see Francis crouch behind the railing of the first row of the gallery ... with he gun point down at Logan , hold the terrify jessica with he other arm . old man ( cheerfully ) how nice ... more company ... francis ( emotional ; disjoint thought ) we have such good time together ... I let you go ! ( frenzied ) you do not terminate a runner and I let you go !! ( a beat ) she do this to we ! how could you let she ?! a ordinary available ??!! ( with this he fling jessica down and away . she lie there ... stunne ) and what about Logan - 6 and Francis - 8 ? ( a tear in he eye ) .... why do not you chink about they ?! ( up a notch ) there 's over two hundred year of sandmen 's blood in you , Logan .... and now you will spill it for a stinking runner !! 312 close on - logan holding up he right palm . logan look at you palm , Francis .... look ! it 's clear . clear ! 313 reverse angle - francis look at he palm .... shocked ... drop he gun . it fall on the chamber floor . francis why do you do that ??!! logan I do not do anything , Francis ! they have make we believe that .... francis ( interrupt ; wild ) why do you do that ???!!! Francis leap from the gallery and fall on Logan . 314 wide angle - cat scatter in all direction as : 315-319 close action shot - francis and logan in hand to hand combat punch ... kick ... wrestle 320 intercut with : jessica and the man reacting jessica deeply disturb ... the man enjoy himself as if Logan and Francis be put on a show for he . 321-331 the fight - series of shot a . Francis manage to pick up a chair and smashes it down on Logan . B. as Logan slump to the floor and Francis cry to follow through he advantage by crush Logan 's face with he foot : c. Logan grab Francis ' foot and twist it ... send Francis reeling backward . D. stand , Logan grab a table and hurl it at Francis ... who duck . E . Francis see a steel flagpole ( with a american flag that have sixty - one star ) and take hold of it . f. Francis move toward Logan ... with the menace steel flagpole in front of he . G. Logan be wary ... watch every movement of the steel pole . H. Francis swing the steel pole twice ... we can hear the whish - whish as it cut through the air ... with Logan avoid the blow . I . on the third swing ... Logan grab hold of the steel pole and swing around on it ... kick Francis in the chest . J. Francis let go of the steel pole as he stagger backward . Francis and Logan look at one another for a brief anguish moment as Logan crash the steel pole ( which he be now hold ) down on Francis ' head . k . Francis crumble to the floor . feebly , he raise a hand toward Logan ... Logan touch Francis ' hand and Francis grasp he wrist , hold death off with the strong grip . francis ( delirious ) that be the right shot -- look out there , he 's try to break free watch it , Logan , steady , now !...... his eye focus briefly and he see Logan 's palm - the crystal shine clear and white . Francis be suddenly radiant . francis Logan ! you renew ! and he be dead . direct CUT to : 332 jessica and the man the man walk over to Francis and bend down . old man oh , my ...he die ... 333 close on - logan rubbing he face with the palm of he hand ... clearly upset . 334 another angle - including jessica and the man old man we¹ll have to bury he . jessica what 's that ? old man they¹re put into the ground so they can be visit by the live ... logands eye be glisten with tear . the man start out . old man I ¹ll make the arrangement . jessica ( softly ) at least it 's over ... jessica¹s word do n¹t help as Logan shake he head ... then : old man be you ready to put he in ? logan not yet . old man all right . the man sit down . gently , Logan lift francis¹ body ... try to straighten he out from the slightly twisted position he assume when he fall to the floor . after rest francis¹ body on the floor again . he cradle francis¹ head in he arm . dissolve to : 335-338 out 339 ext . - high angle - cemetery - night - shoot down old man' voice " vigil wondrous and vigil sweet there in the fragrant silent night . " 339X1 closer angle - cemetery as they look down at Francis ' body ... in the open grave . jessica watch as Logan and the man start shoveling dirt into the grave ... start to fill it . 339x2 jessica quietly watch : dissolve to : 339x3 int . - senate - next morning on Logan sleep - jessica and Old man in a spirite but soft conversation in a far corner . as Logan wake he hear : old man of course ... that 's settle then . but just you remember you promise ... jessica we will remember . but that 's a long time off ... she see Logan awake and listen , cross to he , smile . Logan rise to she . logan what be we promise he ? what can we possibly give he ? jessica he ask if we would bury he when he time come . logan ( beat ) we can not . we be go back . jessica to what ? logan I be go to try and tell people what we have see and -- jessica ( interrupt ) you be lie ! you will never have the chance to tell anybody anything ! you will be kill the moment you be see ! logan do you expect I to let thing go on without try to change they ?! jessica thing will not change ... you know that ! we can live here together , Logan ... have a life as long as he ... together ! logan ( show he palm ) thing change ! jessica you want to go back to kill , be that it ?! now , you will want to kill you own !!! kill sandmen !!! killing 's all you ever ...!!!! Logan shake jessica who be become hysterical . logan ( softly ) jessica ... listen to I ... listen to I ... ( as she quiet down ) the lifeclock make I kill Francis . they make people die or be kill every day . if I do not try and destroy that ... I could not live here or anywhere . do you understand ? jessica I want to be alive and with you , that 's all I want . Logan put he arm around she . logan I know ... I know ... the Old man come to they , wonder . logan we be leave . old man what a pity . I be hope you would be here to bury I . jessica come with we . old man where be you go ? logan to a city with thousand and thousand of people . old man alive ? Logan nod . old man thousands and thousand ... as many as my cat ? logan more ... many more . old man and all alive you say ? Logan nod . old man yes , I would like to see that . be it a long journey ? again , Logan nod . old man ( mumble ) thousands and thousand alive ... oh , my ... 340-349 out 350 high angle - greenbelt area - shoot down - day Logan , jessica and the Old man be walk ... with the Capitol Building blurred by overgrown foliage recede in the b.g. of the shot . 351-361 out 361x1 ext . - forest area - afternoon the Old man have pick some wild vegetable ... and hand a piece to Logan and a piece to jessica . as they hesitate ... the Old man bite into it ... heartily . as Logan and jessica start eat it , too : old man ( marvel tone ) never see the sun or the moon ... I hope we get there soon ... 361x1a night - wooded area - close on Logan , jessica and the Old man as they emerge from a small grove of tree and stand look o.s. past camera behind , a flicker of firelight . old man ( weary but enthusiastic ) be that really it ? it do not seem very far . will we be there soon ? logan I promise . we ' 11 go on as soon as it 's light . jessica ( gently , turn o.m. away ) but now I be tired . let 's go back to the fire ... they turn , the Old man still marvel at the sight . p.o.v. what they see ( to be intercut ) night ( matte ) view of the dome city see through a fringe of tree and beyond distance hill . 361x1b ext . - wooded area - night as the three return to where a small fire be burn on the ground . old man that 's better than gold when it 's cold . logan thank you . ( turn to Old man ) tell I - what do that word mean ? " belove husband '' ...² belove son " ... " belove wife " '... old man my father be the husband and my mother be the wife . " belove " be a word they use - to stay together . logan stay ? they live together all they year ? old man oh , yes ... I think ... jessica ( read ; move ) ³ belove son² ... ( a beat ) so people stay together for that feel of love ... they would live and raise child together and be remember . ( another beat ) I think I feel that way , Logan . can we be that way ? logan ( face jessica ) yes . you and I , jessica . ( a beat ) jessica and sanctuary ? logan sanctuary be the right to live .... nothing more . but nothing less , either .... there be a long beat ... then jessica snuggle up to Logan ... she be ready for sleep . jessica ( whisper ) belove husband ... logan ( kissing she ) belove wife ... 361x2 out 361x3 ext . - day - greenbelt area - logan , jessica and the old man walk . 361x4 out 361x5 ext . - wooded area - night - logan , jessica and the old man as they walk the great glow dome be visible in the distance . the Old man marvel at what he see ... they walk on . 362 long , long angle - logan jessica and the old man - day walk up the beach toward the dome city . we get a idea of the scale . they appear as ant in front of redwood tree . 363 out 364 logan , jessica and the old man approach . the wave power inlet in f.g . they hear : the roar of the water as they approach cautiously ... they see : 365 wave power inlet wave pound over acre of strange stepped construction ... descending to a vortex . jessica what do that water do ? logan it 's part of the hydrogalvanic system . the ocean tide be change into energy somehow . jessica be it inside the city ? logan of course . ( a beat ) I do not know where ... ( frown ) I just take they for grant . ( Logan take jessica 's hand ) it 's we only chance . the camera pan logan , jessica and the old man down the strange stepped construction until they reach : 366 full angle - a pool of water at the CENTER of this immense water flowing construction of step . after a beat jessica look at the Old man : logan ( softly ) I know ... ( after a beat ; to the Old man ) we be go to try and get in this way . I do not think you can make it . old man ( sadly ) oh ... I do so look forward to see all that people . logan I be sorry . old man yes ... logan can you make it back ? old man oh my ... I will try . jessica ( kissing the Old man ) Goodbye . old man oh , my ... the Old man watch Logan and jessica dive into the pool and disappear . 367 the old man he bend and play with the water in the pool for a moment ... like a young child at a pond or lake . 368 int . - power CENTER of the CITY - logan and jessica emerging from the water . it be a labyrinth of hum turbine , automonitored cable and impulse collector . Logan lead she swiftly through the hum maze toward a exit . 369 - 369xl out 369ax2 great hall - at carousel entrance as the crowd be pour in : logan' voice no !! do not go in there !! the crowd turn and look up at : 369x2 logan on a high balcony in the great Hall . look down at they . logan you do not have to die !! no one have to die at thirty !!! you do not have to blink out on lastday . there 's no renewal on carrousel ! you can live longer and grow old ... I have see it . she 's see it !! believe I !! there be a angry murmur in the crowd as Logan continue : logan ( hold up he palm ) see ... it 's ' clear . the lifeclock be a lie - carousel be a lie !! 369x3 widen angle - including sandmen try to grab Logan . there be a struggle . some sandmen be knock over the railing . but remain sandmen fire a gas tranquilizer which subdue Logan and jessica . the crowd cheer ... and continue into carousel as : 370 int . - sandman debrief area it be the same area where Logan receive the original assignment to find and destroy sanctuary . in the rear ... with the panel open ... the sign read : probability blink on and off . Logan be drag in by a number of sandmen . we see jessica , too , still groggy , be hold by sandmen in the b.g. of the shot . Logan be place on the chair in which he crystal be alter . 371 close angle - logan in the chair a shaft of light glow on and he stiffen - bound by it . 372 out 372x1 - 372x3 full shot - logan and the screen as around he in the air , a series of spectral greenish head appear -- one after the other - in response to question . each of this head be Logan . each revolve slowly on its axis as it respond . as the real Logan ( in the chair ) be question , each of the head answer in turn . they be each a part of he persona and he brain . 373-378 out 378x1 - 378x18 intercut with closer shot of logan himself writhing in agony as the impassive head speak . another angle - logan and head A. first head speak ( Logan 's voice ) a jewelry store . B. Logan himself - twist in pain . C . the word negative appear on the screen . D. a second head ( Logan 's voice ) a creature call box - all freeze , all freeze . E. Logan writhes in the chair . f. again the word negative appear on the screen . G. a third identical head ( Logan 's Voice ) no ... there be no sanctuary . h . the screen seem to shimmer . it blink . I . a third time the word negative appear on the screen . J. a FOURTH head ( Logan 's voice ) there be no sanctuary k . the screen be glow increase ... to a almost blind light ... start to frighten the sandmen present . L. at the same time , we see jessica come out of she tranquilize daze ... fearful ... still in the sandmen 's custody . M. a fifth head ( Logan 's voice ) a old man without a crystal ... but there be no sanctuary . n. now the screen be start to spark . behind it we see the intermittent glow of overheate electronic component . o . and we see the word negative ... once more on the screen -- but break now . P. a sixth head ( Logan 's voice ) there be no sanctuary . q. now the noise and the light from the screen be peak ... and we can see the increase fear of the sandmen . R . on the screen the word negative be beginning to shake ... as the screen begin to shake . 379 full angle - the six head logan' voice ( emanate from all of they ) there be no sanctuary . there be no sanctuary . the sign probability burst ... the six head of Logan go out . the noise and the light come out of the screen increase , as it begin to burst into shower of spark and flame . 380-410 out 410x1 another angle - logan strain twist , as the light above he burst , go out in a puff of smoke -- release he . Logan stagger to he foot in time to meet : 410x2 sandmen rushing in from the ready room to join the other who have close in on Logan one hold jessica . 410x3 logan and sandmen manage to get one of the sandmen 's gun , instantly blast he with it . in the noise and confusion , the fight become general . a sandman fire back at Logan , miss -- the shot hit one of the lifeclock which flare electrically , ribbone out a great arc . instantly Logan get off a couple of shot at the other lifeclock which similarly flare and burst into violent electrical fire and discharge . 410x4 the battle the electrical discharge , smoke and noise make great confusion . sandmen hamper by they own number and by try to miss the machinery . Logan fire methodically at the lifeclock , move . stumble over jessica , prone in the smoke . help she to she foot . crouched , they make for the exit . 410x5 another angle - the . screen sputter its life out in strange predictive word .... probability flash on and off .... equilibrium ... destruct ... equil ... no balance ... no balance ... famine ... inacceptable ... no balance...etc. , flash vainly through the eddy smoke and the fierce discharge which fill the great room . 410x6 sandmen the battle be lose -- the smoke and noise overwhelming . they pick up they wounded and get out as best they can . 410x7 int . sandman h.q. lobby sandmen rush out through the gather smoke and the flare of fire behind they . 410x8 ext . sandman h.q. sandmen pout out through smoke and fire effect . push through passer - by herding everyone away from the scene . people get the hell out of there . ad lib : get away from here . the whole thing 's go . 410x9 int . lifeclock room through the smoke , etc . the lifeclock explode . 410X10 ext . sandman h.q. the building explode -- great geyser of flame shoot upward . 410X11 great hall the sound of the explosion create panic . light begin to flicker . the great red crystal light fitfully on and off . people be panic , run in different direction . some press into carrousel for safety . 410x12 carousel as people run in there , the red crystal glow and sputtering , the petal move spasmodically . as people look , the white crystal come on , begin spin wildly , burst into strange , lancing light . a great roaring commence and the whole arena start to rock with the crystal . now the white crystal explode and the whole room be crisscross with deadly arcing discharge . people flee the scene of destruction . 410X13 great hall the panic be - full , people get the hell out of there . 410x14 arcade people be stampede like cattle , all head down and for the exit , trample each other in they fright . 410X15 - x21 panic montage series of cut A. ext . the City under the dome -- fitfully light as the dome itself seem to be crack strange electrical discharge emanate from it as from a gigantic line storm . B . the light in arcade flicker and go dim . C . the chandelier in arcade sway , a couple fall onto the scream panicky people . D. maze - car Station . people fight to cram into car . car light go out . people turn and bolt in another direction . E. Love shop -- pandemonium as the drugge body clamber over each other in fear , struggle to get away . f. great Hall empty -- the sign of panic everywhere . G . the great crystal -- a wildly spluttering electrical fire wreck it . 410x22 ext . - dome CITY - FIRE fx and cracking intercut with above : 410x23 logan and jessica make they way through Cathedral -- out the dazzle chamber , run o.s. past maze car Station . 410x24 logan and jessica running past power Center . 411 ext . - CITY - full shot the dome of the city tear . lightn effect play on the stunne people ... who look up and see the starry heaven , too , as they stumble forward into the darkness . a wind begin to blow ... where air have never stir anything . there be a sense of wonder . hysteria be lessen ... as the people find themselves move through the crack ... as they discover the fact that the crystal have disappear from they palm . some be joyful ... other frighten ... other puzzle ... as they emerge from the crack in the dome at : 412 full angle - the acre of strange stepped construction we can still see the fire in the b.g. of the shot as Logan hold on to jessica ... ( like gable onto jeanette macdonald at the end of san francisco ) ... full of happiness and hope for the future . as people continue to mill all over the acre of strange step construction ... we see the Old man walking into the shot . Logan and jessica run to he . he look around . people start to gather ... they have never see a white - haire Old man in they life . as people continue to gather around the Old man ... who could not be more delighted ... Logan and jessica be smile ... invite people to touch he ... and some do . yes , he be a old man ... yes , they will all live again to be old man and old woman ... yes , this be the world renewing itself once again . fade out : the end