logan Story by James Mangold written by Scott Frank , James Mangold &amp ; Michael Green final shoot draft - August 23 , 2016 a lcd billboard with defective pixel a beautiful couple dance on a giant can of a red-bull - like drink -- hypno ! the label morph to different flavor . ext . a vacant lot -- night color light from the billboard flicker over a bullet riddled sign : route 85 . U.S. border , EL paso , TEXAS . beneath the sign be a long black limousine . Cars whip past on the highway . then a van pass , blast some future version of techno latino hip hop . a squeal of tire os . now the music get louder as the van return , cruise slowly past the black limo before pull into the lot . five banger bail out and check out the black stretch . the limo door be lock , window tinted , so they can not see what 's inside , but they check out the tire and wheel and like what they see . with the speed of a pit crew , they open the back of the van and out come tool and a jack . int . limo -- same we move over the back bench , past empty bottle , fast food wrapper as a sleeping man' face ratchet into frame . he open he red eye . the man be logan aka the wolverine or more accurately , drunk wolverine . he blink , daze , feel the car lurching upward . older than we have see he , he clutches a tequila bottle . ext . limo -- EL paso highway turnout - night as the back door open , the tequila bottle drop to the dirt and a booted leg step out . Logan shuffles , stiff , to the other side of the stretch where the banger work , remove wheel , light by color light . logan ... uh . please stop , guy . that , .. that be chrome plate lug . they all five turn . some pull gun on the drunk limo driver . he just keep talk , slurring some ... logan ( cont 'd ) you be gonna strip `em . plate flake off , you know ... a jittery banger cock he shotgun . final shoot - 8/23/2016 2. logan ( cont 'd ) it 's a lease , you know , and no one want to pay to ride in a -- -- the jittery banger fire . blow Logan right off he foot . logan ( cont 'd ) fuck . now might be a good time to talk about " fight " describe in the next 100 or so page . basically , if you be on the make for a hyper choreograph , gravity defy , city - block destroy , cg fuckathon , this be not you movie . in this flick , people will get hurt or kill when shit fall on they . they will get just as hurt or just as kill if they get hit with something big and heavy like , say , a car . should anyone in we story have the misfortune to fall off a roof or out a window , they will not bounce . they will die . as for we hero with he so-called eternal life and heal . well , he 's older now . if you keep read , you will discover Logan 's about to get he ass kick . but before we get to that , we should make it clear he ability be not what they be . yes , he 's a drunk , but he 's also fade on the inside . adamantium implant leeching into he system , cause chronic pain and diminish heal , hence booze as painkiller . so by all mean , go ahead and worry about he . now where be we ? oh , yeah -- as the smoke settles , a crowbar - tote banger angrily chew out jitter in Spanish for fire . the other resume they work ... none aware of Logan slowly get up , till -- logan ( cont 'd ) guy ... seriously ... ( get to he foot ) you do not wanna do this . the banger react to Logan with bafflement . ad- lib Spanish reaction , nervous chuckle -- crowbar press down jitter be gun as he move to Logan . we hear a familiar snikt ! as claw slowly extend from one of Logan 's hand , then mostly extend from the other . Logan be still frown at he bad hand when -- crowbar thwacks he skull . a metallic ring . off balance and piss , Logan swing at they as they converge , but he 's drunk and soon they be pound he with knife and gun and fist and a torque wrench . final shoot - 8/23/2016 3. he try he best to keep they from the limo , catch one guy 's bat a inch before it would dent the car . another one of they shoot in that direction , but Logan put himself in front of the bullet . the pain from that little move stop he long enough for they to resume the pummel . suddenly , Logan 's eye go yellow , pupil dilating . he let out a long , loud yell . fury rocket up in he , like cocaine . he stand and ram he claw into crowbar and kick another banger into the back of the open van . yet another run at Logan only to get gore in the neck and toss . this be real work for Logan , not easy . and it be fuel by rage . jitter again raise he saw - off , he will nail the car for sure , but Logan slice off he arm above the elbow . sadly for Logan , the hand , while disconnect from the body it once belong to , be still hold the gun . so , as it hit the dirt , the gun go off , put several pellet - size hole in the door of the limo . this , more than anything else , double Logan anger -- logan ( cont 'd ) motherf -- who get hit once more -- and then go after the last banger who , see he have he chance , leap into the van and spin out of the lot , he wounded compadre in back , spilling onto the dirt as the van bounce back onto the road . Logan pick up he key , some loose change and a single silver bullet . he stand , stare at the hole in he otherwise pristine stretch as rain begins to fall . he suck in deep breath , force himself to regain control . his eye return to normalcy . a phone vibrate os . Logan take out he , look at it ( he 's get a fare ) , kick the jack from the under the chassis . we crane up as Logan start up the stretch and make a loop in the lot , take care to run over the three remain banger before lay rubber onto the highway ... MAIN title begin : call -in guest ( o.s. ) everyone 's asleep , burt . sleep - walk ! hostages ! no one care ! final shoot - 8/23/2016 4. int . / ext . limo - EL paso street - night logan cruise the wet El paso street . lcd billboards for chemically enhance life . gang graffiti on self - drive bus . a kaleidoscope of moment , dark and mundane . call in guest you can not see the connection ? tween the ice cap , pornographer , debt , mutant , poison water , it 's all - ­ color light play against a taxi &amp ; limo id . Logan 's photo over the name : " jame howlett " call in host clyde , its 2026 ! we be talkin `bout a hostage crisis and you be talkin ' mutant ? that 's history , pal . Trey in Galveston , you be on ! a beat throbs through the partition . Logan 's eye flick to -- four inebriated prom boy in back , in pastel tux . Three of they stand on the bench look out the sunroof . they howl and shout , " rapping " with the now blast music , wave to rain - soak hispanics at a heavily guard border gate . close -- logan as he endure the torture , jaw clench , brake light on he face as we CUT to : ext . EL paso gas station -- earlier wet and bullet- riddled from the altercation with the banger , Logan grab a " back - up " suit from the trunk . he hold it up , not in the best shape , but will have to do . back to : int . / ext . limo -- prom car -- EL paso street the prom teens in the back suck vape stick and laugh . two get it on . one pitch forward and yell over the music . teen yo , Driver , you get any bang in this whip ?! Logan pretend he can not hear . instead , he gaze shift to he passenger visor , and what 's tuck there : a page from a spanish penny saver -- a used 70 ft . sunseeker dock in the Gulf of Mexico , LA serenata paint on its transom . scrawle below : " ask $ 60k . " Logan stare hard at the image of the boat . take a center breath -- when the teen begins knocking on the partition . final shoot - 8/23/2016 5. teen ( cont 'd ) yo - Driver ! other teen ` bitch be deaf . int . EL paso gas station -- earlier Logan clean up at the sink . allow a couple slug to pop from he ( slowly heal ) wound as he change into a clean suit . look at himself in the mirror . he phone buzy . logan back to work , old man . ext . plaza theater / arena EL paso - night Logan wait with other driver as muffle off screen " hallelujahs ! " ring out o.s. he look at a large screen tv where the crowd can be see , hand raise , praise God . everywhere be similar word in a " trademark " design -- " you be God 's plan ! " " we be God 's plan ! " " be part of God 's plan ! " " his plan ! " then Logan notice , across the street -- a fiat with mexican plate and a bad headlight double parked . the driver , a woman inside watch he . a child in back in a red jacket watch he too . int . / ext . limo - EL paso street - later - night a old lady and she husband , both in fail health , ride , cling to " God 's plan " merchandise . the Old Lady look out the window at the lose soul on the street . old lady should not we lock the door ? logan they be lock , mar 'am . Logan watch as she husband take she hand . then , Logan notice -- the fiat with mexican plate . he make a quick turn , the old folk slide to one side . he 's lose they . ext . EL paso cemetery ground - dawn Logan in f.g. , toss out some trash as a pastor speak to a grieve assemblage over a grave . final shoot - 8/23/2016 6. returning to he limo , Logan watch the bereave family , draw in spite of himself : how they mourn the loss of they own , how they console each other -- voice Logan . he turn to face a dishevele hispanic woman , 35 . she stand about twenty pace from the batter fiat with one headlight , wiper on . Logan eye the woman , wild - eye , dirty raincoat , get a big whiff of " crazy . " hispanic woman ... I know it be you . Logan move past she , head for he limo in line with other . hispanic woman ( cont 'd ) please . I be in trouble . you be the only one who can help . Logan look at she as the mourner ( he client ) come down the hill toward the line of black vehicle . hispanic woman ( cont 'd ) I need a hero . Logan laugh as he pull a umbrella from he trunk . logan do not we all . he turn to he client , hold the umbrella over a sobbing widow , escort she to the door of he limo . the Hispanic woman just stand there , rain soaking she . hispanic woman ( in spanish ) what the hell happen to you ?! what be you hide from ?! as Logan fall behind the wheel , he check he client in the rear view and that 's when there be a sudden screech -- the fiat make a fast u-turn , nearly sideswipe he . and as it swerve away , Logan glimpsis the figure in the back window . the dark -haired girl in a red slicker , face a blur . ext . EL paso hospital -- morning wide as -- Logan pull he stretch into a spot at a hospital emergency room entrance . he hurry through the rain , meeting a large man in orderly scrub , smoking a vape under a canopy . final shoot - 8/23/2016 7. the two talk for a moment , Logan hand the man cash and the man toy with hand Logan a bag , pull it away , demand more money . they argue . reverse to reveal -- a man in a jeep , watching through the rain , he metal hand on the wheel . int . logan' limo -- outside hospital -- moment later Logan , now carry the bag , hurry through the rain to he limo . he climb inside start it up but be startle by the back door open and close . Logan spin to face -- a smiling man in the back of he stretch . this be Donald pierce , 35 . a southern boy , smooth and playful . pierce as I live and breathe . the wolverine . and he 's a junkie now . logan who the fuck be you ? pierce y'know , you get some buckshot in you door . ( play with the liquor bottle in back ) I hear you be in Phoenix . food 's better there by the way . but then , last night , some friend in Texas h- p call , tell I they find three dead cholos in a pullout out on 54 . not unusual , except one be miss a hand . another a leg . multiple parallel laceration . slashes , femoral , thoracic . so , they be think it be either a escape Tiger or freddy krueger ... but neither of that can drive , one be fictional the other extinct . and since the wheel lug they find belong to a ` 24 gauntlet - - logan get out . now . pierce have she find you yet ? ... gabriela ? ( off Logan 's blank look ) see , I be not look for you , mutey . not really . I be look for someone who 's look for you . ( more ) final shoot - 8/23/2016 8. pierce ( cont 'd ) ( then ) she take something of mine . something for which I be responsible . when I be not look . mexican lady . Long hair , long leg , Long go . have she sight on you . ( off Logan 's glare ) no bell ? logan I do not know any gabriela . so get the fuck out . pierce just smile , unfaze , then shift he gaze to Logan 's bag of pill . peer in , quasi-conspiratorial : pierce I know what you be hide , amigo . cue ball south of the border ? Logan tense , say nothing . logan what do you want ? pierce a little ... cooperation . flick a business card . pierce ( cont 'd ) if she do find you . then pierce exit . cross in the rain to a custom Ram truck , Logan look to the card : donald pierce -- chief of security transigen research , a division of alkali ext . cordova bridge - border - morning a huge fucking wall . " you be now leaving the UNITED states " say the sign mount on top of it . Brown mute light push through the haze over the factory on the mexican side . a agitate Logan in border traffic , talk on he phone as he eye the cameras watch he : logan Mr. espiranza , yes , I know I say June , but I want the boat now . yes . why do that mean the price go up ? ( frustrate ) ( more ) final shoot - 8/23/2016 9. logan ( cont 'd ) yes , I know you want seventy , but I be tell you I have 45 cash now . just bring it to port in baja . the seller hang up . Logan sigh . Logan squint at the penny saver on he seat , a list for a sunseeker circle when a car horn blare . Logan inch forward move past -- a semi pull a livestock trailer load with sad look horse . EL rio meat paint on the side . a border agent nod cheerfully at Logan , recognize he . wave he on . and that 's when we see -- the woman from the cemetery ( gabriela ) watching he from behind the wheel of her fiat . at a distance . she consider follow he , then swing she car around . ext . ciudad juarez - highway 45 -- morning Logan drive through litter mexican street . cinderblock structure pock with bullet hole , metal shutter pull . he merge onto highway 45 , head for the desert . ext . abandoned smelting plant - day a vista of dirt , bisect by train track and fence . Logan slow as he approach a gate . Beyond the gate , a abandoned smelting plant . Logan exit , pull key , unlock the gate . a cart with a propane tank stop as the limo come up the road . camera reveal the cart be push by a tall man in a wide hat , sunglass and glove . he wipe he ghost - pale brow . this be caliban , a albino mutant in he 60' with more than a pass resemblance to edvard munch 's the scream . int . smelting plant -- " kitchen " - day the window be paper to keep out sunlight . caliban , glass , hat and glove off , prepare a tray of food as Logan enter . from somewhere , the sound of a old man shout . caliban he 's have a bad day . logan they be all bad day . Logan toss caliban the bag . he peer in . Logan cross to find something to eat . final shoot - 8/23/2016 10 . caliban he need this six hour ago . this be not enough , you know . it will not last through the week . logan I be work on it . caliban put the bag of med back in Logan 's hand . caliban you turn . Logan sigh and cross toward a cabinet . caliban ( cont 'd ) you know , he tell I last night he 's communicate with someone . caliban follow . the old man 's voice get louder . logan he 's not talk with anybody . caliban do not be so sure . he have all this detail . I think that tank be suppose to provide some sort of barrier . it 's get all this crack in it . what good be that ? logan please stop . move down a corridor , Logan open a cabinet beside a exterior door . pull out a box of syringe kit and restock the pill and a vial of liquid from the bag . load a syringe . caliban he 's be ask question again . he 's try to read my mind . logan ( re : meds ) that 's what this be for . Logan swing open the door and caliban dodge the sudden blast of sunlight as -- ext . abandoned smelting plant -- day Logan cross beneath a catwalk toward a huge round plate tank pitch over on its side . the old man 's voice get louder . he spin open the hatch and step inside -- final shoot - 8/23/2016 11 . int . huge plate tank -- continuous Logan enter the space and find himself face , a old man in a wheelchair make circle around mattress . charle xavier in he 90 . bearded , tuft of white on he pate . a small radio play music with alligator clip to a car battery . charle Friends , I have good News today ! it 's not about what you do . it 's not about you deed . you can not live up to he rule . God know you can not . that 's ok ! we be imperfect ! Logan step over a dumped tray of food , approach Charles with the med . Charles swing he chair around he . charle ( cont 'd ) make way , sir . Logan step into he path and Charles stop . charle ( cont 'd ) I say make way . logan no . charle the new quesalupa from Taco Bell . get it with chicken , get it with steak . but with cheese baked right in the shell it 's the next big -- ( beat ) who be you ? logan you know who I be . charle ( see the syringe ) the man who put I to sleep . logan we could both use some sleep . Logan proceed to roll up Charles ' sleeve , but Charles resist and they struggle for control of the needle -- logan ( cont 'd ) Charles , you be make this -- final shoot - 8/23/2016 12. Charles lunge for the needle and as Logan pull it away , charle fall out of the chair to the floor . he look up at Logan , enraged . a ringing SOUND begin to rise ... charle what be you fuck do to I !? a tremor suddenly shake Charles ' body . and now Logan be hit with a psionic blast . the ringing loud and unbearable , like a fork scraping he brain . Charles eye be now blood red . ext . smelting plant fuel tank - day caliban , head back to the kitchen , suddenly fight a kind of induce paralysis , struggle to move , breathe - - int . smelting plant fuel tank - day Logan , push through the pain , pull out the syringe and inject Charles . the medication immediately take effect , subdue the wave . ext . smelting plant fuel tank - day caliban be release as well , gulp for air . int . smelting plant fuel tank - day Charles lie still , stare up at Logan who shake off the effect of the wave , the ringing fade . he reach down and pick up the disorient old man-- charle how long have I be here ? Logan carry he to the bed and set he down . Charles look around , in tear . Logan do not answer , dump two pill into he palm which he transfer to Charles ' hand . charle ( cont 'd ) what be this ? logan you remember what they be . the shot mellow the seizure , the pill keep they from happen . Charles stare at the pill . logan ( cont 'd ) how `bout you blow on they to make they safe . Charles look up at Logan . final shoot - 8/23/2016 13. charle fuck off , Logan . logan so you know who I be now . charle I always know who you be . sometimes I just do not recognize you . logan take the pill . Charles pop they in he mouth , swallow they . Logan start to clean up the spill dinner . charle ( mutter ) ... you leave I alone with that fuck albino ... he will not listen to I . I know a damn speciation when I see one . logan a what ? charle a speciation . ( then ) a new mutant . a young one . there be force try to kill they ! they need help ! logan too bad you be not in that business anymore . charle they want you help , not mine . ( off Logan 's look ) oh , yes . that 's how fuck stupid they be . they be wait for you . at the statue of Liberty . logan the statue of Liberty be a long time ago , Charles . a long time . Logan cross to the old man . take in the worry on he face . logan ( cont 'd ) there be no new mutant . have not be a new one bear in twenty - five year . not anywhere . final shoot - 8/23/2016 14 . Charles look off . the drug mercifully tug at he . charle impossible . Logan pull the quilt over the old man . logan you always think we be part of God 's plan . maybe we be just God 's mistake . Charles touch Logan 's face . a tender moment until -- charle what a disappointment you be . Logan take this in . stung . charle ( cont 'd ) when I find you , you be pursue a career as a " cage fighter " . logan I be not in the mood for bedtime -- charle a warm capper to life as a assassin , hook on barbiturate . ( smile , dark ) you be a animal , but we take you in . I give you a family . logan ( darken ) they be go now . charle what do you do ? Logan eye he a hard beat , then turn to go . charle ( cont 'd ) answer I ! why be we here ? but Logan ignore he , move for the hatch . charle ( cont 'd ) no one should have to live this way ! drugged ! in a fuck tank ! logan it 's for you own good . final shoot - 8/23/2016 15 . charle no. no it 's not ! you be wait for I to die ! ext . smelting plant fuel tank -- continuous Logan spin the hatch wheel , entombing the old man . he walk away as the yell continue . charle ( o.s. ) drink new hypno plus ! fortify with seven nutrient and extacine 5 , for energy and vitality ! int . logan' bedroom -- smelting plant -- late day a series of shot -- Logan on he back , unable to sleep , the sun hit he face through a soot cover window as he stare hard at the penny saver boat listing : La serenata . he toss the Pennysaver . pace like a panther . shirtless , scar . he stop , look at he right hand , flexe it , stiff , arthritic , knuckle swollen , the slit moist . he force he claw out . they come slow . painfully . Middle one lag . he grab the middle claw with he other hand and pull it hard , slice into he palm , blood flow . ext . smelting plant -- sunset stumble in fade light , he palm wrap with a rag , Logan drink from a bottle and stare at the fade light as he hear Charles call he name in the great pitch tank . int . locker room shower - smelting plant - night Logan let the water run over he scar and swollen joint . bullet wound be close but still visible . int . logan' bedroom - smelting plant - night Logan dress in he chauffeur black . his hand shake make it hard to button he shirt . int . smelting plant kitchen - night Logan enter , find caliban sorting laundry ... Logan pour himself a coffee , fall in a chair . caliban I do not want to fight but we need to talk about this thing . there be thing . final shoot - 8/23/2016 16 . logan what thing . caliban well . would it be consider nag if repeat my observation that the dose be too low . to suppress the seizure . he shake a near a empty pill bottle and put it on the table . Logan examine it . logan it 's what the guy give I . I be not in a position to make demand . caliban I almost die this morning . that seizure be a-- logan it be not even a minute . caliban it feel a lot longer than a minute . I could not breathe . I be in a terrible state . you be less affect , Logan -- please do not give I that look . you know he need a higher dose . and I know you have get more money squirrele away . a red light blink on the load dock . Logan glare at caliban as a rumble rise . logan that money 's to get we out of here . caliban no. not we . you and he . you be save up for a bloody sunseeker . I do not see myself hide below deck like nosferatu , do laundry , do you ? ... fold you underwear . make pig in a blanket . out another window we see -- a freight train pass . caliban cross with he tea , hold something . caliban ( cont 'd ) this be in you pocket . caliban sniff a gleam bullet , set it down . final shoot - 8/23/2016 17 . caliban ( cont 'd ) adamantium . Logan snatch it . look at caliban . do not go here . caliban ( cont 'd ) if you be think of blow you brain out , please wait till you be out on the high seas . thanks . logan I do not need this right now . caliban a year ago , you ask I to help you . and God know I try but I can not help you , not really , if you do not talk to I . I hear you at night . you be not sleep . you do not want to talk about that . or the booze you be drink or the pus you keep wiping from you knuckle or the blood I wash from you clothes or that brand new hole in you chest , that have not heal . and I very much doubt you want to talk about the fact that you can not read the label on the side of that bottle . ( be : the vial ) it 's ibuprofen . Logan stare at the bottle , humiliate . suddenly , he kick back he chair and , off caliban 's nervous expression , slap he cup out of he hand . it shatter . caliban ( cont 'd ) that be my favorite mug . Logan cross to he coat . caliban ( cont 'd ) something 's happen to you , Logan . on the inside . I can smell it . you be sick . Logan move toward the exit , eye aflame . caliban ( cont 'd ) you be suppose to be lead we somewhere . final shoot - 8/23/2016 18. int . / ext . limo / EL paso highway -- night Music blast . Logan drive five bawdy bridesmaid . they laugh and shout . one grin at he , flash he as he pull into they destination . Logan hustle outside , hold the door as they start to stumble out push tip as he . that 's when -- he phone buzy -- Logan squint at what look like a new fare as the last bridesmay exit . he reach in he coat and pull out reading glass ( a Walgreen tag still on they . ) the address on the phone -- 3300 Marquez . ext . LIBERTY motel -- night Logan pull he limo into a lot front a small twentieth century motel next to the freeway . 3300 Marquez . a neon statue of LIBERTY loom overhead . Logan get out of the car and take in the sign . he look to the office and see a woman , ( the manager ) a big lady , tinted hair , thinning , in flip flop , smoking a vape . Logan hear a bounce bounce bounce and turn to see ... the girl in the rain slicker . as he walk into the courtyard , he can see that she be brown skinned , dark - eye , stare at he , stand by the fiat with the broken light , calmly bounce a ball . once in a while she bounce it off the side of the motel , catch it crisply . woman' voice senor Logan . Logan turn and see the hispanic woman from the graveyard stand in the door of one of the room , hold a suitcase . logan oh , Jesus . woman please . ... we need a ride . as she step out of the room , we see that she be weak . logan ( turn to go ) not available . call a cab . woman ( she follows ) I be not crazy . my name be gabriela Lopez . final shoot - 8/23/2016 19 . logan I do not want to know you name ! gabriela ( woman ) there be man after we . they almost get we today . we need to get to North dakota . there , we can cross . to Canada . logan anyone can do that job . gabriela no . it have to be you . I will give you fifty thousand dollar logan ( turn ) how would you find I ? huh ?! ` Cause you be fuck up my life , lady . the people after you be on my ass now . gabriela ... sighting ... be post . logan sighting . gabriela on chat room . people say someone look like the wolverine be in El paso , drive . Said he look old . logan and by people , you mean fat fucktard live in they parent ' basement play with doll ? gabriela whoever it be , they be right . she have a point . the SOUND of shatter glass . lady manager hey ! the girl in the slicker have smashed a motel window with she ball . the manager advance on she with a broom . the girl stare , fascinate and perhaps amused by the angry woman . lady manager ( cont 'd ) wipe that smile off you face , missy ! ( more ) final shoot - 8/23/2016 20 . lady manager ( cont 'd ) I tell you to stop it with that ball . bad girl . mamacita be gonna have to pay for that ! gabriela ( rushing forward ) no. please . stop ! gabriela fall face down on the pavement . the girl run to she but freeze when Logan look up at she . he kneel down . see blood stain gabriela 's raincoat sleeve . bullet wound . lady manager they have to pay for damage . she 's get cash . I see it . logan get you fat ass back in you office . you will get you money . the motel manager flee to she office . gabriela ( panicked , terrify ) do not let she call anyone . they will find we . they will kill we . int . LIBERTY motel room -- night Logan help gabriela to the bed . he take in the mess of file , print out , clipping , toy . he notice a medical kit . crack it open , fully stock , look at gabriela . gabriela I `m a nurse . ( then ) was. in Mexico City . Logan watch as gabriela lift she sleeve , take thing from the kit , minister to she wound . logan when do that happen ? gabriela this morning . near the border . I get away from they . but they know my car now . she reach for the night stand , pries open its cheap side panele , and pull out a bloody envelope hide there . hand it to Logan . there 's a address on the outside and a set of number beneath it . Inside , bundle of greenback . final shoot - 8/23/2016 21. gabriela ( cont 'd ) take it . please . bring we to this address . it 's twenty thousand . you can have thirty more when we get there . my friend will -- logan where do you get this ? gabriela it do not matter . logan do to I . gabriela my boyfriend . he want to kill I . and take she . he eye the girl stand in the door . logan that 's you daughter ? gabriela and the girl exchange look . gabriela ...yes . ( quietly ) he want to hurt she . ( take Logan 's hand ) I know you be still good inside . I know you want to help . ( look in he eye ) please . there will not be any problem . not if we leave now . logan I can not leave right now . gabriela we have to be there Friday . logan or what ? gabriela or we miss we chance . to cross . ( a cough fit , then ) we ... family . they will be there that day . no other day . Logan glance at the girl and back to gabriela . the money in he hand . enough to buy the boat . final shoot - 8/23/2016 22. logan I can get you there Friday . but I need to go home first , take care of some thing . gabriela bring we with you . please . we can help with whatever you need to do . Logan move to the door . gabriela sob , close she eye . logan I will be back in a few hour . ( look at the girl ) keep this lock . and tell you mommy I know she 's lie . Logan exit and we move close on -- the girl . she cross to the window , look out like a sentinel , as Logan 's limo drive away . ext . abandoned smelting plant -- night Logan pull in . the trunk pop open and Logan walk around and grab several bag from the back . then slam it close . int . smelting plant -- kitchen -- night as caliban go through all of the groceries Logan have bring . steak . Ice cream . cereal . bourbon . caliban tell I you do not rob a bank . Logan toss he a white paper bag . caliban look inside -- it 's stuff full of med . caliban ( cont 'd ) so you do rob a bank . logan I get a job that 's gonna pay enough to change thing . but I have to go away . for a week . caliban take this in , watch as Logan open a tequila bottle and continue out the door . ext . abandoned smelting plant -- night caliban poke he head out into the desert night , watch Logan head toward Charles ' tank . final shoot - 8/23/2016 23. int . smelting plant fuel tank -- moment later Logan finish give Charles he pill , lay he down on he bed . Charles be a bit daze . Logan 's phone buzze . he pop on he new eyeglass , look down at it . the text read -- " please hurry . " charle I like that . they make you look young . Logan type back , " on my way . " caliban arrive in the hatchway , watch . logan Charles . listen . I gotta go for a few day . I get a long ride for some good money . when I get back , we be get out of here , okay . gonna drive down to yelapa and get ourselves a boat . live on the ocean . charle and ... you will be safe there ? from the people after you ? Logan meet Charles ' eye . he look to caliban in the door . logan yeah . I will be safe . Charles look up at he , pleased . Logan consider he old friend , then head for the hatch , move past caliban . ext . LIBERTY motel alley and road -- dawn Logan pull into the lot . everything peaceful and wet . a tv glow in the manager 's office . Logan cross to the door to gabriela 's room . he knock . logan ready to go ? but he get no answer , he eye find the splinter wood around the doorjamb . he push the door open ... final shoot - 8/23/2016 24 . int . LIBERTY motel room - morning the room have be trash . blood everywhere . the bed be empty . gabriela be tie to a chair , eye unblink , face blue , body riddled with bullet and cut . logan ... fuck . Logan make a sweep of the room . then recall -- the night stand . pries the side panel free . there , wedge in the gap -- a phone in a pink case . he take it . see she last text be to he . " please hurry ... " he pocket the phone . ext . LIBERTY motel - morning - rain Logan close the door behind he and step into the rain , scan the lot . no sign of the girl anywhere . he look down , notice gouge on the concrete , slashes , fill with rain and blood . then he spot -- a bloody cyborg finger on the pavement . High tech . severe at the knuckle , wire trail . he pick it up . the fuck ? siren begins to rise . he quickly cross to he car , now notice the motel manager dead by the vending machine . ext . abandoned smelting plant -- day Logan barrel through the gate and screech to a stop . get out and head for the small structure behind the tank that contain he bedroom -- caliban hello ! Logan ! -- what happen ? caliban round the corner in he big hat and goggle , approach from he " garden " with a bunch of beet . Logan start to climb the step but turn as caliban follow . caliban ( cont 'd ) do something go wrong ? logan ( move away again ) the job be wrong to begin with . caliban turn away with a sigh , head to the main building . final shoot - 8/23/2016 25 . caliban I will close you trunk . -- I be make borscht for Charles if you want some . he get dress for lunch this be when Logan pause and come back down the step look out to he limo , trunk OPEN , caliban approach it . ext . smelting plant -- a moment later caliban reach , about to shut the trunk -- when logan' hand stop he . Logan peer inside . a child backpack . he grab it . unzip it . medical file . comic book . a plastic horse . other trinket . then he notice something in the trunk bed . a rubber ball . the girl 's ball . caliban ... who do that belong to ? that 's when Logan hear a sound and look to -- a jeep approaching on the horizon . pierce 's Jeep . caliban ( cont 'd ) who 's that ? logan be not you suppose to see shit come ? caliban I be a glorify truffle pig , not a clairvoyant . logan go inside . keep Charles quiet . ( dead serious ) go. Inside . caliban shuffles away as -- Logan watch the jeep turn onto the ground and come to a stop in a dust cloud . Donald pierce climb out in a windbreaker . he approach , take in the property . logan ( cont 'd ) you need to turn around , asshole . this be private property . pierce ( laugh , come closer ) yes , it be . in fact , I believe it belong to a multinational smelting company base in shanghai . ( more ) final shoot - 8/23/2016 26 . pierce ( cont 'd ) ( smile ) where you keep the old man ? in there ? or there . I would like to meet he . I be tell hsa classify he brain as a weapon of mass destruction now . ` damned shame , what happen back east . logan he 's be dead for a year . pierce do not look convinced . or all that interested . pierce I need the girl . logan what girl . pierce one that go with that ball you be hold . that 's special rubber , you know . coate with something call j- tek . get in through the skin . ( faux serious ) very calming . like magnesium but without the side effect . ( smile ) you feel calmer ? logan there 's no girl here . another laugh , then -- pierce I know you go to the motel . logan I be call there . there be no girl . just the woman . pierce " the woman " . ( sigh ) such as she be . ( look up ) so you see gabriela but you do not call I ? ( stick out lower lip ) that hurt . say , you do not shoot the poor thing , do you ? final shoot - 8/23/2016 27 . logan no. do you ? pierce I ask you first . logan I do not like gun . pierce of course . ( laugh ; then dead serious ) I wish you have call I , Logan . like I ask . the man take a step closer and Logan grab he by the arm . feel something there and look at the man who smile ... pierce have a cyborg arm . ending in a gleam , metal hand . a cyborg hand miss a finger . pierce ( cont 'd ) ( smile ) see . you be not the only one who 's be enhanced -- out of nowhere a SOUND a lot like a boomerang as a lead pipe - -- thwap -- hit pierce in the head -- and down he goe . Logan turn , stunne to see -- the girl stand by a out-build . logan hey ! she look at Logan , then suddenly wing another pipe at he . Logan watch it come and catch it , about to wing it back when -- charle Logan . Logan turn to see Charles in he chair at the door of the main building . look better than usual . caliban behind he . charle ( cont 'd ) Logan . caliban . this be Laura . he then smile at the girl ... charle ( cont 'd ) ( in spanish ) we have be wait for you . final shoot - 8/23/2016 28. he motion for she to come inside . caliban look to Logan . charle ( cont 'd ) this way , child . come here , Laura . the girl ( LAURA ) cross , snatch she backpack from Logan , then step over pierce and cross to Charles . bewildere , Logan kneel pull a gun from pierce 's waistband . he hand it to caliban who land beside he , take in the cyborg hand and the tattoo on pierce 's neck . caliban look like ex-military . maybe a bounty hunter ? he hand caliban Don pierce 's business card . logan worse . caliban read alkali on the card . caliban he 's by himself ? logan not for long . ( thinking ) get he back in he ride . drive he to the wash and dump he . then take the car into juarez , leave it for the vulture . caliban what if he wake up before I get there ? he hand caliban the gun . logan text I where you be and we will pick you up . int . smelting plant kitchen - later - day Logan enter with a duffle , shove supplies in it . he watch as -- Charles sit beside " Laura " as she ravenously eat a bowl of cereal . Charles speak to she gently . final shoot - 8/23/2016 29 . charle you do what you could , Laura . ( she look at he ) well . yes . of course , it 's painful . Logan eye laura' backpack which she keep close . he grab it but Laura stand , hold the strap . Logan shove she down . she grab he arm . logan you will get it back -- after I figure out what you and you mother have get we into . charle Logan . logan what . Logan peer in she bag , notice file , a toy horse and comic book . he wince , look up as Charles wheel over . charle that be not she mother you meet . logan so she talk . charle we be communicate . logan ( hand he pill ) take they -- now . ( go back to pack ) we have to go . leave . it be not safe here anymore . and you can not have a attack out there . understand ? charle ( swallow the pill ) she 's the mutant I tell you about . the one we have to help . logan she 's not a mutant . charle yes , she be . final shoot - 8/23/2016 30 . logan ( crossing to a duffel ) what 's she gift , eat ? pipe throw ? Logan be interrupt by a loud rumble as the nightly freight train approach . Laura bolt up from the table . Charles reach out for she ... charle it 's alright , Laura . it 's only a train . a choo choo . he nod to the monitor . we see the freight train pass in the distance . she stare at it . like she 's never see one . logan ( exiting ) we gotta go . int . caliban be car - day caliban at the wheel , in glove and sun hat . the gun Logan give he on the dash . he pull to a stop . int . / ext . caliban be car - mexican road - day caliban drag a unconscious pierce out of the car . he move to exit , cross to close the jeep 's rear hatch when he hear a soft rumble . he look off and see ... all terrain vehicle in the distance . lot of they . caliban turn back to see pierce stand by the driver door . grinning ... he reach for the gun on the dash and cock it . pierce you be fuck now , mutey . ext . abandoned smelting plant - day as Logan shove the last of the pack bag , and whatever else he 's grab , into the trunk . the same rumble . he look up at -- a cloud of silt rise on the horizon . int . smelting plant kitchen - day as Laura hear the rumble and stand . charle it 's alright . it 's just another -- final shoot - 8/23/2016 31 . logan ( come in the door ) -- it 's not a train . we gotta go ! out the window , four black federale truck approach in a cloud of dust . armed man in black hang onto the vehicle . behind the truck , the same four large custom all terrain vehicle . a different type of man be on board this , mercenary , in full tactical gear . note -- we will call the mercenary riding behind the federale , the reaver . they outclass the federale with they weapon , vehicle , armor and skill . many have weaponize appendage where miss limb should be . Logan take hold of Charles ' wheelchair , push he to the door . he pass Laura , point at she , a order : logan ( cont 'd ) do not move ! charle ( as he wheel out ) do not be afraid , child . he will come back for you ! she look at Logan , not so sure . ext . abandoned smelting plant - day Logan wheel a bounce Charles rapidly out the door over the gravel and rock toward the limo . charle ... bloody hell . the rumble get louder and Logan and Charles look up as -- the vehicle smash through the gate . charle ( cont 'd ) my God ... int . / ext . limo - abandoned smelting plant - day -- as Logan lift he into the back of the limo , throw the wheelchair in the trunk . charle Logan ! Logan quickly unzip he duffel , grab something else . the federale almost upon they . Charles yell at Logan as he slam the trunk and return to Charles ' door . final shoot - 8/23/2016 32. charle ( cont 'd ) Logan ! you have to go back for she ! logan she 's not we problem . Logan grab a seat belt and hurriedly strap Charles in ... and do so , surreptitiously pull out a load hypodermic and jam it into the old man 's ( numb ) thigh . charle I know what you just do . Logan jump behind the wheel , turn it over , hit the gas -- charle ( cont 'd ) logan ! from the opposite direction , three more truck load with federale and four mercenary on dirt bike , block they . Logan stomp on the brake and slide to a stop . a door open and Donald pierce step out of he truck , he suit now dust from he earlier misadventure . around he , federale and reaver all train they gun on the limo . jumping off one of the federale jeeps , a mexican commander , chest decorate with mid-level brass , order he man to take tactical position surround the structure . he bark order in Spanish and hold a police sketch of Laura . federale commander este es el mutante ! capturar of matar ! int . smelting plant kitchen - day Laura sit at the table . she refill she bowl with cereal and eat it methodically with she spoon , watch the stand - off outside through the window like a tv show . int . / ext . limo - abandoned smelting plant - day Logan watch as pierce walk toward they limo . Charles get fuzzier in back , the med kick in . charle Logan ... logan I be think . final shoot - 8/23/2016 33. charle ( raise a finger , dreamily ) the child , Logan . we must not forget Laura . ... Logan ... logan ( eyeing pierce approach ) please be quiet . pierce arrive at the driver 's side window , see Charles in back , smile down at the old man smile back at he . pierce ah , Charles xavier . the most want octogenarian in North America -- Logan shove the door open into pierce , knock he back . the SOUND of many gun clicking as the federale train weapon on logan . but Logan get in pierce 's face , fiery : logan where 's caliban ? charle ( roll down window , loopy ) Excuse I . I be a nonagenarian , actually ... pierce how about you tell I where the girl be first . or maybe I ought to ask the cue ball . seem friendly . logan I tell you , she 's not here . where 's caliban ?! pierce smirk , amused by Logan 's anger . pierce I leave he in the same hole you be go to leave I . Logan lose it , lunge for he -- when someone hit Logan from behind . hard . and again . as Logan fall to he knee and turn -- snikt -- and separate a reaver from he arm . logan ( to pierce ) you get extra barbecue tong for this guy ? the federale commander nod . final shoot - 8/23/2016 34 . and a swarm of federale attack logan with rifle butt and boot and beat he to the ground . there be too many . pummel , overwhelm , he limb all pin , Logan turn over to find pierce's foot to he throat . pierce lean down . pierce Jesus . see you this way , wolverine , it break my heart . logan as soon as I rip it out of you chest , fuck-stick . pierce smile , then nod to one of the reaver ( Mohawk ) who jump off he bike and advance toward a side door of the smelting Plant . he 's carry a steel restraining collar . the federale Commander shout to pierce . federale commander ( in spanish ) no one go in without federale escort . I be in charge . Mohawk pause . the Commander dispatch two of he federale to lead he inside , weapon draw . int . smelting plant kitchen - day the door open as mohawk and the two federale creep into the dark room adjacent to the kitchen , advance toward -- Laura at the kitchen table , she back to they . she seem oblivious as she pour more cereal , eat with she spoon . one of the federale accidentally kick a bottle and Laura pause she spoon in the air . ext . abandoned smelting plant - day on logan , watch . Charles , watch . suddenly , there be scream from inside the structure . men' scream . then it be quiet . everyone turn as -- creeaaak . a steel door open wide . LAURA step from the dark into the blaze light . she squint . pierce step off Logan , have find he quarry . pierce that -a-girl . final shoot - 8/23/2016 35 . -- and now LAURA boot something which roll to pierce 's foot . pierce and the federale Commander look down at -- a severe head . with a mohawk . then she toss the steel restraint collar to the dirt . pierce ( cont 'd ) ( sigh ) ... Laura . on logan -- pull himself up from the ground as -- LAURA -- continue walk toward pierce . hand at she side . pierce ( cont 'd ) Laura . stay where you be . you want to see you friend , right ? on pierce -- as he nod to the reaver to prepare to take she . a cyborg - legged reaver open the door of a containment tank in back of one of they vehicle . yet another reaver ( pretty boy , not ) assemble a savage harpoon and restraint system . but the federale Commander suddenly order he man to -- federale commander tomar el mutante ! and the circle of federale move in on LAURA . pierce Commander , stop ! federale commander you say alive or dead . snikt ! -- bloody claw extend from laura' knuckle . pierce Laura ! no ! no !! on logan -- he react to the claw . in shock . can not believe what he 's see . with the attention on Laura , Logan start move , limping , back to the limo . his eye meet -- Laura 's . a moment of mutual recognition . it break as she turn to face the federale . on charle -- who , struggle against the med , press himself against the glass , stare at Laura . final shoot - 8/23/2016 36 . charle ... my Lord . back to LAURA as -- the federale lunge at her and , sadly for they , Laura leap in the air and become a whirling dervish of death . limb and weapon slice from she attacker like a topiary . gun fire to no effect as Laura evade the shot . this little girl have be create , design and train for one thing and one thing only : kill . and she 's a virtuoso . this wave dispatch , LAURA flee , hide behind the catwalk support . the armed federale hunt for she among the support and she start pick they off , one by one , with she blade and even with they own gun . suddenly , Laura be pin against a concrete wall by a muscle bound reaver . with a acrobatic move , she boot he in the nut and leap over he , manage to run as -- pretty boy fire the harpoon gun , retract the cable and pin she to the ground . reaver and federale surround her and pretty boy be about to put on the restraint when -- snikt ! -- logan gut pretty boy from behind -- and engage the other as Laura pull the harpoon from she side and run . Laura be grab by three more reaver , who restrain her and start to drag her away -- but , snikt ! -- two adamantium foot claw emerge from her feet drag on the concrete , make a ringing sound , like chalk on a black board and -- suddenly -- with a double scissor- kick -- she stab one reaver in the thigh and the other in the throat , she gleam foot claw stick out the back of he neck . Logan stare , slack -jaw . then notice -- pierce and another reaver be move on the limo , about to take Charles . Logan toss they back and -- int . / ext . limo - abandoned smelting plant - continuous Logan drop behind the wheel , watch through the windshield as Laura take on six or seven more hostile . charle ( drunk with the med ) ... as I say , Logan , she 's a mutant ... like you . very much like you , in fact . Logan grimly start the engine . final shoot - 8/23/2016 37 . charle ( cont 'd ) where be we go ? Logan ignore Charles as he put the limo in gear , gain speed , and then -- make a hard u- turn and -- wham ! plows into the federale and LAURA ( who jump on the hood to avoid impact ) . Logan accelerate again , Laura cling to the hood . Logan punch a button , open the sunroof as gunfire start to hit they limo . Laura leap into the limo . Charles smile at she , pleased and seemingly oblivious to the gunfire : charle ( cont 'd ) Laura ! as they take a hard turn , a side window shatter and LAURA instinctively shield charle from the bullet . LAURA get hit and matter of factly suck the slug out of she arm and spit it on the seat like Lee marvin . Logan meet eye with Charles in he rear view . and that 's when they be hit with a barrage of bullet -- wider -- smelting plant the federale have leapt into there jeep and fire at Logan 's limo as they spin out in the dirt , in pursuit . disgust , pierce also get behind the wheel and lead he reaver in the opposite direction . the plant gate blocked by the armada of vehicle , Logan drive straight at the chainlink fence -- and we prepare for a classic action movie fence smash . logan hold on ! but the limo hit the fence , bend the support and grind to a pathetic halt , tangled in mesh . as it would in real life . federale open fire at the limo as Logan gun the engine in reverse , try to get traction on the dirt . other federale speed toward they on motorcycle . under massive fire , bullet -riddle , Logan 's limo find purchase , and he 's back out at high speed , rip a long section of chain link from its post and drag this " tail " with he ( drive backwards now ) . final shoot - 8/23/2016 38. logan swerve hard and the chain link " tail " swing out and wipe out the reaver bike . one of the rider tumble and grab onto the chain link tail , the limo drag he . the reaver claw he way along the chain link toward the hood of the car , draw he gun , fire at the windshield . Logan duck and spin the car around . the drag fence swing wide , losing the reaver on the fence . pierce angrily peel he truck in another direction . Logan see the main gate ahead . as he gun for it , he notice the flashing red train - warning light at the load dock . two federale jeep reach the side of the limo , gun aim squarely at Logan . Laura and Charles react as -- Logan steer the limo through a series of concrete structure forcing the jeep into violent collision . Logan gun he limo into -- ext . OPEN desert - day logan' limo race from the plant ground , approaching -- a hulking freight train arrive quickly from parallel track . the train be move faster than the limo . Logan make a hard leave , cranking the wheel just clipping the front corner of pierce 's truck , spin toward the track . the train have almost caught up with they as -- the limo plows straight into the side of a federale truck which get squeeze between the limo and train . spark fly . logan spin the wheel , pushing the truck ( and the federale Commander in it ) into the path of the train as -- logan gun he limo across the track its rear end pinged by the locomotive -- and the federale truck obliterated . logan' limo come to a stop on the other side . Logan look back through the move freight car at -- pierce and the remain reaver , stick until it pass . it 's a long train . ext . / int . limo - rural highway - day Logan 's batter limo racing at 120 mph . final shoot - 8/23/2016 39 . Logan 's eye darting to he rearview , peel for any sign of reaver . he glance back at -- LAURA , beside Charles , she gaze fix out the window . logan who the fuck be you ? Laura slowly turn , acknowledge Logan 's existence . charle you know who she be , Logan . logan no. I do not . charle do she remind you of anybody ? Laura hold Logan 's glare with she own equally hard look . Logan flare , peer tensely back out the windshield as he take a hard turn . ext . abandoned smelting plant - morning Donald pierce step over a mangle reaver as the remain " soldier " clean up after the fight . pierce leave nothing behind fella . we be not here ! he walk toward the main building , then look back . pierce ( cont 'd ) bring I the tracker . int . smelting plant kitchen - morning pierce step inside and take in the room . pick up the red slicker on the chair . find she ball in the pocket . he turn as the door be opened and a seriously injured caliban be carry inside and shove into a chair . he 's hook up to a iv , he head be cover with a hood . pierce rip off the hood and slap caliban 's batter face . pierce wakey wakey . caliban blink he pale eye open . pierce sit down across from he and smile . final shoot - 8/23/2016 40 . pierce ( cont 'd ) you know , I read about you when I be a kid . you track that crazy gill mutey fishy motherfuck , what be he name , Wave ? ( flutter he metal digit ) tracked he halfway `cross the Atlantic they say . and you be underwater . Inside a sub . and you find he anyway . shit . that 's a gift . that 's trackin ' ! caliban I be sorry . I believe you be think of someone else . pierce grin . suddenly strike caliban with he metal hand . pierce ' I be not mistaken , you use to work for my team , for the good guy . you be help round up all the old mute . caliban say nothing . pierce pick up Laura 's ball . pierce ( cont 'd ) what change ? ' you get religion ? pierce slide Laura 's red slicker onto the table . pierce ( cont 'd ) gonna need you to help the good guy one more time , and track one more special for I . caliban I will not . I will not help you . pierce turn toward the black out kitchen window . start to peel at the tar paper . pierce of course that 's what you would say . but then I get this theory that people do not really change . pierce suddenly pull the tar paper , releasing a shard of bright sunlight . caliban cry out , try to turn away . pierce ( cont 'd ) beware the light , caliban . I bet that 's what you mommy say every day when you be a kid . final shoot - 8/23/2016 41. caliban please -- pierce beware the light . two reaver force he face into the bright light . the mutant 's eye open . it burn . pierce ( cont 'd ) let 's not bring out the worst in each other . the girl 's not worth it . she 's not a natural fuck - up like you . she 's a business mistake . R &amp ; D go bad . there 's liability . they can not have thing with patent run around hurt people . so we need to get she off board before she hurt anybody else , someone you care about maybe . pierce nod to he man and they put the hood back over caliban 's head and haul he out , cry . whispered voice ( v.o. ) ... my name be gabriela Lopez . close on -- a phone , gabriela's phone on the screen we see -- a shaky selfie of gabriela in a Mexico City apartment . she look healthier but grim . gabriela I be a nurse and for ten year I have work at transigen research in Mexico City . on screen , we be move through corridor of a high end research facility . see flash of gabriela in reflection in glass , in a nurse 's uniform , recording surreptitious video . gabriela ( cont 'd ) transigen be a own by a american company . and they pay better than any mexican hospital . a shaky shot -- close on letterhead from a memo -- alkali . gabriela ( cont 'd ) what I be about to show you be illegal in the U.S. and Canada -- close on -- a new selfie of gabriela , now in a stockroom . final shoot - 8/23/2016 42. gabriela ( cont 'd ) -- and that be why they come here . CUT to -- a brightly lit ward . a sloppy pan across a group of drugged child ( age 5 - 15 ) as they be prodd into kennel - like enclosure decorate with tatter stuff animal . gabriela ( cont 'd ) this child be bear in this building . they be bear here and they have never leave . never see the sun or ocean , the rain or snow or any of God 's creature . sleep mat on tile floor with expose drain and hose . armed guard , some miss limb , perhaps recognizable as reaver , juxtapose against the cheerful sound of musak . this place be a cross between a Children 's hospital and a kennel . gabriela ( cont 'd ) they have no birth certificate , no name beside the one we have give they . they be raise in the belly of mexican girl . grainy photo flip past , a blood spraye birthing room . gabriela ( cont 'd ) -- girl no one can find anymore . image of test tube . vial of liquid . electron microscope . gabriela ( cont 'd ) they father be semillas genética , special seed in bottle . video of a birthday party in the ward . the child ( 5 year old ) sing in Spanish over a birthday cake with the mexican staff . they be suddenly interrupt by a red haire man in a lab coat . new shot -- the Red haire man -- corridor surreptitiously record as he chastise the mexican staff . we pick up snatch of word . red haire man we do not bring they cake , Maria . we do not dress they up for Halloween . we do not call they baby or kiss boo boo . they be part of a study . do not think of they as child . think of they as thing . ( more ) final shoot - 8/23/2016 43. red haire man ( cont 'd ) they have patent and copyright . like this -- ( throw a stapler ) comprende ? now we see -- shaky video of two kide fighting in a padd room . a lab technician inject one with something and that one start beat the other , exhibit tremendous strength . a staff member scream in Spanish and try to break it up . a alarm sound . the boy be hit with teasers . gabriela they tell we they be part of a pharmaceutical study . new shot -- the camera now explore a room that look like a gun range , with pad and hacked up dummy . a kid fire a automatic weapon with brutal accuracy . new shot -- Children spar with men in body armor ( reaver ) . special ops combat skill in 8 year old body . camera pan to -- a observation window high above the floor . the red haire man , 40 , watch , expressionless . gabriela ( cont 'd ) but of course , that be a lie . close on -- a selfie of gabriela at she apartment . gabriela ( cont 'd ) they think we be too poor and stupid to understand . we be poor , but we be not stupid . I know what they be do . she hold up several yellowed newspaper article about xmen . and then several xmen comic book . gabriela ( cont 'd ) when I be a child , I learn English from this . reverse to reveal we be -- int . / ext . limo -- truck stop - TEXAS highway - morning Logan and Charles in the back , rapt , watch the video on gabriela 's phone , propped on the coffee table . Logan hand Charles some pill and , after see he pop they in he mouth , turn back to the video . final shoot - 8/23/2016 44 . gabriela ( on phone ) this be business . they be make soldier . weapon x. this be baby of mutantes muerta . the video suddenly stop . screen go black . charle be there more ? play it . Logan put on he read glass , pick up the phone , try to get it to play again . as he do this , Charles spit out he pill and drop they in the seat crevice . logan battery 's dead . we need a plug . charle how far be it ? ( off Logan 's confusion ) to North dakota . logan Charles . charle you take that woman 's money . you tell she you would take the child there . Logan stare out the open door at -- LAURA , sit solemnly in one of that " buck bronco " ride as it bounce and play a repeat fanfare . logan what be she ? charle she 's you daughter , Logan . ( off he glare ) alkali have you genetic code . logan not just mine . outside , the horse ride have stop move . Laura hit the button over and over , but nothing happen . she bang on the side and , still , nothing happen . charle Logan ... final shoot - 8/23/2016 45 . logan I do not wanna hear it . I do not want to talk about it anymore . charle Logan . logan stop . charle I have to pee . Logan look at he . oh. ext . truck stop -- day on LAURA as -- snikt -- a claw come out . she try to jam it into the buck bronco machine 's coin slot . Logan grab she wrist , hold out a quarter . logan last ride . then we be leave . he nod to the claw , she retract it . then she grab the quarter from he . logan ( cont 'd ) you be welcome . Logan cross to the -- int . truck stop men' room - day we look at a half close handicapped stall door as Logan and Charles shuffle about inside . charle stop it . for God 's sake I can do that myself ! logan well , you be not do it ! ext . truck stop - day as Logan wheel Charles back to the car , he look over at the buck bronco ride . laura' gone . int . truck stop convenience store - day Laura walk down a aisle , look at the colorful product . she grab a can of pringles , start in on it . final shoot - 8/23/2016 46 . then she stop and look at a floor display of hypno , mag and all the variation of " energy drink . " Laura grab a can , open it and take a long drink . she 's bounce as she walk now ... a clerk look up from he phone at she eat snack . Laura stop at a sunglass rack , munch . notice a pair of shade . put they on , eat more , look at herself . clerk yo. girlie . you gotta pay for that . Laura look up with she mouth full . she start for the door . the clerk block she way . she just look up at he . clerk ( cont 'd ) where 's you mommy and daddy ? she continue stare . shove some pringles in she mouth . clerk ( cont 'd ) alright , that 's enough -- he swipe the pringles can from she hand , about to take the sunglass from she nose , when , in a terrifyingly swift move , she throw the clerk to the floor , straddle he , hand on he throat the other raise -- snikt -- claw out . clerk ( cont 'd ) Holy shit ! oh God Jesus , no ! that 's when a hand again grab Laura by the wrist . logan not okay . Logan push Laura to the door turn to the clerk -- logan ( cont 'd ) sorry . -- then grab a handful of cigar and a phone charger , steal a look at a security camera on he way out . int . ext limo -- oklahoma -- night a great starry sky as the desert become the plain . the limo sit , park along a flat stretch of Oklahoma highway . Laura and Charles be asleep in back . final shoot - 8/23/2016 47 . Logan sit up front in the darkness , leg across the bench , stare at the road ahead and then at the Pennysaver clipping for the boat on he visor . and the envelope of cash . a billboard up ahead hype gambling and show in oklahoma CITY , 50 mile away . there be a small beep . Logan sigh , look down to gabriela 's pink phone plugge into the charge . it 's come to life . he raise the partition and hit play . on the phone screen -- part two of gabriela's video : we see a " staff member " pinned on the floor , skin smoking , he neck be grip by a 9 year old with glow eye . people scream . " Leo ! basta ! basta ! " the boy lean back and start cry . the staff member be dead . gabriela as the child become older , they become difficult to control . another surreptitious video . a bumpy skinned child expertly shoot a automatic weapon into target dummy in a indoor range . suddenly they turn and shoot the instructor . scream . a moving shot . the boy with glowing eye be chase by security up a staircase to a rooftop . a alarm whoops . the boy land outside and , for a moment , breathes air and stare at Mexico City . panicked staff yell to he in Spanish as -- the boy throws himself off the ledge . gabriela ( cont 'd ) they teach they to kill -- but they do not remove they heart . another child be forcibly cuffed in a now familiar restraint system , hiss , spitting , vibrate , loose object fly around the room . other child watch . some weep . gabriela ( cont 'd ) they could not be control . another shot -- a trickle of blood run to a drain . tilt to find a young LAURA in a smock , seemingly drugge , sitting on the floor of a tile room . she stare at she arm as she cut it with a metal claw , then watch it heal , then cut again . the camera / phone drop and we see a dutch image of Laura as gabriela comfort she , say " what be you do , baby ? " in Spanish . Laura cry on she shoulder . final shoot - 8/23/2016 48. gabriela ( cont 'd ) a soldier who cannot be control be not a good soldier . a long lens glimpse of the red haire man , temperamental , gesticulate , walk up a corridor , trail by pierce . now a shot from a moving car -- of a windowless structure . gabriela ( cont 'd ) ( whisper ) Inside this building be something new . something better than X -23. stolen shot from in the new build -- flash of tank containing adult human organ , limb submerge in liquid on collagen form : arm , heart , foot -- some be harvest . gabriela ( cont 'd ) I get inside yesterday . the red haire man confer with technician . a reaver notice gabriela who hide she camera / phone . she claim ( in Spanish ) to be lose . gabriela ( cont 'd ) they tell we to destroy file . they say the Cancer program have fail . the female mexican staff , some cry , shred medical file as out the door a child be drag away by a reaver ... gabriela ( cont 'd ) they start put the child to sleep . like dog . we hear gabriela tell they ( in Spanish ) that " we cannot let they do this " . some of the staff meet she eye . new shot -- gabriela in a supply closet , door cracked ... gabriela ( cont 'd ) ( hushed ) we be go to save as many as we can . I have read about a place in the north . a place for mutant . they call it eden . some flash of image of a escape . a alarm sounding . panic . security . federale coming to the lab . running . crying child . exhortation to the kid to keep run . gunfire . logan react to the chaos . final shoot - 8/23/2016 49 . gabriela ( cont 'd ) I have not show anyone what you have now see . not until I be sure Laura be safe . and now on the phone -- a image of gabriela LOPEZ in the motel room , barely able to keep her head up ... gabriela ( cont 'd ) if you be watch this , it mean I be dead . I be not sure if any other child survive . we be separate . I be sorry , but there be no more money . that be a lie . you have everything I have in my life . Logan react to this . gabriela ( cont 'd ) she be not my child ... but I love she . you may not love she but she be you child . I see now you be not a hero . you be not what I read about . maybe you never be . but please , I beg you , please bring she to safety . the recording end . Logan toss the phone down . he reach up for the mirror , adjust it so he can see -- Laura . lying there , in a ball , sleep , a plastic horse doll in she hand . some comic book under she head . suddenly , she awake , she eye meeting he . and hold . Logan blink under the weight of she gaze . then she look away and roll over . int . / ext . logan' limo -- oklahoma CITY -- night Laura awake on the leatherette bench and look up to Charles , sleep soundly , hold she hand . color light pass over he face . she turn to see light play outside she window . she sit up to face -- the spectacle of a modern gambling strip . Dancing light and thematic facade throb like firework . a car pass , blast thumping hip hop . Charles blink awake . we see in he eye a quiet panic as he look out at he surroundings and , for a moment , seem to have no idea how he get here nor who this people be . final shoot - 8/23/2016 50 . Laura meet he eye . it start to come back to he . he look out the window as they pull into a casino parking area . charle ... be this where we be hide out ? logan we be not hide out . we be gonna get a couple hour sleep , clean up , get new clothes , ditch the limo , get a new ride and get the fuck out . ext . oklahoma CITY casino / HOTEL - valet - night Logan pull to a stop a valet who eagerly approach until he see the thrash condition of they ride and its frazzle passenger . Logan hand he cash . logan keep it out front . Laura step out , cling to she horse . dazzle by the throbbing light and sexy throbbing musak . int . oklahoma CITY casino / HOTEL - lobby - night weary , Logan hold a electronic key in he hand as the threesome move past slot and gambling table still operate in the middle of the night . Laura be overwhelm by noise , light and activity . she jump when a loud bell ring as someone win a jackpot . Charles put a hand on she . Logan hit the up button of the elevator and , as they wait for the door to open , they all look at -- a display for a casino clothing store . a male mannequin in handsome western wear stand beside a shapely cowgirl and a little kid mannequin in a unicorn tee / skirt and studd denim jacket . Charles eye a suit and hat on a mannequin in a easy chair with a pipe . Bing ! -- the elevator door open . int . oklahoma CITY casino / HOTEL - elevator - night they enter , Logan push Charles who carry shopping bag in he lap and try on a new hat , tag attach . as the door close , Logan press they floor , the button light and Laura start to press other floor . Logan swat she hand . meanwhile , Charles dig in the bag , offer Logan a new baseball hat with a tag on it , tissue paper fall . final shoot - 8/23/2016 51 . logan please wait till we be in the room . the door suddenly re-open and there be a couple ( dress nicely ) and awkwardness as Logan hit the door close button . logan ( cont 'd ) sorry . go up . Laura start hit other button again . he swat she again . int . oklahoma CITY casino / HOTEL - suite - dawn Oklahoma City lie beyond the big window , morning light fill this well appoint suite . we see the remain of a room service breakfast . clothing wrapper and box be scattered about . in a robe , Laura help Charles finish don he new outfit . suddenly , there be gunshot from the tv. Laura turn . on screen -- a shootout in a 50' technicolor western . Elisha cook Jr be gun down in the mud by Jack palance . charle this film be a classic , Laura . almost a hundred year old now . I first see it at the esoldo in dewsbury when I be you age . onscreen -- now , it 's a cemetery scene where the homesteader sing a hymnal as they lower Elisha cook Jr. to the ground . int . HOTEL - suite - bathroom - same a line of mini bar bottle stack on the sink , Logan dress in front of the mirror . exhaustion catch up with he , he body still scar from the battle at the smelting plant . he finish buttone a new shirt . pick up he hat . his eye land upon Laura 's bloody clothes on the floor . her backpack nearby . Logan open the backpack , pull out that file he would see before . transigen and alkali stamp on they . he flip through they -- record for the young mutant ( some we see on gabriela 's video ) , we glimpse detail : x23 - 44 : project himself into other people via ocular lock . x23 - 22 : can freeze object with she cryogenic breath . x23 - 20 : can transform and move organic plant life -- grasses , tree , plant , a sort of green " magneto " . x23 - 11 : can generate seismic energy in nearby object ... final shoot - 8/23/2016 52. Logan keep flipping through the file , until he find the one he 's really look for : LAURA . " High iq " " volatile emotional swing " " difficult to control " " Signs of Manic Depression in source genetics . " " source DNA : jame howlett . " clinical photo of Laura 's adamantium implant . Medical image of this little girl on a stainless table , in exquisite pain . Logan can not look anymore . they bring back he own dark memory . close it , he find a wrinkle photo clipped to the back . it 's of gabriela and another nurse ( maria ) with other young mutant in a lab . on back be that address in North dakota . and a list of name : " delilah , rictor , Bobby , Rebecca , Laura and Charlotte . " Logan tuck the file back in the backpack , then notice something else ... wad in a side pocket . several comic book . x- men comic book . logan ... for fuck 's sake . ext . truck stop - morning as pierce and he reaver show up and take over the place . they start sealing it off , and head in to the mini mart ... int . truck stop mini mart - morning the clerk be scared / confuse as pierce and a reaver enter and lock the door behind they ... clerk who be you guy ? more cop ? dude , I already tell they everything . int . / ext . van - truck stop - morning where a batter caliban sit , guard by a reaver , the red slicker in he lap . the reaver beside he reach over and raise the shade . caliban recoil and we now see the blister on he face from the previous exposure to light . int . oklahoma CITY casino / HOTEL - suite - day Laura finish tie she new shoe amid some clothing box . she also wear a new unicorn shirt , new skirt and legging . the one from the display . she 's pleased and meet eye with -- final shoot - 8/23/2016 53. Logan , who emerge from the bathroom with the backpack . he doubletake at she , then grab another bottle from the mini bar . we hear can gunfire from the next room . Laura cross to Charles in the bedroom and sit on the edge of the bed where he be watch " Shane . " on screen , the big " shoot out " grab Laura 's attention . Logan walk in , watch indifferently . Laura remain rivete as on-screen -- shane kneel down and say goodbye to little joey : shane ( on tv ) a man have to be what he be , joey . can not break the mould . I try and it do not work . there 's no live with a kill . there 's no go back . right or wrong , it 's a brand . a brand that stick . now run on home to you mother , and you tell she ... everything 's alright and there be not any more gun in the valley . Logan look up as he hear a sigh from Charles . Logan clear he throat and they both turn he way . he hold up the the x-men comic . logan you read this in you spare time ? she see the comic in he hand , backpack in the other -- get up and grab they both from Logan and turn back to the film . logan ( cont 'd ) you do know this be bullshit , right ? a quarter of it happen . and none like this . in the real world , people die and no self promote asshole in a leotard can stop it . this be just ice cream for bed - wetter and -- charle --logan . Logan turn to Charles who force a smile . charle ( cont 'd ) I think Laura well understand life 's impermanence . ( beat ) ( more ) final shoot - 8/23/2016 54 . charle ( cont 'd ) do not you say something about find we a new ride ? Logan look at the two of they , all chummy now , and get up . logan right . Fine . he pause at the door and toss a pill vial to Charles . Laura catch it . logan ( cont 'd ) take two more in a hour . charle good-bye , Logan . int . / ext . limo - outskirt of oklahoma CITY - day as Logan drive past a used car dealership . he go around the corner , start look around , go another few block until he see what he 's look for -- ext . oklahoma CITY - side STREET - day shitty block . graffiti everywhere . a gang of young thug hang beneath the interstate overpass . Logan get out of he limo , check the back , see a couple more of Laura 's uncanny x-men comic lie on the bench . grab they . check that 's everything . then find several of Charles pill wedge in the car seat . logan ... fuck . he slam the door , walk past the thug , toss they the limo keys . logan ( cont 'd ) knock yourselves out . walk toward the car lot , Logan eye the car in the lot all with sale write on they windshield . behind he , the thug cross to the limo , glance at Logan before get in , and lay rubber in the other direction . Logan flip the liquor bottle in the trash . ext . oklahoma CITY car lot - day Logan stand before a used ram four door with a large cab , shell in back and fade electrician signage on the side . a Dealer smoking a vape stand too close . final shoot - 8/23/2016 55 . dealer I know the finish look beat but it 's a ` 19 , get less than sixty on the ody and three hundred horse under the hood . for 10 grand I can get it re-paint for you , fresh tire mount and balanced , and complete paperwork . logan ... yeah . here 's the thing . I will give you twelve as be -- if you can forget the paperwork . the dealer smile . look at the money Logan be hold . dealer you still need tire , tiger . they be bald . logan how long be that gonna take ? dealer hour , maybe less . if you want , you can get yourself a glass a lunch across the street while you wait . Logan look to the bar / lounge across the street . inviting . int . bar - moment later - day Logan sit , glance at the television news , sip a high ball as he stare at one of Laura 's uncanny x-men comic . the image weigh on Logan . he downs he drink and shut the comic , then he see another xmen comic . his face become grim as he stare at the cover . it feature a dramatic mutant trek into the mountain . the title : " exodus to eden ! " a subtitle : " mutant trail of tear ! " . on the cover and page to follow , thousand of mutant , fleeing oppression , under attack , head for a place call " eden " in a vast wasteland . they be be lead by xmen , among they wolverine and xavier . wolverine in he yellow suit . logan Jesus Christ ... Logan turn the page where it be reveal -- " eden " it's a hidden compound . on top of a cliff . mutant be there , young and old , thriving . text in a panel read -- final shoot - 8/23/2016 56 . " america , no longer safe for mutant ! our heroe find refuge in eden : last stop on the mutant underground to CANADA ! " a inset on a splash page show a mapping device in xavier be hand . on the screen , a series of number , coordinate . Logan blink , look at the cash envelope he get from gabriela . the exact same number be scrawle on it below the fire road address . Logan glare , take in the bald fact that eden be a imaginary place in a forty year old comic book . logan ( cont 'd ) ` you gotta be fuckin ' kid I . bartender you want a refill ? Logan look up , still daze . he shut the comic . logan I will take the bottle . bartender ( smile , slide it ) you pass through ? Logan nod . put down a large bill . bartender ( cont 'd ) where you head ? logan I do not know . ext . oklahoma CITY casino / HOTEL - valet - late day Logan lurch the new use pick up to a stop at the hotel entrance . get out and do not give the key to the valet -- valet Sir ? be the key in it ? that 's when he see -- a man with a prosthetic ( cyborg ) hand stand at the entrance , talk in a cell phone . alarm , Logan round the corner , move past -- a HOTEL gardener with a hedge trimmer , touch up a shrub . look for a side entrance , Logan pass other patron , but as he do , he clock -- black vehicle park in a service entrance . and that 's when it hit -- a ringing SOUND . a screech and Logan turn to see -- final shoot - 8/23/2016 57 . car crashing into each other on the STREET . he turn back to see the Worker unconscious on the ground , the hedge trimmer whirring and bounce in the grass . the ringing get louder . casino patron be freeze in place , struggle to breathe . int . reaver command truck -- late day we see logan out the windshield as he move toward the casino door -- and we pan to -- pierce and a reaver associate at a command console inside the truck . but they too be paralyzed from the psionic wave , choking for AIR . in the bg , a batter burn caliban be also paralyze by the wave , vibrate in he restraint . we see on the console monitor , video feed of body cam , quivering but freeze picture of we hero 's suite . we hear the sound of man struggle to breathe over the audio feed . alarm be ringing . int . oklahoma CITY casino / HOTEL -- lobby -- late day the ringing louder yet as Logan stumble through the lobby pass desk clerk , bellhops , guest , all paralyze . close on -- logan struggle forward . the ringing increase as he lurch , zig - zag the crowded floor jamme with paralyzed gambler , dealer , croupier , etc . a man sit , freeze , beside a slot machine spitting chip . int . oklahoma CITY casino - escalator logan sprint past a casino escalator -- pass paralyze hotel patron be toss off like toy soldier -- struggle to the elevator , press the button . Doors open and more people fall out . int . oklahoma CITY casino elevator as Logan ride up , ringing get louder . logan come on , come on ! and bing the door open and -- the SOUND deafening -- final shoot - 8/23/2016 58. int . oklahoma CITY casino / HOTEL - 12 th floor - late day as logan leap off the elevator and fight he way through the rippling force , past a maid , frozen beside she cart , struggle for air to make it around the corner and down the hall toward -- the cracked suite door where two armed reaver stand freeze and gurgle for air , they weapon point inward . snikt ! -- logan' tarnished claw emerge and -- he gut the two frozen helpless reaver in two quick thrust . they blood and gut pour to the floor , they eye wide as they perish in a stand rigor mortis . int . reaver command truck -- late day pierce , he associate and caliban , still paralyze the wave . we see on they body cam monitor as Logan skewer the man , they life support monitor blink -- agent terminated . int . oklahoma CITY casino / HOTEL -- suite -- late day Logan push through the door to find -- a surreal scene : three more reaver frozen in mid attack . the room service cart up - end . charle sit slump in he chair , near the window , mouth in a rictus-like grimace , body quivering , rippling wave of force emanate from he skull . LAURA , her claw out , be on the floor , semi-paralyzed , struggle to pull herself toward Charles ' med . she reach the hypodermic , attempt to hand it to -- Logan who fall to he knee from the shriek wave . he fumble , almost drop it , eye start to roll up in he own head as he lunge and jam the needle into Charles ' neck . after a moment , ringing stop -- Logan fall back -- the remain reaver fall to the ground and , as they gasp for air , Laura and Logan kill they all . brutal . Charles be spend daze , gasp for air . Logan peer down at one of the dead reaver , check he out , peer into he bodycam . logan we have to go . final shoot - 8/23/2016 59 . int . oklahoma CITY casino / HOTEL -- lobby - minute later dealer , bellhops , patron all stumble about in a daze -- child cry -- some people be vomit or claw at they head . siren in the distance . as Logan come out of a elevator push a daze Charles in he chair , Laura follow . Charles be horrify . charle I be so sorry . oh God ... int . oklahoma CITY casino / HOTEL - casino floor - day Logan push Charles , fast , and Laura follow , drag she backpack , make they way toward the glass door . they zig zag through the crowd of recently unstuck patron and employee , many sick and stumbling , choke , some cry , some scream for medical help . bounce in he chair , Charles stare at the suffer around he , stricken with empathy -- and guilt . Laura linger , watch a fat man get cpr from a panicked cocktail waitress . the man suddenly come to life , suck air . the waitress ' face fill with wonder . Laura stare . logan hey ! now ! ext . oklahoma CITY casino / HOTEL - valet - twilight catch up , Laura follow Logan and Charles out the casino door . we hear the rise siren of approach first responder as the trio move to the new pick up truck . logan this way ! Logan lift Charles into the back seat , throw the chair in back bed and get in . Laura climb in beside Charles , who stare out the back window at the chaos as they pull away . the camera pan with they as they depart , then find -- several reaver vehicle park at the side of the building . moving in on -- the reaver command truck . the back door suddenly burst OPEN . pierce stumble out , daze , sweaty . he look to emergency truck approach , cherry top . then he eye find -- five reaver . final shoot - 8/23/2016 60 . pierce get the body . restrain in the back of the truck , caliban , blister and weak , watch pierce , who lean against the truck to support himself , chug some water until he feel caliban 's stare and slam the door . int . / ext . pick up - farm country highway -- dawn click . clack . click . clack . Logan drive . a good distance from the Oklahoma City , topography have change . the sun break over the horizon . the radio chatter with break news report on the event at the casino -- speculation of a gas leak or food poisoning . reporter ( on radio ) ... some note a similarity to the incident last year in Westchester , New York that leave 50 dead , and twice that many injure -- Logan snap off the radio , quickly look in back to see if Charles overhear it . Charles be sleep . open he eye . click . clack . click . Logan 's eye flit to Laura play with the door lock . logan knock it off . she stare at he in the mirror , click , do it again . logan ( cont 'd ) I say knock it off . Charles take a breath , close he eye . charle she 's a child , Logan . in point of fact she 's -- logan how long have it be since you take you med ? ( no response ) Charles . how long ? charle ... I do not know . two day . final shoot - 8/23/2016 61 . logan you see what happen last night . if that shit have go on longer , everyone at that casino -- he stop himself . charle I do what I have to do to stop that man from take Laura . logan you do not do anything . you freak out and have a fuck seizure . charle I guess you prefer I pharmaceutically castrate , rambling on like some lunatic . so much easier on you . logan easier ? there 's nothing easy about you . charle yes , yes please , be like the rest of the world and blame someone else for you boring shit . logan yeah , I know , pop , I be such a giant disappointment -- charle self loathing . anger. disdain . cowardice . oh yes . you peak and you valley . mostly valley -- it 's all so goddamn boring . Laura look from one to the other , nervous for the first time since she climb into the car with this two . she start flick the lock again . charle ( cont 'd ) you honestly derive no sense of purpose from what we be do ? logan what be we do ?! charle there be a young mutant . sitting in we car . ( more ) final shoot - 8/23/2016 62. charle ( cont 'd ) and where we be take she , there be more of they . do that mean nothing to you ? logan yes . it mean nothing to I . especially since nurse gabriela make all this eden shit up from fuck comic book . charle what be you talk about ? Logan realize he 's go too far , toss the bottle of pill to Laura , which , as usual , she catch like Willie may . logan give that to he . take out two and give they to he . charle what do you mean -- logan now . for fuck 's sake . take the pill . now . charle Logan . logan take they . ( to LAURA ) give he the pill . charle logan -- logan -- give he the fucking pill ! Laura hesitantly hand they to Charles who look at Logan in the mirror , hold up a pill for he to see , take one . charle happy ? before Logan can answer , a siren sound . a state trooper be behind they , light flashing . logan ( pulling over ) cop. fuck . final shoot - 8/23/2016 63. charle what do he want ? Logan watch in the rearview as a tall woman trooper get out , put on she shade . logan she . I might have be speed . charle be you sure that 's all it be ? logan if it be not , there would be a lot more than she behind we . ( look at Laura ) I need you to please try and not kill this lady . okay ? Laura retract she claw . ext . farm country highway - day the female trooper , mirrore Ray - ban ( some thing never change ) , rap on the window . Logan lower it , smile . logan be I go a mite fast , officer ? trooper license and registration , please . Logan reach into the glove box . logan I just buy it , but I - - here -- trooper ( take it ) any idea just how " mite " fast you be go , mr... howlett ? logan seventy ? ish ? trooper try ninety six . ( look at he ) ish . logan shit . I do not think this thing could make that . final shoot - 8/23/2016 64 . she peer over the top of she glass into the back at Charles and Laura . Charles smile . trooper you be not from round here . it 's harvest season . you need to be more careful . this you daughter ? logan yes , mar 'am . trooper what 's you name , honey ? logan she do not speak . trooper but she do have a name . logan Laura . the trooper look at Laura . trooper that you name , honey ? ( LAURA nods ) and be this man you father ? Laura look at Logan . a pause . then ... nod . charle ( leans forward ) my son have a bit of a lead foot . I try to tell he that mount rushmore will still be there and just as beautiful a day from now . the trooper finish write the ticket ... trooper you get a nice family . try to keep `em safe , James . ext . reaver caravan -- outskirt of oklahoma CITY -- day the caravan of reaver vehicle be park in a large paved pull out area , like a weigh station or rest stop . local police wave traffic past , clear the way for -- a flatbed truck approach with a police escort . there be a huge BOX strapped in the back of the truck . final shoot - 8/23/2016 65 . close on -- pierce , look from the arrive flatbe to -- a helicopter grow larger in the sky . int . / ext . reaver control truck -- continuous beaten , burn and shaking , confine in the back , caliban hear the approach chopper and peer out through a security window , watch -- the helicopter land on the blacktop . he shift to a second window to see a better view of -- the red haire man from the lab , as he step out of the chopper and head directly to pierce . a silent movie as pierce get he ass hand to he . caliban 's attention shift back to the first window as -- the flatbed truck pull up next to the control truck . its handlers look nervous . Inside the big box strapped in back , there be some sort bang , then a low guttural scream . now , the Red haire man , carry a medical case , approach the flatbe and open the back hatch , disappear the big box . the scream subside . caliban collapse to the floor . close he eye . ext . farm country highway - day as the pick - up truck pass a billboard that read welcome to corn country : heart of america . field on either side of the endless ribbon of road . in the field be huge automate thresher / harvester . the machine be several time bigger than what we see on farm today . int . / ext . pick up - farm country highway - day as Logan navigate the pick - up through what look like a canyon of big truck . Laura , face press to the glass , stare up and out the window at all of they . one of they inch over and Logan be almost run off the road . logan hey -- he hit the horn , look up at the driverless truck cab as he pull around . final shoot - 8/23/2016 66 . logan ( cont 'd ) in you own lane , asshole ! charle Language , Logan . and you be scream at a machine . Logan flip off the truck anyway as he pass , get clear of all of they . Logan see Charles shake he head . logan what , she can gut a man with she foot , but she can not hear naughty word ? charle she can learn to be better . logan you mean , better than I . charle actually , yes . and by the way , Laura 's foot claw be a obvious result of she gender . ( off Logan 's look ) in a pride of lion , female be caregiver of the young and hunter of the pride , they have front claw to hunt and foot claw for defense . they use the foot claw to strike the belly or bladder of the attacker , thus ensure they escape and survival . Laura take this in , turn and look out the other window . Logan sigh and drive on . laura' Pov - another car a older farm pick up truck towing a horse trailer . Laura stare at the animal as they pass . in the back seat of the pick up sit a teenage boy . he look back at Laura . up front be he mother and father . they also look this way , smile . a farm family . soon Logan have leave they behind , too . a moment of quiet in the car . Logan look in the rearview at Charles and Laura . both seem calm , even serene , as they gaze out they window , Laura still look back at the horse . ... almost normal . but then a loud horn and Logan look ahead as he 's nearly run off the road by one of the giant hulking vehicle come in the other direction , crossing into he lane . final shoot - 8/23/2016 67 . Logan pull the wheel one way then swerve back as LAURA be claw extend and punch through the roof with one hand , hold Charles with the other so they do not get throw . Logan struggle to gain control of the pick - up , spin the truck around so it 's face on - come traffic , avoid another mega-truck come at they before he finally get the pick - up onto the shoulder , face in the direction they come from . the three of they watch down the highway from the shoulder ( look in the direction of where they just come ) as -- the family towing the horse trailer be run off the road by one of the same careening mega truck . they horse trailer tipping onto its side at a angle , its door swinging wide . Logan , Charles and Laura watch as -- four horse now leap from the trailer , run free ... logan shit . oh well . Logan twist the wheel , prepare to pull back onto the highway and drive away . Charles put a hand on he shoulder . charle we have to help they . logan we have to keep move . someone will come along . charle someone have come along . the Father , mother and teenage Son run after the horse now on the highway . another mega truck nearly missing they . Logan sigh , straighten the wheel and drive up the shoulder toward they . Charles watch as -- mother nate ! get off the road ! the teenage boy ( nate ) dodge another truck as he attempt to round up the panicked horse ... mother ( cont 'd ) nate ! on charle he close he eye . concentrate . final shoot - 8/23/2016 68. and the horse come to a stop in unison . they turn and lope to the side of the road like a bunch of train lippizaner . ext . farm country highway - side of the road - day a mesmerize Laura climb out of the pick - up , watch as -- nate pull himself onto the bare back of one of the horse by the mane , hold onto the other by a halter . Logan climb out of the pick up and approach the father , who have cross back to the trailer and cursing ( rate G ) , try to get the wagon out of the ditch . his wife climb behind the wheel , gently spin the tire to no effect . logan can I give you a hand ? father sure . thank you . on charle as he open he eye and watch the boy ride / lead the animal back to the trailer door just as Logan and the Father and mother gas and heave - ho it back upright . LAURA watch from a middle distance . she 's fascinate by the boy and he ability with horse . but mostly by the boy . the mother now exit the cab , join nate , help he load the horse back into the carrier . she notice she son be angry . he slam the tailer door behind they . mother nate . nate what . meanwhile , at the side of the truck , the father extend he hand to Logan father ( o.s. ) I appreciate this . thank you . will munson . logan James . howlett . final shoot - 8/23/2016 69 . the mother now come over with the boy . mother thank you so much for you help , sir . I be Kathryn , and this we son , nate . Logan smile at she . there 's a connection . Kathryn look at they truck , see Laura . mother ( cont 'd ) be that you daughter ? Logan see Laura stand beside the truck in the steal shade , watch they . the boy now notice she for the first time . Charles peer out the side door . logan yeah . that 's Laura . ( as Charles wave ) and that 's my ... dad . ( then ) Chuck . will where you all head ? logan North . Laura 's off at the trailer , petting one of the horse . the couple exchange a look with each other , then -- kathryn can we at least give the three of you a decent meal , show we appreciation ? we do not live far from here . charle ( lean out the car door ) that would be lovely . logan no , thank you , we really can not -- ( to LAURA ) Laura , get back here . kathryn please . it 's the least we can do . and you be go to have to stop for dinner somewhere . final shoot - 8/23/2016 70 . int . / ext . reaver truck -- highway pull out - sunset close on -- a iv connect to caliban 's pale skin . a man' finger delicately adjust the drip . red-haired man ( o.s. ) in the 1950' , in a effort to increase honey production in the tropic , a brazilian research team cross -bre the european honey bee , apis mellifera , the classic model , and a heartier stronger African variety , apis mellifera capensis . caliban open he eye and look up at the red -haired man . his manner be soft , warm . his voice seductive , smooth . red-haired man ( cont 'd ) this hybrid bee be stronger and aggressive to be sure , but despite they fortitude , they make no honey at all , nor assist in pollination . in the lab , they do little , in fact , besides kill other bee . the man sit close to caliban , shine a pinlight on he lesion , in he ear . examine . he smile . red-haired man ( cont 'd ) the researcher want to help mankind , but instead , they create monster . and before they could correct they error , a few escape to the wild . and this bee form a swarm and spread across Brazil and multiply , move up the continent , kill man woman and child . even worse , this killer hybrid threaten the viability of the worldwide bee population and subsequently , human survival . ( suddenly brightens ) oh , the price of progress . caliban 's eye flick out the window where -- pierce talk with he remain reaver . red-haired man ( cont 'd ) my colleague tell I you have be somewhat resistant . he believe you be dispense delay information , allow you friend to stay one step ahead . final shoot - 8/23/2016 71 . caliban please let I be ... red -haired man I be offer a opportunity , caliban . to redeem yourself , to protect the world , and , in the process , save you friend . caliban just look back at he . shudder . red-haired man ( cont 'd ) the girl be a rather small price to pay for that . unlike you , she 's not pure . she be not make by nature . she 's a mistake of my own . a killer bee who 's escape from the hive . and I need to get she back before she sting . caliban what do you want from I ?! I do what I could and you human toaster oven fuck it all up . the man smile . red -haired man I agree the reaver have not be effective . I be bring new tool to bear . but I still need someone to point we in the right direction . caliban no , no , no . I can not keep -- red -haired man breathe . breathe . what do he have , the old man , you friend ? Alzheimer 's ? als ? a degenerative brain disease in the world 's most dangerous brain . what a combo . the man consider caliban a moment , then reach in he bag . dr . rice you pay a high price for you gift , my friend . too bad you and I do not meet year ago . I could have save you some pain . I have something for you blister . ( pull a vial of creme ) my name be Dr. Rice , by the way . ( more ) final shoot - 8/23/2016 72. dr . rice ( cont 'd ) ( meet he eye ) you can call I Zander if you like . int . farmhouse - kitchen - night the munson family and the " howlett " family all sit around a table cover with food , head bow as the son say grace . all except Laura who look around at the family picture , the religious decoration ( they be everywhere ) , the warm furnishings . another strange place . nate we thank you , Lord , for this food ... and we also thank you , Lord , for send we new friend , the howlett to we aid today . amen . they all dig in . Laura eat like a wild animal , and the munson pause to watch . Charles put a hand on she arm . charle slow down , child . she look around at the other , all of whom smile at she , then slow down . kathryn there 's plenty more if you want . will where be you all head ? logan Oregon . charle South dakota . they look at each other . charle ( cont 'd ) Oregon , then South dakota . kathryn vacation ? charle yes . Long overdue . we be city folk . always want to take a road trip , see the country . ( smile at they ) meet the people who live in it . final shoot - 8/23/2016 73. Logan look up at Charles . watch he . the old man have himself a good time . kathryn that sound lovely . I have be try to get will here to take a vacation for year now . will and if we go out traipsing around the country , who 's gonna take care of this place ? kathryn exactly . I say , let it go . will and live off what ? kathryn the Lord will provide . will well , I be still wait for he to provide I with a new thresher . kathryn ( smile at Charles ) all the same , I would love to travel someday . charle and I bet you will . nate I could drop out of school . kathryn let 's not go that far . friendly laughter around the table . the SOUND fade . passage of time as Laura watch the ritual of family dinner . Studies it . she 's never really see a family . or , for that matter , a teenage boy . she keep she eye fix on he . then as dinner finishes and clean up begins -- charle Kathryn , that be easily the best meatloaf I have ever have . kathryn thank you , Chuck . final shoot - 8/23/2016 74 . Charles give Logan a look across the table . Kathryn turn to Logan now . smile . kathryn ( cont 'd ) what about you , James . be you marry ? logan oh. I uh , I -- will Kathryn . kathryn what ? it 's a natural thing to ask . charle he be . she pass . kathryn oh , I be so sorry . will give she a look that say , see ? that 's why you do not ask shit like that ! charle he kill she . Logan look up at Charles . a awkward beat . then they all burst out laugh . Logan consider Charles across the table . be that dementia ? a joke ? Logan smile at Kathryn , stand . logan ( stand ) ma'am , I can not thank you enough for dinner . but we have a long drive ahead of we . kathryn you need to rest , do not you ? logan we will find a motel . will nearest be two hour from here and it 's not very -- final shoot - 8/23/2016 75 . kathryn they be gonna stay here . we have a perfectly fine room upstairs for you daughter and father and you can sleep in the live room on the convertible . logan Kathryn . that 's very nice of you , but we really should hit the -- charle we could leave first thing in the morning . crack of dawn as it be . Logan grab Charles ' wheelchair . logan let 's go wash up , pop . int . farmhouse -- bathroom -- same Logan count out two pill to Charles who finish splash water on he face , and grab a towel . they whisper . charle -- two day on the road with one meal and hardly any sleep . she 's eleven and I be fuck ninety . logan that 's a hundred and one reason to keep move . charle I be not a box of avocados . logan and then what . we stay the night and then what ? charle we take Laura to she friend in eden and then ... then we buy that sunseeker . Logan just stare back at he , hand he he pill , go to fill a cup of water . the faucet sputter and spit air . the pipe shudder all through the house . will ( o.s. ) goddamnit . final shoot - 8/23/2016 76 . int . farmhouse -- hallway Logan emerge from the bathroom , Charles follow . logan what be it ? will nate , go fill up the tub before we lose pressure . nate dutifully rush into the bathroom , start the tub . kathryn ( cross to the window ) they shut it off again . logan who 's " they ? " Laura step into the hall . kathryn ( to will ) you best deal with it now . will it can wait till morning . we get rain last night . Kathryn gently touch will 's arm . her hand slide down to he . Laura be fascinate by the simple gesture . kathryn will . we have three guest in this house and sink full of dish . will alright . you be right . ( explain to Logan ) the pump station that supplies we be a mile and a half from here . sometimes it get itself shut off . nate by asshole . will give he son a look . Charles give Logan a look . charle my son can go with you . final shoot - 8/23/2016 77 . will oh , no . thank you . but this man who do this , they can be -- nate I will come . kathryn no . you have homework . logan I will go . Kathryn and Logan meet eye . logan ( cont 'd ) just let I get my dad ... settle . Logan wheel Charles toward the stair . nate pass they and stomp up the step . Laura watch . int . farmhouse -- hallway -- night Laura come to the top of the stair and look at Charles ' empty wheel chair in the hallway . Logan carry Charles into a light bedroom at the end of the hall . a sweet sight . Laura turn look in the crack door of nate 's bedroom . int . guest bedroom -- same Inside the guest room , Logan tuck Charles in . Charles look out the window beside the bed . the moon over the silo . logan there 's a tv in here . charle ( smile gently ) I be fine . logan okay ... get some rest . as Logan turn away , Charles reach for he . charle you know , Logan . this be what life look like . a house , people who love each other . a safe place . take a moment and feel it . ( beat ) you still have time . final shoot - 8/23/2016 78. Logan look off , distant . Troubled . logan Charles . the world be not the same as it be . we be take a risk here . and where we be go . eden . it do not exist . her nurse get it from a comic book . Charles stay quiet . logan ( cont 'd ) you just need to understand -- it 's not real . Charles look up at Logan , he tone gentle , and firm . charle it be for Laura . int . farmhouse - den - night Logan pass Laura as he come down the stair . he follow will down the hall . a gun cock and Logan see will have open a cabinet , tucking a pistol in he waistband . will ( smile ) do not worry . we will not need it . ext . farmhouse - dirt road - night as Logan and will carry tool along a dirt access road ... will canewood beverage buy up everything out here . except we . when we would not sell , they try eminent domain . then screwing with we water . couple month ago , someone poison we dog . logan so today , out on the highway -- will who know . maybe . look at the giant harvester work the dark field . will ( cont 'd ) they be like dinosaur . twenty ton body with little tiny brain . ( more ) final shoot - 8/23/2016 79 . will ( cont 'd ) they work day and night , no driver , shuck they clone up super-corn . bear fruit in half the time . taste like shit , though . logan so why do people eat it ? will they do not . they drink it . ( off Logan 's look ) corn syrup . its in all that drugge up drink everyone 's have nowadays -- to stay awake , feel strong , cheer up , sexy , whatever . use to be a time when a bad day be just a bad day , you know ? logan mine still be . will lead Logan to a pump house . a tangle of intersect irrigation pipe under a canopy . the lock have be broken . Logan look out into the night , cautious . int . pump house - night will set he tool down and look at the pump . someone have open up all the valve and the place be now flooding . will look like we will be here a while . Logan find a convenience store cigar in he pocket . light it . enjoy the moment , wind blow through the tree . int . farmhouse - nate' room - night rodeo trophy , poster , etc . the room of a kid who love everything about that world . nate -- ear bud in -- do he homework while listen to music . he look up and see -- LAURA stand in the doorway watch he every move . she look at the trophy , curious . he glance at she , but try to focus on he homework . erase something on he electronic write pad . she look at the pad 's screen . a series of equation with blank to fill in and chicken scratch in the digital margin . he pull out one of the bud , wave a stylus , and explain -- final shoot - 8/23/2016 80 . nate I be not too good at math . she stare at the equation on the pad , the screen litter with scribbles , thing cross out , then look once more at the trophy ... nate ( cont 'd ) that two be for breakaway roping . that for barrel racing . that up there be for pole bend . but all second , third place . I be not so good at it . my dad make I do it . she just look at he . stare at he , really . hear music come from the dangle bud and look at it . nate ( cont 'd ) you wanna listen ? he put the bud in she ear so that they now each have one . nate ( cont 'd ) it 's call " Devil 's whisper " . it 's by raury . she listen to the music a moment , cut she eye at the older boy who can feel she look at he . take a whiff of he . he finally pull the bud from he own ear and gently pass she he phone -- nate ( cont 'd ) here . take it for tonight . I will get it back in the morning . she just look back at he . he hold up he stylus ... nate ( cont 'd ) I gotta do my homework . ( hold out he hand ) good-night . she stare at he extend hand . then look at the screen of the pad . she take the stylus and hunch over he and quickly scrawl on the screen -- nate ( cont 'd ) hey , what be you -- then he realize that she 's do the equation . one after the other . just like that . she finish , then straighten up . nate ( cont 'd ) how do you do that ? final shoot - 8/23/2016 81. now she shake he hand . he notice little ridge on she knuckle . look up at she as she put the other bud in she ear and walk out . he sigh , go back to he work . int . farmhouse -- spare bedroom - night Charles lie in the bed , already asleep . Laura walk in and pad to the other side of the bed and curl up on the floor . she lie there , listen to nate 's music . she cling to the wrinkle photo of the mutant kid , like a talisman . a hint of a smile as she look out at the moonlight , eye heavy . ext . pump house -- night as Logan and will finish close and resetting the huge irrigation valve . a two - man job to get the giant bolt lock back down . as they work ... will how long 's you girl be that way ? ( off Logan 's look ) mute . logan since ... well .. the beginning . will some way I envy you . they get to be nate 's age , the nonsense that come out they mouth . make you question the point of it all . Logan smile , nod . tell I about it . will ( cont 'd ) hard thing , fatherhood . never end . Logan consider will a long moment as the man work . logan you be a lucky man . will ( nods ) I guess I be . the water finally stop rushing in . logan that should hold it . will until the next time . final shoot - 8/23/2016 82. ext . pump house - night Logan watch a truck come up the road as will put a new lock on the gate . will do not know why I bother . he now turn and see the vehicle as well . step forward . will ( cont 'd ) stay here , James . I will handle this . will walk forward with a thick wrench at he side . the truck pull up . on the side it say canewood beverage . four big men get out . all with weapon . one of they get out on the driver 's side , hold a rifle . this be jackson . jackson even , Mr. munson . will just nod . jackson ( cont 'd ) what bring you out this way ? will why do not you ask you boy ? jackson you understand , you be trespasp right now , right ? will I have a easement with the previous owner of you property . jackson previous be the operative word . ( look at Logan ) who 's this ? logan ( before will can speak ) I be nobody . just a guy tell you to get back in you nice truck and play okie dickhead somewhere else . Jackson smile , cut a look at the other , then ... jackson you hire some muscle , Mr. munson ? final shoot - 8/23/2016 83. will he 's a friend of mine . jackson a friend with a big mouth . logan I hear that a lot . jackson then you probably hear this , too . and now he cock the rifle . Logan nod . logan more than I would like . jackson then you know the drill . I be gonna count to three and you be gonna start walk away . he nod to the dark field . will I get rights to this water -- jackson one . will and I have a lawyer now -- jackson two -- and that 's when Logan reach out and snatch the rifle from Jackson by the barrel , surprising everyone . especially when he slam the butt of it into Jackson 's face . logan Three . Jackson go down to he knee clutching he bloody face as the other three move on Logan . will pull he pistol and hit one across the face , point it at the other two as Logan flip the rifle , point it at they . logan ( cont 'd ) you all know the drill . ( fire above they head ) go. final shoot - 8/23/2016 84 . they haul Jackson to he foot , throw he in the truck , turn around and drive back the way they come . Logan break the rifle over he knee and throw the piece into the field . he turn to see will stare at he . will you have have training . logan some . ext . farmhouse - night quiet . a moment . as Logan and will walk back up the road . feeling good about what they have accomplish . will wish I have you around all the time . ( half joking ) sure you do not want to stay ? logan no , but I will take a drink if you get one . will Kathryn do not like booze in the house . logan ( smile ) maybe I get something in the truck . int . farmhouse -- spare bedroom -- night cricket buzz in the field . a breeze blow . Charles lie awake , look out at the crescent moon over the farm . his eye travel downward to find -- Laura asleep on a hook rug . then : a floorboard creak and Charles turn to see -- logan , in the doorway , in silhouette . he look at Laura asleep on the floor , curl like a shrimp . he take a step toward she . charle ... do not wake she yet . let she have another hour . Logan look at Charles . Charles lay back on the pillow look out the window at the farm . something stir he . final shoot - 8/23/2016 85 . charle ( cont 'd ) ... this be , without a doubt , the most splendid night I have have in a long time . ... but then ... as Logan take another step toward Laura , Charles tremble . he do not look away from the window . charle ( cont 'd ) ... I do not deserve it , do I ? ( then ) ... I do something ... unspeakable . Logan turn . charle ( cont 'd ) I remember what happen in Westchester . this be not the first time I have hurt people . ( pain fill he eye ) until today , I do not know . you would not tell I . we just keep run from it . I be do run . Charles turn to Logan . charle ( cont 'd ) ( almost funny ) I think I finally understand you , Logan ... ( dead serious ) ... the burden you carry ... Logan arrive at Charles bedside . put he hand on Charles ' shoulder . Charles cock he head , perplex , look up at he in the shadow . something be wrong . charle ( cont 'd ) Logan ... logan presses he fist into charle ' chest . Charles gasp . Logan pull he hand back and that 's when we see he claw be bloody . on the floor , LAURA open her eye . Charles look up from he wound , blood come . he try to reach a bedside light and succeed as again -- the claw plunge into he chest . in the light we see -- this be a perfect double of logan . for simplicity 's sake , let 's call this creature bad logan . final shoot - 8/23/2016 86 . he will also be reference as " X - 24 " , he model number . he be a young , stronger , clone of the wolverine . feral , he move in a slight crouch . he be not the absence of emotion but rather , the presence of it , most noticeably , rage . LAURA fly at bad logan , shrieking , landing on he back , gouging he flesh . he spin , try to shake she , swiping at he back with he blade . he stumble across the room and slam he back on the wall , crush she , plaster crack . LAURA drop to the ground . daze . nate ( o.s. ) hey ! nate stand in the doorway , a louisville slugger in he hand . his wide eye take in Charles , bleed , still move , Laura on the floor , claw cover in blood . then he look to bad logan -- and lunge -- a metallic thwack as the bat connect with bad Logan 's head , but the clone hardly register the impact as we CUT to : int . alkali command vehicle -- country road -- continuous the tinny transmit sound of the violence play off screen as we look at the munson farmhouse a way off through a windshield . pan to reveal -- we're in the alkali command vehicle . pierce and dr . rice be rivete to a feed from bad Logan 's bodycam . pierce you baby boy just take out the most want mutey in the world . dr . rice he 's fantastic . caliban stare , stricken , he face press against the bar in he cage in the rear of the truck . caliban you say you want the girl ! you say you just want the girl ! another reaver smack the cage , knock caliban down . dr . rice ( bright eyed ) I tell you I be force to bring a new tool to bear . he 's just a baby and a bit of a blunt instrument . ( more ) final shoot - 8/23/2016 87 . dr . rice ( cont 'd ) but you friend have every chance . and so do you . wider -- ext . farmhouse / country road -- same we see the several reaver / alkali van nestle in a overgrown section of country road , among they the flatbed with the big BOX . only the big door be wide open ... we pan to -- the munson corn field . Logan ( regular Logan ) and will be come down the irrigation road toward the munson farm . will since nate be bear , I try not to imbibe much . maybe once a month . pass the shed and equipment , Logan cross toward he pick - up truck as will break for the house . will ( cont 'd ) I be guess you enjoy a drink more often than that . logan only on day that end in " y . " int . farmhouse -- hallway / stair -- continuous carry Laura , bad logan step over nate' gute body and head down the hall toward the stair . we hear a shotgun rack and see -- Kathryn in she bedroom door with a two barrel . kathryn ( low ) put she down . bad Logan stare at she . drop Laura . will ( o.s. ) Kathryn ! kathryn stay down there , will ! ext . farmhouse -- continuous Logan grab a booze bottle from the glove box . and that 's when he turn , smell something . the horse in the corral seem excited . logan' head snap up . gunshot ring out . scream from the house . final shoot - 8/23/2016 88. int . farmhouse -- upstair hallway -- continuous close on -- LAURA , pin in the restrain device on the floor where bad Logan drop she , lie on she side . from her dutched Pov -- we see bad Logan kill will who tumble down the stair . we also see Kathryn dead , beside nate , also lifeless . tear fill Laura 's eye . pellet rain from above . Laura look up to -- bad Logan , wound heal . she struggle in rage as -- bad Logan pick she up move to the staircase . int . / ext . farmhouse - hallway - night logan leap burst into the back door to find -- will , lying in a heap at the base of the step . gute . then Logan set eye upon -- a double of himself coming down the step , carrying LAURA . a reincarnation of weapon x. from the floor , will 's eye fix on Logan , life drain from he . Logan meet bad Logan 's yellow eye . Logan glance to -- the blood drench stair -- where he last see Charles . Laura watch , trap in the restraint as -- bad Logan suddenly move away , with Laura toward the front door and -- logan race upstair but the camera stay at the bottom , look upward . on logan -- in the upstair bedroom he stand over Charles , ravage and bloody . they eye meet . Charles be still alive . ext . farmhouse -- night bad logan ( X - 24 ) carry Laura down the front step , head toward the farm road . final shoot - 8/23/2016 89 . int . farmhouse -- staircase -- continuous on logan' back as he clatter down the stair , charle ' in he arm , wrap in a bloody quilt . ext . farmhouse -- continuous X - 24 ( bad Logan ) stop in the center of the road where -- the alkali convoy headlight blink on . X - 24 squint at they . start toward the light with he quarry ... int . farmhouse -- downstair hall -- continuous Logan racing out the door with Charles . the pick up lie ahead . int . alkali truck -- continuous Dr. Rice lean forward , rapt , watch out the windshield like a proud father -- as X - 24 come up the road toward they , carry Laura . beside he , pierce and the reaver Driver . reaver driver ( start up the vehicle ) I will pick they up -- meet they halfway . let the clean up crew in . dr . rice no . Rice 's eye be glue on X - 24 : he project 's first road test . dr . rice ( cont 'd ) let he come to we . in back , caliban lie on the corrugate steel floor , beat and bruise . he rise , peer through a slot . he see : Logan emerge from the front door , Charles in he arm . caliban blink back tear , overcome with guilt , sorrow ... Rice watch eagerly as bad Logan near they truck . rice we learn the hard way with the X - 23' . we assume , because they be child , they emotional response could be manipulate . but you can not nurture rage . you must simply design it . ( more ) final shoot - 8/23/2016 90 . rice ( cont 'd ) ( smile ) like God do . pierce spot a second set of headlight come from the other direction , the high -beam bear down on X - 24 . pierce who the fuck be that ? ext . farmhouse -- on the road -- continuous bad Logan now pause , tear between compete headlight . jackson ( o.s. ) will munson ! a break - nose jackson and four men jump out of he truck . ext . farmhouse -- logan' pick up -- continuous Logan gently lay Charles in the back of the pick up . he try to wrap he tighter in the quilt , pull out he key . logan you need to keep this around you . Charles . listen , you need -- Charles ' eye find Logan . he mutter something . logan ( cont 'd ) -- what ? in the bat , distant yelling -- jackson ( o.s. ) munson , goddammit ! come out here ! ext . farmhouse -- continuous Jackson and he man come up the road , armed , piss . jackson come out here now , munson ! some of the man direct Jackson 's attention to bad Logan stand there , stare at they . jackson ( cont 'd ) oh. hello , asshole . look . int . / ext . alkali truck -- continuous Rice and pierce react as bad Logan reverse direction , move toward Jackson , leave Laura in the middle of the road . final shoot - 8/23/2016 91 . dr . rice no . no , no . ext . farmhouse road -- continuous bad Logan keep walk toward Jackson and he man . jackson I do not know what munson 's pay you , but I be willing to let bygone be bygone . we could start you at 5g . a week that be . he keep walk . they cock they weapon . jackson ( cont 'd ) you best stop where you be , pal . we be the law out here . Jackson fire a blast into X - 24 's chest but he keep come toward he -- snikt ! -- claw emerge -- jackson ( cont 'd ) what in high holy -- Jackson never complete the think . x-24 decapitate he . jackson be men react in horror , start to run , but he 's on they like a sprung beast . int . alkali truck -- continuous dr . rice , pierce and the reaver be fixate on what be happen but the camera find -- caliban , curl in a ball in the back , darkness in he eye as he watch -- logan at he truck . dr . rice ( to pierce ) he 's confuse . we need to intervene . pierce you be the one he listen to , doc. CUT to -- logan at the pick - up Charles ' finger tap the pick up bed . Logan lean close to hear he say with a trace of a smile ... charle ...our boat ... ...our eden ... final shoot - 8/23/2016 92 . Charles tenderly touch Logan ... and then he pass . Logan stare at Charles . go . we hear the shout from Jackson 's man as they fall , one by one . only now do the sound of world seem to seep back in . Logan dimly aware of the blood-curdling scream ... he pull the blanket over Charles , he eye fill with rage . back to LAURA she watch , immobilize as -- over at the alkali truck -- Dr. Rice , who 's see enough , throws OPEN the door and jump down , gesture toward Laura , shouting past to -- dr . rice twenty four ! stop ! stop now ! get the girl ! get back here ! X - 24 ( bad logan ) slashing the last of Jackson 's man , surround by corpse , turn to see dr . rice . dr . rice come ! now ! a gunshot hit bad Logan 's shoulder . he spin . one of Jackson 's man , not quite dead , have manage to crawl to a gun . X - 24 cross , lift he by the hair and slit he throat . int . / ext . alkali truck -- continuous Rice turn toward pierce and the reaver . dr . rice go fuck get she ! as the two reaver grab weapon , clatter toward the exit , they hear a sound . along with pierce , they all turn to see -- a BOX of munition fallen to the ground , caliban 's long arm grabbing one grenade after another , pulling pin and toss they about the cabin . the reaver lunge for the loose grenade . caliban pull a last pin and hold this one , meeting eye with pierce . caliban beware the light . pierce dive for the exit as ... final shoot - 8/23/2016 93. the truck be engulfed in a rapid series of explosion ... Dr. Rice knock to the ground by the force , try to get up and be drive down by another blast . Laura react , she face glow orange . laura' Pov -- she can make out in the chaotic aftermath -- reaver on fire inside the glow truck , pierce stumbling from the wreckage ... X - 24 see Dr. Rice , on the ground , start to move to he when -- he be blind - side by a enraged logan . before X - 24 can react , logan jam he claw into x-24' chest over and over , in a frenzied blur of rage , drive the big clone backward , blood spatter . and X - 24 just take the beat , seemingly amused , then suddenly drive he claw into logan' chest and heave Logan like a stick pig over he head , slamm he on a rock . logan lie there , bleary , he body ravage . his eye find -- LAURA , as she struggle to get out of she restraint , head bent a angle , watch ( sideways ) as -- X - 24 finish inject himself with another booster shot and then leap at logan , about to spear he head with both sets of claw when -- logan raise he claw and , with all he strength , struggle to hold back X - 24 pressing down , there blade interlocked . X - 24 be too much for he . Logan know he cannot beat this thing , and he roll from beneath he , X - 24 's claw spearing into the dirt . Logan stumble to he foot , X - 24 do the same and as he lunge again , Logan retreat , start a crooked , delirious line toward -- Laura . X - 24 run at logan from behind , claw out -- LAURA scream ! -- as the creature jam he claw into logan' back and spin he , throwing he down on the rock . then -- X - 24 spear he claw into logan be gut , start gore he , pull blade upward , when he hear a engine , turn -- and be hit by will truck and carried on the grill until he 's impale on the hulking thresher . spatter in blood , Logan watch from the ground as -- final shoot - 8/23/2016 94 . will munson stumble from the truck , bloody , crazy - eye . he raise a shotgun at the impale creature -- and fire over and over -- shotgun hull drop . boom ! X - 24 be shot in the face . boom ! shot in the chest , torso explode . boom ! shot in the neck ! Logan crawl away , try to get a foot . for a moment he meet will munson 's eye . fill with bewilderment and rage . blood come from he mouth and he collapse , dead . logan hobble to Laura . as he pick she up , he glance to -- a frightened dr . rice , still lie in the dirt -- and the wounded , char pierce , crawl away from the alkali truck , he cyborg arm blow off . we see a crippled burnt form collapse in corn , caliban , watch from a cockey view , with some satisfaction as -- int . / ext . logan' pick up / cornfield -- continuous Logan throw Laura on the front bench , climb behind the wheel , start the engine , jam on the gas . the pick up truck roar off straight into the cornfield , hard , tear through the stalk . beside Logan , Laura see Charles dead in the back and become frantic , pull at she restraint , scream . logan hold still ! stop it ! stop ! Logan reach over with one hand and hack at she manacle as he steer with the other . they say nothing more to each other , drive away into the night . ext . farmhouse - dawn several truck have pulled up in front of the munson house . Men in hazmat take away the body of the munson . dr . rice ( pre - lap ) it 's alright ... ext . farmhouse - dawn dr . rice open he medical kit and kneel over -- bad logan , eye shut , pocked with buckshot . the creature groans in pain . he body healing . final shoot - 8/23/2016 95 . rice you do fine , twenty four . breathe . you be heal . you do well . you be a newborn by any measure . just breathe . you body have work to do . hemostasis , angiogenesis , epithelialization , stromal cell proliferation -- here . this will help with the pain . he take out a silver injection gun with a vial attached and inject a dose into bad Logan 's neck . Rice touch bad Logan on the hand and he seem to lean into the touch . ext . wyoming highway - day Logan and Laura head north under a sign that read : " welcome to wyoming . " ext . stand of tree , off the road - wyoming lake - morning overlook a small lake . logan finish cover charle ' grave . its physically hard for he to do this . now he stand there , try to think of what to say . he look at -- LAURA , on the other side of the grave , a few step back . she take she sunglass off . take the ear bud out of she ear . ready to hear he word . back to -- logan . he look back at the grave , then out at the lake . clear he throat . his eye be sallow , he skin pale . logan well . it 's get water and ... it 's ... Logan just halt . he look down and see -- Laura , take he hand in hers , the same way that Kathryn do with will at the farmhouse . she look up at he . logan ( cont 'd ) -- its get water and it 's -- unable to contain himself , Logan pull back he hand . logan ( cont 'd ) ... fuck this ... he start away , limping , with the shovel . only now do we realize just how ravage Logan 's body still be from he battle with X - 24 . blood stain everywhere . Laura stand there , stare as -- final shoot - 8/23/2016 96 . Logan stumble to the equally ravage pick up truck . he toss the shovel in back and grunt something at Laura like " come on ! " when she do not move , he curse and get in the truck but it will not turn over . he start cursing again and get out and pop the hood . a dog bark . Laura look out across the landscape . downstream a quarter mile , a man cross from a station wagon with he labrador , pole on he shoulder , tackle box in hand . Laura look back down to Logan . he have collapse in front of the car in a heap . int . urgent care CENTER - treatment room - day Logan lie , hook to a iv on a small bed . he cough and open he eye . he be in the examination room of some sort of small town walk - in clinic . the place be decorate in a Rocky Mountain style . out the window , granite peak . a Old Doctor stand over he . he have a soulful face , a bolo tie and big belt buckle . remind one of Richard farnsworth . old doctor welcome back . I be start to think I be gonna have to tell that nice little girl out in the wait room that she daddy 's go . Logan notice the ekg monitor connect to he . the Doctor sit down and smile ... old doctor ( cont 'd ) I always hope I would get a chance to meet someone like you . there 's so few of you leave . logan ... Nice to meet you too , Doc , but I need to get on my -- he try to sit up , but the old doctor put a hand on he . old doctor what you need be rest ... and treatment . you need to check yourself in somewhere and -- logan -- I be alright . I be fine . final shoot - 8/23/2016 97 . old doctor no . you be not . I mean , I know you be different . but that do not change the fact that something inside you be poisoning you . you need to check yourself into a hospital and run some test , find out what it be . logan ... I know what it be . Logan pull off the wire and tube and get up . int . urgent care CENTER - waiting room - day Logan limp into the wait area . Laura be sit there . a nurse look up as the Doctor emerge , right behind he -- old doctor please . mister . if you do not want to go to a hospital , maybe I can -- logan -- doc. look at I . you seem like a nice man . but you wanna save a life ? save yours . and everyone else 's in this place . let we get on we way . Logan turn to -- Laura . she meet he eye . logan ( cont 'd ) let 's go . ext . urgent care CENTER - day Logan and Laura emerge from the Mountain clinic with a big sign with a red cross on it . Laura lead he , limping to -- the fisherman' station wagon . yet another commandeer vehicle . she hand he the key with a lure fob . logan you can not just take shit , you know . he open the driver 's door and find a booster seat make from bundle cardboard and a box of milkbone . Logan look at Laura climb in on the passenger side . final shoot - 8/23/2016 98. int . / ext . station wagon - urgent care CENTER - day Logan toss the booster pile to the back and climb in , brush away dog hair . he start the station wagon , but before pull out , turn to she . logan look . I do not know how you get I here , .. but thank you . LAURA De nada . he stare back at she . she stare back at he . finally . logan ... you can talk ? LAURA ( nods ) logan you can talk . LAURA ( nods again ) logan what the fuck ?! why have not you -- what 's all this bullshit be for the last two thousand mile of -- but she 's already spitting out word in Spanish , fast . LAURA tu espera que hable con tu cuando no mirarme ? tu espera que hable con tu cuando I insultas y tratar de dejarme atrá !?-- logan shut the fuck up !!! she stop . she stare at Logan a moment , then very slowly in accented English begin to recite : LAURA jonah , gideon , Rebecca , delilah and rictor . logan who be that ? final shoot - 8/23/2016 99 . Laura pull out the envelope of cash and point to the address and coordinate on it . LAURA North dakota . ( then ) por favor . ( then repeat ) jonah , gideon , Rebecca , delilah and rictor . logan okay . look . this place . you mom ... she read too many ... storey . Laura just ignore he , reach into she backpack and take out the comic , open it .. show he a image of the idyllic box Canyon ... logan ( cont 'd ) yeah , I know ... I see it ... she hold up another picture from the page he would read in the bar , another draw show " eden . " logan ( cont 'd ) right . this place do not exist . no exist -o . it 's fictional . ( jab the page ) eden do not exist . LAURA Si , eden , por favor . logan ( start coughing ) no . I be say that place be imaginary . it 's a fantasy . see that right there -- ( point at cover , author ) -- that be the name of the people who make up this storey . something happen once and this people make it into a big lie ... Laura burst out with more Spanish -- LAURA Le pagaron I llevo a este lugar ! '' por qué no puede llevarme a este lugar ! final shoot - 8/23/2016 100 . then , exasperate , rummages through she pack . he sit there , too tired to fight , watch as she come up with a map . she point to where they be , and to where they need to go . logan yes , I know . it 's a long way . she punch he in the arm . hard . logan ( cont 'd ) okay . first -- ow . second , look at I . I be fuck up . that 's two day drive from here . she smack the map . LAURA jonah , gideon , Rebecca , delilah and rictor . logan stop say that name -- she again punch he in the arm . LAURA vamino ! she go to punch he again . he catch she fist . logan do. not. hit. me. LAURA jonah , gideon -- logan -- and stop say that -- LAURA -- Rebecca , delilah and rictor . she will not stop say the name . a break record . logan okay -- enough . enough . she put he hand on the wheel . int . tented infirmary -- day find pierce in a gown , upright on a field hospital bed , hook to a iv , skin cover with burn salve and gauze . final shoot - 8/23/2016 101. his stump arm be expose , do its best to help he good hand repair a cyborg hand which sit on the overbed . as he glance out a side window , he toss a screwdriver back to -- a fleshy nurse stand over he , fumble with a tool box . pierce that be not a torx , honey . that 's a phillip head . I need a torx . pierce glance again out the side window -- into the parking lot of a rural high school , cordon off , thick with military vehicle , issue sedan , a command trailer and dome tent . outside the trailer , Dr. Rice be get harangue by a group of military brass and intel / contractor type . nurse this ? or this . they look the same . pierce snatch the tool he need from the nurse and in two stroke , fix he cyborg hand . wiggles the finger . go immediately to work , grab a evidence folder . Inside be a collection of document from the farmhouse , among they , Laura 's wrinkle photograph . he pull it close -- gabriela and the X - 23 kid . and another nurse , Maria , the one who sing on birthdays . he turn the photo over to read the scrawl on the back , then see something else , something that make he eye bright . military nurse wow. responsive . pierce what ? military nurse you hand . its amazing . pierce get the fuck out of here . this shit 's classified . int . converted high school -- same Dr. Rice enter swiftly from a hallway , push through plastic drape as if hope to lose the collection of government type who follow he into this tent gymnasium . major -- and we understand the importance of containment , Dr Rice . but we be in the continental United States . final shoot - 8/23/2016 102. dr . rice -- yes we be , and I terminate you goddam mutant most want . major we appreciate that but you can not just leave a war zone behind like you , like you do in juarez . we -- the Major and he companion suddenly realize they be move through a makeshift morgue . two dozen body laid out as a haz mat team tag they . the body be mostly child , slightly off look mutant . a few we might recognize from gabriela 's video . also among they , will , Kathryn , and nate . dr . rice I would appreciate it , Major , if you associate would stop stare at the dead asset . try to remind yourselves this be all little kill machine , machine who would have happily disembowel you family . major not all . dr . rice ( spin , livid ) I be tell you want this asset off board , dead or alive . be you change my brief ?! be you ? the people stop walk . major ... no . dr . rice ( smile ) okay . good bye . Rice head for a side door , pause by another table where the burned corpse of caliban lie curl . dr . rice ( cont 'd ) save tissue from this one . he be a good tracker and have a high iq . int . / ext . school exit / tent infirmary -- same Rice walk out of the school building , blow past a mp and the fleshy nurse , crossing into the infirmary tent . he find pierce get dress , pull the iv , grab a crutch . final shoot - 8/23/2016 103. dr . rice you be up ? pierce hand Rice -- the wrinkle photograph . pierce look at that . be find at the farmhouse . I know . it 's she . but look at the other side . Rice turn it to reveal -- the coordinate in North dakota . pierce ( cont 'd ) that be the coordinate of a fire road in the badland . a reservation near the border . and , accord to Wikipedia , its also this . he hand a tablet with the " eden exodus " x-men comic cue on the screen . Rice regards it skeptically . thousands of mutant in exodus , head for the badland . pierce ( cont 'd ) gaby love that shit . int . converted high school locker room -- same a mexican woman look up in terror as a door unlock . she look familiar , despite the bruise and blood . a armed guard look up from a show on he phone . dr . rice hello , Maria . and now we recognize the name and face : Maria , the other nurse in gabriela 's video . dr . rice ( cont 'd ) so I understand that you mother and son be safe at the hold center in guadalupe . we be look after they both of they . Maria be sicken by the notion . maria wh- what more do you want from I ? Rice take out the tablet contain the X - Men comic . her blanching expression immediately betray she : she know this place , know what it mean ... dr . rice connect the fuck dot , dear . final shoot - 8/23/2016 104 . she look up at he , grip by fear . Rice just smile . ext . winding highway - day as the station wagon move along wind road through the mountain . it start to drift off the road ... int . / ext . station wagon - highway - badland - day Logan at the wheel . Laura shove he and he wake up , swerve back off the shoulder . she nod to the wheel , speak Spanish : LAURA let I drive . logan no. absolutely not . he 's barely awake . barely alive , it seem . he 's bruise and break . blood run from he sleeve from some unseen cut or cut on he arm . he turn to see Laura still look he way . logan ( cont 'd ) quit look at I . LAURA ( spanish ) you be die . logan no comprende . LAURA you be die . Logan turn to she . look away . to weary to say anything . LAURA ( cont 'd ) you want to die . ( off Logan 's look ) Charles tell I . logan ( react ) what else do he tell you ? LAURA to not let you . she grab the wheel , pull to the right , take they onto the shoulder . Logan try to fight it but can not . Hit the brake . final shoot - 8/23/2016 105 . logan hey . he hit the brake . LAURA Rest . Logan turn the car off , glare at she , close he eye . int . ext . winding highway - twilight as night fall , Laura watch the deeply sleep Logan . with a sign she reach over to he and start to pull he body to the passenger side . we CUT outside and watch Laura finish haul Logan over into the shotgun seat . then she walk around the station wagon and get in the other side -- and lay rubber down the highway . ext . badland / BOX canyon - morning close on -- logan , who wake with a start . thing be all crooked . he be alone in the station wagon . he stumble out the door to see that the front end of the car be nose down in a swale . he shuffles , weak and woozy , follow a path in the dirt , and then he sight -- Laura about a hundred yard ahead of he , hike up a rise . her eye find he . LAURA ( in spanish ) come ! come ! she whistle loudly . a covey of bird fly out of the brush . Laura smile for the first time . it be beautiful . Logan stumble forward , follow she into a clear which reveal -- a BOX canyon . a structure peeking out at the top of a cliff . Logan look about , overwhelm by the nature and , of course , the similarity to the " eden " picture in the comic book . he take a few step toward Laura but he leg start to give out underneath he and he fall to the dirt . black . final shoot - 8/23/2016 106. close on -- logan as he be jerk into frame . he stare upward , face in the sun , gently rock to and for . he be tie to a board a hundred foot in the air above the box Canyon . he be be haul up by who know what . at the top of the cliff as Logan 's conveyance arrive at the top , he see that the people who have haul he up be kid , about ten of they , some older , some young than Laura , all look down at he like they catch the biggest fish ever . they be all mutant child who have natural anomaly . among they , a African american boy , bobby , 10 , ( who cling to a armful of x-men action figure ) , a dirty blonde girl , rebecca , 12 , a dark - eye goth - type , delilah , lizard boy , and rictor , 14 , a natural leader . a fade sign on the nearby building read " camp anoljeet " ( " we serve ' in native american ) . the door have condemn sign on they . it be a run down version of the building picture in the comic book . dizzy and weak , Logan stare at they , he eye roll up in he head as we go to -- black . int . cliff top structure -- bunk area -- night a flicker of light . Logan 's eye blink open , he 's on a bed now , body weak , eye heavy . he see the kide . some of they sleep , or read or busy . a few of they tend to Logan . one of the kid ( delilah ) bring a wet cloth for Logan , but before hand it to he , she hold it under she breath , freezing it into a ice pack for he batter rib . logan where be I ? lizard boy be this good , rictor ? rictor oversee lizard Boy , draw a few drop of green fluid from a vial into a syringe . rictor not so much . less . Logan squint at the bottle . grab it . final shoot - 8/23/2016 107 . logan where do you get this ?! some of the child step back . rictor where we come from . ( beat ) they give it to we when we fight . it make you stronger . logan it make you crazy be what it do . it will kill you . rictor not in small dose . ( smile ) it 's help you heal , man . logan ( try to sit up ) where 's Laura . bobby she 's asleep . do you want I to wake she up ? logan ... no . Logan lie back , close he eye as we cut to black . int . cliff top structure -- night Logan wake with a start , scream . there be only one child tend he . it be LAURA . she sit on a chair beside he , watch he . he meet she eye , disorient , shake . LAURA pesadillas . ... you have night -mare . Logan just look at she . logan do you have nightmare ? she nod . LAURA ... people hurt I . logan mine be different . final shoot - 8/23/2016 108. LAURA por que ? logan I hurt people . Laura take this in . then pull something from she pocket . Logan 's adamantium bullet . LAURA ( in spanish ) what be this ? logan you know what it be . Logan nod , try to sit up . in pain . she hand it to he . he roll it in he finger . logan ( cont 'd ) it 's make of adamantium . same thing they put inside we . that 's why it can kill we . probably kill I now . anyway , I get that a long time ago . kept it as a reminder of what I be . now I keep it to -- ( look at she plainly ) actually , I be think about shoot myself with it . like Charles say . Laura 's smile fade . LAURA I have hurt people too . Logan look off . logan you be gonna have to learn how to live with that . LAURA they be bad people . logan all the same . Logan close he eye . the bullet sit in he open palm . Laura take it . black . final shoot - 8/23/2016 109 . int . cliff top structure -- day Logan awake to hear child play outside . he watch as some of the kid play a simple game of soccer . suddenly one of the girl wiff and kick right past a ball and then continue prancing , she leg kick high , arm wave like a puppet . some of the boy laugh . girl jonah ! stop ! stop ! Logan see little jonah manipulate the girl like a puppeteer . everything he do , kick out he leg , wave he arm , she be somehow force to do , a mirror image . some of the other kid come to she defense -- lizard boy jonah , let go ! now ! it all end suddenly when rictor step up behind jonah and slap he upside the head . rictor cut the shit . another kid kick the loose ball off the edge of the cliff and rebecca , run right off the edge of the cliff to catch the ball , then return , walk on air . Logan lie back in bed . weak . but look better . black . int . cliff top structure -- night from across the darken room , Bobby walk up to Logan . Logan consider he a moment . Bobby hold up a action figure , a vintage toy , the paint chip . as if expect a reaction from he . it 's a wolverine figure , then he hold up another . bobby ... be sabretooth real ? logan what . bobby Laura say you say all the storey in the comic book be lie . logan not all . not completely . sabretooth be real . he be in a program with I . like what they do to you . final shoot - 8/23/2016 110. bobby so you do mean thing with he . logan yes . bobby but now you be do good thing . Logan look at the kid a moment , then -- logan kid , I do not know what I be do . black . int . cliff top structure -- day the sound of snipping . giggles . then we see nearly all the kid stand around Logan 's cot with glow grin on they face . Laura among they , although she slide into the back of the pack as he sit up . bobby and rebecca hide scissors behind they back . and now we see why . they have cut Logan 's beard . Strike that . they have shape Logan 's beard into mutton chop . they have snipped off he moustache and soul patch . he touch he face , guess what they have do -- and cross , limping to -- to a mirror . they all squeal in joy as he take in he reflection . then he glare at they . logan not funny . not funny at all . rictor suddenly hurry through the space , move from one room to the next . Logan move after he -- logan ( cont 'd ) hey , pal , how long have I be out ? but rictor be already move off outside -- ext . cliff top -- day -- continuous Logan hobble after rictor , who pass jonah , pack a backpack . logan hey . rictor what . final shoot - 8/23/2016 111. logan how long have I be in that bed ? rictor two day . logan you have be sit here two day ? you can not do that . you can not just stay here forever . other kid ( helpfully ) we be not . we have to wait . it be the plan . everyone have `til today to find they way here . logan well , if you keep wait that asshole will find you . and kill you all . you need to get out . rictor ( check a bag ) what do you think we be do , asshole ? we be leave tomorrow at dawn . we be go to cross the border . logan to Canada ? rictor ( walking off ) si. int . / ext . eden - lookout tower - day Logan find Laura and the other mutant child pack up belonging . the older one lead young one -- load gun , stock ammo , prepare for anything . rictor be hunch over a short wave radio . there be voice . in french . he click off , cross to the railing , address the other like a adolescent general : rictor that be the signal . they be ready for we on the other side . everyone double they effort . Logan join Laura at a old mounted telescope . final shoot - 8/23/2016 112. rictor ( cont 'd ) it 's a ten mile hike through the wood , and then , see that pass ? Laura nod , eye press to the viewfinder ... Logan look out at a distant , rugge mountain loom beyond a swath of dense forest . there be a crevasse . rictor ( cont 'd ) through there . that 's the border . that 's where we can be free . rictor now turn to Logan . logan okay . good . rictor ... come with I . Logan notice Laura watch he tentatively . as if gaug how he 's go to react to something ... rictor ( cont 'd ) come . ... rictor take Logan by the arm and guide he , still limping , to a closet -- rictor ( cont 'd ) Laura tell I all you do for she . she be lucky to have you . not everyone be so lucky . Logan glance back at Laura , still watch he carefully . rictor open a cupboard and hand Logan what be leave of the old envelope of cash . Logan stare down at the money -- logan keep it . for you supplies or whatever . rictor she say it 's yours . Logan push the cash back in rictor 's hand . logan yeah . well . look . I do not need this . you do . for supplies . buy she some cereal . final shoot - 8/23/2016 113. rictor regards he a moment , nod solemnly and exit . int . / ext . cliff top structure -- eden -- night outside , the kid all sit before a fire , perch on they rucksack , eat from can of food . eager to make the trip . Inside , Logan tie he boot sit on the cot , observe they with a hint of nostalgia -- the chatty camaraderie , two of the kid goof with they power , laughter -- it tug unexpectedly at he . and then he notice LAURA stare at he . a little hard , a little cryptic . Logan turn to she . logan they seem nice . you friend . ( admit ) kinda remind I -- Laura abruptly rise and march off . Logan throw -- LAURA be about to go outside -- when Logan grab she arm and tug she to he bunk area . logan ( cont 'd ) what 's go on with you ? she ignore he , yanking she arm free -- logan ( cont 'd ) hey . I ask you a question . what be you piss about ? you be with you friend . you make it . LAURA and where will you go ? Logan consider this a moment , smile -- logan nearest bar , for starter . Laura absorb the answer , start to exit . logan ( cont 'd ) what -- you think I be come along ? she glare back at he -- clearly , yes . final shoot - 8/23/2016 114. logan ( cont 'd ) that be never the deal . I get you this far , that 's all I sign up for . I give back the money -- LAURA such a nice man . logan hey , I never ask for this . she start to move off again . logan ( cont 'd ) look , I do not know what Charles put in you head , but I be not ... whatever it be you think I be . Laura look off , defiant , hurt . logan ( cont 'd ) you do not need I . you have get rictor , delilah , Rebecca , Bobby , blah blah whoever . hey . it 's better this way . I suck at this . bad shit happen to people I care about . Laura meet he eye . LAURA then I will be fine . and she walk off . on logan , watch she go . resisting every urge to chase after she -- he slam the door . on LAURA outside , at the edge of the cliff , look out at the star as she wipe she eye , the faint laughter and noise of the kid nearby . she glance back at Logan 's door ... then turn to join they . int . top of cliff -- bunk area -- pre-dawn Logan asleep in he corner . he stir awake . he see something near he face . a hypodermic and one last vial of the green fluid on top of a backpack . beside it , a note : " not all at once . - rictor " ext . top of cliff -- dawn Logan venture out by first light . it 's eerily quiet here now . all the kid be indeed go . Laura too . final shoot - 8/23/2016 115. Logan continue walk through the now - abandon structure , reckoning with the choice he make . ext . eden - top of cliff - dawn Logan be look down at he station wagon still park in the swale -- when he halt . hear a buzzing , then look upward and see -- a flock of drone fly by overhead , fan out . int . / ext . eden -- lookout tower -- dawn Logan burst in , hurry to -- the telescope -- the one that rictor have Laura peer through yesterday . Logan bring he eye to the viewfinder ... logan' Pov through telescope : the same distant mountain and crevasse that Laura have see , five mile away , loom like a beacon , haloed violet by the rise sun . Logan breathes , at once relieved and regretful . about to step away -- when he swing the telescope and see -- logan' Pov through telescope : something be move toward the base of the mountain ... black object , rustling tree ... Logan adjust focus and see -- a convoy of military and alkali vehicle ... Logan drop back from the telescope -- int . eden cliff top -- bunk area -- moment later logan grab that vial of green fluid and the needle . throw they in the backpack , eye fix in alarm -- ext . the wood -- dawn Logan bound through the wood ... but he be already out of breath ... stumbling ... up ahead he start to hear the echoed crack of gunfire , child cry out , shriek -- Logan fall to the ground . gasp , cough , he wound start to reopen . about to lose consciousness , he reach into the backpack , fumble with the syringe and the vial . draw everything in the container and inject himself ... Logan 's eye go wide as the drug hit he bloodstream . he scream . final shoot - 8/23/2016 116. ext . deeper in the wood -- dawn it 's a free-for-all as the reaver descend on they prey -- the kid flee in all direction , desperately try to find cover in the maze of tree , bullet spraying , among that run for they life , Laura -- lizard boy disappear like a chameleon into the bark of a tree to avoid a chase reaver . once the reaver pass , lizard Boy step out from the tree , think he be safe , and turn to find pierce stand there . he fire he side arm into the boy 's chest . lizard boy ow . lizard boy drop to the ground and pierce leave he body to be drag away by reaver behind he . not far away in the wood -- dr . rice ride in a jeep with two soldier . he watch the battle ahead from a safe distance . behind he lumber the alkali Control vehicle . rice move faster . we can not let they get to the border . elsewhere in the wood -- ella be cornere by several soldier , who advance on she . her eye roll up in she head as she draw on she power and -- pine needle lift from the ground and tear from the tree , swirl into a whirlwind . the needle envelope the soldier in a vortex , blind they , stabbing they , shredd they skin , fill they mouthes , gag they . a soldier grab ella from behind , cover she eye . the needle fall to the ground . as he proceed to shackle she wrist -- LAURA leap upon he , spear he with her claw . Laura and ella run away as other soldier fire upon they . Laura try to pull she friend , she be not fast enough . LAURA ( in spanish ) ella ! run faster ! run! Laura take a shot to the leg , stumbling , heal , limping but still move . she look back to see -- final shoot - 8/23/2016 117. ella have be hit and be face down in the leave . LAURA ( cont 'd ) ella ! she cross back to ella to find she dead . Soldiers converge , Laura flee toward other child up ahead . some soldier turn as they hear -- gunfire and mens ' scream from behind they -- 173c behind they , in the wood -- 173c logan sprint through the tree . speed . full strength . we have never see he before like this . he be weapon X in a full berserker rage . his body restore by the huge dose of the drug , he cut he way through reaver and Soldiers one after another like a see blade . they fire on he but it do not matter , he heal instantly . each of they be gore and slashed and kill as Logan race toward the child up ahead , overtake the alkali convoy . angle on -- little bobby run in terror as he 's pursue by three reaver , they bullet chew up the tree around he , gain on he -- -- when he finally stumble , peer up to see that reaver close in on he , restraint and weapon at the ready when -- --snikt ! Logan appear from nowhere and kill they in a instant . a guerilla warrior , drop back in the jungle for one last battle . elsewhere in the wood -- jonah use he ocular mirror connection , make one of the reaver AIM he gun at he own men , mowing they down . then he mime he " puppet " reaver into aim he automatic rifle at himself , shoot himself in the chin . angle on -- delilah delilah be catch against a tree . she breathes on she captor 's arm , freezing it . then she shatter he freeze limb , and the soldier scream as more reaver grab delilah , restrain she ... angle on -- pierce a reaver bring Logan 's backpack to pierce . he look at the vial and empty syringe . he signal the troops to keep move . concerned , he look ahead to the convoy . final shoot - 8/23/2016 118. angle on -- logan as he come upon ella , dead in the leave . he pause , see a trail of blood lead off and away . sniff it . Laura ... then Logan see pierce through the tree . Dr. Rice behind he in the jeep at the head of the convoy . pierce meet Logan 's eye as Logan start toward he . pierce also see -- a reaver in a truck aim a huge rail - gun at logan' back . he fire . Logan be blow backward off he foot . spray with shrapnel . the convoy continue move after the child in the distance . Logan pull himself up from the smolder brush to see -- LAURA up ahead , cornere by reaver . angle on -- LAURA -- surrounded by converging reaver . she snarl and slashes at they rifle . but then she hear a primal scream and look up to see -- logan , sprinting toward she , eye aflame . he slaughter the man surround Laura in a swirl of blood -- and then the father and daughter move on , chase after the convoy , slashing through several more reaver emerge from the wood to ambush they . at the end of this father daughter blade Logan stumble , out of breath , motion for Laura to move on , as she slashes at one more reaver . logan Laura ! now ! Laura obey , start to run , but look back at -- Logan , still panting for air . his fresh wound not heal so fast anymore . Laura know what he 's do . LAURA you take all the medicine . Logan look to he wound , then to Laura . LAURA ( cont 'd ) ... it 's wear off . final shoot - 8/23/2016 119 . logan take the dead reaver's sidearm , stuff it in he belt and lead Laura toward -- in a wooded clearing -- continuous the child run in a pack toward the mountain as fast as they can go . rictor at the rear , exhort they in Spanish to go faster . he turn back to see -- the alkali convoy gaining on they . rictor double he pace , try to catch up to the child when -- bam ! -- he be shot in the shoulder and fall to the ground , hard . pierce leap off he moving jeep and put a boot on rictor , looping a restraint around the boy 's neck just as -- Laura and Logan come to a stop at the edge of the clear . pale and weak , Logan look to Laura . logan go to you friend , Laura . Laura take a step but turn back as Logan add -- logan ( cont 'd ) ... you will know when . as Laura move off , Logan stumble forward place himself in pierce 's path to the jeep . Laura move surreptitiously through the wood to gain better position on she captive friend . she eye the two reaver who stand on a jeep , watch over the child - - and two other reaver stand watch nearby . her eye then land on -- Donald pierce as he throw a bleed richter to he knee , a gun to the back of the boy 's head . rice's jeep come to a stop behind pierce . Laura look to -- Logan , clutching for air . pierce Green juice be wear down , huh ? for a ol ' mute , that a short high . gonna be hard to keep that claw out soon . rictor ( thrashing , to Logan ) waste this dick , Logan ! pierce knock rictor unconscious with the butt of he gun , then aim the muzzle at rictor 's head . he look back up at -- final shoot - 8/23/2016 120. Logan , weak , stand there . Dr. Rice step up behind pierce . dr . rice please stop , Mr. howlett , or I be go to have to tell this man to fire on this child . you can see the effect of the serum be wear off . you will not survive any further wound . Logan glare at Rice , glance at Laura as she encircle the remain reaver guard she friend . dr . rice ( cont 'd ) it 's a honor to meet you . I be Zander Rice . I believe you know my father on the weapon X program . Logan 's dark look go darker . he hold up he bloody claw . logan he 's the asshole who put this poison in I . dr . rice yes he be . one of they . logan I think I might have kill he . dr . rice I think you be right . pierce shit . show some respect , mutey . you be lookin ' at the man who wipe out you kind . dr . rice my friend Donald overstate . the goal be not end mutant - kind but control it . I realize we need not stop perfect what we eat and drink when we could use that product to perfect ourselves . Laura sneak closer to two of the reaver , poise to attack . dr . rice ( cont 'd ) to distribute gene therapy discreetly , through , well , everything -- from sweet drink to breakfast cereal . and it work . ( more ) final shoot - 8/23/2016 121. dr . rice ( cont 'd ) random mutancy go the way of polio . and we embark on we next endeavor . Logan 's eye drift from pierce to Rice to Laura , claw out . logan grow mutant of you own . pierce dangerous time , James . we can not trust fate to -- he lift he pistol and shoot zander rice in the head . the Doctor fall back , dead , in the grass . logan yeah . dangerous . two reaver lunge for they weapon but Laura surprise they , slitting they throat as -- logan shoot again , blowing off pierce's cyborg hand -- and he be about to shoot a kill - shot on pierce but the pistol click , its chamber empty . pierce turn and run towards the alkali control truck . Logan stumble after he , claw out now . pierce grab hold of the control van door , throw it open -- pierce it 's showtime , boy ! and a huge creature leap out of the van , blind - siding logan . it be x24 and he slashes at Logan mercilessly . the fight between they be bloody and feral . Laura watch , terrify . Logan struggle to stay on he foot , but there be fear in he eye . he do not know if he can hold he own against this young stronger version of himself . the commotion distract the two reaver guard the child who raise they weapon . a third reaver line up a shot , put Logan in he cross hair , when he be suddenly take out by Laura . sense they attention be elsewhere , young Bobby shift he weight , extend he finger , eye roll in he head as -- final shoot - 8/23/2016 122. a electrical bolt arc off he finger leaping to the jeep , electrocuting the two reaver guard . Laura turn back as -- X - 24 grab logan and toss he like a rag doll into open door of the control van . bleary , Logan grab the fall door , summon he remain strength and smashes x24 with it , knock the monster to the dirt . Logan reach deep , bring the iron door down like a guillotine on X - 24 's throat . rictor come to consciousness in the grass , he eye find -- x24 , pin on the ground , struggle to breathe , the van door press against he neck . x24 catch sight of Dr. Rice , he fall master . pierce watch , he survival riding on x24 's ability to get up and defeat Logan . pierce ( cont 'd ) get up ! get up , boy ! that 's right ! he kill you daddy ! x24 howl in rage and break Logan 's hold , leaping at Logan , maul he and hurl he limp , bloody body beyond the jeep . satisfied with himself , x24 be shocked when -- rictor Laura ! no ! LAURA leap on x24' back and slashes at he . Logan try to crawl back to Laura to help she . logan Laura ... pierce grab a crossbow from the van and aim it at Logan . he fire , harpoon Logan 's leg . he howl in pain . pierce tie off the harpoon able and toss the crossbow and flee to he jeep , look to escape but suddenly he be cornere by -- the newly freed mutant child coming at he , each enraged , aim they fledgle mutant power at he . they form a circle , trapping he , freezing he , entangle he , shocking he and burn he , all at once . pierce cry in agony . they have no mercy for they lifelong oppressor . final shoot - 8/23/2016 123. bloodie and cut , x24 manage to get a hold of Laura -- he hurl she off he back into a tree ... hard . she lie there , limp at the base of the tree . rictor Laura ! x24 cross to Logan , weaken , deplete , prepare to kill he elder , when suddenly -- rictor extend he hand and with all he energy project he power to the ground beneath the Control Van . Laura regains consciousness , notice the empty pistol a few foot away from she in the grass . then she see -- the rock and earth beneath the control van start to heave upward and lift the control van into the air ... rictor scream as the power of he mutancy ripple through he and with one last push -- he release the rock beneath the van -- and the huge vehicle topples onto x24 , crushing he . meanwhile , the child stare at pierce . he lie dead at they foot , mummify in ice , blood and twisted grass . Logan get to he foot and reach out for Laura . LAURA Laura . you need to get out . ( to the other child ) all of you . get out of here ! now ! suddenly , the be a metallic creak and klunk and x24 emerge , bloodied , from beneath the toppled van . the child scream as the monster make a run at they . logan ( to the child ) go , go go ! run! the child comply , Laura most hesitant as -- Logan stumble to position himself between the child and the unstoppable fully heal creature charge at he -- X -24 gore logan with both he claw and , use they like grapple hook , drag Logan off to the forest 's edge . LAURA no ! final shoot - 8/23/2016 124. x24 heave Logan onto a fall stump , a jagged wood limb spear through logan' torso . Logan howl in pain . Laura run to the pistol in the grass . pull the adamantium bullet from she pocket , fumble to load the gun as -- delirious , lose blood , logan grab helplessly at x24' claw ( already plunge into he ) as the monster jam they deeper , through he , and into the log -- then raise they for one last gore when -- x24 's adamantium skull suddenly explode . he collapse to the ground . done . Laura stand ten foot away , hold the smoking pistol . her eye meet Logan 's and she drop the gun and run to he . logan and LAURA she hack Logan from the tree stump . Logan slide painfully to the forest floor . he struggle to breathe . his body be decimate , he skeleton show through he wound . Laura 's eye be wild and fearful . she can see he be mortally wounded ... she kneel . LAURA no , no , no ... logan ... take you friend and run . go. listen to I , Laura . run . they will just keep come and come . ( grip her ) ... do not be what they make you . the other mutant child emerge from the wood . stand quietly at a distance . Logan watch they all , he eye glassy , he body still . Laura take Logan 's bloody hand , and this time , he hold on . logan ( cont 'd ) ... it 's okay ... LAURA no ... ... daddy ... Logan look at she . then stiffen . take a short breath ... and in he eye , there be a flicker of wonder . logan so this be what it feel like . final shoot - 8/23/2016 125. and then he breath release and he be very still . Laura squeeze he limp hand . disbelieve that he have pass . but there be nothing leave in he . still hold he hand , Laura look up at she friend , tear in she eye . the other child gather closer . wider on -- all the child in a circle around logan . they just stand there in the blast - radius of the carnage as the sun drift lower in the sky . LAURA ( o.s. ) a man have to be what he be , joey . you can not break the mould . ext . mountain - late day the young mutant lower Logan into the ground . bobby have make a simple wooden cross for Logan 's grave . Laura stare unrelent at Logan as the dirt cover he . LAURA there 's no live with a kill . there 's no go back . right or wrong , it 's a brand . a brand that stick . now run on home to you mother , and tell she everything 's alright . there 's no more gun in the valley ... the child all look to rictor . rictor we gotta go . the child all grab they backpack and start on the mountain trail to Canada . but Laura hesitates , still look at Logan 's grave . she do not move , but then , tearful , grab she own backpack . as she pass Logan 's makeshift cross , she look at it a moment , consider , then kneel and tip it on its side to make -- -- a " X " . the camera move in on the X as in the distance , Laura join she friend scale the dark mountain , move toward they future . CUT to black .