london field by roberta hanley base on the novel by Martin amis October 4 , 2001 muse production 15b brook Ave. Venice , CA 90291 p ( 310 ) 306-2001 F ( 310 ) 574-2614 | | [ pic ] fade up ext . sky - night travel forward at a great speed at 10,000 foot up in the air , a full moon illuminate the starry sky above and cloud below . superimpose title - london field a british Airways airplane drop in altitude and skim along the top of the cloud cover . the BA plane fly into and through the title leave a trail of cloud in its tailwind . int . british airways airplane - night a young English stewardess leave the cockpit and walk past a empty first class , a empty Business class and into economy class ; empty save for one unhealthy look american passenger samson young . he 's in he thirty but look over forty . the stewardess approach Sam stretch out , red-eye style over 4 seat . she hand he vodka and tonic on the rock . he 's drunk . samson young Excuse I miss ? do you think you could manage to find for I a valium and a cold glass of water ? she ignore he request and sit next to he . stewardess why be you here when nobody in they right mind want to come to Europe , and especially not London . not now . she study he . samson young I be hope to go to London and find something to write . I need to turn around my fail literary career as a barely know novelist - two novel no one read . and now , I find myself at what my doctor regretfully describe as the very end of my life . stewardess you be not old . samson young that be the crime of it . the stewardess be visibly disturb by this . the stewardess light a cigarette . Sam notice , wait for a alarm to go off . stewardess - turn the smoke detector off in economy class . the fasten seat belt light go on , along with the cabin light . samson young here , in all this , I ought to be able to find a story to be my legacy , to survive I . he empty the glass and hand it to she . samson young May I have another please ? the plane dip noticeably , descend . ext . sky - same the BA airplane pierce the cloud and descend at a fierce angle . int . baggage claim - 6:00 am Sam lift he one large suit case onto a trolley , walk through a desert custom and out the exit door . int . airport MAIN lobby - same Sam find chaos at check in counter . passengers force they way onto flight . ext . british airways terminal - same a sign hold by Radio cab driver keith talent say ' samson Young ' . keith 's beautiful boyish face be puffy , eye blood shot , he crown glory , he hair , be thick & smooth . he 's wear skin tight flare and a red wet-look coat , dress like a porno star . Sam whipped by wind give keith he suitcase . on the street and on the sidewalk , there be no car , and no people . a unusually low red sun , light the area burn it out . samson young ( v.o . ) I do not exactly have much to lose . look back on my arrival now , I be thankful for the murder story I be about to receive . CUT to black superimpose over black the heading : the murder story int . taxi - morning 54.50 on the blatting meter . keith talent at the wheel . samson young ( v.o . ) it be all so perfectly do that I can not tell what be plan or what be fate . keith talent be send by Mark asprey to pick I up at the airport . it 's the sort of detail that haunt I to my grave ... samson Young pass out on the back seat of the Ford cavalier . CUT to black Sam wake up as they approach slough . samson young slough ! listen . I know my way around . I be not over here to see harrod 's , and Buckingham Palace , and stratford -on - avon . slough ? come on . if this be a kidnap or a murder then we will discuss it . if not , take I to London for the amount we agree . slowly , keith pull over . turn , face Sam . keith talent what it be be . what it be be - okay . I see you be asleep . I think " he 's asleep . look as though he could use it . I know . I will pop in on I mum . " disregard the meter . do not mind do you pal ? he point to a line of pebbledash semis on a estate . keith talent she 's sick like . wo not be five minute , okay ? over the stereo a tape play a dart competition with a announcer rave on as dart make contact with a dart board , thud after thud , announce score after score . keith talent dart . I would ask you in but - I old mum . here . read this . he hand Sam a four-page brochure . c.u. on the back of the brochure , a crudely superimpose black & white photograph of the driver , ' keith talent . ' it say : service , * dart lesson give . Sam watch keith jump out of the car and dash towards a house . the door of the house be open by a girl in tiny underwear with thick calve . ext . MARK asprey house STREET - later keith lift Sam 's suitcase from out of the trunk . Sam be impressed by the massive ecclesiastical style house . keith talent it 's a church ... samson young it use to be a rectory or vicarage or something . ( point to a panel above the door ) anno domini . 1876 . o.s. low frequency jet plane rip over the rooftop . keith talent Jesus . samson young what 's all that about ? keith talent cloak in secrecy innit . all veile in secrecy as such . Sam hold back . keith can tell he 's get he reason . int . MARK asprey' house - next keith glance around the opulent place with a looter 's eye . keith talent who own this gaff then ? samson young Mark asprey ? he 's a writer . like myself . but he 's write mostly for theatre & television . I only write unpopular novel . I can tell you now who 's get the better end of this deal . keith talent tv ? I be in tv too . yeah , well , I be due to appear on tv myself . hopefully in a month . dart . championship . keith light a cigarette , walk from livingroom to bedroom . int . MARK asprey' bedroom - same more like a trophy room exploit Mark asprey 's female conquest . mirror cover the wall , ceiling and the bed 's headboard . sign photograph - the erotic print of many female hang on the wall . Sam smirk . samson young why do not he just nail they g-string to the wall . from off a table , keith steal a crystal ball award . c.u. on the award 's glass surface engrave ' for intellectual excellence . keith follow Sam into the next room . int . MARK asprey' office library - same surrounded by tonis , guggy , honorary degree , gowns from Oxford , Cambridge & trinity College , Sam examine the Mark asprey award with some awe . keith pick up in he hand a small ribbone pin from Cambridge University . c.u. it say - ' for literary Achievement . ' keith talent important write prize innit . keith slip this momento from Cambridge University into he pocket . int . MARK asprey' live room - later keith 's make himself at home . Sam analysis keith as they drink beer . int . the screw factory - night the plant robbery off m4 near bristol . chick purchase with he henchmen , don pleat and keith talent be in the cashier 's office of a screw factory . in a horrific display of violence ; keith can not move , he hand freeze over a asian man , unable to club he to he knee . keith look at chick purchase crippling a uniform guard , and Don pleat restrain another guard . chick finish and go over to keith , point keith out to Don pleat . chick purchase he do not have the talent this keith talent . chick purchase & don pleat ( in unison ) do it . do it . keith can not cripple he . even though it would make the guard open the safe . keith be freeze , shaking feebly . keith struggle to speak to the guard by the safe . keith talent o-p-en-it. open it . open it . keith walk away from the guard by the safe and retreat into a corner . keith shrink as chick approach to threaten he . chick purchase keith you be a bad guy ... but not the worst , not the very worst ever . there be worse guy . but not murder ? not yet , keith , right ? well you just leave it to I . chick purchase slap keith and turn away . then seamlessly he slug the second guard with a amazingly destructive right hook to he eye . Don pleat vault over the counter , rifle butt the asian man in the forehead . crack . there 's blood pour from he crack skull spraying out as he fall to the floor dead . a puddle of blood form around he darken he pale cotton shirt . int . MARK asprey' live room - later Sam , greatly disturb and greatly impressed , by what keith do not do at the robbery . samson young I be glad violent crime do not agree with you . keith talent not as such . samson young or not as yet ? keith finish he beer . get up keith get suspicious . keith talent you know I have never meet a writer before . do you get everyone to talk ? I bet you do . what be you write about now ? samson young I do not know . I be look . think . keith talent ( joke ) I be warning you , do not write about I . let 's go to the pub . I could do with another . CUT to black superimpose over black the heading : the murderee ext . funeral golder GREEN cemetery - present day nicola six , a brown -haire beauty of thirty - four . she 's what happen when English blood be tinged with some hot foreign element . dress for death with a veil over she magnificent face ; she observe the coffin be lower into the cemetery plot . the mourner all grieve . overhead a thunder clap boom menacingly loud . nicola look up at the sky away from the funeral 's proceedings . the mourner walk away from the burial site . she be leave there alone . a heavy blackbird fly low over she head . a pleasant look man approach she . man May I help ? do you need a lift somewhere ? nicola six I have not actually think of it . I could use a lift . yes . if you do not mind . the man smile . strange older mourner look back at nicola as he guide she to he car in the parking lot . int . old daimler limousine on portobello road - short time later e.c.u. on nicola 's eyelash blink . her red varnish fingertip touch she lip beneath she veil . nicola and the man from the funeral sit in the Daimler 's front seat , with two extremely wrinkle old lady relative in the back . nicola , stunne , look out at a pub , the Black Cross . nicola six that 's it there , please . that 's the place I have be look for . I be suppose to be there . the car close in on the old pub . ext . car - same overhead , cloud thunder ready to drop its plunger , as nicola step out of the car . she readjust she veil . she walk up to the pub . the pub door have a paint sign say , " tv , dart and pinball . " above the door a old carve pub sign with a heraldic coat of arm read ' the Black Cross . ' nicola six ( to herself ) this be the place . CUT to black superimpose over black the heading : the murderer int . black cross - same nicola walk straight up to the bar amidst groan and whisper , and lift she veil with both hand , expose that eye . her Pov as she see keith . she spot he first . keith see she . the can rock song hit a scratch and skip a beat . keith talent drop he dart . it land on he leave foot , plunging like a missile into he cheap canvas shoe . keith talent fuck . c.u. on keith 's hand pull the dart out of he shoe . a drop of blood gather on the white canvas shoe . nicola 's Pov swish pan to samson Young seat at a table . samson young ( v.o . ) keith be the key to the Black Cross pub . he introduce I around so that by the time we murderee walk in there on that fateful day in October , I be in with all the player . all of they . swish pan from samson Young to guy clinch , tall , handsome , a flourish of boyish hair , raincoat , a aristocrat , over thirty five . guy be depressed , self - efface , but somehow he be too introverted to be sexy . both man , Sam and guy , seat together , notice nicola six immediately . guy clinch who 's that ? samson young I wish I know . nicola walk up to the bar and speak to the barman : nicola six May I have a pack of gauloise please ? godfrey ( barman ) no danger there . we do not sell french fag here , darling . no way . carlyle ! keith exchange glance with he motley , rag-tag entourage - dean , norvis , thelonius ( the pimp ) , shakespeare , bid dread , godfrey the barman , fucker burke , majeet , zbigniew and he dog clive . keith , the superstar of the pub , pouch he dart and limp over to the bar - move in on nicola six . guy watch keith in wonder . the little black boy , carlyle , eagerly receive a crumpled fiver . godfrey get the lady she french fag . go on , will ya . keith talent bereavement , innit . still . God ? get she a brandy . she need it ! what 's you name , sweetheart ? nicola six nicola six . keith talent sex ! nicola six actually it 's six. s-i-x. keith talent seek ! relax , nicky . we get all sort in here . ( Calling out to guy ) hey , cock ! Dead posh ! guy ! High society , innit . come and be introduce . guy and Sam both stand up together . samson young we will have to thank keith for this one someday . Sam follow guy towards the bar . int . black cross - same guy clinch extend he hand towards she black glove bow slightly . Sam slide into a stool behind guy observe nicola from up close . it 's a four shot with Sam behind guy on nicola 's leave and keith on she right . guy clinch how do you do ? keith talent oooh ! ( in a ridiculous fake aristocratic accent ) how do you do ? carlyle come run back to the bar with the cigarettes . nicola remove she glove expose five bitten fingernails . she open the pack of cigarettes . place the funeral program on the bar - a white card with a gold emboss cross above a photo . the photo of a handsome man lean against a convertable mg sportscar . she put a cigarette between she lip . keith light she cigarette . nicola 's Pov e.c.u. of the flame ignite , she cigarette tip . with she , the lighter 's flame be actually pull towards she as she suck it in . effortlessly she exhales a smoke ring . nicola six you must let I pay for this . keith poke he finger into she smoke ring , it crawl over he knuckle in a wave . keith talent all take care of . guy clinch I suppose , I suppose this be by way of there have be a wake . keith talent be not family ? nicola six ( lie ) just a man I use to work for . keith talent still . do you credit . show respect . even if it 's just some old geezer . come to we all as such . the great leveller innit . Sam lean in to get a look at the dead man 's photo . samson young ( to nicola ) May I have a look ? nicola nod she consent . samson young he do not seem to be a " old geezer " do he ? guy clinch I must say you veil be very become on you . nicola six one never get enough opportunity to wear one . I would like to be bury in a veil . Sam be take in by what she say , intrigue by the very mention of she burial . nicola touch she hand to she forehead , unsteady . nicola 's Pov in slow -motion pan across the man as she look at keith then carlyle , Sam , then finally to guy . nicola six oh my , I just have a deja vu . guy clinch of what ? nicola six ( to guy ) oh uh , of you . ( to keith ) and you . ( to Sam ) and everyone actually . ( she stand up to go ) thank you . you have be very kind . keith & guy watch she go . tight skirt . guy clinch ... extraordinary woman . keith talent ( wiping he mouth , leave ) yeah , she will do . guy clinch you be not - keith turn and look at guy 's hand grip he forearm . guy clinch come on , keith . she 's just be to a funeral . a girl like that . keith talent a girl like what ? she 's dream of it , begging for it . pray for it . she 's a bit thin to be my type . angle on she beautiful body wriggle away on high heel . keith talent maybe she bum be fatter than it look . the thin bird can make up for it in the crib . nicola push she way out the pub door . above the door a sign , " no fucking swearing " . keith talent woman always want it after wedding and funeral . life go on innit . life be fuck great . keith rush out after she . guy 's grip on keith slacken and drop . guy follow . samson young guy - where be you go ? guy clinch same place keith be go . samson young I do not recommend it . guy look back at Sam unable to explain or stop himself . ext . portobello road - same keith trail nicola through the stall of the barrow street . she touch a stuff leopard 's head , a stuff monkey 's hand . she look into a crack mirror , multiply she face many time over . she flee . keith chase she , dodging the crowd . keith at the flower stall grab a bunch of dark maroon dahlias , nod at the owner , and dash for nicola . keith talent a time like this . discover the language of flower , and let they soothing word ... ( lose ) soothe away all you care like . ( he give the flower to she ) on I . you head on down this way ? or I get the cavalier around the corner . without touch she , he hand urge she down the street . keith talent I see a girl like you . bit of a beauty . head in the cloud as such . you say you get you own place . she nod and smile . keith talent now . me? I be handy Andy . Mr. fixit innit . you know the fuse 's go . the boiler 's create or the bell do not work . you need somebody with a few connection . ( in a posher voice ) this day , you just can not get decent help when you need it . I do not know what the country 's come to . I do not . as they continue walk , she remove she hat . her hair be pull up into a chignon , hold in place by a clip , which she remove . her hair fall with a shake . her hand pull on she jacket expose she breast . keith talent anything you want , darling . anything at all . nicola six well , as a matter of fact , there be one or two thing that certainly need look at . like the vacuum cleaner . it 's very good of you . keith talent what 's you phone number , Nick ? nicola six have you get a pen ? keith talent no need . get this head for figure . nicola six 0207-221-7711 . keith talent sweet . nicola stop at she dead - end street talk to keith . angle on guy clinch cower just out of sight . int . MARK asprey' office library - same day - dusk Sam lay out he own two publication on the leather - top desk , next to he portable . " on the grapevine " and " memoir of a listener , " by samson Young . he grimace noticeably as he examine he book in he hand . he sit back in he chair . he take out a paper and put it in the typewriter . he stare at it . drink some vodka . pain he can not think up a thing to write . samson young it hurt . I can not do it . I can not write . I can not make anything up . samson Young look through the bay window on the square below and see she - nicola six , still dress in she funeral attire as before ; the dress , the hat , the veil . in she black glove hand she hold something solid , ribbone in red , clutch close like a child . ext . the square - same she stop at the garbage container near the square , look up at the window . her Pov as ray of sun light catch the glass and obliterate any chance of she get a clearer view of Sam . she drop she burden in the trash , move off in a hurry . int . MARK asprey' office library - same Sam eye he clock tick over . rectory bell ring in the hour . ext . the square - next Sam sit on the bench , open the red ribbon 's knot , unwrap she set of diary . c.u. on front page which have nicola six 's name , address and phone number write in . Sam look up and see nicola six , twenty meter away stare . he mime a gesture to return it to she . she walk off fast , turn the corner , go out of sight . samson young what kind of person throw away they own diary ? shamelessly , he thumb through the diary . int . MARK asprey' bedroom - night Sam , as see in bed on the ceiling mirror , the mirror on the headboard , and the mirror on the face wall . he fondle she last page of she diary . c.u. on diary page date . October 6th , 2001 . c.u. on digital watch . 10/6/2001 , 9:02 pm . c.u. on I have find he . on the portobello Road , in a place call the Black Cross , I find he today . my murderer . he read aloud out of she diary . samson young right from the start I know two strange thing . int . black cross flash back - earlier today eerie , slow motion sequence look down on the player - nicola , keith , guy , and Sam be cut half out of frame . samson young ( v.o . ) the first strange thing be that I would be kill . and the second strange thing be that I should not tell anyone about the first strange thing . int . MARK asprey' bedroom - night Sam take a pause , turn back to the front page of she diary , read more . e.c.u. on the bold hand write word at the top of the page of she diary - I live every day of my life with this premonition in my head . ext . london STREET - night nicola 's premonition : the heavy black car be wait . a different black car drive away . the murderee , nicola six , walk down the street . she show little emotion . the black car 's light turn on . slowly , the car lumber toward she . it stop , idle , as the passenger door swing open . all voice be alter ; seem other - worldly , as in a dream , unrecognizable . driver get in . samson young ( v.o . ) she could never quite see the face of the driver , she murderer . his face bar in darkness . she see a car tool ( tire iron ) ready on he lap . she lean forward in intense recognition . murderer get in . and in she climb . samson young ( v.o . ) her murder have a date , even a time : some minute before midnight on she thirty fifth birthday . but what 's miss be the how and who part of the premonition , and if she know that , then she could have control over she own murder . full control . the black car drive away . the image fade away as nicola look back out of the rear window . int . MARK asprey' bedroom - night Sam wince , take a pause before he turn back the page of she diary . stops. read it . int . flashback nicola' childhood bedroom 1976 - night nicola , age 10 , toss and turn in bed , experience a nightmarish premonition . samson young ( v.o . ) nicola 's gift , she second sight tell she about the death of she parent . her mother come in and wake nicola . her face be cover in sweat . she cry . samson young ( v.o. ) she could not help it from happen or get it to happen later or earlier . she just have the ability to know that they be go to die and the helplessness that go along with it . she be not able to control it . nicola six do not go . do not fly on the plane . please do not fly . her mother look back at she father stand in the doorway . mother we be not go anywhere , sweetie . we be not fly on the airplane . we love you . it be a bad dream . samson young ( v.o. ) she know about she parent - she 's angry because she could not change any of it . she hold she mother and dry she tear . int . VIP lounge airport 1986 - night nicola , age 18 , with a schoolgirl 's look , longer hair , in the VIP lounge with fifty people in distress . a television news bulletin show live footage of the scattered plane wreckage , body bag line up on the french airfield . samson young ( v.o. ) it 's not as though she sit about for ten year wait for she mother and Father 's plane to crash ; it 's just that she do expect it to crash and burn exactly the way it do . she just do not know when or where it be go to happen . a handsome steward press a full glass of brandy into she hand as she talk to he . nicola six they both die , anyway , together , as I have always know they would . the survive pilot , cover in soot , facial bruise , look nicola over from head to toe . int . MARK asprey' bedroom - late night Sam sit up in bed with nicola 's diary . SAM every premonition she have be always miss a valuable piece of information . always something be withheld which drive she crazy . Sam reach over and take a pill from a bottle of prescription medicine on he end table . unfortunately he drink it down with a vodka . his face be greasy and sweaty . he lower the light in the room . returns to nicola 's diary in he hand and resume read . uncomfortable , he adjust he position in the bed . angle on the wear out page of she diary , all that year record by she hand . c.u. on nicola 's word - no one will ever love I enough . int . pilot be home - that night nicola have acrobatic sex with the unforgivable plane crash pilot . he 's wear a blindfold . his gold winge captain 's hat flung over the bedpost along with he ornate uniform . int . MARK asprey' bedroom - early dawn Sam close the diary and turn out the last of the light . he lower himself down the bed and rest he head on the pillow . he 's too stimulate by the diary to sleep . he take a last look over at the diary each one open beside he on the bed . he be amaze , they open up a whole new world for he . ext . nicola' dead -end STREET - that morning clutch the diary , Sam face nicola six 's apartment townhouse door . his hair be wet and slicked back from have just shower . he press the buzzer mark number ' 6 ' on nicola 's apartment building intercom . beside the buzzer it say she name ' six . ' Sam wait a beat too much . nicola six ( o.s. ) yes , hello ? samson young my name be samson Young . hello . we meet in the pub , remember , the Black Cross ? and later that day we see each other on the street ? I have some thing of yours I would like to return to you . nicola six ( o.s. ) I be expect you ... I just do not want they . samson young yes you do . nicola six ( o.s. ) no , I do not . samson young okay . then I will try the police . they have a intrinsic interest in murder mystery . nicola six ( o.s. ) Christ , another literalist . look. come back in a hour . it 's all happen rather fast for I . samson young there 's no need for you to dress up for I . I be not a contender in all this . I be -disinterested . but , technically speak , I be also , I suppose , a accessory before the fact . I do not care how you look ... I be not here to stop you . she hang up . a long silence . the buzzer sound . int . nicola six be apartment - later Sam sit in a wicker chair . nicola sit opposite Sam in a soile white dress - gown , hair aslant over she unpaint face . he can not take he eye off of she . samson young you look like you have just fuck fifteen guy . no answer . samson young sorry . I , ugh ... nicola six it 's be a big day for I too . she open a bottle of champagne . pop. pour into a glass with lipstick marking . she will not look at Sam . he slide the diary towards she , across the coffee table . nicola six you read everything . everything ? she blushes . arrange she dress - gown . nicola six so you know all about my sexual ... samson young you clearly associate sex with death . nicola six I always have . I know it . I have be analyze , for year . for I you be just a unwelcome complication . samson young maybe not . maybe I will help simplify . I be intrigue by what you say about the premonition of you own murder ... Sam shift nervously , gain a fierceness to he thought . samson young be you sure you be go to be murder ? nicola six yes . samson young what 's the murder weapon ? nicola six a car tool . a car jack . he fix it in he mind . samson young I see . just as you write about it in you diary ? nicola six I do not exaggerate in my diary . would a gun have impressed you more ? samson young no . nicola six ( smile ) I see . it 's the kind of detail you can live with . he study she . samson young who be go to murder you ? nicola six who do you want it to be ? samson young let 's get this straight . I do not want it to be anyone . I do not want it to happen . but you do . it sound like you have get it under control . nicola six that 's my intention . I just want it to be the way I want it . I have to control it . Sam take it in . samson young I be a writer . I be a novelist . this throw she off . nicola look at he for a beat . nicola six oh , I see . samson young nicola , let I write it . all of it . nervously , she barely smile . samson young I should be there watch . a witness . will you let I do that ? nicola six you know every woman want to be the bitch in the book . samson young and every writer want to write about a bitch 's murder . nicola six I have always feel like a story . nicola look away coyly . nicola six I can not stop it from happen . so I might as well enjoy it . do not you think ? samson young I be try not to think . I will leave all that creative stuff to you . can I call you tomorrow ? she nod . mute , nicola talk on , give a guide tour of the apartment hold she diary across she chest . keith look at she bum as she move it from room to room . the apartment be larger than you think , with a unused guest bedroom and a de . in the de , angle on a mute tv turn onto a news program broadcasting the negotiation between the world 's leader around a large table each with microphone . she lead he to the front door where she give he back she diary . samson young when be you thirty - fifth birthday ? it 's awkward . samson young in you diary , you write that you thirty fifth birthday be the day that you will be kill . nicola six November 5th , 2001 . samson young twenty - one day from today , guy fawk Day , and the day of the total eclipse of the Sun . nicola six that 's correct . very good . she and Sam look at each other for several second . Sam look pale , he eye be red . nicola six but - you be - samson young do not say it ! even if you know it . please do not say it . nicola six my God , you really be . samson young can you tell ? Sam look at she helplessly . nicola six we have something in common after all . they eye widen as they acknowledge this fact . samson young it must be a comfort know which day you will be go . overwhelmingly he study she as she look at he intently . samson young ( v.o. ) she know about herself . and she know about I ; that my life would be so soon over . o.s. she buzzer sound . keith talent ( o.s. ) nicky ? keith . Sam frown . unhappy and jealous to lose she to keith . nicola press the button and let keith into the apartment building . int . nicola six's stairway - same keith 's face lean in and stop to inspect a neighbour 's door lock and hold someone 's brown envelope up to the light on he way upstairs . int . nicola six be apartment - same keith sniff enter the sit room in he Cuban heel and flare . his dart finger flutter about he . Sam stand to one side . keith clock Sam 's presence in the other room . keith look around at the emerald ring on she hand , the tapestry on the wall , horse and lion painting , tv and stereo . nicola six come on in . keith talent Champagne . cheer . jesus. prestigious . Sam watch they interact , impressed by she . nicola six ... do you want a drink or something ? keith talent work before pleasure , love . nicola six you be quite drunk already , be not you , keith . keith talent Little celebration . nicola six I suppose we might as well get start . she lead he into the kitchen . he follow she backside , wiggling he finger near it . Sam see this . keith decide not to ram he hand up she dress . samson young nicola , I will be go now . thank you . Sam slip out of the apartment . he glance back at nicola as she lead keith into the kitchen . int . kitchen - next the coffee grinder sit in a puddle of coffee . she give he a screwdriver . he flirt , pour it on , try to be silly . keith talent it 's come . it 's come . come ... apply the tool , the blade skid into keith 's thumb . keith talent fuck ! drop everything . keith talent m'dart thumb . it 's crucial to master the game . nicola six oh I be sure you will master the game keith . but you be completely hopeless with this sort of thing . or be you just drunk ? she bend over to a drawer expose she garter as she find a plaster band - aid for he wound . she approach he gently quivering thumb , in c.u . her lip near he thumb in such a obvious gesture . she wrap the band - aid around the cut . nicola six see up close , flesh look genital . do not you think keith ? they hand drop out of frame . nicola six ( come closer ) I would better give you a deposit . his Cuban heel edge backwards towards the door . nicola six oh , the man in the Black Cross . guy . clinch . she load keith up , fill both he arm with appliance . keith talent yeah . guy , nicola six he 's someone - he 's someone of importance , be not he , keith . keith talent definitely . he work in the city . he 's title . I see it on he checkbook . the honourable , innit . she step forward roll two hundred pound note together . place it in he mouth . nicola six try not to drop everything . be he rich ? keith talent definitely . nicola six good . there 's a thing you and I might do together . a money thing . you need money do not you keith ? keith talent more than you will ever know . she study he needy face , he long lash , moist lip . nicola six I think so . have guy call I . will you do that ? soon ? keith talent I have be to he house . could go by again for a drink . nicola six good . after all , why should he have all the money ? oh , there 's just one other thing . my name be nicola . not nicky or Nick . keith talent right . nicola six say it . keith talent nicola . she place a finger on he black fishnet shirt . nicola six this sort of stuff . it should be on my leg . not on you chest . Goodbye , keith . keith talent yeah cheer . he back outside onto the stairway . she close the door sip champagne . o.s. he bang he way noisily step down the stair . ext . lansdowne crescent house - later - sunset Travel along from keith 's cavalier park in front of the clinch house with nicola 's appliance , to the sidewalk , up over a wall , to a masterpiece of a large white Regency house . the tree shake in violent wind , with low hang cloud . int . clinch house - marmaduke's hallway - same outside the child 's so-called room , guy and keith look through the door 's square window . keith right there by guy 's side . keith , still wear he black fishnet shirt , dress as he be earlier today , at nicola 's . through the window they see guy 's super- hyperactive three year - old son marmaduke shoot out of bed scream , attack the two large female nurse with all he 's get . the room be white with padded floor , wall and ceiling . hope clinch , guy 's smart , calm , blonde american wife , join they wear a housecoat . keith clock she ten carat diamond wedding ring , expensive slipper . hope clinch ( american southern drawl ) guy ? guy clinch yes ? hope clinch can you see to marmaduke ? I just can not . calmly , guy turn the door handle , open the door . int . marmaduke's padd room - same guy enter the room . keith be beside himself enjoy the kid . the two nurse hold marmaduke 's hand and foot as he writhes like one possess . guy clinch hello , man-cub . marmaduke frees himself and poke guy in the eye . guy hold he eye groan . marmaduke like keith and smile at he . keith be full of admiration . keith talent Lovely son . good boy . great son . keith use he bandage finger to pat marmaduke on the cheek . int . clinch house drawing room - next guy lead keith into the draw room . guy pour keith a brandy . hand it to he . keith survey the valuable in the room . keith 's Pov move like the second hand of a clock around the room . tick - the crystal chandelier , tock - the antique oil painting , tick - the grecian sculpture , tock - the gold Louis xiv clock as it hit the eighth hour . keith raise he glass for a refill . guy fill it up . Old bell chime eight time , end keith 's evaluation . guy clinch cut you finger ? keith talent m'dart finger . happen before I get here . at nicola six 's . you know that skirt who be in the Black Cross ? nicola ? well , you know what I be like . you know . I think she might want see to . guy clinch the flat ? keith talent no. her . keith stretch out he long leg , adjust he jeans . guy clinch how do you mean ? keith talent Christ . guy clinch ( nauseously ) and ? keith talent well it 's hard to tell , you know , with some bird . she 's funny . bit foreign . a enigma innit - you know the type . half the time she 's come on dead tasty . and I mean sorely in need of it . and then , you know , suddenly it 's Lady muck . guy clinch so- nothing happen . keith talent Nah . fuck all , really . and , I be take my leave and , as I say , she ask about you . want you to phone she like . say she require you help . guy clinch what about ? keith talent do not ask I , mate . maybe she like she own sort . I mean I be nothing , be i. I be just a cunt . the door open and hope appear , hold marmaduke like a parcel of plutonium , as he scream and kick . keith steal a gold bird ornament , slip it into he pocket . hope clinch I be go to bed . Kenneth , would you put that cigarette out please ? if you use the kitchen I want everything clear away . without trace . keith draw on he cigarette , one hand cup under the long coal . guy search for a ashtray . hope watch they . guy find a ashtray . keith 's cigarette ash fall onto he hand . guy give he the ashtray . keith drop he ash into it . hope leave . c.u. on keith try to be subtle , lean into guy , in a whisper . keith talent on the whole I find posh skirt shockingly arrogant in bed , always want to get on top and other rubbish . you call she . nicola six . do it . the emotion in guy 's face build and build . ext . notting hill pay phone - same night - next guy burst forward run , no hat , no umbrella . he run through the rain and puddle , past a bag lady , up to the red enclose phone booth . he scurries into the phone booth , put a 50 p coin into the phone box , dial . o.s. it ring once . split screen between guy drip wet in the phone booth on the leave , and nicola in she live room on the right . as the call progress the split screen do not stay split equally on the right and leave screen . it creep slowly leftward ' till the end of the telephone call , when nicola 's side take over the frame completely . int . nicola' apartment - same balance the phone on she shoulder , nicola tear up she bill one after the other . nicola six hello . e.c.u. on the bill tear - the electricity bill , the phone bill , the water bill - ext . notting hill pay phone - same c.u. on guy 's face listen with high hope . guy clinch be this nicola six ? nicola six ( o.s. ) yes . guy melt . int . nicola be - same she stop tear and listen intently . after a long pause - nicola six yes . that would be fine ... 12:30 . yes . good night . she hang up the phone . split screen end , expose Sam as he walk into the room at the far right of frame . Sam watch she every move . nicola six that be guy . we be meeting . samson young keith 's reliable . nicola six be you go to get to know he better now ? do you need to know more and more about keith . more access . who know how it be , Mr. fix - it today , murderer tomorrow . be that what you be think ? samson young I do not know . it 's you story . Sam get up to leave . nicola six and guy ? how 's guy ? samson young his life be split in two , and he 's learn to lie to he wife . he 's never feel happier . she smile radiantly . Sam look into she eye try to penetrate she mystery , and can not . so , he walk to the door . hesitates at the door , turn around . samson young and you ? nicola ? how be you ? nicola six I be fine . she look at he look so beautiful , so vulnerable . samson young you have just twenty day to go . nicola six that 's fine with I . Sam approach she with all the sympathy he 's ever know . samson young why ? nicola six I do not know . samson young you want to die ? nicola lean in and try to kiss he on the lip . he pull away . nicola six not very much . not now . when I be with you . she try to kiss he again . Sam pull away . it 's awkward . nicola be startle by this one man 's rejection . samson young no thank you . I think I would lose my objectivity and write a bad novel about you . he open the door , turn he back to she , and hesitates before leave . he turn around and she 's already go . int . keith' garage - next day - afternoon keith teach dart to Sam , drink a lager , sweat , among all he steal merchandise , the gold bird , Mark asprey 's crystal ball award , and pornography play on the tv ( mute ) . keith talent insincere dart . no clinicism . throw it right for Christ 's sake . get the fuck thing in there . keith grow silent , grieve priestly . Sam hesitates point he dart at the board on the wall . keith talent I have forget more than you will ever know about dart . samson young aah , the darting poet and dreamer . keith talent I be give you some of my dart knowledge . samson young and I be give you fifty pound a hour . keith talent respect that , Sam . respect it . samson young go on , tell I everything you know about the game . I have get fifteen second . keith talent the sincerity of the dart , the address of the board 7 foot 9 and a half inch as set by the dart federation . Weight on the front foot . head still . then nice follow through . Grace the oche . ( whisper in he ear direly ) you be look at treble 20 . nothing else exist . nothing . throw the fuck dart . Sam throw he dart , it land on double 3 . keith talent insincere dart . no clinicism . throw it right for Christ 's sake . samson young dart be a ridiculous game . I do not care anyway - keith slam Sam and drop he against a heap of crate . keith talent you do not never show no disrespect for the dart ! okay ?! Sam reposition himself in front of the dart board and throw a dart - treble 20 ! keith talent that 's right treble 20 ! what dart be all about ! keith pick Sam up and whirl he around in the air . int . keith' ford cavalier - dusk SAM young so how 's kath ? keith talent m'wife ? what she expect ? moan on . baby this . baby that . can not sleep . Babies be what a skirt do . samson young I have look after child - baby . Babies worship they mother but they torture they too . they torture they with the sleep weapon . keith talent what would a bloke look after baby for ? it 's not real work as such . why be you look after kid ? samson young it be not a job . two year ago I lose my brother . they have a two year - old and another one just arrive . I be with she , the widow , through all that - keith talent sad , that . happens . say no more . samson young ( continue ) - all kath need be a couple of hour a day with the baby off she hand . it would transform she . I would be glad to do it . keith talent I have come across you sort before . in prison . that 's turbulent ground . caught off -guard Sam laugh . samson young that 's not I . through the windshield angle up on the high rise council flat block with thousand of tv set turn on . keith slow the car down to a halt . int . keith' tower block golborne rd . - same Ground floor start to climb , the wind lift garbage , plastic container , papers , dust off the ground . keith talent you get the -? for the dart lesson ? Sam give he the fifty pound . keith look at Sam unhappily . keith talent we go indoors . keith 's elevator be dead . they climb the eleven floor , pass a litter of sick junkies . keith open the door , avoid Sam 's eye . int . keith be home - same fade , patient , kath talent stand in the kitchen colour , cooking over a stove , baby kim in she arm . the baby shine surround by poverty . samson young sometimes love travel at the speed of light . the child ... the child be a angel . kath look confuse . this kind of poetic chatter be way over she head . keith pick up he dart and throw a few at a board on the wall of the room . kath offer Sam the baby . kath talent can you take she for a minute ? samson young sure . he take she and hold she up high above he . angle on Kim fly above Sam against the neon light . she look down at Sam . samson young there she be . there she be . Sam step on the stuff furry rabbit on the kitchen floor . slow motion : the rabbit let 's out a few note of a melody . slow motion : Sam stand Kim up on the kitchen counter , try to reach up to the cabinet handle , expose bruise on she thigh , back , arm . slow motion : o.s. a phone ring . keith 's dart land on the bull 's eye. keith jump up . in mid-air he turn toward the ringing phone . slow motion : in mid-air keith turn , land , pick up the phone . his face contort as fear hit he . samson young ( o.s. ) this be the thing : keith be right now , one inch from disaster . and he know it now . ext . townhouse paradine STREET w1 - day samson young ( o.s. ) he have be borrow money on the street , more particularly paradine Street in the West end . he have be borrow from a loan shark - kirk stockist . slow -motion keith and kirk stockist , a older wiseguy step out of a gold roll -royce . they shake hand . keith pat a bulge in he pants where a envelope of cash be hide . freeze frame on that last subtle movement of keith 's . split screen : 2 - way - between keith on paradine STREET and the casino . int . casino - night samson young ( o.s. ) then he borrow from Lee crook in the casino to pay the vig - on kirk stockist 's loan . slow-motion past tasty girl deal card and spin wheel of fortune , keith step out of a back room with lee crook , a extremely young wiseguy dress in gucci . keith be shaking Lee crook 's hand . once again keith pat he bulg pants where a envelope of money protrude . Lee wink at he , flash a diamond sparkling off he front tooth . freeze frame . the paradine STREET side of the Split screen move at normal speed . keith walk out of frame , return to paradine Street townhouse to give kirk stockist Lee 's casino money . freeze frame split screen : 3 - way - add to paradine STREET , and the casino , a whorehouse . int . whorehouse shepherd market - night samson young ( o.s. ) and then he borrow from Ashley royle in he mayfair whorehouse to pay another vig Lee crook . what a mess . slow -motion Red lamp light , french Lessons sign in neon . Ashley royle walk keith out down the hallway pass a recognizable member of parliament and a tv personality - rick purist . Rick bear a uncanny resemblance to keith . keith stare , be nudge out reluctantly , mouth he ' thank you ' patting a money bulge in he pants . freeze frame . split screen : 3 - way - normal time speed at the casino , keith return to Lee crook and give he Ashley 's whorehouse money . freeze frame : all three screen lock still . int . health club - sunset slow-motion mute : Lee with cigarette , Ashley cigar , kirk with cigarette and vodka , all walk on treadmills next to each other . above they a tv set be turn onto ' the sopranos ' show . the middle guy hold the cell phone out front so that they all can scream at once . samson young ( o.s. ) and now somehow they find out about each other and now all three of they want keith to pay the whole damn thing . int . keith' council flat - same slow-motion c.u. on a handful of keith 's dart fall from he right hand , land , roll on the floor . Sam in the background listen in . all three ( o.s. ) you fuckin ' pay on Friday or we will break you goddamn dart finger - cut off you fuckin ' dart finger - slice off and feed you you dart finger ! back to normal time speed keith tear at the phone and smashes it against the wall . at the end of all that he stare at he finger , he hand spread out before he , all powerful . from he Pov he hand glow like God 's hand . keith talent I be cold . my hand be cold . they be numb , they be . oh , God . keith push aside the pan of uncook egg and warm he hand by the gas stove top flame . keith talent my hand be numb . be this what it feel like at the end , right before you go ? samson young be it a lot of money ? keith talent yes . then that 's what it feel like . int . black cab - night - next a old black cab drive up to nicola 's . stop . the cabbie look in the mirror at he passenger . Sam , the passenger , on a cell phone , hesitates in the backseat . cautiously , he look up at nicola 's . he see she easily . samson young I just think you should know keith be in trouble with he vig . he owe a lot of money . she walk across the livingroom . turn she light out . nicola six ( o.s. ) I will get it for he . and then he will love I forever . Sam sit back in the cab . think . int . nicola' apartment - same she stand in she livingroom , sip a red wine , listen and sense someone be there . she walk up to the window and look down at the street . angle on Sam 's cab . just then , Sam move away from the cab window . the cab light turn off . it 's a standoff . the only thing she can see be the cabbie smoking a cigarette , park . int . black cab - same nicola six ( o.s. ) it 's good to be love . do not you think Sam ? Sam lift the cell phone away from he ear . he press the end button . click . Sam be leave there alone , unsettle . ext . MARK asprey' house - sunday - morning the Sunday Times fly onto the stoop of Mark asprey 's . some child and they parent rush past this convert rectory to go to church . int . MARK asprey' office - sunday - same Sam be just rouse from have pass out on the desk last night write he novel . he lean over to read what 's on the paper in the typewriter . c.u. on the page in the typewriter . he read the eight word at the top of the page out loud . samson young like a bride , surveying the main actor of the scene , immediately she know , with pain , with grave arrest , that she have make contact with she murderer . he tear out the page . place it on a pile . page and page be pile up everywhere . he 's be up write all night . Sam stare into the desk . e.c.u. on the lock and the gold emboss initial of m.a. on the desk . he pick up some memento from Mark asprey 's desk . e.c.u. on a pornographic love- letter c.u. on word like suck and lick partially cover by a lock of brunette hair the color and texture of nicola 's , attach to the letter with tape . e.c.u. on a polaroid in Sam 's other hand . a photo of a nude woman from behind , in a kitchen strain pasta . this could easily be nicola . Sam put this memorabilia beside nicola 's open diary . angle on the lock drawer , monogramm ma in gold leaf . samson young maybe Mark asprey 's get a whole girl in there . c.u. on nicola 's diary page , the initial ma circle in red ink with a question mark . c.u. on the page which Sam read aloud to himself . samson young " the only one I keep go back to . the only one who be half a match for I . the only one I have ever be stupid for . the handsomest , the cruellest , the best in bed ( by far ) be m.a . ( he look up from read she diary ) a resident of notting Hill . connect to the theatre . m.a. Pan away from this open volume , over the 5 close volume of nicola 's diary . samson young m.a .? this fuck kill I . nicola and m.a.? nicola and m.a.? Sam agonize . he look up at a monumental wall of award and prize , photo and statue . Sam reach for the deep desk drawer , try to pry open the lock with a letter opener . the desk 's monogram be clearly visibly stencile in gold around the lockhole - ma. c.u. on the tip of the letter opener scratch the antique wood finish of the drawer , stop on the gold inlay initial of ma . he look outside . angle on he view of the park and the London cloud gather in the distance . he return to he typewriter . put in a fresh page . type he novel . samson young ( v.o. ) at this point nicola operate a split personality . with only sixteen more day till she birthday - and murder - but somehow deep inside she - she know exactly what she be do . ext . london field hyde park sunday - same aerial shot - you can see mile of the park where nicola and guy stroll on a path between the tree . nicola in she blonde fur coat stare into the sky . guy in a corduroy suit , boot , stare at nicola who look staggeringly beautiful . overhead a low hang cloud cover move across the sky mark by persistent strike of lightning . nicola six the orphanage and charity school show I that great human kindness though hard to find , do exist . it be four rather long year as a governess , two as a nurse , novitiate - after my work with cripple here , I care for leper in India . ext . hyde park pond - next they walk along the pavement beside the pond . at the sculpture laden man-made pond , she be frame by angelic cupid and fountain pour water . nicola six now I would like to be able to perform more good work than I have in the past . somehow I feel so unproductive , unfulfilled still , ineffectual . aerial shot show they walk towards Park Lane between tall elm tree . they walk apart from each other . guy clinch no , no , you be a saint nicola . compare to the average person that I come across . you must give yourself credit . you be so unselfish . they pass by the large nubbie elm tree trunk , under the cover of twinkle leave nestle in the breeze . leave fly up off the ground and spin round before they on the path . nicola six maybe it 's that life be so isolate , I live in seclusion so much of the time , my experience with ... other be so unreveal . I have so little knowledge , of what it 's like . int . five STAR historical restaurant ST . jame ' - next nicola speak to the waiter , drink she martini quickly . nicola six a dozen oyster please . guy clinch nothing for I , thank you . nicola six ( lighting a cigarette ) be you shocked by my dependency ? I be . as you have gather I be rather a nervous person - rather a ridiculous person , I be afraid . it 's not very often I go out into the world . guy clinch actually I find it touch . nicola six in the modern world it 's not often ... no. ( stop herself ) let I start again . you see , today , I must be sensible . I do have something I want to ask of you . during my early year in the orphanage , I befriend a little burmese girl - beautiful , abandon . like partner in a concentration camp where the enemy be lovelessness , we keep each other go . when I be twelve I go on to the charity school , really a black factory , while my little soulmate be adopt or farme out to a pitiless iraqi . the man abuse she . there be violence . she - she fall . do you understand ? guy nod grimly . the oyster arrive . with a fingertip nicola direct the waiter to replenish she martini . nicola six I would weep over she letter . her life be so very much harder than my life , even with the headmaster 's switch , all of it . she have the child : a son . she be then repatriate , never to return ... guy clinch burma ? she 's still there ? my god. nicola six the Proxy War . occasionally a blood smudge dispatch write on toilet paper or elasoplast find it 's way to I . mother and child be sighted in a refugee camp in Thailand , a resettlement facility in burma , and a slave camp in burma . guy clinch it 's hopeless there . the whole area . nicola six you know , in a way it 's ruin my life as well as hers . I feel so desperately incomplete without she . I think that 's why I never ... but that 's another story . I must bring they back . I will never feel whole until I bring they back . you have connection do not you guy ? be there perhaps something you could do ? inquire ? guy clinch yes . I could certainly try . she be give another martini which she drink quickly . nicola hand he a paper . she eat she eleventh oyster . nicola six could you ? they name be here . I would be eternally in you debt . Little Boy be always simply know as Little Boy , though he 's almost a man now . her name be en lah gai . I call she enola . enola Gay . samson Young walk up to guy 's table . samson young so great to see you , guy . be I interrupt ? do I come too soon ? guy check he watch . guy clinch no samson . you be right on time . samson young ( to nicola ) hello . nicola smile , disinterested . guy clinch please . this be nicola six . samson Young . guy stand up . Sam and nicola shake hand . Sam sit next to nicola . guy sit down . nicola six pleasure . we meet in a pub , actually . samson young excellent memory . nicola ignore Sam . a waiter take Sam 's order . samson young kettle 1 on the rock . nicola six guy ? I take it you be marry ? Sam watch she manipulate guy . guy clinch yes . yes . and I too have a adorable little boy . my wife hope and I have be marry fifteen year . nicola six that 's not so common any more . marry so young . how romantic . well do . Sam can not believe the shit she 's get away with . the waiter place a drink before Sam , a brandy before guy . guy signal to the waiter for the bill . another waiter offer guy a cigar from a open humidor cigar box . guy take one . Sam put he arm around the back of the banquet , lean into nicola . samson young ( whisper ) he believe everything . nicola six ( whisper ) why should not he . it 's all true . she watch guy pay the check . guy look up . do not catch anything wrong . puff on he cigar . ext . STREET ST . jame ' - next nicola then Sam exit the restaurant together . samson young I will drop you , now . nicola six when will I see you ? samson young in four hour . eight o'clock . at keith 's dart match peckham . nicola six I will see you then . wish I luck . samson young you do not need it . guy step out of the restaurant and join nicola and Sam . banker and businessmen in bowler hat crowd they on the sidewalk . she hail a radio cab , ( like the car in she premonition ) . guy open the door for she . Sam stand back observe guy and nicola . they exchange some word . guy touch she arm gently . cab driver get in . she hesitates . cab driver get in ! she put she hand on the car door handle . freezes . traffic jam up . car horn honk . cab driver get in ! miss ! get in ! angle on cab driver 's lap - no tire iron ( weapon ) . she turn back to guy as she tear fall from she eye and roll down she face . guy clinch you be cry . nicola six help I . I be so terribly alone . please help I . find they . guy clinch I promise I will . she enter the back seat . the car drive off . her poppy red fingernails tighten around the arm rest . int . radio cab - same she turn to guy through the window glass . her own face reflect upon the window glass over guy 's face . as the car pull away , she see Sam join guy and walk off together . guy turn , look back at nicola for one more haunt glimpse of she . Sam watch guy lose he heart to nicola , make a mental note of it . int . brixton hall dart match - 8 pm night keith 's dart hit the board . referee double 18. keith talent showmanship innit . sheer showmanship . referee double 18 . keith talent be the champion . keith stand on stage , stunne by victory . Sam , nicola , and the Black Cross gang stick out amongst a all male 99 % black audience who stand howling . a bottle crash onto the low stage not far from keith talent . audience boo ! boo ! off ! off ! fuck off whitey ! keith turn to the audience and frees he underpant from between he buttock , make a obscene gesture . keith talent ( to he opponent ) no disrespect , mate , but there 's always go to be a question mark over the temperament of the black thrower . his opponent advance on he with one dart raise like a knife aim at he heart . keith take that dart and stab he opponent in he hand . Sam lean over to nicola . samson young keith talent . at this moment he be a winner and he have he head in the cloud free . this ought to please you tremendously . it 's exactly how you want he . relaxed and happy . nicola six take I home please . samson young sure . let 's go . do you think keith will reach the dart final ? nicola six oh , he will . he will win the next two qualifying tournament . I see that very clearly . samson young be it keith then ? be keith you murderer ? nicola six can not think like that . I have get to get out of here . nicola struggle through the crowd as Sam lead she outside into the rainy street . int . MARK asprey' entranceway - next Sam open the door , rush into the house , drench in he raincoat and hat . hold the door open for nicola . nicola look like a spy in a raincoat , wet brunette hair , drip umbrella . he help she off with she coat . she study the place pretend she would never be here before . wipe the rain off she face . she look nervous , uncomfortable . Sam show she into the live room , smile . he open a bottle of champagne , hand she a full glass . she look at the photograph on the coffee table . samson young call it off , nicola . do something else . live . nicola six ( overly emotional ) it 's not up to I . but , it 's go to happen just as I have say , on my birthday . the same day as keith 's dart final . Lovely thing that . it give I great confidence as the murderee - that event be move now . and only twelve day leave . she take a cigarette . Sam do not lose a moment to light it . Sam look at she with grave concern . o.s. a phone ring and ring ... Sam struggle to keep up . o.s. as phone ring . Sam stand . nicola stand . nicola six be not you go to answer the phone ? where 's the lady 's ? samson young down that hall next to ma 's office . she give no reaction to the mention of Mark asprey 's initial . Sam watch she walk out of the room . he turn the volume up on the message machine speaker . missy harter ( on machine ) you book deal be go through . you will hear from the lawyer . I be time urgent . call I . click . Sam be surprised this definitely throw he off guard . Sam be very pleased . a tree bang against the window . Thunder strike nearby . hale pelt the glass window . he walk out of the room . int . MARK asprey' office library - next Sam walk by and spy nicola in Mark asprey 's office : bent over he desk , try to pry open the lock drawer with a letter opener . samson young so , you be in love with he ? m.a.? she give he a sober stare . walk out of the office . he follow she , mask he agitation poorly . nicola six stick to the story . you be confusing the issue . she walk into the livingroom . sit on the couch . cross she long leg . samson young how be I suppose to write you story when you will not answer I ? nicola six I can not . it 's all in the diary . that 's it . samson young fuck you then . I be outta here . I do not know you . I can not write about you . nicola six sam. wait . please . do not leave I now . Sam turn around . samson young why ? why do you care if I go or not ? what 's it matter to someone like you ? nicola six no one know I . I can not change . do not you understand ? it 's not really up to I . please do not hate I . samson young I be sorry . nicola six tell I something good . what page be you up to on my story ? he sit down opposite she . he look ill . samson young we story . nicola stand to depart . she kiss Sam 's cheek . nicola six you look ill . she kiss Sam 's other cheek . linger . Sam move he face imperceptibly towards she , then hesitates and move away from she . she sense he grow distant . nicola break the spell . nicola six keith should be call I soon . samson young I think he 's get a robbery line up . he 's get to pay the vig . nicola six he will not get catch . if that 's what you want to know . I think I can find my way out . she leave . Sam close the door . her visit be a sober intoxicating experience . he walk off to the office library to learn more . int . MARK asprey' office library - same Sam rush up to the diary and frantically try to find the ma reference . he 's so flustered he shove everything , include the diary , on the floor . he take a letter opener and stab it into the ma initial emboss on the desk . fade into : ext . opium field burma - day acre of red poppy with black opium center . opium slave farmer lift pale of water like oxen , irrigate the field , under gunpoint . five soldier , smoking opium , aim they gun and shoot at a exhaust lady and a boy slave . gravely injure , they collapse . the soldier laugh at they , prod they with they gun , and shoot they again . a priest look at they from a window in a Red Cross building . some nun run out into the field scream at the Soldiers . int . guy clinch office park side - morning guy in a three piece pinstripe suit at he desk with its single Visual display unit , in he japanese ' minimal ' design modern office , overlook hyde Park . he speak on one of five phone . guy clinch her name be e-n-o-l-a Christian name , G - a y. enola Gay . her son be know as just Little Boy . int . red cross build day burma - same amidst o.s. the sound of a single gunshot fire . priest I will try . it 's difficult for I just as yet . I have write it down . enola Gay and Little Boy . right you be . I have you phone number . yes . in fact , the archbishop 's office do call . of course . God bless . the Priest hang up the phone . two slave farmer , the lady and the boy , be carry past the priest on stretcher . int . black cross pub - same day - late afternoon straight out of the office , guy be still in he three piece pinstripe suit . Sam be with guy . keith shout over the pub music to guy as he back away out of the Black Cross , hand in pocket , look hungry . keith wear low hip-hugge flare and a electromagnetic shirt , accompany by he faithful dog clive . keith talent do you see she ? do you fuck she ? guy flinch . Sam laugh , walk to keep up with keith . guy clinch you do not understand . I do see she earlier yesterday but - she do not ... she 's not - she 's not like that . I be try to , to trace someone for she . I be try to help she . keith talent ( angry ) listen . I want something ? I go for it . I ? I be in there . boof . I be like a dog . you kick I ? I do not run and hide . I be back . I be in there . guy clinch keith , you be upset . keith talent you be all the fuck same . keith walk to the bar leave guy feel inadequate . samson young what will it be ? scotch or vodka ? guy clinch vodka . please Sam , let I buy you a drink . Sam pity he . samson young do not you know it 's not over till it 's over . Sam laugh , finish he drink . int . nicola' bedroom - next work , prepare she character , at she makeup mirror . she be transformed with tousle hair , a depressed , sleepy look , wear a white cotton dress . she mess up the bed so it look like she 's toss and turn in it sleepless all night . she walk into the live room for guy . int . nicola' live room - same guy step forward , concerned . she look haunt . you would believe whatever she say . guy clinch my news be not terribly encourage . would you rather I come back another time ? mute - guy talk on , hand she the globe . she flop into a seat . o.s. hail be the one thing she can hear tapping the window . she turn to he . she can hear he voice again . guy clinch ... I do not want to be a total wet blanket . the man I know at greenpeace be try to make contact with a clear house in burma . there be several avenue still untried . silence . her tear well up in she eye . guy clinch I be sorry . I be so sorry . nicola six I have a confession to make . hear I out , and then go away forever . I never think my life would change . I think it would just go on , like this . or I would end it . I never think I would meet anyone good . I just mean good . and now it 's happen and ... oh , guy , I be so completely throw . guy clinch ( cut she speech suddenly ) say it . nicola six I be in love . with you . there 's just one other thing . I warn you I be a ridiculous person . guy clinch what be it ? nicola six I be a virgin . guy clinch I have never know purity in a woman before . this news leave guy struggle with this information speechless . in the end he worship she for be a virgin . int . MARK asprey' sitting room - next day samson young and nor have I . Sam stand nervously , fidget , uncomfortably jealous . the low sun glare into he eye . nicola lounge in a sweater and snakeskin pants drink a large quantity of straight vodka in a tall cut crystal glass tumbler . samson young why do you think you do that ? nicola six I do not know why I tell guy I be a virgin . samson young let I guess . you know he would believe you . nicola six yes . I almost say the other thing : ' I be pregnant . ' whoops ! now that would have be quite bad . samson young no come back from there . why would you say that ? she look at Sam as though he should know . Sam squint and look at she all sensual , sip she drink like a cat . Sam 's beginning to get more interested in she . more than he would like . nicola six I be tired of you question . I wonder what keith be do now ? samson young I have no idea . nicola six actually . he 's expect at my place shortly . I buy a white bikini for the occasion . she pull a tiny versace shopping bag out of she purse , to show Sam the bikini . samson young ( jealous ) a bikini ? for he ? I can not take anymore of this . she jump on he all needy . nicola six do not be that way . you have get to come and see . you still do not understand . samson young well it 's hard sometimes . nicola six I bet it be . Sam pull away . nicola laugh . samson young what 's so funny ? nicola six I be mix up . be it guy that 's come over , not keith ? no. keith be come over . I think . she laugh very confuse , dizzy , carefree , amused , and drunk . Sam sit down and watch she with great interest . samson young how be you ever go to get home to answer the door ? she laugh hysterically . nicola six I do not know . but I always do . I like to . ext . black cross pub - next keith step out of the Black Cross , see a british Racing Green jag turn the corner to he right . a low sun whiten the street . a dust storm pick up dirt , newspaper , leave , and blow past keith . keith run away across the street . the car stop . someone jump out of the car , run after keith . it 's gotta be someone the vig send to collect on the money keith owe . keith run for it . the man run after keith . a high speed chase through a brick alley of portobello Road . keith jump a fence onto a grass courtyard . he stove in a kitchen window . jump into the house . disappear . his pursuer see the break glass window and climb in . ext . other side of house - same keith hail a cab . step into the cab . depart . fade into white : int . nicola' skylight - next from keith 's Pov as he eye adjust to the glare of white sunlight . keith upon a stepladder ascend slowly into the brilliant low hang sunlight . he see a elbow , a brown shoulder , and the rest of nicola lie in white underwear aglow in sunlight . she be solarize into a white hot , glow silhouette . the wind whistle by , blow she hair . int . nicola' apartment - same keith 's body stop dead halfway up the ladder to the sunroof . the bottom half of he body in he hip-hugge jeans be in the apartment , he head be outside peeping out onto the roof . ext . nicola' skylight rooftop - same keith 's Pov c.u. on a drop of perspiration between she breast as it roll down she skin and over the water repellent bathing suit top . keith climb onto the rooftop , take in the sight of nicola , afraid to blink and miss something . nicola six hello . keith talent ' she wear a itsy - witsy teeny - weeny ' , yeah cheer . nicola six do you know the etymology of bikini keith ? keith talent wha ? nicola six bikini atoll in the Marshall Islands , keith , the site of the U.S. atomic bomb test . I still do not see how this inevitably lead to a ' scanty two - piece beach garment wear by woman . ' she and keith both look down at she body as she chat . keith talent both be do or die situation . two bird play in a pool of rainwater on the rooftop . keith talent play tonight , you know . nicola six dart ? keith talent dart . yeah . my confidence be high . I be ooze confidence . I know the knocker take the piss , but there 's considerable prestige in the sport this day . the final 's televise . if I taste victory there I go on to play Kim twemlow , the world 's number one , before the camera . Kim twemlow - the man 's like a god to I . nicola six I see . well I be sure you will prosper , keith . in fact I know that you will win . int . live room - same nicola enter , still wear she bikini . keith in front of the pile of appliance on the floor . the open window let in a onslaught of low direct sunlight , like bleach . keith struggle against the sunlight to see nicola clearly , fully . keith talent now I be at it . get you fix up . be there - be there anything more you would like I to do for you ? nicola six you mean sex ? we will see , keith . all in good time . first some question . can you keep you mouth shut , keith ? do you have to run and tell the boy about all you good time ? keith talent no way . never do that . nicola six ( sarcastic ) I be sure you do not . all right . we be go to do this at my speed . all right ? keith talent you be on . she hand he a shower attachment and a book . nicola six take this . you do not have to do anything with they . they be prop . just prop . o.s. the buzzer sound loudly . she press the door open button . ext . nicola' apt house - same Sam and a mercede radio cab and driver wait for nicola 's answer . int . nicola' apt - same nicola buzze Sam in . keith talent who 's that ? nicola six the first test of you discretion be on he way up the stair . remember : sssh . she place the roll of money into the crotch of she bikini bottom , and pat it . nicola six keith ! it look like - it look like ... keith talent yeah . nicola six I have get a pistol in my pocket . keith talent uh...yes . nicola six ( offer she crotch ) here . he reach for it . nicola six do not touch . but she allow he to touch enough . e.c.u. on the bikini material , and the money . he lift the border of the bikini off she skin . his finger proceed into the void between she skin and she bikini . angle on she face . she 's watch . so far you can tell he have not touch she . angle on keith 's face struggle . c.u. on he finger slide the money out . c.u. on nicola inhale through she flair nostril . int . nicola' stair - same keith stop , with he shower attachment and book , look back at nicola 's . he walk back up to she door slightly ajar . he hover here in hesitation . nicola face he . nicola six we be go to do this at my speed . she close the door . keith talent ( raging ) no . no , not you speed . my speed . with the fast forward and the freeze Frame and a bit of the old slomo near the end . rape nicky . at a man 's speed , with none of the brake woman use if you let they . he turn away from nicola 's door . Sam be stand there observe . samson young ( v.o. ) in the end keith have to leave it . even though he feel the rape capability . after all , even keith know there 's no money in rape . but there be money in nicola six . keith turn back down the stair and descend . samson young hey , keith . keith talent Sam . Sam march up to nicola 's , just as she open she door , to go out . nicola six I be ready . samson young okay . ext . the london thame - later that day - dusk angle on the Thames water reflect city light in choppy wave . nicola stand with guy along the river by the savoy Hotel . she touch she hair . nicola , in she beret , in she skirt suit and tie look like a WWII nurse . lean against the railing they face each other . her hand slide into he . nicola six thank you for all the sentiment you have awoken in I . it be wonderful to learn that I could have this feeling . my love , if you ... you see , I suspect that there be something deeply frivolous about pursue a course that hold so little prospect of good . guy clinch you be a angel - but - even a angel - nicola six please , I can not trust my resolve . I will never forget you . she take she hand back . nicola six now , I be go to walk away . guy clinch darling , no - nicola six and I want you to let I . let I go . she turn and as order , he watch she walk away until she be long go . out of sight nicola cross the street . Sam in he black radio cab mercede be wait . she get into the back seat . the Driver take they away together . ext . golgatha pub - same c.u. on the green jaguar slide into frame . it 's the same person who chase keith , from before , because of the money he owe the vig . the jaguar drive alongside a park , conspicuously customize , Mini . the car be soupe - up , low sling with rally light , customize chrome fender , and celebrity window . from one of the vig 's Pov we see a slice of the view inside the mini. he just barely miss see keith hide . he lay down in a recline position in the driver 's seat . keith raise he seatback up . wait . keith look at he dart finger . thelonius be drunk , as he get into the car look every bit the pimp . keith talent where have you be ? eh ? I be sit 'ere . time just go . and I stay the same . wait ' ere for what ? thelonius slam he hand on the dashboard , kick the car . thelonius ( jamaican accent ) sdoveo . lot of digital video . keith talent we will not be get too many digital video in here mate . this minge - wagon be pretty eye-catch . thelonius dis be da care man of my baby mama . nothing wrong wit that girl . ext . back door tavistock road store - later c.u. on thelonius ' key as it turn the lock . keith talent ba-da-b . int . tavistock road store - next in the dark . thelonius torch onna blink ! keith at the cashier 's till smashes it open , pull out a fistful of luncheon voucher . thelonius ignites he ronson lighter . keith talent lvs , man . sonofabitch luncheon voucher . I know this place . it 's a fuck corner shop there 's no video . all they get here 's a load of fuckin pork pie ! keith unwrap a pork pie , eat it . they hear footstep from the owner 's apartment upstairs . keith talent what be that footstep ? thelonius joolery , man . she drip with joolery . thelonius duck upstairs . keith open the front door , crane he neck to read the store 's sign . keith talent n. poluck cornish dairy and confectioner . int . n. poluck bedroom - same with frightening speed , a gym shoe whip across the screen repeatedly . thelonius beat both mr . and mrs . poluck , thrashing they with a gym shoe . they be half hide under a heap of clothes . in a home that have no valuable in it - not ever . they face and body stick in a painful pose . keith walk into the room and turn to thelonius . keith talent you be a grave disappointment thelonius you be . none of the relaxed concentration you be always hope to see in a thief . keith stride up to thelonius , put a cigarette in he mouth , light it for he . keith tousle he hair , c.u. on he finger in he hair . e.c.u. follow the path of the dandruff fall from he head to he shoulder , where keith brushes it off onto a dark table surface . keith talent Hair dust everywhere . bingo . DNA innit . thelonius push keith away , resume whipping the poluck with a gym shoe . ext . store - next keith walk out with a carton of cigarettes under he arm . he walk past thelonius 's Mini car . ext . portobello road - next Sam walk with nicola along the crowded sidewalk . she hold he arm , smoking a cigarette , still wear the WWII nurse on a date look from earlier that night . samson young we have get keith now . it do not take keith 's brain much time to go over all of he financial possibility . ( she shoot he a look ) he have none . you be he only shot . and he 's lock into you - ( imitate keith ) nic-o-la-six . nicola six you have be do you homework on keith I see . samson young time for you to go home . she laugh . they be both exhilated . she face he as they rush faster . the background blurr . she stand out . he stand out . wind in they hair . in sync with each other they stop in front of nicola 's street . samson young let I know how it go with keith . nicola six of course darling . he take she cigarette out of she mouth and take a drag on it . it 's truly the two of they against the world . samson young you have he exactly where you want he . and you be on time - ten minute late . nicola look at Sam seductively . samson young go. she walk away towards she house , turn . nicola six be you sure you do not want to come and watch ? samson young I have get dinner at guy . I have get to write . there 's not much time leave . nicola six I know . time be run out . Sam upset , turn and walk away . int . nicola' apt sitting - room - next - that evening nicola and keith in the dark apartment . the phone ring . the answer machine pick up . o.s. we hear guy leave a message . nicola turn on the light guy clinch ( o.s. ) nicola , please , I can not just let you go - she run to the phone . pick up the receiver . the answer machine record it and amplify it loudly , so keith can hear . nicola six guy if it 's you ... please wait ... I apologize but I do not trust myself with you . keith cough . nicola kiss a forefinger to she lip - for silence . with fear in he eye keith nervously massage he dart finger . guy clinch ( o.s. ) there 's so much I have to , I want to say - nicola six please , guy , you must never contact I ever again . think of I sometimes . if you get news of my friend , well , perhaps a note . over the message machine speaker guy be audibly choke . he try to clear he throat . ext . clinch house - same the wind be so strong as a snow storm center around guy 's house . the house light be on . Zoom from the street up to the master bedroom on the second floor . int . guy clinch bedroom - same Zoom into the dark bedroom , a fire crackle in the fireplace across from the bed . Zoom into guy 's tragic face flicker on and off the fire 's light . sad. dejected . alone . guy clinch do not do this nicola . int . nicola' apartment - same nicola six I have to . this be goodbye . guy breathes into the speaker distraught . keith sit on she couch , flexe he hand , he knee shake visibly . they both listen to guy . guy clinch ( o.s. ) Goodbye . God bless . ( click ) finally , nicola hang up . the answer machine shut off . awkward silence . keith 's the first to talk . keith talent brush off innit . Jesus , there 's no money here . first the robbery with no luck . nicola six the robbery ? keith talent what be I ? I have my life in my hand . my life ? risking my dart finger . count on what ? this ? you ? nicola six I do not know . keith talent shame . so it do not work out . all over , be it ? nicola six to tell you the truth , keith , it be not over . in fact , it 's go stronger than ever now . I could hear real passion in he voice . for guy , the idea be the thing . guy 's a romantic , keith . keith talent yeah ? yeah , he do dress funny . int . guy clinch master bedroom - same poor guy , devastate , weak , gather himself , put on a facade of okayness , walk out of the room . walk down the hallway . down the stair . enter the kitchen . int . guy clinch kitchen dinner party - next from guy 's Pov as he near the full dinner table party . he see hope next to a very handsome man , dink heckler , South Africa 's # 1 tennis pro , dress in tennis white . lizzyboo , hope 's young blonde american sister from down South , sit opposite dink , next to samson Young . at the head of the table be guy 's empty chair . guy see he wife 's face close to dink 's flirt . all attention turn to guy as he frown at this . shuffle into he chair look like he 's be kill . int . nicola six's apartment sitting room - same keith talent guy say , he tell I he be " trace " someone . nicola six oh , that . that be just crap I want to get some money from he . it will come . it will not take very long at all . and really it 's quite a lot of money . you can have some of it in four day exactly . keith talent you be quite a little actress , be not you Nick ? nicola six nicola . oh , literally so , keith . you can always kill I if you do not get the money keith . ( keith give no response ) come and sit here . poor you . you be hungover . all that celebrate , I should think from you dart . now take off you coat . there 's something I want to show you to build you motivation . she press the remote control and she video play on tv . keith watch in a seizure of fascination , look back and forth between nicola and the girl inside the television . keith talent you be a fuck miracle . on video : her film debut in a cheesey movie thriller make year ago . nicola appear young , brood , lip-bit , then she scream . in a series of advert for sunglass , tanned and tousle and wide - mouth . then the finale : a pre-credit sequence of a feature film , a striptease in the back room of a gentleman 's club full of sweat young stockbroker . you see it all just before the end when she disappear in smoke and shadow . nicola turn the tv off with the remote control . keith jolt . keith talent that 's it ? nicola six I get kill later on . you do not see it . you just hear about it later . keith grab at the control . nicola playfully will not give it . keith talent gimme the control . I want to see it again . like freeze-frame it . nicola six no . once be all you get . keith talent Jesus , beautiful . nicola six you run into guy pretty often , do not you ? keith talent that 's right . if there 's any way I can be of service . because I be very anxious basically to see he money . nicola six good . next time . tell he this . tell he I be pale and draw . tell he that all I do now be sit by the window , sighing . tell he I finger a beautiful globe , and ruefully smile , and turn away . you know the sort of stuff . he 's a romantic , remember . so work on that . in you own style , keith , of course . in you own word . keith talent Jack Daniels . nicola six well then . be good . and come and see I again very soon . keith talent Old grandad . come on , Nick . you speed - okay . I respect that . I will exercise restraint . but give I something to help keep my mind off the vig . show I you care . nicola . I be in so much trouble , give I something good to think about . give I a taste . come on , doll . nicola six of course . keith close he eye . she give he a fantastic kiss . nicola six ( release a sound of pleasure ) umagh ... patience keith . you will find with I that when it rain , it pour . keith talent Jim beam . benedictine . yeah , cheer . they kiss again . keith can no longer wait . keith talent nicola ? Nick I be desperate . I be fuckin' desperate . I get to have it now . now . not soon . not next week . nicola smile . keith show she he index finger . keith talent or I just kiss goodbye to this . see ? I get to have it now . nicola six what ? keith talent the money ! she just miss the point totally . she have no idea . she think he be turn on by she and want sex from she . and that he could not wait for she . but keith do not want anything from she except money . the vig see to that . nicola six oh for Christ 's sake . keith talent you do not know the kind of pus I be deal with here . okay , call I a cunt , I take double money on the street . now I make the list and come Friday I get a kick and they break my fuck darting finger cut it off and all . ( he show he finger ) that 's how low they will stoop . see , it brook no delay . if that happen , I be out of it . I be history . I be a fuck dinosaur . nicola six ( tightening she necktie ) I will get the money soon actually . you be go to reach the final , keith . I know it . I would not be behind you otherwise . why do not you stop by . soon. she depart , look back on a desperate keith . int . returning to the clinch house kitchen dinner party - late that night guy sit , eat nothing , look dead . the twin screen of the close - circuit tv monitor , emit marmaduke 's raspy breathe worsen . dink and hope exchange a know look . snow fall outside . Sam look at guy awkwardly . hope clinch so how much more of this do we get ? guy clinch more of what ? hope clinch of the famish mute . you do not eat anything . and you look sad . be you depressed guy ? be you schizophrenic ? be that it ? no answer . hope and dink exchange a smile . lizzyboo ( slight southern accent ) maybe guy be just worried about the international situation . guy clinch it be serious . dink heckler but we be in good hand . lizzyboo the Prime Minister be confident . hope clinch the Prime Minister ? Sam cough into he napkin . o.s. on the monitor marmaduke 's raspy breathe worsen . guy clinch can not bear that noise . can not we turn he down a bit . hope clinch no . I be listen for the phlegm . Sam unscrew the cap off a bottle of pill . take two . swallow they . dink heckler hope , do you mind if I change somewhere here ? I be still in my tennis short and it 's go awfully cold outside . the snow appear to be stick . hope clinch Change upstairs . they leave together . Sam and lizzyboo grow uncomfortable as they hear o.s. hope giggle over muffle bit of dink flirt . follow by a suspicious sexually charge silence . then a race up the stair . lizzyboo I will do the dish . awkwardly , guy be leave there look incredibly happy . he talk to Sam . guy clinch my wife do not love I . my wife be upstairs betray I . how absolutely wonderful . well , that 's my bedtime then . ( he shake Sam 's hand ) pleasure Sam . samson young thanks for have I . be you go to be alright ? guy clinch absolutely fine . I think I will check on marmaduke . Sam watch guy walk away more break than he realize . guy walk down a hallway to the stair . down the stair . down a hallway . there 's a sense of be lose , in a maze , in guy 's life . int . marmaduke padd cell room - late that night c.u. on marmaduke in bed appear sweet and beguile . it 's a breakthrough moment . his first time be still . the room be all white , furnitureless , cover in three thickness of duvet , wall - to - wall , floor to ceiling , and ceiling . marmaduke 's bed be a chest high ledge . guy , step into the room , beam at marmaduke with fatherly love . c.u. from guy 's Pov as marmaduke go boff smash into center screen come in for a massive headbutt . now guy know what a reverse headbutt feel like . guy almost lose consciousness . blackness flicker . marmaduke fade in and out , fog over . tear fall from guy 's eye . marmaduke laugh . marmaduke reach out and touch he father 's tear . o.s. a knock on the door . lizzyboo show keith in and leave . keith sail in , hair flatten by the rain , tabloid under he arm , dart finger hold protectively . guy gain he bearing . keith talent audi . guy clinch howdy . keith talent saab turbo . fuel injection . listen . listen . I pop round there with some stuff and - nicola . between you and I , it do not look too shrewd . I mean , you see they mark on she wrist . try it once . might try it again . guy clinch no. Christ . keith talent say to I : " do not fix that . do not fix this . no point . what 's the point . no point . " all this . she 's really down . Plays with that little globe thing , with a mopey look in she eye . I be just worried she 's go to do herself a injury . guy clinch you think ? keith talent I think we know she 's show suicidal tendency . go 'round and see she . she think the world of you . she go for you . guy clinch really . how do you know ? keith talent it 's obvious , innit ? she 's be very good to I , she have . you know : a really nice lady . and if she ... I would never ... guy clinch yes of course . keith , I could not possibly ask you to watch the child for twenty minute , could I ? it 's my shift . everyone else be off . keith talent course you can . glad to . keith get down on he haunch , hand raise , snort and sniff - sparring with marmaduke . marmaduke look pleased with he new friend . guy clinch you be good , keith . keith talent yeah , cheer . guy leave , close the door on the padded chamber . keith push aside the tear page of the storybook , spread out for marmaduke some page of he Daily Paper , with naked girl and huge breast . keith talent I bet you will not tear up my paper . eh , marmaduke . see ? breast . innit ? keith light a cigarette . marmaduke take it out of he mouth . keith talent no. like this . he put the cigarette into marmaduke 's mouth and the child learn to puff . keith use the open mouth of a red , stuff animal snake , for a ashtray . e.c.u. on the ash burn the red fake fur of the snake . int . nicola' apartment - next e.c.u. on a small bottle of glycerine , nicola take the top off , dip a tiny brush in it . a glisten liquid cake the brush . she bring the brush to she eye and paint tear on she lower lash , and line of tear down she cheek . she run around happy , excited , a cigarette in she mouth , a drink in she hand . she position herself stand in a black velvet dress , she back to the door , as guy come in . she turn and face he with tear on she cheek , and a neckline revealing she cleavage . nicola six just a hour ago , I get the most wonderful news . enola be alive . and Little Boy . they be still in transit somewhere between kam Kai and goo lai . everything be completely clear . she reach for she lighter . he stare at she breast . nicola six I fly to burma tomorrow . guy take she wrist and make she sit down beside he . pat she hand . guy clinch but you can not ... in my view you be not allow yourself to see the truth of what be really happen in burma . I have speak to greenpeace , Red Cross , United Way worker , and it 's very dangerous over there . you can not imagine . it 's " the killing field " multiply by a thousand . she bite she lip . he touch she hair , she neck , she throat . guy clinch it 's unreliable . a real gamble . and a lot of money . nicola six oh I know . how much do you think ? guy clinch two hundred , no two hundred and fifty thousand . there be two of they . nicola six yes , that 's more or less the figure I have hear mention by my contact in ... tunisia . well my flat will go for almost that amount . and then there 's one 's jewelry and clothes . that fridge be nearly brand new . guy clinch surely , but you can not . nicola six it will not be enough . still . there be thing a woman can do . certain thing maybe I should do . guy clinch I will not hear of it . nicola six oh no . I see you scheme . guy , that would be completely out of the question . she put she hand on he thigh . hail tap on the skylight . nicola six my dear one . no no . you must not . I could not possibly let you lend I so much money . nicola lean into guy and kiss he . perfection . ext . king be road hospital - night the building be medieval . int . hospital hallway - same - night desperate , guy run and run down a maze of hallway try to find marmaduke . running scared . the final hallway be decorate with a Peter Pan theme , as be marmaduke 's room and the entire child 's wing . samson young ( v.o. ) oh God , I can just imagine what guy be think - nicola be the girl that kiss the man that ask the friend that smoke the fag to mind the kid that live in the house that hope build ... int . marmaduke's hospital room peter pan wing - same guy , in a surgical mask , enter the room . stop short . a still and silent marmaduke wear plastic cuff attach to he hospital bed . hope wear a surgical mask bedside . hope hug guy . hope clinch guy , with marmaduke 's asthma , now , he can not get air in and he can not get air out . c.u. on marmaduke as he remember he time spend under keith 's care . int . flashback marmaduke's padd cell room - evening from marmaduke 's Pov with smoke shoot out of he mouth and cover the frame . he see page of the daily paper . photo of breast , several large pair . his tiny fingertip outline the nipple . a cigarette in he little hand come into center frame , ash redden , follow by a solid stream of smoke exhale by the child . int . marmaduke hospital room peter pan wing - night hope clinch inch-high eczema have break out across he chest , and be head for he neck and face . hope weep . guy weep with she . together they , carefully , embrace the child . guy 's eye wide open . then he pat hope . leave the room . sadly , he close the door . int . hospital hallway - same guy step away from he son 's room . Sam join he . guy look guilty . Sam look very much the worse for wear . his illness be take over . samson young be marmaduke okay ? guy clinch yes . he will be . we hope . I have be remiss . I have make a error . I should not have leave home . it 's horrible . I , with nicola , I , I , better just wash my hand of the whole thing . it will be bearable . I will give she the money and that will be the end of it . we will not touch . it will not kill I . samson young can I help ? guy clinch no . thank you . it 's so good of you to come . you have be so kind . samson young I value we friendship . guy clinch it mean a lot to I samson . Sam look at guy . int . nicola' apt - day guy 's Pov - c.u. on nicola 's shoulder , veer off to a bookshelf , the carpet , guy 's own huge shoe , he briefcase snap open , the money inside four buff envelope . everything go perfectly normally or acceptably except that guy be find it impossible to meet she eye . guy 's Pov - guy 's hand place the envelope on the low coffee table . guy clinch I have spend the past two night in hospital . my son marmaduke be very ill , but he will be fine soon . nicola six ( o.s. ) will you do I the kindness of look at I when we be talk ? guy 's Pov veer recklessly into the orb of she face , close in on she chin and she lower lip , it swing back to he own leg crossing and uncross , then to a red wine glass come up to he lip . guy clinch it 's give I time for some serious think ... about we ... about hope . nicola six I be sorry to hear that you little boy 's be ill . but I must say I think it 's rather tactless of you to bring that up now . if not downright cruel . under the circumstance . guy look at she bare leg , tennis skirt , backless stretch top , girlish sock . they eye lock . guy clinch under the circumstance ? she look up at the skylight as sun pour down on she in a pious shaft of light . nicola six you want to go . I understand . before you go may I say something ? May I ... his Pov of she as he eye close . all turn to black . his Pov of she as he eye open . his attention land on nicola with she head rest on he knee . nicola six it 's sad , and ridiculous , but I make no apology , I suppose . I single you out for a purpose . you be to take I out of my life . take I to the other side . through love . through sexual love . but really my plan be deeper than that ... I want to bear you child . guy clinch but this be too much . I be speechless . I can not breathe , either ! I think it - guy jump up , look at the door . her bare back turn towards he , drench in sunlight she look ethereal , immortal . nicola six no. go. go at once . and take you money with you . guy clinch it 's yours . and good luck . nicola six I can not accept it . guy clinch why ? nicola six because it 's taint . in a flash , she throw something small at he , throw he completely off balance . she charge for he , money in hand . c.u. on she face , a inch away . c.u. on she hand , she wrist restrain in he hand now . he fall back onto a couch . nicola c.u. on top of he . guy clinch what do you throw at I ? nicola six a valium . he relax . remove a wisp of hair from between she lip . nicola six I only want , I hope to step with you into a world of physical love so that at least we could make a baby after a lot of practice . one baby from a perfect man . and then you could look in on you little daughter once a week . I would be content . nicola on top of guy 's obvious erection stretch the limit of he trousers . her elbow on the base of he erection . nicola six I be sorry . I be absolutely alright now . go to you son . do not worry . Goodbye , my love . oh , be go . he slide out from under she , correct himself . int . haw and curtis tailor ' fitting room - day Sam stand on a fitting platform in satin pyjamas , robe , velvet crest slipper , sleep cap . nicola be stretch out on a velvet ' 30 couch , long leg up , sip a cup of tea . she be dress in a conservative utilitarian look . samson young you know , I be think that I could use something to be bury in . I would like a open casket . flanke by two tailor in three - piece suit , he pretend to be dead . close he eye , lay he hand over he chest . he step down off the platform and look at himself in the mirror . samson young I look like guy clinch . nicola six have you a second choice ? next : angle on Sam in a tuxedo with tail , top hat , patent leather shoe , satin scarf , black coat , can , white glove . Sam approach she . the tailor listen in . nicola six if you be lie in a coffin , it may be overwhelmingly sad . in some way you look too beautiful . heartbreakingly beautiful . Sam be pleased with she response . watch she carefully . she sense he eye on she and blushes . samson young ( to tailor ) I will take it . ( to nicola ) I wish I know how much time I have leave . nicola six you have get enough . samson young just enough ? will I finish the novel ? nicola six yes . samson young thank you . it 's better to know . ext . keith talent council flat - next Sam in a black cab talk to nicola , he shopping bag beside she . the cab stop in front of keith 's council flat building . Sam open the cab window to direct nicola to keith 's building . samson young walk up the middle stairway , the elevator be always break . it 's the first flat on the right on the top floor . nicola six it 's time to wipe the money fear off keith 's face . and find out what would move he to murder . Sam look down at she stockinge leg . her garter just barely show as she bend over to get out of the cab . int . keith talent council flat the next day - noon keith 's doorbell rattles faultily . keith in a robe , brace himself and he dart finger for trouble , hide in the kitchen , loom large in the small space . baby Kim be asleep on the bed . kath be wander around pick up toy . keith talent check it kath . in the old day they kick off by threaten someone 's family . none of this about start in on a man 's darting finger . how about you , kath ? and Kim ? I can understand you get it . threaten my family would be the right thing to do . except , it be not any good if I happen to be with my family - like I be now , innit . kath get the door . keith 's front door croak open . kath talent ( o.s. ) yes ? female socialworker ( o.s. ) ( welsh accent ) good afternoon . I be you new social worker . my name 's enola . enola Gay . kath talent ( o.s. ) where 's Mrs. owen ? female socialworker ( o.s. ) ah , well , I be work in conjunction with she . we will liaise . keith talent ( to himself ) I will liaise you in a minute . keith move forward to the edge of the kitchen so that he can follow the conversation . he can see the back of the social worker 's brunette head . female social worker and be you husband at home at the moment or be it you who 's smoking all this cigarettes ? keith belch . the dog bark . keith drink a beer . smoke . kath talent he be , yes . he 's not be well . female social worker so it would appear . you be aware , no doubt , of the harm cause by passive smoking ? kath talent I smoke passively every day of my life and it never do I any harm . female social worker do not it ? I be afraid I might have to see about a hygiene order . kath talent hygiene ? listen . I mean we have not get what some have . we be just try , you know . keith talent ( o.s. ) you tell she , kath . kath talent I mean you come in here - keith talent speak you mind , girl . kath talent there 's nothing I would not do for my baby . nothing . female social worker except you have not get any money , have you . you just have not get enough money for the proper care . the dog come out of the kitchen . female social worker my God , the smoke . and I can not say I like the look of that dog . do you abuse you daughter , Mrs. talent ? kath talent oi! keith talent nobody talk like that about my dog or about my cigarettes . keith , cigarette in he mouth , beer in he hand , come out of the kitchen right up to the social worker , he look right at nicola six , dress for authority , hair pull back , white shirt , tie . keith blushes from shame and rage . keith talent hey . hey . you . fuck off out of it . kath talent proper care ? what kind of care do you get from a office ? and from someone like you , do you hobby or whatever it be you be do . get out . keith talent tell she kath . the baby wake up cry . kath lift she baby up . kath talent get out you evil witch . get out . you vicious thing . nicola speak directly at keith . nicola six well , as I say before , it 's nothing more or less than a question of money . nicola leave . kath talent vicious . purely vicious . keith talent they can not touch you , girl . you be who you be . do not ever forget it . you be who you be , girl . you be who you be . ext . keith talent council flat - same with she performance over , like any actress capture between stage and dress room , nicola appear lose . she walk down flight of step past non-schoolgoing schoolboys and schoolgirls . the wind lift the garbage and the dust up off the step . Sam walk up to nicola . he smile at she just barely . they consider talk and stop . they be mouth open and close . his tension build . he walk past she up the stair to keith 's . nicola watch he walk away from she . Sam approach keith 's close door and hear scream and cry inside the apartment . Sam look down the stair at nicola . int . keith' council flat golborne rd . - next kath run out of the flat in tear . keith chase she . Sam enter the sun-filled flat through its slightly open door . he pick up the angelic baby Kim from off the floor , lay she on the sofa . the low sun strike she face illuminate a bruise on she chin . he wrench off Kim 's diaper . White light shed on she diaper make it glow . kim ouch ! samson young ouch ? Kim . my God . so you can talk now , can you ? c.u. on the right buttock , a bruise round , dark , and grainy . c.u. on the leave buttock , three cigarette burn , in a triangle . Sam get up suddenly and bang into a lamp . he face the low sun directly . his Pov bleach out the world into a white shock of light as he rave man to God . samson young I will - I do not know what I will do . but I will protect you . I swear to God I will . please do not worry . please . my darling . int . nicola' apt - that night nicola stand at the table in the dark room , dark glass , black vulgar nightgown show she breast off , hair free , count large amount of money , stuff cash into a harrod 's bag .. keith talent you should not have fuck do it , Nick . nicola six once upon a time , you wife must have be lovely . how old be she ? and the little girl be divine . what do you say you dog be call ? keith talent you should not have fuck do it , Nick . nicola six keith , I understand . you do not want I to know , do you . - that you live like a pig . keith talent ( raise a fist ) that 's so ... that 's so out of order . nicola six yes , well , all be fair in love and war . do you want to kill I ? he do not get it . she pour two long glass of whiskey . she drink . nicola six have some of this . I take some of you money and spend it on new stocking and thing . I hope you do not mind . you do know why I be do this , do not you , keith ? you do know what this whole thing be really about ? keith talent what ? nicola six it 's you dart : listen . you home life , keith , be stifling you darting talent , and throw a shadow over you darting future . it 's a question of darting attitude - get you darting attitude right for the big one . I already know you will win you next two match . I see it . you will be in the final up against the world 's number one player . but get you to believe . that 's another thing . I see you , keith , as a young boy in the street with you face crush up against the glass . but it 's not a shop window . it 's a tv screen . tv stardom . keith . behind the screen be where you have get to get . that 's where all the other stuff be - all the stuff you want . let I take you there , keith . let I take you to the other side . keith talent yeaeaeah . then she use the remote to turn on a video . she slide a tissue box within he reach . nicola six I have make a little tape for you , keith , which in it 's curious way will help show you what I mean . nicola six you be clearly something of a connoisseur , of pornography . what 's you special taste ? be frank . I understand . as you know I - I be quite " non judgemental . " keith talent same as the next man . nicola six I see a addiction here . be keith a addict ? be it on all the time ? do you ever get enough ? do you want it on when you be asleep ? keith talent just nude bird . basically . obviously . nicola six ( laugh musically ) really , the englishman 's taste ! it 's so sweet . keith talent no danger . she turn the plasma monitor on . nicola on screen . videotape in she apartment . she stand in profile , all but naked except for a round plastic hat wear by police , which she have purchase from a toy shop . keith settles back in he chair . meanwhile , nicola toss handfuls of the money into a harrod 's shopping bag . c.u. on the screen as three young men dress as policeman walk towards she . keith talent here come the filth . slow it . snarl , he get the remote , press rewind . on screen nicola 's quarter - clad body dash backward , like a dream toy . keith freeze the frame of choice . keith talent that , that be the real thing . prestigious . keith press play . on screen nicola in black elbow - length glove , blow a kiss , beckon with she finger . she look soft and sexy . his face register she voice hypnotically . color light reflect onto he face . nicola six ( o.s. ) in the book they say , man want to put they face there . return to mother , keith . but I do not agree . I do not think man want to put they face there . c.u. on nicola 's face on the liquid crystal tv screen . nicola six ( cont 'd ) I think they want to put they cock there , keith . I think they want to fuck the tit . ooh , I bet they do . int . nicola' entranceway - later keith be all revve up , sex up . she give he the harrod 's bag fill with money , a leather bag contain some heavy steel tool . nicola look down at she own cleavage , which be burst . nicola six this ought to cover you problem with the vig. keith talent righteous . nic-ola . thanks . be it real ? nicola six spend it . you bet it 's real . keith talent right. sorry . thanks again . from the bottom of my heart . nicola six keith ? always bring the tool bag with you when you come to see I . it 's a prop . you prop . nicola six now spend the money . there 's lot more : it 's all guy . off you run . keith talent appreciate it . genuinely appreciate it . nicola six my pleasure . keith talent and , uh , loyal tape , nicola . quality . they ought to give you a oscar . nicola six I see . very good keith . clear you mind completely and concentrate on one thing . which be ? keith talent my dart . ton-forty . maximum . bull check -out . sincerity finish . keith fix he belt , stuff a tissue into he pants ' front pocket . c.u. on the tassle on he pants ' fly swinging . keith walk out and nicola close the door . keith walk downstairs . he recall the last bit of nicola 's tape . flashback to : int . - nicola' video tape - nicola' bedroom - as before at the end of nicola 's video tape as see off of the tv monitor . nicola be naked , under the sheet in she own bed , smoking a cigarette , speak into the camera . nicola six meanwhile , masturbate about I , keith . beat off over I . as a form of training . a lot . all that thing you want to do to girl and be too shy to . or they would not let you . do they to I . in you head . it will be wonderful for you dart . you will win . you will win . the video cut to black . superimpose : the end ext . nicola' townhouse - same keith walk out of nicola 's townhouse . he check he bag and squeeze the money in he hand . happy relieved , amaze , he walk into the onslaught of pour rain . his hair be instantly soak and he face drip river of rainwater . he look up to the sky . it pound out thunder . lightn . he walk forward . runs. run . run like a madman happy as a lunatic . ext . STREET off portobello road - same on portobello Road near the Black Cross , keith splashes about like a stage - drunk , dance like James cagney in " yankee doodle dandee " , in the rain swollen gutter beneath a street lamp . he 's laugh and cough . guy , soak , run through a wall of rain , and a racetrack of thunder . he stop when he see keith , soak , go crazy in the rain . guy clinch keith ? keith talent ... yo ! keith , with leather bag , sink against the lamp post . keith talent oh , mate , you tell I . what 's it all about , eh ? because I do not fuck get it . guy clinch what ? keith talent life . guy clinch I do not get it either . keith laugh at guy . guy look idiotic laugh too . a red jaguar turn the corner and halt urgently at the lamp . keith talent here come summer . the back door open . a voice from the darkness - voice get in the car , keith . keith talent cheer , lad . voice get in the fuck car , keith . guy straighten , bravely , prepare to defend keith with a right hook . keith talent it 's okay guy . no , it 's okay . only mess . keith stoops to get into the car as he call back to guy . keith talent we will have a drink . inna golgotha . I will - a hand pull keith into the backseat . none other than chick purchase the brutal person who have beat the asian man to death earlier on in keith 's violent crime day . chick wear brass knuckle punch keith in the stomach . keith talent ten mimff . oof ! int . acton' the marquis of edenderry - that night nicola and guy walk through the room towards keith 's table . a terrace interior cover in brothely red velvet , tinkling chandelier , eight dart board in a line , raise oche , mimic target , digitalize scoring . barmen in brace and pork chop side burn , barmaid in milkmaid outfit with wenchy cleavage , security men , stockade of crowd , and dtv camera with host tony do taunton . nicola and guy join keith 's table . guy seat nicola . then guy sit beside she next to Sam . keith adjust he position jerk with pain from a break rib . the trouble with keith tonight be that he be terrify . nicola observe keith . her mind be work faster than a silicon chip . surrounded by debbee kensit , analiese , petronella , iqbala , sutra and Sam . keith wear the cuban , toreador flare , black short sleeve shirt with silverscript : keith talent - the finisher , and bat-winged darting cape . Sam observe nicola intensely . samson young ( to guy ) keith , be not at he best . he 's terrify of lose . nicola do not answer , too busy study keith . guy clinch he certainly look ... ready for anything . nicola six ( to guy and samson ) do not he . I love the stingray outfit ... he look like the pied piper . guy clinch he look ... he look like marmaduke . nicola laugh . Sam look nicola over . she look like a million dollar - blonde mink coat , diamond earring , diamond on a gold chain around she neck , velvet suit V -neck and split in the back of the skirt , sheer stocking , court heel . keith talent I be like you fucky nefner ( Hugh hefner ) that 's who I be like . I have , I have never make no secret of my , my admiration of the , the female charm . look at this , miss debbee kensit . sixteen today . on you foot girl . debbee rise up in she tight black short , pink legging up she thigh , net T-shirt catch she breast . she smile halving she iq . Sam and nicola exchange a serious look . guy clinch I hope keith win . nicola six oh he will win . samson young ( to nicola ) nicola , you could have tell he why you believe this to be true - nicola ( look at Sam ) he will win . I feel it in my tit . keith talent here come summer . look what the fuckin' cat 's drag in . look what 's crawle out from under its fuckin ' stone . guy and nicola look up at trish shirt , a fade blonde ghost who stare at keith with numb yearn . trish shirt sit with they . keith talent trish like a pint of vodka , be it ? bucket of meph ? blimey . we will have kath in here in a minute . a security guard come for keith . keith check he breast pocket for he dart pouch . keith talent better be go to the dress - room . compose my thought . it 's not a dress room , not as such . the gent . they clear the lot of they out . to allow the two contestant to - to compose they thought . okay lady ! wish I luck ! the lady all wish he luck . keith nod farewell . guy clinch best of luck keith . keith go quickly into the gent . Sam watch nicola . she follow keith . nicola stand between the lady and gent , by the cigarette , condom , hairpiece , prostrate kit , - machine . a man in a frilly shirt scream from inside the gent . man ( o.s. ) all out . give we contender some peace before the match . this man leave the gent . nicola enter the gent . int . the gent room - same keith talent dab he face in the basin catch nicola 's eye in the mirror . she light a cigarette . in the white testosterone room a youth leave a stall , look at nicola , hesitates , and leave quickly . Three man remain - a haggard milkman bent over the urinal whinnying with pain as he piss , paul go , the japanese darting champion tend to he dart , and keith . nicola saunter up to Paul go , so close that he have to look up at she . nicola six do you speak English ? Paul go give a sudden nod . nicola six and where be you from ? Japan yes - but honshu , kyushu , shikoku ? paul go honshu . nicola six Tokyo , kyotu , nagoya , yokahama , nagasaki ? paul go utsonomiya . nicola six be with we long , have you Paul ? tell I . do you know what I mean by Hiroshima ? what about enola Gay ? Paul go shudder . c.u. on the black fluff on he upper lip . she turn to keith , she back to Paul . nicola six it 's funny , be not it darling ? people be always say that the japanese be different from we . from you and I . more different . more different than the black . more different than the Jew . more different , even , than that little creature over there . indicating the poor milkman . keith ready to agree . nicola six we should surely be able to address the matter in a liberal and inquire frame of mind , I mean , when all be say and do , just how different from we , spiritually , humanly , be this fuck monkey ? Paul go wait , then he smile . nicola six and now you be show that tooth that nobody understand . the man in the frilly shirt reappear . nicola click she heel across the white tile floor walk towards keith . samson young ( v.o. ) with eye of love , she give keith a kiss , and then carefully wipe he mouth with she tissue . nicola six keith , you shirt ! it must have get a little crease in the car ! she bend to straighten the rayon . she bend lower . keith talent ... on you knee , girl . c.u. on she stockinge knee meet the shine of the toilet floor . she wet she finger to collect fluff from he trousers . nicola six win , keith . dispose of the challenge of the - hibakusha . come to I tomorrow . I will have more money for you ... you be my god. Paul go move past they . the milkman set he course for the door . the man in the frilly shirt leave . keith stay and nod he head . she unzip he trousers . samson young ( v.o. ) so that be the necessary . int . the marquis of edenderry - just after the match the keith talent party be in full swing . the Champion - keith join the blur borne up on the crowd 's back , laugh like a god of mob . a god of blur . slow motion pan across the Black Cross crowd and nicola clap solemnly with great emotion . Sam be the most solemn . nicola turn to Sam . Sam stop clap and turn to she . samson young every time he win I keep think - the murder . you end . could really happen . the crowd deposit keith on the table top . keith talent and the fairy - tale continue . the young jap crap it . keith yawn . trish raise she head from the table and point she whole arm at nicola . Sam tense up . trish you ! it 's you ! ooh , I see you . in the gent . she be down on she fuckin ' knee in the gent ! for keith . she be down on she knee in the gent suck he - keith step masterfully forward and hit trish once on the cheekbone . he stand over she , she body unmove . int . keith' garage - later keith with he emptied bottle of porno , stare up at he dart board . tear of pride fall to he lap . keith talent another bockle ? already bit tiggly . that bull finish : right in the miggle . no diggling , but give deb a lickle cuggle . Quick piggle . the dart board look kaleidoscopic . keith talent Nick . ola . she do it . do it . do it ... he drunkenly open he dart notebook . c.u. next to - I beat Paul go. nicky say it . he write - get to stop hurt K. int . MARK asprey' kitchen - later that night Sam and nicola drink scotch . mahler be play over the sound system pipe into the kitchen . she sit on he kitchen counter dangle she leg , read the novel . nicola six a chapter of epic squalor . samson young yes . surprisingly dreadful . nicola six you know , when keith hit the madwoman , that be he idea of be gallant . to I . like lay he jacket over a puddle . samson young you stocking . the knee be both tear . she touch she leg . he watch closely . nicola six I know . I can not see the point in stocking when they be this sheer . samson young that - that be ... nicola six unforgiveable ? by the way , I have finally put my finger on what I can not bear about keith . samson young which be it ? nicola six he 's so work - class . he lift himself up onto another counter , put he boot on the top of the stove . turn serious , she pick the page up . drink more scotch before she speak . nicola six Sam , it 's a , it 's a good novel . it 's quite beautiful . samson young it 's get a long way to go . it 's hard because I feel like you want it to happen . nicola six and you do not ? samson young not very much . I would rather live if I be you . and , I would rather live to write about you . nicola six unfortunately , that 's never go to happen . be you in pain ? samson young yes . nicola six take something . samson young no . the mahler orchestra swell . Sam look frail . samson young keith will never be the same . and guy . oh , god. nicola six I know . samson young you be in so much trouble . nicola six not more than usual . samson young not yet ? she jump down from the counter and jack up she skirt , show thigh as she do so . she turn around to refill she drink . pull she skirt down over she bottom . she turn . walk towards he . Sam get angry . samson young I should not be here . there 's so little time - for I to finish the novel . nicola six I know . calm down . she look around the room . Sam be suffocating . samson young nothing you say be true . what if nothing happen ? nothing you say have happen . nicola six this happen . and I say it would . she open she plastic chanel shopping bag and show he . angle on the pile of money inside the bag . Sam cheer up . he look at she with great relief . samson young it 's all true ? nicola six yes . all of it . Sam look at she in awe . nicola six so you would better finish you novel soon . visibly , he switch gear , amp up . samson young you do not get it . I will finish my novel - grab he novel . samson young - base on you life , when - no , after - you life end . that be the end on the novel . and that be it . I will see you die in all you detail . and then I will go home , and write that end . exactly what I see . the truth live and nothing but the truth so help I God . amen . nicola look at he understanding how serious he 's take this . nicola six right . I understand . ext . marble arch - day in a crowded rat race intersection Sam walk up to a surveillance store . he look into the glass window of ' spy ' on marble arch . he enter the store . int . spys store - next Sam talk to a older man . Sam stop . touches the tv surveillance equipment . a hide camera , hide in the tv screen of a tv that 's turn off , record Sam on video tape . Sam look for the camera , bewilder . angle on two inch tv screen in Old man 's hand . c.u. on Sam stroking the tv screen . man we like to hide we camera in the tv set . there 's one in every room . still c.u. on the two inch screen , nicola join Sam . nicola six hello Sam . still c.u. on screen of the two of they as Sam explain himself . samson young I need to be able to see in . at all time . really . or else I can not write on the level that it have to be . there 's so little time leave . o.s. nicola look at he , run she hand along she fur coat unconsciously . samson young I feel like I can not catch up . I can not keep up . it 's all go on and I be not there . I be a unreliable writer . my mind be go . nicola six no problem . let 's buy it and bring it home . you will be fine . int . nicola be - next day angle on liquid crystal screen hang up in the live room , bedroom , extra bedroom . a tiny camera be load up with tape by sam. c.u. on the tiny camera . he close it . place it inside the tv screen . 100 % hide . he look at nicola . she stop what she 's do and stare into he eye . this will change she life and she know it . samson young I have to . I be miss too much . nicola six I know you do . they moment be suddenly halt when a computer installation man come into the room . this man install a hook - up to nicola 's computer . Sam and nicola watch the man connect it . samson young I can see it all now on my computer even when I be not over here . int . MARK asprey' office library another installation man turn on Sam 's computer monitor . angle on screen as Sam and nicola appear . freeze frame as the installation man leave the room . walk down the hallway . out of the house front door . flashback to : ext . NYC skyline pan am bldg - six month ago - day straight up Park Avenue angle on the tall skyscraper . angle on Dr. slizzard 's office . int . pan am build dr . slizard office NYC - same Sam be seat on the examine table as the doctor explain . Sam 's tan and highlight sun- bleach hair color , seersucker suit , a sporty , healthy version of himself . the floor to ceiling window of the room be block by a low hang cloud . the doctor give Sam a grey pill and a paper cup of water . Sam drink it down . dr . slizard Sam . in about six month the pain will come . call I and I will send you a different group of prescription , a special package . what you do with it be up to you . if it 's unbearable , you may want to - samson young I probably will . that be then . of course . I still have until then . dr . slizard but first you consciousness will change . you unconscious may become more prominent due to this disease in conjunction with the med you be on . and all of it will appear to be 100 % very real . you will not know . you will think you be awake . one thing 's for sure , once the dream come , the pain will not be far behind . int . MARK asprey' apt front door - next day a uniform motorcycle courier with helmet on , one piece biker leather suit , boot , wait for Sam to sign for he two package . Sam have a vodka in one hand sign . he tear open the fedex envelope and pull out a check . courier could you sign for the second package ? Sam hold the check up . talk to the courier . Signs for the second fedex package . samson young a check from my publisher . they love nicola 's murder . you have just deliver I the success I have always want . Sam open the second package . take out a medicine bottle . samson young and the end I never ask for . I suppose I should read the instruction . what if it 's the ' pill to end all pill ? ' c.u. on the black bottle mark with a skull and crossbone next to Dr. slizzard 's type out name and the date . the courier leave . Sam get a idea and rush off down the hallway to the office library . int . MARK asprey' office library - next c.u. on the lock desk drawer . Sam have a screwdriver point into the lock and a hammer raise . he break open the lock . it spring open . he shuffles through the drawer , photo . take out a bunch of wallet - size photograph . his eye widen . there be four photo of Mark asprey and nicola . the first be a shot too blurry to discern but it look like nicola kissing Mark asprey naked in bed . the second , a c.u. on nicola laugh without make up early in the morning . the third , be a shot of nicola pose in front of a Eastern buddha in a foreign temple . the fourth show the two of they together , he arm around nicola 's waist , catch in a paparazzi shot at a party cut out of tatler Magazine 's social column . Sam look at the second photograph in he hand of nicola , laugh . Sam 's mind on medication drift . flash CUT to : int . sam' Pov of second photograph - a year ago the photo come alive and nicola become animated . nicola be in Mark 's bed naked , laugh . Mark place a breakfast tray in front of she with burnt toast , egg , sausage . nicola six I will not eat this period . you have burnt everything . you be a miserable cook . MARK asprey I make it perfectly well . eat up . Mark lift up a fork , hold a burnt black sausage and try to get it into she mouth . she and he laugh happily , play with each other lasciviously . flash CUT back to : int . MARK asprey' office library - same as before Sam drop the photo 's on Mark asprey 's desk top . samson young do not want to go there . ext . nicola' rooftop - that night with liquor and notepad on big pillow spread out over rug , in candlelight , Sam crawl to nicola with the photo Mark asprey shot of nicola . he toss the photo onto she lap . she take it in she hand . look at it . the photo have a great effect on she , make she become fragile , soft . she roll over on she side and turn away from he . samson young what kind of camera do Mark asprey use ? one with a time delay ? or do you employ some sniggering third party ? nicola six time delay ... I suppose you never go in for any of that . samson young actually , no . nicola six ( she tear it up ) it be what he be like . and one will do thing for ... samson young yes . well you do say you be " stupid " for he . it 's over between you two be not it ? nicola six some thing be never over . samson young one thing I can not understand be you relationship with Mark asprey . be it a coincident that you drop off you diary 's in front of Mark asprey 's house ? be it all a obvious manipulation ? nicola six I guess that I could not think of a more appropriate place than in the trash bin in front of he house . I be give my life to he until you come along . samson young do not lie . nicola six it 's not a lie and you know it . Sam 's still not convinced . samson young and why be it over between you two ? nicola six he give no explanation . sometime 's you love more than they love . samson young so that 's why he will not be here for you ' horror day ' ? nicola six I will never see he again . when he return , I will be go . samson young ' til death do we part . nicola six and that 's in six day . she sing to Sam , on she back , bare leg up in the air , with a liquor gaze . in so many way this be the best of nicola six , better than anyone . angle on she leg dance in the air , toe touch the brightest star . she tap out a dance in the sky . Sam want she . nicola six " I go out walk , after midnight , in the moonlight , just like we use to do . I be always walk , after midnight . search for you . " Sam smile . she roll onto she belly face Sam . nicola six Love make the world go round . and the world be slow up . the world be not go round as fast as it use to . Love just do not make the world go round anymore . you see . Love be die , it 's slow down and it 's die . there be sign of it everywhere . samson young to work . ( take out he notepad ) can I have the photo back ? nicola hesitates . Sam want it seriously , tensely . samson young please . nicola give it to he . samson young let I have some more on this nature ramble you take guy on . this little love parody - they be among the worst thing you do . nicola six you only have to write they up . I have to go on they . I hate walk . I mean , where to ? it 's like be in a ad for love . int . flashback to wood NORTH of barnet - day against a garrish silence . leave carpet the wood in the low sun . nicola in green welly , patch blue jeans , knock guy 's hat off into a puddle , then run and hide . guy scamper after she . can not find she . find she as she finish write - I Love you - with a stick in phlegmy mud . int . nicola' rooftop - later samson young I still do not get it . the guy-torture . I be expect some cool twist . oh yeah . it 's about time I see one of that video . one of this ad for sex . nicola six there be not any . I do not keep they . I hate they . samson young how very disappoint . asprey 's snap be a little out of date . how be I mean to describe the delight of you body ? how can I write about a sack artist ? I be fuck . she reach for she top button , above the rooftop . she become Sam 's nude . they be both speechless . nicola six how do you feel about I ? the truth . samson young the truth ? you be a bad dream , baby . I keep think I be go to wake up and you will disappear . nicola six you do not mean that . this be more excitement than you have have you whole life . you know you want I ... before you die . you feel it . I feel it too . we both feel more alive on the eve of we death than we have ever feel before . nicola come towards Sam . nicola six I love you . samson young do not . nicola six please . samson young I can not . nicola six you must know that it have to happen . I will fix it . I will do it all . angle from above look down on nicola and Sam on the rooftop . samson young ( v.o. ) no . you will have to forgive I on this . I be not tell all . no gentleman worth he salt would reveal the detail of this great event . int . MARK asprey' office library - day rain pour down the window . wind whistle by . the pain-kit box open on Sam 's lap . his mind drift . on telephone . c.u. on bottle of pain medicine label : shoot , stab , Burning , split , throb , flash , dull , heavy , tiring , sicken , cruel , vicious , punish , killing . Sam lift a black bottle mark by a skull - and -crossbone . c.u. on the black bottle and the skull - and -crossbone . o.s. pipe be hiss , a big bang . samson young ( o.s. ) the single pill in the black bottle , with the modern skull - and -crossbone ... Dr. slizard - the bottle you just send - ext . new york CITY - dawn Long shot of the Pan be Building surround by all of Manhattan Island . dr . slizard when it come to the pain classification , we be back in the Middle Ages . that 's for when the live will envy the dead . that 's for the most painful condition of all . life , my friend . int . nicola' bedroom - same nicola sit alone on the bed sense Sam 's look at she . she look into the tv camera hide behind the tv screen . int . MARK asprey' office library - same Sam look over at he computer monitor . c.u. on nicola in she bedroom alone . o.s. she doorbell ring . she get up . walk out of the bedroom . c.u. on he bottle mark by a skull - and -crossbone in Sam 's hand . Sam contemplate take the suicide pill . int . nicola' bedroom - same nicola and guy in the live room . int . MARK asprey' office library - same Sam , look dishevel and ill , watch he computer monitor play live coverage of nicola and guy in the live room . Sam press a button and flashcut to she empty bedroom , and flash back to she live room . nicola and guy sit on the couch and play the game " nervous . " nicola 's shirt be take off , she flesh - color schoolgirl training bra stay on . int . nicola' live room - same nicola six it have not be a great success have it . we first love session . guy place a fist on he heart . guy clinch no , but ... in here . nicola sit stiffly beside guy . a small book be in she hand . nicola six I have a book for you . would you read it ? for I ? she give it to guy . guy clinch ( read cover ) " the light of many sun . " be it religious ? nicola six no . it 's just a beautiful story . it 's help I a lot with enola Gay . guy clinch I will read it right away . nicola six let 's try a little game - nervous . you put you hand on my body and let it descend until I say nervous . or I put my hand on you tummy and move it slowly downward . guy clinch until I say nervous ? guy 's hand start on she lip and move to she breast . nicola six nervous . no , go on ... not nervous . you can kiss they . guy dip he lip to she breast still cover in a bra . int . MARK asprey' office library - same disturb but still observant , Sam lean into the computer monitor to see better . nicola six Quick . let 's go to the bedroom . nicola and guy untangle and walk out of the room . int . MARK asprey' office library - same guy light a cigarette , still keep a eye on the tv . Sam program he computer . Sam blow he cigarette smoke onto the computer screen . on screen - in nicola 's bedroom , guy , naked , slide under the sheet of she bed . Sam watch guy , closely . int . nicola' bedroom - 12:20 pm guy , under the sheet , wait for nicola , he back to the camera . she run through the doorway and jump into bed wear she worst tight , and panty , and no bra . c.u. on a set of apartment key which she throw he . they fly through the air . he catch they in he hand . guy be pleased . she kiss he . nicola six I want you to have the key to my flat . there 's only one thing you will have to do first . guy clinch what 's that ?... leave my wife ? nicola six oh no . I do not want you to leave she . what kind of person do you think I be ? I do not want you to leave she . I just want you to tell she . int . MARK asprey' office library - same Sam be revolt . samson young no ! no ! but he can not do that ! int . nicola' bedroom - next nicola give he a full on kiss . guy take off she tight . off they come as she somehow remain modest . next she panty , plain and unfeminine , come off . her strange panty fly through the air . guy make love to she . c.u. on she face lie , act , believable . nicola six yes . my darling . how it hurt . oh , how it hurt ... under the sheet , unrestrained sex . samson young ( v.o. ) by 6:15 on the morning of the third day , technically before murder day , she 's get five toe on either shoulder , and she lip be all over he face . nicola six now. stop now . something 's wrong . you have to tell you parent . and you wife 's too , of course . she put on she strange panty in the morning light . guy clinch I have only get a father , and he 's in Ireland . and hope 's only get a mother , and she 's in a institution in norfolk . int . MARK asprey' office library - same samson young ( v.o. ) if I be guy and I know what I know now ; I would kill she . I would not even wait ' till she birthday . ext . nicola' apt . on the deadend STREET - 7:20 am Long shot - guy naked stand look out she window . guy Pov of street as a dust storm send dust and loose papers fly . nicola be not do yet . nicola six ( o.s. ) then go to norfolk . go to Ireland . go to you wife . tell they all , each of they in person . int . nicola' bedroom - same guy clinch I love you . nicola six darling , I believe you now . but for how long ? guy clinch forever I should think . int . MARK asprey' office library - same Sam replay a piece of the sex scene between nicola and guy on he computer . it bother he . Sam look up at the wall of the room and all the award and sashes , and statue , and ribbon , and robe . he pick up he computer and leave it in the hallway . returns to the room . he tear apart all of Mark asprey 's award , break and smashes , every shred of Mark asprey 's honors . ext . MARK asprey' office library - same - early morning in a repeat of the same shot from the beginning , when she leave she diary in the trash can . Sam look down on the square . nicola walk up to the bench outside Mark asprey 's house and sit . she look up at the window of the office / library . Sam look down on she . some bird fly past he window . she wait . he do not invite she up . she grow sad . leave . she walk down the street . she see the traffic in the street ahead . her eye fill up with tear . int . guy kitchen lansdowne crescent - the next night c.u. on lamb cutlet - date , stamp . guy , lizzyboo , and hope all together . guy babbles . guy clinch it must be true , all that . you know , about food and love . have you come across the idea ? when food get too far from love ... the preparation of food have to do with love . mother 's milk . and when food get too far from love ... there 's a breakdown , like a breakdown in communication . and we all get sick . the sister be listen . lizzyboo leave the room . guy clinch I have get something to say . it will sound more dramatic than it really be , I expect . I think you have get something to say too . samson young ( v.o. ) he be about to introduce the fact that hope have rather sordidly take a lover in dink . the tennis professional , South Africa 's number seven . guy clinch I mean , for quite a time it seem to I there 's be a need to ... redefine we ... all I be propose really be a adjustment . and I do think it 's important , very important , vital , really , to be as honest as one can be . and I do not see why we can not just work this out like two reasonable human being . there 's someone else . int . guy HOTEL room bayswater road - later that night Inside a average hotel room . guy with fat lip , swell eye , lateral gash across he forehead , clutches a plastic bag of undergarment , and shirt . he open the mini-bar c.u. on the mini-bottle guy 's finger take out all the scotch and all the vodka mini-bottle . guy turn to Sam and hand he some of the vodka bottle and one of the glass . they pour themselves a stiff drink . samson young be that all she say ? guy clinch yes . and then she hit I . several time . samson young I be so sorry guy . guy clinch do not be silly . it 's not you fault . it 's really kind of you to come and check on I . samson young I just want to see how you be . guy agonize visibly . Sam finish he drink . guy clinch I have try nicola but she 's not take my call . she expect I to speak to my family about we . it 's probably go to cause some problem ... already have actually . samson young if I be you I would do everything she say . if I have the chance to I would . guy clinch she 's such a sweet person . remarkable really . he look up with he black eye glisten . guy clinch I would do anything for she . ext . mental institution norfolk - night the enormous institution mansion with beautiful estate grounds . int . hope' mother' institution norfolk - same guy move through palatial parlour , wait room . int . mrs . broadener institution room - same Pan over a candlelit celtic lantern , a paper poppy , a photo of she husband , hope , lizzyboo , and even one of hope and marmaduke . Pan over to hope 's mother . guy take Mrs. broadener 's hand and sit beside she . guy mumble . guy clinch no everyone 's well and they send they love . I do think , when a family be really close , and everyone love one another ... his face cover in tear . guy clinch and they , no matter what , they protect each other . and it 's forever . and that even when a husband leave he wife ... and spend share something with another ... there be still we ... family . suddenly she speak in a old Southern accent . mrs . broadener it 's all - guy wait , attentively ... mrs . broadener - shit . Mrs. broadener 's nurse enter the room . she lift Mrs. broadener off the bed into a wheelchair . she wheel she out . guy clinch where be you take she ? nurse ? nurse tv room . guy follow they . int . hallway - same they join other crazy rich people drift down the hallway to the tv room . int . tv room - same a tv in front of some crazy people . the tv show a government conference room with the world press wait before a empty speaker 's podium . int . MARK asprey' live room november 4 th - night dress in pajama bottom , Sam watch tv with he painbox nearby . insert on tv . nuclear weapon sight . newscommentator o.s. the delegation leave simultaneously for Paris and Prague - happily the nuclear arm be on hold for now as peaceful negotiation resume . with yet another threaten deadline set for January 10th 2003 . all of we be thankful for what be best know now as the non-event - of November 4th , 2002 . Sam mute the tv . he lift a laptop onto he thigh and switch it on to try and find nicola . flash cut to nicola 's guest room empty , she live room empty , kitchen empty , bedroom where nicola be there , with keith . Sam hate see they together . Sam put the computer on the bed . take out he pen and paper pad and start to write with nicola and keith on the computer screen nearby . on screen : in nicola 's bedroom , keith look about with a inconvenience expression for the box of paper tissue . nicola look around the room and still can not find any . keith talent where be the tissue ? where be they ? eh ? he wear a open , white , terry robe . she wear a white chiffon baby doll number . a new dartboard hang on she wall . she turn , reach under she robe for she white lace panty . give the panty to keith . nicola six use this , we will put they on you head until you need they . you can watch through the leghole . might look comic on anyone but you , keith . she place the frilly gas mask on he head . keith recline onto nicola 's bed : a lengthy procedure . nicola plump he pillow , pull off he boot , hand he a lager in a pewter tankard engrave " keith - the finisher . " keith talent yeah cheer . nicola six now , what 's this about ? keith talent the integrity of the dart . keith click on the tv monitor with she remote to watch a video . keith look through the two leg hole in nicola 's lace panty . int . nicola' bedroom - same from keith 's Pov through the hole in nicola 's panty , he see nicola in a porno on screen in black cape , thigh boot , and witch 's pointy hat . as she swirl keith can see she leg , hip , haunch . nicola walk over to keith , take the remote control . she turn the video off and turn on the keith talent biodocumentary on Channel 4 . nicola join keith and perches on keith 's knee . nicola watch the keith talent biodocumentary on television . keith drink from he pewter tankard in a state of ecstasy . samson young ( v.o. ) on the morning of the international nuclear weapon treaty confrontation deadline , when the whole world be sit at home watch all the president and Prime minister negotiate on and on over the nuke issue on tv ; nicola and keith ? they be watch themselves on tv . nicola never give the nuke negotiation much of she attention . that be , not today . November 4th , the day before she murder . and as for keith - he 's off dream . watch himself on tv be as close to heaven as he be ever go to get . angle on tv . keith on a intercom at nicola 's desk . nicola approach keith in T-shirt , jeans , dark glass with sheet of papers which she set before keith . he nod he approval and sign some papers . tony do taunton ( o.s. ) go-gett keith talent be a upcoming merchandiser operate out of London 's West kensington . the call come ringing in from munich and LA . continue the program - the commentator speak into camera . tony do taunton win be what it 's all about be keith 's byword . never far from keith 's side be he trusty girl Friday nicky with a help hand . continue the program inside the Marquis of edenderry . keith face the camera . keith talent I be basically the sort of guy who like to relax with a few drink with the guy . here . with the best f- ( bleep ) with the best f- ( bleep ) with the best support of any pub in London . some question my power . but come Friday I intend to silence the critic . nicola join keith in a little wrestle . continue the program in the carpark . nicola and keith walk hand in hand . tony do taunton ( o.s. ) a bachelor , keith talent and nicky have as yet no plan to wed . but one thing be certain . keith talent be go a long , long way . continue the program with a c.u. on chick purchase . back to nicola 's as keith switch the tv off . nicola six ooh , be that chick purchase ? keith talent you never play the man . play the dart . keith get up and shoot off a dart or two into the board . keith talent we come to blow over this bird , chick 's sister . Charlotte purchase . she tell he I rape she . forced m'self on she like . she should not ' ave say that . she could have be get it from I twice , three time a week . nicola six her loss really . keith talent she get angry wit ' I cause of my other bird on the side like . kath be one of them . ext . flashback at golgatha pub - year ago - day chick purchase , the terrifying bully ( from the vig 's jaguar beat and the asian woman beat before that ) pistol - whip keith to a pulp in broad daylight . keith talent ( v.o. ) get I put up in hospital , as such . samson young ( v.o. ) well there be no come back from that one . chick hate keith . and keith could have love the guy . kath talent come run up to keith groan on the ground . int . nicola' bedroom - night - same as before keith talent and now tomorrow night he and I have a rendezvous to sort out who 's number one once and for all . nicola turn away from keith , grin like Lady macbeth . samson young ( v.o. ) assume that there would be a fight at the dart 's match , nicola really look forward to that as a nice bit of entertainment before she murder tomorrow night . on the eve of the big night it feel like she 's get a long way to go before she get what she want . int . MARK asprey' live room - same Sam write on a pad . the computer screen sit on the coffee table turn on to nicola in the dark of she bedroom with keith . Sam take another look at the screen and shudder with a wave of illness rack he body and pain from see nicola with keith . he be so upset he smashes he computer so that he do not have to see anymore . his write pad fall off the couch . he 's now out of contact with nicola . miserable and desperate , he dial the phone . samson young ... oh god. int . nicola' bedroom - next in extreme long shot keith naked upon nicola 's body , he knee on she shoulder , silhouette . they be a million mile away upon a black reflective surface . nicola six now . stop now . keith talent okay ... shut you eye and open you mouth . the phone ring . nicola pick up the phone next to she . nicola six hello ? darling ? I be just think about you . and have a rather blind weep . int . MARK asprey' live room - same Sam hang up the phone . superimpose over black the heading : horror day november 5 , 2001 int . MARK asprey' apartment november 5 horror day - 6:30 am Sam let nicola into the apartment . she look beat , ghostly . they hug . both of they hold on to each other with fierce intensity . outside the sky be a beautiful violet fill the apartment window with color from the sunrise . nicola six be not you go to wish I happy birthday ? he shake he head no . int . MARK asprey' shower - next nicola shower keep one hand dry , hold a light cigarette . drown herself in the spray . she suck on the cigarette . recalling more detail . Sam be seat on the close toilet seat watch she , make note . the texture shower glass conceal nicola in a scramble image . he strain to see she naked form . she be all smoke and screen . in the shower nicola stand in a corner away from the water spray speak trancelike . she be mute . samson young ( v.o. ) she start to tell I about it : the night of hate . her last night with keith . int . flashback nicola' bedroom - the night before keith fail at sex with nicola . c.u. on a super fast - pace montage of all the porno run rampant in keith 's mind , include one of nicola six , black girl , asian girl , twins , triplet , dwarf , everything with everyone . he 's on edge as he turn to nicola . keith talent pressure of dart . tomorrow 's the big one . nicola six you be not to reproach yourself , keith . it happen to everyone . every now and again . you be a very sensitive man keith . she reach over and bring a enormous Middle Eastern hookah water pipe onto the bed . she light it and exhales smoke . nicola six try some of this hashish . it may interest you to know , keith , that the word " assassin " come from hashish . assassin - killer . they use to give the man a good blast of this before they go out to perform they murder . have some . he smoke the exotic drug . samson young ( v.o. ) everything keith have ever do to womankind he have do again ten time last night , with she . int . MARK asprey' bathroom horror day - morning the room 's fogge . nicola turn the water off , exit the shower stall , gather a towel around she hip , another towel around she hair , moist cigarette in she mouth . Sam look at she with appreciation . samson young my better judgement tell I it 's guy who 's go to murder you . I think that 's the twist I should be careful of tonight , at the end . nicola six you think he 's the murderer . you think it 's go to be he . you love he , do not you ? samson young he say I be he best friend . I want you to know I be go to miss you when you go . she just look at Sam , smile like she know something he do not know . nicola six do not tell I you do not believe in the after life . life after death . then she walk out into the bedroom . int . MARK asprey' mirrore master bedroom - next dress in a white skin tight minidress and extremely tall white heel , nicola do she hair tousle with glitter . she stand back , reflect and re-reflected in ma 's hall of mirror . samson young my God , you will not get fifty yard in that outfit . it 's grotesque . nicola six you look terrible . be not there any pill you can take ? ( no answer ) he struggle to say something . the phone ring . they both look at the phone before finally , Sam answer the call . samson young yes . kath talent ( o.s. ) ( sobbing ) saaam .... ugh ugh . samson young kath . what happen ? where be you ? ( long silence ) where 's the baby ? kath talent ( o.s. ) somewhere else . the baby - go and get the baby . I be a wick woman Sam . samson young you ... no you be not . kath talent ( o.s. ) then what be it ? tell I what it be . samson young it 's just the situation . kath hang up . Sam panic . nicola six what 's happen to the child ? samson young let 's stop it . I be lose it . everywhere there be thing I be not see . how could I get it so wrong ? that bruise . nicola six kath take keith 's shit out on the baby . samson young kath can not stop . they look at each other , know that they have lose valuable time alone together . nicola six this be really happen . Sam walk out of the master bedroom as he image multiply with each cut in the mirrore bedroom wall . nicola watch he leave . her Pov as Sam take he last step before disappear out of sight . his last reflection leave the last of the cut mirror . int . guy HOTEL room bayswater november 5 - horror day guy read " the Light of many sun , " drink claret , with the tv on exhibit the solar eclipse live . samson young ( v.o. ) the book nicola six give guy be write by Group Captain Leonard cheshire , VC , om , dso , dfc . the author be one of the two british observer of the atom-bombing of Hiroshima . tv journalist ( o.s. ) I would recommend that you all admire the ' diamond ring ' effect of the ' third contact . ' guy look outside at the eclipse as the moon 's shape fully cover the sun , the solar corona be surround by unforgettable fire . beautiful , other worldly . guy clinch yes , yes , yes - like a heavenly engagement ring for nicola . with deep emotion , guy return to he book . c.u. on the word on the leave of the page be the name - enola Gay . c.u. further down the page on the name - Little Boy . guy read it out loud from the page . guy clinch ( v.o. ) ' enola Gay ' be the plane that fly the mission to Hiroshima . the pilot name the aircraft after he mother . he be once she little boy . he decide to name the atom bomb ' Little Boy ' , in memory of he mother . it kill 50,000 people in 120 second . guy reach for the trash can , rush it to he mouth , and vomit . the book fall to the floor . he fall to he knee . guy clinch no . oh god , no . no. int . keith' council flat november 5 - next Sam also on he knee , pick up a cry baby Kim , abandon on the floor . keith 's dog growl at Sam . angle on a box of match and a cigarette on the table top . he dress the baby and leave with she in he arm . ext . golborne road november 5 - eclipse - sunset Sam carry baby Kim press to he shoulder , she eye look back at the Council estate , the chaos of guy fawk ' Day , bonfire , explode firecracker , cherry bomb , revellers , bum , hell raiser , and a small boy with tatter guy fawk effigy begging . boy penny for the guy ? Sam turn the baby round and together they look up into the eclipse . the ' diamond ring ' effect light up they eye . ext . guy clinch house lansdowne crescent NOV . 5 - sunset at the basement door , Sam give lizzyboo the baby . the eclipse sparkles blindingly overhead . int . nicola' apt NOV . 5 - next guy unlock she door . he rush from livingroom to bedroom , search hopelessly . guy see the pewter tankard engrave to keith , the ruin of the use bed , the upend ashtray on the pillow , ash and butt on the sheet , exotic underwear scattered on the floor , empty brandy bottle , the hookah pipe , and keith 's brocade trousers laid out on a chair with he shirt label - keith talent - the finisher . angle on a envelope mark ' guy ' set on the bed 's end table . her apartment key fall out of guy 's tremble hand onto the table . guy open the envelope . c.u. on a dart ticket and a note : ' go to the dart ' o.s. the telephone ring . guy pick it up . wait listen . keith talent ( o.s. ) where the fuck a you be ? guy clinch ... guy here . keith talent ( o.s. ) ...oh , hello , mate . she there be she ? guy clinch no , she 's not here . keith talent ( o.s. ) know when she be back ? guy clinch no , I do not know . keith talent ( o.s. ) minge . never around when you want they . always there when you do not . okay . see you later , then , pal . yeah well she say you would want to be there . as my virtual sponsor . helping with the funding like . guy clinch no doubt . keith talent onna dart . cheer . ext . guy house lansdowne crescent NOV . 5 - sunset guy enter the house cautiously . the eclipse sun above the house more diamond - like than ever . int . guy home - sunset guy go up the stair and turn towards hope 's room . a calm marmaduke , in full armour medieval costume , stand in the eerily quiet hallway . the light of the eclipse twinkle on he armour . hope clinch ( o.s. ) who be it ? darling ? marmaduke a man . hope clinch ( o.s. ) what man ? marmaduke ... daddy . marmaduke step aside and guy enter hope 's bedroom . int . hope' bedroom - same hope be seat on top of the make - up bed . guy sit on the other side of the bed . guy clinch where be everyone ? hope clinch all go . there 's no need . he 's different now . guy clinch what happen ? hope clinch it be quite sudden . the day after . guy clinch after I leave . marmaduke enter , undress , lay down sword , dagger , pike , shield , breastplate , and gauntlet . guy clinch and you ? her face express the great undertake it would be , if he be ever to return to she . guy turn away and stare at marmaduke . marmaduke take off he shin-guards , chainmail slipper , tight , underpant , climb into bed . marmaduke mummy ? hope clinch yes , darling ? marmaduke mummy ? do not love daddy ... bye - bye , daddy . he look from he son to he wife . guy 's heart break . he almost double over . he look outside at the eclipse . int . television dart competition studio NOV . 5 - sunset crew member move about the fake dart pub set . a sign say : no smoking . keith and tony de taunton look out the window , strain to see some of the eclipse . keith talent where 's the pub then ? the venue . the chuck sparrow . tony do taunton we use cut -away and dub the pub later . right . chick 's here . keith look down on the carpark below . chick purchase enter the building dress like a girl in a shirt with a flounce , tight orange trousers , look sinisterly ridiculous . julian neat climb out of a cream roll -royce . keith talent who 's that with he ? tony do taunton Julian neat ; agent to the darting star . nicola come through the soundstage door , make a entrance with chick purchase . nicola hurry forward to keith . nicola six what happen ? do you lose you key ? I see you dart clothes be still on the chair . keith talent where you be , girl ? nicola six ( flatten up against he ) I will tell you about it later . make arrangement . for we , keith . tony do taunton break it up , you two . come and be friendly . they join the other at the semi-circular bar . chick clock nicola as she hold keith 's hand . he look she up and down , chick 's a slobberer for skirt . ext . dart tv studio - same guy reach the studio door where a woman lurk around . her face be hide by the hood of she long , grey coat . hooded girl they be in there . guy move closer . recognize trish under the hood . trish shirt keith . and ... nicky . now they get marry like . guy clinch I hardly think so . she lean forward place a hand on he arm . trish shirt they be . it be on the telly . say I be wait . tell keith forever in a day like . I will always be wait . int . dart studio lot - next guy 's Pov as he see someone who be nicola but look different from she . nicola be seat on a stool at the bar surround by man . she laugh with she mouth as long and as wide as it go , as she struggle with the hem of she dress , twist position on the stool . all the men' eye on she . samson young ( v.o. ) guy could see a girl in the group round the bar , she look a lot like nicola . but she be somebody guy do not know . she be even less human than that thing in the hood outside . keith talent the past be past . let 's forget any unpleasantness and shake on it . Fair enough , mate ? chick purchase okay . tell I something , keith . what 's a girl like this do with a little coon like you ? keith talent ( to nicola ) see ? nicola six I think that 's very unfair , chick . keith 's very good at dart . tony do taunton okay , you lot . pre-match interview . nicola see guy and smile , wave to he like a puppet . guy cross the room . you can see he 's still get some hope leave . samson young ( v.o. ) his hope gather in he that she would become the woman he know ; but she just go on get stranger . Stranger smile , and stranger eye . guy clinch hello . tony do taunton silence . oi! nicola pout a kiss at guy and press a finger to she lip . keith talent ( into camera ) so , let 's hope the bloke , the guy with the , superior technique will , will run out winner against , against the man with the ... least equipment . dartwise . at the death . nicola applaud silently , she palm stop in a prayer . chick purchase I be confident , tony . get to be , with that average . and - see , keith and I go back a bit . and I know he 's get this funny habit . of bottle it . at the death . frankly , I just hope it 's not too one -side . for dart 's sake . tony do taunton thanks , lad . five minute , yeah ? nicola wiggle a finger for guy to move closer . nicola six darling , do not worry - this be only a dream . samson young ( v.o. ) keith 's heart jolt when he see Kim twemlow , the ex-world number one . he be like a god to keith . slow motion sequence : keith 's eye open , see Kim twemlow . keith close he eye , - turn to blackness - keith 's Pov see guy near nicola . close he eye , - turn to blackness - , keith open he eye see chick purchase next to nicola who laugh widely . guy clinch you be go back with I . all the attention shift fast in one swish pan to guy . guy clinch you be go back with I . nicola act shocked . guy seize she wrist , she shriek , she stool slip . keith talent it 's over . do not be a prick . guy clinch you be go back with I . nicola six no I be not . what for ? to talk about love , and enola Gay ? no I be not . I be not go back with you . keith talent right . she 's go back with I . for more of what she get last night . she 's go back with I . nicola six no I be not . no way . innit . I be not go back with you . she look at each of the man . they all wait . guy , keith , chick , Kim , tony . nicola six I be go back with he . she place she hand on the crotch of chick purchase . guy leave . keith see guy walk away . keith turn back to nicola , he 's glue to the spot burn mad . the dart competition - next keith stand at the oche , weak as a kitten , lose . he throw a dart o.s. keith 's heart beat weakly . slow motion e.c.u. tracking the dart towards the board like a missile , it appear to be head for the bull 's eye . o.s. keith inhale . the dart hit the steel line around the bull 's eye . e.c.u. the tip ' ping ' against the metal . the dart be repell from the board and be flung onto the ground . o.s. keith 's heart skip a beat . swish pan from the fall dart to nicola laugh with Kim twemlow . chick purchase unceremoniously throw a dart . o.s. keith cough against he weak heartbeat . slow motion follow the dart ' till it land in the bull 's - eye . the scoreboard light up triple 20' . keith sweat and pale concentrate , throw he dart . slow motion fly with the dart as it head for double 19 's and yet land with a thump on 3. o.s. keith inhale deeply long and hard . o.s. his heart be racing . he pull a beer up to he mouth and inhale the pint . swish pan to nicola throw a kiss with tongue to chick purchase . o.s. keith 's heartbeat quicken . chick throw , score another slow -motion bull 's - eye . chick win . he wave into the camera victorious . swish pan to slow -motion nicola jump up , breast bounce magnificently . o.s. keith 's heartbeat stop . his breathe stop . silence . CUT to black int . dart soundstage november 5 after the match - later a camera light shine into center frame create a similar effect to the eclipse - a symphony of flare , ring , and horizontal bar of glaring light . opposite angle on keith talent burn away in camera light , red pupil , like a bunny catch in the light . keith talent tonight 's be a valuable experience for I . because how 's you dart go to mature , malcolm , if you do not learn ? a light behind keith switch on , flare like a corolla form ring around he . nicola appear behind keith , visible only in a vortex of unlit space . from keith 's Pov angle on a barely visible , bleach out , tony de taunton , it 's hard to adjust to this light . tony do taunton that 's the right attitude keith . from keith 's Pov , keith be blind ; except for see this magical flare , and hypnotic sphere he see , look directly into the camera light . keith talent because she 's dead . believe it . you know what she be , tony ? she 's a fuckin ' organ donor . do that and live ? no danger . she 's history , mate . you hearing I ? the crew turn the camera light out . keith 's eye well up with tear . keith 's Pov blurry , struggle with he blindness from the light . chick purchase appear behind tony . it 's black and white except for flare of color . chick purchase anything you say keith . chick purchase step forward . chick pick up a light and hit keith up along the side of he head . keith have trouble stand . suddenly all the light go out - power failure . the tv crew squeal , switch switch on and off . chick hit he again with the light . suddenly all the light go on , include the light in chick 's hand . chick attack keith . the light drop onto the ground , spin on the floor . keith be knock out cold . nicola know it 's time to walk away . she take one look back at keith . angle on keith badly beat - he eye open . his distort Pov - he see she . CUT to black . the light go back on . nicola know it 's time to walk away . take one look back . panic . keith be go . she walk away quickly . ext . carpark november 5 , 2001 - night guy 's tear- stain face wait in the driver 's seat of one of he large black car , the exact one in nicola 's premonition . he sit next to a tire iron . in the rearview mirror , guy see a black cab pull up and halt . Sam step out of the cab , walk up to guy 's black car . Sam lean into the window . samson young get out of the car guy . guy clinch look what she 's do to I . samson young we be all cry now , from here on in . int . dart studio stairway - night nicola walk downstairs towards she fate . at the bottom of the stair , she hesitates at the door . she open the door to the outside . guy and she exchange a look . she blow he a kiss , make you think she do not think anything of he . she look around , search , disappointed that the black car be not there and that no one be there yet . she step outside . to she right guy 's black car turn on he headlight flooding she . she be all but white out as she walk into the car light . male voice ( o.s. ) get in . he repeat the line . male voice ( o.s. ) get in . nicola 's Pov of tire iron on he lap . male voice ( o.s. ) get in . nicola lean forward and look into samson 's face . nicola six ( with intense recognition ) you . it always have to be you . samson young get in . nicola get into the car , sit down . Sam start to drive away slowly . int . black car - NOV . 5 - night nicola can see chick over Sam 's shoulder stare at she from the doorway of the studio . she focus on Sam . nicola six I be so cold . I be so cold . please . it 's all right to do it ... it 's all right . this be the way I want it to be . this be the way it should be . ext . black car - horror night - same the large black car drive away . Dead serious . int . MARK asprey' bedroom - morning Sam lay in bed , drink down the black pill mark by the skull and crossbone . his novel ' London field ' be beside he with a letter address to Mark asprey . time lapse . Sam 's body move . daylight arrive . Sam have pass away . o.s. bird chirp . Mark asprey in travel attire , put down he briefcase , see Sam 's blue white dead body . walk to the bed . Studies Sam 's face . he realize Sam be dead . close Sam 's eye . reaches over , lift up the novel and the letter . c.u. on the letter . NOV . 5 , 2002 samson young ( v.o. ) dear ma , I apologize for the mess - the confusion , the violation , the unwanted fingerprint , the blood . you might care to look at the novel I leave on the table , and the dead body in the car . p.s. thank you for introduce I to nicola six . do you plan all of this ? Mark asprey lift the manuscript up and read the title page . c.u. on the page which read : London field 's by samson Young . ext . flashback aerial shot of MARK asprey' rooftop - night as see from above , from up high , we see Sam and nicola naked , wrap in each other 's arm . slowly , we go further and further away into the sky . o.s. nicola laugh . she sing she song lay on she back on the rooftop , she leg dance in the air . angle on she toe touch the star of the constellation , tapping out a dance in the sky . nicola six ( o.s. ) I go out walk , after midnight , out in the moonlight , just like we use to do . I be always walk , after midnight , search for you . samson young ( v.o. ) the night I spend make love with nicola be the happiest I have ever be on Earth . when you meet you match , it be as if nothing else matter in this world . if anyone tell you differently , they be lie . the end ext . fantasy pool porno in L.A. - day c.u. on the top of keith 's head diving through the pool water into center screen . keith surface above water . samson young ( v.o. ) in the day after meeting nicola six , she image begin to work on keith 's mind . it work like television . keith lift himself out of the pool , expose he black g string swimsuit . he lay down drip on a deck chair . samson young ( v.o. ) he think of she often . although frankly , many of this thought be pornographic . nicola mix a drink at a wetbar . keith talent ( v.o. ) but class porn , you know - not like the rubbish you normally get . keith look over at nicola as she walk past in bikini and high heel , bring he a drink and gently tousle he hair . with he bare hand he tear apart each thin strip of she bikini off the top of she thigh , snap she bikini bottom off into he hand . keith talent ( v.o. ) L.A. innit . ext . cost check liquor store ladbroke grove - dart night - later keith take clive along the road , the windstorm in he eye . a rather theatrical , tall woman , with full breast , the thick calve that keith like , approach while clive piss . analiese furnish be you television 's Rick purist ? Rick purist , of tv quiz-show fame ? he look at she heaving chest go up and down . keith talent ( slurr ) yeah , I be indeed television 's Rick purist . int . west hampstead bedsit - later analiese in bed , keith leadenly climb back into he trousers . one look back , then he go . int . debbee kensit be flat - dart night - later upon a small bed , in a small room , keith separate from the extremely young , dark - black -skin , plump legge , thick calve debbee kensit . they be surround by painting on the wall of cinderella and snow White . keith talent tell you mum . no , forget it . do not tell you mum . the wind blow a tree against she window . samson young ( v.o. ) how do you account for keith 's way with woman , such as it be ? what be keith 's talent ? on the other hand , how much of a knack be it ? one be drunk , one be nut , and one may have be fifteen . a real Lady killer . int . mini - next keith spread he hand out in front on the dashboard . samson young ( v.o. ) it do not take keith 's brain much time to go over all the financial possibility he can call on for help . because he have none . only one strange long shot - which he lock into . nicola six . traffic light shed color over he hand , red , yellow and now green . nicola six ( v.o. ) why should he have all the money ? ext . middle eastern desert - day huge mountain of sand stand up to desert wind . a prayer chant echoe over the surreal landscape . off in the distance like a mirage be a palace . fast motion sequence : guy enter London 's oldest bank in the city financial district where there be men in bowler hat and building with marble column . guy walk with a banker in bowler hat and tail to the vault downstairs . the carpete and the silver wallpaper in the vault be make in the ' 60 . guy and he banker unlock a box . guy open the box alone in a small purple velvet room . Inside the box be full of money neatly label in 10,000 pound plastic packet . he count out twenty - five packet , load they into envelope . end fast motion sequence . keith talent I get the money . let I give it 'ya . ugh. take it ! ' Ave a look . I be good for it ... Ashley grab the bag from keith , open it . ashley royale look sweet . calm down chick . ' E 's do alright . true blue 'e be . samson young when do you become such a expert on sex ? nicola six when I be fifteen and a half . ext . nicola' deadend STREET - late that night keith wait in he chevy cavalier , double - park illegally , look up at she darken flat . still dress in the dart outfit , tear roll down he face , he sniff , cough . he turn to he dog . bare he soul . keith talent all that money on the table like , like tv as such . Magic . a whole new life now . she 's the only one that understand my dart . and then that video . that 's profoundly move . that girl be a sort of sex genius as such . make the hair stand on the back of my neck . e.c.u. on hair rise up on he neck . his finger flatten the hair . keith punch the steering wheel . in a series of jump cut - grimly he finger the faulty vacuum cleaner . the tube of the Hoover become a madden python in he grasp . he peer into the block waste disposer , it shoot glop into he face . manhandle the hingeless irone board , like the man in the deck - chair joke . except worse because keith be also mindful of protect he dart finger . keith talent I have high hope of the relationship with this posh skirt miranda ; a car , maybe , a cash gift - or at least a loan . and - okay - thing be take - and it look bad for a minute there when they form that queue behind I . but to scream so loud the neighbor call the filth in - that 's betrayal . guy clinch betrayal ? betrayal sink into guy 's face . ext . notting hill pay phone - same the bag lady walk up to the phone booth and show guy she expose breast . int . nicola' apartment - same int . clinch house hope' bedroom next - that night guy bring hope 's martini to she at she dress table . stand behind she , he move she hair off to one shoulder , and kiss the back of she expose neck . his hair be wet . a drop fall from a strand of bang , land on she neck . he wipe it away quickly . she pat he cheek . hope clinch tough day ? guy clinch not really . hope clinch poor you . dinner will be ready in half a hour . could you zip I up please . he zip up she dress , close the hook into the eye . c.u. on keith 's face emotional beyond belief . keith turn and stare Sam in the eye . Sam 's right in there with keith . the ' artist extraordinaire ' of the dart world . samson young go on to tell I everything you know about the game . I have get fifteen second . keith talent the sincerity of the dart , the address of the board , grace the oche , clinicism . 7 foot 9 1 / 2 inch from the board , ' as decide by the dart federation . ' Weight on front foot ; head still ; nice follow through . ( whisper direly ) you be look at that treble 20 . nothing else exist . nothing . Sam 's first dart hit the double 3. keith talent insincere dart . Sam 's second dart smack into the wall cabinet . keith talent no clinicism . the tail of Sam 's third dart jab he eye on the backsw . Sam throw a fast succession of dart landing on 11 , 2 , 9 ; 4 , 17 outer bull 's - eye ( 25 ! ) ; 7 , 13 , 5 . keith talent junkie slime . move it . move it . samson young when I be you age I be still dodging the shit in the South bronx . rat be this big . ( show 12 inch between he hand ) you would come out of the walk - up and see the body of a child , like a break cabbage patch doll . flash CUT to : ext . king be point , long island - day Long shot of beachfront home with tennis court . fast zoom in on Sam age 20 play he brother on the tennis court as a housekeeper in white uniform interrupt the game with a tray of lemonade . keith study guy . keith 's mind tick loudly . nicola six ( v.o. ) be he rich ?... there 's a thing you and I might do together . a money thing . keith talent I could sell she to you . maybe then you would get some . just a joke mate . we know she 's not for sale . amidst o.s. bullet , the Priest speak on the phone . priest if you want to get a idea of what 's happen here , watch " the killing field . " then multiply the dead by 10 . samson young ( v.o. ) at first , keith clearly think - as he be mean to - that she be sunbathing in she underwear . then he make out the silk aping - fabric . int . nicola' den - same Sam type into he laptop . c.u. on laptop screen word -- although she hate bikinis , she have buy it that morning ; and it be exceptionally vulgar . samson young ( v.o. ) I find myself indulge vulgar revery of a movie sale . with character like this any one of they could win a Academy Award . the only difficulty be casting marmaduke . maybe you could dispense with a infant star and go with a little robot or even some kind of high tech cartoon . it 's amazing what they can do . or , because age and time have go so wrong now , why not a youthful dwarf , wear diaper and baby mask ? maybe marmaduke will get best support actor . get out of the car , guy . I will do it . please . let I be the one . guy clinch Jesus , Sam , do not do this for I . samson young be not it always someone else ? who do it ? samson young the story be not over , but the life obviously be . samson young guy fawk Day ? nicola six and it 's also the day after the deadline for we political peace talk . samson young it must be a comfort know what day you will be go . ext . ST . jame ' STREET - lunch hour the two of they part company on this crowded street full of banker and businessmen on lunchbreak . Sam turn he back on she and pretend to stare at some clothes in a Men 's store . nicola disappear into a old five star restaurant . a driver open the door of he towncar in front of the restaurant . guy step out . walk into the restaurant . keith talent not really . put it like this . my wife think she be . nicola six Children ? keith talent no . well , yeah , I get a little girl . she 's not even one yet . interrupted by the intercom buzzer . nicola six I expect you could use some money . could you keith ? keith talent yeah . sure . absolutely . I be heating up . that 's why I owe the vig . that 's for I . int . nicola' apartment - same Sam leave nicola 's apartment close the door , careful not to make a sound . he wait , watch keith disappear , out of sight on the stairwell . guy walk up a flight alone . Sam approach he head down the stair . samson young guy . how be you ? guy clinch very well . hope say she call to invite you for dinner . samson young yes , yes she do . thank you . I will see you there . she purposely mess up she bed so that when she leave the bedroom she 's look as unkempt as she bed . the door open for full effect . int . trish shirt basement room - ladbroke grove - dart night - late Beyond the plywood door . keith talent I meet this bird , nicky . she 's have this affect . ( he look down on himself ) make I randier and randier . ( look at she ) and you be a solid second choice girl . trish shirt on she knee . she 's bright blonde , thin body , but with the thick sturdy leg keith like on all he girl . keith , wear he dart outfit , zip up . leave . his dog clive walk out two step behind . keith talent God save we . what be I do to myself ? what be I do here ? for she ? uhm , trish do have a certain quality . she be the nearest . int . keith' golborne road council flat - dart night - latest e.c.u. on he thumb press down on fast forward . keith be in bed . kath cover she eye awaken . on television a beautiful girl be murder . c.u. on keith 's fag-brown finger as it press fast forward , play . a second beautiful girl be kill . c.u. on the remote switch hand . fast forward to two more beautiful girl get kill . keith talent watch out darling ! boof. boof. boof . boof . he lean over and exert himself sexually on he wife kath . samson young that two go at it . shit . he dial the phone . nicola six ( o.s. ) hello . samson young can you come over ? nicola six ( o.s. ) when ? samson young now ? o.s. she hang up . samson young nicola and ma ? nicola and Mark asprey ? Jesus . samson young hold that think . Sam rush off to the bedroom . nicola passively look out the window . int . hornig ultrason literary agency NYC - morning missy harter , pregnant , gulp coffee , press the record button on she phone . missy here 's the deal . I have no doubt you book deal will go . int . MARK asprey' bedroom - same samson young explain , missy . Sam sit on the bed , look up at himself in the ceiling mirror , excited . missy ( o.s. ) you will be pay against a renegotiable advance ; we reserve the right to match any offer from a rival publisher , and as you would expect if you be to accept a better offer elsewhere , then hornig ultrason will sue you - it 's standard . you will hear from the lawyer . I be time urgent . Goodbye there . nicola look in on Sam , then walk away . samson young - oh , missy ? before you run . be there anything you can tell I about the - the international situation ? over here it 's - missy ( o.s. ) - it 's serious . but we feel we be in good hand . the President be confident . nicola six we be go to do this at my speed . int . nicola' stairwell - same keith descend the stair and come upon guy . keith talent hello , mate . guy walk upstairs to one side , clutching a globe . guy clinch - keith ... sorry , I be half - asleep . guy trudge past he , barely wonder . keith study guy as he climb away . samson young ( v.o. ) nicola worry that guy be only make up of niceness , friendliness , and that it be important that he be capable of love . Love would be necessary for she grand plan to work . a indian Restaurant . samson young you have he exactly where you want he . and you be on time . ten minute late . he take the cigarette out of she mouth and smoke it . it 's the two of they truly against the world . Sam open the restaurant door for she . she walk into the restaurant . Sam walk away . int . retreat from KABUL restaurant - same nicola smile across the room . she see keith look like a scared rat , hide in a dark shadowy corner of the restaurant . she walk up to the table . nicola six hello keith . she sit down . notice the photo of the shah of Iran behind keith . int . retreat from KABUL iranian restaurant - later at the end of they meal . surrounded by huge serve plate . nicola go off in she own imaginative world , tell a total fabrication . he stare into the tiny water fountain on top of they table . nicola six ( o.s. ) fifty thousand pound , keith . keith look up at she . nicola six for one night with the shah of Iran . the shah be the King , keith . keith have no patience for nicola now . keith talent the towel-head . that 's a lot of money - which bring something to mind . I want - I need - she cut he off , seize control . nicola six the wide world be he brothel . you have to think : how do he dare . keith talent ancient privilege as such . a right exercise from time immemorial . nicola six very good . time immemorial ? no , keith . the shah 's father be just a corporal in the army before he make he coup . the purest skum keith . the peacock be bear a pauper . you see what I be say ? keith push the plate of hot curry food away . his mouth open , exhaling smoke . nicola open a packet of sugar , pour a line on the tablecloth . keith 's dart finger move out of the way . she run she finger separate the sugar into two long line . nicola six two line of the finest cocaine . and the most miraculous underwear . keith be interested . keith talent what kind of knicker ? keith light a cigarette . he shift uneasily on he chair , fix he pants , underwear , etc . she tell she story as sexily as be humanly possible . nicola six panty , worth a fortune . they do not weigh anything . when the shah eventually remove the panty he throw they with gusto high towards the dome ceiling . int . the shah's palace - day angle up towards the tall , vast , dome ceiling as the underwear float downward . nicola six ( o.s. ) the panty hover in the warm thermal and fall like a autumn leaf . when he finish they be still fall and his excellency take he time . int . KABUL restaurant - as before nicola six the shah never sleep with the same whore twice . but he do look in the next morning and use I rather brutally on the way to a meeting with he american advisor . flashback to : int . MARK asprey' front door - next day a uniform courier hand Sam two fedex envelope . Sam read the first envelope . c.u. on - sender - Dr. slizard . samson young ( to the fedex guy ) he 's speed up my medication . delivery twice a week , can not be good . courier sign here please , sir . too anxious to wait , Sam open the second fedex . c.u. on the second sender 's information : missy harter literary Agency . empty the content . a check fall into he hand . the courier push the signature pad at Sam . samson young a check . option -money . I do not know how she work it . she must love nicola 's murder story . but this ... check , this be true felicity . Joy ! Sam sign he name on the courier 's pad . int . sam' fantasy studio soundstage hollywood - day a hundred crew all over the vast soundstage design to be nicola 's apt . Pan across the label fold chair reserve for each star , they back to camera , dress in wardrobe - nicola six , guy clinch , keith talent . Pan across to a canvas crib label - marmaduke . Zoom closer cautiously ( mimick the last shot of " Rosemary 's baby " ) as a baby star 's foot kick the air devilishly . his crib rock significantly . samson young ( v.o. ) nicola have the gift . a sensitivity to know she destiny . a insight into the event in she life . it 's something she be bear with . never ask for it . and be burden with it . imagine know the event of you life before you actually live they . nicola six why should he have all the money ? nicola six it 's time to wipe the money fear off he face , and find out what would move he to murder . Sam wait , then leave the house alone . ext . clinch house - same Sam walk out of the house , down the step , across the enclose front garden , and out the creak gate . Sam walk away from guy 's with the weight of the world on he shoulder . he look up at a starry sky . int . MARK asprey' office - same Sam type onto he laptop . c.u. on the word as he read they aloud . samson young - then she kiss he . she kiss he so delicately vulverable fragile like a wound Bird . it 's ten day to countdown and she 's give he that kiss , the wound Bird . risky . but brilliant . samson young I be move from New York City to London . and , no amount of political controversy can keep I from reach my final destination . nicola six you President be give a deadline to sign of November 4th . that 's one day before my birthday . samson young you worried you will be upstage ? nicola six no. I have think about it . but no . I do not see a mini nuclear war start just then . samson young do you want to hear the latest about keith ? what I overhear . this may interest you . nicola six I look at you , and I see a man , who would be proud to die with he Johnson in he hand . keith talent yeah cheer , Nick . ola . she sit beside he on the sofa , move the tissue box forward within he reach . nicola six I be go to have a bath . would you unzip I ? it 's the little catch at the top . that 's it . thank you . I will be in the tub , oh , for at least fifteen minute . there be some paper tissue on the table here . and a porno on the screen there . samson young you know , I be think that I could use something to be bury in . I would like a open casket . nicola six really ? samson young yes . I have definite idea . int . haw and curtis - fitting room - next nicola be stretch out on a velvet ' 30 couch , long leg up , sip a cup of tea . Sam stand on a fitting platform in satin pyjamas , robe , velvet crest slipper , sleep cap . flanke by two tailor in three - piece suit , he pretend to be dead . close he eye , lay he hand over he chest . he step down off the platform and look at himself in the mirror . samson young I look like guy clinch . nicola six have you a second choice ? angle on Sam in a tuxedo with tail , top hat , patent leather shoe , satin scarf , black coat , can , white glove . Sam approach she . the tailor listen in . nicola six if you be lie in a coffin , it may be overwhelmingly sad . in some way you look too beautiful . heartbreakingly beautiful . Sam be pleased with she response . watch she carefully . she sense he eye on she and blushes . later : Sam be be fitte into a black pinstripe , three piece suit . the tailor close the button on the vest , the jacket . Sam look in the mirror . somehow they all know , even the tailor , that this be the suit he will be bury in . Sam be sober by the experience . it 's perfect to the inch . they step aside , wait for approval . Sam turn to the mirror . see himself . look into he face . go closer in on he face . ending up c.u. on he eye . c.u. on he eye look into they mirror reflection . he look away and find nicola 's eye search for he in the mirror . she know what he be think . samson young I wish I know how much time I have leave ? nicola six you have get enough . samson young just enough ? nicola six yes . samson young thank you . int . the GEORGE WASHINGTON pub dart match - night c.u. on keith 's furry loafer curl at the toe , plant on the oche . pan up he cream hipster flare , as he hand run over he fly with its individual loop , each tie in a bow , and tassele with fringe and pom-pom . pan further up he brown moire silk shirt , new haircut and blow -dry . his chest jerk with pain from a break rib . all of keith tighten , stretch . c.u. on martin permane be hearing aid , distorting . Martin , a old dart opponent , past seventy . keith 's voice whistle piercingly , shrilly , in he ear . keith talent ( distort in the hearing aid ) m'whole life ahead of I . innit . keith recall nicola before throw he next dart . he look back at she in the audience beside Sam . c.u. on keith 's dart landing on - double twenty . a judge announce into a mike , as hear through Martin permane 's whistling hearing aid . judge ( distort in the hearing aid ) we be pleased to announce here tonight the victor keith talent . go on to the semi-final . int . nicola' apt - the next morning nicola be dress in a white satin party frock with flounce , and a scarlet satin sash . she have apply she makeup with pale powder skin and blush cheek , lip , like a girl go to she first ball . guy , in a tweed suit , balance a teacup on he lap . rain tap against the window , pelt down on the skylight above she . nicola six my sexual life ... just never happen . perhaps it have to do with my parent die when they do . a only child . fourteen . and I have see what happen to enola . though I yearn for a sexual climax , whatever that be . his teacup and saucer begin to click , the silver spoon fall . guy clinch I wonder what happen to all that - all that sap ? guy 's Pov of nicola 's face mismatch on she fourteen year old body . she smile at guy , patting the cushion at she side . nicola six I tell you what . let I lead . I will not be so shy . she kiss he face , then he mouth . guy clinch do not stop . he 's struggle beneath she . guy clinch please . please no . ext . nicola' apt - next guy pause wind , in the garden path . the moon be red and low . wind blow fiercely . hail pour down suddenly . voice ( o.s. ) yo ! keith approach from across the road carry he tool bag , dart pants on from last night . keith talent prestigious . eurobank . motorway contraflow . intercool . guy clinch what ? keith put he arm around guy 's neck . keith talent be it okay , if I take you place ? I will just nip in where you just be . I will wait for you to go and then slot in after you . I will ease in there . no sweat . ( pause ) ... because they fuck clamp you round here . parking fine be steep as such . guy clinch yes of course , keith . keith talent bollinger . veuve clicquot . oh uh . you come to the next match ? you forget . you miss tonight . onna dart . guy clinch sorry . keith talent I win do not I ? and she say I would . nicola do . now I have just get to help she with the electrical as such . int . nicola' - later nicola sit across from keith . he empty he scotch . nicola six I suppose one of the great thing about masturbation be that nobody want to be see do it . we all have a dirty little secret , do not we , keith ? keith talent that be not no secret . I be at it all the - int . nicola' apt . doorway - next later , by the door , she hand he a yves Saint Laurent shoe box full of money . Sam open the bottle and pop a pill into he mouth . wash it down with vodka . realizing how crazy it be to eat a pill just like that - samson young ( v.o. ) nicola know guy would kill for love . which would be very useful for she . in the end , that may be a good way for she to be kill . ext . clinch castle ireland - day look right out of a storybook look more fantasy than real . o.s. the phone ring . int . clinch castle ireland - that day a phone be pick up in a succession of medieval room with staff in kilt : steward in the breakfast room , secretary in the office , lawyer in the Library , gamekeeper on the grounds , who finally hand the portable phone to guy 's father , Mr. clinch who be wear a hint of medieval attire . int . guy HOTEL room bayswater road - day guy clinch Father , you would not understand , but I have never feel happier in my life . int . clinch castle - day father ( after a long pause ) well there 's nothing much more to say , be there . you have my ... my " okay . " all the best , dear boy . I be glad we talk . guy clinch ( o.s. ) Father . Father . have you any opinion on the crisis as yet ? it be tomorrow you realize . father ahh , you mean the cathartic War . poor old deterrence be in bad shape , so you give it a little jolt . two city . it 's good be not it ? we would all feel so much better after a cathartic war . int . guy HOTEL room bayswater road - same guy clinch but Father , I be in one of that two city . o.s. he Father hang up the phone . int . phone booth norfolk - same guy on the pay phone to nicola . in he hand be the novel nicola give he to read on the train - " the Light of many sun . " guy clinch I miss you . miss you terribly . I will read the book you give I my love and I will be think of you , on every page , I will see you . nicola six ( o.s. ) yes darling . read it please . and then come right over to my flat and hold I tight . tomorrow 's my birthday . CUT to black she leave the car , walk to the garden gate , then return . she kiss guy through the driver 's window . she give guy the jewish princess . she do enough , in any case , to rebrim he sobbing boner . nicola six I can not answer any more of you question . I can not tell you any more than I already have . samson young because the union of two being be sacred and int . MARK asprey' bedroom - same as before - night there 's a drugge unreality to the scene . Sam be heavily medicate . Sam 's T-shirt be soak in sweat , he forehead show tiny bead of sweat . a empty bottle of kettel one vodka , a full bottle of pain pill , overflow ashtray , diary open on top of the bed . he cough . Sam rest he head on a pillow , look at himself in the mirrore ceiling . o.s. he radiator pipe groan . his hand reach for a diary of nicola 's . open it . Sam , in T-shirt and pyjama bottom , sit on he bed , reach for a pill container . c.u. on the doctor 's name - Dr. Richard slizard - instruction print on label . c.u. on the diary - head : nicola six 's kiss : category , subhead , genre , phyla - in bed , Sam read up on she kiss . samson young ( v.o. ) the rosebud , the dry application , anybody 's , clash of the incisor , Lady macbeth , the readied pussy , youth , the needer , the gobbler , the deliquescent virgin ... my God ! this be frightening . ( a long pause ) then there 's one that be a blend of two : the needer and the deliquescent virgin . it 's call the wound Bird . nicola walk into the shot . she take the diary from Sam and start to teach by demonstrate on he the follow : nicola six with the wound Bird , you must fix thing so that you partner , or opponent , feel you desperate reluctance even as you lip hone in on he . it be particularly handy after fight or when you want to turn a man around within the space of a few second . with this kiss , you stand on tiptoe strain for more , while the mouth , must seem to want to turn and hide . physically this be among my mildest . she release Sam from the wound Bird kiss . stun . samson young how can I write about a sack artist ? I be fuck . c.u. on the diary - the jewish princess kiss . angle on nicola read from the book . nicola six the jewish princess : at the other end of the escalation ladder - intense , athletic , hard - core - a kiss I seldom use . it be vulgar , young , effortlessly multiorgasmic and impossibly avid : the jewish princess be all tongue - and not its tip but its trunk , its meat : brute tongue . such a kiss be a weapon . she move to Sam . fear in he eye . she demonstrate . nicola six to achieve the jewish princess you bring you tongue out to its full extent and let it rest on the lower lip before the kiss begin . thus the kiss , when it come , be from the second mouth . apply at the right moment , it make a man kneel on the floor with he chequebook in he hand . apply at the wrong moment it could finish a love affair in half a minute . Sam look amaze . speechless . she snap she diary shut with a noticeably jarring sound . hand the diary back to Sam . go . nicola walk out of the shot . samson young ( v.o. ) we have get some major progress here . the bra be off . she give he she apartment key and then the grand-a-night -hooker kiss . samson young ( v.o. ) at 2:05 the fizzy tight come crack off . samson young ( v.o. ) her panty , innocently unfeminine in texture be last see at 3:20 . samson young ( v.o. ) he have enter on tiptoe ; but by 5:40 he be fully and hugely establish in the purple - line palace of sweet sin . samson young ( v.o. ) by 6:15 on the morning of the third day , technically before murder day , she 's get five toe on either shoulder , guy 's face in she mouth . guy 's swinging back and forth like a apeman . and then she pull this : nicola six but , you make I ridiculous . how do you dare ? I think I be mean to be tragic . at least a bit . and all this stuff as if I be not in control . every second . stewardess if you do not want to say , I - samson young I be move from New York City to London . and no amount of political controversy can keep I from reach my final destination . samson young I do not know why I be not scared of the nuclear bomb aim at we , here , in London , as we speak . keith talent if it happen , it will be so fast you will not even know it . samson young ugh , it will never happen . not in a trillion year . they will settle . the president will sign . keith talent I would not sign if I be he . what for ? samson young too much to lose . keith talent that 's right . murderee you , always you . samson young ( v.o. ) nicola six know for a very long time that she would be murder . int . airplane premonition 1986 - night a terrify commercial airplane descend nose down . the passengers hang , hold in by seatbelt , or fall from they seat . nicola 's parent seat next to each other experience this horror with some calm , hold each other 's hand . ext . airplane premonition 1986 - same the plane nosedive down to a open farm field . explode in flame on impact . bang . steel crush on impact with the earth . nicola six you mean about you illness ? nicola six you life will so soon be over . samson young I have that in common with you . samson young I be confident . we be all confident . we be the one who be here with nuclear weapon point at we . ---------------------- samson young I do not know why I be not scared of the nuclear bomb aim at we , here , in London , as we speak . keith talent if it happen , it will be so fast you will not even know it . samson young ugh , it will never happen . not in a trillion year . they will settle . the president will sign . keith talent I would not sign if I be he . what for ? samson young too much to lose . keith talent that 's right . ---------------------- samson young ( v.o. ) and this time it be go to be different . int . MARK asprey' bedroom - late late night Sam flip through some more page of nicola 's diary . angle on the page turn in he dry hand . he stop on a page ... look into she life . int . nicola' notting hill flat flashback 1999 - late night her fifth floor walk up almost luxuriously appoint . nicola in underwear . you see it immediately ; she 's blossom into a woman . she push a young blonde man out of she flat with he trousers round he knee , a rip beige camel hair coat throw over he rip shirt . int . nicola' notting hill flat - flashback recently - day nicola throw a weighty ashtray out the window . she lean forward , see it fly through the air . nicola 's Pov as the ashtray sail downward plummete on the flesh - color scimitar car tinted windshield . running to the scimitar , the young blonde man be fume mad . man ( scream ) I will be back . and when I do come back you will be begging for it . upstair in she flat , nicola rub ice on she bruise lip . he get into the car and sit beneath the shattered windshield . samson young ( v.o. ) the big mystery be , why do she do this when she know what 's go to happen to he ? she see the car leave at the high speed in reverse ! Rams into a truck , fatally . the lorry engine burst into flame . the interior of the flesh - color scimitar catch fire engulf the conscious driver scream as he burn . c.u. on a close circuit micro-size liquid crystal tv monitor , volume up , emit a harsh breathe , rasp , asthma sound . on screen be a bluish white ext . build on top of grand central station NYC - dawn on a mid-floor Dr. slizard be a small speck , talk out loud , alone . int . dr . slizard office - dawn Dr. slizzard sit behind he desk on the phone . dr . slizard it 's like this . do you go in now , and take the chance , or let the system degrade further . the Pentagon be for go in ; State would prefer to ride it out ; the nsc be tear . I , I be for ride out . int . MARK asprey' office library - same int . pay phone mental institution tv room - next in slow motion - guy walk the concourse - everywhere young woman look at he with kindness . guy make eye contact with a old man and a old woman , boy ( in angel costume ) , girl ( in devil costume ) , a child ( in ghost sheet ) , a perfect family formation . guy walk to the pay phone in the rear of the room . he enter a red enclose phone booth . the red frame door close . o.s. the sound of a phone dial . int . phone booth - same o.s. a phone ring . someone pick up on the other line . nicola six ( o.s. ) guy ? be it you ? I can tell . come to I , my darling . come to I . at the speed of love . guy , too conflict to speak , hang up . the phone return to dial tone . guy dial nicola again . the phone ring o.s.