London after Midnight title : in rural England -- a forsaken garden -- 1 . fade in : ext . balfour garden ( night ) perambulator shot the camera be stationary as the fade come in : through a tangle of brush can be see in the night , four dark figure , one of they carry a lantern . they be evidently search for something . they come toward camera through a garden long neglect ... go into ruin . as they reach foreground the camera move with they . they be man of the English servant class : a gardener and some hostler . the gardener ; who carry the lantern search the ground ahead of they as they stumble forward , frighten . it be not a job that they relish . lap dissolve into : ext : balfour garden and house ( night ) long shot a newcomb shot of the house of the English country type in a state of decay quite as sad as that of the garden . window be break , shutter loose ; it be bleak , desolate . the dim figure of the man with they lantern be approach from bear g. a corner of the house . lap dissolve into : ext . corner house ( night ) close shot the man come into scene , stop suddenly , startle . insert : closeup , a shutter hang loose on rusty hinge , bang back and forth in a gust of wind . back to scene : the man as they shudder . one of they try to conquer the fear that hold they , point up , tell they it be only a shutter in the wind . the gardener with the lantern indicate for they to press forward . they start , around the corner of the house . 2 . ext . balfour house ( night ) medium shot around corner , lie crumpled , still and lifeless in f.g. be the body of a man . the man come around the corner with the lantern . they stop short in horror . the man with the lantern lean over the body . the other huddle with scared face around he . 3 . ext . balfour ( night ) closeup the man , with the body below frame line . the gardener , hold the lantern so that he can see , look down and out of scene as though at the face of the dead man . he look up at the other and say in a awed whisper : title : " it 's ‘im . it 's ' arry balfour " back to scene : the man look at each other in awe . one of they shake he head slowly and say : title : " this will break ' be sister Lucy 's ' eart " back to scene . there be solemn assent to this . title : " and 'ow about Sir James ? him as love them both like they be ' be own child . " back to scene : again there be solemn assent . quick fade out 4 . quick fade in : ext . hamlin house ( night ) long shot a newcomb shot of another English country house , this one with light window and well - keep grounds , a distinct contrast to the ruin just see . run only a few foot for swift , impressionistic effect and lap dissolve into : int . hamlin music room ( night ) full shot again the sense of contrast . here be warmth , wealth , comfort . seat at a piano be Lucy balfour , a pretty English girl in she early twenty . stand listen to she , as she play , be Sir James hamlin , a dignify , kindly country gentleman in he late forty . lap dissolve into : int . hamlin music room ( night ) close shot Lucy and Sir James , as she finish play and look up at he with a wistful smile . he indicate for she to play something more . she select a piece and be startle when a little worried look cross she face and she look up at he and say : title : " I simply can not understand , Sir James , why Harry go away without say anything . " CUT from title to : 5 . int hamlin music room ( night ) closeup Lucy as she finish title , a pretty puzzlement in she expression . it be apparent that she be not greatly worried , just perplex . 6 . int . hamlin music room ( night ) close up Sir James , as he smile down at she gravely , a deep affection in he eye , and say : title : '' there be nothing to worry about , Lucy , my dear . " CUT from title to : 7 . int hamlin music room shot ( night ) close the two at the piano , as Sir James finish reach over and patting Lucy 's hand affectionately . after a moment she resume she play . he stand watch she , then turn thoughtfully and go out of scene . 8 . int . hamlin music room ( night ) close shot by arched entrance to hall , as Sir James come thoughtfully in and pull a long bell - cord . a butler enter . with a look off toward Lucy , Sir James give a quiet order to the butler . title : " have my secretary come here . " back to scene : the butler exit . Sir James look again off toward Lucy . in a moment he secretary enter -- a young man of the serious type , a student . Sir James ask he quietly : title : " any word , Mr. hibbs ? " back to scene : hibbs be about to answer , but look off toward Lucy and then get over in pantomime that perhaps they have better step into the hall . Sir James nod . they exit . 9 . int . hamlin hall ( night ) close shot other side of doorway as Sir James and hibbs come in . now hibbs tell he earnestly : title : " I insisted , sir , on they search the grounds over at the old balfour place - - " back to scene : Sir James nod gravely to this , indicate that the secretary act wisely , that that be the right thing to do . hibbs go on . title : '' weird thing have happen there in the last five year -- ever since miss Lucy 's father - - " back to scene : Sir James check he with a gesture . both look off sharply down the hall . 10 int . hamlin hall ( night ) medium shot a may , miss smithson , be stand at a open door , stare out and down in horror . she scream , draw back . 11 int . hamlin hall ( night ) close shot Sir James and hibbs , stare . they run out . 12 int . hamlin hall ( night ) close shot Lucy . she stop play , listen in sudden fright , then rise and exit . 13 int . hamlin hall ( night ) medium shot at door , Sir James , hibbs , miss smithson , the gardener and a hostler . the gardener and the hostler be just straighten up from have place below frame line in f.g. the body of the dead Harry balfour . Sir James , lean over , straighten up gravely . the body be not see . 14 int . hamlin hall ( night ) close shot at entrance to music room , as Lucy come through , look off , scream and start forward . 15 int . hamlin hall ( night ) medium shot at door , as before , as Lucy come in from down the hall , stare in horror at the body out of scene . '' Harry ! Harry ! " she cry . Sir James put a arm about she comfortingly for a moment , lead she away a little , indicate for the may to take she away . miss smithson lead Lucy out of scene . Sir James turn and give a order to the butler , who exit quickly . Sir James turn to the hostler and other and give order . hibbs , look off after Lucy , exit in that direction . Sir James start quickly up the stair . 16 int . hamlin library ( night ) medium shot Lucy , on a couch , be comfort by the may . hibbs come slowly in , stand for a moment look at they . at a gesture from hibbs , the may quickly withdraw . hibbs sit on the couch beside Lucy . 17 int . library closeup shot hibbs and Lucy , as he sit on the couch beside she . she be stare off with tragic face . hibbs feel terribly about it all . he would like to be able to speak a consol word to she , but he do not know just what to say or how to say it . hesitatingly , he say : title : " miss balfour , I ----- " back to scene : she turn away to the end of the couch and burst into uncontrollable sobbing . hibbs sit and look at she with the deep sympathy and a sort of pathetic helplessness . fade out [ scene 18 through 51 omitted ] fade in : insert : close up ( night ) a break shutter with break window pane . a bat flutter against the pane . the shutter bang in a gust of wind . lap dissolve from insert to : 52 . ext . balfour house ( night ) long shot two man be see dimly , stand under a tree . a jaunting cart be drive slowly in , with the gardener and miss smithson . the cart stop as they look off towards the house . ( the cart be load with trunk , baggage . ) lap dissolve into : int . balfour house ( night ) full shot Grand staircase . come down the stair be two figure , a man and a woman . the man , who carry a lamp , be as strange a creature as the eye ever beheld . he wear a black beaver hat and a black inverness coat and he face have on it the pallor of death . there be , indeed , something not of this Earth in he appearance . nor be the woman with he less strange . her face also be of a unearthly pallor . she be garbe all in black , with long black sleeve to she cloak that look like wing . they come the long walk down the stair . he hand the lamp to the woman . no word be speak between they . she start off toward a side room . the man go slowly toward the front door . lap dissolve into ext . balfour house ( night ) long shot the jaunting cart in f.g. , the two man at side under a tree . a light pass a downstairs window . the man in the beaver hat come out the front door . the gardener suddenly whip up he steed and the cart go out of scene pellmell . 53 ext . garden ( night ) close shot the two man under the tree , two business - like britisher , one of whom have a legal document in he hand . the man in the beaver hat enter to they . one of the two man say to he : title : " you will pardon we , sir , for not go in with you , but ... " back to scene : he shudder a little , expressively . the man in the beaver hat indicate the legal document without speak . the other man unfold it . the man in the beaver hat take out a fountain pen , indicate that he will sign . the first man tell he : title : '' understand , sir , the owner will make no repair . '' back to scene : the man in the beaver hat nod solemnly to this and , without speak , lean over and start to sign the document . the two look at he curiously , draw back from he a little , instinctively . 54 ext . hamlin house ( night ) long shot the jaunting cart with the gardener and may drive pellmell in , around the driveway , toward rear of house . 55 int . servant hall ( night ) mo . shot hibbs , the secretary , be give some order to the butler . two or three other servant be present . run a few foot . then the rear door be flung open and miss smithson , the may , come excitedly in , start at once to tell the secretary and butler what she see at the balfour House . the gardener follow . he nod a pop-ey assent to everything the may be tell . everybody present be much impressed , include hibbs , the secretary , who start to question miss smithson . suddenly all stop , tense , listen . insert : cu bell indicator on wall . Bell be ringing . a arrow have drop , indicate from what room . back to scene : there be a sigh of relief . it be only a call for the butler . he exit . hibbs ask a couple of more suggestion of miss smithson , then follow the butler out . 56 int . hamlin hall ( night ) semi full shot Sir James and chauffeur . the chauffeur be close the door , deposit Sir James ' bag on the floor as the butler come in . he be help Sir James off with he coat as hibbs , the secretary , come in . the butler take the coat and bag and be about to start out with they when a ring be hear at the front door . the butler put down the bag and coat and open the front door , admit the two agent see under the tree at the balfour house . Sir James at the door to the library , turn in some surprise . one of the agent , hold up the lease , tell he : title : " it 's about a tenant , sir , for the old balfour place . " back to scene : " a tenant ? " Sir James be really surprised . he indicate for the two man to step into the library . they do so , follow by hibbs . 57 int . library ( night ) semi full shot Sir James go to desk and sit down . the agent hand he the lease . hibbs stand at one side , in case he might be need . Sir James unfold the document . one of the agent say : title : " I tell he , sir , you would make no repair . " CUT from title to : 58 int . library ( night ) close shot at desk , as the agent finish title . Sir James nod that that be the right thing to do . now , with the lease unfold , he scan down it with a business - like eye . suddenly he frown , stare in astonishment down at the document . insert : signature on lease : roger balfour CUT from insert to : 59 int . library ( night ) close up Sir James , stare down at the signature . he look up , he lip form the name : '' Roger balfour ! " he look up slowly . then , indicate the signature with a forefinger , he say , slowly : title : " this be the name of the man who commit suicide in that house five year ago ! " back to scene : he finish title , in awe and wonder . 60 int . library ( night ) close up shot the two agent , stare in astonishment . 61 int . library ( night ) close up hibbs , the secretary , as he say , involuntarily : title : " Lucy 's father ! " CUT from title to : 62 int . library night mo . shot of group as they stare at each other . 63 int . hamlin hall night close shot at front door . the butler be open the door . burke of Scotland yard , with a bag , stand there . title : " tell Sir James a old friend -- just back from India -- have come to visit he . " back to scene : burke come in ; the butler close the door and exit toward the library . 64 int . library night semi full shot the group as before . the butler , step in from the entrance hall , give Sir James the message . '' a old friend ? " Sir James say , try to recall who it might be ; and then , '' show he in . " the butler exit . after a moment he return with burke . Sir James rise from the desk . they stand look at each other for a moment , then Sir James come forward and they greet each other with the warmth and cordiality of old friend long parte . Sir James then turn to the other and say : title : " Colonel yate , gentleman " CUT from title to : 65 int . library night mo . shot of group as Sir James finish title . the introduction be acknowledge with a bow , in which burke allow he gaze to rest in rather long scrutiny on hibbs , the secretary , so that the young man be beginning to be uncomfortable . Sir James , pick up the lease , turn with it to burke , with a return of he excitement of a moment ago . 66 int . library night close shot Sir James and burke , as Sir James tell he swiftly of the name sign to the lease . burke smile dryly and say : title : " a coincidence , Sir James -- it could be nothing more . " back to scene : this be what Sir James want to believe and be relieved when burke say it . burke turn to the two agent out of scene and say : title : " I know Roger balfour well . what do this man look like ? " CUT from title to : 67 int . library night close shot Group as burke finish question . the two agent exchange a look . then one of they say : title : '' that 's hard to say , sir . there be something weird about he -- that make you feel creepy -- " CUT from title to : 68 int . library night close up the two agent as the first one finish title in awe . the other one go on : title : '' something like he be not of this Earth .... something unholy - - " back to scene : he finish title . the other nod in agreement to this . 69 int . library night close shot burke , look out of scene at they for a moment with penetrate glance . then he laugh and say : title : " nonsense ! " 70 int . library night mo . shot of group , as burke finish title , laugh . Sir James be now a bit more at ease , but still nervous and upset . the two agent look shameface and foolish . one of they get over to Sir James and say that if they be not need any more they will be go . Sir James nod goodnight to they , turn and indicate to hibbs to show they out . hibbs exit with the two agent . Sir James sink into he seat at the desk . burke draw up a chair . 71 int . library night close shot Sir James and burke at the desk as burke sit down . Sir James stare for a moment , frown at the signature on the lease . then , with a sudden think , he rummages in a drawer of the desk and get out a packet of papers . with nervous finger , he slip the rubber band off and examine the signature attach . he place this beside the other and show the two of they to burke . insert : two signature , " Roger balfour " , along side each other . they very closely resemble each other . back to scene : the two man look up from the document seriously . for a moment , not a word be speak between they . then Sir James say , in awe : title : " the signature be the same ! " back to scene : burke nod solemnly . " yes . " 72 int . music room night mo . shot the room be dark , except for a shaft of moonlight from the window . in this moonlight , Lucy , pale and beautiful in a white dress , stand look out into the garden . hibbs enter to she . she do not turn for a moment . hibbs stand look at she for a moment , worried . then he speak to she , softly . she turn , startle . then , see it be hibbs , she say : title : " I think I hear a voice call to I from the garden -- ever so softly : ' Lucy - - ' " back to scene : hibbs stare at she for a moment , then turn and look out into the garden . he turn back to she , close the casement window and tell she : title : '' there 's no one there -- you be nervous , dear - back to scene : he finish title . she smile wanly . " yes , I be nervous . " he turn and start to close the window . 73 int . library night close shot Sir James and burke , as Sir James talk to he , earnestly . burke , with a cynical smile , interrupt , say : title : " you mean a ghost , Sir James ? " back to scene : Sir James shake he head , solemnly . they look at each other for a moment , then Sir James answer : title : " not a ghost , no ! worse than that -- " CUT from title to : 74 int . library night mo . shot Sir James , finish title , rise and take down two or three ancient look book from the bookcase that line the wall . he put this on the desk , open one of they , find @ passage and show it to burke . 75 int . music room night mo . shot hibbs and Lucy , as hibbs turn on a light switch by the door to hall and the room be flood with light . they go over and sit down on a settee , as he talk to she seriously . 76 int . library night close shot Sir James and burke at desk , as burke look up from passage he be read and say : title : " we be not live in the Middle Ages , Sir James . " CUT to scene : Sir James be deeply thoughtful . he ponder this for a moment , then say : title : " just the same , I would like to have a look at the vault where Roger balfour be bury ! " back to scene . he finish title . they sit look at each other solemnly . fade out title : midnight fade in 77 ext . cemetery night semi long shot a newcomb shot , weird , eerie ; bare - limb , queer tree ; in semi f.g. a mausoleum . run a few foot for the effect and lap dissolve to : ext . mausoleum night close shot the open door of the mausoleum . Sir James and burke stagger backward out the door of the mausoleum . burke have a pocket flashlight in he hand . he click it off . they stare at each other aghast . then Sir James mutter , incredulously , in horror : title : '' the coffin be empty ! " back to scene : he finish title . burke nod slowly , solemnly . suddenly Sir James clutches at burke 's arm and both man be tense , listen . insert : close up owl on bare limb of tree . it open its beak . title : " hoo !...... hoo ! " back to insert : it close beak . back to scene : Sir James , tremble , get over " let 's get out of here . " burke look up and off , tell he : " it 's only a owl . " they turn to go . 78 ext . balfour house and garden night semi long shot the house and the ruin garden in weird lighting . at the gate stand the man in the beaver hat , the girl in black with the sleeve that look like wing . this two be welcoming three other -- three man as queer in appearance as the man in the beaver hat and he companion . not a word be speak . the whole effect be odd , fantastic . they start toward the house , slowly , in solemn procession . fade out fade in insert : vignetted passage of the print page of a old book , the paper of a parchment - like quality , age , the print in a Old English type : '' -- the undead , the vampyr : dead body which leave they grave at night to suck the blood of the live . " lap dissolve into from insert : 79 int . hamlin library ( night ) medium shot hibbs , Sir James and burke . the Secretary be read from one of the old book to the other two man . both of whom seem to be profoundly impressed . he turn the page and be instantly strike by what he encounter there . he spread the book open on the desk and call they attention to it . they lean over , see : insert : page illustrate from book do in old wood - cut fashion depict a vampire . CUT from insert to : 80 interior hamlin library ( night ) close up Sir James and burke , look down at the illustration . burke look up from it , in he eye the faintest suggestion of a cynical smile . Sir James look at the page face the illustration and read on for a few line . there be a strange excitement in he manner as he indicate to burke to read what he have just read . burke look down at the page : insert : extract from book : " Men who have die by suicide frequently become vampyr . they come out of they grave at night , rush upon people sleep in they bed -- " back to scene : burke look up from the page . Sir James say to he slowly , with deep significance : title : " Roger balfour die a suicide ! " CUT from title to : 81 interior library ( night ) close up Sir James , as he finish title , awed , look out of scene at burke . 82 interior library ( night ) close up burke , as he realize the significance of this . there be a moment when he seem deeply impressed . then , with a sudden change of manner , he say , vehemently : title : " my God , man , this be the twentieth century -- and here we be almost believe atin CUT from title to : 83 interior library ( night ) close shot the three man , as burke finish title , indicate the book on the table . hibbs tell he rather hotly : title : " T believe it ! " back to scene : burke turn a cold gaze on hibbs . for a moment it seem as if he eye would bore through the secretary . then , with something of contempt in he final appraisement , he turn to Sir James , who shrug he shoulder , as though to get over , " what can we believe ? " suddenly all three be tense , listen . burke say in a whisper : title : " what be that ? " back to scene : they listen , tense , not move a muscle . suddenly hibbs cry out : title : " a scream -- a woman 's scream ! CUT from title to : 84 interior library ( night ) medium shot the three man , as hibbs finish title , indicate upward . the three man rush out through the door to the hall . 85 interior hamlin hall ( night ) long shot the three man run out from the library , run to the stair . as they start up , one foot lap dissolve into : 86 interior upper hall ( night ) semi long shot the three man come into scene up the stair . they stop in f.g. , listen , tense . hibbs cry out , point off toward a door , wildly -- title : " it 's from Lucy 's room ! " back to scene : they rush over to the door indicate . 87 interior upper hall ( night ) close shot at door to Lucy 's room as hibbs , first in , try the door . it be lock . he pound upon the door . " Lucy ! Lucy ! " " break it open ! " command Sir James in wild excitement . 88 interior lucy room ( night ) medium shot miss smithson , the may , be back away toward the door . she have she hand clutch to she throat and be stare in terror out of scene . she hear the hammer on the door . she reach the door , frantically turn the key . the door be flung open . hibbs , Sir James and burke plunge into the room . the may have she hand to she throat in pain . they stop , look around the room out of scene . Sir James cry out : title : " where 's Lucy ? " back to scene : take a hand from she throat , miss smithson point wildly off say : title : " I -- lock she in there - back to scene : Sir James and hibbs rush out , miss smithson sink into a chair . 89 interior lucy room ( night ) close shot door to dress room . Sir James , hibbs , rush in . hibbs turn the key in the door . Lucy , weak and faint from fright , step out . Sir James put a arm about she , support she . speak comfortingly to she , he start out with she toward a open window , out of scene . hibbs look off after they , deep concern in he eye . 90 interior lucy room ( night ) close shot by open window . Sir James , lead in Lucy , seat she by the open window , lean over she , speak comfortingly to she . in response to a question , she assure he that she be all right . he look up and off , as though speak to out of scene . 91 interior lucy room ( night ) close shot burke lean over miss smithson , whose throat be expose . he have evidently be look at she neck . he be call off to Sir James . hibbs come in from the dress room door . Sir James enter from the window . burke lean over and look at it . insert : cu neck , with two small wound , from which blood be trickle slowly . back to scene : Sir James look up slowly , gravely . he indicate for hibbs to look . the secretary do so . he look up and he and Sir James stare at each other for a solemn moment . " well ? " say burke . Sir James tell he : title : " that be the mark find on the neck of young Harry balfour . " back to scene : burke nod . he think so . turn to miss smithson , he say : title : " tell we what happen . " back to scene : miss smithson put a handkerchief to she throat , cover the wound , and say : title : " miss Lucy be get ready for bed . I go down to the linen closet - - " CUT from title to : 92 interior lucy room ( night ) close up miss smithson , as she pause , then go on talk . as she talk , lap dissolve into : interior upper hall ( night ) semi long shot in f.g. miss smithson be get bath towel from the linen closet . around a turn in the hall in b.g. , walk slowly toward she , come the man in the beaver hat . she do not see he for a moment . he be midway down to she , when she look up , see he and run . lap dissolve into : interior lucy room ( night ) close up miss smithson , fright in she eye at the recollection of it . she gulp , then go on : title : " I run in here , lock the door . " back to scene : she go on talk . lap dissolve into : interior lucy room ( night ) full shot miss smithson , lock door , turn , hurry Lucy into the dress room , lock that door , then turn stare at the door to the hall . 93 interior lucy room ( night ) close up miss smithson , stare in horror as she see : 94 interior lucy room ( night ) close up on door , a vapor start to come through the keyhole . 95 interior lucy room ( night ) close up miss smithson open-mouthed , eye bulg , as she draw back in terror , stare out of scene toward the door . 96 interior lucy room ( night ) medium shot at door . the vapor come through the keyhole form itself into the shape of a man . the vapor slowly disappear and , stand there , be the man in the beaver hat . he start forward . the camera move with he until back against the bed , miss smithson come into scene . the man in the beaver hat seize she and put he tooth against she neck . lap dissolve into : interior lucy room ( night ) close up miss smithson talk as she say : title : " I scream . maybe for a minute I faint . he be go . " CUT from title to : 97 interior lucy room ( night ) close shot miss smithson , Sir James , burke and hibbs as she finish title , sink back in the chair all but overcome . there be a profound silence for a moment upon the three man . then burke say to Sir James calmly : title : " this be a case of nerve -- of hysteria -- of overwrought imagination -- back to scene : there be no response from Sir James or hibbs . Sir James indicate the wound in the neck . " how do you account for that ? " they all turn , sharply , look off toward Lucy at the window . 98 interior lucy room ( night ) close shot Lucy at window . she be rise from she chair , stare out the window and down toward the garden , a little cry of fear on she lip . 99 ext . garden ( night ) semi long shot gunning down from Lucy 's angle . the man in the beaver hat go softly away from camera through the tree . 100 int . lucy room ( night ) close shot Lucy as Sir James and burke crowd in stare off and down , see : 101 ext . garden ( night ) semi long shot continuation of previous scene with the man in the beaver hat disappear behind some brush toward the garden wall , reappearing again , go out the gate . 102 int . lucy room ( night ) close shot Lucy , Sir James and burke stare out and down . Sir James cry out : title : " by God , that 's not imagination ! " back to scene : he finish title , clutching burke 's arm , point wildly off . Lucy draw back out of picture . burke and Sir James turn and stare at each other . burke , with a nod of he head , indicate for Sir James to follow , turn out of scene . 103 int . lucy room ( night ) semi full shot burke lead the way out of the room for Sir James . Lucy hibbs and miss smithson stand stare off after they , as if in a momentary daze , hold in the spell of the recent amazing adventure . 104 int . upper hall ( night ) close shot burke and Sir James , as Sir James close the door behind he . burke say to he crisply : title : " Sir James , two pair of eye be better than one -- " back to scene : Sir James look at he , only half guess he meaning , get over : " I see it , too ! " burke say : title : " we will have a look at the old balfour House . " CUT from title to : 105 int . upper hall ( night ) mo . shot burke finish title , Sir James nod in solemn acquiescence . they start out down the stair . miss smithson come out the door , look off a moment after they , fearfully , then exit in the opposite direction , down the hall . 106 int . lucy room ( night ) mo . shot Lucy and hibbs as hibbs close the casement window and lock it tight , then turn toward she solicitously . 107 int . upper hall ( night ) close shot at a corner or jog in the hall , miss smithson stop , look back for a moment , then peer around the corner fearfully , she exit around the corner . 108 int . lucy room ( night ) close shot hibbs and Lucy , as hibbs make she comfortable in easy chair , try to calm she , although it be quite evident that if one of they be excited , it be hibbs . he tell she : title : " now , we must not get nervous or excited - - " back to scene : and he proceed to knock over a vase which cause he far more alarm than it do Lucy . 109 int . servant ' quarter ( night ) semi full shot all the servant attach to the house - hold be huddle together . it be evident that they have hear the scream , that the night 's fear be upon they . miss smithson enter , she hand to she throat , sink into a chair , weakly glad to have attain this haven of human company . they crowd around she . 110 int . servant quarter ( night ) close shot miss smithson and group of servant , as she start to tell they the story of the attack . work up to she subject , she rise , enact the horrible scene . they draw back , agape , eye pop . insert : a row of pan under a sink . a black cat walk under the pan , knock one of they down with a clatter . the cat leap out of scene . CUT from insert to : lil int . servant ' quarter ( night ) semi full shot the entire group , in a highly - strung state of nerve from miss smithson 's narrative , jump away from she wildly at the clatter of the pan -- a flash . 112 int . servant ' quarter ( night ) close shot the groom back against a hot stove -- flash 113 int . servant ' quarter ( night ) closeup on wall shelf -- the cat leap up and in , knock over some glass jar -- flash 114 int . servant ' quarter ( night ) semi full shot flash : the room in a panic , run into each other , try to get out of the way of they know not what . 115 int . servant ' quarter ( night ) closeup the cat leap off the shelf -- 116 int . servant ' quarter ( night ) closeup miss smithson , as the cat land on she head -- she let out a unearthly scream -- 117 int . lucy room ( night ) mo . shot hibbs and Lucy . they hear the scream ! " there it be again ! " his first think be for Lucy 's safety . he rush to the door , lock it then listen , tense . 118 int . servant ' quarter ( night ) semi long shot the place a wreck -- chair overturn , people on the floor -- crawl under the table -- any place for safety . 119 ext . balfour house ( night ) long shot a faint light flicker from the upper window . the place be weird , ghostly . approach the gate be burke and Sir James . they stop at the gate . run a few foot for the mood of the scene . burke and Sir James step softly over to the shelter of a tree . 120 ext . balfour house ( night ) close shot burke and Sir James , under a tree . a deadly solemnity be upon they both . they look up toward the upper window . Sir James clutches burke 's arm as they see : 121 interior upper room balfour house ( night ) trick shot through break window pane , a shadow be throw on the ceiling of a giant bat fly slowly . 122 exterior balfour house ( night ) close shot burke and Sir James under the tree . the two man turn and exchange a look . burke indicate the tree , get over in whisper pantomime that they must see what be with in that upper room . burke start from a low branch to climb the tree . he go up out of scene . Sir James stare off and up at the house for a moment , then with a firm decision to see it through , start to climb the tree . 123 ext . upper branch of tree ( night ) close shot burke come into position in the upper branch of the tree . he look off toward the house see : 124 int . upper room balfour house ( night ) full shot frame through break window . sitting face the window be one of the man show arrive earlier one of that welcome at the gate by the man in beaver hat and he strange woman companion . he be watch with profound interest what appear to be a giant bat fly slowly near the ceiling . this come into better view and it be see to have the face of the girl in Black . sitting with he back to the scene be the man in the beaver hat . 125 ext . upper branch ( night ) close shot burke stare off . Sir James come into scene up the tree . he wait until Sir James be in position and then indicate gravely off . Sir James see : 126 int . upper room balfour house ( night ) full shot another cut of the scene with the bat girl fly slowly . but the stranger face the window do not watch she any more . he sit tense , listen , as though he might have hear they in the tree . 127 ext . upper branch ( night ) close up Sir James stare , a strange excitement in he eye . 128 int . upper room ( night ) full shot the scene as before for a very few foot . then it : dissolves quickly into : closeup the Stranger , listen tensely . there be a bullet wound in he temple . on he face be a deathlike pallor , but he eye be tense , alert . 129 ext . upper branch ( night ) closeup Sir James , stare . he lick he lip with a dry tongue , then reach over and touch burke 's hand in scene . 130 ext . upper branch ( night ) close shot burke and Sir James as burke turn to he coolly . Sir James indicate off , whisper hoarsely : title : " the man sit face we be Roger balfour ! " back to scene : burke look at he searchingly for a moment , then off toward the house . Sir James follow he gaze , fascinate . 131 int . upper room ( night ) closeup the Stranger , as he grow more tense , listen now as though he be certain he hear something . 132 ext . upper branch ( night ) close shot Sir James and burke . Sir James be in such a state of nervous excitement now that when he pantomime : " let 's get down out of here . " burke nod assent . Sir James start down . burke turn and look off again toward the house . then start down after he . 133 ext . balfour house ( night ) close shot under the tree , as Sir James let himself to the ground , burke follow . Sir James start immediately for the gate . burke stop a moment , then follow . 134 ext . balfour house ( night ) close shot at gate , as Sir James wait nervously look off toward the house . burke come softly in : title : " that be Lucy 's father . he shot himself in that house five year ago ! " back to scene : burke frown , shaking he head slowly , still the doubter , as though it could not be . Sir James , ina terrible state of mind , insist : title : " do you see the bullet hole in he temple ? " 135 ext . balfour house ( night ) close up Sir James as he finish title , a fever amount almost to a mania , in he eye . 136 ext . balfour house ( night ) close up burke profoundly thoughtful say , " yes , " then -- title : " frankly , Sir James , I be baffle . " CUT from title to : 137 ext . balfour house ( night ) close shot both , as burke finish title , Sir James urge he in whisper pantomime to come away from the accurse place . burke look off toward the house , then say : title : " there be nothing we can do but take every precaution -- and wait . " back to scene : they start out . 138 ext . balfour house ( night ) long shot the two man go out over the sideline . as soon as they have go , the figure of the Stranger who be identify as Lucy 's father , appear at a upstairs window . the long shot be weird , ghostly . the Stranger open the break window , peer out into the night . 139 ext . balfour house ( night ) close up at window as the Stranger open the window , peer out . he call softly : title : " Lucy .... Lucy ! " back to scene : he finish title , look out as if he expect to see she . 140 int . lucy room ( night ) medium shot hibbs and Lucy as he get a comforter and a blanket and bring it down to she in she easy chair and lean over with it , start to wrap it around she . 141 int . lucy room ( night ) close up hibbs and Lucy as he wrap the blanket around she , tell she : title : " there will not be much sleep in this house tonight . " back to scene : he sit down beside she as though to watch over she should she fall asleep . fade out . title : Morning 142 fade in ext . balfour house long shot day the old house , for the first time in the light of day . there be no sign of life about it ; and somehow with its ruin garden and its break window , it be even more desolate than at night . lap dissolve into : int . balfour house full shot downstair room . Sir James and burke be come down the stair , slowly look about they . they reach the foot of the stair and stop . lap dissolve into : int . balfour house close shot burke and Sir James , as burke say to he : title : " empty , every room -- empty . " back to scene : Sir James look off around the great room . his gaze lift toward the ceiling . he give a start as he see : insert : five bat huddle together , cling to the ceiling , asleep . back to scene : Sir James point . burke look . then the two man look at each other . then burke say quickly : title : " I know what you be think -- do not say it . " back to scene : burke look off around the room , speculatively . then he turn to Sir James and say : title : " this be the room in which Roger balfour commit suicide ? " back to scene : Sir James tell he that it be . burke ask : title : " where be the body find ? " CUT from title to : 143 int . balfour house semi full shot burke finish question . Sir James step over to a table , turn a chair a little to put it into the position in which the body be find , then indicate a position on the floor , as though the body have slouched out from the chair to the floor . burke come over to he . 144 int . balfour house close shot Sir James as burke come into he . burke look down at the table , the chair , study . then he look up and say : title : " I want you to tell I all you know about the circumstance . " back to scene : Sir James nod willingly . he say : title : " I come to see Roger balfour earlier in that evening . it be about 8:30 . I come in that door - - " CUT from title to 145 int . balfour house semi full shot Sir James , finish title , cross and indicate a side door . he go on tell the story of he visit , burke listen intently . Sir James cross to the table , burke follow . 146 int . balfour house close shot at table , as Sir James indicate a chair at the end of the table , say : title : " miss Lucy be here when I call . she be about thirteen -- hair down she back , a beautiful child -- " back to scene : Sir James sigh a little at the recollection . 147 ext . hamlin garden ( day ) long shot Lucy and hibbs come into the garden . they go over to a pretty spot in the garden and Lucy sit down . hibbs stand look at she . 148 int . balfour house semi full shot Sir James be finish he story . burke thanks he , look at he watch and they exit . 149 ext . hamlin garden close shot hibbs and Lucy as he look at she long and fondly , then say : title : " I want the right to protect you , Lucy - - " CUT from title to : 150 ext . garden closeup hibbs as he finish title , lean over , he earnestness in he eye . 151 ext . garden closeup Lucy as she look up at he , wistfully . 152 ext . garden close up hibbs as he say : title : " I know it 's ask a lot -- since I have get my way to make in the world - - " CUT from title to : 153 ext . garden close shot both , as hibbs finish title . her trust and she faith in he be in she eye as she look up at he . she say : title : " you will make you way , too , Jerry - - " back to scene : she pause , then rise and he take she hand in he . they stand , look into each other eye . finally , she say : title : " you see , Jerry , I love you . " back to scene : he gather she into he arm . 154 ext . hamlin gate mo . shot burke and Sir James turn in at the gate , slowly , thoughtfully . 155 ext . garden close shot Lucy and hibbs , in each other 's arm , as they draw apart and hibbs say : title : " I will tell Sir James - - " back to scene : she protest : title : " no , no , not yet , Jerry -- he have be so good and kind -- I would not hurt he for the world -- " back to scene : she finish title . 156 ext . garden mo . shot another part of garden , as Sir James and burke come in and stop . they look off see : 157 ext . garden semi long shot hibbs and Lucy , a beautiful shot , oblivious of everything but themselves as they stand face each other . 158 ext . garden close shot burke and Sir James as burke indicate off and say : title : " secretaries and servant sometimes talk too much -- " back to scene : Sir James frown , look curiously at burke , as though wonder if by any chance burke suspect hibbs , the secretary . burke say : title : " better dictate a letter to Scotland yard , ask they to send four man for tonight . " back to scene : Sir James nod , then call out of scene : " Mr. hibbs . " 159 ext . garden close shot hibbs and Lucy as they turn . hibbs hearing himself call , turn to Lucy . quickly , she make a signal of silence to he , get over that he be not to tell Sir James . he nod agreement and exit . she look off after he fondly . 160 ext . garden med.shot burke and Sir James , as hibbs come into they , Sir James get over that he want some work do and hibbs and Sir James exit to the house . burke look off a moment toward Lucy , then exit toward she . 161 ext . garden mo . shot Lucy look off expectantly . after a moment , burke enter , hat in hand . he stand for a moment , gravely look at she . then he say : title : " miss balfour , you do not know I .... but whatever happen I want you to have complete trust in I ! " 162 ext . garden close up burke as he finish title , gravely , look out of scene at she . 163 ext . garden close up Lucy , suddenly quite serious , stare at he out of scene . 164 ext . garden close up burke , as he study she for a moment with grave eye , then say : title : " mine be a hard life , miss balfour , cast in way not always pleasant - - " CUT from title to : ext . garden close shot burke and Lucy , as he pause , then go on talk to she , with grow interest . 166 int . music room mo . shot Sir James dictating a letter to hibbs , who be sit a little distance from a window , he steno book on he knee . Sir James pause . hibbs slide he chair over so that he can see out of the window . he look out and see : 167 ext . garden semi long shot burke , talk earnestly to Lucy , as she listen deeply engross in what he be say . 168 int . music room close up hibbs , look out of the window . he frown . what can this stranger be talk about to she ? 169 int . music room close up Sir James . he turn , say something , then speak sharply to hibbs . 170 int . music room mo . shot Sir James and hibbs , as hibbs , recall to himself , turn suddenly and start again to take Sir James ' dictation . 171 ext . garden close shot burke and Lucy , as he stop talk and they look into each other 's eye . then she say : title : " I do trust you -- in anything ! " back to scene : he bow he head a little . then , with girlish impulsiveness , she tell he : title : " I think you be wonderful ! " back to scene : she finish title , look at he with eye radiant with admiration . 172 int . music room close up hibbs , write in he note book at window , as he turn , take a glance at the window . he see : 173 ext . garden semi long shot burke and Lucy as she reach up in sudden impulsiveness and kiss he on the cheek . 174 int . music room medium shot Sir James and hibbs , as Sir James have recall he secretary , who be stare out the window . hibbs be now very plainly perturb . 175 ext . garden close shot burke and Lucy , as Lucy nod to some thing he be tell she , then turn and run out of scene toward the house . 176 ext . garden close up burke , look off after she . fondly he put he hand to he cheek where she have kiss he and we have a feel that if he life be to be live over again he would have romance in it -- romance with a girl not unlike miss Lucy balfour . 177 int . music room medium shot Sir James , finish letter , dismiss hibbs , who exit to the hall . 178 int . lower hall medium shot hibbs , come out of music room , meet Lucy , come in the front door . he stop she , tell she that she see she kiss the guest , want to know what she mean . 179 int . lower hall close up hibbs and Lucy , as he angrily demand of she a explanation . she be much perturb . she say finally : title : " I can not tell you -- please do not ask I -- " CUT from title to : 180 int . lower hall close up Lucy , as she finish title , much worried , as though she would like very much to tell if she could . 181 int . lower hall close up hibbs , frown he displeasure at she . 182 int . lower hall close up Lucy , look out of scene at he , anxiously . finally , with a think , she say : title : " I be go to Sir James -- now -- and tell he that we love each other - - " CUT from title to : 183 int . lower hall medium shot Lucy and hibbs , as she finish title . he can only stare at she for a moment . " be you ? " he say breathlessly . everything must be all right if that be what she be go to do . " yes , " she tell he , and turn and go into the music room . he stand stare after she , then go down the hall a little way . 184 int . music room semi full shot Sir James be pace the floor , deep in think , as Lucy come in . she be about to say something to he , but he stop she , then indicate a settee . we have the feel that he be go to tell she about she father and do not quite know how to go about it . he turn , finally , and sit down beside she . 185 int . music room night close shot Lucy and Sir James , on settee , as he sit down . a tremulous excitement be upon Lucy now that the moment have come for she to tell he of she love for hibbs . now the problem of how to begin have become she problem . Sir James sit , deeply thoughtful , stare at the floor . she turn to he and be about to tell he in a rush when he look up and say : title : " Lucy , there be something I have to tell you - back to scene : he pause . she look at he , big -ey , inguiringly . he clear he throat and go on : title : '' ever since you be a little girl , Lucy , I have wait - - " CUT from title to : 186 int . music room night closeup Sir James as he pause , hesitate -- 187 int . music room night closeup Lucy stare at he big -ey , breathlessly , beginning to guess the truth . 188 int . music room night closeup Sir James , as he turn to she , a life long love for she in he eye and say : title : " it may seem a strange time to speak , Lucy , but -- CUT from title to : 189 int . music room close shot night Sir James and Lucy as he pause , then say fervently : title : " I love you , Lucy -- I want you to marry I back to scene : he finish title , take she hand gently . Lucy , look at he aghast , at the devotion in he eye , know that this be no time to tell he . so she falter : title : " I -- I must have time -- to -- to think it over - - " back to scene : he nod gravely , patting she hand gently . she start to draw away , to rise . 190 int . music room mo . shot night Lucy , rise , stand for a moment , uncertainly . Sir James rise , turn toward she . suddenly Lucy burst into a sob and run from the room . Sir James take a step after she and stop , think . 191 int . lower hall mo . shot hibbs be wait in the hall as Lucy come out . burke be come in the front door . hibbs glare at he as Lucy , sobbing a little , go to hibbs . burke turn in at the library . hibbs and Lucy go out to the veranda . 192 int . library full shot burke , come in , stand for a moment , then step over to the desk and pick up one of the volume on vampire . with this in he hand , he go over to a chair by the window , where the sunlight be come in and sit down . 193 ext . veranda close shot Lucy and hibbs , as she tell he what happen . hibbs get over : " I will go to he , tell he . " she hold he arm . " no , no you can not . " 194 int . library close shot burke , turn and look out of the window . then , with a little sigh for he advance age and he incapacity for romance , he take out he glass , put they on and start to read from the book . after a moment , he glance up from the book into the room . 195 int . library mo . shot Sir James have come into the library . burke , look up , tell he he have be read something about protective measure . he show a passage in the book to Sir James : insert : page in Old English : a wreath of tube-rose at the window , a sword across the door will make it impossible for the vampyr to enter a sleep room at night . fade out on insert 196 fade in int . lucy room full shot night burke , Sir James , hibbs and Lucy . hibbs be read from one of the ancient book at a table . Lucy be place a wreath of tube- rose at the window . there be a sword on the table . Lucy turn and tell they : " that 's do , " come down to the table . hibbs , pick up the sword and the book , rise . he and burke start toward the door . Sir James turn to say good night to Lucy . 197 int . lucy room close shot night Sir James say good night to Lucy , say it tenderly , he devotion in he eye . 198 int . lucy room close shot night hibbs and burke at the open door , wait . it be evident that hibbs , who be look back , see Sir James ' tenderness , he love for Lucy . hibbs be troubled . 199 int . lucy room close shot night Sir James and Lucy , as he bend over and kiss she gently , with a fatherly kiss , and turn and exit . Lucy turn away , back into the room with bow head . 200 int . lucy room close shot night at the door , as Sir James come in , go out of the door after burke . hibbs look back in the room toward Lucy , troubled , he love in he eye , then turn and go out , start to close the door behind he . 201 int . upper hall mo . shot night outside door to Lucy 's room , as Sir James say good night to burke in f£.g. , while hibbs fasten the sword to the door over the keyhole . hibbs turn to burke and they exit together toward hibbs ' room . 202 int . upper hall mo . shot night at door to hibbs ' room , as burke and hibbs come in . hibbs open the door and turn to say good night . burke indicate that he would like to talk to he . hibbs say " come in , " and they exit to hibbs ' room . 203 int . hibb ' room full shot night the room be dark as hibbs and burke come in . there be a shaft of moonlight through a window upon the bed . hibbs switch on the electric light . they go over and sit on the bed . 204 int . hibb ' room night close shot the two man as they sit on the bed . burke say to he : title : " now about you and miss Lucy 's brother , Harry - - " back to scene : hibbs turn sharply , stare at burke . burke go on regardless : title : " you do not like each other very much do you ? " back to scene : hibbs be about to resent this question , but there be a force in burke 's direct gaze that he cannot resist . so , after a moment , he answer : title : " he object to my caring for Lucy . he think I be not good enough for she -- CUT from title to : 205 int . hibb ' room night close up hibbs , as he finish title , look out of scene at burke . 206 int . hibb ' room close up night burke stare steadily at he , a intense light in he eye . 207 int . hibb ' room night close up hibbs , unable to stand unflinch the direct gaze , look away , look down at he wristwatch . insert : wristwatch . time -- 10:13 back to scene : he look up again at burke . 208 int . hibb ' room night large close up burke , with eye light so that they seem to dart fire . the eye start now to revolve , slowly . fade out 209 fade in int . hibb ' room close shot night the electric light be out . burke be lie on the bed in the shaft of moonlight , asleep . he stir a little , turn over , into the shadow . a dim figure back to the camera , tip in , lean over the bed . burke turn back again into the light . the figure withdraw . burke sit up , suddenly stare off scene , whip up a pistol from the bed and fire out of scene . ( burke wear pajama jacket . otherwise , he be completely dress . ) 210 int . hibb ' room mo . shot night a dim figure back to camera , disappear through the open door . 211 int . hibb ' room mo . shot night at bed , as burke leap to he foot , pistol in hand , and rush out of scene . 212 int . upper hall semi full shot night the hall be empty . burke , rush out from hibbs ' room , pistol in hand , stop , look around . the door to Sir James ' room be suddenly throw open and Sir James rush out , demand : " what be it ? what 's the matter ? " burke go quickly down to he . 213 int . upper hall close shot night Sir James , as burke come in . Sir James demand " what happen ? " Sir James be in a bathrobe , which he now tie around he , as though he have be suddenly awaken and have slip it on very hurriedly before rush out . burke tell he about something that come into the room , where he be sleep . Sir James be aghast . burke to calm he , say : title : '' probably my imagination , Sir James . go back to bed . " back to scene : burke open the door to Sir James and usher Sir James in . he close the door , turn , with pistol ready , and exit from scene , down the hall . 214 int . upper hall mo . shot night burke , come in , look at the floor , suddenly kneel to the floor . 215 int . upper hall close up night burke , kneel on floor , inspect the floor . insert : some drop of blood on floor . back to scene : burke put he finger in one of the drop and hold it up . Fresh blood . he think a moment , then start to rise . 216 int . upper hall ( night ) mo . shot burke , rise , exit through the open door back to hibbs 's room . 217 int . hibb ' room ( night ) full shot burke , come in from hall , switch on the light . it be now see that he have hibbs in a hypnotic trance , lie cover by a blanket on a couch in a corner . burke go over , look at hibbs a moment , then straighten out the bed that he have himself occupy , take off he pajama jacket and put on he coat . then he step over , speak to hibbs . hibbs rise and go over to the bed and sit on it , just as he be sit before the last fade out . burke sit down beside he . 218 int . hibb ' room ( night ) close shot burke and hibbs be on the bed as burke look at he with pierce eye . hibbs be stare straight ahead of he . now burke speak to he sharply . hibbs start , and a transformation take place . he come out of the hypnotic trance , realize he surroundings , look at burke and say : title : " I must have fall asleep . " back to scene : burke nod " yes " and then get over to he that he would better be get to bed . say this burke rise . 219 int . hibb ' room ( night ) semi full shot burke , rise , say good night and go out the door . hibbs , still a little daze , rub he eye , get up and go over to a dresser . 220 int . hibb ' room ( night ) close up hibbs at the dresser . he stand there for a moment think . he stifles a yawn . then he look at he wristwatch . insert : cu wristwatch time : 2:30 back to scene : hibbs be puzzle . he must have sleep hour . that 's queer . he stand think a moment , then dismiss the problem with a shrug and reach into a drawer of the dresser and get out a photograph . he look at it . insert : photograph of Lucy . back to scene : hibbs look at the picture fondly , greatly troubled . he decide to see if she be all right . he turn , put the picture back into the drawer and start out . 221 int . hibb ' room ( night ) full shot hibbs , go softly , but quickly , out the door . 222 int . upper hall ( night ) semi full shot hibbs , come out of he door , tiptoe quickly over to the door to Lucy 's room . 223 int . upper hall ( night ) close shot at Lucy 's door , as hibbs come in . the sword have go from its place over the keyhole where hibbs himself place it . this he notice now with a start of alarm . he look down to see if it have fall . no sword . in genuine anxiety now , he knock on the door and call : title : " Lucy ! " back to scene : he wait . no answer . he knock harder . he call again , more loudly . frantic , he try the door , bang it , call to she in a loud voice . he throw he shoulder against the door . it give a little . 224 int . upper hall ( night ) mo . shot take in door to Sir James ' and burke 's room . both door open and burke and Sir James appear . they start forward , in excitement . ( both be fully dress . ) 225 int . upper hall ( night ) mo . shot hibbs throw he weight against the door . it crash open as burke and Sir James come into scene . hibbs rush into the room . 226 int . lucy room ( night ) full shot the room in darkness , hibbs rush in . Sir James and burke follow . burke switch on the light . the room be empty . hibbs rush to the dress room door , look in there , turn back : " empty ! " 227 int . balfour house ( night ) semi full shot the great room downstairs . the Stranger , the man identify as Roger balfour , be sit in the chair at the table . sitting with he back to the camera be the man in the beaver hat . Lucy , in a white thin negligee , be be lead into the room by the bat girl . she start toward the Stranger at the table with uncertain step , then stop . 228 int . balfour house ( night ) close up Lucy , stare out of scene , she lip tremble . 229 int . balfour house ( night ) close up the Stranger at the table , look out of scene at she with large , spectral eye , a bullet wound in he temple , the pallor of death on he face . 230 int . balfour house ( night ) mo . shot the two of they , motionless for a few foot . then Lucy start suddenly forward , kneel at the Stranger 's foot . 231 int . balfour house ( night ) close up the Stranger , look down at she with eye of pity , say no word , 232 int . balfour house ( night ) close up Lucy , look up tremulously . when she raise she eye , as if in a prayer , and say : title : '' Father ! Father ! I be do this for you ! " back to scene : she finish title . 233 int . balfour house ( night ) semi full shot the Stranger put he hand on Lucy 's head , the bat girl at one side , the man in the beaver hat sit watch they . the whole effect be strange , fantastic , creepy . 234 int . lucy room ( night ) mo . shot the three man , burke , Sir James , hibbs . burke be at the open window , look out , as though for something he might be expect . hibbs be talk wildly to Sir James . he cry out : title : '' they be vampyr , I tell you , and I be go to destroy they -- the way the book say -- " back to scene : he finish title and turn and run madly out of the scene , for the time be a maniac . burke turn quickly down from the window to Sir James , indicate off and say : title : " they be come ! " CUT from title to : 235 int . lucy room ( night ) close shot burke and Sir James , as burke finish title , indicate off toward the window . " who ? " gasp Sir James in he astonishment . burke reply quickly , he manner brisk and business like . title : '' the Scotland yard man you write for . " back to scene : he finish title . Sir James ' relief be prodigious . they start out toward the door . 236 ext . hamlin house ( night ) semi long shot a English car , turn in at the gate , drive toward the house . 237 int . hibb ' room ( night ) mo . shot hibbs , feverishly finger the page of the ancient book until he find what he want , read : insert : page in old English : the one certain method , which never fail , be to drive a hickory stake through the heart of the vampyr . back to scene : hibbs look up , look wildly around the room , as though there might be a hickory stake there somewhere , then turn and run out the door . 238 int . lower hall hamlin house ( night ) mo . shot burke , open the door , admit four burly Scotland yard man . with Sir James , they all exit to the library . 239 int . servant quarter ( night ) semi full shot miss smithson and the other servant be huddle together , scared half to death . they turn and scream as the door be flung open and hibbs , wild - eye and breathless , burst into the room . see who it be they subside . he tell they that he have get to have a ax and a hickory stake . one of the man hand he a hand - ax from the wood box by the stove . he look at a chair -- it be not hickory . wildly , he turn to the table , inspect it . with the ax he start to knock one of the leg off the table . 240 int . library ( night ) mo . shot Sir James sit at the desk , the four Scotland yard man and burke stand , as burke be crisply tell they of the extraordinary event . they listen like good soldier , but solid as they be , they can not escape a gasp or two of surprise . 241 int . servant quarter ( night ) mo . shot hibbs , finish sharpen the end of a table leg to a point . with this in one hand and the ax in the other , he run out the back door . miss smithson slam it after he and nervously fix the latch . 242 int . servant hall ( night ) close up miss smithson nervously fix the latch . her hand shake so that she have to make two or three attempt before she get it . then she turn , sink back against the door , breathe deeply , she eye bulg . her whole attitude convey that she think she have a narrow escape while the door be open . 243 int . library ( night ) mo . shot burke turn from the four Scotland yard man to Sir James at the desk , draw up a chair to the end of the desk so that they be face each other . 244 int . library ( night ) close up burke and Sir James , as burke sit down , face Sir James . he study Sir James for a moment , then say : title : " have you get a gun ? " back to scene : for answer , Sir James reach into a drawer of the desk and take out a large Army revolver . burke look at it and put it aside , say : title : " you have get to have one you can be sure will shoot . " CUT from title to : 245 int . library ( night ) mo . shot the group , as burke finish title , rise and turn to the four Scotland yard man . one of they take a automatic pistol from he pocket and hand it to burke . burke give this to Sir James and tell he to put it in he pocket . Sir James do so . burke start to sit down again . 246 int . library ( night ) close up burke and Sir James , as burke sit down , face Sir James . burke start to talk to he and as he talk he eye take on a intense pierce quality . he stop talk , hold Sir James ' gaze with he own for a few foot while neither man move a muscle . then burke turn easily away , lean back for a moment , relaxed . James continue to sit without move . burke then reach over and pick up a desk clock . he turn the hand back and set it down on the desk again . Sir James look at it . insert : desk clock time : 8:15 back to scene : Sir James look up from the clock . burke tell he : title : " at 8:25 , leave here and come to the side door of balfour House . " back to scene : he finish title , study Sir James for a moment , and then rise . 247 int . library ( night ) semi full shot burke , rise , pay no further attention to Sir James , who sit stare at the clock . with a gesture to the man to follow , burke exit briskly from the library . the four Scotland yard man go out after he . 248 ext . balfour house ( night ) semi long shot with gate in f.g. , as hibbs , carry he stake and ax , come in , stop for a moment , look in toward the house and all around the garden , then start in toward the house , slip from clump to clump of shrubbery . 249 ext . balfour garden ( night ) close shot hibbs , come behind a clump of shrubbery , drop down suddenly , as though hearing something off toward the house . 250 ext . balfour house ( night ) close up door to the side veranda , as it start slowly to open . Lucy appear in the doorway , behind she the ominous figure of the Stranger , with face so white and the bullet wound in he temple . she stop in the doorway . he stop . 251 ext . balfour garden ( night ) close up hibbs , in the clump of brush , as he cautiously raise himself and look off . he stare , suddenly see : 252 ext . door ( night ) mo . shot Lucy stand in the doorway , look out into the night . the Stranger directly behind she . she do not move . but the Stranger take a step closer to she and lean over with he face Close to hers . 253 ext . door ( night ) close up Lucy and the Stranger , as he ghastly face come very close to hers . still she do not move , but look off into the night . 254 ext . garden ( night ) close up flash hibbs stare off . his grip tighten on he stake and ax , and the look in he eye be terrible to see . 255 ext . door ( night ) close up Lucy and the Stranger , with he face just behind hers and very close to she . he whisper in she ear . title : " tell he to go , Lucy . only harm can come to he here . " back to scene : he finish title . Lucy nod solemnly . 256 ext . garden ( night ) close shot flash of hibbs stare . he start forward . 257 ext . door and veranda ( night ) mo . shot the Stranger draw back quickly into the room as Lucy step out onto the veranda . the Stranger close the door . hibbs come in below she , on the ground , call : " Lucy ! Lucy ! " 258 ext . garden night close up hibbs , look up at she , say she name , softly but with tragic earnestness . 259 ext . veranda ( night ) close up Lucy , look down at he , a large pity in she eye , as she tell he : title : " gol ... .~. go ! " back to scene : she finish title . 260 ext . garden ( night ) close up hibbs , stare up at she , say the same . " Lucy ! Lucy ! " 261 ext . veranda ( night ) mo . shot the door open and the bat girl , in she black dress , with she face so white , come out softly to Lucy , put a arm around she shoulder and slowly start back into the house with she . 262 ext . garden ( night ) close up hibbs , he can only stare at this -- powerless for the moment to act . his eye follow they to the door . 263 ext . door ( night ) close up Lucy and the bat girl go slowly through the door . it close behind they . 264 ext . garden ( night ) mo . shot hibbs , stand motionless , stare after they as one from whom the power to move have be take . suddenly he start out through the brush , along the side of the house . 265 int . hamlin library ( night ) close shot Sir James , sit just as we leave he stare at the desk clock . insert : desk clock time 8:25 back to scene : Sir James start to rise . 266 int . hamlin library ( night ) full shot Sir James , rise , go directly out the door . 267 int . lower hall hamlin house ( night ) mo . shot the butler be wait with Sir James ' hat and stick , very evidently by arrangement with burke . Sir James , come out from the library , take he hat and stick from the butler , say : title : " I be go over to call upon my old friend Roger balfour . " back to scene : the butler bow solemnly to this , hold the door open while Sir James go out . 268 ext . balfour house ( night ) close shot burke slip in a back door of the house . 269 ext . balfour house ( night ) mo . shot hibbs , come cautiously around a corner of the house , look up toward the window . 270 int . upper room of house ( night ) med.shot man with beaver hat , back to camera , burke come in . the man with the beaver hat turn and be now see to be a different person from the man that rent the house . without a word he whip off the inverness coat and hat and hand they to burke . burke start to make himself up as the other character -- the man in the beaver hat , as we first see he face to face , when he rent the house . 271 ext . balfour house ( night ) mo . shot hibbs , climb up a side of the house to look in through a window . he see : 272 int . balfour house ( night ) mo . shot Lucy and the bat girl alone in the great room . the bat girl be start to undo Lucy 's dress at the neck . 273 int . balfour house ( night ) close up hibbs , look in through the break window . to he , this can mean only one thing -- the girl in black be a vampyr -- she be go to put that sharp tooth in Lucy 's throat -- | with the stake , he smashes at the window . 274 int . balfour house ( night ) close shot Lucy and the bat girl , as they wheel , stare off toward the window . 275 int . balfour house ( night ) med.shot hibbs plunging in through the window . 276 int . balfour house ( night ) semi full shot the great room , as the bat girl quickly rush Lucy off behind some portiere . as hibbs rush in that direction , the three man of the balfour House entourage leap out from place of hide and seize he . they have rope and a gag . 277 int . balfour house ( night ) close shot hibbs , struggle in the grip of the three man . hibbs be a maniac and the struggle be brief but fierce . they wrench the stake and ax from he , hurl they to one side . they start to bind he . 278 int . balfour house ( night ) close shot Lucy and the bat girl behind portiere . the bat girl be hold she , tell she not to interfere . but Lucy must see . she pull the portiere aside a little , look out . 279 int . balfour house ( night ) mo . shot the three man and hibbs . they have he on the floor , bind he tight , put a gag in he mouth . 280 int . balfour house ( night ) close shot Lucy and the bat girl , behind the portiere . Lucy turn back , hide she face with she hand . the bat girl , she manner business - like , start again to undo Lucy 's dress from the shoulder . 281 int . balfour house ( night ) full shot of the great room , as the three man carry hibbs out of the room . as they exit , at the top of the stair appear the man in the beaver hat . he start slowly down the stair . 282 int . balfour house ( night ) close shot with travel camera , of the man in the beaver hat as he come slowly , with awful purpose in he eye , down the step . he stop at the landing , he eye search the room . 283 int . balfour house ( night ) mo . shot door or portier exit through which hibbs be take by the three man . the three now reappear . they stop , look off toward the stair . 284 int . balfour house ( night ) close up the man in the beaver hat , stare out of scene at they with pierce eye . he give a order . 285 int . balfour house ( night ) semi full shot there be sudden activity on the part of the three man . the Stranger move over to the table , fix the chair there in exactly the right position , then sit down . ( the bullet wound do not appear on he temple now , though we make no point of its not be there . ) another of the three man slip on a butler 's coat and take up a position by the side door . the third man withdraw . the man in the beaver hat , who have be watch this from the landing of the stair , now come down and view the set , suggest a change or two , perhaps here and there . 286 int . balfour house ( night ) close shot behind portiere , as the bat girl finish hook up a simple little dress ( the sort that would be wear by a girl of thirteen or so ) on Lucy . Lucy 's hair be now down , as a child would wear it . 287 int . balfour house ( night ) semi full shot everything appear to be to the satisfaction of the man in the beaver hat now . he step over to the portiere . 288 int . balfour house ( night ) close shot at portiere , as the man in the beaver hat speak softly . Lucy appear through the portiere , look now like a girl of thirteen , in she child 's dress with she hair down . she look at the man in the beaver hat , unafraid . gravely he nod . that be the way he want she to appear . they start out from scene . 289 ext . balfour gate ( night ) medium shot Sir James , come in , turn at the gate , and without even look up at the house or without falter in the slight , start toward the veranda and side door . 290 int . balfour house ( night ) semi full shot the man in the beaver hat be come down from the portiere with Lucy . he place she at a end of the table and give she a book to look at . 291 ext balfour veranda ( night ) mo . shot Sir James come with unhesitate step along the veranda , work the knocker on the door . 292 int . balfour house ( night ) semi full shot all inside hear the knocker and turn . with a gesture , the man in the beaver hat wave all out of the room except the Stranger and Lucy at the table and the man in the butler 's coat . then he ( the man in the beaver hat ) duck quickly behind the portiere . the butler go to the door . 293 int . balfour house ( night ) close shot at door , as the butler open it and Sir James step in , he hand he hat and stick to the butler with a grave nod and exit into the room . 294 int . balfour house ( night ) medium shot the Stranger and Lucy at the table . the Stranger say : " good evening , James " Lucy get up and come to Sir James in f£.g . he turn and put he arm around she say : title : " my ! my ! what a big girl you be get to be , Lucy . " CUT from title to : 295 int . balfour house ( night ) close up Sir James and Lucy , as he finish title , stroking she hair , look down at she fondly . 296 int . balfour house ( night ) close up at portiere , as they part slightly and the man in the beaver hat peer out with pierce eye . 297 int . balfour house ( night ) mo . shot Sir James , the Stranger and Lucy , as Sir James hold Lucy off at arm 's length , look at she , at the sweet girlhood of she . the Stranger watch they morosely . Sir James turn to he say : title : " you seem despondent , Roger . " back to scene : the Stranger nod . Lucy step quickly , impetuously over to he , put a arm around he . 298 int . balfour house ( night ) close up Lucy and the Stranger , as she put she arm over he , lovingly , kissing he on the forehead . he pat she hand , tell she it 's nothing . 299 int . balfour house ( night ) close up Sir James , watch they , he eye narrowing as he look , a little . 300 int . balfour house ( night ) close up Lucy and the Stranger , as he tell she , gently : title : " it 's get late , Lucy -- say good night to Sir James . " CUT from title to : 301 int . balfour house ( night ) med.shot the three of they as the Stranger finish title . Lucy give he a good night kiss , then step over to Sir James , hold up she lip to he . Sir James kiss she and she run out of scene . Sir James stand look off after she . the Stranger watch he sullenly . Sir James turn back now to the Stranger , draw up the chair , and sit down at the table , face he . 302 int . balfour house ( night ) close up the man in the beaver hat peer through the portiere . he part they a little more , bring he whole face into view -- the face with the pallor of death , as expressionless as a mask . 303 int . balfour house ( night ) close up Sir James and the Stranger at the table . Sir James lean over and say : title : " you may as well understand , Roger , that as soon as she come of age , I mean to have she . " back to scene : the Stranger pound he fist on the table and say : " no , by God ! " they look straight into each other 's eye for a moment , then the Stranger say : title : " I trust you , James hamlin , and you have steal from I vight and leave . " CUT from title to : 304 int . balfour house ( night ) mo . shot the two man , as the Stranger , finish the title , start to rise . before he can do so , Sir James have leap to he foot and draw he pistol . they rush into a clinch , a struggle . 305 int . balfour house ( night ) close up at portiere , the man in the beaver hat -- flash 306 int . balfour house ( night ) close shot Sir James and the Stranger , as the Stranger fall out of scene . Sir James stand with smoking pistol in he hand . he stare down at he . he lean down out of scene . 307 int . balfour house ( night ) close shot the Stranger on the floor as dead . Sir James lean into scene with pistol in he hand . he take out a handkerchief , wipe off the handle of the pistol and put it into the Stranger 's right hand . he start up again . 308 int . balfour house ( night ) semi full shot the body on the floor , Sir James back away to the portiere behind which the man in the beaver hat be hide . 309 int . balfour house ( night ) mo . shot at portiere as Sir James back in . he be about to back through the portiere when two Scotland yard man step out and grab he . the man in the beaver hat come out , step up to Sir James , face he . 310 int . balfour house ( night ) close shot the man in the beaver hat and Sir James , as the man speak to he sharply . Sir James go quickly through the transformation of come out of a hypnotic trance . he stare at the man in the beaver hat , say dazedly : title : " have I be asleep ? " CUT from title to : 311 int . balfour house ( night ) close up Sir James as he finish title dazedly . 312 int . balfour house ( night ) close up the man in the beaver hat , as he say , crisply : title : " no , and neither have I . " CUT from title to : 313 int . balfour house ( night ) close shot the two of they as the man in the beaver hat finish title and reach over and rip up the sleeve of Sir James ' coat . the man in the beaver hat say , dryly : title : " I think I clipped you one tonight . " CUT from title to : 314 int . balfour house ( night ) close up the man in the beaver hat , as he finish title , and through he make - up come a expression that be undeniably that of burke , the detective . 315 int . balfour house ( night ) close up Sir James , stare at he , get who he be slowly . he blurt out : title : " burke of scotland yard ! " CUT from title to : 316 int . balfour house ( night ) close shot the two of they , as burke take off he wig and bow : " at you service . " 317 int . balfour house ( night ) mo . shot the Stranger get up from the floor , unhurt , inspect the gun in he hand with a grin , exite . 318 int . upper room ( night ) mo . shot the bat girl and the butler , with a trunk in f.g. plainly : " lunette , the Flying woman , theatre " . she be pack the trunk . the man be take down wire from the ceiling . she look up at he and say : title : " it 's back to the music ' all , Jimmy , I bye . " back to scene : he answer : title : " and I will sye this be the goofiest engigement we ever play . " back to scene : they go back to they work briskly . 319 int . balfour house ( night ) mo . shot in great room downstairs , as Sir James , on the order of burke , sit down at the table and start to write a confession . Lucy and hibbs , with miss smithson , come in at the end of the table . the Scotland yard man be at the bg . 320 int . balfour house ( night ) close shot burke and Sir James , as burke tell he crisply : title : " a full confession , Sir James -- include the murder of young Harry balfour . " back to scene : burke finish title and exit toward Lucy . 321 int . balfour house ( night ) close shot hibbs , Lucy , miss smithson , as burke come in miss smithson laugh , say : title : '' that be sure a whopper , chief , you have I tell about the keyhole . " back to scene : burke laugh , then turn to hibbs and Lucy . they be look at he in wonder . Lucy be radiant . after a moment , burke tap hibbs on the shoulder and say : title : " my advice to you , Mr. hibbs , be -- stay away from vampire . " CUT from title to : 322 int . balfour house ( night ) close up burke , as he pause , look at hibbs quizzically . 323 int . balfour house ( night ) close up hibbs and Lucy , he arm about she , hibbs look a little foolish . 324 int . balfour house ( night ) close up burke , as he say : title : " I do not mean the kind of vampire you mean , either -- CUT from title to : 325 int . balfour house ( night ) close shot the three of they as burke finish title , smile dryly , and add : title : " this be the twentieth century . " back to scene : he finish title , the two look at he in wonder and admiration , as fade out