" lone STAR " by John sayle ext . TEXAS scrub -- day two man in short and Hawaiian shirt be poke around a sandy section in the middle of scrub flat . sergeant cliff pott be in the f.g. , a plant - and - tree guidebook in hand , as sergeant " mikey " hogan work a metal detector over a large , sandy bank in the b.g. both be Army career man with a morning off to pursue they hobby . cliff we get ocotillo , devil 's walk stick -- what 's this stuff -- it 's that whattayoucallit- - horse-crippler . mikey bend to scoop something out of the sand , put it in a canvas bag sling on he hip . mikey this place be a gold mine . cliff lead mine . mikey see that cliff be talk , pull he headset off . mikey what ? cliff it 's a lead mine . mikey right . cliff I do not know why I be talk to you , you have get that thing on you head . mikey you find lot of cactus and shit ? cliff it 's not just cactus . there 's the nopal , the yuccas -- mikey ( put headset on ) look like a lot of cactus to I . cliff ( grumble ) man know a hundred - fifty variety of beer , he can not tell a poinsettia from a prickly pear . mikey ( Troubled ) cliff -- cliff you live in a place , you should know something about it . explore -- mikey cliff -- cu mikey mikey in the f.g. now , look down at something as he pull he headset off again -- mikey cliff , you gotta look at this -- cliff wearily turn and approach from the b.g. cliff do not tell I -- Spanish treasure , right ? piece of eight from the coronado expedition -- he stop by mikey and look down , he expression change cliff Jesus -- ground -- cu bone stick out from the sand bank be the skeletal bone of a man' hand . there be a ring on one finger . mikey ( o.s. ) be coronado in the mason ? ext . road -- day a distant cloud of dust appear on the horizon music underscore that we be in Texas , and we superimpose the open credit as the dust take form around a approaching car . the car come close enough to see it have a County sheriff 's insignia on the side . int . car we see SAM deed , the sheriff , drive . Sam be 40 , quietly competent to the point of seem a bit moody . he see something up ahead . music , credit end as Sam pull off the road and we see the sergeant stand in the scrub . ext . scrub -- day -- bone the hand and forearm down to the elbow of the skeleton be visible now . wider cliff stand look at the arm with Sam . mikey be a few yard behind they , play with he metal detector . Beyond he we see the sheriff 's car park . SAM I be drive back from Apache Wells when they get I on the radio . cliff this be a rifle range way back when . but we figure it be not Army land anymore , it 's you jurisdiction . SAM ( nod ) I have get the forensics fella come down from the ranger . no way to know how old the body be without some lab work . cliff that ring -- SAM mason be around a long while . mikey have come up to they , still sweeping with the metal detector . SAM treasure hunter ? cliff ( apologetic ) Old bullet . he uhm -- make art with they . Sam just nod . mikey frown , go down on one knee and scratch something out of the dirt at they foot -- cliff the sheriff say we should not touch anything , mikey ( to Sam ) he can not hear with that rig on -- mikey ! mikey come up with something , hold it before they . a encrust piece of metal -- mikey what have we get here ? Sam take the thing , lay it back down where mikey find it . SAM s'pose to leave everything right where we find it . they be real particular about that . mikey the scene of the crime . SAM no tell yet if there 's be a crime . Sam frown down at the piece of metal as he rub the face of it . cu metal Sam 's thumb wipe across the face of the encrust metal . it be roughly star-shape . SAM ( o.s. ) but this country 's see a good number of disagreement over the year . int . high school classroom -- day -- TEXAS map we look at a beautiful old pull - down map of Texas . pilar ( o.s. ) we do the best we can here -- a teacher in she late 30 , pilar cruz , step in front of the map and we follow she across the room , carry a poster pilar -- but hey , public education this day be a bit of a battleground . poster hang on the wall beyond she show luminary from Texas history -- Sam Houston , Stephen Austin , Juan seguin . a new parent , celie payne , stand in the middle of the otherwise empty classroom . celie he go to school on base when we be in Okinawa . it 's all -- you know -- kid in the same boat -- Army brat . pilar his record show that he 's a good student . celie I be more worried about the social thing . be therelike -- gang , or ...? pilar start to put the poster up . celie move to hold it in place for she . pilar we have not have any serious violence , if that 's what you mean . we have get a pretty lively mix though -- you walk into the cafeteria and the anglo kid be in one section , the mexican kid in another and the Black kid have a table in the back -- thanks -- celie so black be -- pilar they're the smallest group except for a couple kickapoo kid . look , you be obviously a concerned parent . Chet have no history of get into trouble -- I be happy to have he in my class . she step back to see if the poster , a old photo of geronimo , look straight . another teacher , molly stick she head in the door -- molly ( uncomfortable ) pilar , be uhm -- be amado okay ? pilar okay ? he 's not here ? molly no . be he sick ? pilar ( mutter ) he 's go to wish he be dead . ext . STREET -- day -- cu vaquero picture on the door of a deluxe pickup truck be a airbrush picture of a pancho villa-look vaquero with bandolier crossing he chest and a gun blaze in each hand . we hear loud music -- amado ( o.s. ) Luis ! give I that Phillips -head back -- wider a small group of teenage chicano boy hang around the truck in the bed , on the hood , lean against it . a boombox place on top of the cab blast rancha music out at the neighborhood . somebody 's leg be hang out the open passenger - side door . the kid suddenly look as a sheriff 's Department car slide into the f.g. a deputy sheriff , travis , get out . kide try to look tough and unworry as we track across the street toward they . Travis 's hand reach out from behind the camera to flick the music off . int . pickup amado cruz , pilar 's 15 - year-old son , lie on the front seat install a compact disc player into the dash slot . he reach up to the dash , can not find what he want . amado somebody hand I the CD player -- damelo pendejo -- he look up and we tilt to see Travis lean in the window , examine the new radio travis they come a long way from that old 8 - track job , have not they ? amado something wrong ? travis ( wave radio ) this be steal property . alla you fella be come down to the station . int . cafe santa barbara -- afternoon -- enrique sweat bead the forehead of a thin , tired - look recent immigrant , enrique , as he deliver platter of chile relleno to a booth . mexican music play on a jukebox in the b.g. we hold on the booth , where hollis pogue , in he 60 entertain two good old boy -- hollis so buddy walk up to the porch and there 's old fishbait mchenry , cleanin ' the dirt out he toenail with a pocketknife - - he be the most hygienic of all the mchenry -- the breakfast companion be laugh already -- hollis " fishbait , " say buddy , in that quiet way of he , " what you know about they tire that go miss from market ? " fishbait think for a minute , then he lift up a loose board from the porch floor and call down into it , " C 'mon out , pooter , they catch we ! " fenton ( laugh ) buddy deed . he have a way . hollis he know who it be onnacouna the tire track in the dirt from the back of the garage to where they load up . " Old fishbait , " he say , " never lift a thing in this world if there be a way he could roll it . " more laughter -- fenton wo not be another like he . that boy of he do not come near it . you ask I , he 's all hat and no cattle SAM ( o.s. ) fellas -- we widen to see Sam stand by they booth . no tell how long he 's be listen , fenton be embarrassed . hollis Sam ! I be just tell a few about you old man . fenton he be a unique individual . SAM yeah , he be that . we sense a little strain when Sam have to talk about he father -- hollis Big day come up -- I wish we would have think of it while he be still live . but he go so unexpected . fenton better late than never . Korean War hero , sheriff for near thirty year -- buddy deed Memorial p -- SAM I hear there be a bit of a fuss . hollis oh , you know , the usual troublemaker . Danny padilla from the sentinel , that crowd . fenton every other damn thing in the country be call after Martin luther King , they can not let we side have one measly park ? hollis King be not mexican , fenton - - fenton bad enough all the street name be in Spanish -- SAM they be here first . fenton then name it after Big Chief shitinabucket ! whoever that tonkawa fella be . he have the mex beat by century . hollis there be a faction pull for that boy who be kill in the Gulf War -- ruben -- SAM -- santiago . hollis right . but nobody here ever notice he till they read he name on the national news -- fenton they just want it to be one of theirs -- hollis that 's not the whole story . the mexican that know , that remember , understand what buddy be for they people . Hell , it be mercede over there who swing the decide vote for he . Sam look to the register where pilar 's mother , mercede cruz , whacks roll of change apart on the counter . she seem to be avoid look toward he . SAM that so ? hollis she put it even at three to three , so as the Mayor I get to cast the tiebreaker . the older generation will not have any problem with it . they remember how buddy come to be sheriff , that it be all ' cause he take they part . fenton tell that one , hollis - - hollis Hell , everybody hear that story a million time . SAM I would like to hear it . you version of it . something about the way Sam say it put hollis on guard . fenton go ahead , hollis . cu hollis hollis be hook into it now -- hollis the two of we be the only deputy back then I and buddy -- it 's what -- ' 58 -- fenton ( o.s. ) ' 57 , 1 believe - - hollis and the sheriff at the time be Big charley Wade . charley be one of you old - fashioned bribe - or-bullet kind of sheriff , he take a healthy bite out of whatever move through this county . he look down at the table -- hollis it be in here one night , back when Jimmy herrera run the place . start right here in this booth . we pan down to the table , the food have change . the tortilla be in a straw basket instead of plastic . the jukebox change to another song and the light dim slightly . a hand with a big masonic ring on one finger appear to lift a tortilla -- underneath it lie three ten-dollar bill . the hand lift they up and we tilt to see the face of sheriff charley WADE , a big , mean redneck with shrewd eye . it be 1957 -- WADE ( grin ) this beaner fare do not agree with I , but the price sure be right . wider Wade sit across from he young deputy , young hollis ( 30 ) and buddy deed ( 20 ) . a chicken -fried steak sit untouched in front of buddy . hollis have the anxious look of a errand boy , while buddy be self - contain and quietly forceful for he age . buddy what 's that for ? WADE Jimmy get a kitchen full of wetback , most of them relative . people breed like chicken . buddy so ? WADE I roust some muchacho on the street , do not have he papers , all he get to say be " yo trabajo para Jimmy herrera . " Wade fold the money and stuff if in he pocket -- WADE you get to keep the wheel grease , son . sheriff do he job right , everybody make out . now this be gonna be one of you pickup , buddy . first of the month , just like the rent . get the car , hollis . Wade and hollis slide out of the booth to stand . buddy I be not do it . hollis stop a few foot away , shocked . Wade just stare down at buddy . WADE come again ? buddy look Wade in the eye , seemingly unafraid . buddy it 's you deal . you sweat it out of he , you pick it up . WADE there 's gonna be some leave over for you , buddy . I take care of my boy . buddy that 's not the point . WADE you feel bad for Jimmy ? have he tell you the size of the mordida they take out of he hide when he run a place on the other side . that old boy in ciudad Leon - - buddy I be not pick it up . WADE you do whatever I say you do or else you put it on the trail , son . the customer be all watch now , nervous . buddy think for a moment , not take he eye off Wade . buddy how ' bout this -- how ' bout you put that shield on this table and vanish before you end up dead or in jail ? Wade rest he hand on he pistol . it be dead silent but for the music on the box . buddy you ever shoot anybody be look you in the eye ? WADE who say anything about shootin ' anybody ? buddy have he gun out under the table . he slowly bring it up and lay it flat on the table , not take he hand off it or he eye off Wade . buddy Whole different story ; be not it ? WADE you be fire . you be outta the department . buddy there 's not a soul in this county be not sick to death of you bullshit , charley . you make yourself scarce , you could make a lot of people happy . WADE you little pissant -- buddy now or later , charley . you will not have any trouble find I . Wade feel the people around he wait for a reaction . he lean close to buddy to croak in a hoarse whisper . WADE you be a dead man . he turn and nearly bump into hollis . he give the deputy a shove . WADE get the goddamn car . we be go to roderick 's . cu buddy he watch till the screen door shut behind they , then holster he gun and begin to see at the steak as if nothing have happen . he call softly -- buddy muchacho-- mas cerveza por favor . he look up at somebody and we pan till we see Sam , still stand over the booth , listen . we be back in 1995 -- hollis ( o.s. ) " mas cerveza por favor . " fenton ( o.s. ) that buddy be a cool breeze . we pull back to see hollis and he buddy at the table , eat they lunch as they listen . fenton charley Wade be know to have put a good number of people in the ground , and you daddy get eyeball to eyeball with he . hollis we make we collection at roderick 's place and that be the last anybody see hide nor hair of he . he go miss the next day , along with ten thousand dollar in county fund from the safe at the jail . SAM never hear from he again ? hollis not a peep . buddy run the man out of town . fenton buddy deed say a thing , he damn well back it up . wo not be another like he . SAM so he arrest all of Jimmy herrera 's people and send them back to the other side ? hollis see what Sam be get at , grin -- hollis oh-- he come to a accommodation . money do not always need to change hand to keep the wheel turn . SAM right . hollis look , I know you have some problem with you father , and he and muriel - - well -- fenton you mother be a saint . hollis -- but buddy deed be my salvation . Sam nod , speak softly -- SAM wo not be another like he . ext . army installation -- day -- cu del payne colonel delmore payne ( del ) , a very direct , by -the-book Black officer , address they . artillery piece angle toward the sky behind he -- del -- it 's a honor for I to assume command of this unit , and I look forward to work with all of you . officer cliff and mikey , in uniform now , flank sergeant priscilla worth , a Black woman in she early 40s , as they stand in formation -- del ( o.s. ) I be sure you be all aware of the Army 's decision to close this installation under the reduction in Force plan . that do not mean , however -- reverse we look over the shoulder of assemble officer and ncos toward Del . del -- that we have be send here to mark time until we be absorb by another unit . cu del del you may have hear rumor that I run a very tight operation . this rumor be not exaggerated . int . sheriff' office -- afternoon -- buddy photo we be look through a magnify glass at a old photo . buddy 's face be slightly distort by the glass . secretary ( o.s. ) Sam ? I get Danny padilla from the paper for you -- Sam sit at he desk in the sheriff 's office , look down at the photo -- SAM tell he I will catch he later . cu photograph a old photo of the 1957 sheriff 's Department officer on the courthouse step . Wade , hollis , buddy , a few other , all in uniform . secretary ( o.s. ) he say he need to talk to you before the ceremony , Sam . Sam put a magnify glass over the photo and bend close to look . SAM tell he to try I tomorrow . extreme cu photo -- badge magnified Pov of the badge on Wade 's chest swim into view . a metal star . we hear the secretary get rid of the caller . secretary ( o.s. ) he think you be try to duck he . cu SAM look at the photo , troubled -- SAM ( mutter ) he 's right . ext . big o's ROADHOUSE -- night -- neon sign we start on a blinking sign -- big o's , then pan to see a full parking lot outside the low , neon - light roadhouse . r&amp ; B music blast from inside . ext . doorway -- chet chet , a Black kid around 15 , stand nervously at the door building up he courage . he take a deep breath , plunge in . int . big o's we track with Chet , very nervous , as he make he way through the crowded roadhouse . the customer be all Black , many from the nearby Army post , shout and laughing over the loud music . Chet , edgy , be look for somebody . he see ... chet' Pov -- otis see through the crush be otis " big o " payne , a large man in he early 60 , laugh as he stand behind the bar . chet he nervously put he hand under he jacket . a gun ? he push forward to get a better view . chet' Pov -- otis move in on he . otis look over , see the boy , frown -- chet reaching under he jacket , he pull out -- a photograph . he look at it -- suddenly there be a scream from behind , then gunshot , patron diving for the floor . Chet whirl around and we whip pan to see a young man , shadow , empty he pistol into richie , a young soldier , as a young woman , athena , scream and try to pull the gun away . with the last shot , shadow turn and head for the door , but be tackle and swarm by angry man , shout . we pan to Athena , kneel over the bleed , twitching body of richie - - chet Chet back up , horrify . a large hand grasp he on the shoulder from behind . he turn to see otis stand over he , strangely calm amid the chaos otis you be not in here tonight , be you ? chet no sir . otis ( point ) go out through the back . Chet hurry away . otis watch he for a moment , then turn to the mess in he club . int . auditorium -- night -- cu anglo mother a angry woman stand from she auditorium chair -- anglo mother you be just tearin ' everything down ! tearin ' down we heritage , tearin ' down the memory of people that fight and die for this land . chicano father ( o.s. ) we fight and die for this land , too ! we whip pan to see another stand parent -- chicano father we fight the U.S. Army , the Texas ranger -- anglo father ( o.s. ) yeah , but you lose , buddy ! we whip pan to a man in the rear -- anglo father winner get the brag rights , that 's how it go . principal ( o.s. ) people -- people -- wider we be in the High School auditorium , a hot-and -heavy teacher - and - parent meeting in progress . pilar sit at the end of a long table face the agitate parent , take some heat . danny padilla , a young , long -haire reporter , sit in the front take note , enjoy the show . principal I think it would be best not to put thing in term of winner and loser -- anglo mother ( point at pilar ) well , the way she 's teachin ' it have get everything switch around . I be on the textbook committee , and she version be not -- principal we think of the textbook as kind of a guide , not a absolute -- anglo mother -- it be not what we set as the standard ! now you people can believe what you want , but when it come to teach we child -- chicano mother they be we child , too ! anglo father the man who found this state have a right to have they story -- danny the man who found this state break from Mexico because they need slavery to be legal to make a fortune in the cotton business ! pilar I think that 's a bit of a oversimplification -- anglo father be you report this meeting or runnin ' it , Danny ? danny just add a little historical perspective -- rear of auditorium paloma cruz , pilar 's teenage daughter , peek into the room , then move down the side toward the stage . anglo father you may call it history , but I call it propaganda . I be sure they get they own account of the alamo on the other side , but we be not on the other side , so we be not about to have it teach in we school ! pilar there 's no reason to be so threaten by this -- pilar be try to stay calm despite she anger . pilar I have only be try to get across some of the complexity of we situation down here -- culture come together in both negative and positive way . anglo mother ( o.s. ) if you mean like music and food and all , I have no problem with that . reverse we shoot past pilar toward the parent in they seat . paloma step up to whisper to she . anglo mother -- but when you start change who do what to who . teacher we be not change anything , we be present a more complete picture . anglo mother and that 's what 's get to stop ! pilar look troubled by what she 's hear . she shoot a look toward the other at the table , then slip away with paloma -- teacher there 's enough ignorance in the world without we encourage it in the classroom -- anglo mother now who be you call ignorant ? principal folk , I know this be a very emotional issue for some of you , but we do have other business to attend to -- chicano father we be not go to get some resolution on this ? cu principal weary -- principal would you people like to form another committee ? groans from the parent -- int . sheriff' office -- night -- shadow shadow , face bruise , hand cuffed behind he , be push in through the door to be book . shadow I hope the sucker do die , man ! mess with I , that 's what you get ! Sam step in behind he and meet he Chief deputy ray hernandez , come from the other direction . ray Hospital say the other kid be in bad shape -- SAM ( glance ahead ) the shooter local ? ray ( shake he bead ) down from Houston . I think he know the girl before . SAM okay -- we will take a statement from all the gis before they go back to post . you can get the story from otis over at the club . ray any poop on the John doe you find out there today ? SAM nothin ' much . the ranger put Ben wetzel on it . catch you later . as Ray step out , pilar look distraught , walk into the station , pass right by Sam without see he . cu SAM wonder what she 's do there -- sam' Pov -- pilar she stand by a unoccupy reception desk , very upset , unable to attract anyone 's attention because of the activity around the shoot . she look tired and a bit scared under the harsh overhead light . SAM ( o.s. ) pilar . pilar and SAM pilar look around . Sam be stand by she . we can tell there be some history between this two . SAM something wrong ? pilar they have get my amado . SAM get he here ? pilar somebody call -- something about a electronics store . SAM I will see what 's go on . he start away , stop , come back -- SAM I be -- I be real sorry about nando . he be a good fella . we have not talk since . pilar we have not talk since high school . SAM yeah . I will go check on you boy . pilar watch Sam go -- rear of office Travis sit type away at a word processor as Athena , in tear , give testimony . athena -- so richie just do not say nothin ' ' cause he do not want to get into it , see , and the next thing I know there 's shot and richie be down . it happen so fast -- SAM ( o.s. ) Excuse I -- we widen to see Sam stand over the desk -- SAM we get some boy you run in earlier today ? travis yeah . I pull the bunch that hang at pico bernal 's place . we finally catch they with something . SAM you get a juvenile with ' ern -- amado Cruz ? Travis look at he book sheet -- travis yeah -- let 's see -- the other one say he be not in on the theft , he just know how to hook thing up . we have be try to contact a parent . int . jail hallway Sam walk with amado , who be try to look defiant -- SAM they tell I you be good at fix thing . nothin -- SAM you father be a hell of a mechanic . still nothing -- SAM you know , if you figure minimum wage on the time most thief spend in jail , they could have buy most everything they steal . amado I do not steal anything . SAM I do not say you do . my name be Sam , by the way . amado just give he a look -- int . sheriff' office Sam and amado step out into the office , where pilar stand wait . SAM he 's all yours . pilar be you okay ? amado I do not know what the big deal be . pilar you will find out when I get you home . thanks , Sam . SAM no problem . pilar yank amado outside by he arm . she turn to shoot a look back at Sam , then step out through the glass door . cu SAM watch she go -- SAM any time . fade out : ext . obstacle course -- morning -- pit we shoot up from a pit in the ground . whump ! whump ! whump ! Three man leap over , landing on the far side and run away from we . men Del Payne run with cliff and mikey on a pathway along a security fence , the two sergeant struggle to keep up , occasionally vaulting or scale some mild obstacle . mikey there 's not that much down here , Colonel . Big o's be the only place in the county that we African american soldier be uhm -- that they feel comfortable in . del have we have trouble there before ? cliff since I have be station here ? a fistfight now and then -- mikey we have a kid pass out in the men' room . the town be not much . del they do not come for a vacation . cliff yes sir . mikey you know how it be , Colonel - - first time away from home , deal with new people -- I remember my first hitch -- del substance abuse ? mikey well , yeah , but I go through the Program . I have not have a drink since -- del I mean on the post . in general . how be you deal with it ? cliff we throw a urine test at they once a month . random number , maybe a hundred people at a time del why do not we make it once a week for a while ? cliff no problem , sir . Del notice bow hard they be breathe -- del I sprint the last quarter mile . you gentleman do not have to keep up if you do not care to . mikey appreciate it , sir . Del accelerate and we hold with the sergeant , slow to a near-walk . mikey guy crack walnut with he asshole . cliff ( grin ) you get the feel he do not want to be here ? int . forensics lab -- various shot we hear hank Williams ' gospel song " I will have a New body ( I will have a New life ) " as we see the gather bone of the skeleton tag and photograph and measure , impression make of the dental work in the skull , photograph of the excavation of the body at various stage mark with red grease pencil , the piece of metal laid in a de-tarnish dish , the ring put under a microscope . cu metal music continue as we tighten on the piece of metal , a pair of tong pull it from the de-tarnish solution . it be a star-shape badge , bear the word " sheriff -- rio county . " int . country and western bar -- afternoon c&amp ; W music play , the regular start to show up . Sam make he way to a table where BEN wetzel , a Texas Ranger , sit with a file of forensic report . BEN Sam the man . SAM hey , Ben . thanks for come down . they shake , Sam sit . BEN how 's business ? SAM Business be booming . get you drug , get you illegal -- have a shoot the other night at Big o's -- soldier get ventilate . BEN I hear they be close that post down . SAM September ' 97 , that 's all she write . BEN gonna pull a lot of job out of this county . SAM yeah , we will have folk swim over to Mexico to work in the sweatshop . Sam look at the folder of report . SAM that the word on we boy ? BEN yeah , this be skinny . SAM skinny ? BEN we find a body , it 's either skinny or stinky , depend on how much meat there be on the bone . SAM Nice job . BEN ( open folder ) male , 40 to 50 year old , five - foot - eleven , chew tobacco - - then we get into the dental record -- SAM charley Wade . BEN ( nod ) that badge -- SAM -- it do not come out of a cereal box . BEN yeah . SAM you know the popular version of how he leave town . BEN everybody on the border know that story . SAM you get a cause of death ? BEN Skull be intact , no soft tissue leave -- not much to go on . SAM so he could have go out to the base , hop the fence , dig down into the dirt on the old rifle range and have a heart attack . Ben smile , close the folder -- BEN you uhm -- you remember what old buddy carry for a side arm ? SAM colt peacemaker . BEN a .45 -- SAM he swore by it . ( Ben frown ) what ? BEN just wonder . SAM so be buddy on you short list ? BEN if it be some poor mojado , swim across at night , get lose in the scrub and starve out there , we would not go any further . but this be a formerly prominent citizen . SAM you get to investigate . no question about it . BEN what I will do be keep name out of it till we get some answer or hit a dead end . you know how the press be with a murder story - - even if it 's forty year old . SAM yeah , it 's a pretty cold trail . they sit in awkward silence for a moment . Ben feel bad about it . BEN I remember charley Wade come to my father 's hardware store once when I be a little boy . I would hear storey how he shot this one , how he shot that one -- man wink at I and I peed in my pants . ( shake he head ) winked at I . int . classroom -- day pilar stand at the blackboard by she outline of 19th century Texas history . pilar okay , we have the fight against the Spanish with bloody conflict for dozen of year till they be finally defeat in 1821 and mexican independence be declare . anglo settler be invite -- cu drawing somebody make a skillful pencil draw on the corner of a sheet of line notebook paper . a bald , muscular shotputter after release the shot , he hand large in the f.g . pilar ( o.s. ) -- to colonize the area and by the time they begin the movement against Santa Anna they outnumber the mexican here by four to one . the war between Mexico -- chet drawing intently . he take the notebook and lay he thumb over the corner . pilar ( o.s. ) and the anglo force end in 1836 with the formation of the Texas Republic . Texas join the United States as a state where slavery be legal in 1845 -- notebook Chet " flip " the corner of the notebook and the series of drawing he 's make form a brief cartoon of the shot - putter blow he cheek out and heaving the shot right past we . extremely well - draw -- pilar ( o.s. ) after the so-called mexican war and then secede to join the confederacy in 1861 . the confederacy be beat , and the reformation period here be mark by range war and race war -- pilar look out at the class -- pilar -- and all this parallel by constant battle between both the mexican and anglo settler and the various indian nation in the area . what be we see here ? Chet ? chet startle , he hide the notebook under he hand -- chet uhm -- everybody be kill everybody else ? ext . lake -- day -- cu fishing lure a nasty-look thing . only a bass would want to eat this . hollis lean in to peer at the thing dangle before he face . wider hollis sit in the swivel chair of a bass boat tie to a dock at the lake , go through he box of lure . Sam appear on the dock and step down . SAM I always wonder what you Mayors do when you be not cut ribbon . hollis Sam ! hey podner ! you catch I play hooky -- SAM ( look across lake ) float around out here , playin ' hell with they bass -- play a little card , play a little golf , drink some beer -- hollis sound great . where do I sign up ? SAM I have not be out here for a while . hollis you go by you old house ? SAM no . hollis just as well . the new people just paint it some god-awful color -- SAM we find a body out by the Army base yesterday . be there for a long time . hollis squint at a rubber lure , reject it -- hollis be it davy crockett or Jim bowie ? SAM ( smile ) you recall if charley Wade be a mason ? hollis charley ? I believe he be . use to go for lodge meeting over to laredo . what 's he get to do with you body ? SAM all it be wear be a big old masonic ring and a Rio County sheriff badge . hollis react . Sam put a foot on the gunwale of the boat . SAM you do not remember anything else from that last night you see he , do you ? hollis I tell the story enough time -- hell , we be just in the car , he be stewing about the fight with buddy while we drive over to roderick bledsoe 's -- SAM bledso hollis he own the color roadhouse before Big o -- SAM he still live ? hollis no . I think he widow 's still in they place in darktown , though . ( shake he bead ) you think it 's charley Wade , huh ? SAM forensics people be sure of it . you have any idea who might have put he there ? hollis make a great show of consider -- SAM besides my father , I mean . hollis there 's no call for that , Sam . fella make himself a pile of enemy over the year . SAM and buddy be one of they . hollis we get that dedication tomorrow . this be a hell of a time to be draggin ' up old business . SAM people have work this whole big thing up around my father . if it 's build on a crime , they deserve to know . now I understand why you might want to believe he could not do it . hollis and I understand why you might want to think he could . this be a low blow , but accurate enough to shake Sam . SAM thanks for you time , hollis . hollis hold up a double handful of lure -- dozen of rubber and plastic worm and shiner and frog and spinner -- hollis look at all this , would you ? my tackle , the boat , all to catch a little old fish just mind its business on the bottom of the lake . he give Sam a look -- hollis hardly seem worth the effort -- do it , Sam ? Sam walk away -- int . classroom -- army base -- day -- cu athena Athena stand at attention , try to keep she composure -- cliff ( o.s. ) so you know this young man before ? athena from back in Houston . we both come up on fifth Street . priscilla ( o.s. ) do you know he be go to be there last night ? athena if I have I would not have go in . priscilla ( o.s. ) and you and private grave -- athena we be just dance -- wider cliff lean against a desk , a blackboard cover with radar diagram behind he . Priscilla sit nearby , both of they focus on Athena . priscilla we be not run a dating service here . athena I know that , sergeant . we be just dance . there be a bunch of we there . shadow just come down look for trouble . cliff it 's not we job to get involved in you personal life , but when it interfere with the training here -- athena I be sorry , sergeant Major . there be not anything I could do . shadow get crazy -- a silence as the sergeant let she stew for a moment . she work up she courage -- athena sergeant Major ? how be richie do ? private grave ? cliff he will live . priscilla he will be transfer to a military hospital as soon as he 's stabilize -- cliff he will probably be get a medical discharge -- athena out of the Army ? cliff he 's go to lose a lung . this be not good news for Athena -- athena will this go on my record ? cliff consider for a long moment -- cliff if the incident happen the way you say it do , there have not be a infraction . athena thank you , sergeant Major . cliff you be dismiss . athena thank you , sergeant Major . Athena step out of the room . cliff sit on the desk -- priscilla you spoil them , cliff . cliff hey -- she 's in a tough situation . I cut she some slack -- priscilla but I be the one in charge of she sorry ass . cliff she 's pull herself out of a pretty rough neighborhood . cross to the door -- priscilla and if she be not careful she 's gonna slide right back into it . ext . bledsoe house -- day -- rocker we start on a cu of a rocker creak back and forth on a old wooden porch . a woman hum . minnie minnie bledsoe , in she 60 , sit on she porch in the old Black section of town , play with a gameboy . she have very thick glass on . Sam walk up to she from he car -- SAM Mrs. bledsoe ? minnie that 's I . SAM I be sheriff deed -- minnie sheriff deed ' dead , honey -- you just sheriff junior . SAM ( smile ) yeah , that 's the story of my life . minnie you ever play one of this ? SAM I have see them . minnie well , do not ever start up on them , cause once you do you can not stop . I tell myself I be gonna play just three little game after breakfast , and here I sit with half the day go . SAM you mind if I ask a few question about you husband ? roderick ? minnie I will not say nothing bad about the man , but you can ask away . SAM he have the club out on the old trail road -- minnie we run that twenty - odd year . give it over to otis Payne in 1967 . April . SAM so you must remember sheriff Wade . minnie not if I can help it . SAM you have to deal with he in run the club . minnie they day , you deal with sheriff Wade or you do not deal at all . first of the month , every month , he remind you of who you really workin ' for . SAM he squeeze money out of you ? minnie be not legal to sell liquor in a glass back then unless you be a club , see . roderick use to say , " buy yourself a drink , you get a free membership . " but sheriff Wade , he could shut you down anytime . SAM and my father ? minnie sheriff buddy be a different story . Long as roderick throw he weight the right way on election day , make sure all the color get out to vote - we be call color back then , if you be polite -- maybe throw a barbecue for the right people now and then , thing be peaceful . that sheriff Wade , though , he take a awful big bite . SAM people do not complain ? minnie not if they be color or meskin . not if they want to keep breathin' . SAM do you remember the last time you see he ? minnie think , put down the gameboy -- minnie I see he in we place the last week before he go missin ' . we track in to a close - up of she . r&amp ; B music fade up slowly -- minnie he use to come in whilst we be in full swing , make people nervous . have he a smile like the grim reaper -- dissolve to : int . ROADHOUSE -- the joint be crowded , people drink , talk , laugh , a few dance , all try to avoid lock eye with sheriff Wade , who sit with he leg stretch out at a table . Young hollis sit by he , smile uncomfortably . sax - wail r&amp ; B blast from the jukebox . young otis , a slick , confident character with straighten hair and a silk shirt on , in he early 20 , stop to talk with a man on he way to bring a tray with a couple beer and glass over . minnie ( v.o. ) -- just sit back with he hand on that big ol ' gun and act the kingfish with everybody . otis Payne have come to work for we by then , and that boy have he some attitude -- cu WADE watch Young otis with narrow eye -- cu wade's Pov -- otis a man put a slip of paper in otis 's pocket , pat he back . otis wink to acknowledge the bet , turn , make eye at a pretty woman sit at the bar , who be eyeing he back . he lay the beer and glass on the table , start away . WADE pour it . otis turn , cup he hand around he ear - WADE pour it . expressionless , he start to pour the beer into Wade 's glass . the sheriff look up into he face -- WADE I know you ? young otis name 's otis . WADE otis what ? young otis Payne . WADE one of cleroe Payne 's boy ? young otis uh-huh . WADE I send you daddy to the farm once . young otis I know that . WADE why you think that be ? otis feel people watch . he do not want to lose face -- young otis some crop need pickin ' and the man be shorthand . a very insolent answer for the time and place -- WADE as I remember it be because he have a sassy mouth on he . must run in the family -- you would not be runnin ' number out of this club , now , would you , son ? young otis runnin ' number illegal . WADE runnin ' number without I know about it be both illegal and unhealthy . you remember that . the beer be pour . otis start away -- WADE whoah , son . you be not finish . pour he . young hollis I prefer it in the bottle -- WADE shut up , hollis . pour . otis meet Wade 's look now , pour the other beer -- WADE how come you do not take familiar ? young otis be away . up to Houston . WADE Houston , huh ? I hear they let you boy run wild up there . no response . Wade deliberately push the glass away so beer splashes on the table and drip into hollis 's lap -- WADE aw -- look what you do now . better get something to wipe it up , son . half the people in the room be watch now , the other half move away to relative safety . otis try to keep a lid on he temper , look around the room -- young otis you spilt it , you wipe it up . Wade stand , steely - eye , and look at otis nose to nose -- WADE I tell you to do something . be you gonna hop to it , or be we gonna have a problem ? otis be start to shake , but hold he ground -- WADE do not want to turn tail in front of you people . I understand . he start to turn away then whap ! bring the butt of he pistol up under otis 's chin , knock he to the floor . a woman scream and otis , enraged , grab the chair he have fall over , start to get up -- but Wade have the pistol levell at he face -- WADE come on , Houston , give it a try ! come to poppa -- roderick be out on the floor now , hand hold out in a gesture of peace , as young minnie watch from behind the bar , petrify -- roderick do not mind he , sheriff . Boy 's just a bit slow , be all . he do not mean nothin ' by it -- WADE that the problem , son ? you slow ? roderick otis , apologize to the sheriff -- otis ease the chair down but do not say anything -- roderick you get he too scared to peep , sheriff . maybe if you put that gun up -- WADE you tell I what to do , roderick ? roderick no , sheriff , I be just -- Wade look around , widen he eye in mock surprise -- WADE what 's this I see ? be that whiskey in they glass on the bar ? roderick , I be gonna have to cite you for a violation of state law -- roderick this be a club , sheriff - - you be in here -- WADE and people better clear out of here ! now ! a few people start for the exit . Wade swivel and blam send a bullet past minnie that shatter a crystal decanter behind the bar . people run for the door . Wade squat down to look otis in the face -- cu WADE WADE you learn how to act you place , son . this id not Houston . he stand and we follow he toward the bar -- otis ( v.o. ) ' course I be young and full of bean then -- the camera pass Wade and instead of minnie there stand otis , present day , reminisc . we be back in ' 95 -- otis I do not understand the spot I be put roderick in . SAM and that be the last time you see he ? we shift to see Sam sit where Wade be head -- otis oh -- I think he come in one more time with hollis and -- naw , you daddy be not with they . make they monthly pickup . roderick be not in so I just keep my mouth good and shut and hand over that envelope . SAM that be the night he disappear ? otis ( shake he head ) could of be . that be white people 's business . SAM and when my father be sheriff ? otis what about it ? SAM what be you deal with he ? otis smile , choose he word carefully -- otis buddy be more a part of the big picture -- county political machine , chamber of commerce , zone board if I keep that people happy , he be pretty much on my side . ( smile ) whenever somebody think -- they start up another bar for the black folk , they would be -- how should I put this ? they would be officially discourage . SAM he ever accept cash for a favor ? otis smile , look away to ponder he response -- otis I do not recall a prisoner ever die in you father 's custody . I do not recall a man in this town -- Black , White , mexican - - who would hesitate a minute before they would call on buddy deed to solve a problem . more than that I would not like to say . int . car -- late afternoon pilar drive amado and she daughter paloma home -- amado if you have you way I would not have any friend . pilar oh , come on , amado - - amado just ' cause I be not like Little miss honor Roll here -- pilar leave you sister out of it . amado you and all of the teacher in this dump -- you story 's over , so you do not want anybody else to have fun . we see on pilar 's face that he have score -- paloma you jerk -- amado I be not talk to you . you do not have any friend . pilar ease the car down San jacinto street , see something on the street and she 's tuning she kid ' conversation out -- paloma who would want to be friend with that bunch of pachuco wannabe ? amado I do not pretend I come over on the mayflower -- paloma and that stupid girl who hang out with they -- amado just shut up . pilar' Pov -- SAM Sam walk on the sidewalk parallel to they , talk with three other men -- paloma ( o.s. ) joanie orozco 's tell the whole school she 's like desperately in love with Santo Guerra . amado ( o.s. ) so ? paloma ( o.s. ) it 's pathetic . you can not be desperately in love when you be 14 year old . int . pilar' car pilar be still look fixedly out the window -- paloma not if you have half a brain in you head . pilar of course you can . paloma what ? pilar it do not have anything to do with be smart . ext . san jacinto STREET -- late afternoon Danny padilla be argue with h.l. brigg , a construction company big shot , and jorge guerra , a Council member in he 40s and Sam , as they walk down the sidewalk of the main street -- jorge what I be say be , I do not see the point . you have you chance when the dedication committee be meeting -- danny I have get new information -- h.l. it 's ancient goddarn history , Danny -- danny 1963 , they dam up the north branch to make Lake pescadero . a whole little town disappear -- h.l. squatter town -- danny people have be live in perdido for over a hundred year . mexican and chicanos be deport , evict , move forcibly out of they house by we local hero , buddy deed , and he department -- jorge there be a bill from the state legislature -- danny families be split apart , a whole community be destroy -- h.l. they be trespasp , Danny -- danny -- and who end up with lakefront property buy for a fraction of the market price ? buddy deed , sheriff of Rio County , and he Chief deputy , hollis pogue . they all look at Sam , who have be listen patiently the whole while . they have reach he office . SAM you finish ? danny look , I be not after you , Sam . I just think people in town ought to know the full story on buddy deed . SAM ( nod ) that make two of we . Sam step into he office , leave h.l. shaking he head -- h.l. you best be thankful that 's the son and not the father . buddy woulda kick you ass from here to sundown . int . hallway -- del' house -- late afternoon we track down a hallway as celie walk toward we , call ahead . Chet stand in the middle of the hall behind she . celie ( o.s. ) I do not see what the big deal be . go back over , talk to the man , and bury the hatchet , Del -- celie pass we and Del cross back in the other direction from behind the camera , carry box of they belonging . we continue we slow track forward -- del otis Payne be never embarrassed about a thing in he life . chet dad -- celie ( o.s. ) you be 8 year old when he leave -- del he do not leave , he move three house down with one of my mother 's best friend . chet dad --? del " hey , delmore , where 's you daddy ? " Del disappear into the bedroom at the end of the hall -- del ( o.s. ) everybody else 's business . and everybody love Big o -- del come back out , empty-hand -- del Big o be always there with a smile or a loan or a free drink . chet dad , can I talk to you about track ? celie ( o.s. ) people change . del not that much . chet dad , I talk to the track coach -- del I think we already have this out ? next year , if you grade be high enough -- chet I have a B average . del how many b-average student do you think they take at West Point ? celie ( o.s. ) we be go to have to see he . del no , we do not . Del step away past we , leave Chet , defeat -- int . cafe -- night -- enrique we start on Enrique , talk surreptitiously on the pay phone on the way to the kitchen . enrique sabado por la noche -- be , es el mas seguero - - a cruzar por la manana y pue tendremos que esperar - -[ Friday night -- yes , that 's the safest -- I will cross in the morning and then we will have to wait -- ] mercede bustles by , snap she finger -- mercede off the phone , by we have get people wait . andale ! we follow mercede back into the kitchen , where she move through , kibbitze the operation -- waitress mercede stop by a young girl prepping a pork loin to be cook . she be not wear glove . mercede donde estan sus guant ? tonta ! quiere matar a mis clientes ? [ where be you glove ? stupid ! you want to kill my customer ? ] she continue past , shaking she bead , bring we to pilar , who be try to stay out of the way -- mercede this one come up be get stupider every year . pilar maybe you be just get less patient . mercede if they be go to survive here , they have to know how to work , elalco ! adelante ! Los clientes esperan ! pilar well , you hire illegal -- mercede ( indignant ) nobody be illegal in my cafe ! they have get green card , they have get relative who be bear here -- if they only have a little common sense I would be very happy . pilar if you spend a little more time training they -- mercede do you come here to tell I how to run my business ? pilar no . I be wonder if you would like to take a trip down south with we . maybe see where you grow up -- mercede why would I want to go there ? pilar oh , come on -- you must be curious how it 's change . amado be into this big tejano root thing and I have never be further than ciudad Leon - - mercede you want to see mexican , open you eye and look around you . we be up to we ear in they . pilar give up on the trip . she watch she mother poke at the plate of chip and salsa ready to go out -- pilar mami , how old be you when my father -- mercede he be kill . pilar right . when he be kill . mercede a little older than paloma be now . pilar how come you never get marry again ? mercede just glare at she -- pilar there must have be somebody . mercede ( mutter ) I be too busy . pilar nobody 's too busy . mercede maybe now . it be different back then . I have this place , I be do all the shopping , all the cooking . what do I need some chulo with grease under he nail to drink up the profit ? pilar ( piss off ) thank you . mercede I do not mean Fernando . pilar mami , the first time I bring he home , that be you exact word -- " some chulo with grease under he nail . " mercede I never say that . pilar you make it pretty damn clear you think he be nobody . mercede I feel that you could do better for yourself -- pilar what ? become a nun ? you do not want I go out with anglos -- mercede I never say that . it be just that boy -- pilar " that boy " -- mami , say he name for chrissake ! the employee be stare . mercede will not look at she daughter as she step out of the kitchen , bang into Enrique on he way back in -- mercede you people be steal my money -- entiende ? robandome ? mercede be go . the young girl , pull plastic glove on , look to pilar . girl Su madre ? [ you mother ? ] pilar si. the girl put she hand on she heart in sympathy -- girl lo siento [ my condolence . ] int . country and western bar -- night a crowded room , c&amp ; W music play on the box . Sam sit behind a bottle of beer as the bartender , cody , in he early 5as philosophize . cody now I be just as liberal as the next guy -- SAM if the next guy 's a redneck . cody -- but I gotta say I think there 's something to this cold climate business . I mean , you go to the beach - what do you do ? drink a few beer , wait for a fish to flop up on the sand . can not build no civilization that way . you get a hard winter come , though , you get to plan ahead , and that give you cerebral cortex a workout . SAM good deal you be bear down here , then . cody you joke about it , Sam , but we be in a state of crisis . the line of demarcation have get fuzzy -- to run a sucessfull civilization you get to have line of demarcation between right and wrong , between this one and that one -- you daddy understand that . he be like the whatchacallit -- the referee for this damn menudo we get down here . he understand how most people do not want they sugar and salt in the same jar . SAM you mix drink bad as you mix metaphor , you be out of a job . cody take that pair over in the corner -- Sam swivel to look where cody point -- cody place like this , twenty year ago , buddy woulda be , on they two -- sam' Pov -- corner booth cliff and Priscilla talk across a table -- cody ( o.s. ) -- warning . not ' cause he have it in for the color SAM and cody cody -- but just as a kind of safety tip . SAM yeah . I bet he would . cody Old Sam stand for something ' , you know ? the day that man die they break the goddamn mold . booth -- cliff and priscilla thing be obviously more than professional between this two -- priscilla so where do that put we ? cliff well -- I do not see what 's change . no - pda 's , no neck on the obstacle course . priscilla seriously . cliff seriously , I think we should get marry . priscilla we be through this before -- cliff we should just do it . priscilla and if I get a shot at a promotion somewhere -- cliff you could take it -- priscilla it 's up or out this day , cliff . say I get transfer to a different post -- cliff I would quit the Army for you , if it come to that . priscilla ( grin ) man 's gonna retire in two year and he offer to quit . Big goddamn deal . SAM ( o.s. ) Excuse I -- they look up to see Sam stand over they -- cliff sheriff --hi--this be sergeant -- this be Priscilla Worth . SAM please to meet you . cliff sheriff deed be in on we archeological find yesterday . priscilla it true they gonna build a shopping mall out there ? SAM if certain people have they way , it 's go to be a new jail . priscilla damn . maybe we get in the wrong business . they closin ' down military basis leave and right , puttin ' up jail like 7 - 11 store . SAM do either of you have any idea when they stop use that site as a rifle range ? cliff they stop training infantry there in the late ' 5as . it be just a playground for the jackrabbit till they give it to the county last year . priscilla you know who it be they dig up ? SAM not for sure yet . but I kind of wish they have not . ext . cafe -- night Enrique step out of the darken cafe , follow by mercede , who lock up . mercede step over to a expensive - look car -- enrique es muy lindo , su coche -- mercede en ingle Enrique . this be the United States . we speak English . enrique be very beautiful , you car . mercede good night , Enrique . she slide into the car -- enrique buenas noches , senora Cruz . Enrique walk in the opposite direction -- fade out ext . big o's ROADHOUSE -- day -- cu del Del , in uniform , approach the front door of Big o 's , not open for business yet . we tighten as he stop to read a handletter sign next to it : " black seminole exhibit rear entrance . " he step in -- int . ROADHOUSE late-50s r&amp ; B play on the jukebox . otis stand behind the counter hook the beer tap up . Del step in and sit on a stool at the far end of the bar , tense , look around the place . when otis see he , he stop dead . they lock eye for a moment , then otis turn to call . otis carolyn -- knock that off for a minute . carolyn carolyn syke , a attractive woman maybe ten year young than otis , pull the plug from the jukebox near where she 's scrubbing bloodstain off the floor . she turn to look at the newcomer -- bar Del do not move to come closer -- del Black seminole ? otis ( shrug ) hobby of mine . get some artifact , couple piece one of you man out at the base make . free admission . Del nod toward where carolyn be mop -- del that where he be shot ? otis that 's where he fall . del you get much of that in here ? otis it 's a bar . people come together , drink , fall in love , fall out of love , air they grudge out -- del deal drug in the bathroom -- otis if I think it would help I would put up a sign tell they not to . right under the one about the employee wash they hand . carolyn have come over by otis , lug the bucket and mop -- otis this here 's carolyn . honey , this be my son , delmore . del Nice to meet you , ma'am . carolyn nod , shoot a look to otis -- carolyn I will be in back wait for that delivery . they wail till she be go to start again -- otis so. del so tell I why I should not make this place off-limit . otis this be a official visit , then -- del I assume a lot of you business be from we people . otis pull a tap back and it cough before squirting beer . otis you boy out there coope up together , need somewhere they can let the steam out . if they be Black , there 's not but one place in this town they feel welcome . be that way since before you be bear . del we have a enlist man 's club at the post . otis well , you be the man out there now , be not you ? it 's you call . del that 's right . otis ( smile ) I be hearing rumor about this new commander come for a couple week now . boy say they hear he 's a real hard case . spit-and -polish man . full - bird colonel name of Payne , they say -- Bet you never figure you end up back here . del the Army hand you a command , you go wherever it be . otis right . del I hear thing , too . people call you the Mayor of darktown . otis ( shrug ) over the year , this be the one place that 's always be there . I loan a little money out , settle some argument . get a cot in the back - people get afraid to go home they can spend the night . there 's not enough of we to run anything in this town - the white people be mostly out on the lake now and the mexican hire each other . there 's the holiness Church and there 's Big o 's place . del and people make they choice -- otis ( smile ) a lot of them choose both . there 's not like a borderline between the good people and the bad people -- you be not either on one side or the other -- Del look away , not want to believe this -- otis ( softly ) I gonna meet that family of yours ? del why would you want to do that ? otis because I be you father . Del give he a dark look and let the statement hang between they . he get up and head for the door -- del you will get official notification when I make my decision . he be out the door -- otis pull himself a beer as carolyn step back out -- carolyn so that 's he -- otis yeah -- that 's he . get two , three thousand people under he out there , you count the civilian . carolyn that must be a laugh a minute . ext . san jacinto STREET -- day Sam walk down the main street of town . a crowd be gather at the other end for the ceremony -- h.l. ( o.s. ) sheriff ! we widen as h.l. and jorge catch up to he . h.l. slap Sam on the back -- h.l. historic occasion , be not it ? SAM seem like we have another one every week . h.l. jorge and he chamber of commerce boy get to keep thing hummin ' -- jorge we be building up tourism , Sam -- SAM people come here to catch bass and to get laid at the Boy 's town in cuidad Leon -- jorge Sam -- SAM you ought to put up a banner -- " frontera , Texas : gateway to cut - rate pussy " -- h.l. that kind of talk do not help , Sam . SAM Rather have that than the ten-foot - high catfish statue -- jorge I get Eddie richter at the sentinel to kill that story . SAM the perdido thing ? jorge he agree it be not exactly news -- SAM Danny 's gonna be out for blood the next time . h.l. which be why we need to talk to you about the new jail -- just so we be all on the same page . SAM we do not need a new jail . h.l. that 's a matter of interpretation -- SAM we be already rent cell to the fed for they overflow -- jorge there be a mandate in the last election -- SAM it would not happen to be you construction company gonna get the bid on building this thing , would it , h.l. and jorge , you would not be think about a couple dozen new job to dangle in front of the voter -- h.l. dammit , Sam , the people be concerned about crime -- SAM we need a drug rehab program , we need a new elementary school -- jorge there be not money allocate for that . but a jail -- SAM look , I be not gonna campaign against you deal here , but if anybody ask I , I get to tell they the truth . we -- do not -- need - - a new jail . h.l. when we back you -- SAM when you back I you need somebody name deed to bump the other fella out of office . hey , folk -- Sam and the other smile as they reach the crowd of townspeople , mostly small business owner and retire people . photographer from the paper and a local tv news crew wait by a veile statue roped off in a little traffic island . mercede , dress to kill , stand wait next to hollis with a huge pair of scissors in she hand . cu mercede slowly work the blade of the scissors , she look coldly at Sam -- cu SAM he nod to she as the crowd open a path for he . SAM let 's get this thing over with . int . mikey' workshop -- morning we start on a two -foot-high statue of a cowboy make from old bullet and shell casing . we pan past a few other , the pose lift from frederic remington painting , till we see mikey , glue together a work in progress , a remington book propped open in front of he . cliff sit at the worktable play absently with the old bullet spill out from mikey be bag mikey never think I would see the day a buddy of mine be dating a woman with three up and three down on she shoulder . cliff I think it 's beyond what you would call dating . mikey you go to get marry ? cliff ( shrug ) maybe . mikey you meet she family ? they gonna be cool about you be a white guy ? cliff Priscilla say they think any woman over 30 who be not marry must be a lesbian . she figure they will be so relieved I be a man - - mikey always heartwarming to see a prejudice defeat by a deeper prejudice . but marriage , man -- I do two tour in Southeast Asia and I be marry for five year -- I could not tell you which experience be worse . cliff pick up a slug -- cliff hey , mikey -- mikey I know she be japanese go into it , but she do not tell I the ninja assassin part -- cliff mikey -- mikey her parent act like I be gonna blow my nose on they curtain -- cliff mikey -- mikey if I stay out past ten with the guy she would go into she Madame Butterfly routine -- cliff mikey look at this -- mikey what -- it 's a bullet . I be lousy with bullet here . cliff it 's a .45 . mikey yeah ? cliff this be the stuff we pick up the other day , right ? the rest of this be all .30 caliber -- mikey they be use m - 1's , yeah -- cliff what 's it do on a rifle range ? mikey hold the slug in front of he face -- mikey we better call that sheriff . ext . san jacinto STREET -- day hollis be finish he oration , have put the crowd in a good mood . hollis sometime in the early ' 70 a reporter from a national magazine be talk to the governor of we Lone Star state , and he ask he , " Governor , what 's you ideal of what a real Texan ought to be ? " Governor say , " that 's easy , son - you just go down to Rio County and get a look at sheriff buddy deed . " applause -- SAM watch the crowd -- sam' Pov we pan with he gaze across smile face , till he come to Danny and a couple of chicano friend , look grim . we rack focus beyond they to see pilar , watch the ceremony from a few yard back -- hollis ( o.s. ) thank you . we have get one more person to hear from -- hollis hollis -- and he 's somebody who probably know buddy better than any of we , Sam - - would you say a few word ? SAM not thrilled to be call on . he step forward reluctantly to applause -- SAM you folk who remember my father know he as sheriff . but at home he be also judge , jury he look to hollis - - SAM -- and executioner . laughter . Sam hold hollis 's eye for a moment before continue -- SAM this be a real honor you be do he today , and if buddy be around I be sure he hat size would be gettin ' bigger every minute . pilar watch -- SAM ( o.s. ) I use to come to this park to hide from he . now that you be put he name on it -- SAM SAM I will have to find someplace new to duck out . more laughter -- SAM I do appreciate it , and wherever he be , buddy 's puttin ' the beer on ice for the bunch of you . thank you . applause -- Sam step back and mercede step forward with she scissors without look at he -- hollis and now my fellow Council member and one of frontera 's most respected businesswoman , Mrs. mercede Cruz , will do the honors for we . mercede she freeze , smile , till the still photographer have get they shot , then snip the cord to a pulley system that let the cloth drop -- statue the cloth drop to reveal a bas-relief in brass set in a block of smooth limestone . a decent likeness of buddy in uniform , he hand on the shoulder of a small chicano- look boy who stand beside he , eye raise worshipfully . applause from the gather -- SAM watch , a bit remove , as mercede shake hand with jorge and h.l. and hollis for the camera . he overhear a pair of bystander who be check out the statue -- bystander 1 ( o.s. ) it do look like old buddy . bystander 2 ( o.s. ) runnin that kid in for loiterin' -- the bystander laugh -- Sam step away , intercept mercede as she step away -- SAM Nice to see you , Mrs. Cruz . mercede just look at he , keep go . his gaze bring he to pilar , stand on the sidewalk , watch . SAM step over from the disperse crowd -- SAM field trip ? pilar lunch hour . my next class be not till nine-thirty . SAM want to take a walk ? ext . riverside -- day Sam and pilar walk together alongside the Rio -- SAM you mother still do not like I . pilar I can not name anybody she do like this day . SAM I see she build a place up here by the river . pilar a real palace . she rattles around alone in that thing -- SAM she 's do well for herself - - on she own and all -- pilar so she tell I three time a week . she look at he -- pilar I think you get through that pretty well . SAM they cook the whole thing up without ask I . pilar people like he . SAM most people do , yeah . pilar I remember he watch I once . when I be little -- before you and I -- she shrug . pilar I be on the playground with all the other kid , but I think he be only look at I . I be afraid he be go to arrest I -- he have that eye , you know -- SAM yeah . pilar weird what you remember . they walk in silence a moment -- SAM you boy , there -- pilar amado . SAM nice-look kid . pilar he hate I . SAM no -- pilar with paloma , it 's more like she pity and tolerate I - totally age - appropriate . but amado -- he 's -- he 's never be book -smart . have a hard time learn to read . I be a teacher and caring about that thing be like a embarrassment -- like a betrayal . SAM Fernando do okay , and he drop out -- pilar Fernando be not piss off at everybody . he just want to fix they car . SAM it might just be the age . I spend my first fifteen year try to be just like buddy and the next fifteen try to give he a heart attack . she look at he -- pilar so why do you come back here , Sam ? SAM get divorced , I be not gonna work for my father - in - law anymore . the fella down here say they would back I -- pilar you do not want to be sheriff . SAM I get to admit it 's not what I think it would be . back when buddy have it -- hell , I be just a jailer . run a 60 - room hotel with bar on the window . pilar it can happen so sudden , can not it ? be leave out on you own . SAM you have get you mother , you kid -- pilar they have get I . different thing . they stop at a spot where you can climb down the bank -- SAM remember this ? pilar look at the spot . she be not ready to deal with whatever memory it bring back -- pilar I should get back . SAM pilar -- pilar look real bad if the teacher 's late for class . it 's really nice to talk with you , Sam . she wave and walk away , feel awkward . Sam watch for a minute , then turn and step down to the bank , he look at the water . river surface a little piece of tree bark be toss onto the water and drift away with the current . we tilt up to see young pilar toss bark into the river as young SAM sit on the bank beside she . they be 14 and 15 year old -- it be 1972 - - young SAM you go to tell she ? young pilar you go to tell he ? young SAM he do not need to know all my business . young pilar he 's gonna find out . young SAM so ? what 's he gonna do , arrest we ? Young pilar frown , toss more bark -- young pilar it 's suppose to be some big sin , even if you love each other . young SAM you believe that ? cu young pilar she turn to look at he -- young pilar no . we pan with she gaze to see Sam , present day , sit on the bank , lose in think -- SAM I neither . ext . army post -- day Athena walk between building , look a bit out of it . sergeant Worth cut into she -- priscilla private Johnson ! athena sergeant ? priscilla report to Dr. innis at the clinic . athena I be feel okay -- priscilla I be very happy to hear that , private . now you go put some pee-pee in a cup for Dr. innis and I will be feel okay , too . athena ( react ) you be testing I ? priscilla you and one hundred nineteen other fortunate individual . put it in gear . athena yes , sergeant . sergeant Worth watch Athena go , suspicious -- int . sheriff' office -- afternoon Ray hernandez and another deputy guide shadow back in from the courthouse in handcuffs -- ray excellent performance , my friend . the judge be very impressed . shadow you do not need to cuff I . ray you be talk so much trash today , you make we think you be a dangerous criminal . be a good boy , now -- they guide he past Sam 's desk -- shadow you be the one who 's a good boy . man say " fetch " and you fetch -- ray just do my job . shadow White man just use you to keep the Black man down . ray this be not Houston , my friend . we pretty much run thing now . we good day have come . shadow you sucker have not have a good day since the alamo . Ray smile , push he out -- ray andale , amigo , we hold on Sam at he desk , tightening as he hold the .45 slug from the sergeant in front of he eye -- SAM lupe ? get I the ranger up in austin-- int . mercede ' kitchen -- night -- cu glass we hear old mexican music . Ice cube plunk into a glass . wider , mercede mercede , exhaust from a day at the cafe , pour herself a scotch and soda -- ext . back patio -- night the back light be flicked on and mercede step out with she drink in hand , the music audible from inside . she sink into a recliner . we tighten as she close she eye . something rustle out in the dark . mercede open she eye . there be whispering . mercede sit up and suddenly two men run past the edge of the patio toward the front of the house . mercede sigh -- mercede otra vez los mojado -- [ wetback again -- ] mercede search to find a portable phone on the patio table , punch a number in -- mercede hello ? border patrol ? ext . sam' house -- night Sam , out of uniform , stand behind he little house chuck fall pecan out into the dark , think , listen to the night sound . cu SAM work something out in he head . he look off into the dark and we pan with he gaze --a man step toward we , barely visible in the darkness . it be charley Wade -- we're in Sam 's reverie , in 1957 -- WADE who be that ? come out here where I can see you ! blam ! a gunshot , and Wade fall to he knee -- WADE you sonofabitch -- Wade fall on he face . a flashlight beam flick on and play over he body . we pan back along the be to see buddy , holster he pistol . he hear something , swing the flashlight up . SAM we be back in 1995 . Sam be blast in the face with a flashlight beam -- patrolman ( o.s. ) hold it right there ! brazos arriba ! Sam , squinting toward the light to see who it be , raise he hand over he head -- zack ( o.s. ) get that thing off 'im ! he 's one of ours -- SAM Zack ? the flashlight beam pan away and zack pollard , a border patrol agent , step out of the dark to Sam -- zack hey Sam . sorry ' bout that . SAM what 's up ? zack we have about a dozen wet come over just upriver . they run into one of we post -- it be like a breakshot on a pool table , illegal runnin ' every which way . SAM I have not see anybody come by . zack we will get them -- ( look around ) so you livin ' out here now ? SAM yeah . it 's quiet -- zack I hear about that deal for you father -- you must be real proud . SAM sure . zack the storey people tell , he be a real colorful fella -- patrolman ( o.s. ) Zack ! we get one ! zack well -- back on the clock . you see any of we neighbor from the south , let them know I be lookin ' for them . SAM ' night -- Zack step away . Sam shake the pecan still in he band , go back to chuck they -- ext . courtyard -- dancers older chicano couple dance to mexican Music play from speaker set up in the apartment complex courtyard . we tilt up to see Enrique watch from he window -- int . apartment -- night music still blast . Enrique step away from the window , and sit on the bed of he drab furnish apartment . he go back to tie knot in a length of clothesline splicing it to another . on the bed beside he be new flashlight and the battery , still in they package . he begin to coil the rope -- it be hundred of foot long . ext . front porch , pilar' house -- night pilar sit on she front Porch , listen to the music in the distance . a woman sing a mexican love ballad . after a while we hear paloma open the screen door behind she -- paloma ( o.s. ) Mom ? pilar yeah ? paloma ( o.s. ) you gonna stay out here ? pilar for a while . a silence . they listen to the record -- paloma ( o.s. ) what 's she sing about ? pilar ( smile ) what do you think ? fade out int . sheriff' office -- early morning Sam have be up since dawn , search through pile of old department record . paper cover he desk and the chair he 's drag over next to it . he read out loud himself from a report in front of he -- SAM first bullet enter beneath the leave eye , sever the optical nerve and exite from top rear of skull cause tissue damage document -- various shot as Sam read , we see quick pop of various record -- certificate of death . a old sheriff 's Department payroll . a autopsy report . eviction notice . SAM ( o.s. ) -- and severe cerebral hemorrhage . second bullet enter leave cheek drive fragment of upper and lower molar into base of skull . third bullet -- Real estate transfer . a map of the proposed Lake pescadero . another autopsy report . a fax copy of the forensics dental report on charley Wade . another autopsy report -- cu SAM intent as he pore over the paperwork -- legal pad we tilt down to read various note Sam have write -- reynaldo Garcia kill by shf Wade --3/49 hollis kinney hire by shf dep .--9/51 Lucas Johnson k. by shf Wade --7/53 Horace gaine k. by shf wade--1/54 santiago huerta k. by shf Wade --4/54 rifle range close --9/56 eladio Cruz k. by shf Wade --12/56 buddy deed hire by shf dep.--2/57 shf Wade disappear -- 3/57 $ 10,000 cnty fund miss buddy deed new shf we come to Sam 's hand , write , when it clear we can read the last entry -- mercede Cruz hire as cook , Rio Co. jail --4/57 ????? cu SAM try to put it all together . pete zayas , a skinny , older man in trustee 's coverall , wander in , empty the trash basket in the front office -- pete Morning , sheriff . SAM hey , Pete . how 's it go ? pete time march on . SAM how much you get leave ? pete Three month . SAM you stop grow that loco weed at you place , you would see a lot more daylight . pete it be for personal consumption . SAM you be go to smoke a acre and a half of marijuana ? pete I get a bad stomach . it help I digest . Pete dump out the basket by Sam -- pete you father never bother I about it . leastway not till the drug people get on he back in the late ' 60 . SAM I think he bust you a couple time . pete different charge . I have a still . make my own mescal . Sam look up at he . pete that 's how I ruin my stomach . SAM ( smile ) I be surprised he bother with it . pete he be afraid I be go to poison somebody . you father try to do good for people -- SAM so I have hear -- pete and you mother be a saint . that summer I build the patio at you house ? she make I lunch every day . SAM well , you be work there -- pete it could have just be a box lunch from the jail . Sam look up again , troubled . SAM you build we patio while you be on the county ? pete out in the fresh air , nice gringo lady make you pie -- who 's gonna sit back in a little jail cell all day ? sheriff buddy , man . como el no hay dos . and after that cabron charley Wade -- SAM I have hear Wade be a bit tough on the mexican -- pete he murder eladio Cruz . that tough enough for you ? SAM murdered he ? pete chucho montoya see it with he own eye . shot he in cold blood . ext . san jacinto STREET -- morning Ray hernandez , head in to work , come upon Sam get into he car -- ray you be out early . SAM yeah . ray have not see much of you at the jail lately . SAM I be work on a few thing . ray uh-huh . SAM I be go over to the other side . ray ( concerned ) the Republicans ? SAM no -- to Mexico . I have get to talk to somebody . ray they get telephone . SAM gotta be in person . ray oh . a awkward silence . Sam sit into the driver 's seal and Ray lean down to talk -- ray Sam ? I - - the Committee - - you know jorge and h.l. and all -- they ask I -- SAM they want you to stand for sheriff next election . ray yeah . SAM you would do a good job . ray how ' bout you ? SAM do not know if I will still want it . ray I do not want to be go around you back . SAM I appreciate you tell I . Sam look at he Chief deputy -- SAM you think we need a new jail ? ray well , it 's a complicated issue -- Sam smile , turn the engine on -- SAM yeah , Ray , you would be a hell of a sheriff . ext . school -- morning pilar sit with amado on the football field bleacher before school start -- pilar I be only go to have you for two more year . if you decide not to go on to college -- amado I can not take any more school . pilar -- you be go to be on you own . amado so ? pilar so I be worried about you . I do not want you to end up in jail like you friend . amado they be not go to jail . pilar do not try to con I , amado . you know how they get all that thing . amado just some rich anglo out on the lake . do not even live here all year . pilar that make it okay ? amado they steal we land -- pilar save you breath . that line do not cut it with I . a silence . amado sulk . pilar how do you think you be go to make a live ? amado I can fix car . pilar you can fix old car . Mr. washburn tell I that the car they be make now be all computerize -- amado you think I can not learn that ? pilar I think you can learn whatever you want to . I just do not see you do it . if you want to settle for -- amado I be not settling for anything . I like car , it 's just not a move up the ladder to you , so you think it 's a waste . pilar that be not true . amado oh , come on -- you and grandma think anybody who work with they hand be a peasant . when dad -- pilar if you grow up to he anywhere near as good a man as you father be , I would be happy ! I would be thrilled . they look , at each other for a long moment . amado it 's my life . if I want to fuck it up , that 's my business . pilar ( nod ) I say pretty much the same thing to my mother when I be you age . amado and what do she do ? pilar two year at hard labor , we Lady of perpetual help . amado Catholic school , nasty . pilar be nearly in tear . pilar honey , I think you be smart and you be good and I love you . so do not act like a idiot , all right ? ext . border crossing -- day we see Sam 's car roll through the " express lane " as other car in both direction stop by the inspection booth . Sam drive across the bridge over the Rio -- ext . street -- ciudad leon -- various shot Sam drive slowly through the sprawling , more populous town on the other side . lot of the street be unpave . we pan with the car till we hold on anselma , a country girl of 15 , aimlessly walk the street -- ext . llanteria ( tire repair shop ) -- day we watch a kid about amado 's age pull a tire off its rim to put a patch on it -- chucho ( o.s. ) over here we do not throw everything away like you gringos do . chucho and SAM chucho montoya , in he mid-50s , stand by Sam drink a Coke as they watch the kid work . chucho recycling , right ? we invent that . the government do not have to tell people to do it . SAM you own this place ? chucho this place , the one across the street , four other one around ciudad Leon - - soy el rey de las llantas . King of the tire . lot of you people rollin ' back over that bridge on my rubber . SAM ( nod ) you live in the States for a while ? chucho Fifteen year in El paso . SAM make some money , come back here -- chucho something like that . SAM you ever know a fella name eladio Cruz ? chucho smile , draw a line in the dirt with he heel -- chucho you the sheriff of Rio County , right ? un jefe muy respetado . step over this line . Sam oblige -- chucho ay , que milagro ! you be not the sheriff of nothing anymore - just some tejano with a lot of question I do not have to answer . Sam smile , play with the line with he toe -- chucho Bird fly south - you think he see that line ? rattlesnake , javelina -- whatever you get -- halfway across that line they do not start think different . so why should a man ? SAM you government always be pretty happy to have that line . the question 's just be where to draw it cu chucho chucho my government can go fuck itself , and so can yours . I be talk about people here -- man . mi amigo eladio Cruz be give some friend of he a lift in he camion one day -- we pan from chucho to the flat tire on a batter old pickup truck -- chucho ( v.o . ) -- but because he 's on one side of this invisible line and not the other , they get to hide in the back like criminal -- eladio cruz , young and good-look , squat into the shot to examine the tire , jack in hand . it be 1956 -- chucho ( v.o. ) and because over there he 's just another mex bracero , any man with a badge be he jefe -- conjunto music come from the truck radio . young chucho step past eladio -- eladio donde vas , chucho , tiene que quedar escondido ! [ shit , chucho you get to stay hide ! ] young chucho voy a romper las rinone si no hago pipi- - [ I be gonna bust my kidney if I do not pee - - ] we track back with Young chucho to see we be at the side of a dirt road on the scrubby flatland near the border . eladio 's batter pickup truck have wood - slat side and a canvas top . eladio begin to undo the nut on the flat tire as Young chucho climb down into a dry creek bed to relieve himself -- young chucho Los dema son tan espantados que prefieran mojar sus pantalone . [ the other guy be so scared they would rather wet they pants . ] chucho tighten as he see something , duck down -- young chucho mira , eladio [ look ! ] we pan to see the sheriff 's car approach in a cloud of dust -- eladio ( Calling from where he lie change the tire ) muchachos ! escondase ! [ boy ! hide yourselves ! ] int . rear of truck eight illegal worker hear this and lie down , pull a canvas tarp over themselves . we hear the car stop behind they -- ext . arroyo -- cu chucho he make the sign of the cross as he press he back against the dirt of the arroyo -- road sheriff Wade and deputy hollis get out of they car and start toward eladio - - eladio he stand , take a deep breath -- Wade step up to he with he hard - eye smile -- WADE hola , amgio . problemas de llanta ? [ hey , friend . Tire problem ? ] eladio no hay de que . tengo otra . [ no problem , I have get another . ] WADE what 's in the back ? ext . truck Young hollis stroll around the truck as if he 's consider buy it . he reach in and flick the radio off -- eladio not much , jefe . some watermelon . WADE I hear somebody be haulin ' wet on this road . eladio I have not see anybody do that . WADE this same person be brag all over the county how he do not have to cut that big gringo sheriff in on it -- he can run he own operation ' thout any help . como se llama , amigo ? eladio eladio Cruz . WADE you know this road get a bad reputation , eladio - - arroyo -- chucho Young chucho peck over the edge to see what 's happen . eladio reputation ? WADE bandidos , injun -- closer -- men hollis wander over to stand by Wade -- WADE there 's many a unfortunate soul be ambush out on this stretch . hope you be carry some protection . eladio Protection ? WADE you carryin ' a firearm , son ? do not lie to I now . eladio si--tengo escopeto -- just a shotgun -- WADE just a shotgun , huh ? better let I take a look at that . eladio open the truck door and dig under the seat . Wade wink to hollis , then turn and blam ! shoot eladio through the head . hollis jump back startle and horrify -- young hollis oh no -- oh Jesus - - oh my Lord -- WADE Little greaser sonofabitch be run a goddarn bus service . think he can make a fool out of charley Wade ! get they wet outta the back , hollis , see what we have get -- cu chucho squatte in a ball to make himself as small as possible , eye cover with he hand . young hollis ( o.s. ) you kill he -- WADE ( o.s. ) you get a talent for statin ' the obvious , son muchachos ! venga afuera ! brazos arribas ! [ come on out ! hand up !] Young chucho hear footstep approach . we pan as he look -- a man 's boot appear at the top of the arroyo . we tilt up to see a sheriff , backlit , then crane to see it be Sam , back in the present look over the site , troubled . his car sit on the empty road behind he . he frown , turn to go -- ext . park -- day -- plaque somebody have spray-paint " perdido ! " over the plaque of buddy and the little boy -- hollis ( o.s. ) hooligan -- wider hollis and a couple of men from the Public work Department look at the damage . hollis it happen again , we build a fence around it . int . cafe -- day Enrique steel himself , try to cover he nerve . we cross with he to a booth . zack podemo ganar muchas batallas pero la guerra ya es perdido - -[ we can win a lot of battle but the war 's already be lose -- ] Zack and another border patrolman look up at he -- cu enrique eye glue to he notepad -- enrique you want ' something to drink ? ext . roadside stand -- day -- cu cattle skull a Georgia o' keefe-look cattle skull sit on a pedestal against the western sky -- wesley ( o.s. ) the longhorn go for ten time the price -- we widen as the skull be lift by wesley birdsong , a Native american man in he 70 who wear extremely thick glass . Sam tag along as the old man rearrange the display of Texas curio laid out in front of he trailer . empty scrubland surround they . wesley -- but longhorn be hard to come by this day . SAM you sell much out here ? wesley how be I gonna sell thing if nobody come by ? this stretch of road run between nowhere and nothin ' much . SAM Hell of a spot to put a business . wesley but you do not see much competition , do you ? he wink at Sam , pick up a wooden radio carve to resemble the alamo -- wesley this thing use to sell like hotcake . now , if it can not play that disc , they will not look at it . he put the radio on , look out at the emptiness around -- wesley I like it here . once I try go onto that reservation to live . could not take the politics . damn indian will drive you crazy with that , now you father -- this be not what he have in mind at all . he come out of Korea , he have this chevy with too much engine in it . he would come roarin ' up and down this road all hour of the day and night , look for somebody to race . he lift a jar with a leathery brown thing in it -- wesley buffalo chip . fella in Santa Fe tell I he sell this as fast as the buffalo can squeeze them out . SAM so when do buddy leave ? wesley for frontera ? Hell , I can not remember date no more . I do recall it be after a affair of the heart have go sour on he . he almost take some poor fella 's head off at the legion in arroyo Grande , and figure it be time to move on . SAM you think he kill anybody in Korea ? wesley they do not hand that medal out for hidin' in you foxhole . would you buy this ? SAM no -- wesley I neither . he search for something among the curio -- wesley if he have not find that deputy job , I believe buddy might have go down the other path , get into some serious trouble . settle he right down . that and you mother . ' course he have that other one later . SAM another woman ? wesley you mother be not one to get chase off she patch . half the damn county know and nobody think the worse of she for seein ' it through . SAM you know who it be ? wesley the other one ? Hell , at my age , every time you learn a new name you get to forget a old one . you head 's all crowded up -- here it be -- wesley stretch out a four- foot rattlesnake skin , rattles still attach -- wesley this big fella be sleepin ' in a crate at cisco 's junkyard right when I look to see what be in it . jumped up at my face -- scared I so bad I kill he without thinkin ' . he shake the rattles at Sam -- wesley gotta be careful where you be pokin ' - - who know what you will find . int . school hallway -- day pilar talk with Molly as they near the administration office -- pilar I do not think you can take it personally -- molly I would like to see they spend a day pull 14 - year- old off of each other -- I should get combat pay -- pilar I have new respect for some of my kid , meeting the parent they have be deal -- Molly keep go as pilar duck into the office -- pilar see you , Molly . int . office pilar cross past the principal 's secretary , marisol -- marisol Steve call for you . pilar Steve ? marisol steve. board of Education Steve who like you ? he go for we hot-bloode mexican girl , I can tell . pilar Spanish , please . my mother would have a heart attack . marisol you mother 's family be Spanish ? pilar sure , they go back to cortez . when he ride by , they be squatting in a hut cooking hamster for dinner . marisol you get to be interested in somebody . all you do be work . pilar all my mother do be work . that 's how you get to be Spanish . marisol how ' bout the sheriff ? pilar the sheriff . marisol the old-high -school - heartthrob sheriff . I think you be crazy about each other . he 's available , you be available -- pilar I be unmarried . I be not available . marisol you tell I one time it be true love . pilar take the pile of mimeo and mail from she slot and turn to go -- pilar ( mutter ) nobody stay in love for twenty - three year . ext . drive - in movie -- night it be 1972 . a early - '70s cheezy action picture ( filipino woman - in - chain or biker flick be play . we tilt down to a man 's boot crunching across the gravel of the parking area . now and then , the man turn a flashlight beam on a license plate . the car be all pre - '72 , lot of pickup , and the patron be almost all teenager . some have turn they pickup around to sit on the tailgate and watch , while other have set lawn furniture out to sit on . we tilt up slightly to see the glint of a Rio County sheriff 's badge pin on the man 's shirt . he meet a deputy come in the other direction . both train they flashlight on the license of the car we see in the b.g. between they . we tilt and rack to see that nobody be visible through the window -- buddy ( o.s. ) let 's go . we follow buddy up to the driver 's side of the car as the deputy go to the passenger side . we pan with buddy 's hand down to the door handle - - he grab it , fling it open -- the overhead light flick on and there lie young SAM and pilar , teenager , half they clothes off and just about to close the deal . pilar scream and the deputy throw the door open by they head -- buddy goddammit ! buddy grab Sam 's ankle and yank he out of the car onto the ground as the deputy awkwardly pull pilar , out the other side -- young SAM what the hell be you do ? you fuck asshole ! buddy how old be that girl ? goddammit , where 's you goddam sense ? young pilar ( o.s. ) let I go ! pendejo ! young hollis ( o.s. ) come on now , missy , get you clothes in order -- Sam be try to kick and punch at he father , pause in between to pull he pants up . people be booing and honking they horn all around -- young SAM you get no fuckin ' right ! you stay out of my fuckin ' life ! buddy gimme the key -- gimme the goddamn car key , son -- young hollis ( o.s. ) what be I s'pose to do with she , buddy ? buddy you drive she home and tell she mother where we find she -- young pilar ( o.s. ) Sam ! the kid be drag forward into the headlight that be be turn on to see what the ruckus be . both be cry , struggle -- young SAM you leave she the fuck alone ! buddy you just shut that filthy mouth , son . I will deal with you when we get home -- young pilar please , do not tell my mother ! she 's gonna kill I ! they step closer into the glaring headlight which white out the scene , then fade . ext . ruined drive - in -- dusk it be dusk , present day . we eye readjust to see Sam , stand by he car in the lot of the long - abandon drive - in . the ruin screen rise in the b.g . cu SAM remember . music begins as he get back into the car , pull away . marquee -- dusk music continue as the car cruise out past the old marquee , a few letter still jumble on it , several bullet hole around they . int . car music continue as Sam drive , think -- ext . road -- various shot -- dusk / night music continue as the car cross the scrubland back toward town . dusk turn to night -- ext . pilar' house -- night music continue as Sam cruise past pilar 's house . the car be not in the driveway : paloma hang out with a couple friend under the porch light , laugh -- ext . high school -- night music continue as Sam 's car pull into the high school lot . he look up toward the school -- ext . window , pilar , -- sam' Pov music continue . we can see pilar , through the light window of she classroom , prepare something on the blackboard -- int . car music end as Sam lean back to wait -- ext . parking lot pilar dig in she bag for she car key as she make she way across the lot . she see something , slow , reacting , then bring we to Sam in he car . he have park head - to - foot next to hers . they look at each other for a long moment pilar ( softly ) follow I . ext . MAIN STREET -- night nothing stir . pilar 's car appear , closely follow by Sam 's . the cafe have close for the night . int . cafe -- night Sam and pilar sit on chair next to each other , face the window , talk softly . the streetlight shine through the letter in the front window make pattern on they face pilar we think we be something , do not we ? SAM yeah . pilar I look at my kid in school -- tenth , eleventh grader . that 's who we be . Children . SAM yeah . pilar I mean what do we know about anything ? SAM nothing . pilar look at he -- pilar when nando die -- it be so sudden -- I be kind of in shock for awhile . then I wake up and there be the whole rest of my life and I do not have any idea what to do with it . SAM you know the other day , you ask why I come back ? pilar yeah ? SAM I come back ' cause you be here . pilar nod . she get up and we follow she across the dark room to the jukebox . she look at the selection -- pilar my mother have not change the song since I be 10 . she put in a quarter , punch some number . a mexican ballad come on . she cross back to Sam , hold she hand out . he stand to greet she . they slow - dance in the empty cafe -- int . sam' apartment -- bedroom Sam and pilar finish make love . they lie beside each other , shaking a little -- pilar wow . SAM yeah . pilar how come it feel the same ? SAM I do not know . it just feel good . always do . pilar so what be we gonna do about this ? SAM more , I hope . pilar smile , look around the room -- pilar how long have you live here ? SAM two year . pilar there 's nothing on the wall . no picture -- SAM do not have kid . other picture -- I do not know -- it 's nothing I want to look back on . pilar like you story be over . SAM I have feel that way , yeah . sbe put she head on he cbest -- pilar it be not . not by a long shot . he hold she and they lie silently for a moment -- SAM pilar -- pilar yeah ? SAM what be you father 's name ? pilar eladio . eladio . Cruz . fade out : ext . pilar' house -- morning paloma sit on the top step of the porch , read teen magazine . pilar step out behind she , dress casually , and squint at the day -- paloma she finally get in -- pilar it 's Saturday . paloma you get in late last night . pilar yeah . I have uhm --school business . paloma give she a look , then hold a fashion page up for she to see -- paloma can I get this ? pilar nobody really wear that stuff , paloma . paloma I could name five girl at school who have one just like it -- pilar enough with the clothes -- paloma just ' cause you go to Catholic school and wear a uniform . pilar I only go for my last two year . paloma how come ? pilar oh , my mother want to keep I away from away from boy . pilar step out into the sun -- paloma do it work ? int . cafe -- morning hollis be sit alone in a booth , work on some heuvos rancheros . Sam slide in across from he -- SAM Morning , hollis . hollis Sam ! quite a do the other day . it mean a lot to folk that you say something . SAM you think any more about we murder ? hollis we have a murder ? SAM charley Wade . hollis I wish I could tell you I remember something new , but I can not . SAM I get a idea what happen . hollis do you ? SAM I think somewhere between roderick bledsoe 's club and he house , Wade run into buddy deed . I think buddy put a bullet in he , wait for he to die , throw he in the trunk of the sheriff 's car and drive he out by the Army post , I think he bury he under four foot of sand and never look back . hollis sit back to look Sam in the eye -- hollis you live in the man 's house what -- seventeen , eighteen year ? and you do not get to know he any better than that ? SAM I get to go see somebody in San Antonio today . you memory get any better , I will be back tonight . Sam stand and walk away . we hold on hollis , he appetite go -- ext . big o's -- morning Chet step around to the side entrance -- int . black seminole exhibit -- day -- cu statue we start on a statue of a BUFFALO soldier make from spend bullet and shell casing , then pan to another , then widen to see Chet as he poke he head in , the bell of the door ringing . he step in cautiously , look around the room . on the wall there be photo-blowup , some artifact , handletter information on cardboard . Chet stop to look up at a picture of a barechest Black man with a couple of feather stick in he headband otis ( o.s. ) that 's John horse . Chet turn to see otis stand back by , the door from the bar -- otis Spanish in Florida call he Juan caballo . John horse . chet ( look at picture ) he a Black man or a indian ? otis ( step in ) both . otis cross to the poker table , begin to clean up -- otis he be part of the seminole Nation , get push down into the everglade in pioneer day . African people who run off from the slaveholder hook up with they , marry up , have child . when the Spanish give up Florida , the U.S. Army come down to move all they indian people off to Oklahoma -- chet the Trail of tear . otis ( smile ) they teach that now ? good . only a couple of them hold out -- this man , John horse , and he friend Wild cat , and a fella name of osceola . Army put all of they in prison and osceola die , but they other two escape and put together a fight band and hold out another ten , fifteen year . beat Zach Taylor and a thousand troops at Lake okeechobee . chet so they stay in Florida ? otis they get tired of fight , go to the indian Territories for a while . but the slave- raider be on them even there , and one night they pack up and nearly the whole band ride down to Mexico . cross at Eagle pass . they move on to some photo of very african-look people dress in beautiful seminole clothing -- otis Men work for Santa Anna down there , wait out the Civil War . the land be not much to feed people on , so in 1870 they come north and put up at Fort Duncan and the man join up what be call the seminole negro indian scout . best tracker either side of the border . bandit , rustler , Texas redneck , kiowa , comanche - - chet they fight against the Indians ? otis same as they do in Mexico . chet but they be Indians themselves . otis they be in the Army . like you father . chet ( surprise ) you know who I be ? otis I get a pretty good guess . chet that guy who get shot -- otis you do not go tell you father you be here ? chet be you kid ? and face a court - martial ? otis ( smile ) he 's a pretty tough old man , huh ? chet no sport if I do not keep a B average , no tv on school night , no pda 's -- otis pda ? chet Public display of affection . every time he move up a rank , it 's like he 's get to tighten the screw a little more -- otis well -- chet I mean , just ' cause he do not -- you know -- otis do not have a father ? chet ( shrug ) he 's still piss off about it . otis when you be he age you will still be piss off about he . Chet nod , look around -- chet so how come you get into all this ? otis this be we people . there be payne in Florida , Oklahoma , piedra negras - - couple of them win the whatsit -- congressional Medal of honor - - chet so I be part -indian ? otis by blood you be . but blood only mean what you let it . chet my father say the day you be bear you start from scratch , no break and no excuse , and you get to pull yourself up on you own . otis ( sad ) well , he 's live proof of that , son . live proof . int . del' office -- day Athena stand at attention as Del sit at he desk , review she record . he let she stand for a long time before speak -- del private Johnson , be you unhappy in the Army ? athena no , sir -- del then how would you explain the fact that out of one hundred twenty people we test , you be the only one who come up positive for drug ? athena I be sorry , sir . del when you be give the opportunity to enlist , a kind of contract be agree upon . I think the Army have honore its part of that agreement . athena yes , sir -- del do you believe in what we be do here , private Johnson ? athena I - I can do the job , sir . del you do not sound too enthusiastic . athena I be , sir . del what exactly do you think you job be , private ? athena follow order . do whatever they say . del who 's " they " ? athena the -- the officer . del and that 's the job ? nothing about serve you country ? Athena be confuse , hesitates to speak -- del this be not trick question , private . you will be give a article 15 and be go into the adcap Program one way or the other . what happen after that be up to you . I be just try to understand how somebody like you think . silence -- del well ? athena ( hesitant ) you really want to know , sir ? del please . athena it 's they country . this be one of the best deal they offer . Del know he ask for it , but do not like the answer -- del how do you think I get to be a colonel ? athena work hard , be good at you job . Sir . do whatever they tell you . del do whatever they tell you -- athena I mean , follow order , sir . del with you attitude , private , I be surprised you want to stay in the service . athena I do , sir . del because it 's a job ? athena ( struggle ) outside it 's -- it 's such a mess -- it 's -- del Chaos . Athena be sure she 's overstep she rank -- del why do you think they let we in on the " deal " ? athena they get people to fight . Arabs , yellow people , whatever . might as well use we . del do you think you have be discriminate against on this post ? athena no , sir . not at all . del any serious problem with you sergeant or you fellow soldier ? athena no , sir . they all be real straight with I . Del stand , think , try not to bullshit she -- del it work like this , private - - every soldier in a war do not have to believe in what he 's fight for . most of they fight just to back up the soldier in they squad -- you try not to get they kill , try not to get they extra duty , try not to embarrass yourself in front of they . he be right in she face now -- del why do not you start with that ? athena yes , sir . del you be dismiss , private . athena thank you , sir . Athena salute , step out . Del look out the window , troubled by the encounter . ext . border control a batter car full of mexican day worker roll toward the mexican side checkpoint -- int . car Enrique sit squeeze between worker in the back . the driver never stop talk as the officer wave they through . driver ( o.s. ) -- Julia es demasiado flaca para mime gusto mas mujere con algo en frente - - of muy alta como Cindy crofor . quisiera montar esa caballa -- [ Julia 's too skinny for I -- I like woman with something up front -- or really tall like Cindy Crawford . I would like to ride that horse - - ] ext . kincaid house -- day Sam 's car be park on the street in front of a expensive - look house in a tree-line neighborhood -- int . live room Sam 's ex- wife , bunny kincaid , shuffles across she live room in slipper , crossing to turn off a big-screen tv play football highlight . Bunny wear short , a Houston oiler sweatshirt and a Dallas Cowboys cap . the live room be like a sport museum -- sign football , team poster , a bookcase fill with tape of Texas pro and college football game -- bunny the longhorn gonna kick some serious butt this Saturday , you just watch . we get a kid at tailback from down you way -- outta El indio - - SAM ( o.s. ) that 's in maverick County . she bring we to Sam , sit uncomfortably , beneath a full - size blowup of tony dorsett hurdle a tackler -- bunny oh. right . and you be in --? SAM rio. bunny right . this kid , hosea Brown ? do tire 40 in 3.4 , soft hand , lateral movement -- the whole package . only a sophomore -- SAM you still go to all the home game ? bunny well , daddy 's get he box at the stadium , of course , and I will fly to the cowboy away game when they be in the Conference . then there 's the high school on Friday ' night . West side get a boy 6 '6 " , 310 , move like a cat . High school , we be talkin' . guess how much he can bench - press ? SAM Bunny , you -- uhm -- you on that same medication ? bunny do I seem jumpy ? SAM no , you look good . I be just wonder . bunny last year be awful rough -- mama pass on and the whole business with O.J. -- I mean it 's not like it be Don meredith or Roger staubach or one of we own boy , but it really knock I for a loop -- SAM you look good -- bunny -- and that squeaker the aggy drop to oklahoma-sonofabitch step in some lucky shit before he kick that goal -- SAM yeah , well -- bunny -- they have not pull I off that woman I would have jerk a knot in she . SAM you be in a fight -- bunny daddy call it a " altercation . " how you do , Sam ? you look skinny . SAM same weight I always be . bunny you look awful good in that uniform , though . SAM best part of the job . bunny daddy hire a pinhead to take you job . he say so himself . say " even my son - in - law be better than this pinhead I get now " . SAM Bunny , be that stuff I leave in the garage still there ? bunny least he never call I that . with I , it be always " high -strung . " " my Bunny might have do something with she life , she be not so high-strung . " or " tightly wound , " that be another one . you see anyone ? SAM no. you ? bunny yeah . sort of . daddy round them up . you be not talk about money , they beady little eye go dead . SAM you do not -- uhm -- you do not have one of you fire , do you ? the stuff I leave in the garage -- some of it be my father 's -- bunny you watch the draft this year ? ' course you do not , idiot question . they try to make it dramatic , like there 's some big surprise who pick who in the first round ? only they be work it over with they expert and they computer for month . Doctor 's report , highlight reel , coaches ' evaluation , psychological profile - - hell , I would not be surprised if they collect stool sample on this boy , have them analyze . all this stuff to pick a football player for you squad . compare to that , what you know about the person you get marry to do not amount to diddly , do it ? SAM suppose not . bunny you kind of buy yourself a pig in a poke , do not you , Sam ? all that time we be first see each other you do not know I be tightly wound -- SAM it be not just you , Bunny . bunny no , it be not , be it ? you do not exactly throw yourself into it heart and soul , do you ? she look at he for a uncomfortably long moment -- bunny you shit 's still in the garage if that 's what you come for . Sam nod , stand . Bunny be in tear -- bunny 350 pound . SAM what ? bunny this boy from West side , play tackle both way . bench -press 350 pound . you imagine have that much weight on top of you ? push down ? be hard to breathe . hard to swallow . SAM I think they have another fella there to keep it off you chest . a spotter . bunny " I only get my little girl now , " he say , " she 's my lifeline . " then he tell I I can not be in the box anymore if I can not control myself . sonofabitch do not even watch the damn game , just sit there drink with he bidness friend , look up at the tv now and then . I do better to sit in the cheap seat with some real football people . SAM ( edging out ) you look good , Bunny . it 's nice to see you . bunny ( smile ) thanks . I like it when you say that , Sam . ext . STREET -- ciudad leon Enrique look nervously over he shoulder before step into a funky apartment building . we tilt up to the second floor balcony , where a little boy be watch the street -- int . apartment there be eight people not include the little boy on the balcony . all be secure they possession -- roll thing in blanket , fill shopping bag and grain sack . Enrique step in -- enrique todos estamo ? [ everybody here ? ] anselma reach up from the floor to take he hand -- anselma Van a disparar a nosotros ? [ be they go to shoot at we ? ] enrique nadie nos veran . seramos invisible . nobody 's go to see we . we will be invisible . ] int . garage -- kincaid house -- day a mess . we start on a campaign poster with Sam 's face on it and the legend -- " one good deed deserve another --vote SAM deed for county sheriff " . we pan to see Sam , who have be digging through pile of old junk , set down the box he be look for -- closer Sam pull out a old holster , a sheaf of real estate and insurance form , a couple of old paperback Zane grey western . he pull out a crack leather pouch , turn it over -- letter fall out . he examine a envelope - - no stamp or postmark -- pull a letter out , read -- SAM " dearest buddy - - " he put the letter down for a moment , think . he need to know . he pick the letter up again , read . int . otis' house -- evening carolyn cross the live room to answer the ring at the front door . Del stand there -- carolyn hey , it 's the General . del Colonel . be uhm -- be otis in ? carolyn come on in -- del if it 's too late -- carolyn come on in . Del enter the house as if walk into a ambush -- int . otis' live room -- evening carolyn sit back in the couch , drink in hand , check Del out -- carolyn otis sittin ' up with some people at the club . I do not think he will be long . cu del uncomfortable , sit at the edge of a easy chair . he look at a mount magazine photo of otis smile as he pour hot sauce on a rack of rib -- carolyn his hot sauce recipe win a contest last year . they sellin ' it far away as San Antonio . he get a lot of talent , you father . Del squirm a bit at the word " father " -- del you have be in this house for a while ? carolyn I be here with he eight year now . he build it when he be with leora . del I never meet she . carolyn there be a bunch of them you never meet . I neither . Del look around the live room -- carolyn let I show you around -- int . den -- photograph a blowup of a photo of a squad of buffalo Soldiers be mount on the wall -- carolyn ( o.s. ) he get into all this cowboy and Indians stuff awhile back . spend half he time pokin ' around in the library way up to Austin . cu del he look at something below -- del' Pov -- clipping we pan slowly over laminate newspaper clipping mount behind a picture of young Del in a track uniform , hold a vaulting pole . the clipping be about Del make honor roll , win a Silver Star in Vietnam , graduate from Officer candidate School , be name head of this and that in the Army -- carolyn ( o.s. ) kind of like a shrine , be not it ? del , carolyn carolyn stand behind , watch Del 's face as he look at the stuff -- del where would he get all this ? carolyn you mother get a brother -- alphonse -- del uncle Al -- carolyn otis stand on good term with the man . whenever you do something make the news , he send it on . when they make you General , otis just about drive away all we customer go on about it . del I be a colonel . carolyn yeah , I know -- man make I memorize the whole damn Army chain of command before he would marry I . so this be a big deal , commander and all ? del it 's a small post and they be phase it out in two year , but I move up in rank and -- well , a command be a command . carolyn otis go on like you be that guy who win the Gulf war. Colin whatsit . del my mother say he never ask about -- carolyn he never ask she . it 's a bit too much for Del -- del listen , I uh -- tell he I come by . thanks -- we hold on carolyn as he hurry out . she salute -- carolyn catch you later , Colonel . ext . river -- night people , crouching low , wade across the river toward we . when he get close enough to we , we recognize Enrique , nervously lead a group of mexican man , woman and child to the U.S. side . they be space out in the dark , loosely hold the line Enrique make in one hand and hold they bundle high away from the water with the other . Enrique turn as he hear a woman' cry . the line go slack , then nestor step out of the darkness to join he -- enrique que paso ? [ what happen ? ] nestor anselma cayo en las roca . creo que la pierna ha sido root --[ anselma feel on the rock . I think she leg 's break - - ] two man struggle forward support anselma , try to hold she leg out straight in front of she . she be in a lot of pain -- nestor no podemo alcanzar el camion llevando a ella . Hay lugar para esconderla ? [ we can not reach the truck if we be carry she . be there somewhere to hide she ? ] Enrique think , try not to panic , as the other come up around he -- enrique conozco solamente una persona con casa --[ I only know one person with a house --] anselma ( in pain ) esta lejo ? [ be it far ? ] ext . patio -- night mercede sit on she recliner , drink in hand . a old record play from inside . she be startle by the voice from the dark -- enrique ( o.s. ) senora Cruz ? mercede ( stand ) quien es ? [ who be it ? ] enrique soy yo , Enrique ! no tiene miedo -- [ it 's I , Enrique . do not be afraid ] Enrique step out into the light . his pants be wet and he 's scared -- mercede what be you do out there ? be you crazy ? enrique Hay pasado un accidente muy grave -- [ there 's be a bad accident -- ] mercede in English , Enrique . we be in the United States -- enrique I have some friend who have have a accident -- mercede you have somebody else out there ? enrique we be by the river ? and I hear my friend callin ' for help , and I look and she have fall in the water -- mercede do not tell I lie , Enrique . que paso ? enrique we be crossin ' the river -- nestor appear in the light now , support anselma , who hop awkwardly to move forward -- mercede Enrique ! quien son estos ? how could you bring they here ? enrique they need help . Jaime , anselma - - esta es mis jefa -- nestor senora -- mercede I will call the border patrol , they will get she to the hospital . enrique no ! no puede hacer esto -- [ you can not do that --] mercede you think you be do this people a favor ? what be they go to do ? either they get on welfare or they become criminal -- enrique no es la verdad - - [ that be not true -- ] nestor con permiso , senora , la muchacha tiene mucho dolor --[ please , senora , the girl be in a lot of pain -- ] mercede grudgingly indicate the lounge chair -- mercede sientase . [ sit . ] nestor es muy amable . [ you be very kind . ] he and Enrique help anselma into the chair . the girl look up at mercede , frighten -- anselma ayudano , senora , por favor no podemo regresar - - [ help we , senora , please . we can not go back ] mercede look at anselma disapprovingly . the girl can not be more than 14 -- mercede this girl be a friend of yours ? enrique es mis novia . [ she 's my girlfriend . ] mercede I think you be marry ! enrique I be marry to the cousin of a friend -- but only to be able to live here . this be the mother of my child -- mercede this girl have a child ? enrique we have a daughter . mercede ( scornful ) tipico . ext . house -- night Sam stand at the front door of a house on the lake , bang on the door -- SAM hollis ? you in there ? hollis ? ext . river -- night moonlight kick off the surface of the water . we hear splashing , the frighten voice of a young woman -- young mercede ( o.s. ) donde esta ? estoy perdido --[ where be you ? I be lose --] eladio ( o.s. , distant ) aqui ! [ here ! ] the girl flounder into the shot , wet and scared . Young mercede , a teenager not unlike anselma be wading thigh - deep in the Rio , lose , scared -- young mercede no puedo ver la orilla ! [ I can not see the bank ! ] eladio ( o.s. ) aqui ! venga por aqui ! [ over here ! come this way ! ] mercede struggle toward the voice and suddenly a young man become visible , stand in the water , hold he band out for she , eladio -- young mercede vi a Rosaria arastrado para el corriente - -[ I see Rosaria take away by the current -- ] eladio no the molestas . tenemos a ella . [ do not worry . we have get she . ] he take she arm , pull she toward the far shore -- eladio como se llama ? [ what 's you name ? ] young mercede mercede Gonzales Ruiz . eladio ( smile ) I llama eladio Cruz --bienvenido a tejas . [ welcome to Texas . ] dissolve to : ext . mercede ' house -- mercede mercede be lose in think as she recall . she step into the light by the carport . Enrique and nestor be prop anselma 's leg up on pillow in the back of mercede ' old station wagon -- mercede rapidamente ! everybody in the world be go to see ! enrique donde vamos ? [ where be we go ? ] mercede a casa de porfirio Zayas . he use to be a doctor on the other side . gunshot wound , fix baby -- if you can pay he can handle it . enrique senora , anything it cost , I can work -- mercede do not worry about it . he owe I some favor . Enrique turn to anselma still frighten in the rear of the station wagon -- enrique Seas tranquila , mija . ( nod to mercede ) estamos en las mano de senora Cruz . [ just relax , honey . we be in the hand of senora Cruz . ] mercede start the car -- mercede in English , Enrique . in English -- int . del' house -- dine room Del step in . Chet sit at the table , draw a cartoon in panel . Del look over he shoulder for a moment -- cartoon a tank roll over barb wire , cannon and machine gun blast away -- del ( o.s. ) homework ? del and chet chet I finish that . I be just mess around . del tank , huh ? chet you get to be in the Army , you might as well have something slick to drive . del so you be go into the Army ? Chet look at he , not in a good mood , then go back to he draw -- chet that 's the general plan , be not it ? Del watch for a long moment , think -- del ( softly ) that 's up to you . Chet look at he father again . all this be news to he -- del the Army be not for everybody . Chet can not quite believe he be hearing this . Del cross to the refrigerator -- del not that I do not think you would be good at it , but -- you know -- I would not be disappointed if you decide to do something else with you life . chet you would not ? del no . Chet nod , begin to play again , consider the possibility . Del be make a effort and he do not have much practice -- del how 's you room shaping up ? chet Fine . I be pretty much move in . del good . a awkward silence -- chet ( tentative ) be we go to ever see you father ? del my father . chet yeah . he life here , right ? del he do . Del pull some food out , watch Chet as he draw -- del maybe we will clean that thing out back up , have a barbecue next weekend . we could invite he and he wife over . chet cool . Chet flip the page of he sketchbook -- chet he make he own sauce . ext . parking lot , big o's -- night the neon 's off , but there be a couple car in the lot and a light within . Sam pull into the lot , step out , approach the door -- int . club the door open . the place be empty now except for otis , stand behind the bar , deep in conversation with hollis , sit on a stool . both swivel to look around guiltily as they hear Sam step in -- reverse Sam walk in slowly , crossing the floor to bring we back to the two men-- SAM fellas . hollis hey , Sam . SAM open late . otis I be not open . we be just talk . SAM hollis probably tell you we find charley Wade . otis yeah . how about that ? people start digging hole in this county , there 's no tell what will come up . he sit a few stool away from hollis -- SAM you two see it , do not you ? you two see it when buddy kill he . hollis and 0tis look at each other -- SAM imonna find out one way or the other . hollis you father have the finest sense of justice of any man I ever meet -- SAM yeah , and my mother be a saint . for fifteen year the whole damn town know he have another woman on the side . stole ten thousand dollar to set she up in business . but hell , what 's that ? you get a problem ? buddy will fix it . facing some time in jail ? buddy will knock half of it off -- if you do what he say , when he say . you get some business that 's not exactly legal ? talk to buddy -- hollis buddy deed -- SAM buddy deed be a murderer . he look at the two older man for a long moment -- SAM that night in the cafe -- he do not stay long after you leave , do he , hollis ? maybe he decide he would go too far with Wade , maybe he figure he better not wait for the sheriff to get behind he . so he step out to see if he could catch up -- and you be here at the club that night , be not you , o ? otis sigh , begin to speak softly -- otis I be here . cu otis he turn to look toward the door as he reminisc , and we pan away with he gaze -- otis ( o.s. ) I would be run a game on the side after hour crap , draw poker on the weekend . roderick do not know about it . more important , charley Wade do not know about it , ' cause I do not want to cut he in . I suppose I would be drink some , and I be pretty full of myself in that day -- but hell , I just do not expect the man so early -- sheriff Wade and Young hollis step in the door and we be back in 1957 . blue harmonica fade up , wail from the jukebox . they stop and look at the place -- there Pov -- club music continue . the club be empty , dark . a light shine from the back room . int . back room music continue . smoke fill the air and Young otis sit back laugh , a large pile of money on the table in front of he . the other four black men at the table be not do so well . one by one they all look up past the camera to the door -- cu otis music continue . Young otis do not see at first , engage in deal the card . finally , he sense the presence , look up -- WADE and hollis -- young o's Pov music continue . Wade stand over the table in the f.g. , Young hollis hang back in the doorway . Wade be smile he cold smile , cursing -- cu young otis music continue . try to look unimpress -- extreme cu wade's eye cold and unblink . music continue -- extreme cu wade's mouth twisted in a snarl as he curse . music continue -- men , table music continue . we shoot past Wade 's body as the other man step away from the table , grab they hat , and hurry out the side door . Young otis be leave sit at the table . Wade start walk toward he -- cu young otis music continue . his eye follow as Wade come to stand over he -- WADE , young otis music continue . Wade grab the table and violently jerk it over onto Young otis , card and money fly -- young hollis music continue . watch squeamishly as Wade go to work on young otis , the overhead light swinging wildly -- int . barroom music continue . Young otis be hurl out of the back room , face bruise and bleed . Wade follow , then Young hollis - - closer music continue . closer Wade put he gun next to Young otis 's ear , cursing at he . Young otis get to he foot , go behind the bar -- bar counter music continue . Young otis slap a envelope full of cash onto the counter -- WADE music continue . he wave he pistol , indicate something behind otis -- int . bar music continue . we shoot past Wade at the counter as otis turn and reach for a cigar box on the shelf behind -- cigar BOX music continue . lying open , a old pistol inside of it . Young otis reach -- cu young hollis music continue . frown as he sense something wrong -- WADE music continue . Wade level he gun at Young otis 's back , then turn to wink at hollis like he do before he shot eladio -- wade's hand music continue . finger close around the trigger of the .45 -- hollis music continue . mouth open in horror -- WADE music continue . eye burn as he aim -- buddy music continue . stepping in the door , see , call out -- young otis music continue . turn to see buddy -- WADE blam ! thwap ! a bullet plow through he neck , knock he back against the bar . music continue . his gun fall from he hand -- young otis horrify , splatter with the sheriff 's blood . music continue -- bar counter music continue . twenty -dollar bill have spill out of the envelope and be soaking up blood -- cu buddy calm and hard - eye . music continue . as he step forward , we see he pistol be still in its holster . he reach out and take the .45 from Young hollis 's shaking hand , look he in the eye till hollis look back , then look toward Young otis - - we pan with he gaze to a close - up of otis , back in the present . the music fade -- otis sheriff charley have some real big friend in politics then , and if the truth come out it be not go to go easy on hollis . ( he shrug ) I do not know why I trust buddy with it -- do not know why he trust I . the first time I ever talk with he be right there , and then with a dead white man leakin ' blood on the floor between we . he could charm the scale off a rattler , buddy deed . wider this be not what Sam be expect . hollis watch he face -- hollis the three of we clean up and take he to the post and put he under . can not say I be much help . SAM and the ten thousand ? hollis widow 's benefit . he figure it would make the disappearance look better , and that mexican gal be just scrapin ' by after charley kill she man . they do not get hook up till late -- otis time go on , people like the story that we tell better than anything the truth might have be . Sam swivel around on he seat to take at the spot where charley fall . he have a lot of information to deal with -- hollis what 's the call , Sam ? Sam roll it over in he mind before answer -- SAM do not think the ranger be likely to find out any more than they already have . hollis Word get out who that body be , people be gonna think buddy do it . Sam get up -- SAM buddy 's a goddamn legend . he can handle it . he head for the door -- SAM ' night , fella . hollis and otis watch he go -- fade out : ext . drive - in , wide shot -- morning we see Sam sit on the hood of he car park in the desert drive - in lot , stare up at the ruin screen . pilar 's car roll in , park beside he -- closer pilar get out , kiss Sam , sit by he on the hood -- pilar when 's the picture start ? Sam look at she for a moment -- SAM you gonna tell you mother we be see each other ? pilar she will figure it out sooner or later . I do not have to ask permission anymore , if that 's what you mean . SAM you have any idea when you father die ? eladio ? pilar ( shrug ) couple month before I be bear -- SAM try a year and a half . he band she a old snapshot . pilar look at it -- cu photo buddy and Young mercede on the lake . buddy with he shirt off on one end of a sailboat , mercede in a bathing suit , both smile for the camera -- SAM and pilar pilar hand the photo back to he , try to be calm -- pilar I have never see my mother in a bathing suit before . do not know she own one . SAM buddy buy the cafe for she with money he take from the county . pilar look away , struggle not to cry -- pilar they can not pull this on I . it be not fair -- I do not believe this -- SAM he pay the hospital bill when you be bear . you mom always call you " we beautiful daughter " in the letter she write to he . pilar from the first time I see you at school -- all that year we be marry to other people I always feel like we be connect . SAM I remember think you be the one part of my life buddy do not have a piece of -- a silence , both of they wonder what the next move should be -- pilar so that 's it ? you be not go to want to be with I anymore ? Sam know what he feel but do not have the word -- pilar I be not have any more child . after amado , I have some complication -- I can not get pregnant again , if that 's what the rule be about -- SAM if I meet you for the first time today , I would still want to be with you . it be what pilar need to hear -- pilar we start from scratch -- SAM yeah -- pilar everything that go before , all that stuff , that history -- the hell with it , right ? pilar take Sam 's hand , kiss he -- pilar forget the alamo . wide shot , drive - in Sam and pilar sit by each other hold hand , look at the empty screen -- music , roll credit the end