looney tune : back in action yellow page Story by larry doyle draft by glen ficarra & JOHN requa larry doyle roger schulman adam resnick current revision by larry doyle October 25 , 2002 over black we hear '' merrily we Roll along , '' a strangely forbode pipe organ version . then scream . animated in the style of '' batman beyond '' 1 a terrify crowd rush the screen , escape elmer , in evil clown make - up , riding atop a mammoth 19th century circus calliope . scream steam shoot from the calliope as mechanical arm overturn car and loot store . elmer ( maniacal laugh ) a dark figure drop down in its path . it 's daffy . he face off against the mechanical monstrosity . a steel claw grab for he ; he leap aside . he jump on the claw . daffy be hoist skyward . he spy a small open panel on the calliope . it be a maze of wire and circuit . in daffy' computer -like mind , the circuit be analyze in 3 - D and the system 's Achilles heel be locate . a grim daffy pluck a feather from he chin and direct the quill precisely into the circuit board . the circuit crackle . the calliope shudder and buck . the calliope explode into a fireball , which daffy ride toward camera a la '' Mission : impossible . '' voice ( 0.s. ) hold on . the cartoon image on screen freeze . int . conference room - day 2 daffy sit at a large conference table head by mr . warner and mr . warner' brother . the end of the table be cramme with identical junior executive , on chair that put they head only halfway above the lip of the table . daffy wait . there 's a love story ... mr . warner ( perplex ) you kill elmer . ( continued ) continued : 2 mr . warner' brother you can not kill elmer . daffy he come back from the dead later . scar-face and even more insane . elmer I do not want to play a crazy clown . I be afraid of clown . bug ( 0.s. ) what 's up , Doc ? bug bunny stand at the doorway to the conference room , dramatically backlit . back to scene all the junior executive at the table laugh uproariously . daffy look steam . on bug as he stroll to he seat , he gesture to executive in they chair . bug ( cont 'd ) Colin , see the piece in variety . Mr. Big shot ... hey , Kyle . Day twenty - three , right ?... Jerry J .! bug play box with a executive affectionately , then turn to another executive , very concerned . bug ( cont 'd ) ( very sincere ) Ian , if you sister need anymore bone marrow , I be there . bug sit down and turn to daffy . bug ( cont ’d ) so daf , I be read this rewrite you do and I only get one question . where 's I ? daffy ( eye roll ) actor . ( more ) ( continued ) % + eh es + eh 2a. continued : ( 2 ) 2 daffy ( cont 'd ) ( patronize ) I be get to you part , bugsy . animated in the style of batman beyond 3 as the calliope explode from several angle , we pan down to street level . a manhole cover open and a particularly dumb-look bug emerge , chomping a carrot . bug duh ... what 's up , Doc ? the carrot be reveal to have a fast - burn fuse . it explode . a char bug look stupefy . then a huge , flame chunk of calliope land on he head . back to scene 4 bug rise , nonchalant , readying he exit . ( continued ) continued : bug Fine with I . the money all go to the wife anyway . daffy ( smug , victorious ) we will invite you to the premiere ! kate ( 0.s. ) Excuse I , I be sorry . this be kate . she speak quickly , confidently , as if she do not need anything or anybody , but we all know better . kate ( cont 'd ) I do not think we can have a bug Bunny movie without bug Bunny . mr . warner a bug Bunny movie without bug Bunny ? whoever hear of such a thing ? mr . warner 's brother I think we just do . daffy pace down the table , act thoughtful . daffy oh my , heaven no . you could not have a movie without bug Bunny . riot in the street . the fall of western civilization . it would be like meatless meat . creme without brulee . daffy wind up stand on the table in kate 's face . daffy ( cont ’d ) ( very condescending ) say , if you do not mind my ask , whose assistant be you ? kate grab daffy 's hand and squeeze it . his head expands . kate kate houghton . executive vice President . ( dead serious ) Comedy . he hhh HH of * + eh +e * hf ( continued ) 3a . continued : ( 2 ) 4 as kate release daffy 's hand , daffy 's head deflate to slightly less than normal accompany by the high squeak of a leaking balloon . mr . warner ( enthusiastic ) kate do '' lethal weapon Babies . '' he point to a poster similar to a '' lethal weapon '' poster , only Danny glover and mel Gibson be airbrush baby ( not cartoon ) . the catchphrase be '' nap time 's over . '' the movie be rate pg - 17 . mr . warner 's brother finally , a '' lethal weapon '' I can take my grandchild to . mr . warner we have bring kate in because we think she can really add something to the loopy tune mix . we see daffy make a quick calculation in he head and then suddenly turn to kate , suck up desperately . daffy Fresh perspective , just what we need -- new idea for a post - bug - — Bunny world . kate pull out she extremely cool sprint computer / phone and call up a bunch of chart and graph on it . ( continued ) * a +e % + eh + eh continued : ( 3 ) 4 kate actually , we latest research show that bug Bunny be a core asset that appeal to male and female , young and old , throughout the know universe ... we cut to bug . he be busily clean himself , lick he paw and rub it over he face . kate ( cont 'd ) ...- while you fanbase be limited to angry fat guy in basement . and there 's only seven of they . daffy do you count Ted ? kate ( check phone ) yes . daffy swallows nervously . he turn to the Warner Brothers , plead . daffy C ‘mmmmmmon , fella ! I be thrice the entertainer the rabbit be ! bug < casual belch > the room burst into laughter . daffy ( dryly ) | yes , he 's hilarious . but moviegoer this day demand action ! daffy launch into a kung fu routine : daffy ( cont 'd ) hah ! Ho ! ah-cha-cha ! daffy execute a flurry of judo- like move , result in he arm be stick in he ear up to he elbow ( he hand protrude from the opposite ear . ) daffy extract he hand and shake goo off it . daffy ( cont 'd ) top that , rabbit ! ( continued ) continued : ( 4 ) 4 bug gracefully assume a elaborate karate pose . bug ( perfectly poise ) Kong que ( Kong kyu - yu-ah ) . '' the peacock . '' he lightly flick the back of daffy 's head with he toe . daffy 's eye pop out and bounce around on the table . various executive ooh / aah / etc. daffy blindly swipe at the awkwardly bounce eye ( which watch with alarm ) . bug throw some jack down on the table and start pick they up as the eye bounce . daffy angrily catch he eye , then shove the eye up close to bug 's face . they squint . daffy despicable . kate you can not have he eyeball fall out like that . it make people think of they own eyeball fall out . shove he eye back in , daffy take he stand . daffy so , it have come to this . I be afraid the brother Warner must choose between a handsome matinee idol , or ... we cut back to bug . he be offer he finger to a executive , happily . the executive tentatively pull it . confetti fly out of bug 's ear . daffy ( cont 'd ) ... this miscreant perpetrator of low burlesque ! kate ( arbitrate ) look , I do not think it have to be one or -- mr . warner ( quickly ) miscreant perpetrator of low burlesque . ( continued ) * +e * hf * + eh + eh 5a . continued : ( 5 ) 4 mr . warner 's brother whichever one 's not the duck . Mr. Warner reach down , and pick up a cardboard box contain assort picture and stuff daffys , etc . ( a black - and - white picture of daffy with Nixon , six - pound barbell , one of that executive clacky - ball thing , a bottle of chambord ) . mr . warner here 's the stuff from you office . bug start casually pick through the stuff . daffy be stunne . kate appear , confuse . kate ( clarify ) you be fire daffy duck ? mr . warner oh no , we be not fire daffy duck . mr . warner 's brother you be . kate ( accept decision ) okay . she turn to daffy , businesslike and start lead he out . kate ( cont 'd ) I be sorry it have to come to this . I really like you work . huge fan . that whole ... ( do Donald duck ) kate start to lead daffy out . he turn back toward the Warner Brothers , spout tear , even as kate continue to move he toward the door . ( continued ) +e hf ff % +e hf ff * * continued : ( 6 ) daffy wait !! I unquit ! I de -resign ! I take it all baaa-ack !!! bug appear , hold a piece of paper . bug how you can take back this vicious letter of resignation ? daffy I do not write any - ( start to read ) '' never in all my life '' ... sound like I ... '' incompetent nincompoopery '' ... wow , I sure know how to burn my bridge ... kate let I walk you out . as they walk out ... bug look , I be gonna try to keep this out of the trade . voice outside build ( yell ) daffy 's be fire ! voice further away ( yell ) execs axe quack hack ! ext . warner bros lot — day dj , a strapping , handsome fellow , stand guard . kate walk up grip daffy 's forearm as he squirm like a little kid . bug stroll on she other side . kate I need you to eject this duck . dj this duck ? this be daffy duck . kate not anymore . we own the name . bug ( to daffy , helpfully ) I get the rights to goofy Goose . you can use that till you get back on you foot . daffy ( indignant ) they can not stop I from call myself D - he choke on it . the name will not come out . dj you fire daffy duck ? kate no , that be not -- well , I do , but only because they -- dj ( understanding ) just follow order . kate ( get he drift ) I be have a bad enough day . dj it must be hard on the soul to become something you hate in order to keep a job you be not even sure you want . daffy you tell she , sister . ( continued ) ee ek * eee eh of * continued : 7a . bug ( admire ) man , it 's like you read she back story . kate please . both of you . shut up . bug and daffy be suddenly wear buster keaton and Charlie chaplin outfit . they overdramatically '' zip '' they lip in unison . and , oh yes , they be animated in black and white . silent movie art card '' yes , mar ’am ! '' kate turn to dj . she look beat . he kate ( cont 'd ) ( defensive ) you do not know I . dj kate houghton . drive a red 1989 Alpha Romeo Graduate . good engine , but under-driven . ( beat ; off kate 's look ) you drive past I every day . of course , why would you notice , I be just the security guard . at he . kate ( coolly ) you do not know I . look at she . dj you still want I to eject the duck ? kate ( get piss ) uh , yeah . be that go to be difficult for you ? dj a little . you let he escape . ( continued ) ek * ee hf * ho fh HH HH * * es * 7a 7b . continued : ( 2 ) kate look down . her hand be empty . daffy be , indeed , go . fluster , she lash out at d.j. kate ( sarcastic ) what do you do now ? call for backup ? dj look around for daffy . suddenly daffy zip in behind he , run up he back , and stand on he head . daffy I go that a-away ! daffy run down and over dj 's face and zip off in the direction he point . now piss , dj give chase . kate and bug walk off . kate how do snooty 's sound for lunch ? bug / daffy ( 0.s. ) a little pretentious . omit 6 ext . backlot —- continuous 7 dj chase daffy in and around various stagehand who be carry or carting prop that will appear later in the movie . there be also costume actor we will see later . dj stop ! or i’1l write a report ! a giant stone monkey head be be hoist by a crane . daffy jump into the cab , surprising the operator . he pull a lever . the giant stone monkey head drop . dj catch it and hand it to a stagehand . daffy take off . omit 7a ext . backlot - movie set - day 8 daffy scurries up a ladder propped against the back of a particularly cheap -look building flat . he quickly pull up the ladder after he . ( continued ) a % 7c . continued : 8 dj arrive as daffy disappear through a window on the flat . see there 's no ladder , dj leap up onto the flat and begin scale the wood support . 8a 9a omit 8a ext . backlot - movie set - continuous 9 dj climb out the window daffy escape through . we now see he be on the ledge of a dark , gothic building . it 's surprisingly realistic look for a '' flat . '' also on the ledge next to he be batman , who throw he hand up , exasperate . big hollywood director ( 0.s. ) cut! cut ! dj turn to the voice , lose he foot and fall . we see on the ground there be a giant airbag . dj fall just beyond the airbag , hit the ground hard . he pop back up a second later . dj I be okay ! big hollywood director who care ? dj be about to respond when he see : daffy hop into the batmobile . angry pas come at dj . he flick they off like fly . on the batmobile daffy grab the control . daffy to the duckcave ! a hand grab he by the throat . ext . backlot —- continuous 9a dj , carry daffy by the neck , walk away from the batmobile , toward camera . he do not see the flame shoot from the back of the batmobile . but daffy do . daffy so , feel pretty good about yourself ? ( continued ) 9a 10-11 12 9 . continued : 9a dj I be . in the b.g. , the batmobile start to move . daffy you best that dastardly duck . dj I do . the batmobile be move pretty fast now . folk start to run after it . daffy be watch all this . daffy and now you be go to offer you catch to the pretty executive ... dj indeed . in the b.g. , the batmobile crash into the Warner Brothers water tower , knock one of its support completely clear . omit 10- 11 ext . backlot - STREET 12 kate drive bug in she cabriolet convertible . bug if daffy 's not careful , he 's gonna end up on Saturday morning , wear a diaper . ; dj ( 0.s8 . ) hey ! kate turn and see : her Pov dj stand and proudly hold daffy aloft . right behind he , though , the water tower be toppling over and come right at she . another angle the water tower spill a wall of water onto kate and bug . dj and daffy escape injury when the leg of the tower land on either side of they . ( continued ) * 12 12a-c 13 10 . continued : 12 on the car kate sputter , neck deep in water . bug float in a inflatable ring , wear sunglass , laugh . bug this be why I hate drive in L.A. a furious kate glare at dj hold daffy . daffy ( to dj ) I think she like you . omit 12a-c ext . warner brother 's gate - day 13 dj , stripped of he guard shirt ( he wear a muscle T ) , fly out the gate , do a midair somersault and land on he foot . just as he straighten up , daffy fly out from the gate and onto the back of dj 's head . dj turn around but daffy remain in place ; he 's now wrap around dj 's face . daffy let I get off you face there . dj yes . that would be lovely . daffy climb down . he gesture inside the gate , where there be much commotion and destruction . daffy ooh . I better give they a couple hour to cool off . ( to dj ) so , where for lunch ? I be ban at the follow restaurant : spago , orso , Der wienerschnitzel ... dj go away . dj be unlock a dubiously street legal motorbike from a nearby pole . daffy walk up . daffy hey , what give ? we have share . ( continued ) 13 14 15 11 . continued : 13 dj and it be a delight . but now I must move on with my life , which , it sadden I to report , will not include any insane duck ... daffy you sir , be a snob ! a specie-ist ! dj , now on the bike , pop a wheelie , twirl the bike around once on its back wheel , and speed off frame . oddly , this kick much smoke and dust into daffy 's face . daffy ( cont 'd ) ( cough , call ) you just buy yourself a lawsuit ! omit 14 int . warner bros . commissary - day 15 various warner brother star lunch casually with time - Warner cartoon celebrity of they choice . we pan across a couple of table . in the first , porky pig complain to he sympathetic celebrity friend . porky ( san stutter ) they tell I , lose the speech impediment , it 's not politically correct . so I lose the speech impediment . now they tell I I be not funny ! in the second , a traditionally animated shaggy and scooby doo be talk to matthew lillard , play himself . shaggy you , like , make I sound like a , like , total space cadet . matthew lillard I be sorry you feel that way . I try to be true to you character . shaggy lean over the booth aggressively . ( continued ) % + HH HH 11a . 15 continued : 15 shaggy if you , like , goof on I in the sequel , I be come after you ! scooby get into Matthew lillard 's face , growling very , very realistically . Matthew do a scared shaggy take . bug and kate be at the third table . ( continued ) 15 continued : 12 . ( 2 ) 15 kate some area of the script I think we need to address : there 's no heart , no one 's cooperate , nobody learn anything ... bug daffy learn not to stick he head in a jet engine . kate he 's go . bug oh , do not you know ? daffy always come back . I just tell he how much I need he . we hug . we cry . I drop something heavy on he . I laugh . kate produce she cellphone and make a few quick motion with the stylus . kate he 's delete . we need to move on . bug you will go far in this business . kate I already have . the question be , how can I help you reposition you brand identity ? answer : team you up with a hot female co-star ! bug I do not think I have feel right about drop heavy thing on a girl ... kate we change the dynamic . you still can not stand each other , but now you fall madly in love ... bug usually I play the female love interest . bug whip on a crimson gown and platinum wig . kate about the cross-dressing . in the past , funny . today , disturbing . ( continued ) % + fh fh HH ff + HH hf +e * hf % 15 12a . continued : ( 3 ) 15 bug smack he ruby lip at kate sexily . she wince . kate ( cont 'd ) look , I can not reinvigorate you if you will not play ball with I ... a baseball plop into kate 's drink , splash she . bug sit across from she in a baseball uniform , pound he fist into a glove and chawing on something . ( continued ) 15 13 . continued : ( 4 ) 15 kate ( cont 'd ) that 's not funny . bug we disagree . kate let 's change the subject . here , you will love this . the consumer product people visualize some concept for you new look . kate produce a sketch of bug wear baggy lowrider , half shirt and rasta cap . kate ( cont 'd ) urban suburban . urban look , but roomier in the waist . kate look to bug for affirmation . his stare back icily , with , of course , ice hang off he face . kate ( cont 'd ) you do not like it . bug no offense , sweetcake , but I like my look , and for that matter , he may get on my nerve , and he take money from my wallet , but when it come to sidekick ... kate ( put foot down ) stop. listen . I be try to be nice , but I be bring in to leverage you synergy , and I be not go to let you or some wacky duck — bug daffy . kate wacky , daffy , nutty , fruitcake duck , it do not matter , the mental health group be go to line we up and shoot we ! bug wear a blindfold and french beret , a unlit cigarette in he lip . ( continued ) + HH hf * he hhh ok * 13a . 15 continued : ( 5 ) 15 bug ( french accent ) tell gigi , fifi , cece and Zuzu I love they . kate , in a complete panic , reach over and knock the cigarette out of bug 's mouth . kate you can not smoke ! kid be watch ! kate point . sitting on the floor be ralph phillip and he friend , stare up at they as if it 's tv . ralph phillip I want to smoke what bug smoke . friend if bug Bunny jump off a cliff , would you jump off a cliff ? ralph phillip I sure would . kate be completely flummox . she steel herself ; it look like she 's go to have to pull rank . kate as the executive on this project , I have to insist that we do every single thing I say . bug as the recipient of this ... he place five oscar-like statue on the table . he then hoist up he Hollywood walk of Fame star , which he have apparently jack - hammer out of the sidewalk . bug ( cont 'd ) -.. and this , I insist we do thing like we have always do they , which include get daffy back . daffy duckish voice ( 0.s. ) I be back , bugsy ! ( continued ) 15 16 14 , continued : ( 6 ) 15 it 's jamie kennedy , in a cheap duck costume . kate ( pitching ) can you believe it ? we get Jamie Kennedy ! bug get up . he stare at kate calmly . bug of course you realize : this mean war . bug exit . kate call after he angrily . kate we own that catchphrase ! kate sigh deeply , frustrated and upset . suddenly , a huge black duck tail be shove in she face . jamie kennedy could you be a doll and scratch that for I ? as kate make a face , we pan over to another table where martin sheen be talk to a Max fleisher - style superman . martin sheen there 's a couple of Republicans in the Senate who need a little timeout in the fortress of solitude , if you catch my drift ... superman you realize you be not actually the president , right ? the camera continue pan . ext . drake house — afternoon 16 a fancy English tudor . dj ride up on he motorbike . granny ( 0.s. ) Little damian ! granny be clipping the hedge next door . tweety be ina cage on a stand next to she . the top of sylvester 's head can be view eying tweety . dj wave back , smile warmly but wearily . ( continued ) +e hf * +e hf ff % 14a . 16 continued : 16 dj hey , granny ! tweety ! tweety how be you first day at work ? dj eventful . dj go in the house . granny I do not plant cat tail . granny lop off sylvester 's tail , which be hover there . sylvester drop out of view . 17 int . drake house - day 17 dj enter the house . he shut the door and sigh deeply . there be the sudden sound of he gym bag unzipping . daffy climb out . daffy look , it 's you old friend , daffy duck . daffy stick out he tongue and give dj a great big wet willy ( tongue in ear ) . dj hey , how ...? ( continued ) 15 . continued : 17 daffy do not think about it for too long ; it will just mess with you head . daffy stroll around the place , touch everything , turn stuff over , shaking it , etc . daffy ( cont 'd ) Nice place . ( sniff ) what have you get , a goat ? dj I be sorry . do I miss the part where I invite you in ? daffy place he hand on a neat stack of magazine and spread they haphazardly across the table . he glance at the cover . bug be on every one . daffy snort . daffy liberal media bias . daffy pick up a Hollywood reporter , which somehow manage to get print , deliver and end up in a pile of read magazine in a house . daffy ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) well , no such thing as bad ... ( notice something ) qooo ... dj perhaps I be be too polite . get out . daffy turn casually away . daffy I be go . I be go . on aquarium daffy look into the aquarium with seemingly academic interest . daffy ah , a ichthyologium . suddenly , daffy shove he hand into the aquarium , pluck out a large tropical fish and pop it into he mouth . ( continued ) + eh % + eh 15a . continued : dj run up , grab daffy , and stick he hand down daffy 's throat . he pull out a donut . daffy ( cont 'd ) ( scolding ) personal space ! he reach back down daffy 's throat , pull out the fish , and put it back into the tank . over this , daffy complain . daffy ( cont 'd ) hey , I be digest that ! dj daffy ... daffy ( strangle voice ) speak . dj leave my father 's house , now . dj squish daffy down . daffy now you have get a lawsuit on you hand . daffy spring up and jump onto the piano stool . ( note : let 's not do the piano bit that 's here . it really hurt the continuity . ) daffy ( cont 'd ) wait . you live with you father ? dj kinda , sorta ... daffy drop off the table , roll and laugh . daffy ( laugh ) that 's rich ! as he laugh , daffy pound on the piano key with he fist . he continue laugh , pound he fist on top of the piano as he crawl up onto it . his fist stop in mid-pound when he see all the poster on the wall . then he stop laugh abruptly . ( continued ) % +e * hf 15b . continued : ( 2 ) frame poster on the wall for James bond-type movie : " ice spie '' , " to live instead of die " and '' scar causer . '' the name " damian drake " feature prominently over a timothy dalton type . ( continued ) 16 . continued : ( 3 ) daffy ( cont 'd ) ( in hushed awe ) you dad 's damian drake , the super spy ? DI ( be here before ) he 's a actor . who play a spy . daffy knock a award off a plaque . dj ( cont 'd ) and that , that be he '' I spy '' Award . daffy ( correct ) ingenious . a actor who play a super spy as a cover for be a super spy play a actor ! I will bet this whole dump 's a super spy lair ! nothing be as it seem . as he 's talk , daffy be look around with the magnify glass . he look towards the audience and we see he eye in the magnify glass . on the word '' lair '' he pull the magnify glass away from he face , but there be still a eye in the glass that continue look around as he say , '' nothing be as it seem . '' dj you spend a lot of time on the Internet , do not you ? dj walk away . daffy be already at the tray , closely examine item on it . daffy you know , you be probably protect by a invisible force field right this minute . daffy pick a apple from a fruit bowl and throw it . the apple hit dj in the face . dj ow ! daffy ( confidently ) force-field - penetrate apple . sfx : ringing cell phone ( continued ) % + h hk a % 17b - C 18 16a . continued : ( 4 ) dj feel free to continue you delusional ranting while I answer my ... we cut to the strange , futuristic remote control . dj ( cont 'd ) ...- remote ? ( note : daffy should not be see or hear in this section . ) omit 17b - C int . media room - continuous 18 the tv remote be indeed ringing . dj pick it up . dj hello ? he press the button . instead of the tv turn on , a projector pop out of a old radio . ( continued ) 18 17 . continued : 18 the projector project a image onto the painting . the painting dissolves into a view screen . it 's damian drake , look straight into camera . he look intense . damian Son ? dj dad , why be you in the painting ? ( note : let 's cut the '' if you be not sit down , sit down '' dialogue . it could not be more cliche . ) damian listen , dj . I want to leave you out of this , but there 's no one else I can trust . can you hold on a second ? damian 's face drop off the tv screen and we briefly see a thug approach camera . in the foreground of the camera we see a fist form . the camera-fist zoom in to the face of the thug . damian 's face come back into view . dj be you shoot a movie or something ? daffy zip up next to dj , lug a giant sandwich . he say nothing . damian come to Las Vegas . damian pause to punch a bad guy . damian ( cont 'd ) ask dusty tail about the Blue monkey . ( note : damien drake have a lot of extraneous dialogue in this run . if it have not be shot already , please delete it because it just slow everything down and be clunky besides . ) daffy bite a big hunk off he sandwich , chew eagerly as he watch . dj Blue monkey ? damian it 's a diamond . ( continued ) + eh % 18 17a . continued : ( 2 ) 18 daffy freeze with the sandwich in he mouth . his eye dilate and saliva pour out of he mouth all over the sandwich . on the painting a fist come into frame , punch damian 's head o.s . there 's a flurry of foot and arm on screen . damian , a little bloody , appear back on screen . dj dad , be you okay ? should I call the police ? ( continued ) * 18 . continued : damian no police . Son , I be sorry I do not tell you this before , but — a huge hand grab damian 's face from behind . several part of bad guy swarm in . it 's a dark blur . dj dad ? tell I what before ? dad ? the blank canvas scroll up and a different painting fill the frame . dj be in shock . behind he , daffy be ranting joyously . ( continued ) 19 . continued : ( 2 ) daffy diamond ?! I be rich ! filthily so ! I have join the leisure class ! daffy 's rich fantasy to be written . it will be on the longish side . at the end of the fantasy , we go to the classic '' that 's all , folk '' ring . out of fantasy we pull out of the ring to reveal that they be daffy 's pupil . we pull out further to reveal that next to daffy be a very concerned dj . dj , still in shock , get up and start walk . DI I gotta go save my dad ... daffy oh yeah , that . int . drake house - continuous dj walk through the house , concerned . he enter the foyer and daffy zip in front of he . daffy spy and diamond and sexy dame no doubt ! dj step over daffy to get he coat . daffy ( cont 'd ) this be a job for : daffy '' produce '' a tuxedo from behind the coat rack and throw it on . daffy ( cont 'd ) ( a la Sean connery ) duck . daff duck . dj ignore this and walk toward the garage . ( continued ) * 19a . continued : daffy ( cont 'd ) ( all business ) okay , first stop , Vegas . should we jet or copter in ? ( continued ) 20 . continued : ( 2 ) dj ( mostly to self ) I be just go to take my dad 's old car ... daffy a superspy car ? let 's roll ! 20 omit 20 21 int . damian drake 's garage — a minute later 21 it 's pretty dark . dj push the garage door button . dj this be not a spy car . as the door open , we see the car be a 1974 gremlin . daffy do not be ridiculous . you dad 's a spy ; ipso ergo , spy car . ( continued ) 21 22 23 21 . continued : 21 dj I use to deliver pizza in this car . dj get in the car . daffy be already there , propless . daffy secret pizza ? dj grab daffy and throw he out the driver side window . dj roll up the window quickly , catch daffy 's bill in the very top . the very end of daffy 's bill speak . daffy ( cont 'd ) ( very high ) spy car . dj start the gremlin . he push daffy 's bill out window with he finger . he drive out of the garage . ( note : should probably cheat it -- not see daffy in the garage as he drive out . ) ext . drake house — continuous as the gremlin go down the driveway onto the street , daffy suddenly pop up in the back seat . daffy duck ( some 0.s . ) you know how you know it 's a spy car ? because it do not look like a spy car . the gremlin drive o.s . as the garage door close , the floor flip over ( a la '' the Green hornet '' ) revealing a sleek silver spy car . int . the tonight show - stage 22 owl jolson be on stage , as jay leno watch , delighted . owl jolson ( sing ) I wanna singa / I wanna dance -a ... pull back to reveal that we be watch this on a monitor in : int . the tonight show - GREEN room — day 23 bug be talk to a super hot chick . ( continued ) * 21a. 23 continued : 23 bug you be a bunny ? what a coincidink ! bug 's cell phone ring . bug ( cont 'd ) ( on phone ) eh , what 's up , Doc ? intercut with : 22 . ext . highway 15 - continuous 24 daffy be in the gremlin , gloat . daffy ha ! bug daffy ? daffy just a friendly call to tell you what you can do with you precious Hollywood dream . for , as it so happen , while you be pretend to star in a action movie , I be star in my own action reality ! I and my sidekick dj be on we way to Vegas to score the Blue monkey , a huge diamond which , might I add , will enable I to buy my own movie studio , where I will thereafter write , produce and direct daffy duck - fill bug - Bunny - free entertainment , for which I believe the public be clamoring ! bug daff , listen ... bug produce a index card , which he read from . bug ( cont 'd ) we have have we difference , but you be my partner and I need you . daffy ha ! do you hear my laughter ? ha ! I repeat , for you delicatation : ha ! daffy hang up triumphantly . dj casually grab daffy and toss he out the window . int . the tonight show — GREEN room — continuous 25 bug stare at the receiver in confusion . bug Blue monkey ? ( continued ) 25 22a . continued : 25 whoosh . the camera dive into the handset and into black . 26 27 28 29 30 23 . a black screen 26 a waveform flicker as the word '' Blue monkey '' echo . pull back to reveal other waveform , and other spectral voice say thing like '' Blue Moon , '' '' ooh , money , '' '' Blue only , '' '' bloom peony '' and '' do the monkey . '' a huge map of the world flicker with waveform . a alert SOUND . a waveform on the West Coast flash red . int . high -tech communications room — continuous 27 a huge figure look up from a book . the monitor zoom in on the red waveform : North America , West Coast , Los Angeles area , where we see a single waveform connect a position in beverly Hills to one in the desert . daffy ( filter ) I and my sidekick dj be on we way to Vegas to score the Blue monkey . the figure close he book : '' pain and its creation . '' he stand . this be mr. smith . ext . los angele - day - establishing 28 we push in on a distinctive corporate building . int . acme headquarters - hallway — moment later 29 Mr. Smith walk past a mix of human being and cartoon , all bustling happily . as he pass open room , we see animated character testing various acme product . at the end of the corridor , Mr. Smith take a wear time card from a batter rack , stick it in a verdigris - speckle time clock and pull a lever to punch it . he put it in a rack on the far side of the clock and a door slide open . he enter . exiting be SAM sheepdog , who clock out . int . acme build — boardroom — day 30 preside at the acme of the dais be mr . chairman . he be petting a caiman in he lap . ( continued ) 30 24 . continued : 30 mr . chairman that be unacceptable ! we can not have nine - year- old child work in sweatshop make acme sneaker ! not when three - year- old eat so much less ! v.p. , child labor but they require nap . mr . chairman ( ominously ) not if they want they porridge . Mr. Chairman reach down . behind the day be a large aquarium cage fill with cartoon insect . Mr. Chairman 's hand reach in and pluck a insect . back to scene Mr. Chairman hold the insect ( one of the space villian from '' Space jam '' ) above the caiman . he drop the insect and the caiman gobbles he greedily . mr . chairman ( cont 'd ) next order of business ? Mr. Smith pop up next to Mr. Chairman . Mr. Smith lean over and whisper something . mr . chairman ( cont ’d ) thank you , Mr. Smith . ( to the board ) grave news , my friend . Mr. Chairman pick up one of several remote on he console . he hit a button and a float video screen descend in front of the dais . the video screen be blue and say in the upper corner , '' game one . '' mr . chairman ( cont 'd ) ( annoyed sound ) who 's be play with this thing ? ( push button ) tv . video . tv. video . ( continued ) + eh + h hk 30 24a . continued : ( 2 ) 30 the blue screen read , '' video 2 '' , '' video 3 '' , '' aux '' , and finally a picture appear on the screen : it begin as a satellite picture of the mojave desert , but zoom in to a car on highway 15 , and finally on the gremlin . Mr. Chairman continue as if he have not be interrupt by this bit of business . mr . chairman ( cont ’d ) it appear as if damian drake 's son know about the Blue monkey and be on he way to Las Vegas . ( continued ) 30 25 . continued : ( 3 ) 30 mr . chairman ( cont ’d ) he must not learn the location of the diamond before we do . Mr. Chairman push a button on the remote . first , the image he be watch break up into nine separate screen . he 's annoyed . he push another button and we briefly see a surveillance camera shot look down into a ( empty ) bathroom stall . this image be replace by : security camera Pov a barren room . damian be strapped into a fold chair . two interrogators come at he . mr . chairman ( cont ’d ) how 's the interrogation come ? just then damian rear back and kick both of the interrogator square in the face . one of they stagger to he foot and talk directly to the security camera . interrogator he 's about to crack . in the b.g. , damian headbutt the other interrogator . a annoyed Mr. Chairman click a button . video screen ( 0.s. ) ( loud , sung ) come and knock on my door ... exasperate , he push another button and the video screen return to show the gremlin with dj drive . mr . chairman ( building intensity ) we can not let the good guy win this time , people . we must capture this son of a spy , we must find out the location of the diamond , and we must use it for we own diabolical end ! Mr. Chairman turn to Mr. Smith , businesslike . mr . chairman ( cont ’d ) copy that to all department head . Mr. Chairman pet the caiman and smile thinly . ( continued ) +e * hf 30 continued : 25a . ( 4 ) 30 mr . chairman ( cont ’d ) soon the acme Corporation shall tower over all of creation ! the board ( together ) all of creation . ( continued ) 30 30a - B 31 26 . continued : ( 5 ) 30 Mr. Chairman laugh evilly . the board join in . as they laughter build we pull out , through the glass wall . the acme skyscraper tower above all other . voice ( 0.s. ) wait a minute . the laughter stop abruptly and we zip back into the boardroom . one of the executive point to the hologram of the car . in it , daffy have he head stick out the window like a dog and he bill be flap in he face . v.p. , rhetorical question what about the duck ? mr . chairman ( a beat , then ) extra crispy . the evil laugh resume and we pull out again , as before . film leader a clapboard read : " back in action / scene : 7 / take : 1 / dir : J. dante " omit 30a - B ext . cartoon forest - day ( dailies ) 31 music : '' peer gynt , '' as arrange by Carl stall bug ( 0.s. ) duck season ! wayne knight ( o.s. ) ( daffy duck voice ) rabbit season ! reveal bug argue with Wayne knight in he duck suit . elmer stand between they with shotgun , bewilder . bug duck season ! wayne knight rabbit season ! bug rabbit season . ( continued ) 31 32 27 . continued : 31 wayne knight I say it 's duck season and I say fire ! elmer raise he shotgun . int . warner bros screening room - continuous 32 the Warner bros , bug , kate , and elmer watch the screen as we hear a shotgun blast . elmer ( shield he eye ) turn it off . turn it off ! the light come up . bug sip a carrot juice . bug probably shoulda film that last instead of first . mr . warner we need another duck . kate be Rob schneider still in the business ? bug I will not work with Rob schneider . mr . warner well then , I be out of idea . mr . warner' brother I have never have a idea . bug let 's see . we need a duck who can take a shotgun blast to the head . who could it be ... let I think ... hmmmmmmmmmmmmm ... kate what do you want I to say ? that I get rid of daffy ? I get rid of daffy . and I stand by my decision . mr . warner ( casual ) you be fire . ( continued ) 32 33 28 . continued : 32 kate what ? mr . warner' brother ( casual ) you get rid of we best duck . kate you can not fire I ! my movie have make nine hundred and fifty million dollar ! mr . warner that 's not a billion . kate ( back -pedall ) I think we can all agree that the decision to get rid of daffy be a poor one . but it 's time to move on and by move on I mean reversing course and get daffy back . mr . warner by Monday . this movie be cost we a million dollar a day . mr . warner 's brother plus gratuity . kate I all have daffy back by Monday . bug poke he head into frame and waggle he eyebrow . kate exhales in frustration and fear . ext . highway 15 - late afternoon 33 dj , determine , drive along . a air vent on the passenger side dashboard pop off and daffy squeeze through it . he sit next to dj . dj I be get a little tired of throw you out of the car . daffy that 's my plan in a nutshell . ( continued ) 33 continued : 28a . 33 dj but listen up : my dad 's never ask for my help before , and I be not go to let anything get in my way . so if you screw this up , even once ... daffy you gotta spot I three screw -up . dj once . and you liver 's on toast point . daffy ( ignore that ) now if we run into anything that require superspy skill , like crack wise or smooching dame , you would be better leave that to I . however , if we have any security guard need ... dj laugh sarcastically . dj funny , funny duck . but I be not a security guard , okay ? that 's just what I do for money . what I really be , be I be a stuntman . ( continued ) 33 34 35 29 . continued : ( 2 ) 33 daffy you ? < raspberry of disbelief > dj you see that mummy movie ? I be in they more than Brendan Fraser be . ( suddenly bitter ) and he could not stand that . daffy you have better leave everything to I . dj duck , I have like to remind you that you be a duck . while I be a man . with a man 's brain . and opposable thumb . dj wiggle he thumb in daffy 's face . daffy yeah , but can you do this ? daffy produce a giant mallet and hit himself on the head . this cause he to break apart into dozen of little daffys who make high - pitch " woo hoo "s all over the car , almost cause dj to lose control of the wheel . they then converge and re-form into daffy , who smile cockily at dj . dj just look at he for a beat . dj I can grow a beard . ext . drake house - late afternoon 34 a acme taxi pull away , deposit kate . ext . drake house - door — moment later 35 kate approach the door and knock . the door open slightly . she push the door open and enter . 36 37 38 38a 30 . int . drake house - continuous 36 kate ( call ) Mr. drake ? dj ... kate walk around . kate ( cont 'd ) I be not here to fire you again ... I just want to know if that duck tell you where he be - — just then , kate hear something . it 's come from : int . drake house - hallway - continuous 37 kate open the door . steam pour out . she enter . int . drake house — bathroom - continuous 38 a misty shroud . as it clear , kate see a silhouette in the shower . kate pull back the curtain . bug turn in terror , ina shot identical to '' psycho . '' bug < scream > quick cut duplicate the '' psycho '' shower scene precisely , except of course kate just stand there , befuddlement turn to annoyance . bug , on the tile , he eye unblink . kate look down at he , piss . kate cut it out . kate turn and exit . int . family room - continuous 38a bug sit very close to a tv , display hash , a la '' poltergeist , '' his head turn slowly toward kate . ( continued ) 38a 39 40 41 42 43 44 31 . continued : 38a bug not in here . back to scene a now very harry kate march off and down the hall . int . drake house - continuous 39 she slam the door behind she . she storm over to another door . she open it and see : int . drake house — bedroom - continuous 40 bug float above the bed , a la the '' exorcist . '' bug ( demon voice ) he 's not in here . int . drake house - continuous 41 kate slam the door and storm to : omit 42 a hallway 43 two child - proportion bug stand side by side , a la '' the shine . '' two bug not here . not here . kate emit a tiny shriek and turn away . she walk into : the kitchen 44 kate be relieved . at least there 's no bug here . however , there be that large metal pot boil over on the stove . the lid of the pot lift up . bug be in the pot . bug I will not be ignore . ( continued ) 44 45 32 . continued : 44 kate ( lose it ) what be you do ?!! bug casually hop out of the pot and walk up to she . bug shtick . bug shake himself dry , like a dog , wetting kate . he exit jauntily . a furious kate stalk after he . int . drake house - continuous 45 kate walk out but bug have disappear . kate why be you torture I ? what - kate stop . she see the damian drake movie poster . kate ( cont 'd ) I fire the son of we biggest star . this have be a career - make day , kate . ( get weepy ) first you get rid of that duck everybody hate but then of course they all want he back , but worst of all you get in a big fight with bug Bunny , who you revere and who you have try to model you life after ... right next to kate , the visor on a suit of armor lift up . bug be inside , also cry . bug I hate to see a grow man cry , especially when its a girl . listen , would it make you stop bawling if I tell you daffy say he be go to Las Vegas with some guy name dj ? kate ( really bawling ) how be I suppose to get to Las Vegas ? my car 's waterlogged ! bug '' open '' the chest of the armor and climb out . he put he arm around kate 's waist and lead she to a door . ( continued ) 45 32a . continued : 45 bug hey , hey , stop you sobbing now . let uncle bugsy take of it . I know how we can get to Vegas ... he flick a light switch next to a door and open it . 46 47 48 48a 33 . int . garage - continuous 46 the spy car look fast even stand still . kate 's tear instantly dry up . kate ( all business ) perfect . kate exit . bug realize : bug I be play . ( further realize ) and I like it ! int . garage — spy car - a beat later 47 kate fasten she seat belt . bug fasten he seat belt . then another belt . then 23 more belt , top with a bicycle helmet . he turn to kate , as if to a chauffeur . bug Las Vegas , driver . the inside of the spy car suddenly glow to life . female computer voice take you to Las Vegas . the engine roar . kate take she hand off the wheel . ext . drake house - garage - continuous 48 the car leap out of the garage . its wheel do not touch the ground until the end of the driveway . it fishtail into the street , then zoom off like a stock car . ext . granny 's house - yard - continuous 48a granny be water she lawn with a hose . she turn to watch the car careen off . in do so , she happen to shoot water in sylvester 's wide open mouth , which have be poise to eat tweety . tweety fly out of sylvester 's paw and he fill with water . ( continued ) 48a 33A . continued : 48a a water - fill sylvester stagger backwards and into a spiky cactus plant . he stagger forward and land face first on the lawn . the water shoot from the hole in he back , gently sprinkle the lawn as he roll back and forth in pain . satisfied that this will work , granny walk into the house with tweety on she shoulder . tweety poor puddy tat . he wet himself . 49 50 51 34 . ext . las vega strip - wooden nickel - evening 49 the huge casino 's facade be a six -story neon yosemite Sam . he wave bag of gold . across Sam 's hat letter sparkle : " the wooden nickel . a acme casino . " the marquee read , '' now appear : dusty tail . '' the gremlin pull into the valet parking area . push in on " Sam 's " eye . we see they be window , into : int . wooden nickel — SAM 's office — continuous 50 yosemite SAM be confront by Mr. Smith . yosemite SAM you want the varmint and what they come for . I gotcha . but what 's in it for Sam ? Mr. Smith reach off - frame and produce a treasure chest . he place it on the desk in front of Sam . when Mr. Smith open the chest , a golden glow bathes Sam 's face . SAM < greedy chuckle > Mr. Smith grab Sam 's head , shove it in the chest , and calmly slam the lid on it several time . Sam emerge with a couple of tooth miss . yosemite SAM I gotcha . int . wooden nickel — casino - continuous 51 dj and daffy enter and react in amazement . a wild , Wild West -themed casino . a savage brawl involve several cowboy be in progress . one smashes another over the head with a slot machine . the victim go down . a beat , and he get up ; indicate the other should join he . the cowboy hold hand and bow . applause . blam blam blam ! cartoon bullet strike daffy 's upper bill , spin it clockwise around he head . another bullet hit he lower bill , spin out of sync with the first . ( continued ) 51 52 53a 35 . continued : 51 a third hit he upper bill as it round the other side , spin it in the opposite direction . it 's now completely askew . people applaud . dj wow . you can almost smell the gunpowder . daffy ( dryly ) yes . a incredible simulation . int . casino — a few feet away — continuous 52 nasty canasta and cottontail smith stand , gun smoking . Sam smack they with he hat . SAM no , you imbecile ! we wait till he get what 's he 's come for ! nasty canasta and then we blast he ? SAM then we blast he . nasty canasta ( holster gun ) Long as we get to blast ‘em . int . wooden nickel - stage area 53a dj walk close to the stage , look for a way to sneak backstage . daffy follow , excitedly read a playbill with a picture of dusty on the cover . daffy do you know dusty tail sing the theme song to six damian drake movie ? dj yes . he 's my father . remember ? daffy I keep fail to see the resemblance , somehow . ( be : program ) ooh , I hope she sing the love theme from '' the Throat puncher . '' ( continued ) 53a 35a . continued : 53a the house light drop . on stage a shapely cowgirl descend from above on a swing , dress in victorian clothes . it 's dusty tail . dusty ( sweet ) when I be just a little girl , my dear old grandmama take I aside , and she say to I : music start . dusty sing a country - fry cover of the backstreet boy 's '' if you wanna be a good girl ( get yourself a bad man ) '' dusty ( cont ’d ) ( sing ) if you wanna be good girl / get yourself a bad man ... dusty lift she dress , and little yosemite sam run out . + h fh F HH hf * 54 55 36 . ext . highway 15 — mojave desert — evening 54 the spy car streak along . bug / daffy ( 0.s ( sing ) viva , las vega / viva — int . spy car — continuous 55 bug flail on a banjo as he sing . kate grab the banjo and throw it out the window . bug you have get no music in you soul , you know that ? kate I be aware of that , yes . bug shrug and turn to the dashboard . it 's a dizzying array of hardware . bug 's hand hover over the switch . bug jeesh , he go for all the option . chump . kate do not touch anything . this be damian drake 's car , and if - bug flick a switch . through the back windshield we see two white jet stream shoot out . a moment later , two huge fireballs erupt a half mile back . bug < dismissive sound > bug scan the array of button . kate if you touch one more button - bug shh . I be about to defy you . ( continued ) 55 37 . continued : 55 bug reach . kate block he . in do so , she place the palm of she hand on a flat black panel on the dashboard . the panel glow . kate quickly pull she hand away , but a perfect fingerprint map of she hand remain . across the bottom of the panel flash the word '' searching ... '' bug ( cont 'd ) now you do it . the handprint disappear and it replace by kate 's driver 's license photo , surround by a dizzying array of personal information : height , weight , credit card number , cholesterol , etc . female computer voice ( v.o. ) katharine beatrice houghton bug beatrice ? assorted photo flash on the screen , include a one - year - old kate naked in a bath , a very fat 10 - year - old kate , and finally 16 - year - old kate in a cheerlead outfit . female computer voice ( v.o. ) iq , one hundred and six . kate ( defensive ) I be only eight year old ! ( bitter ) you get one peg in the wrong hole and you be brand for life . female computer voice ( v.o. ) in high school , she be head cheerleader . all the other cheerleader hate she ... kate I think we have hear enough . on the screen be a full - length picture of kate . various part of she body and face light up in red . the title over the illustration read '' problem area . '' kate 's finger push a button next to touch screen . but instead of stop the narration , a flurry of robotic arm shoot out of the dash and attack kate and bug . she scream . ( continued ) +e * hf 55 56 57 57a 58 58a 38 . continued : ( 2 ) 55 ext . highway 15 56 the car swerve all over the road . int . spy car - moving 57 the robot arm retract , revealing a discombobulate kate and bug wear scuba gear . female computer voice ( v.o. ) her freshman year of college , she gain thirty pound and wear the same sweat pants for five month . annoy , kate push the button again . the robotic arm flurry in , leave kate in a stun evening gown and bug in a tuxedo . female computer voice ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) estimate number of cat she will have at age fifty : thirty -two . ext . highway 15 57a the car drive off as we hear ... kate ( 0.s. ) < exasperate yell > bug ( 0.s. ) man , I love this show . int . wooden nickel - on stage 58 dusty sing and dance . int . wooden nickel - stage right 58a dj and daffy watch this from the wing . dj ( loud stage whisper ) psst. dusty ! dusty ! dusty look to the wing , annoyed , and continue sing . 59 39 . int . wooden nickel - on stage 59 a chorus of yosemite sam line - dance behind dusty . a hand reach out from the wing and yank one of they backstage . much too soon later , dj emerge wear the ill-fitting costume and mask . aping the dance move , he make he way toward dusty , shove the other sam aside . the song hit a dance break . dj see he open and sidle up to dusty . dj I need to talk to you . dusty ( annoyed ) you know the rule . you grow , you go . dusty attempt to dance away from dj . he hook she into a dosie - do and speak to she urgently . dj I be dj drake , damien 's son . dusty what ? how do I know you be really ...? dj spin dusty into a masterful embrace . her eye widen . dusty ( cont 'd ) you be damien 's son . in the wing a annoyed daffy finger the script . daffy I do not have anything to do at all in this scene . on stage note : the below bold - face business may have be cut . dusty and dj finish the number . big applause . ( continued ) 59 39a . continued : 59 daffy run in and slide across the stage on he knee , stop in front of dusty and dj . he throw he arm open theatrically . the applause abruptly stop . dj pick dusty up and carry she off-stage . in the wing dj deposit dusty . the little SAM whose costume dj be wear be stand there in he underwear . dj ( to little Sam ) hey , thanks a lot . if I can ever , if you need anything take down off a high shelf or something ... alt . dj hand Little Sam a twenty . dusty do not I pay you enough ? little SAM ( matter - of - fact ) no. +e hf ff * 40 . int . dusty' dressing room dj sit on a chair while daffy poke around , as usual . dusty please excuse I while I change ... dusty go behind a scrim and start to undress . dj okay , but I do not have much time . my dad 's in trouble . he tell I to ask you about the Blue monkey . dusty stick she head out from the scrim . dusty so then you know ? dj ( badly fake ) oh , yeah . sure . definitely yes . dusty go back behind the scrim again . dusty I figure something must have happen when he do not show up . I be so sorry . but that 's what come with be a spy . dj be stunne . daffy perk up . daffy ha ! I be right ! and somebody else be wrong ! by process of elimination , that must be - dusty poke she head out again . dusty what 's the duck talk about ? dj twist daffy 's bill close like tin foil . dj ( daze ) nothing . so , you be a spy , too ? dusty ( behind scrim ) the pop diva thing , that 's only one side of I . ( more ) ( continued ) continued : 40a . dusty ( behind scrim ) ( cont 'd ) I also work for the agency as a professional assassin . it 's really hard juggling the two sometimes . I do not know what I be go to do when I have kid ... dj try to absorb everything . dj all this time my dad be a spy and I think he be just a movie star ... daffy now I see the resemblance . successful action hero , fail stunt man . superspy , pseudo-cop ... dj yank off daffy 's bill and throw it across the room . miffed , daffy walk after it . dj exhales meaningfully . dusty you know how hard it be to find a nanny with advanced weapon training ? dusty walk out from behind the scrim . she be a black leather catsuit , replete with talone glove , a infrared scope over one eye , etc . daffy , who be about to put he bill back on , dusty ( cont 'd ) ( explain ) the Liechtenstein ambassador be in town . it 's payback time . dj stand to address dusty . dj so , what about this Blue monkey ? dusty you father 's mission be to track it down before force of evil et cetera , et cetera . I be suppose to give he this . now wear black drop it . dusty reach to she make - up mirror and remove a play stick to the side . daffy grab it . ( continued ) 40b . continued : ( 2 ) daffy this be not a king-size diamond . this be a queen of diamond ! whose idea of a sick joke be this ? dusty nonchalantly karate chop daffy 's head , leave a visible dent . she take the card back . dj reach for it . dj I will take that . dusty put the card down she front . dusty that 's sweet , dj , want to take over for you father . but this evil force , they be bad people ... dj my father want I to do this ... dusty do not worry about it . we have get train professional who get pay --. well , not great money to tell you the truth ... daffy cross , wear a long gray coat and put on a homburg . daffy some treasure hunt this turn out to be ... daffy open the dress room door . on the other side of the door be Sam and he gang , stand next to a light cannon . dj reflexively grab dusty and dive out of the way . the cannon blast . the cannon ball hit daffy in the stomach and he fly into dusty 's make - up mirror . and through it . and through the wall behind it . int . casino — dressing area — continuous daffy and the cannonball fly through a area where showgirl be apply make - up and straighten they stocking . a beat later , the cannonball return for whence it come , and daffy tip he bill . ( continued ) 40c. continued : daffy lady . the cannonball shoot back out . int . casino - stage the daffy-laden cannonball seriously disrupt some dance number . off stage the daffy-laden cannonball fly right into a glass case contain a fire extinguisher . the case immediately explode with white foam . int . dusty 's dressing room - continuous Sam and the gang enter the dress room , gun blaze . on the floor dj lie on top of dusty . he pluck the card from she front , smile . dj thank you . dusty you do not know what you be get into . dj that 's what make life interesting . dj jump to he foot and exit in the direction the cannon ball go . Sam and the gang start to follow , but dusty , still on the floor , kick all three of they backward . she leap to she foot and start kick the stuff out of Sam and he gang . on the hole blasted in wall dj fight through the dust and debris and onto : int . casino — stage — continuous dj make he way across stage . 60a- h 41 . backstage dj run in , reach into the foam and pull out a foam - cover daffy . dj give daffy a shake and the foam come off . daffy spit a prodigious stream of foam . a cannonball shatter the wall above they . they run off . a beat later , Sam and gang run through . nasty have the cannon under he arm . omit 60a - h int . wooden nickel - backstage - continous dj and daffy climb a ladder to a second floor landing , with Sam and the gang in pursuit . int . wooden nickel - second floor landing dj face off against Sam 's gang . dj kick cottontail over the railing and into a coal trolley full of money below . nasty finally grab dj . the card be dj 's shirt pocket fly loose . dj extricate himself nasty . dj run to the railing . daffy jump onto he shoulder . dj see the card fly away . dj dive for a chandelier . he miss . int . wooden nickel - casino dj ( and daffy ) fall through a poker table , the game be play entirely by looney tune dog in a tableau reminiscent of '' dog play poker . '' ( continued ) 63 64 42 . continued : the card fly through the air , landing in a stack of card in a electric card shuffler , where they be shuffle . the deck be transfer to card shoe at a blackjack table . ( the back of dj 's card be red ; the other be blue . ) omit 63 int . casino - blackjack table 64 dj and Sam zip up almost simultaneously and take seat at the table . the dealer be foghorn leghorn . foghorn leghorn place you bet , gentleman . dj and Sam quickly place they bet . foghorn deal . in the b.g. , daffy run up and down the fake rock formation as nasty and cottontail hurl light cartoon stick of dynamite at he . each one hit its mark . foghorn leghorn ( cont ’d ) ( to dj ) Sir ? dj hit I . foghorn leghorn do not you want to look at you card first , son ? ( to camera ) Boy 's get a lot to learn . dj just hit I . a ace . ( dj already have a two show ) dj ( cont 'd ) hit I again . yosemite SAM hit I ! ( continued ) 64 65 43 . continued : 64 foghorn leghorn await you turn , sir . foghorn hit dj . a ace . in the near b.g. , daffy buck by hold onto the horn of the bull from '' bully for bug . '' cottontail and nasty give pursuit on tiny , cartoon horse . dj hit I . hit I . hit I . yosemite SAM no ! hit I , frazznabbit ! foghorn leghorn I ’‘1l hit you when I hit you . foghorn deal dj a ace , a ace , a two . Sam be grow with rage . dj hit I . hit I . hit I . a ace , a ace and ... the red-back Queen of diamond . dj turn over he bottom card . it 's a ace . foghorn leghorn twenty -one . a winner . dj take off with the Queen before foghorn can hand he he winning . a beat later , daffy run on top of the table , sweep up the winning , and exit . cottontail and nasty run across the table a second later . Sam get up to follow , but take one last peek at he bottom card and say : yosemite SAM hit I . foghorn pick Sam up and matter - of - factly whacks he repeatedly on the ass with a wooden plank . ext . wooden nickel - entrance - night 65 they run out to a line of park car . dj hop into the driver 's seat of the gremlin . he 's about to start it when daffy jump through the window and onto he lap . ( continued ) 65 65 a 66-69 69 a 44 , continued : 65 daffy all right , let 's see what this spy car can do ! daffy turn the key . the gremlin fall to piece . daffy ( cont 'd ) that 's a interesting feature ... cannonballs and bullet fly over they head . dj grab daffy and run . at the valet Race driver jeff gordon , in a nascar racing suit , step up and hand the valet a ticket . jeff gordon it 's a modify chevrolet with dupont and pepsi logo all over and a big '' 24 '' on the side . the valet run off and zip up in Gordon 's race car in the same moment . the valet open the door to let Gordon in , but Sam and he gang shove past he and into the car . the race car zoom off . Gordon look confuse , then notice the valet have he hand out for a tip . omit 65a omit 66-69 ext . fremont STREET - night 69 a dj and daffy run through the crowded bazaar . daffy suddenly stop at a vendor sell black market t-shirt . he hold up a T-shirt of himself wear hip - hop clothes . daffy how much for this one ? several cartoon bullet fly into frame , and pierce the T - shirt daffy in several strategic location . daffy zip o.s. , follow very closely by the nascar vehicle , drive by Sam . 70 71 71a 72 45 . int . spy car - continuous 70 kate , frustrated , drive through Vegas . kate there 's get to be 314 hotel and 142 casinos in Las Vegas . we be never go to find that duck ! bug casually point ahead . daffy run into the street , wave he arm and scream . the car hit daffy and he 's plaster against the windshield , bug-like . bug ( admiration ) daff never miss a cue . ext . las vega STREET - continuous 71 the spy car screech to a halt . a second later , dj run up , peel daffy off the windshield and toss he in the window of the spy car . he open the door : dj Excuse I - he see kate . dj ( cont 'd ) sir. dj unhook kate 's seatbelt quickly , toss she into the far seat and jump in . dj hit the gas and the spy car peel out millisecond before the nascar fly out onto the street , fishtail and give chase . ahead 71a the spy car take a sharp leave turn . int . spy car - continuous 72 daffy badger bug in the back seat . daffy if you think you be gonna horn in on my action here , you be tragically mistaken ! ( continued ) 72 45a . continued : 72 bug when have I ever horn in ? bug subtly move toward center screen and back , force daffy 's head to look at he , in other word , upstage he . daffy fall out of focus . daffy ( slightly off mic ) stop upstage I , you , nomi malone ! ( off of bug 's look , casual ) the character Elizabeth Berkeley play in '' showgirl . '' ( back to scene ) this be my spot . daffy push he face in front of bug 's , into the focus . however , the light be no longer generous . his bill look blemish and he feather appear to be thinning on top . he smile for a beat , then realize he do not look good and back into the shadow . ext . STREET the nascar car pull up beside the spy car . they be neck - and - neck . int . spy car kate seethes at dj . he act nonchalant , even as he be steering the car wildly to and for . DI so what bring you to Las Vegas ? run out of people to fire in the state of California ? ( continued ) % + HH HH hk +e * hf 73 73a 46 . continued : kate first you steal my duck , then you -- kate stop , mouth agape . she see Sam reach across from he car with a light bundle of dynamite . Sam politely knock on dj 's window . kate ( cont 'd ) ( hysterical ) dynamite ? who have dynamite ? dj see they be approach a wall of stop traffic . he put the car into a spectacular fishtail . on nascar car Sam , notice this , pull the dynamite back in . it start to move toward the spy car when , of course , the dynamite explode . inside spy car kate be eerily calm . kate I would like to get out now . dj relax , I be a license stunt driver . kate you be a security guard !!! DI ( suddenly bitter ) talk to Brendan Fraser about that . dj slam the wheel into reverse , and then the car do all that cool shit you have plan . omit 73 omit 73a ext . las vega STREET —- continuous dj be pretty pleased with he trick drive . ( continued ) 46a . continued : dj he make it look so easy . kate matter - of - factly point out the windshield . we see that the nascar be actually wait on the corner for they . dj throw the car into a extreme hard leave down a alley . through windshield they be apparently go very fast . dj look in he rearview . in the mirror daffy 's face be block the view . daffy go up on two wheel ! go up on two wheel ! back to scene dj turn back and push daffy 's head aside to get a better view of how close the nascar be . as he do , bug appear , point forward . bug I be curious . be we gonna stop before we hit that wall ? I get to make arrangement either way . yes , the car be directly head for a wall ; in fact , it 's the back wall of Sam 's casino . daffy ( cower ) mother . the dashboard flicker to life . female computer voice take you to mother . % + eh * 75 76 77-89d 90 91-93 94 95-96 97 97a 97b 47 . ext . vega side STREET 75 a jet roar . flame shoot out the back of the spy car , torch the front of the nascar car behind it . the spy car lift off and fly up over the casino wall . int . nascar car - continuous 76 Sam , a bit char , watch through the windshield as the spy car give flight , revealing the wall they be about to hit . omit 77-89d int . wooden nickel - casino - continuous 90 the nascar crash through the wall . people scatter . omit 91-93 int . nascar car 94 Sam cling to the wheel ; eye wide . several showgirl scatter before he . the race car fly off the stage . omit 95-96 int . wooden nickel - casino - continuous 97 the nascar car crash nose first and Sam be hurl through the windshield . int . wooden nickel - mine shaft area 97a Sam be hurl down the mine shaft and into : darkness 97b a match be light , illuminate Sam 's face . he notice he be surround by dynamite . yosemite SAM uh oh. 97c 98-100 101 102 103-106 48 . int . wooden nickel - mine shaft area 97c a huge fireball belch from the shaft . omit 98-100 ext . the night sky — continuous 101 the spy car rocket along nicely . int . spy car - continuous 102 bug glance out she window , and down . he Pov glitter Las Vegas . suddenly , a huge fireball blast through the roof of the wooden nickel , shatter yosemite Sam 's neon visage . as the fireball get closer , we see it be a scream Sam , he ass ablaze . the flame Sam shoot by the window of the spy car . bug everybody , make a wish ! daffy I be beginning to suspect that this one be the spy car . kate turn to dj , drip with sarcasm kate well , you kill I . happy ? dj ( concerned ) okay , okay , I can handle this . do not worry . I ... I have play some video game ... dj flick the turn signal . omit 103-106 * * 107 108 48a . ext . spy car - continuous 107 the rocket re-orient . the car nose into a power dive . int . spy car - continuous 108 everyone scream . dj try quickly turn the turn signal back . the turn signal go on . ( continued ) 108 109 110 112 113 49 . continued : 108 he foot work the brake . the car 109 plummet toward the rocky desert . bug 110 scream weakly , voice crack . a couple of quick squirt of throat spray and he 's scream like a girl again . the spy car 112 streak toward the ground . ka - chunk ! the engine rumble . dashboard the fuel gauge read '' E '' the spy car sputter and jerk as the engine go out . the car come to a stop in mid-air , three foot off the ground . female computer voice I be totally out of gas . after a beat , the door open and bug climb out to the ground . he shake he leg . bug hey , look at that . my leg fall asleep . bug continue shaking he leg as the other clearly more affect passenger stumble out of the car . dissolve to : ext . mojave desert - morning 113 hot sun . pan down to a tall cactus , with a couple of vulture , stare down at : kate , bug and daffy , sit on the ground , look very much goner . a thick stream of liquid hit bug 's head . ( continued ) 113 49a . continued : 113 bug ( to vulture ) quit drool ! I n'11l tell you when I be dead ! kate be fiddling with she cell phone . kate no service ? what be we , on Mars ? ( drop phone , weepy ) this be not the plan . I be suppose to start my own production company in two year , go to Cannes , where I meet a wealthy french businessman , get marry and then after five year have a baby , a boy , follow by a girl three year later . I be not suppose to be die in the desert with a rabbit and a duck and a handsome yet goofy unemployed person ! daffy ( wistful ) I be go to be a dancer . dj stroll up to the group , no worse for wear . dj nothing ten mile in that , that or that direction . so I suggest we go that way . bug fall to he knee , grab at dj 's leg . bug who you kid , ol 's sod ? we be goner . Water ! we be gonna die out here , alone , we dramatic death throes unseen by the voting member of the motion picture Academy ! ( weakly ) agua por favor ... dj be distract by something on the horizon . dj hey , look ! in the middle of the desert ( continued ) 113 49b . continued : ( 2 ) 113 a heat wave apparition ? no , it 's ... it 's a Walmart , with no parking lot or road lead to it . bug get up and dust himself off , no worse for wear . bug ( aside , to audience ) man , how much do that cost ‘em ? daffy who care , with shopping convenience at such low price ! daffy run toward the Walmart . daffy ( cont ’d ) Water ! fresca ! Mountain Dew ! gatorade product ! ext . desert walmart — later we heroes happily exit , outfit with new outfit , waterbottle , drink and brand name snack . ( continued ) 114 115 50 . continued : omit 114 int . acme build — boardroom — day 115 this image appear on the float video screen on the dais . Mr. Chairman push a button in the remote . nothing happen . he hit the remote with the butt of he hand , push a button and the video screen go up . Mr. Chairman pick up another remote . he point it upwards and push a button . a upside - down truss - up yosemite Sam be lower to several inch below Mr. Chairman 's eye level . he push another button . Sam be lift to several inch above eye level . he push a third adjustment get it right . mr . chairman how do this happen ? yosemite SAM mistake be make . by other . mr . chairman thank you for you report . Mr. Chairman push a button on he remote . Sam zip up out of frame . a beat later , we see Sam fall past the window . mr . chairman ( cont ’d ) it now appear that in order to obtain the location of the Blue monkey , we will have to exterminate two people and a rabbit and a duck . any moral objection ? the board ( evil chuckle ) / good one . Mr. Chairman walk over to where damian drake be hang in a gibbet cage . ( next to he stand the mad scientist lovingly examine various instrument of torture on a table before he . ) Mr. Chairman pick up a hand mixer from the table and menace damian . mr . chairman unless , Mr. drake , you would like to save we the bother of eliminate you son ? ( continued ) % + h hk +e * hf 115 116 116a 51 . continued : 115 damian my son be go to kick you evil butt ! he varsity - lettere in wrestle and he be a National merit scholar semi-finalist ! Mr. Chairman chuckle but actually seem a little worried . v.p. , bad ideas uh , Mr. Chairman , a suggestion ? perhaps we should activate we desert operative . Mr. Chairman and the other board member roll they eye . v.p. , bad ideas ( cont ’d ) he 's due for a win . ext . mojave desert - day 116 wile E. coyote be chase the Road runner , about to catch he , when : sfx : phone ring coyote stop abruptly and pick up a phone that 's build into a organ- pipe cactus . he hold up a small sign : " hello ? " ext . mojave desert - continuous 116a dj , daffy , kate and bug walk together , in a tableau reminiscent of the '' Wild bunch , '' or '' stand by I , '' or something . dj you know , kate , for a executive in charge of a comedy star a bunny and a duck , you seem a little ... what 's the word ? bug humorless . daffy stick-in-the-muddy , crabby Patty - ish , sour persimmon - ize ... bug unfun , despotic , satan-like ... ( continued ) 116a continued : 51a . 116a kate I be try to do my job . which , by the way , do not involve so - call spy and monkey and diamond ... dj ( insulted ) I be do this for my father . daffy he desperately hope he can finally win he poppa 's love and respect after year of slack and poor career choice . dj you watch too many movie . daffy the lady doth protest too much , I think . ( continued ) 116a 118 118a 52 . continued : ( 2 ) 116a bug that 's nothing . this one want to become the most powerful woman in Hollywood just to show that numbskulls back at Cooper High that they shoulda make she homecome Queen . kate ( relive tragedy ) I give the best speech ! they only give it to susie farkas because she have one leg short than the other ! binocular matte Long angle of kate , dj , daffy and bug . omit 117 wile E. coyote 118 lower he binocular and silently snigger . he 's sit on a office chair ; he turn to face a desktop computer on a rock with a power cord trail 0O.S.. the computer screen display a very professional acme.com website . the tagline read , '' for all you mayhem need . '' ext . desert — continuous 118a bug and daffy continue they catalogue of embarrassment as dj and kate look on helplessly . daffy you know , he 's no prize either . cocky for no reason at all , act without think ... bug she think she rear 's too big . dj glance back at kate 's butt . she smack he . ( continued ) 118a 119 120 53 . continued : 118a daffy he like long walk on the beach ... dj you just make that up ! bug she have a weakness for unemployed guy . daffy he have a weakness for be unemployed ... bug could it be ... bug / daffy ( head together ) ... love ? dj and kate surreptitiously check out the other 's reaction to that . when they see they be be check out , they both scowl . pan up to see that atop a rock formation just ahead be : omit 119 wile E. coyote 120 type fiendishly at he computer . the computer screen display a gaily color page for a " acme armore rocket launcher and Sports Utility vehicle . " the mouse pointer click the " buy " button . the screen read " would you like gift wrap ? " and a graphic bug blink : " free ! " the pointer click on " yes . " the screen respond , " you order be on its way ! " wile E. rub he hand together gleefully . then a wooden crate the size of a bungalow tress with a ribbon land on he , flatten the entire area . dissolve to : 54 . 121 ext . desert — continuous 121 kate be get hot and cranky . kate somebody be go to pay for this . bug her assistant , most likely . dj look , when we get back to civilization , you can take you duck and rabbit and make you little movie . I neither solicit nor desire you help in save my father ... kate you do not really believe damien drake be kidnap , do you ? daffy sure , I will believe anything ! that 's how I have so many wacky adventure . dj I see it happen . kate he be probably just on location , shoot a scene . or , I do not know , but he 's somewhere . I mean , people do not just — dj vanish in thin air . just as daffy notice this , he smack into thin air . 122-124 125 55 . int . area 52 - continuous dj have walk through a '' doorway '' surround by some kind of invisible field . he can see the other on the other side , as if look through Polarize sunglass . he watch as daffy shake himself off and smack right into the force field again . ext . desert - continuous kate and bug be feel this invisible wall as daffy stagger around . dj head pop out of thin air . dj hey , everybody , it 's air - condition in here ! dj yank bug and kate into thin air . a moment later , kate reach out and yank daffy in . int . area 52 - continuous the four look around , amaze . on one side , the desert ; on the other some kind of gleam , high - tech laboratory . suddenly , a giant angry monster be head straight for they , claw wave , tooth bare and roaring . everyone < monster - provoke scream > omit 122-124 int . area 52 - day 125 we heroes be petrify . the drool beast close the gap with a few powerful stride . it position its maw to snap kate in two . a metal claw drop from 0.s. and pick up the creature bodily just before it can pounce . kate go weak in the knee ; bug steady she . daffy go weak in the knee ; dj let he drop to the floor . ( continued ) 125 126 56 . continued : 125 the claw lower the monster carefully into what look like a giant mason jar . another device screw on a giant metal top ; a third machine punch air hole . as we foursome watch , a phalanx of jump -suite minion carry metal pole form before they . daffy ah , here you be . now if you will lead I to you queen — daffy stride forward . one of the guard touch daffy with he pole . he melt into a puddle on the ground . liquid daffy that 's relax . a woman in a smock with a elaborate id badge emerge from the phalanx . this be mother . she be accompany by robby the robot . mother hello , dj . I be mother . you can * call I Mom . * mother turn and beckon they to follow . robby suck the puddle of daffy up with a turkey baster . they start walk . int . area 52 - laboratory - day 126 mother lead they past giant , high - tech fishbowl , mason jar , etc. , hold various space alien . bug * so this be Area fifty - one , the secret military base where they keep all the space alien and ufo and the President 's brain ... mother no. Area 51 be a paranoid fantasy * we concoct to hide the real * identity of this facility . dj which be ? ( continued ) 126 127 57 . continued : 126 mother Area 52 . but do not quote I on that . the four be lead past a large black granite plaque which * read , '' Area 52 '' with the legend , '' keeping thing from * the american people since 1947 . '' * daffy 's eyeball float around in the turkey baster robby be hold . kate seem worried about it . kate you be go to bring he back , be not you ? I can not go back to LA with a bowl of duck soup . mother we do have the technology to * reconstitute the body . but he * mind will remain a gooey mess . * bug that 's the daffy we all love ! * kate shoot bug a sour look . he mimic she expression , walk beside she like Nixon . int . area 52 - laboratory — day 127 * mother lead they in . the door shut with a hiss . mother let I escort you to we debrief room . behind a glass wall a technician work over a sink rinsing off a human brain . several other brain sit on a drying rack next to the sink . the worker stop to '' scrub out '' a particularly persistent memory out of the brain . ( continued ) 127 58 . continued : 127 back to scene ( note : in the b.g , a technician start to reconstitute the liquid daffy ) dj later . tell I about the Blue monkey . mother how do you know about that thing you mention that I have never hear of ? in my whole life . dj my dad tell I . mother ( annoyed ) what 's the point of make they swear a blood oath ... ( give in ) okay , I 'il tell you - but you have get to promise I ... dj ( scout 's oath ) promise . mother open a compartment in robby which contain several videotape : '' Moon landing dress rehearsal , '' '' congressman go Wild - vol. 6 , '' and '' how sausage be make . '' she pull out one label , '' the Blue monkey . '' mother pop the video into a panel in robby 's chest . the room go completely dark and light project from robby 's head onto a large '' screen '' in front of the they . ( it fill the movie screen , create silhouettes out of mother , dj , kate and bug . ) on screen a scratchy blue -black print . the logo be the great seal from the one dollar bill . underneath it read , '' do not read this . '' we hear a voice that appear to be come from the back of whatever theater this movie be play in . voice hey , down in front ! ( continued ) 127 58a . continued : ( 2 ) 127 dj / kate / bug / mother sorry , etc . they silhouettes '' sit down . '' the title of the film appear : '' the Blue monkey : why we must have it . '' below that it read , '' produce by Leon schlesinger '' a upa -style cartoon diamond appear on screen . a cartoon monkey 's face appear in the diamond . blue monkey hi , there ! I be the Blue monkey ! the Blue monkey jump out of the diamond and assume a complete body . he gesture to the diamond . blue monkey ( cont ’d ) and this be my diamond . we be thousand of year old . but do not let my smile and that sparkle fool you . we could end civilization ! the Blue monkey stroll past some cartoon scientist examine stone tablet and paint vase . blue monkey ( cont ’d ) we boy have be study ancient writings and feed all the data into the electrocipher here ... the electrocipher be a immense 1950s style computer . the light flash on and off and the computer spit out a punch card . the Blue monkey take it . blue monkey ( cont ’d ) hoo boy ! accord to this , anyone who possess I will have the power to rise ... ( spooky echo effect ) '' bbove all other '' ! the Blue monkey laugh disarmingly . blue monkey ( cont ’d ) yikes . if the commy get a hold of I first , it 's sayonara freedom ! so keep look for I , good guy ! I be root for you ! ( continued ) + HH HH HH fh hhh fh + eh 127 58b . continued : ( 3 ) 127 the film end abruptly with a black screen with plain white lettering : '' you see nothing . '' the light come up . ( note : in the b.g. , the reconstitution of daffy continue . at no point should it unduly distract from the dialogue in the foreground . ) mother it need update , but you get the idea . * dj so that 's why that guy come after my ... ( epiphany ) my dad be go to save the world . mother ( shrug ) again . dj be lose in the repercussion of it all . pull back to reveal bug , next to dj in a parody of he think pose . dj * so if I go after the diamond , the * bad guy 's 1l come after I ... * bug * we defeat they with we superior pluck ... * dj * thus save my dad and the * world ... bug * we get William Morris to package * the whole thing ... kate the sad thing be , it sound like you have think this through . dj it 's just crazy enough to work ... bug maybe it should be crazier . ( continued ) 127 58c . continued : ( 4 ) 127 dj no , it 's definitely crazy enough ... kate you be not seriously think of - mother ( scornful ) you want to take over you father 's mission ? ( then ) I guess that would be okay . kate ( to mother ) you be wear a lab coat . you be suppose to be smart . mother ( very casual ) how many people would notice if you vanish ? ( then , to dj ) I have to warn you , dj , you will be go up against a evil cabal bent on world domination ... bug yeah , yeah . do you have any , eh , high - tech spy gidge ? mother < you-gotta - be-kid sound > mother push a button and a wall behind open , revealing a dazzle array of gadgetry : laser cannon , float orb , high - tech propeller beany , etc . dj let 's kick some evil butt . dj step forward . mother stop he before he can walk into the special effect . mother none of that stuff work . the door close . mother direct dj to a small table . ( continued ) he hhh hf hhh fh HH HH % 127 58d . continued : ( 5 ) 127 mother ( cont 'd ) cost a fortune , too . okay , now I be go to talk pretty fast because this part 's boring ... mother pick up a cellphone . ( off to the leave side of the screen , bug take this opportunity to catch up on he personal groom : brushes tooth , floss , comb face ... ) mother ( cont ’d ) look like a ordinary cellphone ... kate pull out she cellphone . the two phone be virtually identical . mother put the cellphone in dj 's hand , push button as she tick off feature . ( as she talk , daffy walk up , hit alternate side of he head and knock gooey matter out of he ear . ) mother ( cont 'd ) Three - way call , voice dial , downloadable ring tone ... she push a button . we hear the first seven note of '' when you wish upon a Star . '' ( alt : '' my favorite martian '' theme , '' jetson '' theme , '' James bond '' theme , and '' secret agent man '' . ) kate my phone do all that . mother superconduct electromagnet ... ( continued ) + eh % * % + eh 59 . 127 continued : ( 6 ) 127 dj 's arm be jerk down to the metal table . mother casually click off that button and move onto the next . mother ( cont 'd ) gps with mapp software , tip calculator , gameboy ... daffy ( lean in ) gameboy ! mother ..- high - power laser ... a laser beam shoot out and neatly lop off daffy 's head ; it drop sideways onto the table . no one much notice . mother ( cont ’d ) .-.--mp3 player , polycarbonate rappeling line , with jet-propelled micro-grappling hook , nose-hair trimmer and ... a holographic hula dancer be project out of the phone . mother ( cont 'd ) guy in the lab spend way too much time on that . 127a-b omit 127a - B 128 int . area 52 - mason jar - day 128 marvin sit patiently as a diminutive scientist tentatively extend a robot arm hold a small squeaky toy . the arm squeak it enticingly . marvin 's helmet " ring . " he touch the side of it to answer . marvin hello ? a mission ? yes , I be available ... obtain a play card ... and then I can eliminate they all ? oh , goody ! 129 int . area 52 - laboratory - simultaneous 129 bug pick up a pair of pants off the table . bug Nice slack ! ( continued ) 59a . 129 continued : 129 mother Standard pleate front , but with liquid hydrogen pocket rocket here and here ... she point to the back pocket , then move on . she pick up a handheld device shape - like a nose . ( daffy tape he head back on with duct tape . ) ( continued ) 129 130 131 60 . continued : ( 2 ) 129 mother ( cont ’d ) the proboscinator . it can generate up to six million smell . she activate it . smell line radiate from it . kate /dj / bug / daffy ( together ) ( smell ) Amsterdam ! int . area 52 - mason jar - continuous 130 marvin address the scientist with the squeaky toy . marvin I be no longer amused by this creature 's flatulence . marvin produce the ray gun and zap the squeaky toy . the scientist run off . marvin zap a hole in he glass enclosure . he walk down the hall , zapping open other enclosure . marvin ( cont ’d ) playtime , friend ! int . area 52 - laboratory - continuous 131 dj secure he equipment ( include the slack ) . dj okay , just one more question : where 's the Blue monkey ? mother you have the play card ? dj pull it out . dj yeah . mother ( rote ) well , that 's the window into what lie behind she smile . dj / kate / bug / daffy what ? ( continued ) 131 132 61 . continued : 131 mother as a super spy , you be suppose to be able to figure the rest out . sorry . suddenly , the double door hiss open . gob of alien and monster struggle to cram through the door ! mother ( cont 'd ) oh , darn . I know this day would come . she reach down for a large red button label , '' push only in case this day come . '' mother slap the button . sfx : alarm female computer voice emergency shutdown activate . Force barrier seal in ten minute . int . area 52 - exit — continuous 132 personnel run out the automatic double door that lead to the desert . the door start to close ominously . back to scene dj ( turn to mother ) what do we do ? mother be be lower on a small platform that disappear into the floor . mother if you have one of this I have take it . dj turn back just as a laser beam blast over he head . marvin hold he laser gun on they . ( continued ) * 132 132a 133 134 62 . continued : 132 marvin the play card , please . daffy grab the card from dj . daffy I will take that . ( off dj 's look ) I have get a greedy nature . I be as much a victim of it as you be . daffy run off and down a hall . marvin give chase . bug , dj and kate face the monster . bug life be so much simpler in the wood . omit 132a int . area 52 - hallway — continuous 133 daffy run down a hallway like a maniac . he stop suddenly at a water cooler , and very calmly pour himself some water . he sip it , lean against the cooler . a laser beam zap he in the ass . he scream and run o.s. marvin give pursuit . int . area 52 - laboratory — continuous 134 dj wrestle the neck of a triffid . kate fend off the space gorilla with girlish kick and scratch . dj you need any help over there ? kate ( annoyed ) no , I can take care of my - as she turn to say this , the Space gorilla grab she in a bear hug . meanwhile bug be be approach on two side by dalek . he look scared . then suddenly , he whip on a box referee 's outfit . bug '' confer '' with the dalek . ( continued ) * 62a . 134 continued : 134 bug I want a fair fight . a clean fight . no flame below the belt . bug produce a ringside bell and ring it . the two dalek start torch each other . 135 63. int . area 52 - hangar 18 — continuous 135 daffy run into a huge hangar . a large sign say " hangar 18 . " it 's fill with all sort of alien aircraft , include a giant silver cigar with copper band and a humongous pie plate . daffy so many model to choose from . a laser beam blow he head clean off . the headless daffy run up and hop into a tiny pod saucer . a clear dome cover he . inside pod racer his head pop up and survey at the alien-scripted control . daffy ( cont ’d ) foreign job . back to scene marvin rush in . he see daffy . he raise he raygun . inside pod racer daffy look grim and in charge . daffy ( cont 'd ) eenie , meanie , miney , make ... it ... so ... daffy push a button . the Space pod rocket backwards . on marvin about to squeeze off a shot . his eye widen as daffy 's Space pod hit he at the neck , knock he head off . marvin 's head spin several time in the air and then land back on he shoulder , upside down . marvin rights he head and turn around in time to see : int . area 52 - hallway daffy very poorly execute a three - point turn in the hallway , then rocket o.s . on marvin ( continued ) * +e * hf 136 137 63a . continued : hand on hip . marvin oh , I be afraid I be go to have to bust a ion cap in he cloaca ! int . area 52 - laboratory — continuous 136 kate struggle in arm of the Space gorilla . it start petting she head , make coo noise . dj walk up , cover in triffid goo . dj ( jocular ) I think he like you . the Space gorilla quickly grab dj and pull he into the same embrace with kate . bug face off against the giant- brain mutant from '' this Island Earth . '' the mutant take a swipe at bug . bug dodge the claw and quickly climb up onto the mutant 's brain , riding it like a jockey . bug survey the brain , wiggling he finger over it . bug open cerebellum ! bug stick he finger into the crease of the brain and start '' operate '' the mutant . under he control , the mutant do some '' robot '' dance move and go into a moon walk . int . area 52 — hallway daffy 's space craft fly slowly down a featureless hallway . int . space pod — continuous 137 daffy look to and for , earnestly . daffy there 's get to be a restroom here somewhere ... ( continued ) * 137 140-141 142 64 . continued : 137 the pod be rock by a explosion . daffy get squash into the top of the dome . squashed daffy ( to audience ) always wear seatbelt , kid . loom up fast behind daffy 's pod be marvin in he tiny saucer , blast away . daffy '' pop '' down from the dome , and rocket ahead , straight into camera , scream . omit 140-141 int . area 52 - laboratory — continuous 142 dj and kate be press nose to nose , be hugge by the Space gorilla . dj have you be eat space bananas ? kate that be the best last word you can think of ? the Space gorilla squeeze they tighter and rock they like doll . space gorilla < electronic coo sound > dj hey , I love you , too . I really do . but more as a friend . or a pet . and I would not want to endanger that relationship by -- space gorilla < electronic roar > kate oh , great . you hurt its feeling . the Space gorilla lift they both off the ground , squeezing they very , very hard . he 's crush they . bug get along , li'l space doggy ... ( continued ) * 142 64a . continued : 142 the mutant swagger in , John wayne-like , with bug riding and operate he brain . under bug direction , the mutant swipe at the Space gorilla with he claw , knock the Space gorilla 's head clean off , expose the traditional sparking and smoking wire . the Space gorilla 's body drop dj and kate . bug make the mutant pump he claw in a victory gesture . he raise he claw to dj . bug ( cont 'd ) slap I two ! dj high - fives the claw . int . area 52 - hallway daffy 's pod rocket down a seemingly endless maze of hallway , in the best tradition of video- game - derive cinema . marvin 's pod follow at a distance . int . area 52 - elevator bank daffy 's pod zip to a halt in front of the elevator . a robot arm extend and push the button . the elevator door open . daffy 's pod scoot inside . the door close . marvin 's pod pull up . a robot arm extend and push the button several time , impatiently . after a couple second , marvin rotate the pod so it be face down . he blast down through the floor . ( continued ) % + eh 143-145 146-158 65 . continued : omit 143-145 int . area 52 - laboratory — continuous bug , dj and kate compose themselves as they walk to the double door . female computer voice Force barrier seal in five minute . I be not kid . bug five whole minute leave ? what kind of dramatic tension be that ? suddenly , marvin 's pod crash through the ceiling , cause they to duck as he zoom past they . the pod stop a few foot in front and the pod dome retract . on marvin he pull out a ketchup - like bottle that read '' instant martian - new squeeze top '' . he quickly squirt six time and six instant martian appear in a row in front of we heroes . marvin zoom off . bug ( cont 'd ) that 's more like it . we heroes turn to retreat , only to discover that the mutant , dalek and Space gorilla ( put he head back on ) be right behind they . think fast , bug zip over to robby the robot and hit he with the back of he fist . robby light up and begin play the Bruce johnston 's 1962 surf hit , '' Moon shot . '' the alien look momentarily confuse , then start to dance . kate be about to be hugge by the Space gorilla again , when dj grab she hand and pull she into a dance . she be momentarily shocked , but then smile . dj spin and swing kate around ; with each big movement , the duo kick and punch the alien . meanwhile , bug sit atop the mutant , who he be make do the watusi . omit 146-158 * % +e hf % +e hf ff % 65a . int . area 52 - stairwell marvin 's spacecraft zoom down the stair . int . area 52 - elevator meanwhile , daffy sit in he float pod , bliss out to a muzak version of '' the twilight Zone '' theme . the button Light up '' L , '' " ll " and finally '' hll . '' ding ! the door open and daffy absent - mindedly fly out . int . the elevator door open into the upper reach of huge cartoon cavern , which be quite clearly the fiery bowel of hell . daffy oopsie . satan call out from the cavern floor . satan Close that door ! I be not pay to heat the whole neighborhood ! daffy 's pod zip back into the elevator and the door close . 66-69 . int . area 52 - laboratory — continuous 159 alien and monster be laid waste everywhere . dj , kate and bug survey the scene . kate ( cocky laugh ) super-advanced species , my butt . female computer voice Force barrier seal in one minute . I mean it . I be go to do it . bug , dj and kate trot for the exit , which be nearly close . but at the last second , something red step in the way . they bounce off of it and onto they ass . gossamer look down at they , bellowing . dj and bug look panicked , but kate be think . she 's get a idea . kate '' Water , Water , every Hare '' ! bug ( surprised ) you see '' Water , Water , every Hare '' ? kate 1952 , Chuck Jones . ( off bug 's look ) I may be a executive , but I ’ma good executive . dj what 's '' Water , Water , every Hare '' ? if I may ask , I mean , before we get eat . kate put up a finger , indicate '' just watch . '' she and bug hop to they foot and assume the role of beautician . they surround a confuse gossamer . kate ( queen accent ) oh , honey , do you go out in that face ? bug pull up a chair from nowhere and kate push gossamer into it . ( continued ) % eh fh fhf fh hf % 159 69a . continued : 159 bug , in he hairdresser persona from '' Water , Water ... '' rapidly unlace and remove gossamer 's sneaker . bug you have such lovely monster foot , why smother they in this hideous beast ? kate already have a large tray at she disposal . she be troweling wax onto gossamer 's face as she speak . kate hiding that gorgeous visage under all that hair , you should be horsewhipped ! kate rip the wax off , pull all the hair off that section of gossamer 's face . he look to be in extreme distress . kate ( cont 'd ) beauty be pain , girlfriend . gossamer bite he lip bravely . dj appear behind gossamer , wear a doo-rag for some reason and channel Paul lynde . he lift gossamer 's hair in mock distress . dj oh my whisker , we be take away you henna . now let 's see what we can do with this bushy bush bush . as he say this , dj whip out he cell phone . the laser go on . he cut a huge swath of hair . as dj cut and kate rip out , pedicurist bug survey gossamer 's hairy , talone foot . bug this toenail be lethal ! bug whip on goggle and produce a chain see out of nowhere . he go to work . int . area 52 - hallway marvin 's space craft patrol the hallway . marvin hear a doorknob turn and the space craft spin 180 degree . janitor 's closet ( continued ) * ek ek * * ek * 161 69b . continued : read the door . it open . daffy 's pod float out , in '' disguise . '' humongous overall be wear around the pod 's perimeter and hang limply to the floor . a string mop hang off the top of the glass bubble in a semblance of a wig . marvin be Pov - targeting display Inside the pod , daffy play it cool , whistling . marvin check the weapon at he disposal . his finger trace past button read '' laser cannon , '' " angry letter , " " Water balloon , " and finally , " Earth -shatter kaboom . " marvin ideal ! marvin push that button . ext . area 52 - hallway marvin 's space craft shatter with a huge kaboom ( a sonic effect , no fire ) . the reverberation send daffy 's pod fly down the hall , flipping end over end . marvin sit daze on the floor , he helmet vibrate . marvin kaboom . omit 161 ( continued ) eee hf * eee hf * 161 162 70 . continued : 161 ext . area 52 - continuous 162 dj , kate and bug surround gossamer . kate bend down . kate ...- and just a couple tablespoon of lip gloss and ... there Pov gossamer , surround by mound of hair , be only about two foot tall . he 's completely shave , except for a tiny pony tail sprout from the top of he head . he 's heavily make up , and have glitter toenail . bug hold a mirror up to gossamer 's face . gossamer shriek and run off . dj ( regular voice ) I think he look nice . the three turn toward the exit just in time to see the door shut close . female computer voice I tell you I would close it . and I have . so now you be go to die . do not blame I . they be dumbfounded . kate turn to bug . kate you have to do french tip . before this catfight can break out , we hear the rapidly approach scream of daffy . the three turn to see daffy 's pod smash off of everything and then come careen right at they . they duck just in time . daffy 's pod crash through seal door . dj , kate and bug rush out . female computer voice oh , so that 's how it be . when you do not get you way , you hit . men. ( continued ) * a * + hhh of * * * 70a . 162 continued : 162 163 ext . mojave desert - continuous 163 dj , kate and bug run out of thin air . they see daffy 's space ship bounce around and finally crash in the distance . daffy emerge from the smoke , utterly cool , like Sam shepard in " the right stuff . " back to scene daffy walk into frame , very casual . he turn to the other , revealing for the first time that he entire back half be burnt ash . daffy ( very cool ) do you see how I save you all from certain deceasement ? bug I see how you crash that rocket ship . bug tap daffy on the head . his ash fall off . ( continued ) 163 71 . continued : 163 kate address dj , jocularly . kate so , what 's next ? jungle adventure ? dinosaur ? dj play card . dj pull out the play card , sigh . dj ( cont 'd ) the window into what lie behind she smile ... the card it 's a Queen of diamond . only the Queen look like : dj ( cont 'd ) mona Lisa ? kate which be in the Louvre ! which mean we have to go to Paris ! dj ( snippy ) I have figure that out , thank you . kate then you should have say it . ( be card : giddy ) we be go to Paris ! dj , bug and daffy all stare at she , bemuse . kate ( cont 'd ) ( quickly ) you do not really want I to make a long speech about how discover that the world be in danger have make I realize how shallow my old value be and how fight alien have make I feel truly alive for the first time in my life , do you ? bug / daffy / dj no / no , thank you , sister / you be right , we do not . dj look up and around . Desert everywhere . ( continued ) 163 continued : ( 2 ) dj okay . so how do we get to Paris ? bug like so . 71a . 163 ( continued ) 163 163a 164 165 166 72 . continued : ( 3 ) 163 bug " grab " the far right side of the screen . as he pull it leave , we wipe to : omit 163a ext . paris — day 164 various shot of the champ elysee , the Arc de triomphe , the eiffel Tower , and other cliched establish shot actually take from other movie . the less the film stock match , the better . music : edith piaf sing " La vie en Rose . " ext . the louvre - day — establishing 165 a sign read , " Le pavillon de Art fameuse . " int . the louvre - day 166 a gallery be line with a eclectic collection not usually find in the Louvre : Hopper 's " night hawk , " Van gogh 's " Starry night " and the cover of the first Boston album . our heroe stand before the '' mona lisa '' . dj look at the play card , then at the painting . ( continued ) 166 73 . continued : 166 dj not much of a window ... back of the card there 's a odd sheen on it , reflect the painting . dj examine the card closely . he carefully peel the back of the card to reveal a clear sheet of some kind . daffy aha , a '' window '' ! ( off dj 's look ) she have not figure it out yet . kate yes I have . kate smack daffy on the back of the head , send he fly out of frame . dj hold the viewer in front of the painting and a glow 15th century map of Africa appear . dj wow . daffy bounce back into frame and proclaim : daffy now all we have to do be steal the mona Lisa ! a couple of bore french guard turn when they hear this , but decide it 's nothing , and return to they ennui . bug look through the filter . bug we could take a picture through that window thingy ... daffy yeah ! use you spy phone ! dj examine the spy phone . dj it do not seem to have a camera ... maybe ... dj push a button . liquid squirt out and hit daffy in the face . his bill melt off . ( continued ) 166 74 . continued : ( 2 ) 166 dj ( cont 'd ) no , that just shoot acid ... she brandish she cellphone , point to the camera lens . kate ( playful ) spy phone without a camera ? loser . bug hold up the filter for kate . she take the camera - phone and snap a picture of the map . elmer ( 0.s. ) I will take that . they turn . elmer fudd have a shotgun train at they . bug what give , doc ? we have make a hundred picture together . I have loan you money . I help hook up you stereo . elmer well , as it turn out , I be secretly evil . daffy that 's show biz for you . elmer now make with the camera so I can please my dark master . bug go into a fast street magician patter . bug Queen of diamond be you card ! just put it back into the pack . anywhere be fine . bug hand elmer the card and fan out a deck . elmer , confuse , put the Queen into the deck . bug do a couple of fancy shuffles , include one that back and forth through elmer 's head . bug ( cont 'd ) and upsie-daisey ! bug throw the whole deck up in the air . he catch the first card which flutter down . ( continued ) 166 742a . continued : ( 3 ) 166 bug ( cont 'd ) this you card ? elmer no. bug lick the card and slap it on elmer 's forehead . he proceed to repeat this with a dozen other card . bug / elmer ( blindingly fast ) this ? no./ this ? no./ this ? no. this ? no./ this ? no./ this ? no. this ? no./ this ? no./ this ? no. this ? no./ this ? no./ this ? no. ~ no elmer 's face be completely cover with card . bug catch one last card , which we see be the card . he grab daffy 's hand and take off o.s . dj ( quietly , to kate ) come on ! dj and kate slink away . elmer it 's the Ace of diamond , I tell you . after a beat , elmer realize he 's be have . he shake off the card angrily . elmer ( cont 'd ) ew . I be gonna blast that rabbit . ( continued ) 166 167 168 169 170 75 . continued : ( 4 ) 166 int . louvre - another gallery - day 167 elmer see daffy and bug run right into dali 's " persistence of memory . " elmer run in after they . int . dali' painting " persistence of memory " 168 the character run across the surrealistic landscape . elmer raise he gun to shoot , but the barrel droops and the bullet plop out . bug and daffy run out the side of the painting . pan the gallery wall to : int . munch painting " the scream " 169 daffy and bug run toward the foreground , scream in the style of the painting . int . louvre - gallery - continuous 170 bug and daffy jump out of the painting ( still draw in expressionistic style ) race across the gallery , and jump into toulouse - Lautrec 's " at the moulin rouge . " elmer jump out of " the scream , " shake off he munchian interpretation , and look around . suddenly , bug and daffy come dance out of " moulin rouge " as a couple of high - kick can - can girl . elmer be intrigue . bug and daffy kick he in ass and face , turn and raise they skirt at he , then disappear into another frame . enrage , elmer follow they into 171 172 173 76 . int . escher' painting " relativity " 171 escher-like bug and daffy run up and down , over , upside - down the endless staircase with elmer in pursuit , blasting he shotgun . the blast leave he muzzle , but come out of random place in the staircase . int . louvre - somewhere else - simultaneous 172 dj and kate stop behind a corner . dj look off in the direction they just come from . dj maybe we should go back and help they . kate Nah . elmer never get bug . it 's a formula , but it work . a huge hand reach in from o.s. and cover kate 's mouth with a handkerchief . she look briefly alarmed , then pass out . the hand pull she out of frame . dj , look in the other direction , do not notice . dj that 's the great thing about movie . you always know what 's go to happen . for example , if this be a movie , you and I would definitely end up together . dj glance back to gauge she response . she be not there . he turn around . dj ( cont 'd ) kate ? he see Mr. Smith , carry kate over he shoulder , enter a elevator . on elevator 173 the other rider avert they eye and make room for Mr. Smith and he unconscious quarry . 174 175 176 177 77 . on elevator , ground floor 174 the door open and Mr. Smith exit . he take off toward the door . the other rider exit , as if nothing have happen . a beat later , dj run into the frame , have apparently run down the stair . he look , and run in the direction Mr. Smith exite . ext . louvre — day 175 dj run out onto the step , just in time to see : ext . paris STREET 176 a french cabbie be help the Mr. Smith stuff kate in the trunk . they get in and zoom off a second before dj arrive . he look around frantically . dj gendarme ! pepe le pew , in police uniform , pull up on a scooter . pepe you have police need ? dj ( point ) there 's a unconscious woman in the trunk of that cab ! pepe alor ! this be my lucky day , be it not ? dj move to climb on the scooter , but pepe zip off frame without he . int . louvre - gallery 177 seurat' painting " sunday afternoon on the island of LA grande jatte " hang on the wall . 178 179 180 181 182 78. int . seurat' " sunday afternoon on the island of LA 178 grande jatte elmer chase bug and daffy through the pointillist masterpiece , blasting away . Park patron run off ina panic . everything elmer hit explode into a cloud of dot . bug and daffy jump out of the painting . elmer follow . int . louvre - gallery - continuous 179 elmer look around , still pointillist . one way , nothing . another , nothing . one more turn : bug stand there with a electric fan . bug pointillism . a technique of use individual dot of pigment which , take together , make a image . elmer crimeny . the fan blow elmer away in a swirl of dot . bug turn to daffy , who 's smear he dot together with a thumb . bug I think when you go to the movie , you should learn something . ext . eifel tower - base 180 the cabbie be help Mr. Smith with kate . Mr. Smith pay he and trot toward the tower . a moment later , dj run up , very out of breath . he see : int . eiffel tower - elevator 181 Mr. Smith , and the unconscious kate , take the elevator to the observation deck . dj also see a black helicopter , approach . ext . eifel tower - base 182 there 's no time . then dj remember : ( continued ) 182 continued : dj the pants ! he push a button at the top of the fly of rocket flame shoot out of the back pocket dj squat , ready to take off . the pants rip into the sky . dj be leave squatting in boxer int . eiffel tower - elevator 78a . 182 the pants . on the pants . off and fly short . several tourist wait to go up the tower . dj , in he boxer , stroll in , whistling . the elevator door close . 183 79 . ext . eifel tower - observation deck - day 183 Mr. Smith hold kate under he arm like a package . a helicopter lower into view . it be fly by black jacque shellac . Mr. Smith take the camera from around kate 's neck and pocket it . he reach out for a ladder lower from the helicopter . a hand tap he shoulder . Mr. Smith turn around . dj throw a punch . the punch stop abruptly at Mr. Smith 's jaw with a clang . Mr. Smith retaliate with a series of kick and punch , all execute with a unconscious kate under he arm . he knock dj down , and return to the await helicopter . kate awaken in time to see she the preciptious drop to the ground . she struggle . Mr. Smith seem annoyed , but reach for the helicopter ladder . a metal replica of the eifel Tower hit he in the back of the head . he turn to see that : dj be buy one model after another from a salesgirl and hurl they at he . Mr. Smith bat off the metal model like fly . dj ( shouting ) give I the girl ! she 's not worth it . she can be extremely annoying . kate look mad . Mr. Smith shrug . he grab onto the helicopter ladder and fly off , drop kate . dj immediately swan dive off the Tower . intercut kate hurtle to she death , scream through the tape . dj fall through the air . he take out he cell phone . kate still hurtle , still scream . dj push a button on the cell phone . the display read , '' rappelling line activate '' . a line shoot out at high speed . the line wrap around the girder and lock into shape . ( continued ) 79a . continued : kate hurtle , scream . dj swing down in a dramatic arc around the tower and grab kate out of thin air . ( continued ) 184 184a 185 80 . continued : ( 2 ) dj swing with kate hold close . she look at he with something more than just gratitude . ext . eifel tower - base 184 a flower girl stand with a bouquet of rose . dj and kate swing through frame and the rose disappear and money appear in the girl 's hand . dj and kate continue swinging . she love the flower . ext . eifel tower - base 184a a candy man sell chocolate . dj and kate swing through frame and a large box disappear from he stand . ext . a parisian cafe - later 185 the cafe be call '' passe d' jo . '' daffy and bug sit at a table , look impatient . kate and dj drop out of the sky and into they chair . the rope fall off kate ; she casually remove she gag . dj put the flower and chocolate down and begin the scene grimly , as if nothing strange have just happen . dj okay , they have get the camera , which mean they 's 1l have the map once they develop the picture . kate no , the great thing be you do not have to develop it . it 's digital , so you just - ( catch herself ) right . daffy we still get that window thingy . we can take another picture . dj ( mad at self ) my dad would not have screw this up . ( continued ) 185 186 81 . continued : 185 bug ( comforting ) but that 's what make you you . kate one thing you father would never have do be give up . dj you do not know my father . kate but I have see all he movie . dj stand , determine . dj you be right . let 's go . kate and bug also stand , determine . they all exit . daffy follow . daffy ( excited ) we be go to a damian drake movie ? the waiter walk up . waiter pas de gratui ? seulmont pour can , nous allon jamais repayer notre debt de la guerre ! subtitle : '' no tip ? just for that , we will never repay we war debt ! '' pan up from the cafe to reveal that the Paris skyline have a acme tower identical to the one in Los Angeles , except there be a accent over the '' E . '' int . acme build - boardroom — afternoon 186 Mr. Smith plug the phone / camera into the console next to Mr. Chairman , who pet a large cow 's liver . mr . chairman Friends , I reveal to you the whereabouts of the Blue monkey . Mr. Chairman push a button on a remote . the video screen show the picture kate take before the dais . ( continued ) 186 82 . continued : 186 it show a exquisite 15th century map of Africa , on the leave half . on the right half be daffy stare into the camera . Mr. Chairman angrily throw the remote at the video screen . it make a break sound , a little smoke come out , and it go up into the ceiling . mr . chairman ( cont ’d ) how can I be expect to run a multinational evil corporation with such incompetence ?! v.p. , not keep mouth shut be that a rhetorical question ? Mr. Chairman push a button . the v.p. be quickly wrap in saran wrap . he struggle for a moment and stop . mr . chairman we can not allow some boy and girl and duck and rabbit to thwart we plan for global domination ! damian ( 0.s. ) wanna bet ? damian be suspend in a harness and cover with hundred of electrode . the mad scientist from earlier operate a small box that appear to allow he to control the movement of damian , who be move somewhat like a ultimate fighter in a video game . Mr. Chairman take the box from the mad scientist . mr . chairman a wager ? damian five dollar say my son scuttle you diabolical plan and save the world . mr . chairman you be on . Mr. Chairman manipulate the knob on the small box and damian start smack himself squarely on the face . mr . chairman ( cont ’d ) stop hit yourself . stop hit yourself . ( continued ) * +e * hf * 186 82a . continued : ( 2 ) 186 satisfied , Mr. Chairman turn away from damian . mr . chairman ( cont 'd ) ( evil smile ) I believe I will hedge my bet . let we unleash we most vicious operative . he push a button on a remote . nothing happen . annoy , he go over to he other remote , pick up a different remote , and push a button . nothing happen . the vice President next to the remote , meekly suggest a third remote . he angrily grab it away and push a button . a metal cage be lower from the ceiling . it contain the tasmanian devil . tasmanian devil < tasmanian Devil noise > v.p. , never learning Mr. Chairman , I agree , the tasmanian Devil be quite vicious . but if memory serve , he 's also extremely stupid . Mr. Chairman push a button . taz 's cage open . he spin out . we hear gnarling and gnashing . taz spin back into he cage , lick he lip . ( continued ) +e * hf 186 187 83 . continued : ( 3 ) 186 the v.p. be a skeleton . skeleton v.p. I withdraw my objection . the map of the blue monkey on a nice matte finish . the map be lower to reveal : ext . african jungle - day 187 dj , in sweat - drench safari gear , stand in a clear . he point he machete at some dense foliage . dj it 's another six - thousand cubit in the ... thick direction . kate , bug and daffy be clearly not up for that . dj ( cont 'd ) come on ! if the bad guy get the diamond , they 'il plunge the earth into a endless night of evil , and only one of we want that ! kate shoot he a look . dj ( cont 'd ) not you . I mean daffy . daffy ( shrug ) true . it 's basically win-win for I . in the distance , a funnel cloud make of foliage spring up . a distant gnashing can be hear . as we guy watch , tree fall like domino . then animal flee toward we as if a lion be attack . whatever it be , it 's get closer ! a tree topple directly in front of we people ; it trunk be then razored in two by something move too fast to make out . the tiny tornado stop : it 's the tasmanian devil . tasmanian devil < threaten sound > kate you be another one of that nasty henchmen , be not you ? ( continued ) 187 84 . continued : 187 tasmanian devil yes , mar ’am . taz begin to slobber viciously . he panning Pov bug transform into a delicious roast rabbit . daffy transform into a delicious baked ham . dj transform into a giant hot dog . kate transform into a chocolate eclair . back to scene drool taz approach , affixing a napkin to he neck . dj get a idea . he pull the proboscinator from he pocket , surreptitiously activate . he hold the nose aloft , and wave it around . ( smell line radiate ) . dj here , boy ! you want a treat , boy ? taz zoom up , like a dog . dj ( cont 'd ) sit , boy . beg. Roll over . back flip . taz do all this in quick succession . dj drop the nose into taz 's mouth . taz gobbles it like a dog , lick he lip , then turn back to they . taz take two step forward , then look puzzle . smell line radiate from he body . as he look down , he body transform into a delicious roast ... tasmanian devil Chicken ! taz quickly gobbles himself , leave only he mouth . the mouth hang in the air for a moment , chagrine . the mouth drop to the ground and run off into the jungle . tasmanian devil ( cont 'd ) yipe yipe yipe yipe yipe ... ( continued ) 187 188 189 85 . continued : ( 2 ) 187 dj okay then . let 's get back to hack ! daffy , kate and bug sigh deeply . omit 188 ext . jungle - day 189 the vegetation break away as dj chop through it . behind he the other weakly swing they machete , chopping nothing . daffy accidently lop off bug 's tail . bug hey ! daffy sorry , old chap . bug slap he tail back on . kate slump to the ground . kate I can not go any further . daffy ( even more exhaust ) and I be not leave she here . suddenly , we hear a great crashing and thrashing . everyone turn in alarm . a huge elephant burst through the underbrush . it snort ferociously ! we heroes recoil ! voice ( 0.s. ) bad elephant ! it 's tweety , who swing in a cage on the elephant 's head . tweety you almost step on that people ! on the elephant 's back be granny , in safari gear , with sylvester curl up behind she . granny Little damien ! how funny see you here ! you look exhaust , dear . would you like a lift ? daffy be already sit behind granny . ( continued ) 189 190 86 . continued : 189 daffy giddyap ! bug it sure be a lucky coincidence , you show up just now . granny ( odd little smile ) yes , be not it ? we hear a foreboding foreshadowing sting . the character look around , wonder where that come from . ext . jungle - montage 190 the fully load elephant trudge past several scenic vista . ext . jungle - one area the character be jarre from they lumber by a beautiful chorus of tweeting . everybody look and see : a huge tree fill with tweety bird of every color and hue ( well , six or seven anyway . ) tweety look in awe . tweety I have discover my root ! sylvester I have discover my dinner ! multi -colored tweetys ( unison ) < Bantu translation to come > subtitle : '' I teach I taw a puddy tat ! '' sylvester crouch to leap . he be instantly cover by dozen on tweetys . they fly off , leave he bloody and furless . tweety raise he fist in triumph . ( continued ) 191 86a . continued : tweety Cry freedom ! dissolve to : ext . jungle - later finally , the elephant crest a hill or push through some vegetation to reveal : ext . monkey plaza - day 191 the elephant bring the crew into a giant stone plaza , surround by giant stone monkey . dj look like this be we stop . they dismount . dj pull out he wallet . tweety oh , you put you money away . granny it be we pleasure . enjoy the rest of you adventure ! the elephant turn and exit . dj put he arm around kate and they gaze into a tall ancient corridor lead up to a stone monkey altar bath in blue light . daffy dash past they . daffy it 's mine ! all mine ! dj manage to grab daffy by the tail feather . he hold he upside down and show he : ( continued ) 191 87 . continued : 191 a disney -style sign reading " gauntlet of death . " a smaller sign read , " you must be at least this tall to die horribly . " they look closer at the wall of the corridor . they be cover with horrific visage , gargoyle ... and a duck skull . in the distance , a volcano rumble . nearby , lava tube emerge from the ground , spout flame . daffy ( cont ’d ) ( still upside down ) you know , I have not notice that . dj drop daffy to the ground . he pick up a coconut and throw it in the gauntlet . before it can even land , a primitive trap spring up , impale it . coconut milk spurt out like blood . bug well , that explain all the skeleton . and most of the coconut . dj , dead serious , head toward the gauntlet . kate dj , what be you , a maniac ? dj I be a train maniac . proceed with precision and grace , dj negotiate a series of trap without activate they , include dart set to cloud the air with needle ; spike drive upward from the grass ... daffy ( impatient ) for cry out loud , time be moolah ! get the lead out ! daffy clap like a baseball coach . kate grab he hand and squeeze they hard . dj tread carefully through some poisonous snake ... daffy ( cont ’d ) ( desperate ) C ’mon , move it ! my greed need to be slake ! ( continued ) 191 192 193 88 . continued : ( 2 ) 191 dj ( very evenly ) relax . this be go to take a few more hour ... daffy a few more hour ?! forget that , mister ! daffy march into the gauntlet . he immediately start set off the trap . super action - packed sequence 192 dj and daffy proceed through the gauntlet in tandem , with one important difference : while dj artfully and amazingly dodge each deadly blow , daffy take the full brunt of each punishment . dj deflect / catch dozen of deadly dart ; daffy be multiply pierce . dj flip over a pit ; daffy fall in and crawl out cover with scorpion . dj run up the wall to avoid flame shoot from the mouth of stone monkey relief . daffy stagger out of the flame , a cinder with eye . dj leap backwards , as if high jump , between two slice scimitar . the scimitar slice daffy into four piece , each piece be swallow by a separate snap venus flytrap . a flytrap come for dj ; he punch it and knock it unconscious . a few foot ahead , daffy grow out of the ground as a sheepish daffy Daisy . dj '' pick '' daffy and charge forward , barely miss various arrow , boulder , etc . ext . monkey pedestal area - continuous 193 dj , stand at the other end of gauntlet , exhaust . bug and kate walk up past the already trip trap . bug ( applaud ) bravo ! bravo ! dj it 's what I do . ( continued ) 89 . 193 continued : 193 kate bend over to address the destroy daffy . kate ( genuine laugh ) and you be pretty funny . daffy ( stand , woozy ) it 's what I do . bug come up behind daffy . bug nobody take a deadly blow more hilariously than daffy duck . bug pat daffy 's shoulder . daffy 's arm fall off . dj approach the blue glow . a pedestal . daffy zip in front of he . daffy hello , wealth and ( voice drop ) power . it 's a small blue monkey - shape stone on a stone ring . daffy pick it up . daffy ( cont 'd ) this be the Blue monkey ?! this dime store bauble ? I have be rook . grift by the god ! daffy raise he arm heavenward . daffy ( cont 'd ) I demand recompense . where 's my humongous gem ? kate pluck the ring from daffy 's hand . kate wait a second . this be a tessella . everyone stare at she . kate ( cont 'd ) ( explain ) a mosaic piece , identical interlock shape which form a pattern , first use in ancient mesopotamia . ( continued ) 193 194 90 . continued : ( 2 ) 193 they still stare at she . kate ( cont 'd ) see , I do not have a iq of 106 . ( point ) plus I notice there be a piece miss from this one . she point to a large tessellation on the wall ( or floor ? ) make of identical monkey shape and form one large monkey shape . kate put on the ring and insert the monkey in a empty space in the center of the mosaic . with a ancient creaking SOUND the monkey - shape mosaic emerge from the wall . kate be take aback momentarily . on a hunch , she turn she fist . the monkey ring turn the monkey mosaic like a key ; it rotate clockwise . the ground trembles . everyone turn in half - horror to see what happen next . in front of they , a spectacular achievement in set direction unfold . the wall behind the pedestal lower down , form a bridge across a molten lava moat to : ext . monkey altar — continuous 194 it 's really something . you should see the drawing . they stare in awe . daffy zip past they . daffy I be rich ! I be affluent ! my liquidity be assure ! daffy race up the side of altar and run toward the buddha monkey . he dive for the diamond . daffy stop in mid-air , inch from the Blue monkey . dj be hold daffy perpendicular by the leg . dj if you do not mind . daffy droops down and dj drop he . as he get up : daffy mind ? I be just poison , burnt , chop and eat for that diamond . why should I mind ? ( continued ) 194 91 . continued : 194 dj stand before the diamond , solemnly . he remove it from the statue 's hand . its facet be cut in such a way that the slightly bluish face of a monkey appear in the center of it . dj hold the diamond aloft . dj this be for you , dad . sunlight hit the diamond . it glow . Light gather in the eye of the monkey inside and a blue beam shoot out . dj be engulf in a field of blue energy . in second we watch as he de-evolve before our eye . he go from dj to airhead to George of the jungle to encino man to cro- magnon until finally the beam stop - leave hima monkey . the monkey give a screech . daffy why , dj , why ? why you ? why be not it I ?! just academic curiosity , you understand . daffy pick up the diamond again , this time backwards . he notice from this side there seem to be a reddish human face inside . daffy ( cont 'd ) < greedy chuckle > sunlight hit the diamond , send out a red beam . red energy engulf the monkey . we watch as dj re-evolves from monkey to caveman until once again he be dj . daffy drop the diamond and embrace dj . daffy ( cont 'd ) dj , buddy ! you be okay ! granny ( 0.s. ) that be so sweet . everyone turn to see granny and sylvester . granny stand with sylvester . granny ( cont ’d ) now if you could hand over the diamond ... granny reach under she chin and peel off her face , revealing she be Mr. Chairman underneath . ( continued ) 194 195 196 92 . continued : ( 2 ) 194 mr . chairman immediately . sylvester pull he mouth wide open and Mr. Smith 's head emerge . he wiggle out of the disguise , grow in height and width as he do . tweety , in he cage , be shocked . tweety hey , you be not granny and puddy - tat ! what have you do with they , you monster ! mr . chairman < evil laugh , then > we send they on a all - expense pay ocean cruise . tweety oh . that be very nice of you . omit 195 ext . monkey altar - continuous 196 mr . chairman the diamond , Mr. drake ... dj no , forget you . you be evil . mr . chairman I see . well then ... Mr. Smith appear , carry damian over he shoulder . dj 's father be wrap in chain and lock . dj dad ? mr . chairman Mr. Smith , throw damian drake in the lava , please . Mr. Smith raise damian over he head . dj ( distraught ) no ! you want the diamond ? ( continued ) 92a. 196 continued : 196 mr . chairman I believe I have already say I want the diamond . ( continued ) 196 93 . continued : ( 2 ) 196 dj approach Mr. Chairman . damian crunch a ball gag in he mouth and spit it out . damian do not do it , son ! that 's diamond 's more important than I be ! dj not to I . dj walk toward Mr. Chairman with the diamond , but at the last moment he hold it aloft and point it he father . a blue light envelope damian drake . he quickly devolve into a monkey . a much smaller monkey . he escape he chain and scamper off , eeping . dj ( cont 'd ) run , dad , run ! Mr. Smith come after dj . dj turn and toss the diamond to : kate get it ! kate catch the diamond , but the sun hit it . a blue beam lance bug . he change into the fluffy - tail , goofy - look tex avery bug Bunny circa 1938 . the transformation cause a startle kate to stumble ; she let the diamond fly . right to Mr. Chairman . mr . chairman ( chuckle ) come to evil papa ... just then daffy fly in front of Mr. Chairman and nab the diamond . daffy interception ! a victorious daffy fly through the air . daffy ( cont 'd ) once again , daffy duck have - a blue beam shoot from the stone and strike bug and kate : he 's now transformed into the neanderthal rabbit from " mad as a Mars Hare ; " she look the same but be wear a cavewoman outfit , a la '' 1 million year b.c . '' ( continued ) 196 94 . continued : ( 3 ) 196 daffy ( cont 'd ) ( look down ) oopsie ... oh , well , can not make a omelette without break a few - crack . daffy hit a stone idol . he drop down , unconscious , and the diamond roll away . dj be punch Mr. Smith in the face . clang ! clang ! Mr. Smith be unfaze by the blow , but be bother by the angry monkey on he head . the diamond roll past they . dj look and see that it be roll toward : the lava pit with lot of hot lava in it . monkey damian stop hit Mr. Smith and look at dj , anxious . dj oh , right . you be still a monkey . dj run after the diamond . too late ! it roll off the side . dj dive ! he catch the diamond and go over the side with it . everyone rush to look over the side . above the lava pit dj cling to a rock by one hand , the diamond crooked in he other arm . cave kate reach down for he . cave kate < concerned grunt > monkey damien , neanderthal bug , and daffy also look distress . Mr Chairman and Mr. Smith smile . Mr. Smith extend he hand . mr . chairman you life for the diamond , Mr. drake ? dj let I think about it . ( continued ) 196 95 . continued : ( 4 ) 196 dj 's hand slip . we see that with he other hand he be operate the cell phone . close on phone dj push a button . the screen read , '' electromagnet on . '' dj be suddenly lift up into the air , cell phone lead the way . it 's head right for : mr . smith 's face the cell phone attaches to he cheek with a clang . Mr. Smith reel backward , take dj with he . dj release the phone , which remain stick to Mr. Smith 's face . dj ( cont 'd ) Iron jaw . I suspect as much . cave kate sidle up next to dj , affectionately grunting , and start groom he . dj try to ignore this . mr . chairman very clever . now the diamond . ( hand out ) gimme . dj what ? so you can turn everyone in the world into monkey ? mr . chairman do not be ridiculous . we be go to use the diamond 's power to super - evolve ourselves , place we above all other and give we a unbeatable edge in a tight marketplace . ( shrug ) we may turn some people into monkey . ( turn ) Mr. Smith , dismantle he . Mr. Smith start to advance on dj , who be trap against the edge of the chasm . he look to daffy . he 's sleep peacefully , diamond circle he head . neanderthal bug be digging a hole . cave kate be pick insect off of neanderthal bug . monkey damien raise he hand in a what - can - I - do gesture . Mr. Smith be get close ... ( continued ) 196 96 . continued : ( 5 ) 196 sfx : steam whistle Mr. Smith drop he guard , walk to a nearby tree on which be a time clock like the one we see at acme headquarters , and punch out . mr . chairman ( cont ’d ) what be you do ! mr . smith I gotta have a eight -hour turnaround between shift . Howard ? the elephant amble over to join he colleague . elephant I could go for a cold one . mr . chairman you can not leave now ! mr . smith take it up with the teamster . mr . chairman ( back off ) no , no , it need not come to that . Mr. Smith ( the cell phone still attach to he face ) and the elephant walk away . Mr. Chairman turn back to dj , annoyed . he reach into he pocket and pull out the tasmanian Devil 's mouth . he reach deep into the mouth , and '' pull '' taz right side out again . taz spin , spit and slobber . mr. chairman ( cont ’d ) now , which of you little animal friend shall I have he eat first ? dj realize he have lose . he hand the diamond over . dj I be never buy anything from acme ever again . mr . chairman you will not have much choice . Mr. Chairman turn to exit , only to find stand in he path one very angry tweety bird . ( continued ) 196 197 97 . continued : ( 6 ) 196 tweety where do you think you be go ? Mr. Chairman take this in . he laugh . mr . chairman ( laugh ) ooh , what will I do now ? ( gesture to taz ) eat the birdy . taz approach tweety , gnash . dj take a chance : he run , launch off a rock and flip over Mr. Chairman , pluck the diamond from above . dj land and point it at tweety . Light strike it . a blue beam shoot out and hit tweety . the little bird glow blue . he stagger back , and fall over the edge . mr . chairman ( cont 'd ) entertain , if pointless . ( to dj ) my diamond , please ? dj no problem . say , do you know that bird descend from dinosaur ? a gigantic yellow pterosaur 197 appear , flap its wing . it have abnormally large eye . the voice be deep and have reverb , but be unmistakable . tweety pterosaur you be a very bad man . mr . chairman ( nervously ) well , I try . pterosaur tweety swallow Mr. Chairman in one gulp . he spit out the diamond . pterosaur tweety look at taz . taz back away , Woody Allen -style , then turn tail and run . monkey damien scamper up and jump on dj 's shoulder . the monkey '' hug '' dj 's head . dj I love you , too , dad . ( continued ) 197 198 199 98. continued : 197 omit 198 ext . monkey plaza — later 199 dj , with tweety on he shoulder , hug kate as they walk along with damian ( everyone be back to normal ) . tweety hold he stomach . tweety my tummy hurt . dj dad , this be kate . kate , dad . kate hand damian she card . kate we should have lunch sometime . you franchise be grow a little stale . I can help . dj pinch she affectionately . she laugh . tweety burp . behind they be daffy and bug , both in less good mood . daffy ( rub head ) I can not believe after all that , we have to throw the diamond in the lava just because it could bring about the downfall of mankind ... bug I can not believe tweety get to waltz in at the end and be the hero . daffy now you know how I feel . bug you know , daffy , you be right . from now on , you and I be go to be equal partner in this thing . no more second banana for you . bug extend he hand . daffy reach for it . daffy thanks , pal , I appreciate - ( continued ) 199 200 99 . continued : 199 a giant monkey statue land on daffy . kate ( 0.s. ) that 's a print . and a wrap ! a horde of sycophant rush up to bug , throw a robe on he and spirit he away with neck rub and fresh fruit . pull back to reveal we be int . warner bros - " back in action " set - day 200 sfx : SOUND bell the crew applaud and break down the set . on the sideline , the actor who play the Warner bros as well as the major looney tune ( even the formerly evil one ) all join in the celebration . dj and kate walk off together . they pass the real brendan fraser , who 's read a copy of mad Magazine with he caricature on the cover . dj reenter frame and address Brendan . dj hey , remember I ? I threaten you '' manliness '' so you get I fire ? brendan fraser I be sorry , man . I get a lot of people fire and ... I just , I can not place the face ... dj punch Brendan in the jaw , drop he . dj exit frame again . after a beat : daffy ( 0.s. ) hello ? help ? pan back to daffy , still trap under the stone monkey . daffy ( cont 'd ) Key grip ? the '' real '' daffy stroll in , wear a robe and sip a soda . he indicate the crush daffy . daffy ( cont 'd ) stunt duck . a rack of light fall on he . ( continued ) 100 . 200 continued : 200 black . the end