lootera shoot draft a inspire by " the last leaf " by o. henry screenplay bhavani iyer vikramaditya motwane dialogue anurag kashyap registered at the Film writer Association reg # : 107296 15/02/2005 lootera shoot draft vl pg 1 ext . pakhi' cottage -- day a almost barren tree . not many leave leave . snow all around , and a light snow fall as well . watch this tree from inside a cottage be pakhi . she 's in she early twenty and pretty , but she eye make she look much older . the wind pick up and a leaf break off the tree . it start to float towards the ground . pakhi watch the fall leaf , all the way till it hit the snow - cover ground . overlap the soft sound of drum and woman ululate . slowly , a title fade in on screen : base on o.henry " the last leaf " the title fade out . the leaf disappear into the snow . the drum get louder . int . haveli -- night on a light bulb , unlit . on this visual , a title : " manikpur . bengal . 1953 " behind the bulb be the courtyard of a grand haveli . durga pooja in progress . woman ululate and man play the drum . a decorate statue of durga loom over everyone . stand amongst many people in front of the statue , dress in finery , be pakhi , the same age but look year young . next to she stand a very dignify middle age man . soumitra roychowdhury , the Zamindar of the haveli . the drum beat on . int . haveli -- night on a makeshift stage in the centre of the courtyard , a jatra be be perform . loud actor appear from the middle of the crowd , walk dramatically on stage . the audience clap , whistle and cheer . pakhi sit in the crowd with devyani , she friend . like everyone else , they have wide smile on they face , fascinate by the play . lootera shoot draft vl pg 2 she look across the stage and see the Zamindar , sit with he estate manager majumdar . they be in deep conversation . majumdar thodi savdhaani baratne mein aap hi ka faayda hai ... kanoon kabhi bhi lagoo ho sakta hai ... zamindar apni viraasat hum nahin bechenge majumdar ... majumdar nahin bechna hai to trust bana leejiye ... uss mein bhi waqt lagta hai . baki sab zamindar babu log bhi yahi kar rahe hain ... the Zamindar ignore he . another loud actor enter the stage dramatically , deliver a line . pakhi and devyani laugh aloud . pakhi 's laugh turn into a bout of cough , soft at first , but gradually become more persistent . devyani do not notice at first but then she do . the Zamindar also notice . int . haveli -- night the Zamindar and devyani hurriedly help pakhi through a corridor . she 's breathe with a lot of difficulty . int . pakhi be room -- continuous they carry she into she room and place she on a armchair . a maid follow they in . maid kya hua ? zamindar Dr. guha ko bulvaiye ... int . haveli -- night the jatra be still on . dr . guha , a bald middle age man , walk past it and into the haveli . int . haveli -- night guha walk up the staircase and find the Zamindar wait for he . lootera shoot draft vl pg 3 they walk together . zamindar apni pakhi ko baar baar iss haalat mein hum dekh nahin sakte guha ... dr . guha dama hai Zamindar babu ... jaanleva tab hoga jab hum bagal mein to ho ... int . pakhi be room -- continuous Dr. guha enter and go straight to pakhi . he open he bag and a syringe and vial emerge . the zamindar , devyani and the may watch as the doctor fill the syringe , take pakhi 's arm and inject it . very gradually , pakhi 's breathe come back to normal . she reach out a hand in the direction of the Zamindar . he come over to she and take it . CUT to : int . pakhi be room -- later pakhi sleep , still wear she durga pooja clothes . it 's silent now . the celebration be over . the Zamindar watch she sleep , fan she at the same time , lose . he then notice she smile . zamindar pakhi ? her smile disappear . zamindar pakhi bete ... she open she eye , smile again . she sit up , still a little breathless . pakhi kahan kho gaye the ? zamindar tum kab se uthi hui ho ? pakhi mujhe uthe to dus minute ho gaye ... lekin aap to aise ek tak dekhe ja rahe the ... haath bhi , aise ... she imitate he hold the fan . lootera shoot draft vl pg 4 pakhi pankha jhal raha tha ... buth ki tarah ... the Zamindar smile . zamindar abhi kaisa lag raha hai ... pakhi ( imitate he ) achcha lag raha hai ... the Zamindar hit she arm with the fan . pakhi make a face . zamindar ( concerned ) laga kya ? she look at he and smile again . zamindar Maine tumhe kabhi bheel raja ki kahani sunayi hai ? pakhi shake she head . zamindar bahut pahle bheelon ka ek raja hota tha ... bahut taakatvar ... koi usse maar nahin sakta tha . sab darrte the usse ... sainkdon baar angrezon not inke jungalon mein dhava bola , usse hazaaron teer maare , talwaar se kaata lekin vah marre hi to ... phir unko pata chala ki iss bheel raja not apni jaan ek tote mein rakh chhodi hai ... ab lakhon tote jungle mein , kaise dhoonde iski jaan kiss tote mein hai ? to unhone ek jasoos bheja . ek sundar sa jasoos ... bheel uske pyaar mein padh gaya aur shaadi kar li...ek din uss jasoos not bhaanp liya ki kiss tote mein bheel raja not apni jaan daal rakhi hai ... phir aav dekha to taav , yoon pakda tote ko aur ... ( twist the neck ) pakhi phir ? zamindar phir vah marr gaya ... pakhi look at he . 10 11 lootera shoot draft vl pg 5 zamindar beta mera tota aap ho ... aur aap ko agar kuch ho gaya to , to main marr jaoonga ... they look at each other . she lean forward and embrace he . Music ... int . haveli -- night 10 the courtyard , now empty . the Zamindar and pakhi stand on a balcony . he point out . they Pov : the light bulb be light . zamindar manikpur mein bhi bijli a gayee ... pakhi aur rukegi kab tak ? he look at she . zamindar matlab ? she smile . Music build ... ext . field -- morning 11 the sun rise over green field , date palm and red earth . title sequence begins , with title card on black intercut with visual : - pakhi and the Zamindar take a walk through the field . - the woman stand on a balcony of the haveli , watch the durga statue be take away with much fanfare . all the older women have tear roll down they face . pakhi and devyani try not to laugh . - rain fall . pakhi , in she room , sit by a window and write in she notebook . - pakhi and devyani stand on the terrace of the haveli in the rain , watch grey cloud roll in , stand close together to battle the strong breeze . - the sun shine again . 12 lootera shoot draft vl pg 6 pakhi and she father take a walk through the field . they stand by the car and watch the set sun under a crimson sky . MAIN title end . ext . STREET -- day 12 a motorcycle chug it way down a rural road . driving it be a young man . varun shrivastav . come down the other end and take up most of the road be the Zamindar 's car . Inside the car : pakhi drive . the driver sit next to she , very nervous . devyani sit in the back , on the edge of she seat . driver sadak ka baanya taraf pakad kar chaliye ... dheema chaliye ... bhida gaya to samasya ho jaayegi ... pakhi look at he , glee on she face . pakhi bhida gaya to aapne bhidaaya , nahin bhida to hum chala rahe the ... driver arre dekh ke ... naukri se barkhast karvaayengi humko ... varun slow down he motorcycle , look at a lane go off . he speed up again , reach into he shirt and take out a small note . he read it as he drive . as pakhi round a curve , she swing the car from side to side . devyani get throw around the back seat . the driver hang on for dear life . pakhi laugh . she do not notice varun 's motorcycle approach . and varun do not see the car approach , sway from side to side , till it 's pretty close . the driver notice varun . driver ( point ) pakhi Di ... pakhi see varun and she scream . in panic , she let go of the steering wheel . 13 14 15 lootera shoot draft vl pg 7 the car veer towards varun , who have no option but to take evasive action ... and fly into a ditch . pakhi hit the brake . the car screech to a stop . they all look back . varun be nowhere to be see . pakhi kahan gaya ? driver yamraaj ke dvaare gaya aur kahan jaayega ... devyani look at pakhi . devyani gaadi ke neeche ? pakhi open the door . driver ( 0.s. ) paapad ban gaya hoga usska aur kya ... ext . STREET -- day 13 pakhi , devyani and the driver stand by the ditch . pakhi 's Pov : varun , unconscious , bleed from he forehead . very still . as they watch , he move , very slightly . pakhi and devyani breathe massive sigh of relief . pakhi look at he , for a few second longer than necessary as he open he eye . int . zamindar's car -- day 14 the car drive by . the driver drive . varun sit in the front seat , hold a handkerchief over the bleed wound above he eye . driver galti hamaari thi bhaiya ... hum hi bhidaaye . didi to bas handle thaame thi ... pakhi sit at the back , watch the back of varun 's head . int . dr . guha's clinic -- day 15 Dr. guha examine the wound above varun 's eye . in the outer room , pakhi and devyani watch through the crack in the door . 16 lootera shoot draft vl pg 8 pakhi observe varun for a while . she then come to he jacket lie on a table , start to look through it . devyani tum kya kar rahi ho ? pakhi shhhbh .... pakhi remove a envelope from inside the jacket pocket . it bear the stamp of the archaeological Survey of India and be address to Zamindar Roy chowdhury . pakhi smile . devyani Doctor chacha a rahe hain ... pakhi hurriedly put the letter back . Dr guha step out . dr . guha bete aap log ghar jaao ... usse kuch nahin hua hai , theek ho jaayega ... pakhi nod . Dr guha return to the chamber and shut the door . pakhi 's eye meet varun 's as the door close . inside : Dr. guha turn to varun . and smile , hold up a bottle . dr . guha tincher iodine ... charcharaayega ... he reach for varun 's wound . varun close he eye . ext . dr . guha's clinic -- day 16 pakhi and devyani reach the car when they hear varun shout in pain . they look back . pakhi smile to herself . the driver shake he head . driver bechaara ... pakhi look at he . indicate that he should vacate the driver 's seat . pakhi sarakiye ... driver kaahe ? 17 18 19 lootera shoot draft vl pakhi ek to bechaare motorcycle vaale ko naale mein dhakelte ho , gaadi chalaana nahin aata , aur poochte ho kaahe ? driver hum dhakele ? pakhi nahin to kya hum ? his face fall . he move to the passenger seat . driver aayiye ... ext . STREET -- evening a strong breeze hit pakhi 's face as she drive back . the car race by field now light by the late afternoon sun . int . haveli -- night pakhi switch the lightbulb on and off , fascinate by the mechanism . int . haveli -- day pg 9 17 18 19 the Zamindar look at the lightbulb be unscrewe by a electrician . majumdar stand next to he . majumdar aap baar baar mazaak samajh kar taal dete hain . Zamindari unmoolan ka kanoon aaj , kal , kabhi bhi lagoo ho gaya to daanye haath ko baanya bhi nahin milaga malne ke liye ... zamindar ( to the electrician ) kya kharaabi a gayee thi uss mein ? electrician iska paleeta udd gaya tha ... kissi not bahut bandbujh kiya hai iske saath ... zamindar paleeta ? electrician tantuk ... andar hota hai jisse roshni hoti hai ... lootera shoot draft vl pg 10 zamindar bijli se nahin hoti roshni ? electrician bijli se paleeta jalta hai jisse roshni hoti hai ... zamindar hahn , pata hai ... vah jo bhi hota hai , poori haveli mein lagvaana hai ... jo bhi kharcha aayega majumdar sahab ko di deejiyega ... he smile at majumdar . he walk . zamindar ( to the electrician ) aur vah kya bola tha ? paleeta ka doosra naam ? electrician tantuk ... zamindar tantuk ... achcha hai ... majumdar follow he . majumdar aap zara bhi gambhir nahin hai ... aapko samajh mein nahin a raha ha ki kuch nahin bachega aapke paa adhiniyam lagoo ho gaya to ... zamindar ye kanoon kabhi nahin lagoo hoga . majumdar hoga . sarkar mein to to maharaajein baithe hain to zamindar , jo aapki vakaalat karenge . vah jog baithe hain jinki aankh mein tabhi se kirkiri hai jab vah aapke neeche paida hue ... yah log prajatantra ke naye zamindar hain . pandrah acre zameen se ek dhela zyaada nahin rakhne denge aapko ... zamindar koi baat nahin ... pandrah acre hi sahi ... majumdar aur kamaai kahan se aayegi ? zamindar pandrah acre ka to lagaan aayega . lootera shoot draft vl pg 11 majumdar Zamindar khatam lagaan hazam babuji ... khud hi khet jotna padega , aur agar jutvaaoge to tankhwa deni padegi ... they walk on , still argue . pakhi and devyani sit in a room above , listen to the conversation . pakhi hamaare baba hamesha aapas mein bahas kyon karte hain ? devyani pata nahin ... mere baba ko lagta hai Zamindar babu samajhte nahin hain , aur Zamindar babu ko lagta hai mere baba aise hi bakte rahte hain ... pakhi kya bakte hain ? before devyani can answer , both of they hear the sound of a approach motorcycle . they look at each other , and get up quickly . they come to the balcony . devyani nudge pakhi . devyani udhar ... pakhi look . her Pov : varun stand at the entrance to the haveli , look for some assistance . a bandage be plaster over he eye . he pull the rope for the old bell . a servant walk up to he . pakhi watch varun as he talk to the servant . servant kahiye ... varun mera naam varun shrivastav hai ... servant kaun jagah se padhaar rahe hain ? varun archaeological Survey of India , Delhi ... 20 21 lootera shoot draft vl pg 12 the servant look at varun , tongue tie , find it too hard to assimilate . varun give he a letter . servant yahin rukiye ... pakhi watch the servant walk up to the Zamindar and majumdar . servant dilli ke aajal savediya se aaye hain ... majumdar kahan se ? servant angrezi jagah hai ... he hand the Zamindar the letter . as pakhi watch , the servant come back to varun and lead he to the Zamindar . they shake hand . CUT to : int . haveli library -- day 20 the Zamindar look through book on the shelf . pakhi walk with he . zamindar archaeologist hai ... hamaari mandir ki zameen ke chaaron taraf khudai karna chahte hain ... kahta hai koi puraani civilisation dabi padi hai hamaari zameen ke neeche . pakhi look at she father , wait for more information . he find the book he be look for and pull it out of the shelf . walk away from she . zamindar raat ko khaane pe a raha hai , khud hi pooch lena ... pakhi smile . Music ... CUT to : int . pakhi be room -- night 21 pakhi sit in front of the mirror . she 's dress in a beautiful sari . her hair be do up and so be she eye . she look at the clock in the mirror . almost 8 of clock . CUT to : 22 lootera shoot draft vl pg 13 int . haveli -- night 22 a clock strike 8 . varun sit on a large chair at the foot of the stair . he hear a voice behind he . pakhi varun shrivastav ... varun ( turn to look ) ji ... pakhi peeche mat dekhna ... he look back in front . pakhi jis gaadi se aaj aapki takkar hui usse chalaane vaale ka naam babu Singh tha ... varun ji ... aur aapka naam kya hai ? pakhi Zyaada hoshiyar banne ki koshish mat karo kyonki tum ho nahin ... varun ji aap un dono mein se kaun vaali hain ? there 's no response . he turn to look . there 's nobody there . zamindar Mr. shrivastav ... varun look . the Zamindar be walk down the stair . varun stand . the Zamindar walk up to he , shake he hand . he point to pakhi , who seem to have magically appear behind . zamindar ye hamari beti hai ... pakhi ... varun ji ... zamindar aur pakhi bete , ye hai vah gentleman jinke baare mein ... pakhi namaste ... 23 lootera shoot draft vl pg 14 CUT to : int . haveli dine room -- night 23 the Zamindar and varun sit at the dining table . pakhi supervise the servant in set dinner . zamindar likhna chahti hai hamari beti. vaise , likhti burra nahin hai ... hamari library ki har kitaab par apna naam likh rakha hai ... she look at he , mortify . pakhi Baba ... he smile at she fondly . pakhi hum achcha likhte hain ... varun ( polite ) I be sure ... kaafi kam bolti hain aap pakhi ji ... pakhi ji ... zamindar ( to varun ) archaeologist ... mujhe hamesha lagta tha ki koi umradaraaj ... puraane jang lage log hote honge ... jo makdee ke jhalon mein apni jeevika dhondte hain ... varun shayad isiliye hamaare department ko puraatan vibhaag kaha jaata hai ... the Zamindar laugh . varun smile . CUT to : food be be take away . pakhi stand and serve the Zamindar hot coffee . zamindar ( to varun ) rah kahan rahe ho tum ? varun circuit house mein ... mandir ke paa hai ... 24 lootera shoot draft vl pg 15 zamindar yah apna maatha kahan phod liya ? varun meri motorcycle ki ek gaadi se mutbhed huyi thi ... zamindar manikpur mein ? varun ji ... zamindar kaun chala raha tha ? varun Main hi chala raha tha ... zamindar dono ek saath chalaaoge to phir mutbhed to hogi hi ... varun smile . pakhi control she laughter . she move to serve varun . varun Main motorcycle chala raha tha ... zamindar of course ... varun aur gaadi pata nahin , koi nauseekhiya chala raha tha ... itni chaudi sadak par ek itni si motorcycle ... phir bhi ussi mein bhidaane ja raha tha ... inn andhe nauseekhiya ko gaadi kyon koi chalaane deta hai meri samajh mein nahin aata ... pakhi suddenly pour hot coffee on varun 's hand . he shout out in pain . pakhi sorry sorry ... ( to the servant ) jaldi thanda paani layiye ... CUT to : int . haveli library -- night 24 the Zamindar pour himself a drink , and another for varun , who sit in a armchair , he hand bandage with tumeric . pakhi look among the book in the shelf . lootera shoot draft vl pg 16 zamindar shukra hai tum iski coffee ke neeche aaye , kyonki vah gaadi jisse tum bhide the agar ye chala rahi hoti to phir shayad haath bacha hi nahin hota jalne ke liye ... the Zamindar hand varun he glass . zamindar ( place a record ) ek baar baitha tha main be nauseekhiya ke bagal mein ... hum log bazaar ki taraf gaye ... jaisa hamesha hota hai , hamaari gaadi dekhte hi log jhuk ke pranaam karne lag gaye . unko dekh kar hamaari pakhi bhi jhuk jhuk ke jawaab dene lagi ... aur gaadi seedha aata chakki mein . kaali gaadi safe vaapas a gayee ... varun laugh . pakhi agli baar baithna seedha khaai mein le jaakar utaaroongi ... saari Zamindari bhool jaaoge ... the Zamindar go towards he grammaphone , choose a record . varun sarkar not aapko pata hai to , Zamindar unmoolan aayog baithaaya hai ... kabhi bhi kanoon lagoo ho sakta hai ... the Zamindar do not answer . pakhi matlab ? varun kanoon ban gaya to Zamindaron ka sab kuch rashtriya khazaanon mein chala jaayega ... ( to the Zamindar ) be se pahle ki sab jabt ho jaaye , agar aap apni viraasat bechna chahe to main aise kuch khareedaar jaanta hoon . jinse aksar hamaare department ka kaam chalta hai ... achchi keemat bhi dete hain aur moonh bhi band rakhte hain ... Music start play . varun trail off , realise that he 's be ignore . the music grow ... 25 lootera shoot draft vl pg 17 CUT to : later : varun walk between shelf of book , row upon row , look at the immense collection . he come back to the sit area and see pakhi read to the Zamindar from a book . he listen to the sound of she voice and the music . pakhi Kai dinon tak chulha roya , chhaki rahi udaa ... kai dinon tak kaani kuttiya soi unke paa ... kai dinon tak lagi bheet par chhipkaliyon ki gasht ... kai dinon tak choohon ki bhi haalat rahi shikast ... varun then start mouth the word along with pakhi . the Zamindar look at he . pakhi & varun daane aaye ghar ke andar kayi dinon ke baad ... dhuan utha aangan se oopar kayi dinon ke baad ... chamak uthi ghar bhar ki aankhen kai dinon ke baad ... kauve not khujlaay i pankhen kayi dinon ke baad ... silence ... varun Baba nagarjun ... asli naam vaidhnath mishra ... mere nanihaal darbhanga ke rahne vaale the ... pakhi look at he . the Zamindar clear he throat . zamindar tumne kya bataya tha , kahaan rah rahe ho tum ? CUT to : int . haveli outhouse -- day 25 a servant walk carry varun 's bag into the outhouse courtyard . varun follow he , and behind varun walk another young man , debdas , who carry he own heavy bag . they stop in the courtyard and look around - a simple , small courtyard with lot of room . the balcony of the main house surround they from all side . the servant unlock one of the room and take they bag inside . 25 a lootera shoot draft vl pg 18 debdas aapne kaafi asar jamaya hai varun babu ... uss badboodaar circuit house ki jagah ye shaandaar haveli ... varun smile . from inside she room , pakhi have a perfect view of the outhouse courtyard . she watch varun and Deb check out they room . she smile to herself . CUT to : ext . temple site -- day 25 a Old temple ruin , some break , some intact , in the middle of a dusty field . the Zamindar walk with varun , Deb , majumdar and pakhi follow close behind . pakhi watch varun more than often . zamindar ye jagah paanch sau saalon se vaisi ki vaisi hi hai . na to humne kissi ko yahaan kuch banaane diya hai to bigaadne . jo saaf safaai hoti rahi hai vah majumdar sahab ke saamne hoti hai , aur inke pahle inke pitaji ki dekhrekh mein hoti thi ... they come to the centre temple . recently make iron gate and padlock cover the entrance to the interior . Inside be a beautiful idol of kali . zamindar aur ye kali ki murti roychowdhury khaandaan ki dharohar hai ... kam se kam teen sau saal puraani hai ... varun pull out a camera from the case sling over he shoulder . varun Main dekh sakta hoon ? zamindar of course ... varun get closer to the temple , frame and click . he then lower the camera and look at the idol , carefully . CUT to : 25 B 25c and 26 27 28 lootera shoot draft vl pg 19 ext . haveli -- night 25 B in the courtyard of the haveli , a movie projector be set up and beam it 's image onto a makeshift screen . varun , Deb and the Zamindar 's close one watch the film sit on chair , while a host of villager watch the film while sit on the floor . varun lean closer to Deb . varun kuch samajh mein a raha hai debdas mukherjee ? debdas sab kuch samajh mein a raha hai ... mere ma babuji aise hi baat karte hain ... varun smile , and look away . his eye meet pakhi 's . they smile at each other and then look back at the screen . debdas ( not take he eye off the screen ) bangali seekh lo , abhi nahin to kabhi to kabhi seekhna padega ... omitted 25c and 26 int . pakhi be room -- morning 27 early morning light stream into pakhi 's room . she sit by the window , peeping out into the outhouse courtyard . her Pov : varun shave and Deb tune he radio . after many strange noise it finally tune itself to the right frequency - geeta dutt sing " tadbeer se bigdi Hui " . Deb beam , start sway to the music . pakhi smile , then walk over to she own radio and tune it to the same song . she return to the window and look out . int . haveli outhouse -- continuous 28 varun look at Deb do he jig , razor in hand . debdas baazi dekhi hai tumne ? varun shake he head . 29 30 31 lootera shoot draft vl pg 20 debdas dekhi chahiye tumhe ... isse kahte hai picture . dev anand number ek ka juaari hai iss mein . aur kya hota hai , ek samay aisa aata hai ... ki usse chunna hai . bahut saara paisa aur uski bahan ki zindagi ... ya sab kuchh chhod de sirf pyar ke liye ... dekhna chahiye kya karta hai vah ... aur kya ladta hai ... aisa khada hokar ... Deb stand , leg apart , torso crouch down . debdas saamne se jitne chaahe lampat a jaaye , majaal hai ki uske baalon ka style bigad jaaye ... varun wash he face . debdas aur iss picture ka nirdeshak naya aadmi hai , koi guru dutt ... naam suna hai ? varun nahin . debdas sunoge ... ek din ... har koi sunega ... the song continue ... ext . bengal road -- morning 29 the Zamindar 's car drive past green field , kick up red earth . a few people bow down to the car as it pass by . varun and Deb follow on the motorcycle . CUT to : omitted 30 ext . temple site -- day 31 the Zamindar break the ceremonial coconut at the digging site . pakhi , varun , majumdar , devyani and Deb applaud , as do the villager assemble . milk be pour on the idol of kali as the priest perform a pooja . later : 32 lootera shoot draft vl pg 21 varun talk to deb. majumdar stand with they . varun ( point ) yah dono mandir ke beech ki jo jagah hai , hum yahaan khudaai karenge ... ( point elsewhere ) idhar hamaara camp lagega ... Deb nod . varun turn to majumdar . varun aur kuch mazdooron ki zaroorat padegi hamein ... milenge ? ext . temple site -- day Fifteen labourer sit in the sun . Deb stand in front of they . debdas aap logon ko yahaan khudaai karni hai , kya karna hai ... labourer 1 khudaai ... debdas to ... ( imitate dev anand ) phir savaal ye hai ki ... aapko khodna aata hai ? the labourer look at each other . labourer 2 sahib , yah kudaal kaahe ke liye laaye hain ... khodne ke liye hi to laaye ... debdas very good ... labourer 1 hum khod kyon rahe hain ? debdas hum khod rahe hain kyonki zameen hai , usse ... khodte hain ... labourer 2 matlab andar kuchau dabal hai ki bas gadhha banana hai ? debdas andar hi to hai jo hai ... baahar to sirf ... he look around , see majumdar look at he silently . 32 33 34 35 35 a 36 37 lootera shoot draft vl pg 22 debdas vah ... bhai mujhe nahin pata ... bid saahab ko pata hai ... he walk on , past majumdar . debdas ye theek hai ... int . haveli dine room -- night 33 Music continue ... the Zamindar , varun and pakhi sit at the dinner table . animate conversation between varun and the Zamindar . pakhi watch they . ext . temple site -- day 34 varun explain to the labourer what they be suppose to do , how to dig down in a straight line , how to collect the earth and where to keep it . Deb supervise the erection of the tent . tables , chair and other paraphernalia go under they . Music continue . int . haveli library -- night 35 pakhi and varun animatedly read to the Zamindar from a book . ext . haveli outhouse -- night 35 a varun construct a wooden frame and stretch a painting canvas across it . he set up the canvas on a easel . Deb watch he . from she room , so do pakhi . ext . haveli outhouse -- morning 36 varun shave while Deb do another jig to the song . from the house , pakhi watch , smile . varun and Deb laugh . ext . temple site -- day 37 varun finish write a letter and put it into a large envelope along with a photograph of the idol . he address the letter to " Mr. R bajpai " he give it to deb. 38 38a 38b 38c 39 40 lootera shoot draft vl pg 23 int . zamindar's room -- day 38 the zamindar read a newspaper , very seriously . we see the headline - " the end of Zamindari . estate and acquisition Act pass . " he put the newspaper down and look at majumdar across the table . Radio song end . overlap a radio broadcast about the Zamindar abolition Act . ext . field -- day 38a in the field , villager celebrate . CUT to : ext . haveli terrace -- day 38b the Zamindar and majumbar stand on the terrace of the haveli , look at the celebration . zamindar sab bahut khush hai ... majumdar sab nahin ... ext . bengal road -- day 38c a motorcade of three car make it 's way through the street of Bengal . ext . farmhouse -- day 39 the motorcade enter the Zamindar 's peaceful and green farmhouse . int . zamindar's car -- day 40 the Zamindar look out of the car at the pass orchard . pakhi sit next to he . pakhi yah bageecha bhi le jaayenge ? zamindar hahn ... pakhi lekin le jaake karenge kya ? zamindar baant denge gaon vaalon mein ... sab muft ke aam khaayenge ... 4l lootera shoot draft vl pg 24 ext . farmhouse -- day 41 the Zamindar sit at the edge of the pond , hold a fishing rod . servant around he wait , some bored , some fidgety . varun and Deb sit under a tree , watch the Zamindar . debdas ustad allahrakha tabla baja rahe hain pet mein ... maare gud gud ke haalat kharab hai ... varun pahli rohu jab tak kaanta nahin kaategi , tabla bajta rahega ... parampara janaab ... debdas ( imitate the Zamindar ) of course ... tab tak to vilayat Khan bhi bajaana shuru kar denge ... CUT to : under another tree , pakhi and devyani : pakhi Zamindari hamari khatam hui hai , machliyan kyon maatam mana rahi hai ... itna hi dukh hai unko to Baba ke kaante par jaan kyon nahin de deti ... she look from she father to varun . devyani notice . devyani varun babu ? pakhi look at devyani , who smile . CUT to : varun look down from the mango he 's be watch and he eye catch pakhi' . Deb notice . debdas galat jagah ja rahe ho varun babu ... CUT to : pakhi tum paagal ho gayee ho ... main to aise hi dekh rahi thi udhar ... devyani aise kaise dekh rahi thi mujhe bhi dikh raha hai ... 42 43 44 lootera shoot draft vl pg 25 pakhi kaise dekh rahi thi ? devyani vaise , jaise dekha jaata hai , tab jab ho jaata hai ... CUT to : varun kya ho jaata hai ? tumhaare bhookh ke kaaran dimaag bhi chhutti par chala gaya hai ... debdas naaraaz kyon ho rahe ho ? tum jo paka rahe ho , main to bas un khayali pulao mein dam bhar raha hoon ... CUT to : pakhi kuch nahin paka rahi hoon main ... CUT to : varun look at Deb be silence . just then , a cheer go up . everyone look - the Zamindar have catch he fish . ext . farmhouse -- evening 42 a fire burn . Fish roast in it . everyone sit around the fire . varun and pakhi find themselves on opposite side of the fire . pakhi with devyani , varun with Deb . very conscious of each other . ext . farmhouse -- evening 43 in the last light of the day , the Zamindar stand by the river , watch it flow by . pakhi come up to he , touch he arm . he put he arm around she . ext . farmhouse -- evening 44 the motorcade make it 's way out of the orchard . in the car : the Zamindar look back at the recede lake and farmhouse . when he turn again there be tear in he eye . pakhi , sit next to he , hold he hand . 45 46 47 lootera shoot draft vl pg 26 the Zamindar force a smile and look at varun in the front seat . zamindar mahine ke aakhir mein aap bhi chhod ke chale jaaoge varun babu ? varun ( without turn around ) ji ... zamindar ( look at pakhi ) Main aur mere tote ke alaava koi saath nahin rahne vaala ... pakhi look at the back of varun 's head . she then watch the darkness outside . int . pakhi be room -- night 45 pakhi stand at the window , look into the outhouse . her Pov : varun be contemplate the canvas set up on a easel . ext . haveli outhouse -- continuous 46 Deb sit on the doorstep , watch varun watch the canvas , which we can see now be blank . debdas bhaiya ye chitrakaari aapke bas ki baat nahin hai ... to to aap raja ho , to ravi varma ho ... yah ring holi ke liye bacha kar rakho ... canvas par kyon barbaad karte ho ... varun beta debdas ... ek din jab masterpiece banaoonga to , tab dekhna ... debdas masterpiece to baad mein banega pehle uspe koi ring to daalne ki himakat karo ... canvas hai , khaa nahi jayega ... debdas get up . CUT to : pakhi continue to look at varun and the canvas . then she suddenly smile . int . zamindar's room -- day 47 pakhi hand the Zamindar a cup of tea . 48 lootera shoot draft vl pg 27 pakhi mujhe painting seekhni hai ... the Zamindar , sit on he armchair and read a paper , look at she . zamindar abhi achaanak ye painting ka bhoot kahaan se savar ho gaya ? pakhi achaanak nahin savar hua hai . bachpan se savar hai ... aap hi to dikhaate rahte ho ... kitni baar kaha hai maine , mujhe bhi karni hai painting ... zamindar tumne kabhi nahin kaha ... pakhi kaha tha ... aap kabhi sunte hi kahaan ho jab main kuch kahti hoon ... zamindar bol do majumdar ko ... dhoond laayega kissi ko ... devyani ko bhi pooch lo ... pakhi usse khaana banaane ki alaava kuch nahin jaanna seekhna hai ... ( pause ) aur baahar kissi ko dhoondne ki kya zaroorat hai ... apne varun babu kaafi achche chitrakaar hai ... int . zamindar be room -- later 48 varun choke on he cup of tea . he look at the Zamindar . Deb , stand behind he , try to look serious . zamindar hamein pata hai aap kaafi vyast ho apni khojbeen mein ... phir bhi , agar ek do ghante nikaal lete to ... varun look at pakhi , who look at he innocently . zamindar ye bhi seekh legi aapse ... khush ho jaayegi . aur humko bhi pta chal jaayegi iski chitrakaari ... aur isse bhi ... varun nod . he 's about to get up . 49 lootera shoot draft vl pg 28 zamindar apni chai to khatam karte jaao ... he sit down again and drink he cup , deliberately avoid look at Deb , who 's stare into the back of he head . ext . haveli outhouse -- day 49 varun and Deb walk towards the outhouse . debdas tumne kabhi deewal bhi rangi hai ? uss canvas ko bas ghoorte hue hi dekha hai tumhe ... you be too bloody scared to put any paint on it ... khudai se putaai tak ek hafte mein ... aapki raftaar kabile tareef hai varun babu ... they reach the outhouse . varun walk into the room . Deb stand at the door . debdas master moshai badi kahte hai isse ... teacher 's quarter ... varun ( from inside ) toh ? debdas Bas bata raha hoon ... vaise pakhi ko padhaane tumse pahle koi master moshai kabhi nahin aaye ... vah gayee thi unke paa shantiniketan mein padhne ... English literature ... varun come out of the room and start walk out of the outhouse . Deb follow he . varun tumko bahut pata hai ... sherlok holme ki aulaad ho tum ... baahar chowk ke baniye se poochtach karke aaye ho ... they reach the motorcycle . varun get on . Deb hold he by the arm . debdas ( softly ) ye tumko bhi pata hai aur humko bhi ... ki ye poori kasrat kyon ho rahi hai ... bholapan apna usko dikhaana jo tumhaare pyar mein podhti ja rahi hai ... mujhe nahin ... aur jab bajpai uncle aayenge to unko samjhaana ki kyon painting sikha rahe the ... 50 51 lootera shoot draft vl pg 29 he leave varun 's arm . varun drive off . Deb watch he go . ext . temple site -- day 50 varun sit in he tent , read a book on painting . a worker enter the tent and place a parcel on the table . worker jo jo aap mangaaye rahe varun babu sab to nahin mila ... baaki sab paint , brush , keen laaye hain ... varun nod . the worker leave . varun get back to he book . int . library -- day 51 varun set up a easel inside the library while majumdar sit in a corner , go over some papers , look at varun now and then . pakhi peep in from outside the library . she turn to devyani . pakhi kaisi lag rahi hoon ? devyani bahut sundar ... ab jaao ... she push pakhi . pakhi dhakka kyon de rahi ho ? pakhi compose herself and take a step forward . then turn around again . devyani ab kya ? pakhi agar kuch nahin hua to ? devyani matlab ? pakhi agar unka pahle se hi koi ho to ? devyani unse baat nahin karogi to pata kaise chalega hai ya nahin ... she push pakhi . lootera shoot draft vl pg 30 devyani ab jaao ... pakhi stumble and compose herself just as she enter the library . varun see she walk towards he and keep watch she , completely unaware of he gape mouth . she sit next to he . still a little awkward . varun pahle kabhi koshish ki hai ? mera matlab ... jab shantiniketan mein padhti thi , kuch to seekha hoga ... pakhi aapko pata hai main shantiniketan mein padhi hoon ... varun nahin ... matlab ... Zamindar babu ki beti ho to ... pakhi thoda bahut seekha hai ... varun mujhse kya seekhna chahti ho ? pakhi aap bataao ... varun landscape se kyon to shuru kare ... nature ko canvas par utaarna aasaan hai , haath bhi sadh jaayega , phir dheere dheere ... pakhi ( interrupt ) nahin ... humko seb aur aam banaane ke baad sabse pahle landscape hi sikhaya tha ... bahut aasaan hai ... hum portrait kyon nahin seekh sakte ... varun look at she , unsure . pakhi aapko bharosa nahin hai maine landscape pahle kiya hai ... dikhaoon ? varun nod . pakhi begin to draw on the easel , with ease . lootera shoot draft vl pg 31 pakhi yah mandir ke bagal mein jo khaadi shuru hoti hai ... dekhi hai to aapne ? varun ye to bilkul ... ( look at she ) tumko to pata hai ... pakhi mujhe bas pattiyan banana nahin aata ... hamesha galat banaati hoon . varun pattiyan ( laugh ) bahut aasaan hai banaani ... pakhi dikhayiye ... she hand he the brush . varun ye dekho ... he mix the paint . varun thoda hara lo ... aur thoda kaala , aur ... he paint very amateurish leave , almost block like . pakhi ye kya hai ? varun pattiyan ... pakhi ye ? varun modern Art mein aise hi pattiyan banti hai ... she look at he , and suddenly giggle . pakhi aapko painting nahin aati to ... varun look at she and then at majumdar , who have not notice . varun shhh ... chup ... she continue to giggle while varun look mortify . 52 53 54 lootera shoot draft vl pg 32 int . pakhi be room -- night 52 pakhi sit with devyani in she room . devyani tum unko sikha rahi ho ? pakhi ab class chalte rahne ke liye kissi ko to sikhaana hoga aur kissi ko seekhna ... hai ki nahin ? ext . haveli outhouse -- continuous 53 varun and Deb eat in the outhouse . debdas babut badhiya ... banne chale rangrez , pakde gaye angrez ... CUT to : devyani kya bola tha maine ... unke andar bhi vahi kulbula raha hai jo tumhaare andar se ubal ubal kar baahar a raha hai ... CUT to : varun mai to hamesha se painting seekhna chahta tha ... ab mauka mila hai to seekh raha hoon ... Deb stare at he . CUT to : pakhi smile . Music ... lead into song # 1 int . haveli library -- day 54 montage begin : pakhi teach varun how to paint - first with sketching , then mixing paint , then painting it on . they finger touch , they hand accidentally meet , they exchange awkward smile , they talk . they relationship grow . and through the teach , a painting take shape on the canvas - of a tree , full of leave . towards the end of the song , we see varun set up he camera on a tripod . he and pakhi sit next to each other , very formal . 54a 55 56 57 lootera shoot draft vl pg 33 the camera click . omitted 54a int . haveli library -- day 55 the song end as we see the painting up on the library wall . the Zamindar look at it , smile . pakhi stand with he . zamindar achcha banaate hain ... pakhi look at he . pakhi Maine banaya hai ... the Zamindar smile at she . zamindar matlab achcha sikhaate hain ... she look at the painting . CUT to : the Zamindar sit read a book . he look up towards the door . majumdar stand there , look very serious . int . haveli -- day 56 the Zamindar and majumdar watch a very sweaty official look man walk up to they . two man follow he . the man take off he cap and give the Zamindar a letter . man biswajeet Roy ... treasury Department . the Zamindar go through the letter and look up at Roy , who smile . zamindar ye kaun sa department hai ? roy aadesh par sarkaari muhar lagi hai , dekh leejiye ... int . haveli storage chamber -- day 57 a door open and we enter a storage chamber . all around , valuable piece and artifact - painting , sword , helmet ... lootera shoot draft vl pg 34 Roy walk through the storage chamber with the Zamindar and majumdar , look at piece of value carefully . his man follow . he pick up a gold glass . roy yah ... aapko ... zamindar East India company not diya tha hamare dadaji ko ... roy do sau saal puraana hai kam se kam ... zamindar usse zyaada ... Roy nod and give it to the man with he . zamindar ye kya kar rahe hain aap ? roy yah hamaare itihaas ki dharohar hai jo sarkaari khaazaane mein jaayegi aur vahaan se shaayad sangrahalaya mein ... zamindar ( get angry ) yah hamaare roychowdhury khandaan ki dharohar hai . ye aap nahin le ja sakte ... majumdar touch he on the arm to calm he down . roy roychowdhury babu ... majumdar ( snap at Roy ) Zamindar babu . Roy give majumdar a cold look , then look at the Zamindar . roy East India company not aapko jo bhi diya tha vah unka nahin tha ... unhone churaya tha ... agar aap nahin denge to hamein aapko giraftar karke lena padega ... they all look at each other . CUT to : 58 59 60 lootera shoot draft vl pg 35 ext . haveli -- day 58 the Zamindar watch , heartbroken , as artifact , statue , precious coin and other valuable be put into the back of a truck . he sign a paper that Roy put in front of he . majumdar ( 0.s . ) kitni baar kaha aapko , lekin hamesha taal dete the ... Roy put on he hat and get into the truck . int . haveli library -- day 59 the Zamindar pour himself a drink . majumdar stand behind . majumdar abhi bhi wagt hai ... vah dobaara aayenge , baar baar aayenge ... jo nahin le gaye hain usse bacha lo ... the Zamindar sip he drink . ext . valley -- evening 60 pakhi and varun sit at the crest of a valley , a river flow below . the sun be on the verge of set . the easel be set up in front of they but they have not bother to paint anything on . they watch the sunset in silence . finally , pakhi speak ... pakhi Main hamesha itni jaldi mein hoti hoon ki baba mujhe pakhi express bulaate hain ... varun kya karna chahti ho tum ? pakhi Main likhna chahti hoon ... mujhe dher saari kitaabein likhni hai ... kabhi kabhi sochti hoon yahaan se bhaag jaoon apne dalhousie vaale ghar mein , aur vahaan baith kar likhti rahoon , likhti rahoon ... baahar barf girti rahegi aur andar main ... varun likhti rahogi likhti rahogi ... he smile . she look lootera shoot draft vl pg 36 pakhi hahn ... pakhi bahut sundar jagah hai dalhousie ... aur jab barf padhti hai to , thand mein ... ( fake a shiver ) bahut mazaa aata hai ... varun vahaan pe ek raja ka mahal bhi hai to ? pakhi hahn . jandrighat Mahal . unke raja ke paa kitna kuch hai . Baba se dus guna zyaada ... varun aur unke paa ek bahut keemti ganesh ki puraani murti hai . pakhi sach mein ? varun hahn ... khaalis sone ki . paanch sau saal purani ... at he . pakhi tum ye sab jo khudaai dhoondai karte ho tumhe achcha lagta hai ? varun mujhe yahi hai jo aata hai . ( beat ) jo karta hoon uske alaava kabhi aur kuch kiya nahin ... pakhi agar kabhi mauka mille kuch karne ka to kya karna chahoge ? varun do not reply . pakhi bataao to ... varun ek baar marne se pahle chandratal dekhna chahta hoon ... pakhi vah kahan hai ? 61 lootera shoot draft vl pg 37 varun manali se bahut aage . himalay ke beechon beech . neela hara paani . aur zara si bi awaaz nahin ... she look at he , never have see this side of he before . pakhi ( whisper ) bilkul bhi nahin ? varun ( look at she , whisper back ) nahin ... pakhi ( whisper ) aur? varun ( whisper ) ek aisa masterpiece paint karna chahta hoon jisse log yaad rakhein ... pakhi sach mein ? varun kissi ko bataana nahin ... pakhi aur bataya toh ? they look at each other . they be very close . pakhi close she eye . varun look at she , but do not do anything . when she open she eye , she see he pack up the easel . she watch he walk towards the car . int . car -- evening 61 varun drive . pakhi look at he . pakhi aap ko ye khandar , puraani murti , puraane mandir ... in sab ke ilaava kuch samajh mein nahin aata to ? he do not respond . she look at he , then pick up he packet of cigarettes from the dashboard . she light one . smoke . she cough . he look at she , smile at she stupidity . she cough again . 62 63 64 lootera shoot draft vl pg 38 he 's about to say something when there 's a loud bang and a rhythmic flap sound . varun stop the car and get out . the rear tyre be flat . ext . STREET -- night 62 it 's dark now . varun shut the boot of the car and wipe he hand on a rag . he open the door and get in , look at pakhi and react with shock . she 's slump in she seat , in the middle of a very bad asthma attack , struggle to breathe . he help she sit up . varun kya hua ? gasp for breath , she point to a small bag on the seat . varun open it and find a syringe and vial . he look at pakhi . she nod . he quickly load the syringe and take pakhi 's arm . roll up the sleeve of she blouse and inject the liquid . he then hold she hand and gently rub she back , till she breathe slowly come back to normal . pakhi start shiver . varun take off he jacket and wrap it around she . and he hold she this way for a while . they sit in silence , and then look at each other . without warning , pakhi kiss varun . he look at she , she at he . for a long while . Music ... ext . STREET -- night 63 varun and pakhi drive back , both silent , illuminate by the reflection of the car 's light on the road . int . haveli -- night 64 varun carry pakhi in he arm through the corridor of the haveli . the Zamindar and maid come run towards they . varun gently let she down . the Zamindar and maid take she and support she through the corridor . 65 66 67 68 lootera shoot draft vl pg 39 varun watch she go . int . pakhi be room -- night 65 the Zamindar sit on the edge of pakhi 's bed , fan she , look at she for a long time . ext . temple site -- day 66 on varun 's face . the sound of rock be hammer . he absently look into the deep trench that have be dig , see the worker hammer away at the rock . zamindar ( 0.s. ) varun babu ... varun turn around and see the Zamindar stand behind he . ext . temple site -- day 67 the Zamindar and varun walk , away from the noise . zamindar bahut bahut dhanyavaad karna chahta hoon aapka ... varun aap mujhe sharminda kar rahe hain ... zamindar Main kabhi usse akele jaane nahin deta ... kab pata daura a jaaye ... vah bol ke thodi to aata hai ... saavdhan , main a raha hoon ... he smile weakly , then look away , embarrassed . he start walk away . then turn . zamindar kabhi bhi koi bhi zaroorat pade maang leejiyega , jo chaahe ... hum denge ... hamaara vaada hai ... varun nod . the Zamindar walk towards he car . varun watch he go . int . outhouse -- night 68 varun sit on the outhouse step , smoking a cigarette . Deb sit next to he . debdas pakhi achchi ladki hai ... 69 lootera shoot draft vl pg 40 varun hmmm ... debdas aur jaate jaate tumhe uska dil todna padega ... varun look at he . debdas tum todoge , todna to padega hi to ... varun look away . debdas usse itne sapne mat bunaane do ki jab tum jaao vah marr hi jaye ... silence . Deb get up and walk towards the outhouse . varun aur agar main ye kahoon ki mujhe pakhi se vaakai pyar hai to ? debdas pyaar karne ki suvidha aapko nahin hai shrivastav sahab ... aap pyar mein badkismati ke mulaajim hain ... aapko pyar karna ho to anumati leni padegi . aur anumati vah kathor - dil chacha aapko denge nahin ... Deb go inside . varun reach into he pocket and pull out the photograph of he and pakhi . he look at it for a while , then look up towards pakhi 's room . she be stand behind the curtain , look at he . he can not see she but he know she 's there . they look at each other a long time . song # 2 begin . ext . STREET -- morning 69 song # 2 : intercut between pakhi and varun . her happiness at the way the relationship be go . in the haveli . his inner turmoil at the way the relationship be go . at the site and in the outhouse . Deb watch he all the time . 70 71 72 lootera shoot draft vl pg 41 towards the end of the song , pakhi get ready - sari , hair , jewellery . she do she eye , look herself over in the mirror one last time and get up . she take the easel from she room and walk out . ext . temple site -- day 70 varun look at he watch while sit in the tent . he keep sit there . song end . int . library -- day 71 pakhi wait in the library , the easel set up in front of she . she look at she watch , then look at the door . no sign of varun . ext . temple site -- day 72 varun stand inside the tent with Deb and two labourer . a map be spread out on the table . varun draw on it . varun neeche jaakar ek be taraf seedha khodna hai , doosra theek ulti disha mein ... pahle ulti disha mein khodo aur saari saari mitti baahar nikaal kar khaali karo ... they hear a car come and look , see the Zamindar 's car arrive . labourer 1 memsahib ... varun fold the map and place it under another one . he watch pakhi walk towards the tent . Deb and the labourer leave as she enter . pakhi varun babu ... varun look at she . pakhi aaj aap class mein nahin aaye ... varun hahn , hamaara kaam khatam hone vaala hai ... samay bhi kam bacha hai , isliye ... lootera shoot draft vl pg 42 pakhi aap chaho to hum yahaan bhi seekh sakte hain ... varun nahin ... yahaan nahin ... pakhi koi baat nahin ... to kal aap aayenge to ... varun kal ... ( look at Deb ) nahin ... pakhi parson ? he look at she , helpless . he look on . she look pakhi tarson ? pakhi narson ? agle hafte ? varun agle hafte hum vaapas jaa rahe hain ... at he . pakhi koi baat hai jo aap kah nahin rahe hain ? varun be silent . silence . she look pakhi kuch galat hua hai humse ? naraaz hain aap ? varun nahin ... pakhi ji , kaafi kaam hai yahaan ... mere log mera moonh dekh rahe hain ... pakhi Main bhi to vahi kar rahi hoon ... varun behtar hoga aap jayiye ... at he , anger slowly brim up . lootera shoot draft vl pg 43 pakhi ( snap ) behtar hoga aap mar jaayiye ! pakhi storm out of the tent . varun watch she go . Deb enter . debdas kam kar len ? they walk out of the tent together and head towards the trench . pakhi reach the car , then stop and look back . she walk back towards varun , fast and furious . speak to he back . pakhi tum aisa kyon kar rahe ho mere saath ? varun look at pakhi . she 's fume . all around , worker be look at they . varun take pakhi by the arm and lead she away . they reach a quieter place . she shake he hand off . varun kya ho gaya hai aaj tumhe ? pakhi hamein kya ho gaya hai ? aapko kya ho gaya hai ? aisa kyon kar rahe hain aap mere saath ? jaise ki aap humse milna hi nahin chahte ho ... he do not reply . pakhi hamara koi maayna hai aapki zindagi mein ? no reply . pakhi kuch mahsoo hota hai aapko hamaare liye ? no reply . pakhi jo samay humne sing mein bitaaya ? vah ? varun tumhe painting seekhni thi ... 73 74 75 lootera shoot draft vl pg 44 pakhi aur kya sikhaayi aapne ... jab aapko aata hi nahin tha painting karna to kyon hahn kiya aapne ? tabhi mana kar dete ... he do not reply . tear well up in she eye . pakhi aur vah raat ? silence . pakhi kyon ? no reply . pakhi aap mujhse pyaar karte hain varun babu ? no reply . pakhi mera dil rakhne ke liye hahn bol deejiye ... he do not reply . her tear begin to fall . she turn and walk away , back to the car . he watch she go . int . car -- day 73 pakhi drive back , tear stream down . she stop the car at the side of the road and break down completely . ext . temple site -- evening 74 under a flame orange sky , varun sit at the temple site . overlap he voice ... varun ( 0.s. ) majdooron ke jaane ke baad hum ... int . temple site -- evening 75 Inside the tent , the map be laid out on the table again . varun speak to Deb . varun iss disha mein mein khodenge ... jo mitti yahaan se niklegi vah yahaan jaayegi ... teen raaton mein hamein ... 76 77 78 79 80 81 lootera shoot draft vl pg 45 his voice trail off . ext . temple site -- night two labourer dig inside the trench . varun stand at the rim of the trench with a torch , look inside . int . pakhi be room -- night devyani hold pakhi as she cry . pakhi vah humse pyaar nahin karte devi ... devyani vah jhoot bol rahe hain ... the camera move to the window . we see Deb and varun return from the temple site , mud all over they boot . int . outhouse -- night varun wash the mud off he shoe in the bathroom , pre occupy . Deb watch he from the door . debdas itna mat socho ... jo kiya sahi kiya ... varun look at he sharply . varun mere sar par mandraate mat raho meri antaraatma ban ke ! so jaao . ext . outhouse -- night varun stand outside the door to the outhouse , look up at pakhi 's shut window . zamindar ( 0.s. ) hamaari gaadi lene a rahein hain kal ... omitted int . haveli library -- night the Zamindar hand varun a drink and take a seat . pakhi be not there . zamindar kolkata ke ek laatsahab ko bechi hai ... they drink in silence . 76 77 78 79 80 81 lootera shoot draft vl pg 46 zamindar duniya badal gayee hai varun babu ... aap logon ki behtar ho gayee hai , hamari khatam ho gayee hai . itni gehri aadat ho gayee thi iss zindagi ki ki aapke , majumdar ke saavdhan karne par bhi ... lagta nahin tha ki zamindari lutne ka matlab sab chala jaayega ... aap log angrezon se aazaad ho gaye , hum aazaadi se barbaad ho gaye ... varun abhi bhi bahut kuch hai aapke paa ... jiski antarashtriya bazaar mein kaafi keemat hai ... khareeddaar abhi bhi ghoom rahe hain chaaron taraf zamindar sarkar hamein barbaad karna chahti hai kyonki unhe lagta hai hum angrezon ke dost the ... hum majboor the ... ( get up ) aazaad hind fauj ko kitna paisa diya humne ... hamaari galti hai agar sarkar unki aazaadi ki ladaai accept nahin karti hai ... the Zamindar make another drink . varun watch he in silence . zamindar jaao tum ... tumhe bhi apna kaam karna hai ... jaao ... varun good night Zamindar babu ... varun walk towards the door when the Zamindar stop he . zamindar varun babu ... varun turn . zamindar bula lo unhe ... ( show all around he ) bech daalo sab ... bechbach ke chala jaata hoon angrezon ke desh ... bula lo ... varun nod and walk out . the Zamindar take another sip and casually fling he glass across the room . 82 83 84 lootera shoot draft vl pg 47 CUT to : int . outhouse -- night 82 Deb be sleep , snore . varun try to shake he awake . varun Deb ... abe debdas ... uth ... he snore . varun slap he . Deb wake with a start and immediately produce a gun from under he pillow , point it at varun . they look at each other . varun usse andar rakh ... debdas ( touch he cheek ) tumne maara mujhe ? varun Zamindar bechne ko taiyyar hai ... on Deb 's face , he eye light up . omitted 83 ext . haveli -- day 84 varun and Deb walk towards the entrance of the haveli . the Zamindar , pakhi , devyani , majumdar and the servant be already gather there in front of the Zamindar 's car . everyone look sad . the Zamindar hand the key of the car to a young gentleman . overlap the Zamindar 's voice : zamindar meet Mr. mukhopadhyay ... he 's take we car ... CUT to : varun and mukhopadhyay shake hand . varun to Calcutta ? mukhopadhyay yes ... varun ( to the Zamindar ) Deb inke saath ja sakta hai ? 85 86 lootera shoot draft vl pg 48 CUT to : the car leave . the Zamindar and pakhi watch it go , both very sad . varun stand behind they . varun Zamindar babu ... do din baad he bhi chale jaayenge ... zamindar mahina poora ho gaya ? itni jaldi ? varun hamaara kaam khatam ho gaya ... pakhi look at he . varun samay hi barbaad kiya ... milla kuch nahin ... the Zamindar look at he . varun smile awkwardly and walk off . pakhi watch he go . int . pakhi be room -- night 85 pakhi look out of she window towards the outhouse . her Pov : the room to varun 's door be close . she can see light from under the door . she keep look at the door , then move away from the window . int . haveli -- night 86 pakhi move stealthily through the haveli , careful not to make a sound . the sound of indian classical music get closer . pakhi walk past the library door , make sure she father do not see she . she walk through corridor , down the staircase and into the outhouse . she come up to varun 's door and knock . he open it . see she stand there . they look at each other and then he move out of the way , let she into the room . he shut the door and face she . pakhi Mat jaao ... 87 lootera shoot draft vl pg 49 tear form in pakhi 's eye . varun move forward and hold she . they embrace . pakhi please mat jaao ... varun shhhhhbh ... he embrace she tighter . she sit on the bed . he kneel in front of she . they look at each other , silently . he then kiss she on the eye . they touch nose . they embrace again , slowly . CUT to : they lie in bed , face each other . he 's asleep . she watch he . dissolve to : int . outhouse -- morning 87 varun open he eye . early morning light come through the window . he see pakhi , who sit by the close window and write on a piece of paper . varun kya likh rahi ho ? she do not reply . varun koi kahaani likh rahi ho ? pakhi hmmm ... varun kya kahaani ? pakhi kahaani hai bas ... varun kahaani mein kya hai ? pakhi be silent . varun ladka hai kahaani mein ? she nod . lootera shoot draft vl pg 50 varun aur ek ladki ? she nod again . she look varun dono pyar karte hain ek doosre se ... at he . pakhi nahin . varun pyar mein padne vaale hain ? pakhi pata nahin . varun dono baat kar rahe hain ? pakhi go back to write . she look varun ( whisper ) ladka kuch pooch raha hai ? at he , do not reply . varun ( whisper ) vah jawaab nahin de rahi hai ... naraaz hai ladke se ? pakhi ( whisper ) hahn . varun ( whisper ) kyonki vah jaa raha hai ? pakhi ( whisper , emotional ) kyonki vah bahut savaal pooch raha hai ... varun ( whisper ) aur ladki kya kar rahi hai ? pakhi ( whisper , emotional ) vah usse bata rahi hai ke itne savaal mat poocho ... varun ( whisper ) to usne savaal poochne band kiye ? 88 lootera shoot draft vl pg 51 pakhi ( emotional ) vah bewakoof hai ... usse bolne par bhi kuch samajh mein nahin a raha hai ... a tear start to roll down pakhi 's cheek . he walk to she . varun usne ladki ko bataaya , ki vah kitni sundar hai , ki usse sundar duniya mein koi nahin hai ... she look at he . pakhi nahin ... varun aur ladki not ladke ko bola ki vah duniya mein sabse zyaada usse pyar karti hai ? pakhi nahin . varun phir vah kab bolegi ? she do not reply . he come very close . varun kab bolegi ? they stay very close for a moment . then pakhi pull away . pakhi subah ho gayee ... mujhe jaana hai ... he hold she hand , not let go . they look at each other . int . haveli -- morning 88 pakhi walk through the haveli , silently . she come to she room and enter , shut the door behind she . and then notice she father lie on she bed , asleep . she quickly turn around and open the door again when he call out to she . zamindar pakhi bete ... 89 90 lootera shoot draft vl pg 52 she turn , look at he . zamindar usko bolo mujhse milne ko ... int . zamindar's room -- day the Zamindar sit with pakhi , look at she . say anything . the servant walk in with varun . zamindar ( to pakhi ) tum jaao ... she get up . zamindar aur darwaaze band kar do ... she look at varun as she walk to the door . she shut the door . int . zamindar's room -- continuous the Zamindar look at varun . zamindar vaapas kab jaa rahe ho ? varun parson ... zamindar kabhi humne tumhaare ma babuju ke baare mein nahin poocha ... varun mere ma babuji nahin hai . mujhe yaad bhi nahin vah kaise the ... mere chacha not mujhe paala , padhaya , saara kaam sikhaya . jo bhi main jaanta hoon sab unka sikhaya hua hai . hamaara department bhi vahi chalaate hai . zamindar vah kahan rahte hain ? varun kalkatta mein . zamindar unse mile sakte hain hum ? varun be silent . zamindar kya baat hai ? 89 she do not 90 lootera shoot draft vl pg 53 varun ( beat ) vah nahin milenge ... zamindar kyon ? varun vah manaa kar denge . zamindar kya mana kar denge ? varun unko pata chala pakhi ke baare mein to mujhe goli maar denge ... the Zamindar look at he . just then , the servant enter with a tray of tea . in the silence that ensue , he pour tea cup for both varun and the Zamindar . they sit through the silence , the Zamindar watch varun . the servant leave , shutting the door behind he . zamindar Zamindari to ab chali gayee hai . jo sarkar chhodegi ya tum bikvaaoge usske alaava pakhi hi ek hai jo hamara hai ... varun nod . zamindar kal raat bhar vah tumhaare saath thi aur hum uske kamre mein uska intezaar kar rahe the ... varun look away . zamindar hamaare yahaan nahin hota jo tum dono not kiya ... kahin bhi nahin hota . aur jab hota hai ... he trail off , emotional . varun look at he . varun Main pakhi se shaadi karoonga ... the Zamindar look at he . varun Main bas chacha ko nahin bata sakta . hum shaadi karke kahin aur chale jaayenge ... lootera shoot draft vl pg 54 the Zamindar keep look at he . varun Main pakhi ko bahut pyaar karta hoon . Main poori koshish karoonga usse khush rakhne ki . Main jaan laga doonga lekin usse dukh nahin pahunchne doonga ... agar aap anumati dein to ... the Zamindar get emotional . he nod . varun touch he foot . the Zamindar embrace he . zamindar Main jaanta hoon pakhi tumhaare saath khush rahegi ... on varun 's face ... 91 ext . haveli -- evening 91 a shehnai player and a tabalchi sit in the courtyard of the haveli , play music . 92 int . zamindar's room -- night 92 the Zamindar stand in front of a mirror , get ready . he dictate a letter while majumdar write it down . zamindar Zamindar soumitra roychowdhury ... majumdar write . zamindar abhi bhi Zamindar bula sakta hoon to apne aap ko ? majumdar manikpur mein to hamesha hi Zamindar rahenge aap ... the Zamindar smile . zamindar theek hai ... phir ... Zamindar soumitra roychowdhury aapko apni suputri saudaamini pakhi aur varun shrivastav ke vivaah mein saadar aamantrit karte hain ... 93 ext . haveli -- night 93 the Zamindar and majumdar walk through a corridor . zamindar ab aamantran chapvaane ka samay to hai nahin abhi ... chaar ladkon ko bhej deejiye bicycle par hamari ( more ) 94 lootera shoot draft vl pg 55 zamindar ( cont 'd ) taraf se sab ko nyauta dene . aur doctor sahab , daakbabu , daroga ji ko aap khud hi jaakar aamantrit karen ... majumdar nod . majumdar aap itne taiyyar hokar kahan jaa rahe hain ? zamindar ja nahin raha hoon , koi a raha hai ... CUT to : a car drive up in front of the haveli . Deb and a dignify middle age man get down . bajpai . CUT to : bajpai and the Zamindar walk through a corridor . bajpai notice the shehnai player . bajpai koi jalsa ho raha hai ? zamindar hamaari beti ki sagai hai ... bajpai wah ... badhai ho aapko ... kin mahanubhav ko apni beti de rahe hain ? int . outhouse -- night 94 varun sit on the outhouse bed , Deb stand in front of he . debdas tum vivaah kar rahe ho , pakhi se ... varun sagaai . Deb look at varun , who do not meet he eye . debdas kya baat hai varun ? kya chhupa rahe ho ? varun kuch nahin ... lootera shoot draft vl pg 56 debdas kuch to hai jo tum nahin kah rahe ho ... varun be silent . debdas bajpai ji ko kya bataaoge ? varun pata nahin . debdas to phir sagaai kyon kar rahe ho ? usse poora hi khatam karke jaane ka iraada hai ? varun stay silent . debdas sagaai kahaan hai ? varun Mandir mein . debdas kab ? varun kal ... he look at Deb , then get up . 95 ext . haveli storage chamber -- night majumdar open the clock to the storage chamber . the Zamindar and bajpai stand outside . varun walk towards they from a distance . zamindar aapko sagai samaroh tak rukna chahiye ... varun ko bhi achcha lagega ... bajpai Zaroor rukta Zamindar babu , lekin jahaaj pakadna hai ... varun reach they . varun bajpai ji ... he shake hand with bajpai . bajpai bahut shubkaamnaayen varun sahab ... humne suna ... varun look at he . 95 96 97 98 99 lootera shoot draft vl pg 57 int . haveli storage chamber -- night 96 they walk into the storage room . majumdar show bajpai around the room while varun and the Zamindar watch . after a while the Zamindar walk out . varun follow he . ext . haveli storage chamber -- night 97 the Zamindar stand by the balcony overlook the courtyard , sip he drink . varun join he . zamindar cigarette hai ? varun ji ... zamindar ek jalaao . varun light a cigarette and give it to the Zamindar . zamindar beta , paise ki baat main nahin kar paoonga . tum aur majumdar hi sambhaalna . varun nod . int . haveli storage chamber -- night 98 a list of item be prepare . the Zamindar go through the list , then look at the stuff be pack . majumdar count money and write it on another list . the Zamindar sign the papers . ext . haveli -- night 99 the Zamindar and bajpai shake hand . bajpai Main chaloonga ... abhi nikloonga to subah hote pahunchunga ... zamindar bahut achcha ... jaisi marzi aapki ... bajpai agar burra nahin maane to ... ( indicate varun ) inko gaadi tak saath le jaane ki ijaazat chahoonga ... lootera shoot draft vl zamindar shauk se bajpai sahab ... 100 ext . haveli -- night bajpai and varun walk towards the car . bajpai kya ho raha hai ? varun sagai kar raha hoon ... bajpai phir uske baad ? varun do not say anything . bajpai ghadhaa ghaas se rishta bana lega beta to khaayega kya ... varun chacha kabhi to kabhi shaadi to karni hi hai to ... bajpai beta maine to nahin ki shaadi . aur agar maine kar 1i hoti to tum sab ko kaise paalta ... varun Main jaanta hoon aapne hamein paala , nahlaaya dhulaaya , khilaya bada kiya ... aapne jo kaha maine bhi kiya . pahle aap se kabhi kuch nahin maanga ... bajpai bata sakoge tum usse ki tum kya karte ho yahan kyon aaye ho ? varun do not reply . they stop walk . bajpai kal suraj ko police not maar diya bareilly mein ... varun look at he . varun kaise ? bajpai usne bhaagne ki koshish ki ... varun digest this . pg 58 100 101 102 103 lootera shoot draft vl pg 59 bajpai do betiyan thi uski . ek beta ... tum to jaante ho ... ( beat ) ye zindagi hai hamaari . jo hum jeete hain . chaubees ghante . dono peher . poore saal . ye dena chahte ho usse ? varun do not reply . bajpai open the car door . bajpai baaki tum azaad ho . tumhaari zindagi hai jo karna chahte ho karo ... he get in . the door close . they look at each other . bajpai drive off . varun watch the car go . Music ... int . outhouse -- night 101 varun look at the photo of he and pakhi . he stare at it for a while . after a while he get up . we stay on the mirror and see he take he bag and walk out . ext . haveli -- morning 102 in the first light of the morning , varun and Deb walk out of the haveli . varun wheel he motorcycle away and out of the gate . when they be a fair distance away , varun and Deb get on the bike . it start and drive off . from the wheel of the bike ... ext . STREET -- morning 103 the wheel of the Zamindar 's car , head towards the temple site . it 's morning now . 104 105 106 107 108 109 110 lootera shoot draft vl pg 60 int . pakhi be room -- morning 104 pakhi sit in front of the mirror , do she eye and hair . behind she , devyani supervise the sorting of the jewellery and clothes . ext . temple site -- morning 105 the Zamindar stand in front of the temple and watch the pooja service take place . all around , people be decking up the place with flower . int . pakhi be room -- morning 106 a may servant put alta on pakhi 's hand . ext . temple site -- morning 107 a pandit pour milk on the idol . and to everyone 's shock , the idol melt and collapse inwards . the pandit look at the idol , then at the Zamindar . the Zamindar look at the idol in horror . from under the ground , we see the idol be move out . the Zamindar look inside the gape hole , then look to the side , towards the area where the dig be happen . he walk towards the area and look down into the trench . realise what have happen . ext . STREET -- morning 108 the Zamindar 's car race back towards the haveli . ext . STREET -- morning 109 varun and Deb reach a truck stand by the side of the road . they get off the motorcycle and hoist it into the back of the truck . also in the back of the truck , the real gold idol , along with two smile labourer from the site . varun and Deb get into the truck . it move . int . haveli outhouse -- morning 110 the Zamindar walk through the haveli outhouse till he come to varun 's room . 111 112 113 114 115 116 lootera shoot draft vl pg 61 he open the door and look inside . it 's empty . we see he from pakhi 's room . Inside the room , pakhi drape she sari on and look in the mirror . devyani stand behind she , very emotional . ext . STREET -- morning the truck come to a stop next to another car . Deb get out of the truck and get into the car . the driver of the car be biswajeet Roy , the treasury department official . he smile at Deb . int . pakhi be room -- morning pakhi smile at devyani . ext . STREET -- morning the Zamindar 's car race down the street again . it come to a stop in front of the police station . he get out of the car and see majumdar stand in front of he , hold the briefcase . they look at each other . int . police station -- morning majumdar and the Zamindar sit with the Police Inspector . majumdar nakli . sab ke sab nakli hai ... ek note asli nahin hai ... the Zamindar just watch in silence . ext . STREET -- day varun and Deb enter a bar in Calcutta and walk to a table . sitting there , smoking a cigarette and read a newspaper , be bajpai . he look at the boy , put down he newspaper . int . haveli -- day pakhi come down the stair , fully dress up in she engagement finery . watch she from the bottom of the stair be the Zamindar . she smile at he , then notice he distraught face . slowly , she smile fade . fade out : interval 112 114 117 118 119 lootera shoot draft vl pg 62 ext . haveli -- day 117 the courtyard of the haveli , barren of any life . overlap a man 's voice . bose ( 0.s . ) un logon ka ek bahut bada antar - rajeeya giroh hai ... int . zamindar's room -- day 118 sitting across the Zamindar at he desk be bose , the police inspector from the station . majumdar be also there . bose bajpai jinka sardar hai ... jo khareeddar banke aaya tha ... across the table , the Zamindar look at he , break and exhaust . bose varun shrivastav ka asli naam kya hai kissi ko nahin pata ... kabhi vah narayan maurya hota hai , kabhi mohan das ... debdas mukherjee ke bhi kayi naam hai ... madan , tony ... aur pata nahin kaun kaun se ... without a word , the Zamindar get up and walk out of the room . majumdar look at he go , then at bose . int . library -- night 119 the Zamindar pour himself a drink . majumdar stand behind . majumdar daroga babu sirf aapki madad karna chah rahe the ... not bother to reply , the Zamindar put down the bottle and turn to majumdar . zamindar ek chhitthi likhiye hamari taraf se ... majumdar take out a paper and pen , write what the Zamindar dictate . zamindar ki pakhi ka vivaah humne sthaagit kar diya hai ... he go to the grammaphone . he put on a record . lootera shoot draft vl pg 63 zamindar aur maafi maang leejiye ... Music play . the Zamindar close he eye , downs he drink . majumdar look at he . outside the door , pakhi look at she father . majumdar babu ... the Zamindar look at he . zamindar ( pause ) jo mann mein aaye likh deejiye ... aur hamein akela chhod dein aap ... jjyiye ... majumdar get up . majumdar kal yadi samay nikaal kar ek nazar hisaab par ... the Zamindar make the music louder , cut majumdar off . majumdar slowly walk out of the room , try to fight tear . he pass pakhi on the way . she walk in . pakhi Baba ... the Zamindar look at she . pakhi mujhe maf karo do ... zamindar maafi to mujhe maangni chahiye beti ... ek cheez maangi tumne vah bhi nahin de paaya ... he try to smile . zamindar kuch nahin to kam se kam tumhe hi saath le jaata ... pakhi look down , on the verge of tear . the Zamindar pull she close and hug she . she cry softly . lootera shoot draft vl pg 64 120 int . haveli -- night 120 Music from the library echoe through the haveli . pakhi walk through the haveli corridor . 121 int . library -- continuous 121 the Zamindar pour himself another stiff drink and listen to the music . after a while , a tear drop out of he eye . 122 int . pakhi be room -- night 122 pakhi lie in bed . the sound of the music reach she . she shut she eye tight . 123 ext . haveli -- morning 123 over the field , the sun rise . 124 int . library -- morning 124 pakhi enter the library . she see she father in he armchair , eye close . come towards he slowly , she sit on the chair opposite he ... and keep look at he prone body . 125 int . haveli -- day 125 the Zamindar lie in a white sheet . pakhi , pishi ma and devyani sit near the body . pakhi be the only one who do not cry . a tall rugge man stand in a corner , watch the proceedings . this be kn singh , the cid Inspector . 126 int . field -- morning 126 pakhi take a walk in the field , alone . 127 ext . haveli -- day 127 pakhi stand on the terrace , watch the cloud . 128 int . pakhi be room -- day 128 pakhi look out of she room at the outhouse . her Pov : kn Singh stand before the door , inspect everything . a few of he man look around . overlap majumdar 's voice . lootera shoot draft vl pg 65 majumdar ( 0.s. ) sab kuch aapke naam chhodkar gaye hain ... 129 int . haveli library -- day 129 pakhi stand over she father 's chair . majumdar across the table . majumdar kya karna hai beti ? pakhi look at he . she then look beyond he at the painting on the wall . 130 int . pakhi be room -- day 130 pakhi pack clothes and other thing into a trunk . devyani and pishi ma watch , silently . pakhi close the trunk . 130a ext . haveli -- night 130a the painting burn . pakhi watch the flame devour it . dissolve to : 131 ext . haveli -- day 131 pakhi 's car make it 's way down the road , raise a cloud of dust . it pass kn Singh along the way . 132 int . car -- day 132 pakhi sit in the back of the car . it pass by the accident site , the place where pakhi and varun meet for the first time . the driver look at she in the rear-view mirror . she do not react . 133 int . car -- day 133 pakhi look out of the window at the pass scenery . Day become night become day again . the landscape change , from the plain to foothills to mountain . 134 ext . pakhi' cottage -- day 134 pakhi get out of the car , which be park in front of a pretty mountain cottage , tuck away amongst the tree . 135 136 137 138 lootera shoot draft vl pg 66 a woman in she thirty , shyama , approach from the house and embrace pakhi . they walk towards the cottage together . int . pakhi' cottage -- day 135 pakhi walk into she bare room and straight towards the window that look out to the garden . her Pov : a tree in the centre of the garden . it 's green leave sway gently in the breeze . int . pakhi' cottage -- night 136 on a desk lamp . the light be on . on this visual , a title card : " dalhousie , 1953 " pakhi walk into the room and come towards the desk . on the desk be blank sheet of paper . pakhi look at they . after a while , she switch off the light . int . pakhi' cottage -- day 137 freshly bath , pakhi sit at she desk by the window . in front of she , blank sheet of paper . shyama cook in the kitchen , watch pakhi hunch over she papers . pakhi bring the pen close to the paper , but do not write anything . she lean back , look at the paper . leans forward again . shyama watch she scribble . pakhi write something , then scratch it out . she roll the paper into a ball and throw it behind she . it land on the floor . after a while , another land . int . pakhi' cottage -- evening 138 lot of ball of paper on the floor . shyama stand at the door , look at the mess . shyama didi khaana kha lo ... pakhi continue scribbling , ignore she . shyama come forward and start to pick up the piece . 139 140 lootera shoot draft vl pg 67 pakhi Main kar loongi shyama ... unko chhod do ... shyama stand . shyama Main kya karoon phir ? pakhi tum jaao . shyama walk out . later : pakhi scribbles , then roll the paper into a ball and throw it on the floor . she start cough , which increase in frequency . she get up and come to the kitchen , open the lid of a bowl . hot soup be inside . pakhi drink it . ext . forest lane -- day 139 pakhi take a walk through the forest lane . around and above she , tall evergreen . it 's very silent and peaceful . when she return to the house , she see a familiar figure stand , wait for she . Inspector kn Singh . he take off he hat . int . pakhi' cottage -- day 140 shyama make tea and watch from the kitchen as kn Singh and pakhi sit opposite each other in the live room . he play with he hat in he hand . kn singh pakhi ji , aap jitni achchi tarah varun ko jaanti thi , koi aur nahin jaanta ... pakhi listen . kn singh aap agar madad nahin karengi to unke giroh ko pakadna mushkil ho jaayega ... pakhi do not say anything . lootera shoot draft vl pg 68 kn singh jo manikpur mein hua aapke saath vah kayi auron ke saath ho chuka hai . iss giroh not lakhon , karodon churayen hain zamindaron , raja maharajaon se ... kai parivar khatam ho gaye hain , tod diye hain in logon not . sirf akele roychowdhury sahab ki maut ke zimmedar nahin hai ye ... pakhi mere baba isiliye nahin marre kyonki unhe kissi not loot liya . vah ... ( pause ) varun not unka dil today tha . unko dhokha diya tha . vah we pe bahut vishwas karte the ... kn singh aur agar vah marre nahin hote to vah bhi yahi chahte ki varun ko uske kiye ki sazaa mille ... pakhi look away . kn singh aap madad karengi to hum unko pakad sakte hain ... pakhi mujhe usse badla nahin lena hai Singh sahab . Main sirf usse bhoolna chahti hoon ... kn Singh look at she for a while . when it seem like she 's not go to say anything , he write something on a piece of paper . kn singh agar aapko meri zaroorat pade ya aap ko kuch yaad a jaaye jo aap bataana chahe ... to operator ko bol ke aap yahaan phone kar sakti hain ... pakhi do not respond . he leave the paper on the table and walk out . pakhi watch he go , then get up . 140a omitted 140a thru thru 141 141 142 int . pakhi' cottage -- day 142 it 's later in the day . lootera shoot draft vl pg 69 pakhi sit at the desk , look at the blank sheet that seem to be mock she . shyama come to the door . shyama Main jaoon ? pakhi do not respond . shyama khaana dhak ke rakh liya hai . thanda hone se pahle kha lena . aapne subah se kuch nahin khaaya hai ... pakhi do not respond again . shyama give she one last look and walk out . pakhi sit there for a while . she then pick up the pen . and she force herself to write . she write furiously , then look at the paper , toss it aside , pick up another . write , throw , write . she finally pick up a paper and tear it to shred . then tear all the papers to shred . she sit at the desk , breathe heavily . silence . she turn on the radio . " tadbeer se bigdi Hui " play . she look at the radio . turn it off angrily . silence . the sound of the wind . she look at the photo of she father . she suddenly get up and walk through the cottage to the live room . she come to where kn Singh be sit and take the piece of paper . she then come to the telephone . she pick it up , dial , listen . pakhi Inspector kn Singh se baat ho sakti hai ... Police Station ... ji pakhi roychowdhury ... she wait . kn Singh come on the phone . 142a 142b 142c 142d 142e 142f lootera shoot draft vl pg 70 pakhi usne ek baar bataaya tha ki jandrighat ke raja ke mahal mein ek paanch sau saal puraani ganesh ki sone ki murti hai ... Music ... CUT to : int . police station -- continuous 142a kn Singh listen . he then hang up the phone . CUT to : int . pakhi' cottage -- continuous 142b pakhi hang up the phone . she walk back into the room , sit at the desk . she stare outside the window . Music continue . dissolve to : int . jandrighat palace -- day 142c kn Singh stand in a corridor at the jandrighat Palace . in front of he - the idol of ganesh . a well - dress man walk down the stair . the raja . CUT to : ext . jandrighat palace -- day 142d outside the palace , kn Singh and the raja talk . we do not hear what they say . as kn Singh explain , the raja nod . they shake hand . CUT to : int . police station -- day 142e kn Singh be surround by policeman at the police station . he explain stuff to they . again , we do not hear what he 's say . they listen to he , rapt with attention . CUT to : ext . pakhi' cottage -- day 142f a board be put up by two policemen outside pakhi 's house - " khaali guest house kiraye pe uplabd hai " . 142g 142h 1429 142k 142l lootera shoot draft vl pg 71 shyama look , not understanding . she look at pakhi , who do not explain . CUT to : int . police station -- night kn Singh put up name on a board in the police station - bajpai , varun , Deb , biswajeet Roy . the local dalhousie inspector stand with he . CUT to : int . pakhi' cottage -- day pakhi eat a tiny bite of food . then leave the plate mostly untouched and go inside the room . shyama watch she go , look at the plate of food . CUT to : int . jandrighat palace -- day photo be take of the idol at jandrighat Palace . kn Singh supervise . CUT to : int . pakhi' cottage -- day pakhi sit on she desk , not bother to write , just look out . shyama watch she from the door , concerned . CUT to : int . police station -- day he write a letter by hand , seal it . address it to " the editor , the statesman " . he hand it to bajrangi , a constable . CUT to : bajpai at a tea shop in Calcutta . he read the papers . the statesman . he see a article that interest he - a photo of the idol with a headline - " famous idol to be move to Museum " . he put the paper down on a table . across he , varun and Deb . CUT to : 142g 142h 1427 142k 142l 143 144 lootera shoot draft vl pg 72 the montage end . the tree outside pakhi 's window . it 's leave sway in the breeze . dissolve to : ext . pakhi' cottage -- evening 143 the same tree , the same shot . now the tree be shed leave . Dark cloud have gather around the house . pakhi sit on a bench outside , huddle under a shawl . she stare into the distance . the wind blow , swirl leave around . shyama watch she from the door of the cottage and call out to she , but pakhi can not hear she through the wind . pakhi cough violently , cover she mouth with she hand . she look at the hand . blood . CUT to : int . pakhi' cottage -- day 144 pakhi lie on she side while a elderly doctor , dr . tsering , listen to she breathe through a stethoscope . shyama watch tensely from the door . Dr. tsering pull the stethoscope away . dr . tsering congestion badhta jaa raha hai ... pakhi look out of the window . dr . tsering pakhi ... meri baat sun rahi ho ? pakhi nod . dr . tsering kissi garam jagah jaakar rahna chahiye tumhe ... zyaada jeeyogi ... pakhi close she eye . pakhi marna to hai hi ek din doctor uncle ... kya karoongi ji kar ? dr . tsering ek aur kitaab likh sakogi ... 145 146 lootera shoot draft vl pg 73 pakhi open she eye . her Pov : a tree outside the window , gently shed leave . pakhi jo likh rahi hoon , ussi mein hi saari zindagi khatam ho jaati hai ... she keep watch the tree . int . pakhi' cottage -- day 145 Dr. tsering talk to shyama outside . dr . tsering TB hai ... jaanleva hai ... kitni bhi zidd kare akele mat chhodna . shyama hum to lad lad kar ro ro kar thak jaate hain . jab vah akele rehna chahti hai to baahar dhakel deti hai , sunti kahan hai ? dr . tsering tum bhi vaapas unko andar dhakel diya karo ... aur kaadha pilaate raho . int . pakhi' cottage -- evening 146 pakhi watch the tree shed another leaf . shyama put some food on pakhi 's bed side table , along with a cup . shyama kaadha pee lo didi . Doctor sahab not bola hai ... pakhi ignore she . shyama kaadha pee lo . pakhi Main pee loongi , meeze par rakh do . shyama abhi peeyo , hamaare saamne . pakhi ( snap ) bola to meeze par rakh do , pee loongi ... shyama , stunne by the outburst , walk away , hurt . later : 147 148 149 lootera shoot draft vl pg 74 shyama wash dish in the kitchen , cry at the same time . pakhi come behind she and put she arm around she . pakhi mujhe maaf kar do . shyama wipe she tear , nodd . ext . pakhi' cottage -- day 147 the cloud have get darker . the tree shed leave in the breeze . int . pakhi' cottage -- day 148 pakhi sit by the window , look at the tree . the radio play . a newscaster drone on about possible snowfall . pakhi watch the tree and all sound slowly disappear from the soundtrack . she notice the sway branch , the way the leave fall off and float they way to the ground . she stay in this reverie till shyama put a hand on she shoulder . shyama koi do jann aaye hain ... pakhi do not say anything . shyama kya karoon ? pakhi dikha do ... kiraaya pahle le lena . shyama leave . pakhi come to the back window and look out . her Pov : shyama lead two man to the outhouse - varun and Deb . they look slightly different from the last time we have see they . varun 's stubble have grow and Deb wear glass . varun ( to shyama ) aur kaun rehta hai yahaan ? int . cottage outhouse -- day 149 the door to the outhouse open and shyama walk in . varun and Deb follow she . lootera shoot draft vl pg 75 shyama maalkin ... uski tabiyat theek nahin hai ... she look around the room . shyama ye leejiye ... bistar hai , bijli bhi hai , lekin thoda chhota hai . debdas jo bhi hai theek hai , poore shahar mein bas yahi ek bacha hai , koi bhi jagah khaali nahin hai ... aisa kyon ? shyama aisa nahin hai ... ek hotel hai , dharamshaala hai ... debdas sab bhari hai . varun khaane ka kya hai ? shyama subah bol deejiyega . kyonki hum to yahaan rahte nahin . door shaher mein rahte hain . she go to the door . shyama hum jaayen ? debdas aap jaao . shyama hamaara naam nahin poocha aapne ... varun aapne bhi to hamara nahin poocha . shyama smile . shyama hum shyama hain ... debdas hum tony jaalwaala . varun aur main vijay . shyama aur isse baat pe hum chalte hain ... 150 151 lootera shoot draft vl pg 76 int . pakhi' cottage -- day 150 pakhi watch through the window as varun and Deb walk out of the gate . suddenly , she phone ring . outside the gate , varun hear it ringing . he look back at the house . pakhi be look straight at he but he can not see she . pakhi pick up the phone , still look outside . pakhi hello ? kn singh Main Singh bol raha hoon , Inspector kn Singh ... pakhi ji ... kn singh giroh ka sardar bajpai kalkatta mein pakda gaya . pakhi oh ... kn singh aapko saavdhan karne ke liye phone kiya tha . bajpai not kuboola hai ki vah dono dalhousie mein pahunch chuke hain ... rahne ki jagah dhoondenge . humne saari jagah jahaan par log rah sakte hain band karva di hai . kabhi to kabhi aapke paa pahunchenge ... jaise hi pahunchenge aap mujhe phone kar deejiyega ... pakhi ji ... she put the phone down , look out of the window . see varun and Deb recede into the distance . she keep watch they . Music ... int . police station -- day 151 kn light he cigarette and look at he man . kn singh aap log phail jaao ... 152 153 154 lootera shoot draft vl pg 77 int . jandrighat palace -- day 152 varun and Deb be escort through a corridor of the palace by a servant . around they , artifact of all kind . they approach the idol of ganesh . both of they watch it . the raja walk down the stair . varun look at he . int . police station -- day 153 a man sit in front of kn Singh . man do jan aaye the Hotel pe . humne unko bhej diya bol ke ki jagah nahi hai ... kn singh chaubees pachchis saal ke ? ek dubla sa tha , dev anand type ... man bilkul ... kn Singh look at the Station Inspector . inspector pata nahin sahab ... hamein to koi khabar nahin ... kn singh Hotel vaala bolta hai do jann aaye the , yah bol rahe hain ... agar vah kahin nahin rah rahe hain , to gaye kahaan ? overlap the raja 's voice : raja aap museum se aaye hain ? dilli se ? ext . jandrighat palace -- later 154 the raja sit with Deb and varun in the verandah . he read a official letter from the National Museum . varun ji. raja moorti le ke kaise jayenge ? varun truck mein le ke jayenge . dilli se truck nikal chuke hain . 155 lootera shoot draft vl pg 78 raja aur security ? varun aap uski chinta bilkul to karein . kam se kam chhey log Delhi se bhejey gayein hain , jo moorti ke saath saath yahan se dilli tak jayenge . aur agar aap chahein , to aapka koi aadmi bhi saath jaa sakta hai ... the raja nod . raja Main aur kya kar sakta hoon aapke liye ? varun humein iske liye ek baksa banwana padega ... jiske liye hum kal a key napai kar lenge agar aapko asuvidha to ho ... raja Bas ? debdas aap bolo to thahar bhi jaate hain ... the raja laugh . Deb smile . raja kal se a jaao ... aaj hum sab ko khabar karva dete hain ki aap log a rahe ho ... he point to he man stand against the wall . raja yah rahenge aap ke saath ... the get up . raja kahin chhodvaana ho to hamari gaadi chhod degi ... varun nahin uski koi zaroorat nahin , bahut bahut dhanyavaad aapka ... ext . jandrighat palace -- day 155 varun and Deb emerge from the palace . they walk towards the gate , past the garden and a work gardener . 156 157 158 159 160 lootera shoot draft vl pg 79 the gardener look at they . it 's the man we know as biswajeet Roy . int . jandrighat palace -- continuous the raja pick up a phone , dial a number . raja hello ... hahn vahi dono the ... int . police station -- day kn Singh put the phone down . look at the Inspector . kn singh aap ke paa kitne log hain ? inspector baarah ... kn singh sab ke paa hathyar hai ? inspector donali hai ... kn singh mujhe sab chahiye ... int . post office -- day varun dial a number . it ring . he wait as it carry on ringing . he hang up . varun phone utha nahin rahe ... debdas so rahe honge ... varun bajpai uncle sote nahin hai ... ext . post office -- continuous through the Pov of a pair of binocular : varun and Deb emerge from the post office . int . tea shop -- day they sit at a table . a boy give they tea . varun kuch gadbad hai ... debdas koi gadbad nahin hai ... varun Hai ... 156 157 158 159 160 161 and 162 163 lootera shoot draft vl pg 80 Deb look at he . omitted ext . tea shop -- day varun and Deb come out of the tea shop and start walk down the street . unseen by they , two man sit outside the tea shop split up . one man follow they at a distance , the other enter a alley . the alley man come to the end of the alley and enter a shop , look at kn Singh . alley man sahab ... vah log vahaan se chale gaye ... CUT to : varun and Deb carry on walk . behind they , two more man fall in line . from a parallel alley , kn Singh track they . varun walk , when a peculiar sound hit he ear , a rhythmic metallic - like sound . he turn while walk . the sound stop . his Pov : a normal market scene . people talk , walk . he notice a man stand outside a shop , talk to someone inside . the man wear civilian clothes . varun look down at he shoe . the man start walk forward again . the same rhythmic metallic sound . varun look in front and quicken he pace . the pace of the rhythm increase , tapping away on the cobblestone street . kn Singh keep pace with varun . he take out he gun . varun lean close to Deb . varun hamara peecha ho raha hai ... Deb look into a alley while walk , see a figure tracking they . he look up , see a man dart into a balcony . debdas poori police force baahar hai hamare liye . 161 162 163 lootera shoot draft vl pg 81 varun tum daayen jaao , main baay nikalta hoon . Deb and varun come to a corner and suddenly go different way . the policeman stop in they track . kn Singh look , see Deb turn into he alley a few foot in front . he indicate for one man to follow varun and go after Deb himself . the varun-follow cop take the lane that varun take , come out on the other side . he see varun run down the lane . the cop raise he whistle to he lip . kn Singh hear the whistle blow . so do Deb . he turn around . they eye meet . Deb see the gun in he hand and duck into a alley . kn Singh run after he . Music ... the chase begin . varun run through a alley , come out the other side and see two policeman converge on he . he run back into the alley and take a narrow staircase . the cop follow he . varun enter a house , run through it till he come to the balcony . look out - no cop on the street . he jump on a nearby roof , and then on the ground . start run again . kn Singh look for Deb in the many alley , can not see he anywhere . he pass a alley , and then come back . he see Deb run at the other end . he follow he . varun run down a alley , hide in a doorway . he see policeman run in another alley , in one direction . he run in the other direction , almost bang into kn Singh . he turn at the last moment and slam into a open doorway . kn Singh hear the sound and turn . varun run up the dark staircase and hide . kn Singh come to the open doorway , look inside . he can not see anything . without warning , and before he can raise he gun , varun jump out on he . they tumble to the ground . varun manage to kick he gun away , pick it up , point it at kn Singh . lootera shoot draft vl pg 82 he see other cop come down the alley towards they . kn singh ( shouting at the cop ) goli mat chalaana ! the cop stop , gun raise . kn singh varun ... aatmasamarpan kar do ... varun look at he , then at the wait police , come forward and kick kn Singh in the stomach . kn Singh double over . the cop shoot . varun duck out of the alley . he run for a while and then stop at a street corner , look either side . no cop . he run down the street and see a policeman come towards he . he raise he gun . the policeman look away and duck into a alley . varun hear footstep behind he get closer , whip around and fire he gun ... straight into Deb 's chest . Deb , surprise on he face , go down hold he chest . varun look at he in shock . he keep look at he and do not notice police come down the alley in front of he . they shoot . varun take a bullet in he side . he fall to the ground , right in front of Deb 's body . he fire back at the cop blindly , hit one of they , and not notice . the cop back away . varun look at Deb 's face . still some life in the eye . they keep look at each other till Deb 's eye close . varun run down the alley into a dark doorway . he hide and watch as the police come down the other end . they gather around Deb 's dead body . varun hold he hand to he mouth , tear come into he eye . his wound bleed . kn Singh and all the policeman look at Deb 's dead body . varun take the opportunity to escape . on Deb 's dead face , snowflake fall . kn Singh look up . heavy snow . he curse under he breath . lootera shoot draft vl pg 83 164 int . pakhi' cottage -- continuous 164 pakhi sit by the window , look up at the snow fall . shyama come to the door . shyama didi main jaa rahi hoon ... pakhi do not reply . 165 ext . STREET -- continuous 165 a crowd gather around Deb 's dead body . kn Singh and the police try to move they away , but it turn out to be difficult . the Inspector come to kn Singh . inspector sahab ... bajrangi ki haalat bahut kharaab hoti jaa rahi hai ... doctor ko bulva bheja hai ... kn Singh nod , he eye scan the crowd for any sign of varun . 166 ext . STREET -- evening 166 varun wait under the awning of a shop , a shawl cover he , look across the street . his Pov : Dr. tsering lock up the clinic door and leave in a hurry , a constable with he . varun wait till he walk away and be out of sight , then cross the road . he test the lock on the door , then look right and leave , take out he gun . Hit the lock . 167 int . pakhi' cottage -- continuous 167 pakhi come out on the porch of the house . wind and snow swirl around . she cover herself with she shawl . cough . and cough again . 168 ext . STREET -- night 168 shyama try to get a look through the crowd at the source of interest but be unable to . the police cover Deb 's body with a sheet . Dr. tsering crouch over the body of the injure constable . 169 170 171 172 173 174 lootera shoot draft vl pg 84 int . dr . tsering be clinic -- night 169 varun light a match and look around the dark clinic . open a cupboard and find the doctor 's instrument . and a battery operate torch . he put on the torch and leave it on the doctor 's table , then sit on the bed . lift he shirt . blood everywhere . he feel with he finger , flinch with the pain . he pick up the doctor 's forcep , steel himself and then insert they into he side . he begin to cry , partly from the pain , partly from the memory of Deb 's death . he manage to pull the bullet out . ext . STREET -- night 170 kn Singh and the policeman comb through the alley , with torchlight and lantern , search every alley and doorway . a constable call out to kn Singh . he walk over . the constable point out to something . kn Singh look . his Pov : blood on the floor . int . dr . tsering's clinic -- continuous 171 varun wipe he tear and dial a number on the doctor 's phone . the phone keep ringing . varun slam it down after a while . ext . STREET -- continuous 172 kn Singh walk through the street hurriedly . int . dr . tsering's clinic -- continuous 173 varun dial another number . nobody pick up this time either . he then notice the something on the doctor 's desk , in the light of the torch - a file , with pakhi 's name on it . Music ... ext . STREET -- night 174 kn Singh approach the doctor 's door . he see that it 's open , and the lock have be break . 175 176 177 178 179 lootera shoot draft vl pg 85 he get he gun out and open the door . it 's completely dark inside . keeping the gun point , he slowly enter the clinic and switch on a light . the clinic be empty . kn Singh notice the blood , and the bullet . he curse again . ext . STREET -- night kn Singh come out of the clinic . the station inspector walk up to he . kn singh usse goli lagi hai aur vah zyaada door nahin jaa sakta . vah shahar mein hai , ghayal hai ... he walk on , then turn again . kn singh chaaron taraf parcha chapva kar baanto , deevaron par chipakvaado . uska huliya kaisa dikhta hai , sab ... mujhe ye aadmi chahiye . dhoondte raho usse jab tak mile nahin jaata ya mar nahin jaata ... ext . forest lane -- night varun walk through the forest lane , now cover with snow . he stumble and fall , he flashlight wobble all over the place . int . pakhi' cottage -- night pakhi come into the room , a cough bout in progress . she slump on the bed , breathe very heavily . ext . forest lane -- night varun reach the cottage gate . int . pakhi' cottage -- night pakhi hear the bell tinkling . she turn and look towards the door , wait , breathe very heavy . after a almost interminable wait , varun come through the door . they look at each other . hate on both they face . 180 181 182 lootera shoot draft vl pg 86 varun Police ko tumne bulaaya tha ... she keep stare at he . he at she . he come closer to she . varun Police ko tumne bulaaya tha ... she do not say anything . keeps look at he , breathe hard . he lift she up violently . she 's breathe hard , stare into he eye . he stare back at she . she close she eye , go limp in he arm . fade out : ext . STREET -- night 180 kn Singh stand in the middle of the street , a isolate figure in the snow . the Inspector walk up to he . inspector bajrangi nahin raha ... kn Singh look into the distance , he eye steely . he light a cigarette . fade out : int . pakhi' cottage -- night 181 varun try to dial a number from pakhi 's phone . it keep ringing . he slam the phone down . fade out : int . pakhi' cottage -- morning 182 pakhi wake up with a start , sit up in bed and look around . she notice the syringe lie on the table next to she . she come to the dining room , see varun stand by the window , look out . he turn to she . lootera shoot draft vl pg 87 varun mera dost mara hai tumhaari vajah se ... itni aasaani se marne nahin doonga tumhe ... pakhi tumko bhi kissi ki maut ka gam ho sakta hai mujhe pata nahin tha ... varun tumhe bahut kuch pata nahin hai . pakhi tum jaao varun . varun mujhe chhupne ki jagah chahiye . pakhi vah tumhe yahaan nahin milegi . he do not say anything . pakhi chale jaao nahin to police ko telephone kar doongi . varun tum nahin karogi . pakhi yah tumhaari galatfahmi hai ... varun karna hota to bahut pahle kar chuki hoti . they stare at each other . she walk towards the phone . he go to cut she off . she try to break through . he physically pull she away from the phone . she break free and turn on he , very angry . just then , shyama enter the house . varun immediately pull out he gun and point it at she . she stare at the gun in shock . look at pakhi , who 's look at varun , breathe hard . silence . shyama take a step towards the open door behind she . varun darwaaza band kar do shyama ... shyama stand there , freeze , look at the gun in varun 's hand . lootera shoot draft vl pg 88 varun aap band kar rahe ho ya main kar doon ? shyama shut the door . varun Police vaalon not roka tumhe , kuch poocha tumse ? no reply . varun koi savaal kiya , mere baare mein ? shyama nahin ... varun mujhe bahlaane ki koshish mat karna . pakhi ( cut in ) tumhaari tarah vah jhoot nahin bolti . varun look at pakhi , then back at shyama . shyama aapki tasveer saare bazaar mein lagi hai . aapko dhoonda jaa raha hai . ek havaldar ki hatya ka aarop hai aap pe ... vah kah rahe hain ki aap not apne dost ko bhi maara ... pakhi look at he . pakhi tum not Deb ko maar dala ? he put the gun down . look at pakhi . shyama aapko dekhte hi goli maar dene ka aadesh hai ... pakhi turn and walk off towards the room . shyama ( to varun ) kaun ho aap ? pakhi turn at the door . pakhi yah bhagwaan vishnu ke avataar hai shyama ... inke das roop aur naam hai ... she walk in . varun follow she . lootera shoot draft vl pg 89 varun Maine Deb ko jaanbooch ke nahin maara . vah mera dost tha , mere bhai jaisa . pakhi aur vah hawaldar ? varun vah mujhpe goli chala rahe the . Main unpe . uss ek hawaldar ko goli lagi vah marr gaya ... pakhi do not say anything . varun Main chor hoon . hatyara nahin ... pakhi mujhe tumhaari kissi baat pe vishwaa nahin hota varun ... varun Main sach bol raha hoon ... pakhi uss samay bhi sach bol sakte the , bahut kuch bach jaata ... varun tum to to mujhe jaanti ho pakhi , to mere baare mein . pakhi hahn , mujhe to tumhaara asli naam bhi nahin pata ... varun Deb , bajpai uncle ... main unko dhokha nahin de sakta tha . unhone paala hai mujhe , main aur Deb paida hue the , tab se ... tumhaare liye unka vishwaa uthaakar taalaab mein nahin dooba sakta tha ... pakhi mera vishwaa dooba sakte the , mere pyaar ko dhokha de sakte the ... varun tumhe samajh mein nahin aayega , tumne kuch dekha hi nahin hai ... chaardeewaari mein , aisho-aaraam mein rahi ho saari zindagi ... tumhaari samajh mein nahin aayega ... he walk out of the room , straight into shyama hold he gun to he face . he look at she . 183 184 lootera shoot draft vl pg 90 varun khaali hai ... shyama pull the trigger . it click . varun doesnt flinch . he take he gun from she hand . show she the barrel . varun Le jaayiye usse apne saath ... rakh leejiye ... masala kootne ke kaam aayega ... he walk out of the door . ext . pakhi' cottage -- day 183 varun come out to the gate of the cottage , look down the path . nobody there . he come back into the house . int . pakhi' cottage -- day 184 shyama stand with pakhi . shyama didi police ko telephone kar doon ? pakhi tum apna kaam karo shyama ... shyama aap kaahe usse bacha rahi hai ? pahle se jaanti hai ? pakhi hahn ... tum jaao ... shyama lekin ... pakhi ye mera kuch nahin bigaad sakte ... shyama look at pakhi , walk out . pass varun who make he way to the telephone , dial a number . while he wait for someone to answer he look inside pakhi 's room , see she sit at the desk , look out of the window . and it 's then that he notice the Zamindar 's photo . he keep look at it . a man pick up the phone . varun nandan ... varun bol raha hoon ... lootera shoot draft vl pg 91 nandan varun ... jahaan bhi ho gaayab ho jaao . Police not sabko pakad liya hai , poora giroh khatam ho gaya hai ... varun nandan ... nandan ... Deb mar gaya hai . mujhe bhi goli lagi hui hai .. mujhe yahaan se nikaalo ... bajpai uncle phone nahin utha rahe ... nandan bajpai uncle pakde gaye ... varun be silent . nandan carry on . nandan Ram aur gupta ji ko to goli mar di hai ... lucknow mein , rai bareilly mein , bastar mein , har koi pakda gaya hai ... inko sab kuch pata tha ... varun mujhe yahaan se nikaalo nandan ... nandan kal milo mujhe lakkadmandi mein , subah aath baje ... varun theek hai . nandan samay se pahunch jaana . Main ek minute intezaar karoonga bas ... abhi ghadi milaao ... varun look at he watch . nandan abhi baj rahe hain saat taintee ... CUT to : varun hang up the phone . turn and look towards pakhi 's room . she 's look at the tree . he slowly walk into pakhi 's room . varun Main kal chala jaoonga ... she do not say anything . 185 lootera shoot draft vl pg 92 varun aaj raat yahin rukoonga ... tum chaaho to police to phone kar sakti ho ... pakhi mujhe yadi phone karna hoga to tumse poochne ki zaroorat nahin hai ... varun Main bas kah raha hoon ... pakhi Mat kaho ... silence . varun Zamindar babu ... pakhi ( cut in ) guzar gaye ... varun kaise ? pakhi tumne unhe maar daala . jaise tumne Deb ko maara ... tumhaari galti nahin thi ... varun look at she . varun mujhe ... pakhi tumhe unki maut ka koi afso nahin . he do not say anything . turn around and walk out , shutting the door behind he . as soon as the door close , pakhi 's composure collapse and she burst into tear . varun stand outside the door and listen to she cry . his eye meet shyama 's . he walk out of the door . int . cottage outhouse -- day 185 varun lie in bed , stare at the ceiling . the door open and shyama come in with a tray . he sit up . 186 lootera shoot draft vl pg 93 shyama khaana ... didi not nahin bheja hai , hum khud laaye hain ... varun smile at she . shyama hum ghar jaa rahe hain . Police ko kuch nahin bataayenge ... bas aap didi ko kuch mat karna ... varun nod . shyama leave . Music ... int . pakhi' cottage -- evening 186 sit at the desk , write furiously . varun watch she from the door . pakhi ( v.o. ) sab kuch peeche chhodkar aayi thi main yahaan , sab bhool jaane ... pata nahin kyon tum vaapas a gaye aur pata nahin kyon maine aane diya ... kyon jab tum so rahe hote ho to main gala ghont ke maar nahin daalti... mazaa a raha hai tumhe dekh kar ki main kis haalat mein hoon ... she look up at the tree . pakhi ( v.o. ) vah ped dekh rahe ho ... later : in the room . pakhi be sleep . varun read what she have write . the last light of day outside the window . pakhi ( v.o. ) usse raat din taakti rahti hoon jaise vah koi tota ho ... meri zindagi hai ... roz uske patte girte hue dekhti rahti hoon ... varun look at the tree . later : it 's night now . varun sit on the floor , lean against a wall , watch pakhi sleep . pakhi ( v.o . ) jis din vah ped nanga hua aur jis waqt uski aakhri patti girri , main ( more ) 187 188 189 190 lootera shoot draft vl pg 94 pakhi ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) apni aakhri saan loongi ... yahaan iss haalat mein la chhoda hai tumne mujhe ... later : the first light of the morning . pakhi 's awake . she hear varun get up and walk out of the room . pakhi ( v.o. ) yah jaankar shaayad thodi sharam aaye tumhe jeene mein ... lekin mujhe pata hai tumhe kya farak padhta hai ... tum usse bhi apne aap ko chhupa loge ... pakhi turn to look at the door . varun 's go . ext . cottage outhouse -- morning 187 varun step out with he bag . he look at the tree , still shed leave . he start walk , towards the gate . int . pakhi' cottage -- morning 188 pakhi hear the tinkling of the gate bell . she close she eye . song # 3 begin ... ext . forest lane -- morning 189 varun walk through the forest path , now totally cover with snow . the song echoe the thought in he head . he hold the wound at he side . grimace as he walk . he walk on , troubled , think , and come to a group of cottage , all abandon . everyone have leave for the winter . in the distance stand a man , look at he watch . it 's nandan , or the man we know as biswajeet Roy . int . pakhi' cottage -- morning 190 pakhi look at the tree . we realise that this be the very first visual of the film . the leaf break off the tree and float to the ground . pakhi watch it all the way . as it hit the ground ... 191 192 193 194 195 lootera shoot draft vl pg 95 ext . forest lane -- morning 191 varun slow down , contemplative . after a few more step , he stop in the middle of the road , he head hang . he look back towards the way he come . then look at the path to freedom , at nandan wait . he think for a few second , then turn around and walk back . the song reach a crescendo and end as ... int . pakhi' cottage -- morning 192 varun walk into the room , look at pakhi 's back . varun baahar abhi bhi bahut garam hai .. mujhe kuch din aur yahaan rehna padega ... she do not reply . he walk into the kitchen , pour water into a utensil . look around , see the stove , start pump it . pakhi hear the sound . varun light a fire . later : he bring she a cup of tea . varun chai ... she do not look at he . ext . pakhi' cottage -- evening 193 a snowstorm in progress . snow swirl around . the wind blow ominously . int . pakhi' cottage -- evening 194 pakhi lie in bed , asleep and shiver . varun walk in and see she . he see the tea lie cold and untouched . he look at the fireplace . no fire . ext . pakhi' cottage -- evening 195 varun come out , hold he coat tight around himself . 196 197 lootera shoot draft vl pg 96 he walk around the cottage till he see a pile of firewood . holding the axe keep next to the pile , he lift it , and then put it down , groan in pain and hold he side . take a few deep breath , he grab the handle of the axe , and with a massive effort and a roar , smashes the axe down on the wood . int . pakhi' cottage -- evening 196 varun come inside the cottage with the wood . he place it near the fireplace and come to pakhi again . she 's still shiver . he touch she forehead . pull he hand away and look at she face . later : the fire burn . varun sit by pakhi 's bedside . he dip a cloth in water and put it on she forehead . int . pakhi' cottage -- morning 197 the tree have a few leave remain . pakhi sit on she chair , look at the tree . varun walk up to she with tea again . he give it to she . she shake she head . he try again . she throw it across the room . it smashes against a wall . he look at she . pakhi mukhe tumhaari chai nahin peeni ... varun to kya karna hai ? marna hai ? pakhi hahn marna hai ... tum jaao yahaan se aur mujhe marne do shaanti se ... varun shyama ke hote hue shaanti se marna mushkil hoga ... he go to pick up the break piece . pakhi kya jataane ki koshish kar rahe ho tum ? varun kuch nahin ... pakhi jab karna chahiye tha tab ... lootera shoot draft vl pg 97 varun bhaag gaya tha ... aur log the tumhaare chaaron taraf ... pakhi mujhe pata hai tumhe kya chahiye ... varun kya ? pakhi ek baar se mann nahin bhara phir se ... varun ( cut in ) kya karoon ... tum to hi itni haseen ... pakhi ( get angry ) Main mazak nahin kar rahi hoon . varun mujhe to aata hi nahin mazaak karna ... pakhi tum jaao yahaan se . varun pakhi . pakhi ( scream ) mera naam mat lo ... varun cheekho mat malkin ... vaapas daura pad jaayega . pakhi yahi to chahte ho tum , ki mujhe daura pad jaaye .. she cough . varun dekha ... pakhi tum ... varun chhup ! she wheeze , the familiar sound of a impending asthma attack . 198 199 200 lootera shoot draft vl pg 98 varun walk towards she . she put a hand out to stop he , and look at he through huge wheeze breath , defiant . he look at she , get angry while she breathe get worse , then start rummage through the room for she medicine . he open a drawer and find the syringe . he load it and come towards she . she try to fight he off . he grab she arm but she still struggle , breathe heavily all the time . finally grab both she arm in one hand , he give she the shot in the arm , and hold she while she breathe come back to normal . she shake he off and slump in bed . he sit on the floor against a wall , hold he injure side . they look at each other , she with hatred , he with anger . the phone begin ringing , but neither of they make any move to answer it . it ring on a few time , then stop . int . pakhi' cottage -- day 198 pakhi lie in bed . varun sit against the wall . the anger still simmer . pakhi kabhi kabhi to sochti hoon tumhe jaan se maar daaloon ... itni nafrat hoti hai mujhe tumse ... lekin itni taakat nahin bachi hai mujh mein ... mujhe bas ab mukti chahiye varun ... tumse , apne aap se , iss zindagi se ... sabse ... varun watch she . she watch the tree . ext . pakhi' cottage -- evening 199 varun raise the axe to cut wood . after a few chop , he take a break and look at the tree . a handful of leave leave . he keep watch the tree . int . pakhi' cottage -- night 200 pakhi sleep , shiver . varun rummages through he bag . find what he want , he zip it up and walk out of the door into the darkness . 201 202 lootera shoot draft vl pg 99 we move towards the fireplace . the fire burn . int . pakhi' cottage -- night 201 we move away from the fireplace as varun put another log into it . he sit next to the fireplace and warm he hand . his hair and clothes be wet . he turn to look at pakhi . she sleep . he lift he shirt and look at he side . blood seep through the bandage . int . police station -- night 202 kn Singh talk on the phone . kn singh mujhe pata hai namita , bhagwat ki chhuttiyan chal rahi hai ... kya karoon ... nahin mujhe usse nahin baat karni ... hello ... he pause . kn singh hahn bete , kaise ho ? Main dalhousie mein hoon ... nahin tum yahaan nahin a sakte ... main yahaan kyon hoon ? he smile . CUT to : kn Singh watch the photo of varun put up on the wall . the Inspector stand behind he . inspector aap so jaao ... kn singh sota hoon to sapne mein aata hai ... chidhaata hai saala ... tum so jaao , main jaga hoon ... inspector usse goli lagi hai , ho sakta hai mar gaya go . kn singh marega to kissi to kissi ko to dikhega ... aur yadi kissi aise jagah mara hai jahaan dikh nahin sakta to insaani shaeer hai ... marta ha to sadta hai ... sadta ha to badboo aati hai ... 203 lootera shoot draft vl pg 100 inspector hahn lekin baraf bhi to gir rahi hai . usmein boo nahin aati ... kn Singh look at the inspector . suddenly , the power go . int . pakhi' cottage -- night 203 varun light a candle and sit propped against the wall . pakhi lie in bed , she back to he . pakhi tumne kabhi bhi mujhse pyaar kiya tha ? he do not reply . pakhi mere saath hi aisa kyon kiya ? varun jaanbooch ke kuch nahin kiya maine ... she wait . varun Main jab manikpur aaya tha mujhe nahin pata tha tumse takkar hogi ... jab pahli baar tumhe dekha tha to thodi der ke liye laga tha main Mar gaya hoon ... insert : varun lie in the ditch . open he eye . pakhi. varun phir mujhe nahin pata tha tum Zamindar babu ki beti niklogi . insert : varun watch pakhi come down the stair . varun Main chori karne aaya tha ... aur parivar mein ghusna isiliye pada kyonki pata karna tha kya kya hai jo chori kiya ja sakta hai ... ye mera kaam hai ... ( pause ) tha ... insert : varun read poetry with pakhi . Painting class . hand touch . the painting , complete . varun jab maine dekha ki tum mujhse pyaar karne lagi ho to maine kayee baar rokne ki koshish ki ... 204 lootera shoot draft vl pg 101 insert : varun and pakhi fight at the temple site . pakhi cry . varun watch the window . varun lekin nahin roka gaya ... insert : they make love . varun phir bajpai uncle to pata chala ... unhone ... insert : bajpai talk to varun near the car . varun bola main kaun hoon , kya karta hoon ... tumhe pata chala to tum kya phir bhi pyaar kar sakogi ... pakhi look at he . pakhi tumne abhi bhi mere savaal ka jawaab nahin diya ... tumne kabhi bhi mujhse pyaar kiya tha ? he look away , do not answer . later : varun apply the cold compress to pakhi 's forehead . the phone start ringing . varun look at it . when he look at pakhi , she eye be open . they look at each other . she close she eye . he put the cold compress on she forehead . she take it off , hand it back to he and turn around . he put the cloth back in the bowl and walk out . she watch he go . the phone keep ringing . int . pakhi' cottage -- morning 204 the window of the cottage , frost over . pakhi walk towards it and wipe the pane . she look outside . the tree have a single leaf leave . Music ... she keep watch it , try to make sense of what it mean . 205 206 lootera shoot draft vl pg 102 she come out of she room to the kitchen and see varun outside the house , stand by the log of wood , he back to she . ext . pakhi' cottage -- varun lean on the log do not see . he hear a sound behind drop the paintbrush pocket . pakhi look at he . he a gentle breeze blow . continuous 205 of wood , painting something we he and immediately turn around , and put something in he look back at she . the snow have stop . before she can say anything , both of they hear the gate bell tinkle . int . pakhi' cottage -- morning 206 pakhi look out of she door and see kn Singh walk up , two policeman alongside . she look to the back door . no sign of varun . kn Singh step on the porch and look at pakhi . kn singh andar a sakta hoon ? she open the door . he he look at she . enter . kn singh Main seedha kaam ki baat par aata hoon ... pakhi ji ... kn singh aap not usse dekha ? ya milli ? pakhi kisse ? kn singh varun ... pakhi Main usse kyon miloongi ? hahn , aapne bola tha vah aane vaala hai ... aaya nahin ... guesthouse khaali hai ... board abhi bhi baahar laga hai ... lootera shoot draft vl pg 103 kn singh phir bhi vah aapke guesthouse mein rah raha tha ... pakhi nahin ... she do not reply . they stare at each other . he walk towards the back door . he stop . kn singh Main andar dekh sakta hoon ? pakhi warrant hai aapke paa ? kn singh abhi to nahin hai ... kal laakar dikha sakta hoon ... pakhi to phir kal hi aayiyega Singh sahab andar dekhne ... they look at each other for a while . kn singh aap usse bachaane ki koshish kyon kar rahi hain ? pakhi Main kissi ko bachaane ki koshish nahin kar rahi hoon ... kn singh ye vahi aadmi hai jiski vajah se aapke pitaji ki maut hui , aur hamaare ek havaldaar ki ... goli maar ke hatya ki hai usne ... pakhi do not reply . kn singh jiss din pakda jaayega ya to usse phaansi par latka denge ya utha kar jail mein phenk denge , baaki saaari zindagi ke liye ... kn Singh walk to the door . kn singh kal main vaapas aaoonga warrant ke saath , aur dus police vaale bhi honge mere saath ... jinko main baahar chhodkar jaa raha hoon ... agar usne raat ko yahaan se bhaagne ki koshish ki to ye usse goli maar ( more ) 207 lootera shoot draft vl pg 104 kn singh ( cont 'd ) denge , nahin to kal main maar doonga ... he turn at the door . kn singh agar vah zinda milla to ... pakhi kya matlab ? kn singh Ho sakta uss raat jo goli maine usse maari ho ussi se mar gaya ho ... he look pakhi in the eye . she do not flinch . pakhi dhanyavaad Singh sahab ... Main jaakar aaraam karoon ? meri tabiyat theek nahin hai ... kn Singh walk out . pakhi come to the door and watch he walk away down the path , very angry and very determine . int . pakhi' cottage -- day 207 pakhi stare at the tree . varun enter the room , walk towards the window and sit behind she . she look at he . pakhi tumne mujhe bataya kyon nahin ki tumhe goli lagi huyi hai ? he smile . she do not say anything . varun mera asli naam pata hai kya hai ? pakhi kya ? varun atmanand tripathi ... he smile . and she smile too , for the first time in a long while . he keep look at she smile . after a while she smile fade . lootera shoot draft vl pg 105 varun hanste hue achchi lagti ho ... pakhi vah kn Singh tumhe maar daalega ... varun Deb hota to pata hai kya kehte ? pakhi kya ? varun aisa koi kn Singh ya Rahman paida nahin hua jo dev anand ka baal bhi baanka kar sake ... pakhi tum dev anand nahin ho ... varun vah mujhe choo bhi nahin paayega ... isse bid bid chakravyuhon se nikla hoon ... pakhi vah kal warrant le kar a raha hai ... varun Main raat ko chala jaoonga . she look at he , then turn away to hide the come tear . pakhi kahaan jaaoge ? varun pata nahin ... chandratal ... pakhi aur phir ? vaapas apni duniya mein ? varun meri duniya to khatam ho chuki hai ... koshish karoonga tumhaari duniya mein aane ki ... they look at each other . she look away . varun mujhse moonh mat modo pakhi ... she do not look at he , walk away . he come to she , sit in front of she . varun meri taraf dekho ... lootera shoot draft vl pg 106 he force she to look in he eye . varun mujhe pata hai tumhe meri kissi baat pe vishwaa nahin hai ... lekin aaj main jhoot nahin bol raha hoon ... maine tumhaare aur Zamindar babu ke saath jo kiya uske liye kabhi khud ko maaf nahin kar sakta ... vah hak sirf tumhaara hai ... lekin main nafrat karta hoon apne aap se . aur shayad jab tak jeeyoonga tab tak karta rahoonga ... she look at he , tear in she eye . pakhi tumne kabhi mujhse pyaar kiya tha ya nahin varun ? varun kiya tha , bahut kiya tha ... abhi bhi karta hoon ... tum ek iklauta mauka thi meri zindagi mein jeene ka jo maine gava diya ... meri zindagi mein sabne mujhe istemaal kiya hai ... pyaar sirf tumne kiya , izzat sirf Zamindar babu not di ... aur uski keemat nahin chuka paaya ... he take she hand in he . she do not protest . varun jo tum ji rahi ho yahaan vah tumhaari zindagi nahin hai ... uss aakhri ek patte ke saath zindagi jodkar rakhi hai , jo sahi nahin hai ... vah tumhaara tota nahin hai ... she look at he . pakhi aur agar vah aakhri patti gir gayi to ? varun nahin giregi ... pakhi kiske liye jiyoon main ? varun apne liye ... tum likhna chahti ho to ... tum bahut khoobsoorat likhti ho ... likho , bataao duniya ko ki kaise ehsaan faramosh log bhi hain unke beech ... tear roll out of pakhi 's eye . 208 209 lootera shoot draft vl pg 107 pakhi Main akele nahin rah sakti varun ... varun embrace she . varun tum kabhi akele nahin rahogi ... yah mera vaada hai ... she tighten the embrace . they keep hold each other . pakhi look out of the window and see the single leaf , hold on . Music ... int . pakhi' cottage -- night 208 sitting next to she on the bed , varun watch pakhi sleep . he get up after a while and go to the bathroom , lean over the sink and cough . he hold he side , grimace from the pain . CUT to : varun caress pakhi 's hair gently . she hold he hand . he smile . the first light of morning break through the frost window . slowly , varun disengage he hand from she grip . she sleep on like a baby . he reach into he pocket and take out the photograph of they from the temple site and place it on she desk . then he walk out of the room , watch she all the time . at the door , he take one last look , and finally step out . ext . pakhi' cottage -- morning 209 snow fall outside . varun huddle under he jacket and step out on the porch . he look at the tree . his Pov : completely bare . the last leaf have fall . he smile to himself and reach into he jacket pocket . he take out a paint leaf . song # 4 begin . intercut with the police marshall they force for the final showdown . lootera shoot draft vl pg 108 varun walk around the house and from behind the pile of wood , he remove a wooden ladder . he carry it towards the tree . snow begin to fall harder . varun place the ladder against the tree trunk and slowly climb up the tree , till he reach a branch . he take the paint leaf , and some string . we see other , older piece of string on the tree . varun start to tie the paint leaf around the branch of the tree . the snow fall harder , the wind get stronger . the leaf flutter and fly off . varun reach he hand out and grab the leaf . the ladder fall away . he hang onto the brach with one hand , slamm into the tree trunk . he want to shout out in pain , but can not . blood fall on the snow . the police gather at the end of the lane , lead by kn Singh . with a mighty pull , varun climb onto the trunk of the tree and reach further onto the branch . he reach further onto the branch . the wood dig into he side . he grimace in pain but do not stop . blood seep all the way out to he jacket . he tie the leaf around the branch with he last bit of strength , then let go . he fall to the ground , hit the snow , injure himself even more . the wind swirl , the snow fall . but the leaf hang on . varun get up look at the tree , then notice a very weak and watery sun on the horizon , the first time we have see it in a while . he smile and start walk out of the gate . he walk on the forest path , bent over in pain . he look up , and see the police at the end of the lane , gun point towards he . he keep walk , look they in the eye . then take out the gun he have , hold it in he hand . kn Singh tap a policeman on the shoulder . he fire . varun take a bullet in the chest . slump to he knee . his breath come out in spurt , frost . 210 211 212 213 214 lootera shoot draft vl pg 109 after a while , he slump to the ground . his breath stop . ext . pakhi' cottage -- morning the sun break through the cloud . int . pakhi' cottage -- morning pakhi wake up . she walk through the house , look for varun , know that he will not be there . ext . forest lane -- morning kn Singh come to varun 's dead body , look at it . he pick up varun 's gun and look through it . it 's empty . int . pakhi' cottage -- morning pakhi walk to the window and wipe the frost off the pane , keep look in amazement and smile . the single leaf flutter in the sunlight . ext . pakhi' cottage -- morning pakhi walk out on the porch , see the sunlight melting the snow . she take a deep breath , walk towards the tree . she stand under the tree and look at the leaf . and keep look . it 's then she notice that the leaf be paint . kn Singh come up behind she . kn singh Ms. roychowdhury ... pakhi turn to he , tear in she eye , smile . pakhi vah bhaag gaya Singh sahab ... kn Singh look at she smile face and slowly nod . kn singh mujhe pata hai ... she smile wider and then look back at the tree . pakhi aapko pata hai ... vah painter banna chahta tha ... aur usse pattiyan banana bhi nahin aata tha ... he look at she . 210 211 212 213 214 215 216 217 lootera shoot draft vl pg 110 pakhi usne aakhirkaar apna masterpiece bana hi diya ... the paint leaf flutter . she keep look at it . int . pakhi' cottage -- day 215 pakhi write on sheet of paper , furiously . shyama enter , see pakhi write . she 's about to go into the kitchen . pakhi ( without stop ) shyama ... shyama hahn didi ... pakhi bhook lagi hai ... shyama try not to cry , run into the kitchen . pakhi write on . pakhi ( v.o. ) pata nahin vah kahaan chala gaya tha ... ext . chandratal -- day 216 pakhi walk towards a beautiful blue lake , surround by mountain . pakhi ( v.o. ) pata nahin vah yahaan chandratal pe kab aayega ... lekin mujhe pata hai ... she sit at the edge of the lake , look around . pakhi ( v.o. ) ek din vah aayega , aur hum zaroor milenge ... kyonki main yahaan baithi uska intezaar kar rahi hoon ... on she face , she hair tousle by the breeze . CUT to : ext . pakhi' cottage -- day 217 the tree in full bloom . Green grass all around . the sun shine bright . and nestle among the green leave , one paint leaf ... the end