title sequence as the credit run , we intercut the follow two sequence : ext . nevada desert - idol - day a slow drift through a collection of crudely construct , surreal , six - foot tall " idol . " like modern demon . grotesque . disturb . we lap dissolve between detail of they twisted anatomy : headlamp eye , bright metal claw , break glass tooth . ext . nevada road - desert - day two vehicle , one a volkswagen " bus " decorate with stylize flame , the other a ' 66 thunderbird , speed along a series of eerily empty desert road , somewhere in a wilderness of sand and heat . end credit . CUT wide to ; ext . nevada desert - day a violent wind howl around , but through the sand we-can just make out a large , ominous building : the house of William nix . its wall be white - wash and scrawle with graffiti . the " family " of idol surround the doorway , guard it . on screen , the word : ' " nevada - thirteen year ago " ext . nix be house - day we be at the front door now , which stand open . lean against the door-frame be a scrawny , wild - eye youth , about sixteen . his name be butterfield . he 's get a brood , almost sultry look on he face . one of he eye be black , the other milky blue . he 's whittling something with a scalpel . distantly , the sound of car engine . butterfield narrow he eye . butterfield be p.o.v. the volkswagen " bus " and thunderbird be approach the house . butterfield ( softly ) swann ...? he turn from the door . in he haste he drop the wood he 's whittling . he 's be carve a death' head . int . nix be house - room and corridor - day the house no longer serve any domestic function . it have become the temple and dormitory of nix 's small apocalyptic cult . as we go through the house with butterfield we glimpse a little of what life here be like . the room be murky , and chaotic . the wall , painted with scene of city and landscape burning , and creature from some unspeakable nightmare attacking , raping , and devouring helpless humanity . the atmosphere be joyless , and oppressive . the passage become progressively darker as the boy make he way to the heart of the house . only oil lamp , set on the floor , light this claustrophobic corridor . butterfield master ? int . nix be house - meditation room - day a dozen cultist sit cross -legge on the floor in front of they leader , william nix . his black hair grow to he shoulder . his eye be deep and glitter , he voice seductive . a terrifying yet charismatic presence . all the cultist - who be a cross-section of obsessive - wear the same simple t-shirt , paint with the cult 's sigil . they watch nix in adoration . as nix speak , he juggle a flame , pass it from hand to hand with casual ease ... nix and the fire say to I : nix , nix , you be my instrument . from now on , you will be call the puritan ... cultist ( murmure ) puritan ... nix you will find a few good man and woman , and together , together you will cleanse the world . cultist yes ... butterfield enter . butterfield master ? nix look up . butterfield swann 's here . nix rise , smile . nix ( to cultist ) we will come back to this . get about you business . as the cultist disperse , nix and butterfield exit into int . nix be house - sanctum - day a place of nightmare . hanging from the middle of the ceiling be another grotesque sculpture , three time the bulk of a large man , and make of metal , fly-blown animal part and knotted rope . it be vaguely cruciform , but its sway , creak bulk be not even faintly Christian . it be a perverse , sicken image , evoke insanity and agony . from the shadow in the corner , we hear a young girl 's soft sobbing . nix hush ... nix go to the girl . she be twelve ; beautiful , blonde , and presently in a state of mortal fear . she sit , bound , in a fetal position , she face soak with sweat and tear , she mouth bloodied , she cheek bruise . nix I say hush . girl please . let I go . from the opposite corner the screech of nix 's pet baboon . nix go to it . the animal be large and lethal . nix ( to baboon ) what be it ? the baboon pull on its chain , stare at the girl and bare its tooth as it screech . nix ( to girl ) I think he 's in love . he unshackle the baboon . the animal pad toward the girl , trail its chain . girl keep it away from I . nix catch hold of its chain . hold it back . the baboon start screeching again , scrabbling at the girl , its nail catch she arm and leg , draw blood . girl please ... please ... nix watch she terror dispassionately . butterfield ( also watch , wide - eye ) want I to shoot swann ? nix you do not like he , do you ? butterfield he want you magic . nix maybe . go fetch he . butterfield exit . nix advance on the girl . girl what be you go to do ? CUT to : ext . nix be house - desert - day the two vehicle come to a halt outside nix 's house . from the thunderbird step philip swann , a nineteen - year - old with shoulder - length hair and brilliant blue eye . he 's not conventionally handsome , but he 's certainly strike . from the passenger seat step caspar quaid , a black man , studious and intense . from the bus emerge murray pimm , skinny and jittery , and jennifer desiderio , a woman with a steely gaze . swann ( to all three ) be we ready ? jennifer ( cool ) say the word . pimm ( very nervous ) look , maybe we should think this over . on swann , as he bring from he car three very bizarre piece of metalwork . we get only a tantalize glimpse of they , as he slip they into he pocket . swann no . he 's go too far . pimm so he take a child . jennifer he will kill she . pimm no he will not . swann ( determine ) he 's not go to get the chance . Quaid check a gun , then slip it into he belt . quaid if he get in we fuck head he will drive we crazy . swann so stay out here . swann start towards the House . Jennifer be the first to follow , with the other two on she heel . int . nix be house - hallway - day butterfield come to the door , as swann step inside . butterfield he 's expect you . behind swann , Quaid and pimm exchange nervous look . swann ( to other ) look around . if you find ' the child , yell . she 's get blonde hair , that 's all I know . butterfield turn away , smile to himself . swann follow he . int . nix be house - " meditation " room - day Quaid look into a large circular room where five cultist ( three man and two woman ) still sit . one of the woman be breast - feed a baby . 1st man hey , Quaid . I think you say you be not come back . quaid I change my mind . 1st woman come and join we . she smile a crazy smile . reaches out for Quaid . a snake appear from around the back of she neck . Quaid recoil . and now we see that there be snake everywhere . in the cultist ' clothes and hair . even on the baby . Quaid turn away . and - shock ! - there 's a snake on the door frame , wind around he hand . he strike it to the ground , and drive he heel down on its head . snake -handler cultist ( angry ) do not do that ! the snake - handler get up . Quaid retreat from the door . snake - handler pick up the dead snake and , lift it above he head , dribble its blood onto he face . int . nix be house - " bedroom " - day Jennifer enter a gloomy room . she go to a mattress where a blonde girl lie with she bare back to we . jennifer do not be afraid . the blonde girl , barbara , turn over . she have a dirty cloth press to a wound between she breast . it be not the girl , of course . she stare up at Jennifer , clearly drugge . barbara I be not ... want to see ? she pull the cloth away . she have carve the cult sigil into she flesh . the bloody knife lie beside she . Jennifer retreat to the door , and exit back out into -- int . nix be house - passageway - day pimm be stand against the wall , clutching a crucifix . he be ashen with terror . Jennifer snatch the crucifix from he white - knuckle finger . pimm he 's go to kill we all ... jennifer where do swann go ? pimm point down the passageway towards nix 's room . int . nix be house - passageway outside nix be sanctum - day swann wipe sweat from he upper lip , then reach down to he belt , to check the gun tuck out of sight at he side . he turn the door handle . int . nix be house - sanctum - day swann step inside . nix 's chair have its back to he . the fold of nix 's robe be visible , however . swann hear a muffle sobbing from the far side of the room . on the girl , now gag and lie amongst bone and filth . swann start towards she , he footstep barely audible . as he approach the chair - the baboon leap at he screeching ! he reach for he gun . the chair topple . the baboon , half dress in nix 's robe , bound towards swann . swann fire at it . the bullet blast off half its head . int . nix be house - passageway - day on Quaid , who draw he gun as three cultist appear in the passageway that lead to nix 's sanctum . quaid stay the fuck away ! ( yell ) pimm ! get over here ! int . nix be house - sanctum - day pan up from the twitching baboon corpse to swann as he struggle with the girl 's gag . he have laid he gun on the ground beside she . swann you be go to be okay . out of focus , behind he , the cruciform sculpture swing round . nix be hang on it , like a idol on a grotesque altarpiece . the girl see nix over swann 's shoulder . terror cross she face . swann turn . nix I know you would come . he reach down to swann . nix I have get so much power to give you , swann . all you have to do be ... beg . swann fuck you . nix you do not think I have get it to give ? swann no ! suddenly . nix swoops down on swann . apparently defy gravity . nix you be wrong . he catch hold of swann with one hand and drive he back against the wall . nix I could eat you fuck soul , swann . int . nix be house - passageway - day Jennifer , reach the door of the sanctum . butterfield step from the shadow . his knife flash as it strike Jennifer 's hand . blood spurt . jennifer fuck ! she retreat , staunch she bleed hand . int . nix be house - sanctum - day nix have swann trap against the wall and be work he finger against swann 's temple . work , work , like a psychic surgeon ply against the belly of a patient . nix you want to know what the world really look like ? swann struggle , but he can not get free of nix 's hold . and now -- horribly -- nix 's finger slide beneath the skin of swann 's temple , without a drop of blood be spilt . nix want to see flesh with a god 's eye ? swann scream as nix 's mind - hold seize he . int . nix be house - passageway - day Quaid level he gun at butterfield , who be guard the sanctum door . Jennifer be at Quaid 's side . swann ( v.o. ) aah ! quaid get away from the door ! butterfield shake he head . Quaid fire . the bullet . strike the wall beside butterfield 's head . he retreat , growl like a rabid animal . Quaid kick the sanctum door open , and enter . int . nix be house - sanctum - day quaid swann ? nix ( to Quaid ) here he be . swann stumble into the middle of the room , the white of he eye blood -re . nix take a look , swann ! this be you friend . on swann , reeling like a drunkard as he look up at Quaid and Jennifer . jennifer ( v.o. ) what have you do to he ? swann' p.o.v. of Quaid and Jennifer . to swann 's eye , they face seem to be morphing . they humanity be melting away . what 's leave be like a jellyfish with black , soulless eye : primeval muck . quaid ( v.o. ) swann . it 's okay . Quaid reach for swann , who retreat in horror , shaking he head violently . swann do not touch I . he 's get ... get into my head . nix you want to be like that , swann ? mud and shit ? swann turn away from Quaid and Jennifer in disgust . swann be p.o.v. of nix , he arm outstretch in welcome . his face have a aura of pulsing light . nix come here . share the power . on a gun , levele . . we do not see by whom . the trigger be pull . the bullet strike nix 's back and explode out of he chest . on swann , stare at nix . swann be p.o.v. of nix , as the aura of light die . just for a moment - a terrible moment - swann glimpsis something else . morphing out of nix 's feature . a nightmare face with wave of darkness emanate from the middle of its forehead . swann cover he eye . nix ( raging , terrifying ) swann ! swann ! nix stagger , let out a ungodly howl , and drop to he knee , clutching the wound . as he fall , he reveal the ashen girl , who be still hold swann 's smoking gun . nix ( a roar ) help I ! swann shake he head , ridding himself of nix 's mind - control . swann Jesus - int . nix be house - passageway outside sanctum - day pinon stand guard , he gun point on several cultist . 1st cultist ( with distress confidence ) you can not kill he . 2 nd cultist he will just rise up again ! int . nix be house - sanctum - day on nix , do just that : rise up . right hand clamp to he bloody chest , leave hand reach for swann . nix help I ! Quaid fire at he again . strike he shoulder . and again . strike he leg . nix collapse to the ground , jennifer quickly ! they have come prepare for this . swann now take from he jacket the three strange piece of metalwork . there be screws in then all . nix ( see ) swann ? what be you do ? swann bind you . he clamp one of the piece over nix 's eye . it fit like a eyeless mask . nix thrashes and scream . swann lay he hand on the side of the mask , and '' like magic -- he touch make the screw tighten of they own accord , grind into nix 's flesh and bone with a gut - wrenching SOUND . blood run from the screw-hole . nix fuck you , swann ! fuck you ! now the second piece , over he mouth . nix sw— he 's silence . the piece screw itself into-his head , like the first . and now come the third and final piece : over the nose and into the ear . again , it screw itself into place . swann have do all he can . he retreat from nix 's body , as it continue to convulse . we go from face to ashen face , as each man and woman watch and wait . why will not he die ? and now , at last the violence of nix 's death - throes diminish . nix 's body bend like a bow , arching off the ground , and with one last , terrible spasm , he die . girl ( quietly ) be it finish ? swann it 's finish . int . nix be house - passageway - day the cultist ' face slacken , as though some mental hold nix have upon they have disappear . then they start to retreat , they confidence and courage go . pimm step into the sanctum . int . nix be house - sanctum - day the five assassin , include the girl , stand around nix 's body . swann have he arm around the girl . pimm Dead ? quaid Dead . pimm what now ? swann we bury he so deep no one will ever find he . CUT to : ext . nix be . house - wide shot - dusk the wind have die away . it 's eerily calm . butterfield dash towards camera , then halt . he look back , as nix 's killer load he huge , limp corpse into the back of Murray pimm 's bus . on butterfield . he watch , with a feral look on he face . fade out fade in ext . los angele - montage - day the city look magical in the spring light , its palm and gleam tower , its river of sun - baked traffic , evoke some fantastical metropolis . this , for all its smog and congestion , be a city of exoticism and enchantment . on screen , the word : " los angele - thirteen year later " ext . stardust HOTEL - day the facade of this small HOTEL off Hollywood boulevard need a lick of paint , and the neon sign be blink fitfully , but it have a certain charm . int . stardust HOTEL - lobby - day a large deteriorate mural of hollywoodland , depict a host of 50' movie star , dominate the lobby . at the front desk - with he back to we at present - stand harry d'amour . he be have difficulty get the pretty but vacant blonde at the reception desk to comprehend he name . blonde girl how would you spell that again ? harry d.a.m.o.u.r. d'amour. Harry d'amour . blonde girl d'amour . harry right . blonde girl be not that french for something ? on the bellboy , approach Harry from the front door . bellboy mister d'amour ? harry ( to blonde ) yeah . it 's french . blonde girl for love , right ? bellboy mister d'amour ? harry ( to blonde ) right . blonde girl ( grin ) that 's so cool . bellboy mister d'amour ? Harry turn . he 's wear a wash - out grateful Dead t- shirt , a italian cut linen suit , and glass . he 's handsome , unshaven , 35 - ish , with a open easy smile . harry yeah ? bellboy you have not pay the cab . he will not give we you bag ' till you pay he . harry how much ? bellboy thirty - five buck . harry tell he he can keep they . the bellboy look puzzle . harry just kid . Harry get out he wallet and hand over four ten-dollar bill . harry I have get my life in there . int . harry HOTEL room - day on the suit-case , which be now on the bed . Harry fling it open . Inside , mingle with the clothes , a bizarre collection of item , which he toss out onto the coverlet . a gun . a crucifix . a statue of shiva , the hindu Lord of creation and destruction . on harry , as he head into the bathroom . turn on the shower . start to undress . ext . stardust HOTEL - dusk Harry , he hair still wet from he shower , step out into the sun . squint . put on sunglass . harry hello , L.A. bellboy have a nice evening , Mr. d'amour . harry you bet . ext . melrose restaurant - night Harry stand , in a shabby doorway across the street from a classy restaurant . it 's raining . on tapert , a middle - age , bald man with a very pretty woman opposite he , sit at a table close to the window . tapert make a joke ( unheard ) . the woman laugh . on harry , chew on a hamburger , as he speak into he tape recorder . harry nine-eighteen p.m . tapert 's either get a great sense of humour or he 's pay she to laugh . ( look at hamburger in disgust ) Jesus . on tapert , as he rise from the table . harry ( into tape recorder ) he 's finish . tapert exit the restaurant , and cross the street . Harry toss he half - eat hamburger away , and go to he car . ext . harry car - melrose - night Harry pull the parking ticket off the windshield , screw it up and get in . int . harry car - melrose - night harry ( into tape ) nine twenty - six p.m . he 's off again . he turn the key in the ignition . CUT to : ext . quaid be office - silverlake - night in neon blue and purple , a sign blaze in a store window . it read : tarot card and crystal reading - $ 15 special on tapert , as he hurry across the street , and through the door beside the store window . we pan off the door as Harry 's car come to a halt on the far side of the street . Harry get out of the car . stare at the sign in the window , puzzle . harry superstitious ? he start across the street . suddenly : tapert ( v.o. ) oh my God ! tapert emerge , he face white with terror . he stumble to he car , and he 's away . Harry freeze , catch between the need to follow tapert and sheer curiosity . he give in to the latter , and step inside . int . quaid be office - stairwell - night a illuminate arrow point up the stair . Harry ascend , past fade photograph of caspar Quaid with famous face . at the landing , the passageway turn ninety degree . Harry halt , and take out he gun . there 's a strange rumbling SOUND approach from round the corner . Harry chance a look . there 's a short length of passageway , lead to a open door . from the threshold a crystal ball roll towards Harry , blood - smear . this be the source of the rumbling . Harry stop the ball before it fall down the stair . Dead silence . after a beat , Harry creep towards the open door . he push it open . Inside , chaos . the fake antique furniture be splinter , the astral chart slashed . int . quaid be office - waiting room - night there be two office . in the front , a wait room , into which Harry now step . Beyond it , through a door that stand narrowly ajar , the fortune telling room . from out of the fortune telling room , a moan . quaid ( v.o. ) ahh . . . Harry cross the wait room , reach into he jacket for he gun . suddenly , a nightmarish figure leap from the shadow . his name be ray miller . he 's as crazy as a rabid dog , tooth sharpen , eye wild . nix 's sigil be tattooe on the middle of he forehead . he strike the gun from Harry 's hand and go for he throat . Harry reach out behind he , pick up a phrenologist 's bust and smashes it on Miller 's skull . Miller reel back . Harry make a dash for the door to the fortune telling room . miller fuckhead . int . quaid be office - fortune - telling room - night a mysterious , candle - light space . in the middle of the room , a table . at it sit Quaid . thirteen year older . he have be torture close to death . several small scalpel protrude from he chest and neck . his life be ebbing away . on the table in front of he , a fan of tarot card , blood-spattered . Harry race in through the open door from the wait room . harry what the fuck !? Harry pick up the phone . it 's dead . Miller charge at the door . harry shit ! Harry slam the door in Miller 's face , and lock it . as he do so , the candle flicker . Harry look up . a figure loom from the darkness behind Quaid . he 's in he late twenty : a androgynous , disturbing sight . his long hair be draw back into a pony -tail . his mismatch eye - one black , one milky blue , tell we that he be butterfield . his hand be bloody , and he carry one last scalpel . harry ( to butterfield ) do not touch he . " butterfield stroke the wound on Quaid 's cheek . Quaid sob in pain . butterfield what be you go to do about it ? Miller 's hand tear at the wood around the lock from the other side . his finger appear , scrabbling to tear the lock out . Harry do not move , or Miller will be through . butterfield ( to Harry ) ever watch a man die ? if you watch very closely , you can sometimes see the soul escape . and if you be very quick , you can catch it . quaid please ... butterfield ... I be not there . ask pimm . butterfield pimm 's dead . Jennifer desiderio 's disappear . they know the puritan be come home . as this exchange go on , Miller pull the lock out of the door and start to throw himself against it from the other side . it 's all Harry can do to keep himself from be pitch across the room . he look around for some mean of defense . there 's a crack in the drape to the leave of the table . behind it a window . butterfield so do you . you have see the future . have not you ? quaid yes . butterfield and be you afraid ? quaid yes . suddenly , Harry step aside . the door 's flung open . Miller charge in . Harry catch hold of he arm , and throws he against the drape . the window crack ; the drape come down around Miller . amber streetlight flood in . butterfield be momentarily distract . Harry strike the scalpel from he hand . Miller , meanwhile , be struggle to free himself from the fold of the drape . Harry land a solid kick to the man 's belly . Miller be thrown back against the crack window , which shatter . still wrap in the drape , he fall out . Harry turn back to arrest butterfield , but he 's already make he escape . Harry start after he . quaid ( to Harry ) do not leave I . he turn back . tear be pour down the man 's face . Harry go back to comfort Quaid , as butterfield escape down the stair . harry you need a ambulance . quaid ( in pain ) too late . why be you here ? do you cone ... up here for a read ? Quaid take hold of Harry 's hand . harry no ... I ... Quaid stare at Harry 's hand . fascinate , he momentarily forget he pain . he trace the line with bloody finger . quaid ( quietly ) my God . harry what ? quaid you have take some strange journey in you life . harry yeah . you could say that . quaid you be draw to the dark side , over and over . and it 's draw to you . ( look at Harry ) you do not like that . harry not much . quaid you can not change it . you have to walk ... ( cough ) ... walk the line between Heaven and Hell . it 's you destiny . accept it . Harry take he hand from Quaid 's grip . Quaid wince in pain . harry hold on . quaid I be not afraid to die . there 's something terrible ... come home ... harry the puritan ? quaid yes ... harry who be he ? Quaid shudder , and die . harry ( softly ; sadly ) shit . he look away , down at the card . all have be turn over but one . he turn it . the card be the ten of sword which picture a prostrate man against a thunderous sky , pierce by all ten sword . a image of death and desolation . ext . quaid be office - alley behind build - night the flash light of two patrol car illuminate the scene . detective eddison , a surfer- turn - policeman with buzz- cut blond hair , head along the alley with Harry . he 's midway through take Harry 's statement . there be already two officer examine the drape . we can not yet see the body . eddison ( to Harry ) what be you do up there ? harry I be a private detective . I be hire to follow somebody for a few day . a guy call tapert . insurance fraud . eddison ( write ) tapert . so , now I have get tapert , butterfield . harry tapert 's get nothing to do with this . he come here to get he palm read . eddison what make you so sure ? harry ( shrug ) I get a file on he two inch thick . he 's a petty fraudster . this be something else . ever hear of someone call the puritan ? eddison New one on I . ( to Officer ) okay . let 's see he . officer #l shake he head , and open up the drape . Broken glass drop from the fold , but that 's all . Miller have go . eddison where the fuck be he ? harry he get up and walk . eddison ( look up at window ) after that fall ?. he must have break half he bone . we move in on harry , as he stare down at the drape . harry I do not think he would have give a shit . CUT to : int . butterfield apartment - night the room be spartan . nothing on the wall . nothing on the floor . very little furniture . butterfield sit beside the window , obsessively comb he long hair . there be something feminine about he now : he voice a whisper , he stare distract . if we do not guess it already , we be in the presence of a madman . Miller be squatting against the wall , pick shard of glass out of he torso . it hurt , but he 's enjoy himself . butterfield d'amour ... d'amour ... why do I know that name ? miller I know he . I see he . he stop to pull out a particularly large piece of glass , sighing with pleasure . miller I see he on t.v. some kid get possess and he save the little bastard 's life . butterfield he 's a priest ? miller no . he 's just a guy who 's get a nose for this shit . ( a beat . a smirk ) like you . a long beat of silence . butterfield comb . Miller dig for glass . butterfield I do not want he get in the way . miller he will not . another silence . butterfield ( dreamily ) we have all of we wait too long to have the homecome spoiled . miller what do you mean , " all of we ? " butterfield you do not think it be just go to be you and I ? a lot of people believe in nix . they have not forget he promise . miller about ? butterfield death . miller what about death ? butterfield ( a beat ) it 's a illusion . CUT to : ext . philadelphia STREET - morning on screen : Philadelphia a suburban street . early morning light . int . suburban house - philadelphia - morning close - up of a photograph of the cultist with the paint face , from the open scene , stand outside nix 's house in nevada . his name be norman Sanders . on norman , thirteen year older , look down at the photograph . he lay it down , beside a letter , on which two word be write : " homecome time . " norman smile to himself . go to the wardrobe . get out a small suitcase . his wife's body be slump in the wardrobe , glassy - eye . close up of letter -' CUT to : int . kitchen in miami house - day —- and draw out from the letter to a different interior , a different domestic circumstance . on the screen : Miami . barbara - the blonde girl who carve the cult 's sigil into she chest - be wash she hand . she casually dry they , and pick up the letter , walk past she husband and son , both dead at the breakfast table , blood spread around they head . when she get to the door she step over the body of she daughter , who have also be shot try to escape she mother 's murder spree . on the radio , George Harrison sing " my sweet Lord . " radio " I really want to see you , Lord , and it will not take long , my Lord , my sweet Lord ... " CUT to : ext . san ANTONIO 200 - reptile house - day on screen : San Antonio . a zoo -keeper wander into the darken interior of the reptile House . int . reptile house - day the Zoo-keeper 's benign expression change at the sight of the chaos inside . the glass case have be smashed . another keeper lie on the ground , he face pulped . a few snake slither around he body , but most of they have go . CUT to : ext . snake -handler cultist car - day the snake- handler cultist drive at speed . int . snake -handler cultist car - day pan up from another letter '- with the same message - on the dashboard , to the craze face of the snake-handler . pan to the back of the car . it seethes with hundred of snake . ext . swann' mansion - day it 's early morning in bel - Air . the sun shine down on a millionaire 's paradise : a huge house surround by a jungle of tree and blossom . ext . swann' mansion - poolside - day the blue water glitter in the noon - day sun . and a woman -- she body perfectly proportion -- glide under the surface , emerge at the shallow end , where the housekeeper clemenzia be set a tray on a table . clemenzia coffee , Mrs. swann ? Mrs. swann 's name be dorothea . she be a beautiful and sensual woman . dorothea thank you . she dry off . dorothea where 's Mr. swann ? clemenzia in he study . ( a beat ) he get something on he mind ? dorothea why ? clemenzia bad mood today . int . swann' mansion - study - day venetian blind shut out most of the sunlight , but a lamp burn on the desk ( huge ) , show we the furniture ( leather ) , the book ( innumerable ) , and the figure of swann , sit behind the desk smoking a cigar . he 's lose some hair and some colour over the year , but he still have the same hypnotic eye . he study the L.A. time in front of he . on the OPEN page " fortune teller brutally murdered , " the headline announce . underneath , a photograph of Quaid 's wreck room . we close in on the photograph , and catch a glimpse of Harry , stand look at the chaos . camera . move down to the text beneath , and on to the name " Harry d'amour . " on swann , pensive as he study the paper . dorothea ( v.o. ) ( softly ) hey ... he look up , startle . dorothea the sun 's shine out there . dorothea be dress in a white robe now . she literally bring light into this gloomy room . on the shelf behind swann be a number of art brut figurine , vaguely recalling the idol outside nix 's " temple . " dorothea bad show last night ? swann ( wearily ) the usual . full house . stand ovation . I tell they it 's magic ... dorothea ( distastefully ) ... they believe you . swann yeah . ( a beat ) remember Quaid ? dorothea sure . swann somebody kill he . dorothea oh God . swann ( disturb ) I just see he . a difficult silence . then swann cross to the door . swann I be put in a new illusion tonight . will you be there ? dorothea sure . you want I to find out about Quaid ? I mean , the funeral ? swann no. ( superstitiously ) I be not go near he . int . swann' mansion - lobby - day Valentin be oversee the hang of a new piece in swann 's collection : a huge , frame poster from a late nineteenth century magic spectacular . Valentin be fifty or so , he gray hair comb back close to he scalp . immaculately dress in a distinctively european fashion . precise . cautious . elegant . he order the two picture - hanger in a clipped fashion . Valentin Higher . another inch . the leave hand side 's too low . dorothea descend the stair , dress for the day . dorothea Valentin ? Valentin ( to hangers ) good. there. ( to dorothea ) yes ? dorothea ( give he the newspaper ) you see this ? Valentin nod . they walk back through the house together , while the picture- hang go on behind they . dorothea I want you to find this man d'amour for I . she pass the newspaper to Valentin . he look down at it . on newspaper . c.u. of Harry 's blurred picture . int . harry HOTEL room - day Harry be sprawle on the bed , in he under short . a shaft of sun dart between the drape , miss he face by inch . somebody be knock on the door , hard . harry ( waking ) what ...? he roll over . the sun strike he eye . he wince . harry shit . Valentin ( v.o. ) Mr. d'amour ? harry go away . Valentin ( v.o. ) it 's one in the afternoon . harry what be you , my mother ? Valentin ( v.o. ) I need to speak to you , Mr. d'amour . about last night . Harry get up and stumble to the door . he open it a little . the face of Valentin be visible through the crack . harry whatever I say , I do not mean it , okay ? I get a few drink inside I -- Valentin we have never meet . harry then what do you want ? Valentin I be here to offer you a job . harry I be go back to New York in -- ( consult he watch ) shit ! I be outta here . Valentin have you get a job that will pay you five thousand a day ? a beat . then Harry take the chain off the door . harry do I get lunch ? CUT to : ext . santa monica blvd . - day a white sedan glide along the boulevard . at the wheel , Valentin . beside he , Harry . int . sedan - day Harry be eat a burrito and sip coffee . harry whose be the car ? Valentin mine . harry Nah . you be drive it too carefully . Valentin ( sparring ) maybe I just buy it . harry somebody 's be smoking in here for month . he pull open the ashtray . pull out a cigar-butt . harry havanas . you be not the smoker . so who be ? Valentin ( laugh ) you could almost pass for a detective , d'amour . ( a beat ) I work for the best illusionist in the world . harry Philip swann ? Valentin you know of he ? harry I see he in Vegas once . Valentin be you a gambling man ? harry when I can afford to lose . swann 's quite a magician . Valentin never call he that . he 's strictly a illusionist . harry what 's the difference ? Valentin illusion be trickery . magician do it for real . ext . hollywood cemetery - gate - day the sedan turn into a driveway . ext . hollywood cemetery - day the sun beat down on a pristine panorama of palm and white marble tomb . Harry and Valentin walk towards a large mausoleum . harry any movie star bury here ? Valentin probably . harry it 's not a bad place . warm . great view . Valentin I do not think the dead much care . harry be you sure ? Valentin be you a believer , then ? Valentin give he a inquisitive look . harry I have sign on for they all in my time . hindu . Catholic . you can not have too many saviour . Harry 's gaze be on the mausoleum now ; or rather on the woman in white stand in its cool shadow : dorothea swann . she wear a wide - brimm hat . harry who be she ? Valentin swann 's wife . CUT to : Valentin sit on the mausoleum step read a book . he glance up . Harry and dorothea be wander between the grave , deep in conversation . dorothea I want you to help I help my husband . I know he 's in some kind of trouble . and it 's something to do with the man you see murder . harry do you husband know Quaid ? dorothea yes . they be not close , but they see each other once in a while . I think Philip believe all that stuff with the tarot card . harry you do not ? dorothea I think we make we own future . Harry make a approve murmur . harry what 's the connection ? dorothea ( cover now , but well ) I do not exactly know . Philip do not like to talk about the past . harry why not ? dorothea stop talk . take off she sunglass . her gaze be troubled , but direct . there be a attraction between the two of they that simmer beneath the dialogue . dorothea he 's a secretive man . harry and you do not ask question ? dorothea we do not share we life the way a lot of people do . harry do that mean ...? dorothea we have not sleep in the same bed for year . harry but obviously you still care what happen to he . dorothea we would not be have this conversation if I do not . swann 's one of the most remarkable man alive . Harry , frown . dorothea you do not believe I . harry he 's a illusionist . it 's not exactly brain surgery . dorothea stare at he . harry sorry . you ask . dorothea no . you be right . he could have be something more . maybe a lot more . but people get lose . even good people . too much fame . too much money , harry where do I sign ? dorothea laugh lightly . dorothea will you take the job , Mr. d'amour ? harry Harry . dorothea Harry . harry I be no bodyguard . dorothea that 's not what I be ask for . I want somebody who can find out what Philip see in that damn card . and stop it from happen . harry when do you want I to start ? dorothea come to the show with I . tonight I want you to see he with a audience . they love he . harry do you ? the question catch dorothea off guard . dorothea I do not marry he for love , Mr. d'amour . tonight ? harry sure . dorothea make a little smile , and walk away . Harry watch she go , exhaling a appreciative breath at the sight of she depart figure . CUT to : int . harry HOTEL room - dusk Harry 's talk on the phone while he dress for the theatre . harry you be not listen to I , loomis . CUT to : int . loomis ' office - mew york - night loomis , a slob of a man , be in he office , eat pizza . intercut phone conversation loomis the case be close . Harry . tapert 's give we a full confession . get you ass back to mew York . harry no . I be take a couple of week ' vacation . loomis you never take a fuck vacation in you life , Harry . what 's go on ? harry I get to go . I be late . loomis call I tomorrow . harry there 's other guy as good as I , loomis . loomis yeah . but not as cheap . call I . harry a couple of week . loomis one question . harry what ? loomis who be she ? Harry can not help but smile to himself . loomis I think so . ' night , Harry . click . Harry put down the phone . glance at himself in the mirror . raise a rueful eyebrow . CUT to : ext . wiltern theatre - night crane down from a loom standee of swann , perch above the theatre marquee . spotlight rake the sky . the sidewalk below be jamme with audience member , star-spotter and photographer . this be a flashy , prestigious event . limo be disgorge scantily - dress starlet and smile money men ; a news team be interview audience member as they file in . the atmosphere be noisy and excited . amid the throng , Harry . he make he way inside . int . wiltern theatre - auditorium - night the atmosphere , be closer to a rock concert than a conventional stage show . Security people with walkie- talky roam the aisle ; the audience buzze with barely control hysteria . Harry head down the aisle , eye on the stage . a star-lit curtain cover it . six row from the stage be dorothea , already in she seat . she smile lavishly , happy to see he . dorothea I be glad you could make it . Harry take a seat beside she . harry hey , this be a big deal for I . you know what seat like this cost in New York ? int . wiltern theatre - stage - night center-stage , behind the close curtain , swann be ready for the open of the show . technician buzz around he like fly . swann Valentin ! Valentin emerge from the wing , patting the panther that be wait there . swann ( irritate ) Valentin ! Valentin I be here . swann the guy with dorothea . be that who I think it be ? Valentin nod . on swann , he expression unreadable . swann he 's young . music strike up . a dramatic , wagnerian chord . Valentin hurry away . swann 's expression become very focus . 1st technician ( to swann ) ready ? swann ready . swann rise up into the fly . 1st technician how the fuck do he do that ? 2 nd technician it 's wire , man . 1st technician I never see no wire . 2 nd technician ( sarcastic ) so what be it ? Magic ? int . wiltern theatre - auditorium and stage - night the light be dimming . Harry glance across at dorothea , whose gaze be intent . the light go out . the music swell , and the curtain fly apart . a spectacle worthy of seigfry and Roy be about to blast we sense ! Magic for the 90' : a wild , erotic ride into mystery . swann ( v.o. ) lady and gentleman . you be stand on the threshold of a miracle ... a vortex of smoke and light swirl in the middle of the stage . the vortex blaze -- and suddenly swann sweep down out of the fly , as the floor of the stage open and the head of a glitter , razor toothe dragon emerge in a cloud of crimson smoke . swann raise he hand above he head and a spear miraculously appear in he grasp . he descend on the dragon . it 's a classic image : St. Michael smite the Devil . swann drive the spear down the throat of the dragon . the theatre shake at its die roar . then the head crack open , and out of the dragon 's mouth emerge a dozen scantily dress dancers , male and female . swann throw down the spear , and where it strike the stage he panther appear . a roar of applause from the audience . swann 's plain white tunic fall away from he as he descend . by the time he foot touch the stage he be dress in a star - shot tuxedo . the panther lick he hand in welcome . the music come to a crescendo . the dancers freeze in they erotic dance . in the sudden hush , swann speak in a whisper . swann my friend ... come with I ... into the great Beyond . a barrage of light and music erupt . the audience applaud wildly . on harry and dorothea . harry he 's good . dorothea you have not see anything yet . int . wiltern theatre - lobby - night the door squeak as a gust of wind blow through they . butterfield stand in the lobby , listen to the mute sound of music and applause . then he offer he ticket to the ticket -collector and step inside . int . wiltern theatre - auditorium and stage - night a new musical motif hang in the air : music announce danger . the audience watch intently , nervously . on harry and dorothea . dorothea ( a whisper ) this be the new illusion . on stage , swann be bound to a spin wheel , while the dancers , dress like boschian demon , cavort around he , somersault and leaping over eruption of yellow flame . it 's a scene from Daniels inferno . above he . a dozen glitter sword - six foot long - be descend . he struggle to free himself . the music get more exciting as the wheel spin faster and faster . suddenly , a sword drop . it fall between swann 's outstretch leg , skewer the wheel . then another , close to he head . on harry . he 's tense . excite . back to stage . swann be free I he throw off the last shackle and use it to thrust into the mechanism of the wheel . there 's a theatrical blaze of white - hot SPARKS . the wheel slow . he start to step off it , as another of the the sword drop . the audience gasp . swann smile , and trip . as he fall , the sword run through the middle of he back , carry he down to the still - spin wheel , and pin he there . some of the dancers continue to cavort . some stop . more gasp from the audience . on harry , have a -- flashback : Harry 's hand turn over the final tar of card . the scene on the stage be that image come to life . harry there 's something wrong ... on swann , as a second sword fall , skewer he thigh , and a third , run through he buttock , and a fourth and fifth , until ten sword have enter he body . on the audience , not certain whether this be a trick or not . the music have stop . in the silence , somebody giggle nervously . a couple of people break into applause , but it die away in a matter of moment . on dorothea and harry dorothea no. . . on the stage , swann raise he head and look out at he wife , he eye already glassy with imminent death . he reach out towards she , and then sag on the wheel , dead . there be gasp now from the audience . murmur of disgust ; sob of horror . 1st audience member what happen ? 2 nd audience member it 's a trick . 3rd audience member somebody help he . the curtain start to close . on dorothea , tear of shock fill she eye . dorothea ( to Harry ) I have get to get to he ! the audience be rise now , as the horror of what they have see sink in . there be panic . a few people have faint . one or two be even praying . Harry carve out a path down to the stage for dorothea against the flood of the exite crowd . harry out of the way ! out of the way ! he help dorothea onto the stage , and lift the curtain so she can duck beneath it . int . wiltern theatre - stage - night Chaos . people run , sobbing , puke ; some simply stand watch . Valentin be already at the body , with the stage manager at he side . Valentin ( to stage manager ) get then out of here , for God 's sake -- stage manager you hear he ! it 's not a fuck show ! he start to physically push the crowd back . Harry grab he arm . stage manager who be you ? Harry use he grip to gently but efficiently move the stage manager out of dorothea 's way . she go to swann 's body , which have be remove from the wheel . int . wiltern theatre - auditorium - night the audience be clear now . but butterfield be come towards the stage , with a ambiguous look on he face . be he enraged ? or puzzle ? or both ? miller psst ! Miller stand at a open door , lead below the stage . butterfield enter . int . wiltern theatre - stage - night dorothea kneel at swann 's side . a few yard from she , Harry examine the mechanism of the wheel . dorothea ( softly ) swann ... a doctor appear . doctor I be a doctor . let I through . the Doctor check swann 's body . doctor ( to dorothea ) I be sorry ... Harry have discover a cable snake down beside the device . he 's suspicious . he slip round to the back of the mechanism , and climb down beneath the stage , trace the cable as he go . wiltern theatre - below stage - night it 's a eerie , shadowy space , fill with the prop that be use in the show , include the dragon we see at the beginning . from above we hear footstep and voice , mute and echoing . the cable end in bare wire . whatever be here have be take . a noise , behind Harry . he swing round . see a shadowy figure ducking away . harry hey ! he give chase . lose the man in the shadow . stop and listen for movement . suddenly , Miller step out of the shadow with a plank of wood and smashes it into Harry 's face ! Harry reel back . Falls to he knee , blood run from he nose . Miller pull Harry 's gun out of he jacket . miller get you , fucker ! Harry be face the dragon 's head , daze . and now , out of the dragon 's mouth , come butterfield . butterfield who do this , d'amour ? who kill swann ? Harry be barely hold on to consciousness . harry you do . ( a beat ) do not you ? butterfield why would I do that ? harry beat I . butterfield be a foot from Harry now . butterfield you do not have a clue what you be into , do you ? harry deep shit ? butterfield hit he . butterfield who do this ? harry I tell you -- butterfield hit he again . butterfield who do this ? harry ( raise he hand ) all right . it be ... butterfield come a little closer . harry ( feign a near collapse ) ... it be ... butterfield lean in . and Harry grab he by the ball -- literally -- rise as he do so . butterfield aah ! Harry throws butterfield aside . butterfield hit the ground in agony , and Harry swing round to protect himself from Miller , who 's leveling Harry 's gun . he fire once , miss Harry by inch . Harry catch hold of a rope underfoot and pull it , trip Miller , who topples backwards into the mouth of the dragon . the gun goe off again , the bullet blowing apart the dragon 's jaw mechanism . Miller start to sit up , he body splay between the dragon 's steel tooth . he have Harry in he sight . -- something creak . he look up . the dragon 's jaw be close , fast . he start to scramble to he foot . too late ! the tooth slam close on he body . sudden death . Harry look round to see butterfield retreate into the shadow . then he 's go . Harry look down at Miller 's blood , which be pool around he foot . harry deep shit ... fade out fade in int . police station - eddison be office - night Harry sit at eddison 's desk , look exhaust and bruise . eddison have just finish take he statement . eddison and this butterfield guy -- harry -- vanish . eddison ( frustrated sigh ) another fuck magician . Jesus . Harry look past eddison and see a ashen , tearful dorothea be take into another office . harry be you finish with I ? eddison for now . be you plan to go back to New York ? harry ( watch dorothea ) no. not yet ... int . police station - other office - night dorothea sit alone , stare at the wall . Harry enter . harry be they treat you okay ? dorothea ( nod ) I hear what happen . it look like somebody murder he . harry I be sorry I get into this too late . but if you want I to stick around , maybe dig where the cop do not look ... dorothea I do not know where you would start . harry well ... how about some of the other illusionist ? dorothea they will not tell you anything . harry I can be very persuasive . dorothea ( a beat ) yes . I think you probably can . ( another beat ) we would need to talk about you fee . harry forget the fee . if I find butterfield , maybe we will talk about money . if I do not ... ( he shrug ) ... my gamble . either way ... I get to spend some time ... here . the way he say this , it 's plain " here " do not mean L.A. , it mean near - dorothea . and by the tiny smile on she face , it 's also plain she know it . CUT to : ext . magic shop - hollywood blvd . - day noon . Bright sun . busy street . Harry , now wear a bandage on he cut face , enter . int . magic shop - day a wonderland for illusionist . book , prop , mask , trick , etc . two or three customer browse . Harry glance at they all , then target a man in late middle age , who be browsing through book , one -hande . his other hand constantly manipulate a card , conceal and revealing it in a dozen way . he do not even look at he hand . his name be walter wilder . Harry stand beside he . scan the shelf . harry where would you learn that ? wilder what ? harry ( point ) that . wilder at birth . I do not know you -- harry Harry d'amour . wilder I know all the kid come up . get to stay ahead of the game . but I do not know you . harry I be in from New York . I come to see swann . wilder what a tragedy . it be just a matter of time , of course , but it 's not good for the business . harry be he take a lot of risk ? wilder you do not know the half of it . I be walter wilder , by the way . harry not the walter wilder ? walter beam . wilder the one and only . he hand Harry a card . wilder want to try ? Harry try to emulate wilder 's card manipulation through the rest of this conversation . wilder you know vinovich ? harry ( not a clue ) sure. vivovich . wilder he know swann way back . he say there be a lot of drug , a lot of crazy shit . harry I would love to ... you know ... hang with some of you guy . wilder people be pretty cagey . who do you know ? harry for what ? wilder for a introduction . harry well ... nobody . wilder take a moment to assess Harry , who be attempt to manipulate the card he 's be give with charming ineptitude . wilder ( magnanimously ) you do now . ext . magic castle - dusk the castle be faux , of course , but it have a gothic charm . Harry and walter wander towards the front door . Harry be knotting a newly - buy tie . harry I only wear tie for funeral . wilder you do not get in without one . it 's like a gentleman 's club for illusionist . except most of we be not gentleman . int . magic castle - corridor - night the interior be murky and atmospheric , the wall cover with illusionist ' poster . walter lead the way through the long corridor , past room where illusionist be perform close - up magic for audience of well - heele patron . walter nod and wave to half a dozen people on they way through the house , up the stair and towards the bar . harry be they all in the business ? wilder it 's not a business . Harry . it 's a vocation . wilder point to a lock door . wilder that 's what they call the repository . every magic secret know to man 's lock up in that room . harry have you be in ? wilder no . there 's only three key . vinovich have get one , of course . ( beat ) he 's a little crazy , by the way . and he 's a mean drunk . otherwise , he 's a real charmer . CUT to int . magic castle - bar - night later . a drunken vinovich be hold court . he 's in he 40' : a flamboyant and loquacious man with a heavy ( and fake ) middle - european accent . at the table - besides Harry and walter - be : vinovich 's starlet / nymphet girlfriend LAURA ; a asian - american illusionist call billy who ; and two of vinovich 's ador courtier , a overblown , overdress female illusionist - debra devine - and a thin , waspish fellow in a spangly suit : the amazing quentin . in the conversation that follow we go back to Harry repeatedly as he study this extraordinary group . vinovich it 's more than entertainment . we be open people 's head up . put miracle back into they boring little life . billy but they be fake miracle . vinovich houdini believe he have spirit guide . harry you believe that ? vinovich I think we walk a narrow path , between ... between ... harry Heaven and Hell ? vinovich stare hard at Harry , try to figure out whether he 's be sarcastic or not . vinovich trickery and divinity . harry be you say that sometimes the miracle be real ? vinovich no . I be say they be always fake . the saint , the messiah , they be just illusionist . harry so could you walk on water ? vinovich ( deadly serious ) I could reproduce any miracle that 's ever be perform , with a little preparation . harry what about swann 's miracle ? the smug smile on vinovich 's face die . furtive glance be exchange around the table . only billy who make a tiny smile . vinovich they be not worth a damn . harry ( goad ) I hear he be the best . vinovich if he be so good why 's he so dead ? vinovich begin to look suspicious . harry you tell I . no ? I think you would maybe have a theory . vinovich oh , I have get plenty . harry I would like to hear they . vinovich rise . vinovich I be not say another word . ( to wilder ) you damn fool . he 's a journalist . harry just tell I about swann . or be you too scared ? vinovich he be a freak . everything he do be taint . Harry rise . look straight at vinovich , unintimidate . harry with what ? vinovich evil . he be evil . ( to Laura ) come on . she rise . vinovich ( to the rest ) say nothing to this man if you wish to keep my company . he stalk away . Harry call after he , across a now - silence bar . harry great accent , by the way . be it Brooklyn ? vinovich ( pure Brooklyn ) fuck you . ext . magic castle - parking lot - night Harry head to the car . billy ( v.o. ) Harry ! Harry turn . billy approach , glance behind he to see that he 's not be watch . billy I gotta be careful . if vinovich see I talk to you . he 's a asshole , but he 's a powerful asshole . harry they go together . billy ( lower voice ) I have hear a name . someone they talk about in whisper . harry who ? billy nix . harry nix ? billy like in nothing . nobody . nix . harry who be he ? billy I think maybe he teach swann . ( hand Harry a card ) this be I . see ya around . billy hurry away . CUT to : int . harry HOTEL room - night Harry lie on he bed , doze . the camera creep in on he . dorothea ( v.o. ) ... I want somebody who can find out what Philip see in that damn card ... Harry frown in he semi-doze . dissolve to : flashback - quaid' room butterfield ever watch a man die ? the image darken , and fade up a beat later on Quaid . quaid please ... I be not there ... ask pimm . butterfield pimm 's dead . Jennifer desiderio 's disappear ... back to : int . harry HOTEL room - night Harry be still asleep . CUT to : flashback - quaid' room quaid I be not afraid to die . there 's something terrible ... come home ... a long silence . suddenly , a telephone ring . back to : int . harry HOTEL room - night harry sit up , shocked awake . harry shit ! he pick up the receiver . harry this be d'amour . CUT to : int . swann' mansion - dorothea' bedroom - night she sit up on she bed , dress in a silk robe , and nothing else , drink a scotch , talk on the phone . the primary source of illumination be the massive t.v. set in the wall opposite the bed . dorothea Harry ... I know it 's late . intercut phone conversation there should be a subtle eroticism pervade this exchange . both of they on bed , in different bedroom . each arouse by the other 's voice , and frustrated not to be able to see and touch they . harry that 's okay . as he speak , Harry scrawl Jennifer desiderio on the title page of the gideon 's Bible beside the bed . dorothea how do it go today ? harry I go up to the Magic Castle . you be right . he do not have a lot of fan up there . CUT to : int . swann' mansion - kitchen - night Valentin , on the kitchen phone , be listen in . dorothea ( v.o. ) they be jealous of he . harry ( v.o. ) why ? because he have you ? back to : intercutting : harry - dorothea - Valentin dorothea he ... do not have I .. I tell you - harry you do not marry he for love . dorothea' bedroom she 's a little uncomfortable now . harry so why do you marry he ? dorothea that 's my business . Harry . harry just curious . ( a beat ) back to business . ever hear of a man call nix ? ( silence ) dorothea ? dorothea yes ... I be here . and no . I do not know the name . harry what about Jennifer desiderio ? dorothea it do not ring a bell . I have to go . harry okay . I will keep digging . dorothea ( uneasy ) yes . you do that . she put down the phone , and swallow a mouthful of scotch . she 's shaking . she get up . pace the room . then she pick up the phone again . int . harry HOTEL room - night on the pad beside the bed , Jennifer 's name , surround by Harry 's doodle . the phone ring . CUT wide : the room be empty . ext . / int . quaid be office - stairwell - night the tarot Card and Crystal readings sign be dark now . Harry head up the stair , past the photograph , to the door of Quaid 's wait room . it have be lock and tape by the police . Harry have come prepare . he take out a small crowbar and lever off the lock . int . quaid be office - waiting / fortune telling room - night Harry enter , flashlight on . he cross the wait room and enter the fortune - telling room where Quaid die . on the track -- a remote , eerie presence -- we hear Quaid 's sob , Miller 's shout , and , as Harry 's flashlight illuminate the blood - spatter table : butterfield ( v.o . ) if you watch very closely , you can sometimes see the soul escape . Harry be spook . he start to search the room , open cabinet and drawer . Quaid 's horde of mystical bric-a- brac be stashed everywhere . box of crystal , religious statue , elaborate card , incense , etc . he pull open a drawer , and notice that a rosary be wedge in a niche at the base of the drawer . he pull the drawer out , empty its content on the table , and examine it . use the crowbar , he force the drawer apart . it have a false bottom . harry ( smile ) yes ... in the secret compartment , some papers and a address book . he flick to " D . " harry ( cont 'd ) desiderio ... there it be . Jennifer desiderio , and a address . he pocket the book . then , sense a presence behind he , he pull out he gun and whirl around , he flashlight beam revealing -- -- Valentin ! harry ( cont 'd ) what the fuck be you do here ? Valentin look for you . I try the hotel . harry why would you come here ? Valentin you be a detective , with no clue . where else be you go to look ? I be go to keep this brief . ( he take out a envelope ) here 's thirty thousand dollar . harry what for ? Valentin a ticket home , harry you do not hire I . she do . if she want I off the job , I want to hear it from she . Valentin she do not want to see you . she 's have enough pain . enough churn over the past . she want it all leave alone . harry Left alone ? somebody 's be murder . Valentin yes . it 's regrettable harry fuck regrettable ! I want to know why . Valentin what for ? you need to stay busy ? harry ( a confession ) I like to know why thing happen . Valentin why people die ? ( shake he head ) give it up , d'amour . go home . harry no . Harry cross to the door , brush past Valentin . Valentin do not try and see she , d'amour . just leave she alone . let she heal . he glance back at Valentin . harry lock up , will you ? CUT to : ext . ST . luke's sanitorium , pasadena - day on the address book , in Harry 's hand . Harry look up - with some surprise - not at a house but at a building , the sign on which read , " St. luke 's sanitorium " . int . ST . luke's sanitorium - day the place be bland and functional throughout , the wall decorate with sun - fade reproduction of great painting . nothing disturbing . Harry be talk to d.a. toffler - black , fortyish , softly speak - and a nurse . toffler Jennifer 's only ever have one visitor . harry a mister Quaid ? toffler right . and he 's dead , be not he ? I see it on the news . Jennifer do not know . and frankly , this be not the best tine for she to be tell . harry I will not say anything . int . ST . luke's sanitorium - corridor and ward - day toffler excort Harry through - the place . there be distress scene on every side . nothing melodramatic no scream , no fit . just a subtle , pervasive air of despair . blank , empty face in blank , empty room . toffler Jennifer 's be with we four year . she be come on nicely . but just the last month or so , she 's worse than ever . harry what 's she problem ? toffler she have no real grip on reality . harry ( a joke ) do anybody ? toffler ( deadly serious ) oh yes . we have to agree what 's real and what 's not . that 's what hold we together . harry and what do Jennifer think 's real ? they have come to french window , which be wide open . sitting outside in the sun be Jennifer , with she back to we . toffler ( quietly ) Jennifer think the Devil 's come for she . ( louder ) Jennifer ? Jennifer turn . she look terrible . ext . ST . luke's sanitorium - ground - CITY STREET - day Harry and Jennifer walk amongst the flower - bed , with the nurse keep a watch from a discreet distance . throughout the scene we hear the SOUND of earth be dig , which steadily get louder as they walk . jennifer have we meet before ? harry no . jennifer only I forget . they give I pill , you know , to keep I ... even ... and ... I forget thing , harry well , you do not forget I . I just come because I want to know if you know a man call butterfield . jennifer maybe ... I ... do not ... harry what about Philip swann ? jennifer I know swann . ( sudden vehemence ) he 's a fuck liar . a workman saunter past , carry pipe . harry why 's that ? jennifer he say he know how to protect we . but he do not know anything . he make we think it be over and do with . harry what be ? jennifer ( tear near ) I do not want to think about it . if I think about it he will hear I . he will find I . harry swann ? ahead now , the site where the workmen be digging a hole , lay pipe . the camera do not focus on this action , but we be aware of it . jennifer I tell you . I do not -- she stop . look ahead of she . her face be suddenly ashen and clammy . Harry follow she gaze to : the hole . somebody be in it , digging . Earth emerge in shovelful , pile up beside the hole . jennifer ( cont 'd ) ( scream ) God no ! oh God no ! she back away from the hole . the nurse grab hold of she . nurse calm down ! she deliver the nurse a backhand swipe . the nurse be flung back . jennifer he 's not go to get I ! she race down towards the street . Harry go after she . jennifer ( cont 'd ) he 's not ! he 's not ! harry who 's not ? he catch up with she . jennifer nix ! nix ! harry be he the puritan ? jennifer yes ! yes ! harry and he 's dead ? jennifer no . he 's come back . he 's digging he way out ! the nurse appear behind Harry . nurse I will take care of she now . Jennifer struggle in Harry 's grip . nurse let go of she , Mr. d'amour ! the nurse break Harry 's hold on Jennifer , who slip away instantly , racing towards the street . harry Jennifer ! she scramble up over a wall , and fling herself from the top . there 's a screech of brake , then the smash of metalwork and glass . Harry get to the wall before the nurse . hoist himself up onto it . look down . harry p.o.v. of STREET Jennifer be dead in the middle of the street , beneath the wheel of a car . the driver be out , and yell incoherently . harry Jesus . he slip back down the wall , and lean against it . he look towards the hole . the workman have stop digging . his mud-encrust hand emerge , and for a moment , before he head appear , the image be eerily like somebody climb from a grave . Harry close he eye . harry ( very quietly ) Jesus . ext . los angele - dusk the sun be set , the city give way to night . int . harry HOTEL room - dusk Harry 's on the phone . harry I want to speak to dorothea . Valentin ( v.o. ) I be afraid she 's not in . harry when will she be in ? int . swann' mansion - study - night Valentin on the phone in the study . dorothea who be it ? Valentin put the phone down . Valentin crank call . I will get the number change . dorothea no word from d'amour ? Valentin shake he head . Valentin it 's better he 's go . he would have do more harm than good . dorothea harm to whom ? I ? I do not think , so . try he again at the hotel . Valentin I leave three message already . dorothea nod , plainly sad at Harry 's desertion . she turn and leave the room . int . harry HOTEL room - night on billy who' card , in Harry 's hand . harry ( on phone ) billy ? it 's Harry . suppose I want to get into the repository at the Magic Castle ? CUT to : int . magic castle - skylight room - night the place be eerie by night : all mask and shadow . pan up to the skylight . harry be cutting away a pane of glass . billy behind he . the pane start to fall . with lightning reflexes , billy reach through and catch it . harry you have do this before . billy I have have my moment . int . magic castle - hallway outside repository - night Harry 's manipulate the lock . billy I be sure they will have this place rig . harry how ? billy it will be something hokey . click ! the door open . billy houdini would be proud of you . int . magic castle - repository - night undusted shelf pile high with manuscript , old book , and poster in every direction . billy ( impressed ) whoa ... on the wall , plaster life -mask . in glass case , the tool of the great magician : knive , keys , gun , wand , even a iron maiden . billy be in awe . he wander around wide - eye while Harry scan the shelf . the dialogue run as they investigate . billy I hear Mrs. swann 's quite a babe . harry you hear right . billy you ever be marry ? harry yeah . she be kill in a car crash . her lawyer be drive . she be filing for divorce . billy why ? harry my life be too weird for she . billy ( grin ) I love weird . Harry have see a small sigil carve onto one of the shelf . harry billy ? this be on Miller 's forehead . any idea what it be ? billy nope . Harry press it . the entire bookcase open up , creaking . billy what do I tell you ? so fuck hokey . Inside , there be a small shelf . on it , file and paper . harry what have we get here ? ever -eager , billy step into the recess . and -- two spike , lattice gate close on he arm ! Harry grab the gate before they snap close , inch from skewer billy 's flesh and bone ! he keep they open , he sinew strain . harry grab the file ! billy reach in and pull out a handful of the file . as he step out of range . Harry let go and the gate close with a clang ! billy Jesus ! he slam the file down . he 's tremble . billy I could have lose my fuck hand . harry that would have keep you out of the Magic Circle . ( he study the file ) which be presumably the idea . ( a beat ) this be about nix . Harry take a sheaf of papers , and hand they to billy . harry you go through this . go on ! reluctantly , billy do so . Harry pick up a fade photograph of the doorway to nix 's house ( with the sigil paint on it ) and butterfield the child stand in the sun . there be other cultist stand around . and in the doorway -- a barely visible figure ( and all the more intimidating for that ) - be nix . harry wait a minute ... he stare at the boy 's face . the eye be clearly different colour . harry that 's butterfield ... billy ( point to nan in ) doorway ) and who 's that ? on harry , stare at the ambiguous presence . on the photograph of the shadowy figure . harry at a guess ? the puritan . nix . billy pick up a etching , water - stain and dirty . it show a horror we recognize : a man 's hand press into the flesh of another man 's head . billy take a look at this . harry ( look at it ) a nix specialty ? billy be get subtly spook now . he put the etching down and start to go through other in the series . we glimpse they as he do so . in one , a man regurgitate a serpentine form make of flame . in another , a man stare at he own hand which be stripped of flesh . there be no bone beneath . only a form of solid blackness . in a third , we see a head with a slit in the middle of the brow , emanate darkness . billy I do not know any of this trick ... Harry study the etching . harry ( a slow burn ) maybe they be not trick . billy ( mystify ) I mean , there 's no instruction -- ( realize what Harry say ) what do you mean , they be not trick ? harry what do vinovich say ? something about walk a path between -- billy trickery and divinity . yeah , he say that all the time . harry that 's because he know . he would see this file and know . billy knew what ? out of the corner of he eye . Harry see a motion between the book-stack . billy frown . Harry put he finger to he lip . gesture for billy to take cover . billy back away . Harry slowly turn in the direction of the motion . something eerily sepulchral be glide between the stack . a figure in a straight - jacket with he head bow . Harry take out he gun . billy disappear around the back of one of the stack . Harry go after the apparition . the track be completely silent . suddenly , the creature appear behind billy ! it look up , its face that of a psychotic : burn eye , manic smile . it tear open its straight - jacket and reach for billy , who back away . billy Harry ! book tumble on top of billy as he stumble against the shelf . billy where the fuck be you ? Harry appear , and put he gun to the psycho be head . harry okay . hold it right there . the gun go through the psycho 's skull , as though it 's make of smoke . Harry wave he hand through it . it 's completely ethereal . but it 's still terrorize billy . billy ( in mortal terror ) get it off I ! Harry glance around . see a light flicker between some book . fire at it . the light go out . the " psycho " vanish . billy be leave hyper-ventilate on the ground . harry hokey enough for you ? billy I be out of here , man ! be you come ? Harry pick up a handful of papers from the nix file . harry I be come . billy be already out of the room . for a moment . Harry pause to look back at the other file , seal behind the spike gate . as he do so -- -- the proiector spark into life one last time , and the " psycho " appear -- roaring - at Harry 's shoulder . harry ah , shaddup ! he fire at the projector a second time . on the gun shot -- CUT to : ext . magic castle - night billy and Harry be parting . harry thanks , billy . billy hey , anytime . ( a beat ) actually , no . this be enough . they shake , and part . ext . swann' mansion - front door - night Harry wait on the doorstep . Valentin open the door . Valentin ( quietly ) I can not let you in . harry ( step in ) yeah , I know . Valentin you want more money , be that it ? Harry push he aside . int . swann' mansion - various - night Harry start to go through the house , open door . harry dorothea ? he see candle - light through a partially open door . start towards it . Valentin leave she alone -- harry shut up ! he push open the door . int . swann' mansion - casket room - night the room be a museum of swarm 's career . poster , and memorabilia everywhere . and in the middle of the room , swann 's seal casket , surround by flower and candle . dorothea be stand beside it , head bow . dorothea this be the way he want it ... no autopsy , no embalm . nobody meddle with he body ... Harry approach , slowly . dorothea flesh be a trap . that 's what he use to say . flesh be a trap and magic set we free . ( a beat ) why do you come back ? harry I do not leave . I be just digging around . dorothea look up at he . dorothea ( uneasy ) what do you find ? harry Jennifer desiderio , for one . ( he watch she for a response ) she throw herself in front of a car this afternoon . dorothea can not disguise she distress . dorothea oh Christ . harry ( a beat ) why do not you tell I the truth ? int . swann' mansion - study -- night - dorothea pour herself a drink , while Harry spread the photo and the paper from the repository on the table . harry nix run some kind of cult , right ? some kind of Charlie Manson deal ? dorothea it be more than that , I think . harry he be the real thing , right ? dorothea swann say he could do stuff , yes . harry stuff ? dorothea he could get into people 's head . make they see thing . terrible thing . and he could levitate . juggle fire . harry he teach all this to swann ? dorothea some or it . int . swann' mansion - hallway outside study - night Valentin be listen at the door . int . swann' mansion - study -- night - harry so swann be perform magic . not illusion ? ( dorothea nod ) and what ? you think he should be use it to cure cancer , not make million . dorothea I tell you -- harry too much fame . yeah , I guess that would turn anybody 's head . include yours . dorothea no . harry you say you be not with he for love . dorothea I be not . harry what then ? dorothea I be grateful to he . I owed he my life . and he love I . he could not always show it , but he feel it . harry he think nix be come back , do not he ? dorothea be pour herself another drink . the glass slip from she hand . it shatter . Harry go to help she . they stoop together , very close . the sexual attraction be almost palpable . dorothea cut herself on a shard of glass . dorothea shit ! they be very close to each other . harry ( reassure ) it 's okay . dorothea no it be not . you can not help I . harry ( tenderly ) I be here , be not I ? he kiss she . she kiss he back , hard . harry nothing 's go to happen to you . dorothea ( seductive ) nothing ? harry ( smile ) nothing you do not want . they kiss again , passionately . int . swann' mansion - lobby - night Valentin break into the shadow , as Harry and dorothea cross the darken lobby and head upstairs . then Valentin cross to the phone and dial . int . swann' mansion - dorothea' bedroom - night a room of illusion . wall line with mirror , and warm , flatter lighting , bathing the naked form of dorothea and Harry as they make love , sit on the floor . it be a deeply passionate , but slow , sensual coupling . int . / ext . swann' mansion - lobby - night Valentin open the front door . there 's a wind blow . the palm churn against the night sky ... intercut roiling , wind - fill pain with the glisten , urgent body of Harry and dorothea . int . swann' mansion - dorothea' bedroom - night Harry cradle dorothea in post-coital languor . dorothea ( whisper ) I be so afraid . harry do not be . nix can not hurt you now . dorothea be you sure ? harry I be sure . ( kiss she ) he 's dead . dorothea I know . I be the one who shot he . on harry . he 's startle , to say the least . dorothea I be twelve . nix take I hostage , to get swann to come to he . harry ( realize ) and they all come ... dorothea yes . harry Quaid and Jennifer -- dorothea and pimm and swann . only nix be ready for they . there 's a noise downstairs . dorothea ( nervous ) what be that ? harry it 's okay . Harry slip out of bed . int . swann' mansion - stair - lobby - night Harry descend the stair , buttone up he trousers ( which be all he wear ) . he have he gun . harry Valentin ? dorothea appear behind he . dorothea Harry ? wait ! Harry 's at the bottom of the stair now . across the hall , in a passageway , a eerie silhouette . we can make out no detail of clothing or face . harry what the hell -? suddenly , the shadowy figure come at Harry . a blast of ENERGY burst against Harry 's face . as it break against he skin , we see ( for three frame or so ) a glimpse of Harry 's skull . harry ( in pain ) aah ! Harry fire at the figure . the shadow fold up around the Stranger like a origami puzzle . he 's go . dorothea it 's he ! it 's nix ! Harry go out into the passageway . harry Valentin ! get some light on ! as if in reply to the command , a burst of vivid white FIRE erupt behind Harry . he swing round to see the Stranger " unfold " out of the shadow again , defy physics and physiology to do so . the FIRE be at he foot , like a serpent writhe on the ground . it come at Harry . Harry fire at it , but it come at he faster still , rise to burn Harry 's leg . he retreat , the FIRE racing after he . he make for a door , and fling it open . he 's in -- int . swann' mansion - casket room - night the FIRE follow he across the ground and strike he hand . Harry drop the gun . look up to see the Stranger in the doorway , arm raise to will the fire-serpent on . but then , he hesitates . Harry glance round , and see that the Stranger - whose face be still a dark smear - be stare at the casket . harry somebody you know ? dorothea appear behind the Stranger . see Harry , burn and sweat , cornere against the casket . dorothea oh my God ! the Stranger look round . Harry snatch up the gun , support he burn hand with -his good hand . level the gun at the Stranger . the FIRE raise its head , like a cobra . harry which go first ? my face or you heart ? the Stranger draw a deep breath . the Fire - serpent wither and die . dorothea who in God 's name be you ? she reach for the Stranger , who simply fold up again ; go into darkness . the wind blow through the house , mask he exit . dorothea be you all right ? harry find Valentin ! find he ! get he in here ! dorothea disappear . Harry take one of the candle - holder and jam it under the casket lid . Wood splinter . he start to force off the lid . Valentin and dorothea enter . Valentin what be you do ? this be sacrilege . he start towards Harry . dorothea go after he and catch hold of he arm . her expression be a mingling of fascination and dread , as Harry get he finger under the casket lid and pull . Inside , swann 's corpse . Valentin be you satisfied now ? harry no . Harry hold Valentin back with one hand , and put he finger into the corpse 's mouth . dorothea Harry ? harry it 's all right . it 's not hurt ... he now have four finger in swann 's mouth and seize hold of he lower jaw . it crack -- -- and come away in a little rain of plaster and latex . harry ... plaster do not bleed . he toss the jaw to Valentin . harry ( to dorothea ) it look like you be not a widow after all . int . swann' mansion - study - night Harry interrogates Valentin in a white fury , while dorothea bind Harry 's hand . harry you rig the illusion to fail , right ? Valentin yes . harry you pay off the doctor . you set up the fake body . yes ? Valentin yes . harry and then ... because I be get too close to something -- ( at dorothea ) -- or someone , you call swann Valentin I try to pay you off . harry be that swann 's idea ? Valentin no . it be mine . I do not want any more bloodsh . that 's why we go to all this trouble , so there would be no one for nix to come after . harry nix be dead and bury , for fuck 's sake . Valentin have not you see enough to know that do not matter ? on harry . he look as though he 's beginning to think maybe nix 's resurrection be plausible . harry I want to see swann face to face . Valentin why do not you leave this alone ? let everybody think it 's over ? dorothea what about I ? Valentin nix be never interested in you . it be always swann . a beat . harry ( to dorothea ) maybe Valentin 's right . we should let it alone . a bell start to toll - harry ( co not . ) he go to all that trouble to be dead . maybe we should let he stay that way . the tolling carry over into ext . hollywood cemetery - day we crane down from a high angle on a grave , surround by mourner . the graveside service have just end , and the mourner be beginning to disperse . dorothea be there amongst they , of course . so be several face we recognize : vinovich , wilder , billy who , swann 's stage manager , he dancer , he technician . there be also several member of the PRESS , and thirty or fourty other mourner , some of whom , to judge by they dress and manner , be also illusionist . Harry stand some distance from the crowd , watch ( hide ) from the doorway of a mausoleum . his eye be on dorothea as she go amongst the mourner , receive unheard word of condolesence . ext . wiltern theatre - day the standee of swann be be demolish by two worker . they be take hammer to it , smash it to piece . int . wiltern theatre - stage - day the stage be starkly light with work light , the auditorium in darkness . swann 's equipment - include the partially dismantle Dragon 's head - be heape on the stage . Valentin wander through the box to the place where swann " die . " he stare down at the blood on the stage . ext . wiltern theatre - day the 1st worker throw the cut - out head of swann 's standee down into the street . 1st worker watch out ! on the head , as it strike the sidewalk at somebody 's foot . we do not see who . ext . hollywood cemetery - day Harry catch sight of somebody close to the gate of the cemetery . Dark glass , a beard , a anonymous black suit . Harry smile slightly , and slip off between the mausoleum . ext . hollywood cemetery - parking lot - day the black -coated mourner get into he car . on Harry , as he get into he . int . wiltern theatre - stage - day Valentin hear something in the auditorium . look up . Valentin who 's there ? he reach into he jacket to draw a gun . there 's a noise . he swing round . too late . butterfield have a scalpel at he throat . he kick Valentin to the ground . butterfield ( conversationally ) I have sometimes think , if I would have another profession , I would have be a surgeon . on Valentin , stare up in terror . Valentin 's p.o.v.- of butterfield , upside down , above he , the scalpel glitter . butterfield to be able to heal with one little cut . on Valentin again , as butterfield 's blade touch he cheek , just beneath he eye . valemtin no. . . butterfield let 's say that eye of yours be give you trouble . Valentin please . butterfield I could scoop they out . Valentin do not . butterfield so tell I where nix be bury . Valentin I do not know . butterfield push the blade into Valentin 's skin . CUT wide , as Valentin thrashes , he face obscure by butterfield 's body . Valentin wait ! on Valentin again . there be a small cut beneath he eye , but that 's all . Valentin I will tell you . butterfield you will do more. than that . ext . L.A. STREET - semi - derelict build - day a bad neighborhood , to judge by the state of the street . Harry get out of he car and cross to a gate , top with barb wire . he peer through the bar . Harry 's p.o.v. of the stranger from the funeral disappear into the building . he glance back towards the street . we get a glimpse of a bearded face beneath the brim of he hat . Harry slide out of sight . wait until the Stranger have go inside . then he 's up , over the gate , brave the barb wire . int . - semi -derelict build - day it 's be a hospital . now the echoing corridor and ward be desert , litter with reminder of old suffer . rotting mattress ; spill box of surgical supplies . Harry explore this tile labyrinth , look for some sign of the Stranger . he enter a shadowy room . bird fly up into he face ! as he retreat , another SOUND , a little distance from he . gun in hand , he head towards it , and step into int . semi -derelict build - operating theatre - day narrow shaft of light through the circular view window fall on a operate table , and loom piece of discard equipment . eerie . disturb . Harry scan the shadow as he advance into the room . harry I know you would not be able to stay away . silence . Harry notice the beard and glass on the operate table . harry you have to see who wept for you the most . silence . harry a lot of people be go to be really piss off when they discover you be still alive . swann ( v.o. ) they will never find out . Harry look up . svanrt be hover in the air above he . the vein in he temple bulge and throb . this trick require a lot of concentration . harry look , ma , no wire . swann you should not have follow I , d'amour . harry how the fuck do you do that ? swann now I be go to have to kill you . harry I do not think so . you need I alive . swann why ? so you can fuck my wife ? swann swoops down towards Harry , who level he gun . harry be careful . funeral make I trigger- happy . swann stop , inch from the ground . harry you know , it 's such a fuck waste . you can do shit most of we can only dream about , and you go around pretend it 's some trick . swann illusionist get . Las Vegas contract , d'amour . magician get burn . harry or murder , like nix . swann he deserve it . harry maybe he do not see it that way . maybe he 's digging he way out of the hole you put he right now . that 's what you be hide away from , be not it ? swann I do it for dorothea . harry oh yeah ? swann now that I be dead , the spotlight 's off she . Harry grab swann , literally pull he down to earth . now they be face to face . Eye to eye . swann , for all he posture , be afraid . harry so nix will not come look for she ? swann it 's I betrayed he . harry and she shot he I I think that would piss I off if I be nix . swann ( despair ) I do not know what else to do . harry help I . on swann , he face a churn mass of rage and fear . harry listen . if he 's back from the dead , then he be some kind of god . and he will find you , wherever the fuck you be . and if he 's just another phony messiah , then you can stage the great come - back in history . on swann . this do not sound like such a terrible idea . ext . nix be house - late afternoon a car come to a halt outside the house , where six vehicle be already gather . the snake -handling cultist get out . snake seethe out of the open car door . int . nix be house - various - late afternoon we move through the shadowy interior , catch sight of several cultist as we go . they all have look of barely suppress ecstasy on they face . we be move towards the sanctum , and it 's get darker . a match be strike , and a oil -flame sputter into life . we see norman be gleam face . on the wall be a picture of nix , float over a scene of apocalyptic destruction . norman brushes away thirteen year ' accrual of dirt . beneath , nix 's expression be as rabid and terrifying as ever . norman grin . CUT to : ext . liquor store - late afternoon a small , garishly - light liquor store . Harry 's car pull into the lot . swann get out , he disguise back on . head into the store . Harry , agitate and impatient , follow he . int . liquor store - late afternoon swann be at the cashier 's desk , with a bottle of cheap brandy . swann be this the best brandy you have get ? cashier if that 's what 's on the shelf . swann produce a thousand dollar bill out of thin air . swann can you change a thousand for I ? cashier ( amaze ) you be shittin ' I . harry can we go ? swann start to cough . a quarter fall from he mouth . harry oh jeez . swann will that do ? no ? swann cough again . put he hand to he mouth . a deluge of quarter run between he finger . swann that better ? the cashier gape . CUT to : ext . swann' mansion - poolside - ground - dusk the house could not look more reassuringly calm . a swan strut beside the pool . a long , hushed moment ... SHOCK CUT to : dorothea' dream a baboon shriek , its mouth fill the frame . CUT wide , to reveal the baboon , racing around nix 's sanctum , craze . hanging on the sculpture that swing from the roof be a shadowy figure . be it nix ? we can not quite see . Black blood run from the figure and splashes on the ground . now we see dorothea , be pull by the cultist towards the fall gout of dark fluid -- -- she struggle , sobbing -- CUT to : int . swann' mansion - dorothea' bedroom - night she toss around on the bed back to : dorothea' dream -- dorothea have a gun in she hand . the cultist shake it from she grip , and pull she directly under the blood -- as it splashes on she upturn face -- int . swann' mansion - dorothea' bedroom - night a SOUND . dorothea wake , distress by the dream . she get up and go out onto -- int . swann' mansion - landing - dusk look down the stair . dorothea who 's there ? silence . then , Valentin speak behind she . she jump . Valentin I be sorry . blood run from he cut face . dorothea jesus. Valentin . what do you do to you face ? butterfield ( v.o . ) it be I . she turn . he 's on she in a heartbeat , press she back against the wail . butterfield guess who we be go to see ? int . harry car - dusk Harry drive . swann take a throatful of brandy . then he stare at Harry . swann you think I be a asshole . harry do not know you read mind . swann ( a warning ) I can do a lot of shit , d'amour . but you know that . ( a apology ) so I like play game with people . give they something to wonder about ... harry be that all ? swann I distract they from they banality for a few minute . it 's like a public service . it do not mean much in the end . they be all go to die . harry and you be not ? silence for a moment . swann oh , I be go to discover the secret of the universe . that 's why I like nix . he promise I all this explanation . harry and he do not have they ? swann he have something . he show I how to bend the rule . a little levitation . a few firework . harry be that all ? swann no. ( a beat ) at the end ... when we have he cornere , he get into my head . he show I what we really look like , when the veneer 's go . jelly . shit ... harry and you believe he ? swann I see it with my own fuck eye ! see , that 's he best trick . no illusion . just the truth . ( he look at Harry ) be you ready for that ? Harry grab the brandy bottle from swann . swann hey ! Harry drink . swann think not . ext . swann' mansion - night pan down from the palm to Harry 's car , outside the front door . int . swann' mansion - various - night Harry put he head in the study , the library , the bedroom . harry dorothea ? now he 's on the landing . swann 's below . swann she 's not here . Harry spot Valentin 's blood on the carpet . harry do she know where nix be bury ? swann no . harry who else do ? do Valentin ? swann yes . harry Jesus ! ext . desert highway - night butterfield 's sedan cross the desert , under a sky full of star . int . butterfield sedan - night Valentin drive . butterfield and dorothea be in the back . dorothea be handcuff . he have a bag open at he foot . one by one he take out a series of extraordinary instrument . dorothea look on , confound . butterfield like the look of this ? I make they myself , to set he free . dorothea why do you wait so long ? butterfield I do not have the skill to resurrect he . I have to teach myself . and that take time . dorothea and you think he will be in a fit state to resurrect , after thirteen year ? butterfield if he be just a man like I , then no . but he 's not . dorothea what be he ? butterfield maybe he will show you . on dorothea , terror in she eye . ext . nix be house - night now there be a dozen vehicle park around the house . through the window , the flicker of oil - lamp flame . there be a low , ominous chant float from the house . it have no word , but it be steadily build in intensity . we drift towards the front door . int . nix be house - passageway - meditation room - night now we move down the passageway to the Meditation room . Inside , seventeen cultist kneel in a circle . they be all cutting off there hair , and throw it into the FIRE that blaze in the centre of the circle . they hack indiscriminately , with knive , scissor and razor , they eye wild . blood run down they face and neck from nick ear and scalp . and still the chant build , and build ... norman he will come ! he will come ! he will come ! ext . desert - nix be grave - night Wide . a few rock , and emptiness . the headlamps of butterfield 's sedan burn in the darkness , illuminate the dig . Valentin be in the grave , digging . on butterfield , as he stand at the edge of the hole , watch the work . dorothea stand a yard or two behind he . butterfield anything ? Valentin ( v.0 . ) not yet . butterfield squat at the edge of the hole and suddenly reach out for Valentin , haul he close . butterfield if you have lie to I to I -- Valentin I swear ... this be the place swann tell I about . the rock ... on dorothea , who use butterfield 's distraction to take a few step back towards the open car door . dorothea 's p.o.v. of butterfield , back to she , interrogate Valentin . butterfield five more minute . hear I ? and you would better not -- a SOUND behind he . butterfield wheel round . on the ground beside the open car door , the instrument . butterfield what the fuck be you play at ? he go to pick they up . dorothea step from behind the door , with the sharpest in she hand . she slashes at he . open a wound across he arm . butterfield aah ! he come at she suddenly , strike the instrument from she hand , and slamm she against the car . he hit she . once. twice . then -- Valentin ( v.o. ) butterfield ! butterfield go to the edge of the grave , pick up the flashlight and train the beam on Valentin . Valentin ( blind ) in the corner ... the beam go to the corner of the grave . a mummify hand be stick out of one of the wall . butterfield ( to Valentin ) keep away from it . butterfield jump down into the grave , and go to the hand . the track be silent , but for butterfield 's shallow breath . he reach out to touch nixos finger ... closer ... closer ... he touch the hand - and the wall of sand come down with a roar ! he jump back as nix 's corpse , he head still seal by the mask roll into view . Valentin oh Christ ! oh Christ ! butterfield ( reverentially ) it 's he ... it 's he . on dorothea , slide down the car in despair . CUT to : int . harry car - night the car be static ; the engine still run . harry they get here before we . swann look that way . ext . nix be grave - night Harry get out of the car and start towards the open grave . harry moving p.o.v. of the grave Harry reach the grave 's -edge . it 's totally dark . he peer in . on he heel , as the ground crumble beneath he weight . Harry slide into the grave . harry shit ! he 's in darkness now . he get to he foot , and start to try and scramble out . harry swann ? swann ! silence . suddenly , a hand be laid on he shoulder ! Harry swing round . it 's Valentin . he have be badly cut up . Valentin d'amour -- harry shit ... Valentin help I . he collapse into Harry 's arm . harry swann ! int . harry car - night indecision be write all over swann 's face : to help or not to help ? harry ( v.o. ) swann ! he decide . get out . ext . nix be grave - might swann go to the graveside , terrify . harry give I a hand . I get Valentin . together , Harry and swann lift Valentin out of the grave and lay he in the blaze of the headlamps . valentim he 's get dorothea . swann and nix ? Valentin him too . harry we have get to get you to a hospital . Valentin do not bother . harry shut up . we have lose enough life already . Valentin I be sorry , d'amour ... harry what about ? Valentin ... look like you be go ... to lose ... one more . Valentin die . harry ( despair ) ... no ... swann he 's better off this way . harry ( furious ) nobody 's better off this wave ! swann you do not get it , do you ? we be shit . d'amour . he put he foot beneath Valentin 's body . it roll back into nix 's grave . swann that 's where we be all go . harry in my time , and nobody else 's . on the empty grave , as we hear the SOUND of Harry and swann get into the car . the door slam . the car light retreat . the grave be leave to darkness . ext . nix be house - night the house be silent now . int . nix be house - passageway - night we track through the house . the cultist , all seventeen of they , stand in the passageway , look toward nix 's sanctum . on the sanctum door . butterfield emerge . he be wear white now . butterfield do you wish he to be amongst we ? cultist yes ... butterfield will you come to he on you knee ? cultist yes ... butterfield be ready . now we see that the cultist have bottle in they hand . with look of ecstatic fervour on they face , they smash the bottle to the ground at they bare foot . then they pick up more bottle , and smash they , littering the ground with razor sharp piece of glass . on butterfield , smile . he step back into the sanctum . int . nix be house - sanctum - night high , wide shot of the room , as butterfield approach the body of nix . it lie on a table , surround by bowl of oil . bandage , soak in oil , be laid over its limb . beside its head , butterfield 's instrument be laid out . on dorothea , crouch in the corner of the room , terrify as she watch butterfield remove the multi - part mask screw into nix 's face . he work with surgical precision . dorothea listen . you have get everything you want . you do not need I . .. a piece of the mask come away from the cheek . a subtle power pluck at dust around the room , disturbing it minutely . we CUT close to dorothea 's face throughout this sequence ( on occasion she eyeball fill the screen ) as she see this sign of disturbance in the ether , grow in magnitude . butterfield no , but he will . after what you do to he . he pull a piece of the mask from nix 's mouth . butterfield he will want vengeance . simple ps that . int . nix be house - passageway - night the bottle - break have cease . the cultist stand , breathless with anticipation . int . nix be house - sanctum - night on nix 's emaciate mouth . the lip twitch . on dorothea . the dust move around she . and nix draw breath . on butterfield , tear in he eye . butterfield oh my Lord . he 's come home ... int . nix be house - passageway - night the whisper run through the congregation : cultist he 's come home ... he /s come home ... int . nix be house - sanctum - night on dorothea , eye wide . dorothea Christ in Heaven . on nix , as he body start to thirstily soak up the oil . his withere flesh start to rehydrate ; he vein start to throb . butterfield be watch the process in amazement . nix 's hand move up to he face , where the last portion of the mask be still screw over he eye . butterfield he 's with we ... int . nix be house - passageway - night cultist he 's with we ... he 's with we ... int . nix be house - sanctum - night unnotice by butterfield , who have he eye on nix , dorothea get to she foot and creep away to the door . very quiet track . suddenly , the snake-handle cultist step into view , snake coiled around he face and finger ! dorothea oh God ! butterfield look up . butterfield hold she ! on nix , as he start to pull at the mask on he face . it come away with a moist , wrenching SOUND . at last , we see he eye . nix be p.o.v. the candle - light blaze , blinding he sensitive eye . nix ( fury to agony ) aaarrrgh ! he get up and fling himself around the room , knock over all the light but two . then he strike butterfield to the ground , and slam he foot on butterfield 's neck , knock he unconscious . it 's a terrifying , almost demoniacal display of instant physical superiority . throughout , he literally roar in rage . int . nix be house - passageway - night the cultist scream in sympathy , let out year of repress frustration . many of they be dance on the shard of glass now , craze . CUT to : ext . desert near nix be house - night Harry 's car be park a quarter mile from nix 's house . he be get out . swann stay put . the SOUND of scream be carry towards they on the wind . harry ( spook ) Jesus ... what the hell 's go on in there ? swann at a guess ... they just resurrected he . harry fuck . Harry start towards the house . after a beat , swann get out of the car and follow . int . nix be house - sanctum - - night on butterfield , as nix remove he foot . butterfield be out for the count . on nix , as he stop scream . his face be grotesquely disfigure by the mask , the flesh stain and corrupt . the scream of the cultist be die away . nix Children ... int . nix be house - passageway - night the cultist all face the sanctum door , await instruction . nix will you suffer to come unto I ? one by one , the cultist fall to they knee . we never see flesh pierce by break glass . but we hear it , and see the agony on the cultist 's face . they start to sob . then , nix appear in the doorway , mostly hide by shadow . nix I have come back to share the wisdom of the grave . will you hear it ? cultist yes ... yes ... nix follow I then . he step out of the doorway . the cultist let out sob of adoration . nix lock at dorothea . nix do I know you , child ? he reach for she . pull she close to he body . dorothea keep she self - possession ; but only just . nix oh yes ... I do , do not I ? no gun this time , child ? ( a beat ) where 's swann ? dorothea I do not know where he be . nix pick she up , so that she foot be inch off the ground . nix he will come . we have get unfinish business , he and I . then he carry she down the passageway to the Meditation room , walk on the glass , apparently indifferent to the wound he 's receive . the cultist follow . int . nix be house - meditation room - night nix stride into the middle of the room . nix ( whisper to dorothea ) something terrible 's go to happen . but if you hold on to I , very tight , you may live a little longer . the cultist enter the room , knee and hand bloody . nix ( to cultist ) be you ready for my wisdom ? cultist tell we ... tell we ... int . nix be house - sanctum - night Harry push open the window , and climb in . swann follow . he be freeze by the memory of what happen here . on swann , as the track fill with eerie echoes of that terrible event . nix 's scream . the gun-shot . the sound of the screws grinding into nix 's flesh . swann ( in terrify awe ) this be where we kill he . harry ( look at table ) you do not try hard enough . swann I can not ... I can not go any further ... Harry nod , and gently detach he arm from swann 's panicked grip . he cross to the door . suddenly . butterfield reach out of the darkness , and catch hold of Harry 's leg . throw he to the ground . he have one of the instrument in he hand . he stab at Harry , strike the ground between Harry 's leg . int . nix be house - meditation room - night nix here be my wisdom . he stamp on the ground . crack spread from he foot in all direction . on the cultist , amaze by this manifestation of power . barbara show we . puritan . norman yes , show we ! all show we ! show we ! with a roar , a pit four or five foot across open up beneath nix and dorothea . nix hover over it . it 's utterly dark ; perhaps bottomless . dorothea scream ! int . nix be house - sanctum - - night hear dorothea 's cry , Harry look back towards the passageway . butterfield pull the instrument out of the ground and stab at Harry a second time . but swann catch hold of he arm . swann ( to Harry ) whatever he 's do to she , stop he ! and Harry 's up and away -- int . nix be house - passageway - night -- he dash over the glass -- int . nix be house - meditation room - night on nix , dorothea clasped close to he . he revolve as he float over the chasm below then . nix ( to unseen cultist ) you see , I escape the grave . so I have to give something to the grave in return . on the cultist , listen to they lord with love in they eye . a slit open in the middle of nix 's forehead , above the bridge of he nose ( this be a image we see in the print in the library ) , and from it come a wave of darkness . as nix revolve , the darkness strike the ground around the cultist . at first they do not realize what 's go on . they think this be some kind of bizarre bless . then the ground start to liquify beneath they . norman what 's happen ? nix I have to give something back . so I be give you . they be start to scream now as they sink into the ground . they struggle , of course , but the earth seem to be hungry for they . they be drag down , thrashing as they sink . barbara ( sobbing ) why ? why ? nix you be not worthy . none of you . only swann be worthy . you just wait like lamb . Harry appear in the doorway . nix , still swinging round , have he back to Harry . nix well I be not you shepherd . Harry survey the horrific scene in front of he . the ground be now re-solidify around the cultist , some of whom have disappear from view completely , some of whom still reach up out of the dirt . the scene have a surreal beauty to it despite its horror . scream face lock in the solid ground . twitching hand the same . Harry start towards nix and dorothea , gun levell . so far , he have avoid nix 's gaze . int . nix be house - sanctum - night butterfield and swann be lock in a life - or-death struggle . they tumble back against the table upon which nix be resurrected . it collapse under they , and for a moment swann be stunne . butterfield snatch up one of the instrument and stab at swann , who roll out of the way in the nick of time . the blade catch he in the arm , however . swann aah ! butterfield go on , bleed . ( he slashes at swann again ) go on ! go on ! butterfield come after he , and swann back off against a wall . he spit out a serpentine flame , which race across the floor and leap at butterfield 's face ! butterfield ( scream ) no ! he fall backwards , he face on FIRE . swann do not wait to watch he die , but race out into the passageway , blood run from he wound . int . nix be house - meditation room - night Harry be stare up at dorothea as he very gingerly cross the still - sticky ground . he 's a yard from the edge of the pit now . nix swing round . nix you be not swann . who be you ? ( a beat ) ) oh ... I know what you want . he let dorothea slip from he arm . Harry fling himself towards the hole and catch hold of dorothea 's arm before she fall away into the abyss . his gun go spin across the ground , back towards the door lead to the passageway . dorothea oh God ! harry hang on ! nix reach down to torment Harry . but before he can make contact swann ( v.o. ) nix ! nix look up . nix there you be . suddenly , nix be not interested in Harry and dorothea . he step onto solid ground , and walk towards swann , he tone suddenly conversational . nix I have have a lot of time to think about you . where I go wrong ... with nix 's back turn , Harry pull dorothea back out of the chasm . swann and ? nix I should have be honest with you , right from the start . I be not bear to show people the error of they way . I be bear to murder the world . on harry , as he lead dorothea to the door . Harry glance back into the room . nix you could still help I do that . swann why would I want to ? nix because you have get nothing else to live for . swann not true . nix the woman have a new love in she life . you friend be dead . nobody 's leave to save you , but I he lay he hand on swann . draw he into a embrace . on harry and dorothea . harry ( to dorothea ) I have get to help he . dorothea you can not . harry nix have get to have a weak spot . everybody 's get a fuck weak spot . a noise . he turn , and suddenly -- butterfield be there ! his face be horribly burn , but he 's still very much alive . butterfield bastard ! he launch himself at Harry , drive they both back into the broken glass . a fight ensue , carry they out into the passageway . nix have swann in a bear-hug . nix will you help I ? a beat . then swann nod . swann yes . nix let he go . nix you know I will kill you when we be do . I have to . swann yes . nix but until then ... it 's you and I ... the way it always be . swann yes . dorothea , at the doorway , watch this bizarre exchange . swann 's eye flicker towards she . nix turn . nix wait ... you still feel something for that bitch ? swann no ! nix liar ! nix make a gesture , and swann be flung against the wall , pin there like a fly , leg off the ground . nix will ! you ! never ! learn !? with each word , nix almost casually throw a gesture in swann 's direction , and though there be six foot between they , they have the force of terrible blow . one to the rib . they crack . one to the face . it bleed . one to the leg , one to the arm . they all break . then nix turn towards dorothea . nix she 's just flesh , swannnie -boy . I will show you ! he move towards dorothea . swann fall to the ground , break . swann Harry ! int . nix be house - passageway - night the fight between butterfield and Harry continue . swann ( v.o. ) Harry ! stop he ! Harry look up . see dorothea retreate from the door , and run off into the darkness . butterfield come at Harry again . Harry 's get no more time for this creep . he deliver butterfield a backhand swipe , and butterfield land face down in the glass . we do not see the impact . hearing it 's enough . Harry look down at the body . then -- nix ( v.o. ) where be she ? Harry turn . nix be on he like a luoaernaut . tread on butterfield 's body as he come at Harry ! nix where do she go ? nix grab hold of Harry 's head with one hand and presses the finger of - the other hand against Harry 's temple . he struggle to get free , but nix be simply too powerful . nix 's finger slowly slide beneath the skin of Harry 's temple . as before , there 's no blood . nix you have get swann 's disease . you think a little courage , a little love , and it will all be all right . wrong ! his finger slide all the way in ! harry oh God ! Harry wrest himself free of nix , and stumble away . his eye be blood - red . nix be a few yard behind he . nix tell I where she be ... and I will make it go away ... Harry be reeling around in the grip of a nightmare . harry p.o.v. the apocalyptic image on the wall seem to move ! a face scream ! FIRE blossom ! on harry , verge on insanity . harry oh God ... oh God ... harry p.o.v. Harry see a woman , wrap in the sickly - sensual embrace of some glisten , barely visible obscenity . we can not see she face . only she mouth be visible in the coil of she devourer . on harry as he approach the wall , on which this woman be paint . reaching out for the image . harry p.o.v. the woman reach for Harry . woman help I . on harry as he touch the wall . harry dorothea ! he start to scratch out the plaster on which the image be paint . harry dorothea ! dorothea ! harry p.o.v. darkness swallow the image of the woman . she be still scream when she disappear . int . nix be house - meditation room - night on swann , drag he break body to the door . int . nix be house - passageway - night on harry literally beat he head against the wall ! harry no! no! no ! dorothea ( v.o. ) Harry ... Harry stop . dare he believe this be truly she voice ? dorothea it 's not real , Harry - Harry turn around . dorothea be there . harry p.o.v. for a moment , he see dorothea as she be . on harry , relief flooding he face . then -- harry p.o.v. -- the image morph . dorothea 's beauty be replace by primeval muck . on harry , appal . dorothea grab hold of he . dorothea Harry . listen to I . whatever 's good between we , believe it . Harry 's face be deathly white , and pour sweat . he 's fight the delirium . or do he best . harry ... oh ... God ... dorothea I be here , Harry . harry ... yes ? dorothea yes . nix step from the shadow of the doorway behind Harry . nix ( to dorothea ) there you be , child . Harry start to look round . dorothea do not look . harry I ... have ... to . nix come on , child . I want swann to see you die . Harry turn and look at nix . harry p.o.v. nix 's face darken as it morph . and the flesh in the middle of he brow unfold , revealing a dark , pulsate third eye . nix ( to Harry ) what be you look at ? on dorothea , who have go to the door of the Meditation room and now slip inside . on harry , stare up at nix . on dorothea , re-emerge from the Meditation room . in she hand , Harry 's gun . Harry look round at she . harry ( point to he brow ) there ... there ! on nix , as he look up at dorothea . on dorothea , as she raise the gun . she fire . the bullet strike nix 's forehead . he sink to he knee , blood pour down he face from the hole where he third eye use to be . on harry , as nix 's mind - hold falter . he lean against the wall , shaking . dorothea Harry ? harry I be okay . I be okay . Harry open he eye . look up at she . harry p.o.v. the last of the morphing fade . he see dorothea as she actually be . dorothea go down to comfort he , and they embrace . suddenly , a roar from nix . they look towards he -- -- it be not over . one last , terrifying transformation be overtake nix as he kneel in the glass . his sallow flesh be run in stream up he body towards the dark hole in the middle of he forehead -- nix one ... last ... illusion ... -- he humanity be disappear , vanish into the vortex of the bullet wound . dorothea oh my God . Harry and dorothea start to get up ... nix be no longer human . he be a shape of gleam darkness , stripped of feature . he open he mouth , the only visible element on he body be he toothe maw , which loose a utterly inhuman shriek ! swann ( v.o. ) ... d'amour ... Harry glance through the door into the Meditation room . swann be on the threshold . nix rise now . he be a terrifying spectacle , he bulk somehow more intimidating than ever in this simplify form . he come at dorothea , who have no choice but to back away into the Meditation room . int . nix be house - meditation room - night the pit still yawn in the middle of the floor . dorothea be back towards it by nix . when nix speak , he voice be not remotely human . it be demoniacal . nix I be the purest of the pure . I be the darkest of the dark ... Harry be at the door now , start towards nix . swann Harry . you can not kill he . Harry crouch beside swann . harry ( whisper ) he do something with the ground . swann yes ? harry can you do it ? swann I do not know . harry try . on dorothea . she 's a couple of yard from the pit now . nix ( v.o. ) I be beyond Heaven . I be beyond Hell . suddenly , Harry lunge at nix , grab hold of he leg . nix topple . on swann , who put he hand on the ground . close he eye . a wave of liquification run through the ground from swann 's break finger -- -- the cultist ' body move in the soften ground , like corpse in surf , and roll towards the pit , they dead face resurfacing -- Barbara 's body float past nix , and disappear over the edge of the pit . harry ( to dorothea ) get out of here ! the ground be very liquid now , and the corpse be lodging around nix as they be all carry towards the pit . so 's Harry , of course . nix try to get up , but he 's too late . the corpse weigh he down , the ground be too fluid for he to get a proper hold , and Harry still cling to he leg . nix no! no! no ! he 's at the edge of the pit . dorothea ( v.o. ) Harry ! Harry look round . dorothea 's behind he , risk the flow ground to offer he a hand . nix start to fall into the pit . at the last minute , he reach for Harry , as -- -- Harry be pull out of reach bv dorothea . together they stumble to the door , where swann still lie . they look back to see nix , as he go over the edge of the pit and fall scream . at the door , dorothea lift up swann 's head . he 's dead . she close he eye . CUT to : int . the pit what we be about to witness be the longest fall - to-his - death by any villain in the history of cinema ... nix be fall through rock . still scream . he crash against a layer of stone , which he body smashes to smithereen . and as he fall -- int . nix be house - passageway - night dorothea be it finish ? harry I think so . no it 's not . nix keep fall , break through another layer of rock as he descend deeper and deeper into the earth . and now ... there 's a hint of fiery light below . he 's approach magma . int . nix be house - passageway - night dorothea come on ... she put she arm around he . kiss he , sobbing with relief . int . the pit nix hit a layer of molten rock , and , scream , he disappear . a burst of dark , roiling ENERGY erupt from the spot where he sink , and start up the pit -- int . nix be house - meditation room - night the room trembles . there 's a roar in the earth . int . nix be house - passageway - night harry what the fuck ? dorothea Harry -? harry out ! out ! they race for the front door -- int . the pit -- the wave of ENERGY , like a howling , dark wind , ascend at a breath - take rate int . nix be house - passageway - night Harry and dorothea race for the open air , as int . nix be house - meditation room - night the ENERGY erupt from the pit . ext . nix be house - front door - night Harry and dorothea stumble out , into the night -- int . nix be house - various - night the ENERGY howl from room to room , eroding the image off the wall , blowing out the door , destroy all the resurrection equipment in the sanctum -- ext . nix be house - desert - dawn Harry and dorothea stumble to the car . they look back at the house , as the cacophony of destruction die down . on the rim of the SUN , as it peep over the desert horizon . int . nix be house - various - dawn the sunlight creep through the room as the dust settles . int . nix be house - meditation room - dawn the hole in the floor close up , and be sealed ... silence reign . ext . nix be house - desert - dawn Harry and dorothea get into the car . Harry glance back at the house . nothing . harry ( quietly ) it 's finish . ext . nix be house - front door - idol - dawn on the idol and the front door , virtually destroy by tine . we drift through they , intercutting with : ext . harry car - desert road - dawn Harry 's car speed away , leave a plume of dust as the credit roll