lord of war written by Andrew niccol fade up close up on the face of yuri orlov . late-thirty , maybe the wrong side of forty , cigarette dangle from he finger , wear a conservative suit and tie . Black smoke waft in front of he face . he speak matter - of - factly , directly into camera . yuri there be over 550 million firearm in worldwide circulation . that 's one firearm for every twelve people on the planet . the only question be ... ( take a draft and stubbing out the cigarette ) ...how do we arm the other eleven ? the camera zoom away from he face , revealing : yuri alone on a battlefield surround by the char carcass of armored military vehicle and other equipment , discard weapon and ammunition , desert floor stain with what appear to be blood . the faint sound of gunfire , some distance away , carry to we on the wind . CUT to : a title sequence follows - a continuous shot from a camera mounted on the back of a bullet casing - illustrating the lifespan of the bullet . - gunpowder be pour into a metal case , lead slug mount on top . a bullet be bear . a perfect 39mm . - the bullet travel along a conveyor belt with thousand of identical sibling in a ukrainian factory so grey it 's monochrome . - the bullet , pick up by a ham - fisted ukrainian factory worker , be toss into a crate . - the bullet , lie in its open crate , roll down a chute where it 's inspect by a ukrainian military officer hold a manifest . he seem to stare directly at we bullet . ukrainian officer ( to he subordinate carry a manifest , in ukrainian ) call it " agricultural machinery " . - the bullet 's crate rattles around in a open -bed truck along a industrial road , pass a decapitate statue of lenin . - the crate contain we bullet be place on a ship in the cold grey odessa harbor . a container door close , plunging the bullet into darkness . - the door re-open . the bullet , still in its crate , now bask in bright , tropical sunshine , surround by a azure sea . - the crate be remove by a pair of slim , dark hand , revealing a glimpse of the bustling , weathered port of abidjan in the ivory Coast . the crate be one of dozen unload from the ship . - bullet 's Pov from another open - air truck , now slogging through a mud-clogged road in lush rainforest . - the bullet be unload from the truck in freetown , Sierra leone - immediately grab by the young hand of a ruf soldier . - the bullet be load into a 30 - round magazine which be insert into a AK - 47 machine gun . - the bullet wait - in the gloomy chamber . suddenly , from outside , the sound of raise voice and gunfire . - the bullet and its neighbor start to rise quickly up the magazine towards the chamber as the kalashnikov be fire . - we hero bullet be next . will it see action ? - smack . the gun 's bolt striek the explosive cap , gunpowder ignite , the bullet drive out of the barrel . - shed of its case - now only a slug - the bullet emerge into bright sunshine . it be fly down the main street in freetown . - the bullet give we a perfect point - of - view of the bullet ahead of it . they be both fly towards they intend target - a wild - eye child soldier , a boy no more than twelve , fire a AK - 47 almost as tall as he be . - the lead bullet narrowly miss , whistle past the boy' ear , strike the whitewash wall behind - one more pock - mark in a building riddled with pock -mark . - we bullet , follow close behind , find its mark , slamm into the boy 's forehead just above he leave eye - he expression , oddly relieved . - the bullet carve through the lobe of the boy 's brain where it be envelop in blood , finally plunge into darkness - the bullet 's final rest place . CUT to black ext . odessa - MAIN STREET . day . " towards a brighter Socialist future " , read a billboard in the main street . odessa , u.s.s.r - 1980 Fifteen -year-old yuri walk into frame . he spy a long line snake away from the door of a barren grocery store . yuri ( v.o. ) I be bear yuri orlovitch in the city of odessa in a country that no longer exist . you might have hear of it - a little place call the Soviet Union . a young communist sit in the shadow of a statue of trotsky in the Soviet -style plaza , jacket and neckerchief remove in the summer heat , poring over a Communist text . yuri approach , pretend to be interested in the statue , glance to the Young Communist 's book . yuri ( in subtitle ukrainian , look over the idealist 's shoulder ) all property be theft . the Young Communist nod at this kindre spirit . yuri pat he comrade on the back , take the opportunity to steal the boy' red neckerchief and lenin pin . int . grocery store . day . now wear the pin in he own jacket along with the neckerchief and a stern expression , yuri stride to the front of the line in the store . yuri ( v.o. ) where I grow up , everyone be equal . some be just more equal than other . the female store clerk be about to order yuri to the back of the line when yuri flash the pin . intimidate , the clerk smile and pull a special tray from under the counter . in contrast to the meager offering on the shelf , the tray contain bag of sugar , coffee , bananas , even pepsi . int . apartment - odessa . day . a Soviet - style apartment building . Front door open - yuri enter , shopping bag in hand . his mother , irina , poke she head out of the kitchen . yuri hold up a banana . yuri ( in subtitle ukrainian ) shortage ? what shortage ? irina shake she head in amazement . int . apartment - live room . day . while a parade of weapon in Red Square play silently on the state - control tv , father anatoly and military cadet older brother vitaly , shoulder bandage , sit at a tiny table , drink cheap vodka and listen intently to a illegal shortwave radio - coat hanger for antenna . yuri ( v.o. ) my father be a wounded hero of World War two , my young brother be wounded in Afghanistan - a war without heroes . I would get out of military service due to a heart problem - it be not completely a lie . yuri join they , careful not to interrupt the broadcoast . he go to pour himself a glass of vodka . without look away from the radio , he father 's hand grasp yuri 's in a vice - like grip , prevent he from lift the bottle . radio announcer ( impossibly upper-crust british accent ) -- finally , in response to human rights protest and in a effort to encourage the United States to sell grain to the Soviet Union after two successive crop failure , it be report that the politburo have consent to permit a limited number of Jews to emigrate from the Soviet Union to Israel . ( beat ) and that conclude this edition of news from the BBC World service . anatoly , deep in think , switch off the radio . irina enter , put yuri 's " feast " on the table . they speak ukrainian , subtitle . anatoly ( incredulous ) Trading Jews for grain . vitaly ( reach for a banana ) it 's good p.r. - for the Moscow Olympic . irina ( shrug ) good for the Jews . yuri and we . all eye to yuri , family confuse . yuri ( cont would ) ( matter -of - fact ) we be jewish . vitaly ( scoffing ) we be not jewish . yuri ( shrug ) we be jewish if we say we be jewish . the stunne family stare at he - out of the mouth of babe . anatoly finally break the silence , pour yuri a drink . anatoly mazeltov . yuri and the family drink to they new identity . ext . cemetery , odessa . day . a sea of jewish gravestone . yuri and anatoly bribe the cemetery custodian . yuri ( v.o. ) there have be few occasion in the twentieth century when it 's be a advantage to be a Jew . under he father 's watchful gaze , yuri take a rub from one of the headstone - " orlov " . int . ukrainian government office . day . anatoly , with yuri at he side , present the rub along with other crudely forge paperwork confirm they jewish ancestry to a clerk . " orlovitch " now " orlov " . yuri ( v.o. ) the rub from the jewish headstone be my first forge document . Little about my life have be kosher ever since . the clerk give anatoly and yuri the once -over , then stamp a emigration visa . int . apartment , bedroom . night . suitcase in hand , yuri survey he bedroom for the last time . a car horn . he glance through the window to the communist- style plaza below . anatoly beckon impatiently to yuri . vitaly and irina load overstuff suitcase into a old Russian sedan drive by a old Russian military Officer , uncle dmitri . yuri stare at himself in the mirror . he replace he steal Soviet pin for a necklace - a Star of David . int . BEN gurion airport - tel aviv . day . close up on a heavily - retouch photograph of golda meir . she 's still not pretty . yuri stare up at it . yuri ( v.o. ) we Russian Jews be suppose to be head for Israel but I do not see much of the country on that first trip . we reveal he be stand in a jam -pack , stand - roam - only " transit " lounge . yuri ( v.o. ) Real Jews or fake Jews , eighty - five percent of we end up in that other " promise land " . the Pan american destination board read : " PA 447 to new york " . ext . brighton beach - " little odessa " . dusk . in the distance , a roller coaster in coney Island , silhouett against the afternoon sky . " Little odessa " , New York - 1984 the camera travel off the coaster to a restaurant , apartment above it . yuri ( v.o. ) we congregate in New York 's Brighton Beach because of its similarity to the crimean Sea . I have always think it 's appropriate we move next door to the circus . int . " crimean restaurant " - little odessa . day . a typical jewish establishment with all its paraphernalia - menorah on the mantle , etc . the family sit in a small dining room attach to the restaurant . anatoly read the torah as he wait for dinner with yuri and vitaly . yuri ( v.o. ) I have no idea my father would take he assume identity so much to heart . I guess he just stay in character . yuri , older , as we now know he , study school work . long-haire vitaly watch " Band Aid " on tv . irina put a plate of mussel in front of anatoly . anatoly ( glaring at the plate , incredulous ) how many time -- I can not eat shellfish . it 's " treyf " . irina you be not jewish . anatoly I like it . ( pick up he feel fedora ) I like the hat - to remind we there 's something above we . I like that . anatoly don he hat . anatoly ( cont would ) I be go to temple . irina you be not go to temple . you go to temple more than the rabbi ! vitaly begin eat he father 's plate of mussel . yuri watch he father exit . yuri ( v.o. ) I be suffer a identity crisis of my own . we focus on orientation booklet from a career fair . yuri shuffles between the eagle of the CIA and the dove of the U.N. yuri ( v.o. ) my gift for language make I highly seek after . the c.i.a. and U.N. be both heavily recruiting Russian immigrant . yuri settles on the dove . ext . UNITED nation . day . the idealistic yuri , ill-fitting suit , full of optimism , approach the United Nations Building . yuri ( v.o. ) naturally , I go with the u.n . they be pay more . he stride past luxembourg 's gift to the U.N. - a sculpture of a gun with its barrel tie in a knot . never give it a look . he be greet at the entrance by a attractive female U.N. official , vivian carlisle . she like what she see . int . armore personnel carrier . day . the blue helmete yuri be seat in a white U.N. armored personnel carrier , the background behind he morph from one third World location to another : third World desert to third World rainforest to third World slum . yuri ( v.o. ) the fastest way to find out you can not change the world be to actually go there . ext . nrfl rebel headquarters - northern liberia . day . poolside at a recently - capture Southern -style colonial mansion , a long way from Georgia . gbamga , Liberia - 1985 yuri ( v.o. ) West Africa 's Liberia , or " land of the free " , be originally establish in the 1800' as a homeland for freed american negroe . it 's be enslave by one dictator or another ever since . they even copy they master ' Southern architecture . a tatty pile of weapon - some from World War ii - sit in front of a long negotiate table . yuri , blue beret , observe the chief U.N. envoy at the table opposite warlord andre baptiste , leader of the National Revolutionary Front of Liberia ( nrfl ) . baptiste , 40' , be a impose figure . in full uniform despite the heat , he wear a jacket one size too small as if he cannot admit he extra few pound . his third wife stand next to he , wiping the sweat from he brow like a intermittent windscreen wiper . yuri ( v.o . ) it be my first meeting with the american - educate Andre Roosevelt baptiste . while the warning sign be all there , no one have any idea what a monster he would eventually become . I certainly do not think he would become my friend . baptiste have a U.N. document in front of he , await he signature , clearly enjoy he moment in the sun . U.N. envoy ( refer to the meager pile of weapon ) -- with all due respect , Mr. baptiste , you do not seriously expect we to believe that this represent you entire arsenal . baptiste shrug . U.N. envoy ( cont would ) this be make a nonsense of the embargo ratify by all five permanent member of the Security Council . the escalation in the build up of arm jeopardize not only order in the region but ultimately world order . baptiste smile . baptiste ( play to the gallery ) -- World order ? you say we jeopardize world order ? baptiste 's third wife wipe he brow . baptiste ( cant would ) you idea of world order be when you be give the order to the world . the envoy have no response . baptiste rise from the table , leave the unsign document sit there . baptiste ( cant would ) Excuse I . baptiste be accompany by two armed bodyguard . yuri 's commanding officer , captain vivian carlisle , motion for one of she detail to follow - yuri . baptiste ( irritate by yuri 's presence ) I be only go to the restroom . yuri ( shrug ) order . they reach the door mark , " men " . baptiste ( aside to he bodyguard as he enter ) this be what they mean by U.N. observer ? yuri wince at the remark . int . presidential mansion restroom . day . baptiste piss at a urinal . yuri and the bodyguard hang back a respectful distance . baptiste ( taunting yuri ) be not you go to help I hold my cock ? yuri ( glance towards the urinal ) do not look like a job for two man . the bodyguard stiffen at the insult . baptiste stare yuri down for a moment , then suddenly burst into laughter . the two bodyguard also start to laugh - cautiously . baptiste wash he hand , stare at yuri in the mirror , smile . baptiste you know you be fight a lose battle , my young friend . War be nature . if you take away the gun , we will kill each other with knife . take away the knife , we will kill each other with stick . take away the stick , we will kill each other with you peace treaty . ( turn to face yuri ) you can not stop this bath of blood . yuri it 's not " bath of blood " . it 's , " blood bath " . baptiste thank you . but I like it my way . baptiste smile and exit , leave the word ringing in yuri 's head . ext . U.N. compound - monrovia . day . a pep rally for the mostly male U.N. peacekeeper . a stage have be erect in the rundown embassy grounds . they chant and stamp they foot impatiently . a U.N. officer , act as m.c. , approach the microphone . m.c. ( battle the microphone 's feedback ) and now , we have a surprise for you . the 83rd West African peacekeep Corp be proud to present , all the way from El salvador , the newly crown miss World , ava cordova . from behind a jerry -rigged curtain appear the vision that be ava cordova . she wear a dress that appear to have be sewn onto she . she be obscenely beautiful in the squalid set . the peacekeeper roar and whistle they approval . yuri , near the front of the stage , be hypnotize . stand closer to yuri than necessary , despite the crush , be captain vivian carlisle ( attractive in she own right but pale in comparison with the goddess on stage ) . she catch yuri 's reaction . U.N. peacekeeper ( chant to ava ) take it off , baby ! take it off ! ava step up to the microphone . ava ( refer to the sea of U.N. beret ) baby blue . my favorite color ! a roar of approval from the man . ava ( cant would ) I suppose I could give you the speech about " my hope for world peace " but I have a feel you do not want to hear that today . U.N. peacekeeper ( call out ) my hope be for a piece of you ass ! they roar again . ava ( laugh it off ) I do not know if you will be take I to bed tonight , darling , but you can take she . ava unfurl a life-size poster of herself in a swimsuit , flirtatiously hold it up against she body . she toss other poster to eager hand . ava ( cant would ) you be all do a great job - keep it up . enjoy the show ! on stage , a generic-looking rock group start to play a cover from the 80' - tear for fear ' " shout " . ava dance enthusiastically , provocatively . ava appear to make eye-contact with yuri - blow a kiss in he direction . he be paralyze . later backstage , yuri and other peacekeeper observe ava escort towards a huge , american car . a inebriated U.N. peacekeeper try to get she attention . U.N. peacekeeper ava ! ava ! as the young man reach out to she , a slick , handsome business manager shove he aside . manager do not touch what you can not afford . the manager slip into the car beside ava . the U.N. peacekeeper and yuri watch the car roar away . U.N. peacekeeper ( regret indulge the fantasy ) let 's get drunk . ext . downtown monrovia - bar . night . yuri and two other U.N. peacekeeper get load on local beer with local prostitute - one of the peacekeeper pour beer down a prostitute 's throat . from the shadow across the street , a liberian man observe the group . yuri 's colleague toss some liberian dollar at a waiter and stagger drunkenly away from the bar , lean for support on the prostitute . yuri remain at the verandah , exchange a smile with a young prostitute , at least two year from legal . he 's tempt . he knock back he drink . he approach the girl - press a few bill into she hand . she pick up she purse , make to leave with he but he motion she to stay . monrovian girl ( refer to the money ) what 's this ? yuri ( explain the tip ) for the smile . yuri exit alone . the liberian man , across the street , follow . ext . downtown monrovia - STREET . night . yuri walk down a poorly - light sidestreet . he feel something in he back - stop abruptly . his hand reflexively go to he holster . empty . he turn . the young liberian man be hold he up with he own gun . yuri ( mixing English and french ) fuck , no , no , no , no -- fuck , no . money ? you want money ? ( go through he pocket , he start pull out loose bill ) fuck , no . do not shoot . do not shoot I . fuck. U.S. dollar . ( refer to the face on a five dollar bill ) President lincoln . the liberian put he finger to he lip to hush yuri . the liberian appear more interested in the gun than the hold -up . liberian man ( in flawless English ) Glock .45 . the liberian produce a crisp U.S. twenty dollar bill of he own , offer it to yuri . liberian man ( cont would ) ( refer to the face on a twenty dollar bill ) Jackson . yuri what ? yuri stare at the money , bewilder . liberian man President Jackson . he shake he head . yuri no . liberian man ( misinterprete he ) you be drive a hard bargain . he hand yuri a second twenty . yuri ( flabbergasted ) no , keep it . keep the money . keep the gun . liberian man ( offended ) what do you take I for - a thief ? the liberian stuff the money in the pocket of the bewilder yuri . liberian man demand and supply . ( refer to the gun ) there be more I be think where this come from . yuri ( incredulous ) you want more glock ? liberian man and the heckler &amp ; koch G -3 assault rifle . yuri what make you think I will do that ? liberian man ( quizzical ) I will come back and shoot you with the Glock . ( check the magazine , refer to the bullet ) by the way , do you have the hollow point cartridge ? yuri stare at the man . yuri ( facetious , nodd to the gun ) you get any color preference for that ? liberian man ( miss the sarcasm , regard the gun ) Kelly green . ( meeting yuri 's eye ) I will find you . the liberian walk away , still admire he new weapon . yuri stare after he . yuri ( v.o. ) he would come to the right place - peacekeeper be armed to the tooth . and nothing but premium product . the U.N. mostly busy from Switzerland - where else ? int . captain carlisle's private quarter . night . close on two blue helmet lie beside each other . yuri and captain vivian carlisle be under the mosquito netting of a bed in she private quarter - try to get each other out of they respective clothes as fast as possible - mouth and hand everywhere . even in the heat of the moment , vivian be unable to completely let go of she work . vivian ( between heavy breath ) what be we do here , yuri ? yuri ( kissing she nipple ) whatever you want . vivian you know what I mean . here , in this country . be we do any good ? yuri ( finally tell she what she want to hear ) would nothing be better ? satisfied with the answer , she completely give in to the throes of passion - pull he to she . later vivian , satiate , doze amongst the rumple sheet , backside expose . yuri use the opportunity to take a impression of the key attach to she belt . ext . embassy compound . night . a white armored personnel carrier sit unattend . the liberian man and two colleague approach the carrier 's door . it open with they newly - make key . the man start to unload the weapon inside the carrier , spilling a box of ammunition in they haste . the camera drift off the carrier to reveal yuri , behind the barrack , count a thick wad of U.S. dollar . spy a lone bullet on the ground , yuri pick it up . we sense he have make a decision from which there be no return . ext . int . " the crimean " restaurant - brighton beach . day . the bullet have be turn into a pendant , replace yuri 's Star of David . yuri , wear a sharp , new suit , enter the family restaurant . one table of customer - not exactly a thriving concern . yuri ( v.o. ) the start salary for a U.N. interpreter back then be $ 32,000 . I make fifty k on " misplace " weapon on that one trip alone . I doubt the Secretary General notice . the U.N. spend more on lunch . yuri kiss father and maitre d' , anatoly , who be add more jewish decoration to the window . he bear hug mother , irina , nearly cause she to drop the plate she be carry . yuri ( v.o. ) my tour as a peacekeeper be the perfect preparation for war . irina notice the change in she son 's appearance . irina ( call after he ) who be you ? you be not my son . my son do not own such a suit . yuri flash he killer smile in response . out of they sight , he slip a hundred dollar bill into the cash register and breeze into the kitchen . int . " the crimean " restaurant - kitchen . day . vitaly , now chef in the family business , prepare a Russian borscht in a kitchen unlikely to pass a health inspection . yuri taste the food , pretend to gag , spit it out in the sink . vitaly affectionately cuff he older brother - the joke obviously a familiar ritual . yuri take he brother to the kitchen 's rear door . ext . " the crimean " restaurant . day . at the back of the restaurant , yuri and vitaly sit on the step amongst the garbage can . yuri you know who 's go to inherit the earth ? vitaly look at he blankly . yuri ( cont would ) arm dealer - because everybody else be too busy kill each other . yuri plonk a glossy arm brochure in front of vitaly . he take in the content . vitaly ( regard he brother ) it 's a hell of a fuck career move . yuri that 's the point . I have see how the world 's come apart . vitaly and you want to help with that ? yuri you can not stop it . ( warming to he theme ) it 's a basic human need - we eat , sleep , sleep with each other and what else ? fight . the oldest human skeleton have spearhead in they rib cage . vitaly be still skeptical . vitaly what do you know about gun ? yuri ( joke darkly ) I know which end I would rather be on . ( adopt a serious tone ) every day there be people shoot at each other . I think to myself , what gun be they use ? why not mine ? vitaly ( hesitant ) I do not know . yuri ( press he argument ) vitaly , I have taste you borscht , you be no fuck chef . I can eat here for free and I still do not eat here . you be do nothing with you life . vitaly maybe do nothing 's better than do this . ( refer to a image of a gun ) yuri , I have actually fire one of this thing . yuri put he arm around he brother 's shoulder . yuri that 's why I need you . ( coax ) Brothers in arm . vitaly smile , look sell . ext . israel central temple - brighton beach . day . anatoly make he way to the synagogue . yuri , hastily adjust he yarmulke , fall into step . anatoly ( pleasantly surprised ) finally get in touch with what 's important , my Son ? yuri ( simply ) yes . however , instead of the synagogue , he be fix on another distinguished jewish man , eli kurtzman , on a street corner also on he way to temple . yuri ( v.o . ) it be not God I be try to get close to . anatoly introduce yuri to eli , who regards yuri warily . yuri ( v.o. ) dad 's contact at synagogue land I my first israeli-made uzis and a introduction to the biggest of the big gun . close on the undercarriage of a twa 747 , taking off from JFK . int . convention CENTER - paris . day . a platoon of attractive young women in camouflage mini-dress show off the latest sniper rifle and grenade launcher . a asian businessman pitch hardware to yuri . vitaly be more interested in the girl . asian businessman ( brochure in hand ) -- I can get you the shoulder - fire sa - 7 surface - to - air missile . the older chinese model . not so effective against modern military aircraft but deadly if use against a commercial airliner . I be give they away at eight - fifty . yuri notice that he vendor 's attention have wander to a suave older gentleman , simeon zaharoff , surround by eager vendor of all nationality . the asian man join the enthusiastic throng . yuri ( v.o . ) it be the eighty and the cold War be far from thaw . most of the deal be government - to- government . there be some go - between - freelancer - but it be a mostly private club with a lifetime club president . yuri drag vitaly away from the sale girl . yuri that 's he . the guy eli tell I about . simeon Zaharoff . broker deal in the Iran / Iraq war - both side , sell missile to Argentina in the falkland . het a fuck legend . I have get to talk to he . yuri push past Zaharoff 's entourage . yuri simeon ! simeon ! a bodyguard try to step between yuri and Zaharoff . vitaly ( step between the bodyguard and yuri ) they be talk . Zaharoff , irritate , nonetheless humor yuri . simeon May I help you ? yuri a mutual friend , eli kurtzman from Brighton Beach import - export say to contact you . I have a business proposal . perhaps we can discuss it - over a drink . simeon look he up and down . simeon you be in the wrong place my young friend . this be no place for amateur . simeon walk away without another word . vitaly shrug . yuri fume . yuri ( under he breath in ukrainian ) yob tvayu mat . ( subtitled - motherfucker . ) yuri watch simeon go , surround by flunky . yuri ( v.o. ) curious how you always revert to you native tongue in moment of extreme anger ... int . HOTEL room - paris . night camouflage minidress and beret be now discard on the floor - a contrast to the blue helmet see earlier . yuri ( v.o. ) ... and ecstacy . yuri and vitaly be get it on with two sale girl . we pan from one couple in the live room , vitaly , to the one in the bedroom , yuri . we focus on yuri , in the midst of the act - hear he brother 's moan in ukrainian . vitaly ( o.c. ) boh ... boh . oh , boh ! ( subtitle : God ... god. oh , God ! ) yuri smile at vitaly 's cry . something catch yuri 's eye on tv . close up of a tv screen show image of the aftermath of the suicide bombing at the U.S. barrack in Lebanon . yuri ( v.o. ) vitaly and I find we niche in under - the- counter gunrun - regime suffer under sanction . ext . STREET - beirut , lebanon . day . a street line with shell building . Beirut , Lebanon - 1986 through one of the shell hole , we glimpse yuri and vitaly with a lebanese customer . yuri ( v.o. ) the job be not so different trom the U.N. I be just as neutral work for the ununite nation . a equal opportunity " merchant of death " , I supply every army but the salvation Army . we track with they , only get occasional glimpsis through the hole as they make they way through the war-torn street of Lebanon . yuri ( v.o. ) we get we start in Lebanon after the suicide bombing . they enter a building carry a crude rendering of a Coke sign - " taste life . " the model drink the Coke be ava cordova . int . beirut warehouse . day . Inside the warehouse be a ten foot high , unruly pile of junked weapon . yuri ( v.o. ) when the United States leave a war zone , they generally do not take they munition . it cost more to bring it back than buy new stock . yuri and vitaly usher the customer over to a industrial scale load with assort weapon . yuri I sell by the kilo . the customer check the combine weight of the weapon . yuri ( cont would ) ( shrug ) they be second -hand weapon but they be still okay . both man pullout calculator and start haggling over the price . yuri ( v.o. ) for all my language skill , I soon discover that what talk best be money . as long as you can speak dollar , dinar , drachmas , ruble , rupee , peso , escudos , lira , krone , kwanza , trancs , guilder , deutshmark , yen and pound - fuck - sterling , you can communicate anywhere in the world . money be finally exchange . yuri and vitaly leave the customer with he munition pot-pourri . ext . beirut warehouse . day . close on a row of military decoration on a army jacket . U.S. Army Officer , colonel oliver southern , in dress uniform , adjust the ribbon on he chest in the side mirror of a U.S. armored personnel carrier . yuri approach . in full view , he hand the Colonel a cut of the money . the Colonel place the money in the same pocket decorate with ribbon . ext . STREET - beirut , lebanon . day . yuri and vitaly walk back along the shell street , yuri recount what 's leave of the money . yuri ( irritate by the meager amount ) this be bullshit money , vit - small fuck potato . vitaly what do we do , go more legitimate ? yuri no. more illegal . vitaly nod thoughtfully . vitaly what I would give right now for a plate of red cabbage and potato . the wall explode with gunfire . yuri and vitaly drop to the ground , money fly . the machine gun fire subside , a shower of dust , fragment of brick and hundred dollar bill still float to the ground . vitaly , first to recover , draw he own handgun , sneak a look through a shell hole . on the other side of the wall , a fire squad of militiamen have execute one group of men , lie contort , slump against the wall . they bound hand and foot give the body a macabre awkwardness . yuri be scrabbling in the dust for the cash . the militiamen prepare to execute another six man . Men ? we focus on one handsome young lebanese boy , barely in he teens . vitaly , gun poise , go to intervene . a hand , stuff with cash , stop he . yuri . the brother ' eye meet . yuri ( whisper , motion for they to leave ) it 's not we fight . vitaly 's eye well with tear . after one look back to the teenage boy , vitaly reluctantly comply - run with yuri , head down , away from the scene . as they run , the wall explode again with gunfire . close on ronald reagan - a cardboard cut - out plant in a sand dune . yuri and vitaly carry a crate from a taxi onto the desert floor in Somalia . a group of muslim freedom fighter eagerly surround the crate - yuri hand the leader a uzi machine gun . yuri ( v.o. ) I sell israeli-made uzis to Muslims . the Muslim leader test it - shoot up the cardboard reagan . his fighter applaud , yuri and vitaly slightly embarrassed . ext . himalayas . day . a helicopter strain in the thin air to land on the siachen Glacier in the himalayas . yuri and vitaly , in thick parkas , emerge from the helicopter into near-blizzard condition . yuri ( v.o. ) I sell to both Pakistan and India in they fight tor the most inhospitable land on earth . indian troops , unseen at first due to they white camouflage uniform , descend on the chopper - eager to unload the new gun and ammunition . yuri gasp for breath in the thin air . a indian soldier give yuri a hit of oxygen as vitaly supervise the unload . yuri how 's it go ? indian commander ( admire a new gun ) we be make terrific progress - most casualty from avalanch and frostbite . yuri ( uncertain smile ) make sure you thaw out the gun before you fight . yuri nod , take another hit of oxygen . ext . border town - congo . day . the town be desert . yuri and vitaly be confuse as they prepare to unload a arm consignment from a truck . yuri ( v.o. ) we have we set-back . it 's not call gunrun for nothing . up the street , a celebration be take place - a band , balloon , confetti , dance . finally , a congolese man , JOHN " cannibal " ngawe , appear at the warehouse . the conversation be in french . yuri ( from the boat ) cannibal , what 's go on ? cannibal cease fire , man . cease fire . it 's over . yuri what ?! what do you mean it 's over ? cannibal truce . we be friend , man . yuri ( look to he unopen crate , more and more agitate ) Friends ?! you can not be fuck friend . last week I speak to you on the phone . you say you would not rest until every last rebel be dead . you call they vermin . you say would piss in they mouth , you say you would exterminate they like cockroach . just last week , you say this ! cannibal ( shrug ) that be last week , man . cannibal start to walk away . yuri cannibal , do not you fuck walk away from I ! cannibal flash yuri a peace sign . cannibal peace , man ! yuri fuck you , cannibal !! yuri look to vitaly . vitaly ( refer to the truck ) maybe we can offload it - the balkan . yuri ( nodd in agreement ) at least when they say they be go to have a war , they keep they word . ext . northern afghanistan . day . yuri and vitaly stand at a checkpoint in the rugge mountain . gun and ammunition be strapped to donkey tend by mujahideen fighter . a afghani official inspect the cargo . yuri ( v.o. ) I even ship cargo to Afghanistan when they be still fight fellow Russians . but I never sell to Osama bin Laden . not for any moral grounds . back then he be always bounce check . afghani official I hope you be not think of sell this , Mr. orlov . yuri ( shake he head ) personal use . afghani official there 's a hundred thousand bullet here . yuri I be kind of trigger happy . vitaly hand the official he documentation - clipped to it , a thick wad of bill . the afghani official smile . he return to he mud-brick border station beside the confiscate merchandise . yuri focus on a swimsuit calendar hang on the mud wall - miss May be ava cordova . yuri ( v.o. ) and everywhere I go , ava cordova keep follow I around . we be as international as each other . ext . freighter ship . day . we tilt up from the water to find yuri on the deck of a freighter , ploughing the ballpoint blue seas off the coast of colombia . North of barranquilla , colombia - 1989 yuri ( v.o. ) Operations like mine provide the only way for certain regime to conduct a respectable war . vitaly hold onto a railing try to stave off seasickness , not help by stand downwind from yuri 's cigarette smoke . yuri ( v.o. ) the freighter I be stand on carry 113 ton of weapon and ammunition for delivery to one of the poorest nation in Latin America in direct contravention of half a dozen international arm embargo . yuri make a call on he cell phone . yuri ( v.o. ) to keep authority in the dark , I often speak in code . rocket launcher be " mother " , the rocket " child " . assault rifle be " apple " . the AK - 47 be " the angel King " . yuri ( into phone ) the angel King will arrive tomorrow ... hallelujah to you too . yuri hang up . his phone ring with a income call . yuri ( cont would ) ( into phone ) yes ?... slow the fuck down -- what do you mean , tip off ? they know where we be ?! where be they ?! yuri grab a pair of binocular . on the horizon , a fast - approach speed boat - interpol agent visible on the racer 's deck . yuri ( cont would ) ( hang up ) forget it . vitaly and the captain , also spying the custom Boat , join yuri at the railing . captain do we run ? vitaly we have to get out of here . yuri no , no - one 's go anywhere . ( to the Captain ) slow - - dead slow . buy I time . yuri swing into action , frantically dial another number on he satellite cell phone . yuri ( cont would ) ( bark a order to a crewman , refer to the panamanian flag ) get that fuck rag down ! the crewman hastily comply . yuri 's call be answer . yuri ( cont would ) ( try not to sound too desperate ) it 's yuri . I need another handle for this tub ... something in we weight class . ( to a elderly Latin painter , point to the stern ) you , over the side ! ( the painter hesitates ) now ! the terrify painter make for the stern where he 's hurriedly winched over . yuri return to the phone call . yuri ( cont would ) yes , it 's get to check out ... you get a short name !... what ? -- kono ? how do you spell that ?... k-o- n-o . that 's good ! he hang up . yuri ( cont would ) ( to the painter , already black out the name , kristol ) kono ! k-o-n-o . the painter , nod nervously from he precarious perch , start to paint . yuri sneak another look through he binocular . the custom Boat be close fast . yuri ( cont would ) ( back into phone ) what be we fly ?... dutch ? later. ( hang up , to vitaly ) vit , get I a dutch flag ! yuri check the custom Boat again . yuri ( cont would ) damn , they be haul ! he check the painter 's progress . yuri ( cont would ) ( agitate , grasp the line of the scaffold ) faster ! or I send you in ! ( check the binocular again ) faster ... and better ! the painter 's hand be shaking . vitaly ( o.c. ) ( panicked ) yuri ! vitaly be frantically rummage through a trunk contain dozen of national flag . vitaly ( cant ' d) I do not have dutch . yuri what ?! vitaly I have get Belgium . yuri what the fuck use be that ?! ( panicked , gesture to the stern ) he 's painting a name register in the fuck Netherlands ! vitaly wince . yuri ( cont would ) ( mind racing ) you get France ?! vitaly ( confuse , find the tricolor ) yes , why ? yuri turn it on its side . vitaly turn the flag sideways - now a makeshift dutch flag . vitaly nod , impressed . yuri look forward . the custom Boat have almost reach the bow of the freighter . the flag be hoist . the painter , barely complete the last " o " of " kono " , be haul back on deck . yuri ( cont would ) that 's it ! everybody look innocent -- now ! the crew resume they normal duty as the custom Boat slow to a crawl itself , at close quarter with the freighter . the heavily - armed interpol agent eyeball the rusted vessel . yuri focus on the senior agent - jack valentine . while the other agent wear sunglass , long hair , tattoo or personalize uniform , Valentine be completely by the book . his interpol windbreaker clean and zipped to the neck . yuri ( v.o. ) they say every man have he price - but not every man get it . interpol agent , Jack Valentine , could not be buy , at least not with money . for Jack , glory be the prize . the custom Boat ominously circle the freighter like a hungry shark . ext . interpol boat . day . valentine never avert he eye from the ship . valentine not exactly " the Love Boat " . another agent hand he a phone . valentine ( cont would ) ( into phone ) it 's clean ?... it do not look clean . I be board . ext . freighter / interpol boat . day . from the railing , yuri watch the interpol boat draw alongside the freighter . he surreptitiously make another phone call . yuri ( anxious whisper into phone ) it 's yuri . phone in a sighting of the kristol south of aruba . the boat be secure to the ladder that run down the side of the freighter . valentine check he sidearm , climb the ladder . ext . deck - freighter . day . yuri spy a life ring emblazon with the word " kristol " . he flip it around as Valentine and the other agent board . Valentine stride past yuri to a container , nod to a agent to open it . the large metal door open to reveal a large container full of grain - grain spilling onto the deck . Valentine be about to plunge he hand into the grain when a mobile phone ring . a crewman call to Valentine from the bridge of the interpol boat . agent ( refer to the phone ) Sir , sighting of the kristol due north . Valentine hesitates , return to the ladder . as the agent go , they fail to see the pile of grain shift in the container expose a crate of assault rifle hide there . ext . railing - freighter . day . yuri and vitaly watch the interpol boat leap away . on the freighter , we focus on the terrify painter stand beside yuri - a pool of urine appear from the trouser leg . yuri pretend not to notice , slap the painter on the back . yuri Nice job . close on the word , " kono " . from the " o " , a paint drop run down the stern . ext . barranquilla harbor , colombia . day . yuri and vitaly supervise the unload of the freighter from the dockside . they be alert by the sound of a battle raging somewhere on the outskirt of the dock . a Jeep , full to overflow with heavily - armed narco -guerrillas suddenly appear at the far end of the dock and speed towards they . a military vehicle full of colombian soldier chase the guerrilla several hundred yard behind . the Jeep full of guerrilla screech to a stop by the freighter . the narc leader grab a box of unload ammunition . yuri ( in Spanish ) hey , pay before you play . narc leader ( in Spanish ) you be late . the leader smashes the box on the concrete - bullet spilling everywhere . vitaly hey , fuck you ! narc leader ( jam he handgun in vitaly 's eye socket ) fuck you ! yuri try to play peacemaker . yuri ( reason with the narc leader ) no , you do not fuck he -- the narc leader turn and shoot yuri in the side . yuri shudder with the impact . the enraged vitaly lunge towards the leader but yuri , despite he wound , hold he back . yuri ( cont would ) no , vit. no. ( to the leader , refer to the bullet ) help yourselves . free sample . vitaly nurse yuri to the ground . the guerrillas ignore they , frantically re-load just in time , immediately start shoot at the approach government vehicle . the government vehicle throw a vicious 180 , almost toppling over . the Guerilla , now back in business , take off after the government troops . yuri lie on the dock , genuinely surprised by the sight of he own blood . yuri ( v.o. ) the first and most important rule of gunrun be never get shot with you own merchandise . int . warehouse - barranquilla , colombia . day . yuri , now heavily bandage around the waist , and vitaly keep a watchful eye as the narc leader inspect crate of machine gun and other ammunition . yuri ( v.o. ) the second rule be always ensure you have a foolproof way to get pay . credit card , check , cash . preferably in advance , ideally to a off-shore account . it 's why I choose my customer so carefully . say what you like about warlord and dictator , they tend to have a highly develop sense of order . they always pay they bill on time . the narc leader nod he approval . narc leader ( refer to yuri 's wound ) I apologize for earlier . yuri ( slight wince ) I understand . worker start load the crate into a truck . the narc leader hand yuri the suitcase . narc leader it 's all there . yuri snap open the suitcase - inside six kilo of cocaine . yuri what be this ? narc leader six key of pure . yuri ( incredulous ) I can not hand this to my fuck bank teller at chase Manhattan . narc leader ( hair-trigger temper flaring again ) you should be thanking I . ( wave he cell phone ) have you check the street price today ? with the seizure at the border last week , it 's jump thirty percent . yuri I sell gun . I do not sell drug . narc leader ( shrug ) diversify . the narc leader walk away . yuri ( call after he ) I have get standard . the narc leader ignore he , climb in he Jeep and drive off . the truck , load with munition , also exit . yuri and vitaly be leave alone in they warehouse . vitaly ( stare at they " remuneration " ) now what ? yuri shrug , slice open one of the pack of cocaine . he take a bill from he pocket , roll it into a tube . he go to hand vitaly the tube but he brother have already roll he own . vitaly dip he tube into the coke - snort , keep snort - a longer inhale than should be possible for a human be . int . HOTEL room - barranquilla , colombia . night . six kilo -size coffee can . yuri , still bandage , be pour the coffee down the toilet and replace it with the bag of cocaine , mumble ukrainian profanity as he work . the last bag be miss . yuri ( sigh , exasperate ) vit. int . HOTEL hallway . night . in the hotel corridor , yuri discover the door to the adjacent room wide open . Inside , the room be vacant . int . bolivian bus . day . yuri , clearly fume , be stand in a stand - roam - only bolivian public bus along with a assortment of peasant , migrant and farmyard animal . on the wall of the bus yuri notice a cellphone ad feature ava cordova . yuri ( v.o. ) I find vitaly twelve day , two thousand mile and 150 gram later in a bolivian board house . int . vitaly's room - boarding house . LA paz , bolivia . day . the outline of Ukraine draw with cocaine . vitaly , out of he mind , pupil the size of nickel , hum a ukrainian folk tune , be put the finish touch to the map from he badly deplete bag of cocaine . with he , two bolivian prostitute , who appear to have pass out or worse . a pound on the door . yuri ( o.c. ) vitaly ! open this fuck door ! vitaly , absorb with the task at hand , appear not to notice . yuri break in the door . vitaly ( happy - way too happy ) yuri ! ( to the comatose prostitute ) it 's my brother , yuri . he 's my big brother . yuri stare at the cocaine map . yuri what the fuck be that ? vitaly Ukraine . ( indicate the direction he be go to snort ) I start in odessa , work my way to the Crimea - - yuri ( stare at the map , appal ) -- you will be fuck dead before you reach Kiev . yuri open a window , the cocaine blow off the table . vitaly you fuck ! vitaly freak out , slam the window so hard it shatter . ( the hooker still do not rouse . ) vitaly ( cant would ) you fuck fuck ! vitaly desperately try to snort the cocaine out of the shag pile carpet - the straw constantly clogging with carpet fiber . blood ooze from vitaly 's nostril . yuri gaze down at he pathetic brother . ext . ST . joseph' drug rehab clinic . day . a exclusive rehab center . a title appear : upstate New York - 1989 yuri 's car pull up outside , vitaly in the passenger seat . yuri get out of the car . vitaly do not budge . yuri ( cont would ) I promise we parent . vitaly ( desperate eye ) please . yuri vitaly , you be go to have a good time . this be a top place . two Ford model check in last week and that cute weather girl 's be here since July . vitaly please . yuri relent , pour a gram onto the dashboard . vitaly snort it off the dash . vitaly ( as he wipe he nose ) you be a good brother . vitaly kiss yuri . two orderlies open the car door , escort vitaly away . yuri watch he brother in the rearview mirror - shepherd up the path . yuri ( v.o. ) I never understand what separate the recreational drug user from the habitual , the functional addict from the dysfunctional . but for the grace of God , it could have be I snort line as long as the belt Parkway . int . catholic church - brighton beach . day . irina light a candle in front of the virgin Mary . yuri ( v.o. ) vitaly never get completely clean despite the prayer of my mother ... int . synagogue - brighton beach . day . anatoly pray in front of the menorah . yuri ( v.o. ) ... and father . in fact , my young brother be the only reason my father ever have to question he new religion . int . AIR maroc jetliner . day . a executive sit in he Business class seat . on the tray table in front of he , calculator and spreadsheet . yuri ( v.o. ) after colombia I become a one- man-operation . a sole proprietor as you say on you tax return - that be if you be foolish enough to fill one out . he exchange a collegial smile with yuri who have similar entrepreneurial paraphernalia in front of he . yuri ( v.o . ) by then I would master my craft . selling arm be not so different to sell vacuum cleaner . you advertise , pound the pavement , take order . the businessman 's smile dissolves when he catch a glance at the brochure lie next to yuri 's " Day - runner " - glossy photo of grenade launchers . a montage of scene - illustrating the anatomy of a arm deal . it take place in a unidentified country in North Africa . yuri ( v.o . ) of course , a good arm dealer also have to be a political scientist . I go by a seven-step approach . yuri get off a plane . yuri ( v.o. ) one : identity a government and a opposition where the opposition be ignore . yuri immediately pick up a newspaper , eager for the latest news . yuri ( v.o. ) two : wait for a radical group to break away from the opposition . yuri be buoy by the front page news , over - tip the newspaper seller . yuri ( v.o. ) Three : immediately approach the radical group and offer they arm . yuri meet a group of revolutionaries in a backstreet bar , show they a arm catalogue . yuri ( v.o. ) four : whether they buy or not , inform the government that the radical group approach you and offer the government arm . yuri meet a government official in the parliament building , show he the same catalogue . yuri ( v.o. ) five : whether they buy or not , re-approach the radical group and offer they more arm but now at a higher price . increase tension be a mean of generate demand and the ideal situation be to sell to both side . yuri meet the revolutionaries a second time in the same bar - this time they be more enthusiastic and yuri have he calculator out . yuri ( v.o. ) six : if they start shoot at each other , the escalation be underway . yuri , now accompany by bodyguard , be escort into the government building , where he 's give a fat envelope . back at the bar , yuri be give a even fatter envelope . yuri ( v.o. ) they be consume small arm and ammunition and the cash register be well and truly ringing . yuri stand at he hotel window , sneaking a look through grimy venetian blind . a street battle be take place . however , in yuri 's mind the sound of the gunshot be gradually replace by the sound to a cash register . each time a gun be fire , the register ring . yuri shut the window . yuri ( v.o. ) Seven : do not forget that the success of a radical group in one country can inspire a radical group in a neighbor country . yuri board a plane , take off for a new conflict zone . int . AIR maroc jetliner . day . yuri lean back in he Business class seat - eye close . they suddenly blink open . he feel someone watch he . sure enough , he be face - to- face with ava cordova - stare at he from a magazine cover in the seat pocket next to he . int . model agency . day . a gallery of model from the late-eighty on vogue , harper be bazaar , elle magazine cover , blow - up and frame on a white wall . a agent with a window - office overlook Park Avenue talk on the phone . in front of she , the headshot of ava cordova . agent ( into phone ) -- there 's really no one else you would consider ? Christie and brooke be both available ... not the right look ? it 's just that ava do not generally do print . the agent examine a envelope stuff with cash . agent ( cont would ) however , since you be willing to double she rate and pay cash in advance . she love work with herb and you say the campaign will only be see in Asia ? ( examine a first class plane ticket destination : St. bart ) I certainly can not see she object to the location . ( inspect a itinerary ) what be the product again ...? int . arm show convention hall . day . yuri talk on a phone as he browse at a arm show . he stop at a display of handgun . yuri ( into phone ) the product ? er , ... colt .45 . ( a beat ) the beer . int . eden rock HOTEL - ST . barthelemy , french caribbean . day . a idyllic beachfront hotel . ava cordova enter a empty reception area . the receptionist hand she a fax - ava 's face fall . yuri sit by the desert pool , observe she entrance . yuri ( v.o . ) it cost I twenty for the fake book , another twelve to buy out the hotel . you can not force someone to tall in love with you but you can sure make ita damn sight easier . int . HOTEL restaurant . dusk . a large restaurant overlook the ocean . ava and yuri be the only guest , both eat alone . they make eye - contact - exchange polite smile . ext . private beach . day . ava stroll down to the beach , desert , save for yuri - sunbathing some distance away on one of the hundred empty sunbed . ava dive into the water . behind he sunglass , yuri watch she . later towell off on a sunbe of she own , ava glance over to yuri . it seem crazy not to speak to each other . ava break the ice . ava ( call to yuri ) popular hotel , huh ? yuri smile . ava approach , extend a hand . ava ( cont would ) ava cordova . yuri yuri orlov . what bring you to St. bart ? ava a photo shoot . at least , that be the plan . but the photographer 's plane get stick in Miami . Hurricane - though there be nothing in the news . yuri ( gaze out at the ocean ) that thing can come out of nowhere . ava the job 's cancel and there 's no flight back to New York ' till Tuesday . yuri pretend to ponder she predicament . yuri you can hitch a ride with I if you like . ava regards he cautiously - like what she see . yuri ( cont would ) ( pick up he own camera ) in the meantime , why do not I take you picture ? ava smile , pose playfully for he . yuri ( v.o. ) in my experience some of the most successful relationship be found on lie and deceit . since that 's where they usually end up anyway , it 's a logical place to start . ext . ST . barthelemy airport . day . a limousine approach a lear jet park on the tarmac of the one - runway airport . yuri and ava exit the car . yuri ( v.o. ) I nearly go break try to convince she I be anything but . I know ava be not the kind of woman to be seduce by a ride in a private jet unless you own the jet . close on the tail of the jet - the name " orlov AIR " . ava ( hold she skirt in the wind to protect she modesty ) this be you plane ? yuri ( shrug ) that be my name . they enter the plane . yuri ( v.o . ) of course I be lie . the plane be a rental , like the car and even the suit I be stand in . at the last minute , I bribe the crew for the paint-job . as the plane pick up speed on the runway , the name " orlov " smear . yuri ( v.o. ) luckily , by the time we land , ava be not look anywhere but in my eye . int . lear jet . day . yuri and ava sit beside each other on a white leather sofa in the customize cabin drink cristal champagne . yuri glance through vogue magazine - a photo spread on ava . ava take in the plane 's sumptuous appointment . yuri ( pretend to be impressed with the photo ) I have no idea . he hand she back the magazine . yuri ( cant would ) I be sorry I do not recognize you . you must think I very rude . ava do not apologize . I put on clothes for a live . yuri ( wry grin ) at least you be not take they off . ava ( smile at he irreverence ) I would be if half the photographer have they way . ( shrug ) but I can not complain . I be pay to say , " cheese " . ( meeting he gaze ) what about you ? yuri nothing so glamorous . I be in transport - international air freight mostly . ava what , like ups or something ? yuri something like that . ava ( glance to she champagne flute ) Business be good . yuri like you , I can not complain . they both drink . a think occur to ava . ava but if you do ? yuri well ... I do not know . ( reluctant admission ) it 's just that I travel all around the world but I can not help feel sometimes that I be go nowhere . ava regards he closely . he 's echoed she thought . yuri pour ava another drink . yuri ( cont would ) here 's to ... ( raise he glass ) ...a hurricane . they toast . yuri ( cont would ) without it , I would never have meet you . she meet he eye . ava this be no accident , be it , yuri ? yuri freeze - do not answer . ava ( cont would ) it feel like fate . yuri ( never averting he eye ) I do not believe in fate . ava what do you believe in ? yuri gaze at she a moment - he answer she question with a kiss . ava do not pull away . int . lear jet - bedroom . day . cloud rush by the face of yuri and ava , head close to the plane 's oval window . they make love in a wall - to - wall bed build into the rear of the jet . the camera move past the couple through one of the plane 's window , and the cloud begin to rain . ext . israel central temple - brighton beach . day . confetti . yuri and ava run through the paper shower as they descend the step of a synagogue in Brighton Beach . yuri ( v.o. ) we marry in a synagogue to make my father happy . in the eye of my Catholic mother , it be worse than live in sin . yuri and ava kiss he parent , anatoly and irina . as the happy couple reach the limousine , vitaly - out of rehab and out of he mind - fire a AK - 47 into the air as a salute . the guest drop to the ground - the only one leave stand be yuri and vitaly . yuri stare dagger at vitaly , help ava to she foot . yuri ( explain to the guest ) it 's traditional . vitaly ( meekly echoing the remark - joke badly misfire ) traditional . the guest nod , uncertain . yuri ( cant would ) one more time , vitaly . vitaly let go another burst . yuri ( cont would ) ( reassure word as he whisk ava into the car ) I be sorry . I should have say something . int . upper east side apartment . day . yuri carry ava over the threshold of they new home to cheer of the assemble guest . anatoly and irina gape in amazement at the grand house . they draw they son aside . anatoly ( touch he yarmulke ) always remember , son , there 's something above you . yuri ( look up , gently joke ) sure , dad . a forty - thousand dollar crystal chandelier . anatoly force a smile . irina press a gift into yuri 's hand . yuri ( cont would ) Mom , we do not need anything . irina you need this . irina take anatoly 's arm , they walk away . yuri , alone for a moment , open the package - a small Roman Catholic Bible , conveniently bookmark at the ten commandment . dissolve to : int . upper east side apartment . day . a newborn baby boy , nicolai , play in the wrapping paper of open gift beneath a extravagantly - decorate Christmas tree . New York - December 25 , 1991 yuri ( v.o. ) I be still live way beyond my mean , mortgage to the hilt , use one credit card to payoff another . anything to keep ava in the style to which she have , thanks largely to I , become accustom . then suddenly all my christmase come at once . a family Christmas - anatoly , irina and ava open gift . baby nicolai wriggle on a blanket , try to reach a piece of tinsel . anatoly ( to irina , regard a nativity scene on a Christmas card ) Jesus be jewish . you be worshipp a Jew . irina ignore he . she regards a gift - a silver goblet set from Tiffany 's . irina ava , this be too much . ava yuri like to spoil you . nicolai crawl a inch . ava beam proudly . ava Nicki ! you do it . good boy ! anatoly that 's my grandson . ava look around for yuri . ava ( call out ) yuri . do not you want to see what you son be do ? no reply . ava wrap the piece of tinsel around the baby 's head . a loud shout from the other room . yuri ( o.c. ) tak ! tak ! tak-fuck -tak ! ( subtitle : yes ! ) ava scoops up the baby . with anatoly and irina , they go to investigate . on the television , mikhail gorbachev , be make he famous speech , officially end the cold War . yuri kneel in front of the tv as if it be a altar . anatoly what the hell 's the matter ? yuri it 's over ! it 's over ! ava what 's over ? yuri the cold War , the Soviet Union , the evil Empire . mikhail 's say " no mas " . he 's throw in the towel . it 's over . yuri kiss ava , nicolai , anatoly , irina , kiss the tv . ava that 's nice . ( refer to nicolai ) you son be crawl . yuri 's too busy kissing Gorbachev 's birthmark . he gaze at the tv , revelling in the plan take shape in he head . later in the live room , ava and irina play with nicolai . yuri and anatoly drink johnnie Walker Black label . anatoly ( contemplate the day 's event ) at least there will be religious freedom . yuri I think I will go back for a visit . ( try to sound casual ) do you stay in touch with uncle dmitri ? anatoly ( face lighting up ) dmitri volkoff ? now and then . yuri how be he ? anatoly the luckiest man alive . you know he be one of the first man at Chernobyl . off-duty , at he daughter 's wedding , he be roaring drunk . he be the only one who survive . later they find that alcohol in you blood resist radiation . yuri he 's still a General in the army ? anatoly Major General . he get promote . two of he rival be also there that day . I tell you - he 's the luckiest man alive . yuri he may be luckier than you think . yuri go to pour himself a drink . anatoly grab he son 's hand the way he do many year earlier . anatoly ( lowering he voice ) we be not fool , yuri . what 's between you and you wife be you own business but I do not think you be go to odessa to open a McDonald 's . ( meeting he son 's eye ) be this how you want to be remember ? yuri ( shrug ) you be only remember when you be dead . yuri knock back he vodka , try to lighten the mood . yuri ( cont would ) I will bring you back some caviar . anatoly it 's not kosher . a crash . vitaly and a call - girl , angel , dress in a low - cut fairy dress , stumble through the front door - both the worse for drink and drug . vitaly merry fuck Christmas ! angel laugh . the family gaze at vitaly and he friend , appal . anatoly ( paternal ) vitaly , who be this ? angel angel . vitaly her name really be angel . she 's a fairy . ( hoist angel ) let 's stick she on top of the Christmas tree . vitaly and angel laugh . no one else do . vitaly collapse on the floor . nicolai cry . vitaly ( cont ' d ) ( at a loss for anything better ) I love you all . yuri firmly escort angel to the door and pay she off . ext . ST . joseph' drug rehab clinic - upstate new york . day . yuri drop vitaly back at the exclusive rehab center . by now yuri know the routine . he pour a gram onto the dashboard . yuri I be go back to Ukraine . vitaly snort it off the dash . vitaly ( maudlin ) I miss odessa . I miss you . yuri I miss you too . vitaly kiss yuri . vitaly ( cont would ) ( meeting he brother 's eye ) be careful , yuri . that thing you sell , kill ... ( tapping yuri 's chest where he heart should be ) ... inside . two orderlies open the car door , escort vitaly away . yuri stare after vitaly . int . upper eastside apartment . day . ava and nicki kiss yuri goodbye . ext . / int . public storage facility - manhattan . morning . yuri enter a public storage facility , open a locker with a combination lock . yuri ( v.o. ) there 's no problem lead a double life . it 's the triple and quadruple life that get you in the end . he produce several passport from the locker , shuffles the passport like play card . yuri ( v.o. ) back then I carry a french , british , israeli and ukrainian passport and a student visa for the U.S. , but that 's another story . the locker also contain five identical briefcase - presumably he can tell they apart . yuri ( v.o. ) I also pack five different briefcase depend on the region of the world I be visit . ext . border checkpoint - izmayil , ukraine . day . Light snow fall . yuri , drive a brand new mercede , wait in a long line of car at the border . izmayil , Ukraine - January , 1992 yuri ( v.o. ) the end of the cold War be the beginning of the hot time in arm deal . the Wall have fall . the arm bazaar be open . that forty - five year have generate the high weapon build - up in history . the Soviets have tank and gun come out the demon hole - huge stockpile and now no enemy . a border Guard approach yuri 's car window . border guard ( in English , check yuri 's passport ) Visa ? yuri hand the Guard he passport . Inside , a credit card emblazon , " visa " . the guard smile . border guard ( cont would ) Cash or check only . yuri smile , hand he several U.S. bill . yuri 's passport be promptly stamp . he be wave past the line of car . yuri it 's good to be home . ext . odessa military base . day . yuri , briefcase in hand , meet he uncle dmitri at a barrack . ( NB : dmitri always carry a hip flask of vodka as if there be a constant threat of radiation poisoning . ) dmitri nephew , come here and hug the luckiest man alive . the General give he a great bear hug . dmitri register the apprehensive look on yuri 's face . dmitri ( cont would ) what ? do you think I would be glow ? do not worry . you can not catch it . yuri kiss dmitri on the cheek to reassure he . over he shoulder , dmitri notice the car . dmitri ( refer to the car ) this be the slk ? yuri 0 - 60 in 4.8 . dmitri be impressed . int . odessa military base - office . day . yuri have a stack of vcr 's , carton of cigarettes , johnnie Walker Black label on the table in front of dmitri who drink from he hip flask throughout the conversation . dmitri I can not just sell you government property , yuri . I have to report -- yuri -- report to who ? Moscow ? as of last week Moscow be in a foreign country . dmitri ( shrug ) New flag , new boss . yuri there be no new boss yet . they be too busy squabbling over who get the presidential holiday home at the Black Sea . dmitri can not deny it . yuri ( cont would ) ( talk like a evangelist ) it 's beautiful . the one who know do not care any more . the one who care do not know . ( nodd to a safe build into the floor ) show I you inventory . dmitri hesitates , knock back he vodka , then open the safe - produce a document . int . odessa military base - armory . day . crates of machine gun from floor to ceiling . dmitri give yuri a tour of the armory . yuri how many kalashnikovs do you have ? dmitri ( refer to the inventory in he hand ) 40000 . yuri ( look over dmitri 's shoulder ) be that a " 4 " ? it do not look like a " 4 " to I . it look more like a " 1 " . dmitri ( miss the point ) no , it 's a " 4 " . yuri it 's whatever we say it be because no one else know the difference . dmitri finally get it . yuri examine a kalashnikov . yuri ( cont would ) 10,000 kalashnikovs for a battalion . you stock be dangerously deplete , dmitri . you should order more from the factory . this be too much for dmitri . he stop , confront yuri - take back the AK - 47 yuri be inspect . dmitri someone will work this out , yuri . what happen then ? yuri ( shrug ) we will cut they in . anyway , what could happen - you be the luckiest man alive . ext . odessa military base . dusk . the sun set over a grassy field . yuri sit alone - closely inspect a kalashnikov . it be a strange moment between a man and he favorite gun . as we hear yuri 's thought , we be treat to lovingly shot close up of the weapon and its feature often see in slow motion : Sun glisten off the chrome barrel . fold metal stock arcing elegantly into place . precise docking of the 30 - round curve magazine . yuri ( v.o. ) avtomat kalashnikova , model of 1947 - more commonly know as the AK - 47 or kalashnikov . it 's the world 's most popular assault ritle - a weapon all fighter love . a elegantly simple nine pound amalgamation of forge steel and mold plastic . it do not break , jam or over-heat . it will shoot whether its cover in mud or fill with sand . it 's so easy , even a child can use it . and they do . the Russians put the gun on a coin . mozambique put it on they flag . since the end of the cold War , the kalashnikov have become the Russian people ' great export - after that come vodka and suicidal novelist . one thing 's for sure , no one be lining up to buy they car . we reveal where yuri be sit - on the roof of a rusting Russian sedan , the vaz 4 - door . a goat be eat the upholstery . yuri check on the crate of AK - 47 's be load into a convoy of truck . in the background , the armory , full a week ago , be now virtually empty . yuri smile a satisfied smile . his reverie be interrupt by the sound of a car horn . a commotion at the gate . another large , black mercede be park there , driver lean on the horn . yuri smile as he see the passenger emerge from the car - simeon zaharoff . yuri ( v.o . ) of course my idea be not entirely unique . I have rival . simeon angrily confront the soldier at the gate . dmitri put on he cap , about to investigate . yuri stop he . yuri he 's a friend of mine . dmitri shrug and comply . yuri stride towards the gate . ext . odessa military base - gate . dusk . simeon , flanke by two hefty bodyguard , be in the face of a young officer . the Officer be flanke by three soldier , kalashnikovs rest on they hip . simeon do you know who the fuck I be ? officer ( thick ukrainian accent ) who the fuck care who the fuck you be ? simeon I demand to see you commanding officer . officer you do not demand shit . simeon reconsider he position . simeon just give I back my papers . officer ( papers clearly visible in he hand ) what papers ? the Officer turn on he heel and return to he guard station with the passport , start watch tv . the bodyguard make to follow but the Soldiers close rank , barring they path . simeon fume . yuri ( o.c . ) you be late , simeon . yuri breeze past the Soldiers with a easy familiarity . he enter the guard station as if he own it . from beside he car , simeon watch as yuri jovially discuss the situation with the Young Officer . after a moment yuri slip the Officer money in exchange for simeon 's passport . yuri emerge from the station and return the passport to the veteran gunrunner . yuri ( cont would ) I invite you for a drink once before . perhaps now you will accept my invitation . int . odessa HOTEL bar . night . yuri and simeon sit at a table near the back of the bar . yuri flirt with the barmaid deliver drink and a shellfish appetizer . barmaid ( to yuri , impressed ) you sell gun ? yuri maybe you would like to come to my room and see my bazooka . the barmaid giggle and exit . simeon be clearly disquieted by the change in the balance of power or maybe it 's the bad early - ninety pop music . his bodyguard sit at the table behind . yuri you look a little lose , simeon . be the world change too fast ? simeon I be here , be not I ? yuri not all of you , I think . simeon 's look beg explanation . yuri ( cont would ) you have get so rich sell for the CIA , you can not get that ideology completely out of you head . the empire be evil for too long . simeon shrug . simeon I can not deny , it take some get use to . last week we be try to beat they brain in and now we be go into business together . yuri there 's no place in gunrun for politics anymore , simeon . I sell to leftist , rightists . I would sell to pacifist but they be not the most regular of customer . yuri lean forward . yuri ( cont would ) of course , you be not a true internationalist until you have supply weapon to kill you own countryman . simeon regards the young man with a mixture of fear and admiration pour himself another drink . simeon I understand you have Ukraine in you pocket but there be the other satellite state . Bulgaria , hungary , Poland , Belarus . instead of cut each other 's throat , it may be more profitable to work together . what do you think ? yuri smile - the proposal be the victory he have be seek . yuri I think you be the amateur now . I think you suffer from a philosophical disadvantage - you have a philosophy . I think you should go with you instinct - you first instinct . simeon be confuse . yuri ( cont would ) I be the same man who be not good enough for you before . I be not good enough for you now . simeon blanch . yuri get up . simeon hold he rival 's arm . simeon the problem with gunrunner go to war be there 's no shortage of ammunition . yuri depart . int . HOTEL room - odessa HOTEL . night . yuri and the barmaid never make it to the bed . still clothed , they bang each other against the door of he hotel room . yuri ( v.o. ) back then , it be all for sale ... ext . ukraine military base . day . row after row of tank , armored personnel carrier and helicopter gunship in mothball . yuri ( v.o. ) helicopter , torpedo boat , armored personnel carrier , whole tank division . dmitri , flask in hand , and yuri be give a tour of the surplus hardware by one of dmitri 's brother officer . ukraine major ( haggling over the gunship ) -- I will tell you what I will do . buy six , you get one free . yuri what about tech support ? ukraine major no problem . yuri and dmitri come upon a oily - face boy , perch on the cockpit of a helicopter gunship - he wear a ill-fitting uniform , several size too big . yuri Son , get off there before you get hurt . ukraine major ( sheepish ) he 's the tech support . yuri ( incredulous ) he 's twelve . ukraine major thirteen . almost fourteen . dmitri ( shrug ) kid grow up fast around here . ukraine major ( nodd to the gunship ) he can take it apart in he sleep . yuri shrug , shake the Major 's hand . ext . hill overlooking odessa harbor . day . the Pov from a pair of binoculars - in the crosshair , jack valentine , at a surprise checkpoint , stare through binocular of he own . yuri ( o.c . ) who be you ? yuri , on he belly to avoid detection , slither back to the roadway - hand the binocular to a young soldier . dmitri stand beside the convoy of truck park barely out of view of the checkpoint , include yuri 's mercede and a huge open - bed tractor - trailer carry a Russian hind helicopter gunship . yuri ( cont would ) ( angrily to dmitri ) I think we be suppose to be watch for this checkpoint . dmitri how can I ? you keep sell my helicopter . you be too greedy , yuri . yuri ( anxious ) we have to go back . dmitri regards the truck , each one longer than the road be wide . dmitri we will be go in reverse . we can not turn around for a mile . the young soldier on lookout call to they . young soldier they be come . yuri grab the binocular . sure enough , Valentine and he agent be climb into they interpol jeeps and drive towards they . dmitri we shoot it out ? yuri ( shaking he head ) and start a international fuck incident - no , no , no . dmitri so we run . yuri no . I have get paperwork . dmitri ( protest ) not for the gunship . yuri , you know the penalty for sanction - busting - sell a military helicopter ? yuri gaze at the Russian mi-24v helicopter gunship , bristle with armament . yuri it 's not a military helicopter . it 's a rescue helicopter . yuri turn to the Boy refer to as " tech support " . yuri ( cant ' d) get to work , Son . the boy pull a wrench from he pocket . several minute later the interpol jeeps crest the rise and pull in front of the convoy - valentine and he agent exit , gun draw . dmitri and the ukrainian soldier stiffen , they weapon also at the ready . a uneasy stand -off . yuri gesture for calm . he greet Valentine warmly - offer he hand . yuri yuri orlov . in reply , a interpol agent unceremoniously slam yuri into the side of he truck . valentine ( flash id ) paper . again yuri wave off dmitri and he man , about to come to he aid . yuri courteously hand over he passport and other documentation to the skeptical Valentine . valentine ( cont would ) ( regard the photo closely ) Mr. orlov , always in the wrong place at the right time . we have meet before . off the coast of colombia . ( feign memory loss ) what be the name of that freighter - I can not remember . be it the kono or the kristol ? yuri ( hesitates , he 's actually forget ) the crew call that vessel a lot of name - none of they repeatable in polite company . Valentine turn he attention to the helicopter - now devoid of its weapon . a interpol agent escort yuri at gunpoint . yuri ( cont would ) ( note to the gun in he rib ) the new mp - 5 . do you need a silencer for that ? Valentine ignore the banter , inspect yuri 's documentation . valentine the end-user certificate for this aircraft state burkina faso . Nice . do you type it yourself ? yuri it 's for humanitarian mission . valentine you be a humanitarian ? yuri shrug - why not ? valentine ( cont would ) ( not buy it for a second ) this be a kill machine . yuri not any more . dmitri ( in break English ) listen to the nephew . it 's true . yuri have have the armament detach . yuri do not you get the memo ? the war 's over . what can they do with military hardware but convert to civilian use ? dmitri what , yes ? yuri ( try to lighten the mood ) the only way you could die from this baby be if a food drop hit you . Valentine 's face harden at the flippant remark . still at gunpoint , yuri be escort to the smaller second truck in the convoy . stack inside the container be the helicopter 's hurriedly remove missile and the Boy . valentine ( refer to the missile ) also go to burkina faso ? yuri ( point to the document ) but to a different client at a different address . Valentine , incense , throw yuri up against the truck himself . valentine what do you take I for ? a complete fuck fool ? yuri ( eyeing Valentine 's gun press to he throat ) not complete , Sir . and while I hesitate to tell you you job , I must point out that when ship separately the weapon and the aircraft both comply with the current interpol trade standard and practice . valentine ( incredulous ) you expect I to believe this be a coincidence ? yuri I can see how certain people might interpret it as suspicious but thank God we live in a world where suspicion alone do not constitute a crime . Valentine regards yuri closely - this foe be more formidable than he imagine . Valentine look to the gun in he hand , contemplate crossing the line . he finally holster he gun . valentine ( toss the document on the road ) yuri orlov . you and I be go to be see a lot of each other . yuri I can hardly wait . valentine ( climb into he Jeep ) watch out for the time you do not see I . yuri , dmitri and the Boy watch Valentine speed away . boy ( perfect american accent ) what a asshole . yuri look to the boy , askance - a yuri in the make . ext . odessa harbor . day . yuri supervise the load of the cargo onto a freighter . check the empty truck , he be just in time to see simeon and he henchmen climb into they car , park beside he own car , some distance away . as he drive off , simeon and yuri make brief eye-contact . yuri look for dmitri , exite a nearby restroom - carry he hip flask as usual , the worse for drink . yuri ( refer to the depart simeon ) what be he do here ? dmitri ( zipping he pants ) try to beat you offer . I send he on he way . he do not understand the concept of loyalty . dmitri glance at the soldier around the dock . dmitri ( cont would ) speak of loyalty , too many people know . I have to make pay-off . yuri do not worry . there be more vcr 's . I leave they in you new car . dmitri 's face light up . yuri hand he the key to the skl . dmitri even you enemy be admire that car . I be the luckiest man alive . dmitri hand he hip flask to yuri . yuri watch dmitri walk to the car and climb in for a test drive . a look of realization on yuri 's face . yuri ( scream to dmitri ) dmit --!!! the car erupt as if it have be punch by a fist beneath the earth . recover from the blast , yuri run up to the burn car but be beat back by the flame . dissolve to : ext . dock . night . close on a bent mercede medallion , now wear around the boy 's neck . he regards it forlornly . yuri , numb , still carry dmitri 's hip flask , make a call from a payphone . int . upper east side apartment - manhattan . day . a darken bedroom . ava be fast asleep in she bed , curl up with nicolai . the phone ring . half -asleep , ava reach for it . ava ( still groggy ) yes , I will accept the charge . we cut between the two side of the conversation . yuri ava -- ava hey , baby . ( glance to a clock - 3 be ) you forget what time it be ? yuri sorry . I , er ... ( talk about anything other than what 's on he mind ) how be you audition ? ava ( resign smile ) they be go in another direction . the direction of someone who can act . yuri do not say that . you be good . ava and you be biased . ava grab she robe - go to the balcony so as not to disturb nicolai . ava ( sense something amiss ) where be you ? be everything okay ? yuri Rough day at the office . ava come home . we miss you . yuri soon. ( more desperate than he intend ) how 's Nicki ? ava asleep in we bed . it 's lonely without you . from a bar down the street come the sound of gunfire - mobster fire at other mobster escape in a car . yuri try to cover the phone but ava overhear . ava ( cont would ) yuri , what 's that ? yuri a party . ava it 's always a party where you be . more gunfire interrupt . yuri I would better go . I just want to call -- hear you voice . kiss Nicki for I . ava I love you . but yuri have go . ext . odessa harbor . day . the freighter slip out of the harbor . yuri ( v.o. ) in Ukraine since 1992 , $ 32 billion worth of arm have be steal and re-sold . one of the great heist of the 20th century . ext . dockside - monrovia . day . crates of munition be unload from the freighter onto wait truck under yuri 's supervision . yuri ( v.o. ) the primary market be Africa . eleven major conflict involve 32 country in the past decade - a gunrunner 's wet dream . yuri size up the militiamen load the arm . yuri ( v.o. ) my best customer be self - declare president of Liberia , Andre baptiste . even though we would meet before , I be in no hurry to meet he again . he would get a reputation for routinely hack off the limb of that who oppose he . his seven - year civil war have be describe as " a relentless campaign of sadistic , wanton violence unimaginable to that unfamiliar with the detail of man 's capacity to visit the abyss . " that kind of sum up Andy for I . as the final truck door be secure , a customize lincoln Continental convertible come fly around a corner - stereo blaring , deliberately terrorize the local on the dock . the car slide to a stop beside yuri . it contain andre baptiste jnr . , a handsome young man with sunglass , a mirror for a earring and a facial tattoo . also in the car , two bodyguard and a pair of liberian teenage girl dress in Dallas cowboy cheerleader uniform . andre jnr . Mr. yuri , I be Andre baptiste junior . my father would like to meet you . yuri thank he but I have other business . a busy schedule . andre jnr . it be not optional . my father be easily offended . yuri ponder for a moment . the machete in the bodyguard 's hand make up he mind . yuri what do you know ? my schedule just freed up . a bodyguard take yuri 's suitcase . yuri be barely in the car before it screech away . as the car roar along the highway on the edge of control , we hear yuri 's thought . yuri ( v.o. ) but if I think I be scared of Andre senior , I know I be scared of Andre junior . like father , like son . the guava do not fall too far from the tree . he be a heavy - drinker , a womanizer with a penchant for cheerleader and a lover of fast american automobile which he drive recklessly and with total impunity around the street of the capital . oh yes , he be also a cannibal . they say Andre would eat a victim 's heart while it be still beat to give he superhuman strength . I could have tell he he would get the same effect from a pastrami sandwich at Carnegie 's deli . Andre announce he arrival in the main street of monrovia with a burst of gunfire . the city , a violent clash of culture . goat and gucci . yuri ( v.o. ) monrovia itself be like be on another planet . Planet monrovia . from the temperature it be obviously a planet close to the sun . I rarely see another white man even at my hotel that be soon dub the " Little kremlin " . and I never leave town alone . outside town , be the edge of hell . I do not want to even gaze into it . the car pull up to monrovia 's premier hotel . a dead body on the ground attract no attention whatsoever . andre jnr . this be you hotel . ( proudly ) two star . a porter , carry yuri 's suitcase , step over the dead body . andre jnr. ( cont would ) ( to yuri ) can you bring I the gun of rambo ? yuri part one , two or Three ? andre jnr . ( confuse ) I have only see part one . yuri ( nodd ) the m60 . you want the attachable grenade launcher ? andre jnr . please . and the armor pierce bullet . ( revving the car ) I will be back to get you in a hour ... or two . it 's Liberia . ( mischievous smile ) we leave a welcoming present in you room . yuri nod , uncertainly . int . HOTEL africa - liberia . day . yuri enter the hotel . at the reception desk , two HOTEL porter watch a small , portable tv - CNN coverage of the O.J. Simpson trial - gruesome evidence photo . HOTEL porter # 1 ( never averting he eye from the screen ) my God , he nearly cut off she head . HOTEL porter # 2 when I get to America , I will not live in brentwood . the concierge hand yuri a key . int . hallway / HOTEL room . day . yuri go to open he hotel room door - hear music from inside , enter . two stun liberian girl sit naked on the bed bop to madonna 's lilike a prayer " . yuri ( v.o. ) in the most aids infest region of the globe , where one in four be infect , Andre 's idea of a joke be to put a young iman and a young naomi naked in my bed and no condom within a hundred mile . gloria hello , Mr. yuri . faith we would be happy to make you happy . the two goddess drape themselves around he . gloria do not worry , we do not have anything . yuri how do you know ? faith do we look like it ? yuri ( fend they off but with little commitment ) what if I have aids ? do not you worry ? gloria 's lip gently touch he . gloria you worry too much . faith begin to unbutton he shirt . faith ( sultry ) why worry about something that can kill you in ten year when there be so many thing that can kill you today ? gloria 's hand go to he belt buckle , start to unfasten it . gloria how can we make you happy ? with great reluctance yuri reach behind he and open the door . yuri by leave . ext . HOTEL - corridor . day . faith and gloria , still buck - naked , be toss into the hallway , they clothes flung after they , door slam shut . int . baptiste's presidential office - monrovia . day . a Glock .45 , heckler &amp ; koch .40 and a beretta 9 mm sitm on the ostentatious mahogany desk in front of President of Liberia , andre baptiste - a few pound heavier , still wear the same size uniform . andre jnr . watch over he shoulder . Andre baptiste examine each handgun methodically . in front of he , a pensive yuri , take in he surroundings . half a dozen gun-tote elite guard keep a idle watch . several hostess tend to a refreshment table . on a nearby sofa , a lieutenant flirt with one of the hostess . baptiste glance over to the Lieutenant , irritate . yuri ( provide a commentary ) -- that 's the beretta , come with a 36 cartridge , easy - operate clip -- baptiste test the load mechanism . the Lieutenant on the sofa be still not pay attention . baptiste casually point the gun at the Lieutenant and shoot he in the head - a large portion of he brain splattering across the fleur- de - lis wallpaper . yuri ( cont would ) ( shocked ) Jesus , why do you do that ? baptiste , clearly not use to have he action question , turn the gun on yuri . he 's next . baptiste what do you say ? yuri , stare down the barrel of the beretta , recover fast . yuri ( feign anger , gesture at the gun ) now you be go to have to buy it . ( grab the gun from baptiste ) it 's a use gun . I can not sell a use gun . baptiste be take aback . he suddenly burst into laughter . baptiste a use gun . that 's a good one . the other officer laugh uncertainly . the Lieutenant 's body be drag out - leave a smear of blood across the marble floor . baptiste , seemingly oblivious to the carnage he 's wreak , resume talk to yuri , in a measure way as if he 's discuss the sad state of punctuality in contemporary society . baptiste ( cant would ) ( confide in yuri ) there 's no discipline with the young boy . I try to set a example but it 's difficult . I blame the MTV . yuri nod , disguise he terror . baptiste , check he rolex oyster , rise from he desk . baptiste ( cont would ) let I show you something . ext . baptiste's presidential mansion . day . the camera track along the militia - however only the very top of they head be visible . yuri ( v.o. ) I have hear of the " Boy Brigades " , " small Boy unit " , " kalashnikov kid " . the theory be that a bullet come from a fourteen year old be just as effective as one trom a forty year old . andre baptiste haggle with yuri as he inspect he troops range from twelve to fourteen . yuri , avert he eye from the boy , uncomfortable review soldier a head short than he . older soldier fill the rank behind . baptiste I can not pay you ask price , yuri . we be not a rich people and the market be already flood with you kalashnikovs . in some place you can buy one for the price of a chicken . yuri you can not just look at the unit price . you forget the ancillary cost . end user certificate need to be forge and notarize , shell company set up , insurance purchase , pilot and crew hire . not to mention the bribe . you can not get a nut and bolt out of the Eastern bloc without a bribe . there 's one bribe for the nut . another for the bolt . this be a expensive proposition . Andre interrogates yuri 's eye . baptiste I pay in timber ... or stone . baptiste produce a handful of uncut diamond from he pocket . yuri 's eye widen at the sight of the very precious stone . yuri ( regard the stone ) I will take the stone . it 's hard to get a tree trunk in my hand luggage . Andre smile . he turn to he new Lieutenant . baptiste ( refer to the inspection ) very professional , Lieutenant . lieutenant ( dismiss the troops ) dismiss ! yuri and Andre watch the troops disperse . yuri I know you be plan a new offensive . if you delay a week I can get you the armored personnel carrier we talk about . they would give you a significant strategic advantage . Andre nod , grateful for the free tactical advice - regards yuri in a new light . baptiste they say I be the lord of war . but perhaps it be you . yuri ( correct he ) it 's not " lord of war " . it 's " warlord " . baptiste I like it my way . Andre smile again . they be go to be fast friend . he leave yuri alone to examine he uncut diamond in he hand . yuri ( v.o. ) diamond be far less bulky than hundred - dollar bill . you can get a million dollar into a cigarette box . ext . art gallery - manhattan . dusk . a go- between emerge from a gallery with a wrap painting , hand it to yuri , wait in a limo . yuri ( v.o. ) by the mid-ninety , my wealth have catch up to my lie about my wealth - even surpass the lie . yuri pay the go- between in cash , place the painting in the trunk . int . live room - new york apartment . night . yuri enter the front door , drop he luggage at the door . ava , talk excitedly on the phone , hang up , run to greet he . vitaly , in the background , cocktail in hand , with another dubious - look girlfriend , be examine another of ava 's painting . ava yuri , I just get off the phone with the dealer . I sell my first painting . yuri and vitaly greet each other with a nod . yuri ( feign surprise ) fantastic . who buy it ? ava someone important . they want to remain anonymous . ( ask in a way that do not expect a answer ) how be you trip ? yuri you know . same old , same old . ( quickly change the subject ) where 's Nicki , in bed ? ava I be sorry . poor darling . he try to stay up . yuri I will kiss he goodnight . vitaly ( open champagne ) this call for a drink . yuri what do not ? ava ( still giddy at the news ) my first painting . I be officially a artist ! he watch ava show off more of she painting to vitaly and the latest girlfriend . yuri ( v.o. ) I figure I be a patron of the art and of everything else ava have try and fail at after modell . acting , she own cosmetics line . I do not sabotage she career but I can not deny it be convenient for I in maintain a low profile . she be a beautiful bird in a gild cage . int . bedroom - new york apartment . night . yuri kiss he sleep son , nicolai , now three year old . he place a gift at the end of he bed - a expensive - look microscope . at the same time he spy a object in nicolai 's toy box - a toy gun . int . kitchen / live room - new york apartment . night . yuri toss the toy gun in the trash . vitaly , still in the kitchen , catch he - pretend he do not see . yuri how be you , brother ? vitaly ( shrug ) you know , still the resident family fuck -up . yuri someone have to do it . they watch ava in the live room share a joke with vitaly 's girlfriend . vitaly she know , right ? yuri we do not talk about it . vitaly look askance . yuri ( cont would ) ( shrug ) how many car salesmen talk about they work , how many executive at cigarette company ? and both of they product kill more people every year than mine . at least mine have a safety switch . if that guy can leave they work at the office , why can not I ? vitaly shit , you be good . you almost have I convinced . ( to he girlfriend , knock back he drink ) we be go , baby . later yuri and ava be alone at the window , overlook Central Park . he hand she a fresh glass of champagne . yuri ( raise he glass for a toast ) to manet , Monet ... and ava cordova . ava grin , go to drink when she notice two huge diamond earring lay at the bottom of the glass . ava ( gasp ) yuri ! yuri ( shrug ) the trip go better than expect . ava ( fishing out the damp bauble ) yuri , they be beautiful . ( flirtacious grin ) but what be I go to wear they with ? yuri ( flirt back ) I know just the outfit . they kiss . int . bedroom - new york apartment . night . close up on the diamond dangle from ava 's ear . she wear the earring and nothing else as she and yuri make love . yuri ( v.o. ) I do not know how much she know and how much she ignore . I be a good provider and as far as she be concerned - loyal . despite the other woman , I always make love to ava as if she be the only one . int . helicopter - manhattan . morning . from a unmark helicopter , jack valentine and he interpol agent shadow a mercede sedan as it weave through midtown traffic . int . sedan . morning . yuri ride in the back seat of the sedan , scour the world affair section of several newspaper . a think interrupt he homework . he open the sunroof a crack , spy the helicopter tailing the car . he close the roof . yuri ( to the driver ) take Park . ext . park avenue . morning . the sedan enter the underpass beneath the helmsley building - for a moment the car hide from aerial surveillance . yuri ( to the Driver ) this be good . the Driver pull over , never come to a complete stop before yuri bail . horn blare at the illegal drop-off . yuri ( cont would ) ( to the Driver from the sidewalk ) take they on a tour of the tri-state . yuri grab ava 's painting from the trunk and the sedan pull back out into daylight minus yuri - the occupant of the helicopter none the wiser . yuri hail a taxi . int . helicopter - manhattan . morning . valentine observe the sedan cruise through the heart of yonker . valentine where in God 's name be he go ? be he lose ? int . public storage facility . morning . with some reverence , yuri prop ava 's painting against the wall of he private sanctuary , then go about he business - shuffle passport , decide who he will be . ext . new york apartment . day . ava , dress in a robe , all smile , pour herself a cup of coffee . she sip the coffee at the window , glance down . in the courtyard below , interpol agent be pick through the garbage can under the supervision of agent valentine . Valentine curiously examine the toy gun . the smile be wipe off ava 's face . she make brief eye-contact with Valentine before step back from the window . slightly shake , she pick up the phone and dial . ava ( into phone ) vitaly ... it 's ava . int . cockpit - ilyushin -76 cargo plane . day . the cargo hold of a ilyushin - 76 cargo plane . it 's so overflow with weapon , many be strapped into the passenger seat . Sierra leone - 1999 yuri ( v.o. ) I be now the best merchant of death alive . I do not own my own plane . I own a fleet - run gun into Liberia , Sierra leone or the ivory Coast at least once a week . unfortunately , my friend at interpol be also start to find West Africa on the map . most trip I have phoney paperwork . if the deadline be tight , I have no paperwork at all . in the cockpit , a american pilot and co- pilot keep a idle watch on they instrument as they fly over the endless plain of Sierra leone . yuri sit in the jump -seat , read the Wall Street Journal . pilot ( to he co-pilot ) -- even take into consideration the pay-off to the parent , a week with a girl in burkina faso be cheaper than a night with a girl in Jersey . CO - pilot plus , they be cleaner -- pilot -- and a lot of they speak better English . CO - pilot ( shrug ) personally , I prefer a language barrier -- a unmark military jet appear through the starboard window . the voice on the radio be familiar . valentine ( o.c . ) -- Charlie , echo , India . descend for landing on head zero ...two ...nine . the Pilot pick up the radio , look to yuri . yuri shake he head , dialling he satellite phone . yuri 's call be answer . yuri ( into phone , try not to sound too desperate ) Colonel Southern , it 's yuri . sorry to call you on this number but I have get a interpol jet and -- the jet outside the window fall back . int . a pentagon office . day . a mid-rank office dominate by a computer terminal . we look over colonel southern 's shoulder . he be admire a new medal . two other men in suit sit opposite . col . southern ( into phone , measure voice ) I can not know you right now . it 's not a good time . Southern hang up . int . cockpit - ilyushin -76 cargo plane . day . yuri , hearing the response , explode . yuri ( gape at the phone in disbelief ) not a good time ! suddenly machine gun fire strafe the ilyushin - bullet tear through the fuselage , perilously close to yurir very combustible cargo . CO - pilot motherfucker ! the jet appear again at the window . valentine ( radio ) -- Charlie , echo , India . comply immediately . that be you last warning . yuri where be the first fuck warning ?! valentine ( radio ) rock you wing if you intend to comply . pilot ( to yuri , anxious ) I be put we down . yuri ( incredulous ) you land and we be all go away ! I do not have paperwork ! pilot ( incredulous ) we be in a fly fuck bomb ! they be fire bullet at we bullet ! forget about go away ! they shoot again , we be go away for good ! I be put we down . yuri ( know he 's right ) okay ! okay !-- fuck !! the pilot respond on the radio . pilot ( into radio ) this be Charlie echo India . descend on head zero two nine . the interpol jet take the lead towards a small airport . yuri survey the terrain below , get he head back in the game . yuri ( point out a narrow highway ) not the airport . there . the highway . it 's we only fuck hope . pilot ( concerned ) a pothole could set we off . yuri do not underestimate yourself . you be the best , tony . the pilot do not buy it but reluctantly change course anyway . int . interpol jet . day . from he own wingseat , valentine observe the ilyushin 's detour , landing on the highway . interpol pilot I can not land there . valentine ( to the pilot ) he can not get far . I want a truck wait on the tarmac . ext . highway . day . a heavily - trafficked highway . women carry water jar on they head , a thin cow pull the carcass of a car , vendor sell dry meat , child play war game . the pedestrian look up to see the lumber ilyushin make its final approach - they scatter . the ilyushin weave on landing , hit a bone-jarring pothole . inside the plane - box of grenade , bullet and other munition jump dangerously up and down . finally , the ilyushin pull up safely on the highway , engine shutting down . yuri 's head appear out of the cockpit window . curious local , recover from the shock , be gather at the side of the road . yuri ( to the pilot , size up the local ) we be go to be okay . the pilot be already halfway out of the plane door , grab supplies as they go . yuri ( cont would ) ( call out from the window ) where be you go ? pilot as far from the evidence as I can . the pilot start run down the highway . yuri wait , you idiot ! there 's not go to be any evidence ! stay with the plane ! the pilot ignore he - run for they life . yuri be leave alone . he turn a lever mark , " cargo BAY " . ext . cargo BAY . day . the rear cargo bay open . yuri stand beside he incriminate merchandise . yuri ( to the gather local ) help yourselves . be my guest . no charge . one local man tentatively approach the cargo bay . yuri hand he a AK - 47 and a box of shell . more sierra leonese local emerge from the side of the road , seemingly out of thin air . yuri hand out more gun . yuri ( cont would ) ( to other local ) take the whole crate . two man oblige , ferry the crate away . the other local become bolder , then brazen . soon it 's a free-far-all . Men , woman and child swarm all over the plane pilfering the arm and anything else that be not bolt down - also a lot that be . yuri have to exit the plane to avoid be trample in the rush . ext . highway . day . yuri busy a fanta from a vendor - exchange it for a box of grenade . he sit on a soda crate for a front row seat at the chaos . yuri have a calculator out - total he loss . yuri ( mutter under he breath , shutting off the calculator in disgust ) what a fuck disaster . yuri see the pilot seat be steal . yuri hey , not that ! you do not touch the plane ! ( plaintive moan ) not the fuck seat ... glancing up the highway , yuri see a approach cloud of dust - valentine and two truckful of heavily - armed interpol Agents . too late . the last of the gun and ammunition be be carte away on the back of a thin cow . Valentine 's truck fishtail to a halt beside the stripped plane . Valentine be first off the truck and into the plane 's cargo bay - empty . other interpol agent fan out - futilely question local . miraculously the weapon have vanish into the bush . Valentine call out to the last flee local - a boy with a lifevest . valentine hey , you ! the boy stare back , defiantly inflate the life preserver . valentine ( cont would ) ( exasperate ) forget it . the entire cargo have go . a errant bullet fall off a shelf in the plane and roll down the floor - Valentine pick it up . yuri sit innocently on he soda crate . a frustrated African interpol agent , mbizi , wound - up by the chase , rush yuri - slam he to the ground . mbizi you run from we . ( flash a machete in yuri 's face ) can you run with no leg ? Valentine rush over , pull mbizi off yuri . valentine no , mbizi . no , no , no . Valentine drag mbizi out of yuri 's earshot . mbizi still want a piece of yuri - Valentine prevent he get to the gunrunner . mbizi let I disappear he , Mr. Valentine . he be a devil . let I disappear he . valentine I can not do that . mbizi look where we be . who will know ? valentine we will . mbizi stop struggle against Valentine . mbizi turn you back , Mr. Valentine . I will go to hell to stop he . valentine ( gently ) no. ( to he Agents ) find the pilot . mbizi and another agent reluctantly head off in a truck . Valentine return to yuri who be dusting himself off . Valentine handcuffs yuri himself , pick up the soda crate and sit yuri back on it . valentine ( cont would ) I have spend my whole career on the right side of the line . you be the first man I have encounter who make I seriously consider crossing it . yuri what 's the charge ? valentine what be you do in Sierra leone ? yuri I be on safari . valentine ( refer to the bullet ) shoot wildebeest with submachine gun ? yuri be you with the park service ? hunting without a license - be that the charge ? valentine you be trafficking arm . yuri Trading . but without evidence who can say ? valentine Trade or traffic , you make a fortune by keep the poorest people on the planet kill each other . ( hesitates , unsure whether to waste he breath - waste it anyway ) do you know why I do what I do ? yuri remain handcuff , sit on the soda crate - dwarf by the cargo plane . Valentine pace beside he . valentine ( cont would ) ( ignore he ) there be more prestigious assignment , you know . keeping track of the nuclear arsenal . you would think it more critical to world security . it 's not . nine out of ten war victim today be kill by assault rifle and other small arm - like yours . that missile just sit in they silo . you AK - 47 - it 's the real weapon of mass destruction . yuri regards he interrogator curiously . despite the sun beat down , he feel oblige to give he he version of the fact of life . yuri I do not want people dead , agent Valentine . I admit , a shoot war be better for business . but I would prefer people to fire my gun and miss . just as long as they be fire . he regards Valentine with something approach pity . yuri ( cont would ) I realize the unspeakable thing that be do with my weapon . I also understand the unspeakable thing that be do with Williams sonoma carve knife and Wilson baseball bat and they be not take that off the market any time soon . people will always buy gun . why not mine ? Valentine appear to have no answer . yuri ( cont would ) can I go ? you have get nothing on I -- ( unable to resist ) -- but cuff . now Valentine smile . valentine I be legally permit to hold you for twenty - four hour without charge you . yuri look away , know where this be go . valentine ( cont would ) you may ask , why do I bother to do that ? I can assure you , it be not because I enjoy you company . and you may be surprised to learn that it be not for any vindictive motive . no . the reason I delay you for every second of the permissible twenty - four hour , be that I be delay you deadly trade and the death of you victim . I do not think of it as take a day from you but give a day to they . some innocent man , woman or child somewhere have one more day on this earth because you be not free . Valentine look to he watch . valentine ( cont would ) see you in twenty - three hour and fifty five minute . Valentine walk away . yuri be leave to ponder the notion . we see time lapse photography of yuri wait out he twenty - four hour , under armed guard on the highway - stretch he leg , eat a suspicious - look sandwich , go to the bathroom , the sun arcing across the sky - all the while he plane be be cannibalize by the local . finally the time lapse slow back into real time . Valentine return in a Jeep with mbizi and other Agents . valentine you will be pleased to know you colleague be no more co-operative than you . Valentine open the back of the Jeep . lying in the back , the body of the two pilot shot and stripped . valentine ( cont would ) the local get to they before we could . yuri turn away from the sight . his handcuffs be remove . returning yuri 's document , Valentine notice a photo of ava and nicki in the wallet . valentine ( cont would ) handsome family . Valentine and the Agents get back in the truck and drive away . ext . highway . dusk . yuri start to walk down the desert highway alone - he cargo plane be now just another carcass in the jungle . a convoy of armored personnel carrier barrel past he - the color : U.N. white . the lead car slam on its brake , bring the train to a stop . a woman poke she head out of the window - captain vivian carlisle . vivian ( pleasantly surprised ) yuri ! yuri orlov ! yuri ( give she a embarrassed hug ) vivian ... vivian what be you do here ? yuri ( approach the window ) you know . Fighting the good fight . vivian a aid program ? yuri uh , yes . in fact , I have just have some transport problem . you could not give I a ride to monrovia , could you ? vivian sure. climb in . yuri step back into a vehicle with which he be very familiar . vivian ( cant ' d) we be pull out . it 's too dangerous . it 's a shame . we be really do some good thing . yuri nod in understanding . int . HOTEL africa - yuri be HOTEL room . night . a weary yuri enter he room . sitting on the green sofa - bound and gag , face reduce to pulp , silver hair matte with blood - simeon . yuri Jesus ! simeon ! andre jnr . , a flunky and he cheerleader appear from behind the door , laugh at he shocked reaction . yuri ( cont would ) Andre ! what in heaven be he do here ? andre jnr . a gift for you . yuri stare into the old gunrunner 's terrify eye . andre jnr . ( cont would ) you get here just in time . I be afraid he would die before you get a chance to kill he . he offer yuri a beretta . yuri I ?! andre jnr . who do you think inform on you - cost you you plane ? he come to meet my father , hope to take you place . yuri spit on simeon . yuri you stupid old fuck ! andre jnr . ( know smile ) he kill you man when he try to kill you . Andre again offer yuri the beretta . yuri no . andre jnr . ( confuse ) you want we to let he go ? yuri no. no. I ... Andre offer he the gun a third time . yuri refuse it . andre jnr . so you do want he dead . you just do not want to kill he yourself ? I understand . Andre grab yuri and press the gun into yuri 's palm , clasp he own hand over yuri 's . andre jnr . we will do it together . a bond experience . Andre force yuri 's finger onto the trigger as he aim at the terrify simeon - eye plead . yuri attempt to pull he hand away but Andre be too strong . andre jnr . you can stop if you want - but you do . just say the word . Andre stare at yuri not simeon . andre jnr . ( cont would ) say , " stop " . yuri open he mouth but no word come . Andre press yuri 's finger onto the trigger . the gun go off . a splash of blood across the sofa 's green upholstery . the gunshot echoe around the room . simeon be very dead . yuri ( quietly ) stop . Andre smile . andre jnr . ( surveying the blood-spatter room ) I will get you another room with a nicer view . int . HOTEL africa - liberia . day . yuri collapse on the bar - gesture to the barman who immediately pour a line of cocaine in full view . yuri hoover it up . yuri ( v.o. ) I start do a lot of cocaine in West Africa . I be not medicate myself . I be simply play catch -up . I be constantly deal with people who be chemically imbalance without the aid of chemical . it 's just a matter of etiquette . it 's rude to act sane in a room full of lunatic . the barman nod to a patron at a corner table - a seasoned fighter - no more than eighteen year old . barman he buy you " brown -brown " , Mr. yuri . yuri ( wiping he nose ) what ? barman " brown-brown " . yuri what be it ? barman ( laugh ) a mixture - cocaine and gunpowder . yuri what do the gunpowder do ? barman it 's magic . they give it to the small boy before battle - they do anything . yuri some other time . barman you have to try it at least once , Mr. yuri . the barman start chopping another line . yuri why ? barman ( laugh ) because it 's you gunpowder . sure enough the barman pour the gunpowder from one of yuri 's 39 mm shell into the cocaine . the seasoned fighter , assault rifle sling over he shoulder , intimidating air , sidle up to yuri - stare he down . yuri have no option , do a line . he wash it down with a swig from a vodka bottle , raise he glass to the fighter . the barman put on a ukrainian folk song . yuri pick out one of the prostitute in the bar , start dance . he drunkenly dance with one prostitute after another - the dance almost violent , the prostitute flung aside , none last more than a few second - catch in the arm of the other patron . to yuri , the bar swim before he eye . the music stop . yuri , wild - eye , look at the stunne bar room . yuri ( to no one in particular , whipping he vodka bottle off the bar ) I be go for a walk . ext . monrovia . night . a montage of scene from yuri be p.o.v. in he alter state . [ a mixture of format including super - 8 &amp ; video , shaky handheld footage , over -exposed footage , black &amp ; white footage edite out -of - sequence with jump cut and flash frame ] yuri stagger towards the edge of town - still swigging from he bottle . a room with a curve ceiling on the outskirt of monrovia yuri , eye unable to focus , stare at a woman' face in front of he , move back and forth . the gyrate stop . yuri realize he be lie in the mouth of a enormous cement pipe on he back , a prostitute on top of he . she get to she foot , adjust she dress . yuri panic , hurriedly zipping himself . yuri ( a mixture of french and English ) I do not fuck you , do I ? do I fuck you ? prostitute ( in french , as she count yuri 's money ) it 's not what I would call a fuck . the prostitute toss a couple of bill back to he . yuri ignore the money , stagger after she . yuri be you sick ? she ignore he . yuri ( cont would ) ( scream ) be you sick ?! yuri stagger to he foot - wander aimlessly across a field . a dance in dust somewhere on the outskirt of monrovia two dozen pair of foot chase each other on a dirt field to cheer from a crowd . the dust clear , revealing a bundle of cloth and string double as a soccer ball . the game be between two indistinguishable team of monrovian youngster on a makeshift dirt field , goalpost construct from tree branch lash together . yuri wander onto the field , join the game without ask . the player humor he by let he have the ball . yuri dribble up field , take a enormous swipe at the ball , miss completely , clatter to the ground . the crowd and player laugh . the game go on . yuri , also laugh but in a far more desperate manner , pick himself up and wander away . a liberian bar call " zanzi - bar " yuri throw up at the back of a saloon flimsily construct from rusted corrugate iron . rinsing out he mouth with vodka , he be distract by the sound of two little girl argue . girl # 1 ( o.c. ) they will ! girl # 2 ( o.c. ) they will not ! girl # 1 ( o.c. ) they will ! girl # 2 ( o.c. ) they will not ! girl # 1 they will ! girl # 2 ask the foreigner . the foreigner will know . the girl approach yuri - no older than seven , formal white dress , hand politely behind they back . yuri hello . girl # 1 Sir , will my finger grow back ? one of the girl show yuri a heal stump where she hand should be . yuri run away . a modern sculpture somewhere in monrovia yuri pass in front of a abstract arrangement of hole that turn out to be a building pock - mark with gunshell . suddenly a face appear in one of the hole - simeon . the gunshot wound in he forehead still evident . yuri gasp . yuri simeon . simeon turn and walk away - revealing a large exit wound in the back of he head . yuri ( cont would ) simeon !! yuri poke he head through the hole but simeon have vanish . yuri turn back to find himself trap by two men in flip -flops , short , gap t-shirt and AK - 47' . through yuri 's eye the two man look like four . the two / four man go through yuri 's pocket , take he watch , shoe . yuri be oddly compliant - clumsily help one of the thief fasten the watch . one of the man , tired of yuri 's antic , aim he gun at yuri 's head . his colleague stop he . man # 1 do not . he 's Andre 's . man # 2 ( keep he gun raise ) fuck Andre . yuri ( seemingly beyond caring ) yeah , fuck Andre . the man fire at yuri . the gun jam . yuri look almost disappointed . the man try again . again the gun jam . yuri ( refer to the gun ) I be sorry . they do not usually do that . let I have a look . maybe I can fix it . man # 1 ( disgust ) fuck off ! the man whip the gun across yuri 's face . a path outside monrovia yuri , face streak with blood and dirt , wander aimlessly through the brush outside monrovia . a hyena appear on the dirt path in front of he - tooth bare , frenzied eye . yuri stare at the wild dog - start to quietly cry . tear roll down he cheek . the hyena run away . yuri be alone . dissolve to : ext . monrovian dock . dawn . a vacant -ey yuri sit in the shadow of a enormous stack of arm , unload from a freighter . a presidential motorcade appear on the dock . andre baptiste emerge out of he mercede Jeep , gun in he hand . he stride up to yuri . andre baptiste yuri , you fuck up ! I be go to shoot you face off with you own gun . yuri do not flinch . yuri ( unfaze , regard the man ) not bad . Andre 's latest double ? the man 's face fall . the real andre baptiste emerge from the car with andre jnr . andre baptiste ( to yuri , stand beside he uncanny double ) how do you know ? yuri he 's too eloquent . andre baptiste you have no heart . baptiste brandish a copy of the New York Times . andre baptiste have you see the news ? they accuse I of rigging election , but after this in you Florida with you Supreme Court of kangaroos -- close on the headline , " U.S. supreme court reverse recount ruling " . andre baptiste ( cont would ) -- now the U.S. must shut up forever . yuri just smile . yuri more good news . that 's the last aid shipment . the war be so bad , the U.N. be pull out . Andre shrug . he regards the inactivity at the dock . andre baptiste why be nothing happen ? andre , jnr . ( reluctant to give he father bad news ) no truck . they be trap on the front line . yuri there be truck . you just have to get all that food out of they . yuri gesture down the dock where food be be load into truck mark , " humanitarian aid " Andre baptiste and Andre jnr. be clearly take with the idea . andre jnr . killing certain human can be consider humanitarian . ( thinly disguise reference to the previous night ) be not that right , Mr. yuri ? Andre baptiste hand yuri he payment - a slim briefcase contain a pouch of uncut diamond . yuri ( v.o. ) after survive the last few day I would start to feel like I be invincible . but there be a weapon that could hurt I . int . upper east side apartment . day . from behind the cover of a sofa nicolai shoot at a unseen foe , he finger as the gun . the camera pan around the room to find ava in a armchair opposite agent valentine . ava hush , nicki. ( to Valentine ) I do not believe you . Valentine be unfaze . ava ( cont would ) can you prove any of it ? where be you evidence ? valentine I be hope you could help we with that . ( open a old file contain a copy of a newspaper clipping , headline , " cordova disappearance " ) I understand you parent die tragically in EI salvador . ( meeting avar gaze ) that regime have startling similarity to several of the regime supply by you husband . ava get out . Valentine rise to leave . ava hold nicolai , she mind reeling . int . fashion show - new york . night . impossibly thin model strut along a transparent lightbox of a runway , flanke by socialite and paparazzi . project on the wall behind they , the word , " fashion against hate - dress not to kill " and various image from the world 's warzone . each outfit be enthusiastically applaud . master of ceremonies and now , one of the sponsor of tonight 's evening , former miss World , ava cordova . ava appear from behind the wing in a designer gown . she modestly accept the applause - gradually become aware of a projection on she face . she turn to see the project image of a child hold a AK - 47 . when she turn back , tear be roll down she face . int . new york house . night . back to we , ava naked , sit on the end of she bed , clothes laid out beside she . yuri ( o.c. ) ava ? yuri , still carry he suitcase , appear in the doorway . he drop the case . yuri ava , what 's wrong ? where 's Nicki ? ava ( still with she back to we ) he 's with you parent . yuri sense something very wrong . yuri why be not you dress ? I think we be go out . he find a robe from the closet - gently place it around she . she pull it off she shoulder . ava ( turn back to look at he ) I can not wear the clothes . I can not wear the jewelry . I can not drive the car . I can not live in this house . everything get blood on it . yuri pull the robe back onto she shoulder , walk to the window . yuri do not be so melodramatic . ava pull the robe to she , follow yuri to the window . ava of course I be melodramatic . I be a fail actress , remember ? we need to talk about it . yuri why ? we never have before . ava now we do . yuri notice the interpol business card on the bedside table . yuri this people - you can not trust they -- ava -- I have talk to you parent . why do you think they do not want you money ? they know where it come from . we all know . yuri sigh , resign . yuri I sell people a mean to defend themselves , ava . that 's all . I do not hold a gun to any one 's head and make they shoot -- ava -- yuri , I see the news . Sierra leone -- yuri -- I do not sell machete . ava -- what do you think be point at the victim when they use that machete ? I see the picture . yuri , the gun be bigger than the boy . yuri ( angere ) there 's nothing illegal about what I do . ava I do not care if it 's legal , it 's wrong . ava meet he eye . ava ( cont ' d) I can accept the drug . I can even accept the other woman . I can not accept this . yuri look away . ava please stop . yuri ( look back ) it make no difference if I stop . someone will take my place the next day . ava let they . we have enough . you be not that little boy in odessa anymore , lining up for a loaf of bread -- yuri -- it 's not about the money . ava what be it ? he do not answer - perhaps he do not have one . ava look out of the window at they expensive view . ava ( cont would ) I feel like all I have do my whole life be be pretty . all I have do be be bear . I be not just a fail actress . I be also a fail writer , fail artist , fail businesswoman . I be not much good as a mother . come to think of it , I be not even that pretty any more . I have fail at everything , yuri. ( turn back to he ) but I will not fail as a human be . I be leave . the word finally register with yuri . yuri you can not leave . I will stop . ( as if try to convince himself ) I will stop . ava be skeptical . he hold she , reassure she . yuri ( cont would ) I have be think about it for a while . a lot , lately . ( as if try to convince himself ) I be make more from the oil and timber anyhow . ( further reassurance ) I will stop . she interrogates he eye for the truth . ava ( plead eye ) you will ? you promise ? yuri ( deadly serious ) yes. ( change the subject a millisecond too fast ) now get dress . we will go out . ava pick up the dress off the bed . yuri gaze at she . yuri ( cont would ) by the way , you be wrong about not be pretty any more . she turn back and smile . ext . fifth avenue at central park east . day . a young interpol agent , carry a tray of coffee , approach a plain panel van park outside yuri 's apartment building . yuri ( v.o. ) for the next month I stop run gun . I go legitimate . the van door open to reveal valentine and other interpol agent , wear headsets , monitoring a scanner device . the agent read porn to keep themselves amused - except Valentine . yuri ( v.o. ) no wonder Valentine be confuse . int . upper east side apartment . dusk . yuri toy with he old bullet pendant as he talk on the phone . for once the spreadsheet in front of he deal with oil and timber . yuri ( v.o. ) thank God there be still legal way to exploit develop country . with the cordless phone to he ear , yuri wander to the kitchen . he toss the pendant down a trash chute . back in the de , yuri punch a calculator as he continue he phone call . yuri ( v.o. ) but the only problem with a honest buck be they be so hard to make . the margin be too low . too many people be do it . finally we be privy to the conversation . yuri ( into phone ) -- impossible . two and a quarter ? I can not make a profit at two and a quarter . why do not you take my oil and I will fuck pay you ? yuri hang up , stare down from he apartment window . Valentine 's panel truck drive away . later night have fall over Central Park - criss -cross by a necklace of light . yuri continue to stare out of the window . he be perplex by the sight of a diplomatic motorcade park in front of he building . before he can make sense of it , the house phone ring . ava enter . ava ( confuse ) yuri , the President of Liberia be in the lobby . yuri , stunne for a millisecond , recover with a smile . yuri ( glance to he watch ) he 's early . int . lobby - upper east side apartment . day . andre baptiste be admire he new uniform in a gilt edge mirror . andre jnr . be flirt with two teenage girl - resident of the building . the perplex doorman stare at the motorcade outside he door - flash light on the police escort . andre jnr . ( to the girl ) -- you should come to Liberia with I tomorrow . it be beautiful this time of year . teenage girl Liberia . be that on Long Island ? yuri , ashen -face , hurriedly exit the elevator into the ornate lobby - stride up to Andre snr . andre jnr . yuri ! yuri ( nervous as hell ) what the fuck be you do here , Andre ? andre baptiste ( hugging yuri ) we be here for the peace talk at the U.N. yuri ( pull he out of earshot of the curious doorman , anxious whisper ) so at the same time you think you would drop in on you arm dealer ?! andre baptiste be that what you still be ? you be a hard man to get hold of all of a sudden . yuri I -- andre baptiste -- but now you mention it , we be do a little shopping while we be here - that be if you open for business . yuri ( anxious look past Andre to the motorcade on the street ) they have get to be watch . andre baptiste ( disdainful shrug ) of course they blame I . they always blame I . they be on a -- yuri ( unable to resist ) -- hunt for a witch ? andre baptiste ( a smile , for once correct yuri ) " witch-hunt " . but I have be grant diplomatic immunity due to the escalation in hostility . ( conspiratorial ) that be why I need you . they be make life difficult to re-supply . it will require a man of you unusual ingenuity . yuri I can not help you . I be sorry . andre baptiste ( nod ) I understand . he shake yuri 's hand firmly . andre baptiste ( cont would ) but you should know that we present difficulty compel we to be unusually generous . yuri realize that Andre have place a huge uncut diamond in he hand . andre baptiste ( cont would ) ( hugging yuri ) farewell , Lord of War . andre jnr . you still have not bring I the gun of rambo . Andre baptiste and he son breeze out of the lobby . int . upper east side apartment - live room . night . yuri enter , sit in a armchair . ava and nicolai be cuddle on the sofa - ava read he a fairytale . ava ( look up from the book ) be that about the oil or the timber ? yuri both . everything . ava smile , carry on read . yuri look to he hand - we rack focus to the uncut diamond . yuri get up . int . upper east side apartment - garbage room . night . yuri , still in he suit , stand in a dumpster , search . yuri ( v.o . ) at four and a half month a human fetus have a reptile 's tail - a remnant of we evolution . amongst a pile of rotten food he find he necklace contain the bullet . yuri ( v.o. ) you can fight a lot of enemy and survive but if you fight you biology you always lose . yuri place the bullet around he neck . int . new york apartment . morning . ava be fasten eight - year - old nicolai 's coat , readying to go out . yuri , half - dress , appear in the hallway . yuri hey , not even wait to say goodbye ? I be leave in ten minute . ava sorry , Nicki have swim practice . nicolai kiss he father . nicolai bye , papa . yuri ( hugging he ) see you , big guy . ava kiss yuri. ava ( teasing he ) personally , I be glad you be go . you have be here so long you be start to get on my nerve . yuri ( take the teasing good - naturedly ) this oil concession should be wrap up by Thursday . I will be back for the weekend . we will go somewhere - the sea . ava that would be fun . a think occur to yuri . yuri you trust I , right ? yuri 's turn to interrogate she eye . ava smile . yuri ( v.o. ) she look I directly in the eye the way I have look in the eye of a thousand custom official , government bureaucrat and footsoldier from every law enforcement agency in the world - and she lie without flinching . ava yes , I trust you . yuri ( v.o. ) she would learn from the best . ava give yuri a final kiss , hurry nicolai out the door . int . mercede sedan . day . from the rear seat of a mercede sedan we observe yuri exite the apartment building and enter a wait mercede sedan of he own . ava ( o.c. ) ( to the driver ) that 's he . we reveal ava and nicolai in the car . yuri 's car pull away and ava 's car follow . nicolai ( confuse ) where be we go , mama ? ava it 's a game . nicolai like hide and seek ? ava yes . ext . public storage facility . day . yuri lock he storage locker , observable from the street , and exit the facility carry a passport and briefcase . yuri ( v.o. ) I can always sense when I be be tail . I know what to look for . but then I would never be tail by the woman I love . returning to he car , yuri fail to notice that ava have witness he routine from she own car . instead of follow the car , ava exit with nicolai . int . public storage facility . day . ava , nicolai in tow , approach yuri 's locker . she try a combination - fail . tries another - fail . a third - same result . yuri ( v.o. ) I can put myself in ava 's place . she might have understand if the combination be the last four digit of my social , my birthdate , even she birthdate but not nicolai 's . ava look to nicolai , try one more combination , reluctantly . close on the numeral on the lock - " 10 ...6... " yuri ( v.o . ) my son 's birthday unlock what the government would later describe as , " a catalogue of carnage " . " 90 " . the lock open . ava ( whisper , to herself ) not that . not that , yuri . ava open the storage room door - at first strike by the exhibition of she painting inside the locker . shake the image from she head , she turn she attention to the briefcase and other document . she shuffles through the passport in horror - different photo of yuri , different name : " George eagleman " , " Georges D ' aigle " , etc . who be she husband ? be he any of they ? int . " the crimean " restaurant - day . vitaly be back at work in the kitchen of the family restaurant . yuri approach - vitaly sense something amiss . vitaly come to see how the other half life ? yuri I miss you borscht . Mom and dad say you be clean . vitaly you too . they say you go legitimate - hard to believe . yuri that 's because it 's not true . vitaly be hardly surprised . yuri glance to he parent , anatoly and irina , at the restaurant counter , fold napkin - observe they two son . they avert they eye . yuri only you know . I be leave tonight - on a job . I want you to come . vitaly I can not . I be think of open my own place . yuri maybe this trip will help . it 's good money . vitaly ( look to he parent ) I have give my word . yuri they do not have to know . we will tell they we be go for a little " be " and " be " . vitaly why do you need I all of a sudden ? yuri West Africa 's fuck - up. ( off vitaly 's look ) more than usual . I can not trust anybody . I need someone to watch my back . the notion touch vitaly . yuri close the deal . yuri ( cant would ) " Brothers in arm " . vitaly look to he parent . they stare at he until he avert he eye . vitaly can not refuse he brother . ext . highway - sierra leone . day . a fork in the road . two large truck slog through the bush - take the leave fork . Sierra leone - 2000 yuri , vitaly and andre jnr . be in the cab of the truck , beside the driver . Andre be admire he new m60 machine gun with attachable grenade launcher - the gun of rambo . yuri ( concerned by the route ) where be we go ? andre jnr . ruf - " freedom fighter " . yuri stare out of the window . yuri ( v.o. ) every faction in Africa call themselves by this noble name - " liberation - this " , " patriotic - that " , " democratic - republic - of - something or other " . I guess they can not own up to what they usually be - " federation - of - worse-oppressors - than - the last - bunch - of - oppressor " . often the most barbaric atrocity occur when both combatant proclaim themselves " freedom fighter " . the truck pass a checkpoint mark by two skull . ext . refugee camp - sierra leone . day . a tent city . a Jeep pack with young , machete - wield freedom fighter circle the refugee camp , taunting and terrorize the inhabitant . the mostly women and child be trap by the circle Jeep . whenever a refugee attempt to escape , they be drive back by the increasingly manic , shriek rebel . yuri 's two truck be park on the roadway above the camp where the rest of the rebel be mass - a rag-tag mob wear over - size sneaker , carry machete and the occasional AK - 47 . at a small fold table a rebel leader negotiate with yuri and andre jnr . the leader place a pile of uncut diamond on the table . vitaly be more interested in the camp - observe the circle Jeep full of rebel and they smirk comrade on the highway . from a distance , he spy a woman and young son make a desperate bid for escape from the camp . two rebel , on foot , give chase . the woman appear to be pregnant . vitaly watch in horror . the woman be quickly overtaken and hack to death . then the Boy . vitaly can not look , turn away . vitaly Jesus . vitaly come to a horrific realization . he hurry to yuri , still negotiate with the rebel leader . vitaly yuri , I need to talk to you . yuri not now . vitaly ( insistent ) now . yuri ( to the rebel leader ) Excuse I . vitaly draw yuri out of earshot . yuri ( irritate by the interruption ) what ? vitaly ( anxious whisper ) we can not do this deal . yuri ( incredulous ) the fuck we can not . vitaly ( refer to the camp ) look over there . as soon as we leave , they be go to die . yuri ( averting he eye from the camp ) it 's not we business . vitaly ( protest ) they kill a boy just now - as young as Nicki . yuri flinch . the suspicious rebel leader and Andre jnr. approach the two brother . rebel leader what 's the hold up ? yuri ( try to keep he poise ) there be no hold up . I will be right there . yuri draw vitaly further away . yuri ( cont would ) vitaly , it 's what we always know - we can not control what they do . vitaly today we can . they be right there - close enough to touch . yuri ( angry , impatient ) what do you think they will do if we back out - they will kill we . vitaly and if we go ahead - they will kill they . the rebel leader approach again - this time he 's not leave . rebel leader what be he say ? yuri nothing . vitaly realize the futility of the discussion , back down . vitaly ( resign ) nothing . you be right , yuri . you be right . ( get he head back in the game ) do I hear you say 300 ipg 's , 500 assault rifle and 800 grenade ? I think it be 1,200 grenade . I would better check . yuri pat he brother on the back , return to the negotiate table . vitaly head for the truck . for once we follow vitaly . Andre jnr. regards vitaly warily . int . truck . day . the prong of a hammer on a box of grenade . vitaly be pry open the lid . Andre jnr. appear behind he - m60 poise ominously on he hip . andre jnr . what be you do ? vitaly something for yuri . andre jnr . step away - slowly . vitaly close the lid - a ruse . he pick up the hammer and in one sudden , violent motion swing it across Andre 's face , smash he jaw , tooth fly , Andre 's body flopping like a rag doll . vitaly grab two grenade from the box , pull the pin from one and bowl it into the truck . he run . the truck explode in a fireball - instantly incinerate Andre jnr . yuri 's head whip around . the rebel leader 's head whip around . yuri vit !! vitaly dash for the second truck . the rebel leader open fire , rake vitaly with machine - gun fire - still try to run with leg tear to shred . yuri ( cont would ) no !! a second hail of gunfire - all rebel fire . vitaly 's leg betray he . he collapse to the ground in a pile of blood and dust . we focus on vitaly 's still face - he have take enough bullet to kill he three time over . but he be not quite dead . agonizingly slow , he raise the grenade hand to he mouth - pull the pin with he tooth . close on vitaly 's hand , try to summon the strength to throw the grenade . a hand appear , grasp vitaly 's hand - gently but firmly remove the grenade . yuri . the rebel keep they gun train on yuri , unsure where he loyalty lie . yuri hold the fate of the camp in he hand - he could still toss the grenade , destroy the second truck , sacrifice he life . yuri stare to he brother and then to the grenade in he hand . he reach down and delicately take the pin from between vitaly 's lip . the eye of the brother meet for the last time . yuri insert the pin into the grenade , disarming it - the life go from vitaly 's eye forever . yuri remove any last doubt by toss the disarm grenade to the rebel leader . yuri walk away from vitaly 's dead body and return to the negotiate table - yuri now the live dead . the rebel leader look to the two truck - one burn , one not . he remove half of the diamond from the table . ext . truck . day . yuri sit in the cab , stare out of the window as the truck drive away . yuri ( v.o. ) vitaly break the cardinal rule of gunrun . never pick up a gun and join the customer . the truck turn the bend . in the background , true to vitaly 's prediction , the rebel descend on the tent village , fire indiscriminately with they new weapon . yuri hear the sound - we detect a barely perceptible flinch . int . rear of truck . day . a lone gun crate , emptied of its content have be put to use as vitaly 's makeshift coffin . yuri ( v.o. ) coffins be hard to come by in Sierra leone . demand be so high . fortunately , we have a lot of box just the right size . ext . sierra leone market . day . " America 's funniest Home video " play on a tv set . the can laughter appear to be almost direct at yuri who be make a long - distance call on a geriatric telephone . we be not privy to the conversation . yuri ( v.o. ) I do not know which be worse , jewish guilt or Catholic guilt . my parent be like God 's tag-team . we pull back to reveal the makeshift coffin sit at yuri 's foot . yuri ( v.o. ) but I could not deny they the chance to say goodbye to they eldest son . int . j.f.k. airport - custom BAY . day . close on the screen of a X -ray machine . innocuous oversize cargo pass in front of the screen - a surfboard , a double bass , then the crate contain vitaly 's body . yuri ( v.o. ) for twenty monrovian dollar a doctor remove the lead from vitaly 's body and write a bogus death certificate . I should have pay more . the operator of the machine , stop the conveyor belt . yuri ( v.o. ) I have smuggle million of round of ammunition and the bullet that land I in jail be find under my dead brother 's rib . in vitaly 's chest , a bullet . int . j.f.k. airport - conveyor belt . day . the other oversize item move down the conveyor belt for collection - yuri wait with two burly porter . no other item be appear - finally the coffin contain vitaly . two atf agent appear behind yuri . agent ( flash some id ) yuri orlov , we be with the Bureau of alcohol , tobacco and firearm . yuri ( resign smile , regard the insignia on they jacket ) believe it or not , I only use the first two . the agent be not amused - handcuff yuri . agent you have the right to remain silent . use it . they march he away . int . new york apartment . day . a phone ring . ava , out in the hallway , surround by suitcase , look to the phone , sense the identity of the caller . she hustle nicolai out of the door , close it behind she . the phone continue to ring . int . manhattan central jail . day . yuri , on a payphone , in the jailhouse corridor , reluctantly hang up . he make another call . int . " the crimean " restaurant - brighton beach . day . anatoly , lighting a candle , pick up the phone . anatoly " crimean Restaurant " . yuri ( o.c. ) papa ? anatoly look at the telephone receiver in he hand - without another word he pass the phone to irina . anatoly walk away . irina ( into phone ) both my son be dead . int . interview room . day . close on a slug in a evidence bag toss onto a table - by valentine . the agent can scarcely contain he excitement . yuri sit at the small table , stare at the slug . valentine one of yours ? yuri do not take the bait . two other agent sit at the back of the room observe the interrogation . valentine ( cont would ) ( refer to a document ) curiously , the death certificate say he die of heart failure . yuri ( shrug ) maybe he do . ( refer to the slug ) if I see one of that come at I , lo' have heart failure . the flippant comment get under Valentine 's skin but he keep he temper in check . valentine we perform the autopsy and release you brother 's body to you family . you try to do something decent , yuri . you go against you nature . and now it 's cost you . ( unable to resist ) you brother 's funeral be look a lot like you funeral . yuri falsify a death certificate ? that 's not go to hold I . valentine you be right , as usual . yuri not so cocky now - wait to see where this be go . valentine ( cont would ) ( put a copy of the New York Times in front of yuri ) have you see today 's paper ? a front photograph of valentine pose beside yuri 's document include he five briefcase . the headline read , " merchant of death in custody " . caption - " catalogue of carnage . " valentine ( cont would ) ( pace , laud it over yuri ) Fake end - user certificate , cut - out company , all meticulously catalogue . there 's hardly a dictator , warlord or despot anywhere in the world you be not on first name term with . ( produce another evidence bag contain ava 's diamond earring and a engagement ring ) you trophy wife give we the prize . she also provide we with this - which we suspect be conflict diamond . yuri take all this in . valentine ( cont would ) she have agree to testify against you . yuri nod - pick up the newspaper . but instead of read about he own front page news , he open the paper , turn to World affair - various item on the warzone at the end of the millennium . yuri read , take he time . Valentine can not believe he audacity . finally yuri react . a broad smile - he killer smile . yuri enjoy it . valentine ( confuse ) what ? yuri this . tell I that I be everything you despise , that I be the personification of evil , that I be responsible for the breakdown of the social fabric of society and world order , that I be a one man genocide . say everything you want to say to I now - because you do not have long . Valentine be infuriate by yuri 's casual demeanor . valentine be you not pay attention or be you delusional ? you have break every arm embargo write . there 's enough in that briefcase to buy you consecutive life sentence . you will spend ten year go from a cell to a courtroom before you even start do you time . yuri be look away , apparently completely unconcern . his attitude further anger Valentine . valentine ( cont would ) you do not seem to fully appreciate the seriousness of you situation ! yuri ( snap back - he emotion finally show ) my family have disown I . my wife and son have leave I . my brother be dead . trust I , I fully appreciate the seriousness of my situation . but I promise you I will not spend a single second in a courtroom . Valentine laugh derisively . valentine you be delusional . yuri be still unfaze . he lean forward to close the deal . yuri I like you , Jack . well , maybe not . but I understand you . you feel you loyalty to you badge have finally be reward . but you have not count on the people who give you that badge . Valentine 's turn to hesitate . yuri ( cont would ) ( meeting Valentine 's gaze ) let I tell you what 's go to happen so you can prepare yourself . yuri nod to the interview room door . yuri ( cont would ) soon there 's go to be a knock on that door and you be go to be call outside . a montage of scene - yuri 's prediction play out accompany by he commentary . int . interview room . day . a knock at the door and a agent nod to valentine . yuri ( o.c . ) in the hall there will be a man who outrank you . int . hallway - jail . day . sure enough , a decorate military officer talk to valentine in the hallway as yuri describe . yuri ( o.c. ) first , he will compliment you on the fine job you have do , how you be make the world a safer place and then he be go to tell you that I be to be release . we observe valentine 's reaction - vigorously argue with he superior . yuri ( o.c . ) you be go to protest , you will probably threaten to resign . the Officer , still turn away from we , try to calm Valentine . int . hallway - jail . day . the door to the interview room open . yuri ( o.c . ) but in the end I will be release . yuri exit the cell to freedom . we return to the present . int . interview room . day . valentine 's eye burn into yuri . yuri ( glance to the open newspaper ) the reason I will be release be the same reason you think I will be convict . I do rub shoulder with the most vile , sadistic man call themselves leader today . ( refer to the newspaper ) but some of that man be the enemy of you enemy . Valentine be start to get a sick feel . yuri ( cont would ) and while the biggest arm dealer in the world be you boss , the President of the United States - who ship more merchandise in a day than I do in a year - sometimes it 's embarrassing to have he fingerprint on the gun . sometimes he need a freelancer like I to supply opposition force he can not be see supplying . you call I evil , but , unfortunately for you , I be a necessary evil . there be a long silence . then , a knock at the door . Valentine and yuri exchange a look . Valentine rise from the desk . valentine I would tell you to go to hell . but I think you be already there . Valentine turn on he heel . he be at the door when yuri finally reply . yuri what if I be not ? what if I sleep fine at night ? what if I sleep better than you ? I think that 's what truly scare you . Valentine do not look back , exit . sure enough , the Officer be in the hall as yuri predict - colonel southern . ext . manhattan jail - rear exit . day . a car trunk close on yuri 's five briefcase and other document . yuri be escort out the rear entrance of the city jail to the nondescript sedan by colonel southern . as he 's ushere into the car , Southern hand yuri yet another briefcase . colonel southern usher yuri into the car , hand he yet another briefcase as the car door close . int . nondescript sedan . day . yuri ride alone with the briefcase on he lap . yuri ( v.o. ) most people be happy just to get out of jail . I expect to be pay to leave . yuri open the case - bale of cash . yuri ( v.o. ) I be not a fool . I know that just because they need I one day do not mean they will not make I a scapegoat the next . but I be back do what I do best . ext . manhattan . day . the nondescript sedan melt into rush-hour traffic . ext . somewhere in the middle east - desert checkpoint . day . a checkpoint in the desert - the fence a literal line in the sand . yuri accompany a convoy of truck . he be joke with a border officer - back to do what he love . the border Officer inspect the crate in a truck , read the manifest mark , " umbrellas - qty : 4,040 unit " . border officer ( skeptical ) umbrellas - to Saudi Arabia ? yuri Sun umbrella . yuri hand the Officer a plain , brown paper bag . the Officer look inside - a wad of cash . border officer have a safe trip . the Officer wave the convoy through . ext . desert - battlefield . day . the desert where we first find yuri , the aftermath of a battle . he speak directly to camera once again . yuri for someone who 's never fire a gun or be in a battle , I have suffer many casualty in my life . I guess that 's how I survive . I never go to war ... his think be interrupt by a burst of gunfire . yuri ( cont would ) ... especially with myself . yuri walk away through the char munition and black smoke . in the distance the sound of sporadic gunfire . fade to black