lost in translation written by sofia coppola shoot draft lose in translation , Inc. September 2 , 2002 fade in : ext . narita airport - night we hear the sound of a plane landing over black . CUT to : int . charlotte's room - night the back of a girl in pink underwear , she lean at a big window , look out over Tokyo . CUT to : melodramatic music swell over the girl 's butt in pink sheer underwear as she lie on the bed . title card over image . lost in translation int . car - night Pov from a car window - the color and light of Tokyo neon at night blur by . CUT to : in the backseat of a presidential limousine , bob ( late - forty ) , tired and depressed , lean against a little doily , stare out the window . p.o.v. from car window - we see building cover in bright sign , a billboard of Brad Pitt sell jeans , another of Bob in black &amp ; white , look distinguished with a bottle of whiskey in a suntory ad ... more sign , a huge tv with perky japanese pop star sing . CUT to : ext . park hyatt - night Bob 's black presidential ( look like a 60' diplomat 's car ) pull up at the entrance of the Park Hyatt , a modern sky rise . the automatic door open on the car , as Bob get out . eager bellhops with white glove approach at the sight of the car , welcoming Bob and help he with he bag . CUT to : int . park hyatt - night Bob stand in the back of a crowded elevator surround by japanese businessman below he shoulder . the elevator stop at the 50th floor and the door open onto the massive , streamline lobby of the Park Hyatt . Bob follow the japanese businessmen out into the marble and glass lobby that frame the view of Tokyo . the concierge and several eager HOTEL manager greet Bob . he just want to sleep , but more staff continue to greet he , ask he about he fright . they lead he to reception . int . HOTEL reception - night at the reception area four japanese businessmen and two women quickly sit up from they seat on sight of Bob , and extend handshake and gift . they bow and introduce themselves from the commercial company , extend name card and welcome he enthusiastically . more staff welcome he and offer they service during he stay . one of they present a fax that have come for he . insert - " to : bob harris from : lydia harris you forget adam' birthday . i'm sure he'll understand . have a good trip , L " he do not know what to do with it , and stuff it in he pocket . the commercial people tell he when they will be pick he up , and ask if he need anything else . some japanese rock star with shag haircut and skinny leather pants pass by . each commercial person have to shake Bob 's hand before leave . CUT to : int . bob be HOTEL room - night Bob sit on the end of the bed in a too small hotel kimono . int . park hyatt bar - night Bob sit at the bar . a few minute pass as he sit in silence look around , drink a scotch . Chet Baker sing " the thrill be go " over the stereo . we see Bob 's Pov of table of people talk . japanese women smoking , american businessmen tie one on , talk about software sale . a waiter carefully set down a coaster , and pour a beer very , very slowly . it 's all very foreign . CUT to : int . bob be HOTEL room - morning the automatic hotel curtain open , pour light into the room . CUT to : int . HOTEL bathroom - day Bob get in the shower overlook the view of Tokyo . the shower head be at he elbow , he raise it as high as it go , and lean down to have a shower . this hotel be not design with he in mind . CUT to : int . studio - day whiskey commercial shoot . the set be full of activity as the japanese crew work . Bob , in a shawl collare tuxedo sit at a european style bar set with a cut crystal glass of whiskey . a japanese girl quickly powder he face as they adjust light and the director and crew speak in hurried japanese . the director ( with blue contact lense ) say a few long sentence in japanese . translator , a middle - age woman in a coordinate outfit , translate but it be only a short sentence now . translator he want you to turn , look in camera and say the line . Bob wonder what she 's leave out , or if that 's the way it work from japanese to English . bob that 's all he say ? translator yes , turn to camera . Bob think let 's just get it over with . bob turn leave or right ? the translator blot she face with a tissue , and ask the director in a japanese sentence 5 time as long . the director answer she in a long excited phrase . translator right side . and with intensity . bob be that everything ? it seem like he be say a lot more . the excited director say more in japanese . translator nod in understanding . Bob do not really know what 's go on . translator like a old friend , and into the camera . director ( to Bob ) ) suntory time ! they get ready , and roll camera : Bob turn and look suavely to the camera : bob for relax time , make it suntory time . the director yell something about ten sentence long . the translator nod . translator could you do it slower , and with more intensity ? bob okay . the translator answer for he in four sentence . on the monitor - we see the next take : the moody lighting shine on Bob , the camera get closer as he stare into camera and give they the line . bob for relax time , make it suntory time . CUT to : ext . tokyo - night shinjuku High rise sparkle . int . park hyatt bar - night tall glass wall show the neon and high -rise of the city . a sad and romantic Bill Evans song play . Bob sit alone with a scotch at the bar . some drunk american businessmen , with they tie throw over they shoulder recognize he . business guy hey - you be Bob Harris - you be awesome , man . another business guy yeah , I love sunset odd ! bob oh , ok , thanks . business guy man , that car chase - Bob nod . int . bob be HOTEL room - night Bob come back to he room . the maid have leave everything perfect , he beige bed be turn down , and the tv have be leave on to a channel play a montage of flower close - up in nature while sad violin music play . it 's suppose to be relax , but it 's just sad . CUT to : Bob lie in bed . he flip through tv channel from the remote control . he pass a japanese game show , to a 80s cannon Ball run- type movie with he in it dub into japanese . he turn it off as he hear a knock at the door . he go to the door , and open it part way . woman ( o.c. ) ( raspy japanese voice ) Mr. Harris ? bob yes ? woman Mr. kazuzo send I . bob oh ? woman can I enter ? he pause , then open the door . a woman in she forty in a short tight leather mini skirt and stocking come in . she be wear ' 60 style make -up . Bob sit on the bed not sure what to do as he watch she . Bob 's Pov - we see she back to we as she put a CD on the stereo - it begin to play : serge gainsberg and brigitte bardot sing " bonnie &amp ; clyde " . the woman turn slyly around and shimmy over to Bob . woman ( as she try to undress he ) Mr. Harris ? bob yes ? woman do you like massage ? bob I do not think so . woman Mr. kazuzo send premium fantasy . she push he back onto the bed . he hesitates , but then go along with it passively . woman my stocking . bob yes ? woman take they . he fumble with she stocking , try to do as she say . woman no - lip they ... do not touch I ! he take he hand back confuse . woman lip my stocking ! he back away , as he try to understand she . woman lip they ! she throw she leg up to he on the bed . bob huh ? she pantomime rip they . he finally understand . bob oh , you want I to rip they ? he pull at she stocking try to rip they , but they just snap . she pretend to struggle . woman please let I go ! he pull he hand away . she grab they and put they back on she , and keep struggle dramatically . they wrestle around awkwardly , she pretend to try to get away , but not let he go . she rip she stocking and fall off the bed in fake - defense . woman let I go ! she pull a confuse Bob down on top of she . he do not know what she want . she rip another stock and pin he on the ground . he try to crawl away , she grab he leg and trip he . he grab a nearby table leg as he fall , the lamp crash to the floor , the room go black . bob I think you should leave . CUT to : int . HOTEL restaurant - day in the harsh sunlight of the big window Bob eat breakfast alone . next to he be a table of texans in cowboy hat . at another table a japanese couple in sunglass chain smoke and drink coffee . CUT to : int . HOTEL elevator - day Bob get into the ded elevator . he be stop momentarily by the concierge who ask he if everything be fine for he stay . in the elevator Bob 's surround by japanese businesspeople and a family dress for a wedding . across , at the other side of the elevator he see charlotte , a pretty ivy-league girl in she mid-twenty , and the only other westerner in the elevator . her honey - color hair stand out in the crowd . she 's look at he like you do when someone new come in the elevator , but the japanese look straight ahead at the elevator door . Charlotte and Bob look at each other across the japanese head . she smile , from one foreigner to another . the door open and she get out with the crowd . Bob watch she leave . miss kawasaki Mr. Harris he be approach by a group of eight excited people from the commercial company there wait to take he . PRESS agent ( as they be on they way ) we just get a request from Tanabe mori-he be the johnny carson of Japan ! it be a big honor to be invite to he show . Bob feign enthusiasm briefly . miss kawasaki can you stay until Friday ? bob I will have to see about that . CUT to : int . photo studio - day Bob 's back be to we as a make - up artist be put some final touch on he . the photographer be give she enthusiastic direction in japanese . Bob talk on he cell phone , not pay attention to the make - up artist . bob can you get I on a flight Thursday night ? elaine ( o.s. ) we be look into it Bob , but they really want you to stay to do that talk show Friday , apparently it 's a really big deal , he 's the johnny carson of Japan . bob yeah , they tell I . elaine ( o.s. ) this people be pay you a lot , do you think you could consider it ? bob just get I out of here as soon as you can . elaine ( o.s. ) ok , you be schedule to leave Saturday , but we will hold a seat Thursday in case , but first class be full , you be waitlist for a upgrade ... there might be a seat on lufthansa ... bob oh , great . I will talk to you later , bye . he hang up . the make - up artist dust he with powder . the commercial people be crowd around . Bob 's chair be swivel around and we see he in he tuxedo , wear too much make - up and some weird look eyeliner . in front of a grey backdrop , moody lighting be be adjust and Bob be hand a bottle of suntory . small documentary crew move in on Bob with a video camera - the camera man be tilting the camera at he face in arty dutch camera move . the agency people crowd around . the photographer be excited and urge Bob to do dumb pose , he will not do . photographer can you put hand close to face . the photographer demonstrate a dramatic pose with he hand at he face . bob urn , I do not think so . how bout I just hold the bottle . the photographer start shoot . Bob obviously hate the whole thing , what you do for money . CUT to : int . park hyatt bar - night Bob , still in he tuxedo and make - up from the shoot , sit alone have a drink . a jazz band from sausalito perform . the singer be a middle - age woman with red wavy hair , dress in red , and take she sing very seriously . she sing a slow version of " parsley , Sage , Rosemary and thyme " . c.u. - a golden beer be pour very slowly . Bob drink he scotch , hope it will all go away . across the bar , Charlotte sit with JOHN , she husband ( he be in he late twenty and sloppy in a fashionable way ) , and some friend - super stylish , weird japanese fashion people ( all smoking ) . one of they , charlie , in a shiny suit , keep take picture , and show they magazine layout . jazz singer thank you . we be glad to be here , we be sausalito . Charlotte laugh and look down , the japanese audience clap very seriously ... she and Bob catch eye - about sausalito and how weird it be there . CUT to : int . elevator - later the mirrore elevator door close and Bob see himself close - up in the elevator 's mirrore wall - notice the heavy makeup and weird eyeliner from the shoot which he have forget about . he look at himself . CUT to : int . charlotte's HOTEL room - night Charlotte lay close to she young husband , John . she look to see if he 's awake , but he 's sleep soundly . she lean she chin on he shoulder . charlotte be you awake ? he do not answer . charlotte John ? he grumble something , open one sleepy eye to look at she , and grab she under the cover . he kiss she . JOHN go to sleep . he hold she close , but she can not sleep . CUT to : Charlotte sit on a ledge look out at the big building . the sun be start to come up . below she watch car go place . CUT to : int . bob be HOTEL room - night Bob lie in bed awake . the clock say 4:20 . the in - room fax machine be make noise as a fax roll in . Bob look at the fax machine but do not get out of bed . the fax curl and fall to the floor . close on fax - " bob - you didn't tell I which shelve you want in you study . please pick one out and let I know . i'm having lot of quality time with the construction crew . hope you 're having fun there . love , L " Three page of shelf diagram follow . CUT to : int . HOTEL gym - night the gym be empty except for a old man vacuume . Bob pass pile of little towel and bottle of water . he take a water for he workout . he approach a exercise machine and put the water in the drink holder of the machine . he look at the light - up instruction panel ' 99 it be all in japanese . he push a button , and the machine start beep , then a soothing woman 's voice recite instruction in japanese . he get on it , and sink . he try to make the arm and foot pedal coordinate . he push a button and it start move too fast . in a upward rotation he try to reach the control panel , but be not fast enough . the soothing woman 's voice continue instruction . ( she occasionally include a English word - gently , gently ... vigorous ) he try to keep up with it , and try again to push the right button to slow it down , but the machine step start go swiftly backwards instead . CUT to : int . park hyatt lobby ( ground floor ) - day the agency group wait for Bob . they stand up as he approach from the elevator , try to mask a slight limp . bob ( everything 's fine ) good morning . miss kawasaki notice he limp with concern as they leave the hotel . CUT to : ext . shibuya station - day Charlotte get out at shibuya station , a crowded neighborhood fill with neon , ad , and people . she look up at the huge intersection as ton of japanese people wait to cross the street , no one step forward until the cross - walk light change , and all of they cross . a tv screen cover a building play commercial . she roam around the narrow street , crowded with stylish japanese kide , tan schoolgirls pass she . CUT to : Charlotte wander down a crowded street , look around . on a small side street she stop at a little park . she watch a japanese man and woman together : charlotte's Pov - c.u . the man reach he hand to the back of the woman 's neck , and lean in close . the woman smile at he , in love . CUT to : int . charlotte's HOTEL room - night John be sound asleep . Charlotte be awake next to he . she look at the clock - it 's three a.m . she slide close to he , kiss he mouth . he grumble something in he deep sleep , and roll over . she go to the couch , step over camera equipment . she look at the fruit basket , decide to try a apple . she have a piece but be not really hungry . she reach over some proof sheet and look at a magazine , but she 's already look at it a few time before . she decide to go downstairs . CUT to : int . park hyatt bar - night Bob sit alone at the bar . Charlotte sit down a seat away from he , lose in he thought , he do not see she until he turn and find she next to he . they look at each other . a young bartender with a sweet face tend to they . bartender what can I get you ? charlotte I be not sure . bob ( line from commercial ) for relax time , make it '' bob &amp ; bartender ' suntory time ' ! Charlotte smile at he sympathetically charlotte what be you do here ? bob my wife need space , I do not know my kid ' birthdays . everyone want Tiger Woods , but they could get I , so I be here do a whiskey commercial . she look at he . charlotte oh . she lift a cigarette , he light it for she . charlotte I will just have a beer . he make small talk about the pickle seaweed breakfast and jet lag , they commiserate about have not sleep in day . bob what about you ? why be you here ? charlotte my husband 's here for work - he 's a photographer - and I just come along ... I be not really do anything right now , and we have some friend who live here . bob how long have you be marry ? charlotte two year . bob try twenty - five . charlotte you be probably just have a mid - life crisis . do you buy a porche ? bob I be think about it . charlotte 25 year ... that 's a long time ... be you still in love with you wife ? bob yes ... I do not know , I do not know she anymore . I do not know if you can be in love with one person the whole time . I be ... actually I be in love with she sister first , when I be twenty - one . and one day she sister say to I she want to move to Paris , so I say okay , and she say no , she want to move to Paris with francois , and she 's still marry to he . and I move in with lydia ... but I always really like lydia . charlotte ( amused with too much info ) oh. bob what do you do ? charlotte I be not sure , yet ... I graduate last spring . bob what do you study ? charlotte philosophy . bob oh , what do you do with that ? charlotte I do not know , but I can think about it , a lot . bob it take a while to figure it out . I be sure you will , though . charlotte thanks . I be sure you mid-life crisis will work out , too . bob thanks . they clink glass . charlotte I wish I could sleep bob I , too . CUT to : int . HOTEL lobby - day the hotel be fill with business people . a dress up family be go to lunch . we follow a jet-lagged Charlotte and John , as they walk down the lobby hall . a energetic blonde actress , kelly , pop up to they . ( she 's carry a copy of memoir of a geisha . ) John , who be hold Charlotte 's hand , drop it . kelly John ! what be you do here ? JOHN I be just here shoot this band , what about you ? kelly promote that action movie I do ... she do a karate chop and laugh . kelly ... do like twenty million interview a day ... it 's soo good to see you . how long be you here for ? JOHN we be here for the week . I be shoot in osaka for a few day . kelly it 's amazing there ! JOHN have you meet Charlotte ? my wife . kelly no ! hi ! so great to meet you ! charlotte hi , nice to meet you . kelly you know , John , you be my favorite photographer , I only want to be shot by you . Charlotte look at John . JOHN uh..thanks . kelly ( as she fan out she top ) sorry if I have the worst b.o. , I have be sweat in this little room with t.v. light for hour ... Kelly , giggle and act all too comfortable with herself , be eat up all the oxygen around they . JOHN oh no ... kelly ( with a big smile ) ... well , I have the worst headache , I have to go find some aspirin . but , call I , let 's have a drink , I be under Evelyn Waugh . Kelly giggle . Charlotte smirk . JOHN ok , see you later . and Kelly and she make - up artist and publicist be off . John and Charlotte continue . charlotte Evelyn Waugh ? JOHN what ? charlotte Evelyn Waugh be a man . John shrug . JOHN oh , c'mon , she 's nice . not everyone go to Yale . Charlotte shoot he a look . JOHN its just a pseudonym , it do not matter . charlotte why do you have to defend she ? JOHN I be not , but do you have to point out how stupid everyone be . charlotte no , I think it be funny . forget it . his producer come up to they . John put he arm around Charlotte , kiss she , everything 's fine . producer ( look at he watch ) we should get go . JOHN ok , I will see you later . he kiss she on the cheek , and be go . CUT to : int . charlotte's HOTEL room - day Charlotte walk into the empty hotel room . c.u. - Charlotte 's foot as she clip she toenail . CUT to : c.u . - Charlotte 's hand by a ashtray , write in a journal . CUT to : Charlotte look in a mirror , try on a unfinish scarf she 's knitting . she check the length on herself . CUT to : Charlotte sit on the big window sill check she message on the phone . charlotte ( o.s. ) ( voice mail recording ) hi , leave a message ... we hear the # key as Charlotte hit it to interrupt the message . voice mail you have eighteen new message . Press - she hit a button . man' voice ( o.s. ) hi Charlotte , I do not know if you be in town ... but I be have a birthday party for my dog , Louise , tomorrow night , at my house around eight ... she push a number to delete the message . mother ( o.s. ) fabulous time in Japan ! how exciting , and hope you and you adorable husband be enjoy it ... I be sit next to cathryn myle last night at this dinner and she be tell I about she daughter who have this awful boyfriend and a messy break - up and how hard it be , and now she 's single and want to start a family , I be so glad that you be settle , and not in that situation . anyway , call I when you have a chance , I be try to put Thanksgiving plan together , whether we want to go ski or . daddy want to stay home and have it here , which might be easier with lauren and the child , but let I know what you feeling be , I do hope you and John can make it . call I , I love you . Charlotte push a button . voice mail ( o.s. ) Charlotte hang up CUT to : Charlotte lie on the bed , in the knit scarf and underwear she 's do a quiz in a magazine : " be you having a mid - twenties crisis ? be you fatigued ? do you have no idea where you career be go ? do you hate most people ? " CUT to : int . HOTEL pool - day a Olympic pool be frame by tall glass wall with the Tokyo view . Bob be hand a swim cap and goggle . Bob watch a japanese businessman swim , he look like a over - grow baby . Bob swim lap in the pristine pool . he continue he lap . under water he see the jump leg of middle - aged women . a disco mix tape start , and above water we see a western instructor in tight short lead a aqua-aerobics class to the group of women , they jump up and down to sister sledge . CUT to : int . HOTEL spa - day Bob walk past the row of locker to the sauna room . he sit in the sauna , two HOTEL guest speak german in the corner . Bob come out from the sauna , red and sweaty . CUT to : Bob submerges in the cold water of a small pool in the sauna room , have a moment of relief . CUT to : int . charlotte's room - day Charlotte lie on the floor with big headphone on , listen to a book on tape . after a corny music intro , a very serious scholar man 's voice speak clearly : dr . kengard ( 0.s. ) do you ever wonder what you purpose in life be ? this book be about find you soul 's purpose or destiny . every soul have its path , but sometimes that path be not clear . the acorn theory be a example of each soul beginning with a imprint .... Charlotte try to get into it , but can not get past feel like a loser listen to a self - help tape . she look at the doctor 's photo on the audio-book box , he 's bald , in a turtleneck and glass . CUT to : int . HOTEL - day Charlotte follow a japanese family in formal dress out of the elevator onto the mezzanine level . she wander down a big hall . she see a open door and step in the crowded room , which be in the midst of a press conference . cameras flash as Kelly , with wide eye , behind a table , answer question enthusiastically . kelly you know , barbecue , and yoga , and I love take my dog , buster and lulu , for walk on the beach ... and it be great learn karate for " Midnight racer " - I do all my own stunt ! the japanese journalist seem excited by she answer . Kelly throw a karate punch for a photographer . sweaty journalist what be it like work with keanu reeves ? kelly it be great . I have know he for a while now - you know we both live in l.a . we both have dog ... Charlotte walk out . int . HOTEL hallway - day Charlotte continue down a hall , she stop at a open door and peek in . a quiet group of japanese women be gather around a table . Charlotte go in , as she get closer she see they be be instruct in ikebana floral design . each woman have a little vase and elegant flower cutting . she watch as they delicately arrange the tiny flower . the instructor hand Charlotte a vase and cutting . alongside the woman , Charlotte try to follow along . int . charlotte's HOTEL - bathroom Charlotte recline low in the bathtub stare off . she can see mount Fuji in the distance . the audio tape play on the stereo . dr . kenegard ( dry &amp ; monotonous ) plato 's text call this image the " paradeigma " . so the lot be the image that be you inheritance , you place on earth , all compact into a pattern that have be select by you soul before you even get here - or better say , that be always and continually be select by you soul , because time do not enter the equation of myth . - CUT to : int . charlotte's HOTEL room - evening with she back to we , Charlotte look out the big window . John come up and kiss she . charlotte how would it go today ? JOHN good ... I be tired . he hug she for a moment , lean on she . JOHN I gotta go meet Kelly for a drink downstairs . she want to talk about some photo thing . charlotte ok . maybe I will walk down with you . JOHN you wanna come ? charlotte sure . JOHN ( do not really want she to ) ok . CUT to : int . park hyatt bar - night at a corner table Charlotte sit with John , Kelly , and dj clean , a skinny kid in a sweatshirt , on tour in Japan . Charlotte be bored while Kelly talk on . sausalito perform in the background . kelly ... my dad be anorexic . charlotte ( she 's never hear of that ) really ? John shoot Charlotte a look . kelly ( very serious ) he be on the american side at the Bay of Pigs , in Cuba , and he be take prisoner , and they torture they about they food the whole time . benzo where ? kelly my dad fight on the american side at the Bay of Pigs . so , when he be a prisoner , they would tell they they have put poison in they food and they would make themselves throw up ... and when he get back , he do better , but he still have food issue . he have to have really clean food . and really simple . he can not just go have , say , chinese food . JOHN ( try ) oh , that 's too bad . Charlotte ash she cigarette in a clean ashtray , and she watch as it be quickly replace with a new one by a waiter . benzo ( nodd at the view ) how crazy be this shit ? charlotte yeah , it be . dj clean start do a human beat box at she . Charlotte look over at Kelly . kelly ... oh my god you have to try it , this power cleanse be amazing - it 's lemon juice and grade B maple syrup and cayenne pepper for seven day . just like a half a teaspoon of cayenne . the first few day you be a little scattered , but by day four - it 's amazing ... my eye be so white ... Charlotte excuse herself . she pass Bob who sit at he usual spot at the bar , as she be leave . charlotte hi again , how 's it go ? bob who do I have to fuck to get off this planet ? Charlotte laugh with sympathy , but do not know what to tell he . CUT to : int . charlotte's HOTEL room - night John sleep soundly ( turn away from she ) , Charlotte can not sleep . she turn on the t.v. to a crazy local t.v. variety show . CUT to : int bob be HOTEL room - night Bob can not sleep , he watch the same show on T , V. he flip the channel - it 's a old black &amp ; white japanese movie of a man commit hari kari . fade in : ext . tokyo - morning Charlotte find she way down a narrow street in a old section of Tokyo . she turn a corner and find a square with what she be look for . CUT to : ext . temple - day the sun shine over a beautiful old temple . bird chirp , Charlotte approach and go inside . CUT to : int . temple - day Charlotte stand in the back and watch a ceremony . a roshi speak in japanese , monk chant . it 's all very foreign . Charlotte try to feel something . CUT to : int . charlotte's HOTEL room - afternoon Charlotte sit on the bed talk to John who 's come out of the bathroom , get ready to go to work . he check himself in the mirror , charlotte be I shallow ? JOHN no , what be you talk about . charlotte I go to a temple today and I do not feel anything . JOHN that 's ok . he look for he mobile phone . charlotte I do not know what to do . JOHN that 's ok , you will figure it out . he come close and kiss she . charlotte you smell weird . JOHN what ? she lean back to look at he . charlotte like popcorn ? JOHN I get some hair stuff . she look at he funny . charlotte Hair stuff ? JOHN I gotta go to work . he grab she , kissing she good - bye , she wrap she he , when he cell phone ring . JOHN I will be right down ... I be just leave ...ok. he kiss she , and leave . JOHN see you later . charlotte bye . CUT to : she make a call . we see she back and hair , as she look out the bright window . charlotte lauren ? lauren ( o.s. ) Charlotte ?! how 's Tokyo ? charlotte it 's cool ... but , I do not know ... I go to a shrine today and all this little monk 's be chant ... and , I do not feel anything ... I even try ikebana , ... and John 's use hair product ... I do not know who i . lauren 's call -wait beep , cut off she sentence . lauren oh , wait , can you hold on one sec ? charlotte sure . Charlotte wait . lauren sorry about that , what be you say ? in the background a baby start cry . charlotte oh , it 's nothing ... I better go , I will talk to you later . lauren ok , have fun there , you be so lucky you do not have any kid yet and you can go off to Japan ... call I when you get back . charlotte ok , bye . she hang up . she sit there for a moment , start to cry , she wipe the tear , try to make they go away . CUT to : int . subway - afternoon Tokyo go by out the window . Charlotte look at the people on the crowded train . a sweaty businessman blot he face with a little handkerchief . another older businessman read a erotic comic book . int . subway station - afternoon Charlotte look up at the many sign , try to figure out which way to go , but they be all in japanese character . confused , she choose the west exit . ext . STREET - afternoon Charlotte walk down a little street in a quiet neighborhood . she stop at a window of a portrait studio and look at all of the wedding portrait . they be very formal and retouch , japanese bride and groom dress in a western old - fashion style . CUT to : ext . arcade - day Charlotte look through the window as a tan japanese boy , try to win a stuff animal for he girlfriend . int . arcade - afternoon in a crowded arcade , Charlotte watch some kid play dance Revolution , a video game where you dance along to cue on the light - up floor . one businessman in a suit be really good and into it . she see a sushi chef game where you have to cut a electronic fish . she look at a firefighter game , and row of plexi box fill with some little character doll you try to win . CUT to : int . gallery bookstore - day Charlotte look at the shelf of book she pass , she flip through some book . she walk over to a small gallery space and go up to the wall to see the small photo . they be of tie - up , partially naked japanese school girl , one girl be spanking another one with a stuff animal . she 's make a face of ecstacy . Charlotte look at it , not get it . CUT to : ext . shibuya - day Charlotte stand alone on a side street , smoking a cigarette and watch the crowd go by . CUT to : ext . shibuya - day Charlotte walk up a little street fill with shop . she stop at a window of cute underwear that she .look at . she go into the shop . CUT to : int . charlotte's HOTEL room - late afternoon 51c.u. Charlotte 's lip . she put watermelon color lipstick on . she look at herself in the mirror in she new underwear . CUT to : we hear the shower run in the bathroom . Charlotte decorate the room , put up some paper cherry blossom decoration . she go over to the bed and stub she toe on it , as she flop down . charlotte ouch . she hold she toe , annoyed with she klutziness . John talk to she from the shower . JOHN ( o.c . ) at the fitting , they have all this rock n roll clothes , the label guy keep say lock n loll , though , but the band do not look tough at all ... they look better just skinny and nerdy , like how when they come in ... they look so uncomfortable in this keith Richards clothes , they should just be like they be , do not you think ? she 's drift off . charlotte yeah . JOHN yeah , I think you be probably right ... because when you try to ... he get out and be rush to get he stuff together to go . Charlotte 's loung on the bed in she new pink underwear . she try she scarf on that she 's be knitting . charlotte do you think it 's do ? JOHN I do not know . he go to get all he stuff together . he pass a ashtray with cigarette butt in it . JOHN will you please stop smoking ? charlotte but I like to ... and I do not smoke that much . JOHN its bad for you . charlotte ok , I will ... later . he pick up a camera from a table in the corner . he look at the self - help audio book box . JOHN a soul 's search : find you true character and call ? be this yours ? charlotte oh ... that 's nothing , someone give it to I . JOHN you do not have to be embarrassed . charlotte I be not . it 's just corny , but I be not into it . JOHN it 's ok if you be . he kiss the side of she face and she shoulder like a cute pet , and then continue get he stuff together . John set two bottle of cristal on the bed next to she , not really see she . JOHN oh , the record company send this ... charlotte mmm , I love cristal , let 's have some . JOHN I gotta go ... and I do not really like champagne . as he unplug he cell phone from the wall . JOHN be you sure you want to stay ? charlotte be you sure you have to go ? he look at she - like do not make it harder . charlotte yeah , I know you have to work the whole time , I will probably have more fun here . I will call Charlie and that guy . JOHN ok , definitely call they , I will be back Friday . I love you . they kiss . charlotte I love you . he tackle she , kiss she , bite she , grab she rib , tickle she in a burst of affection . she laugh , she arm around he neck . charlotte I miss you . JOHN it will just be a few day . he kiss she and be off . Charlotte sit there alone with the unopen bottle of champagne . CUT to : int . park hyatt pool - evening Water splashes as Charlotte dive into the pool ( in a one - piece bathing suit ) as the sun go down . fade out : int . park hyatt hall - evening leave in she robe , Charlotte run into Bob , in he robe , go to the pool . charlotte oh , hi . bob ( awkward , but glad to run into she ) hi. do you have a nice swim ? charlotte yeah . do you get some sleep ? bob no , how about you ? charlotte not really . how long be you here for ? bob I be here for the week . charlotte oh , good . do you want to go to a party tonight with I and some friend who live here ? bob ok . charlotte see you later . he watch she go . CUT to : int . bob be room - evening as Bob open he door to he room , a fedex package fall in he path . he open it - large carpet swatch fall out with a note " bob - which one do you want for you study ? I like the burgundy , but whatever you want . love , L " he look at they for a second , they all look the same , and why be she send this ? he put they down . CUT to : int . charlotte's HOTEL room - night the elaborate chime doorbell ring . Charlotte open the door to see Bob . he 's wear a orange camouflage T-shirt . she look at he shirt , suppress a smile . charlotte you really be have a mid-life crisis . bob ( embarrassed ) I know , it 's stupid . he go into the bathroom to change it . he come out with it on inside out so it 's just a orange T-shirt . he ask she to cut the label out for he . she go to find some scissors . he pick up a soul 's search : find you true Calling audio-book box . bob a soul 's search : find you true Calling - be you read this ? charlotte no . she return with the hotel room sewing kit . bob I read it , too . she smile , bust , but do not say anything as she cut he shirt label with little hotel sewing - kit scissors . she slip on she shoe on to leave . CUT to : int . tokyo bar - night all white nightclub , light with black light so it seem to glow in the dark , with the booming sound of helicopter . japanese gallager brother walk by . Bob watch Charlotte as Charlie , in a crazy outfit , hug she . Charlotte try to talk to Bob over the loud music . charlotte Charlie , this be bob. Bob '' Charlie Brown . bob hi , Charlie . they shake hand . charlotte his real name 's hayashi , but someone start call he Charlie because they think he look like Charlie Brown . they have all get american nickname because its easier for I to remember ... they be just out in L.A. last month do a shoot with John ... that guy 's mr.valentine , he 's the art director of they magazine , I do not even know he real name , or why I call he that . Bob look over at some skinny guy in huge glass smile at they . Charlie hand they some drink . charlie this be bambi . charlotte hi. a young shy guy with a shave head smile at she , and take she picture . a japanese kraftwerk cover -band play tran europa Express . some people at the bar buy drink for Bob and insist on drink with he . Bob and Charlotte look over as Charlie get into some problem with the bartender . the bartender get mad and start shoot a real - look bb gun at he . Orange bullet fly through the air . they all rush out of there . CUT to : ext . bar - night Bob and Charlotte try to get past the crowd at the entrance . a big bouncer stop they and be yell fast japanese at he . the crowd part as the bartender emerge shoot he bb gun , and Bob and Charlotte run for it . bb gun chase - the bartender climb on a car , threaten they from above . Bob cover Charlotte as they duck behind the car . they make a run for it , ducking into a pachinko parlor . int . pachinko parlor - night Bob and Charlotte run past the blink machine , and gambler , to another door to the street . ext . STREET - night Bob spot a cab and they run to it , see Charlie now throw bottle in the direction of the bartender . Bob and Charlotte get in the cab . int . cab - night Charlotte hit she head as they get in . Bob yell to the driver to go , but he do not understand . through the windshield they see the bartender and sidekick come with baseball bat . they hear a bang on the door and Charlie hop in . he make sure she be ok and shout something to the Driver , and they speed away . CUT to : int . karaoke bar - night Charlie , in he flashy outfit , sing " God save the Queen " into the karaoke mic . he roll he r's just like johnny rotten . Charlotte laugh and love watch Charlie . they be other friend wear the different color wig they provide at this place . there be big bottle of beer and sake . they be all pretty formal . bambi try to talk to Charlotte with a big grin , he can barely speak English . bambi how 's california ? charlotte ( smile ) good . bambi good ... I like you swim pool . charlotte thanks , you guy should come back sometime . bambi yes . he try wig on she . he put a light pink wig on she and beam . Bob smoke and watch . bambi kawaii . ( kawaii mean " cute " ) she smile a lovable smile at bambi . CUT to : Charlie and Charlotte sing " brass in pocket " by the pretender ( " you be special , so special ... " ) , everyone be drunk now , as they all sing along at the chorus . women keep refilling the glass . CUT to : Mr. Valentine sing a popular slow heartfelt japanese song that everyone know and sing along to . Charlotte and Bob look at each other , it be very foreign , but Bob like be there with Charlotte and she friend . she flip through a big binder of song . charlotte what do you feel like sing , Bob ? bob no way . CUT to : Bob sing " I fall to piece " to Charlotte . Charlie and everyone cheer for he . beer pitcher be replace . Charlie start sing " angle " . the little room be fxlle with smoke , Charlotte make she way to the door to get some air . CUT to : int . karaoke bar hallway - night take a break from the crowded and hot karaoke room , Charlotte sit for a break alone on a bench in the bright hallway . it be quiet with just the muffle sound of music from the karaoke room . she 's wear a pink geisha wig . Bob sit down next to she . Charlotte light he cigarette with some crazy japanese light - up lighter . she lean she head back - it 's get too heavy . she look at he hand . charlotte you bite you nail ? he nod . charlotte I could cut the one that be leave for you . bob ok . CUT to : int . nobu' compound - night nobu , a cool skinny stoner guy in a Hawaiian shirt , play phsycadellic record in he seventies hippie surfer - pad . his japanese girlfriend , who look like a 60' pin-up , pour cold sake . Bob be hand a ridiculously big bong . Charlie be drunk and take polaroid . nobu , really stone , talk to Bob about surfing . a short guy with thick glass introduce himself to Charlotte , extend he hand . han I be han . charlotte han ? Nice to meet you . CUT to : Charlie take picture of Charlotte and hiromix , a sexy japanese girl , pose on a sheepskin run . they be be hammy for Charlie who love it . Bob walk up and be amused watch she , she see he and get embarrassed . CUT to : decadent tokyo party - night hiromix dance '' Charlotte dance with han - she look sweaty but beautiful ... Bob dance with he eye close , really into it , in the midst of all of they ... the song " I feel too Young " play . CUT to : int . nobu' entry - night Bob and Charlotte be leave nobu 's . she 's wear Bob 's jacket . charlie make sure she get home okay ? bob I will . Bob take Charlotte 's arm carefully just as she bang she head walk into the glass door - it make a loud thud . bob be you ok ? she nod . Bob look back at Charlie who be watch - she 's fine . he lead she into a wait cab . CUT to : ext . tokyo - night Pov from cab - Tokyo neon blur by . it look beautiful . int . cab - night Charlotte look at the neon go by . she look over at Bob , she eyelid be too heavy for she . charlotte I do not want to go home . bob I know . I do not either . CUT to : int . HOTEL hall - night Bob carry a very drunk Charlotte to she room . her purse dangle from he arm . int . charlotte's room - night he put she on she bed . he take she shoe off for she and pull a blanket over she . he look at she lie on the bed . she open she eye to smile at he . he want to kiss she , but he leave . CUT to : int . HOTEL hall - night he walk down the empty hall , not want to leave she . as he go he look at various trays of leftover room service in the hallway . int . bob be room - night Bob come back to he room , trip over the carpet sample . he make a phone call from bed . he 's still a little drunk and think about he night out in Tokyo . bob lydia ? lydia ( o.s. ) hello , darling . bob lydia , I go to this great house tonight , this guy design and build , you would have love it . lydia ( o.s. ) oh , yeah ? I wish I have see it . bob he be this fashion guy , and there be all this japanese fashion people - it 's a whole other world , and I be talk to this japanese surfer ... he be play all this great music - I have to find out what it be ... lydia ( o.s. ) that sound great '' can you hold on ... ( talk to daughter ) what Zoe ? zoe ( o.s. ) I do not want it . lydia ( o.s. ) well , you have to have something for breakfast . do you want cereal ? zoe ( o.s. ) no . lydia ( o.s. ) just try to get she to eat something ... I be glad you be have fun . bob yeah , its really different here . lydia ( o.s. ) well , that 's good , I have to get the kid off for school . can I call you in a little while ? bob it 's four in the morning ... I be go to go to sleep . lydia ( o.s. ) ok , well ... I love you . bob I love you , too , good - night , or good - morning . lydia ( o.s. ) good-night . he hang up . fade out : int . charlotte's room - morning Charlotte can - 't get out of bed . she look at the clock - it 's 10 a.m . she pick up the phone . CUT to : int . bob be room - morning Bob ( still in camouflage T-shirt from last night ) answer the phone by he bed . bob ( grumbly ) hello ? charlotte ( o.s. ) it 's Charlotte . bob Charlotte , who ? charlotte ( o.s. ) thanks for get I back in one piece . CUT to : c.u. Charlotte 's foot on she bed bob ( o.s. ) of course . charlotte do you want to have some breakfast ? c.u. she hand wrap the phone cord around she finger . bob ( o.s. ) yeah , I be go to take a shower and I will meet you downstairs . charlotte ok , see you downstairs . CUT to : int . HOTEL restaurant - day they sit in the bright light . she squint and drink a bloody Mary . Bob be distant . she look across at two middle - age mid - western women talk about plastic surgery , you can not hear they , but can tell as they gesture and one pull she eye lid up . Charlotte look at another table by the elaborate buffet and see the redhead Singer have breakfast with the rest of sausalito . charlotte ( try to make it light ) hey look , it 's sausalito . bob I see they every morning . they do not know what to say . somehow it 's too intimate have breakfast . she eat she breakfast aware of she every movement . c.u. - she Pov of soft scramble egg . CUT to : ext . golf course - day in the distance , Bob swing on a perfect golf course . fade out : int . charlotte's HOTEL room - night Charlotte lie in bed awake . the clock say its 4 a.m . finally she give up on try to sleep , and turn the light on . in John 's old T-shirt and ugg boot , she go to the couch , look at some strange pastry with a elaborate presentation leave by the hotel . she pick up a magazine , but she 's already look at it a few time before . she hear something and go over to the door . on she way , she pass she red T. Anthony suitcase overflow with stuff that look like a bomb go off in it . a HOTEL message envelope be slip under the door . she open it to see a type note from the operator : " from : Mr. Harris . message : be you awake ? " she smile like she 's get a valentine . CUT to : int . bob be room - night Bob open the door , Charlotte 's stand there try to look casual , she 's happy to see he ( she 's put some pants on and flip flop instead of she dumb look ugg boot ) . she knock into a low table , bump she knee as she come in . Bob pour some cold sake , smoothly . Bob and Charlotte watch La dolce vita with japanese subtitles on the tv . bob han be very attentive to you . charlotte I think he kind of like I ... be that so hard to imagine ? bob no , its easy . charlotte how would a japanese guy get a name like han ? bob I do not know . CUT to : anita ekberg hold the kitten on t.v. CUT to : Charlotte get up to pour more sake . she pick up and look at a prescription bottle on he night stand and read the label : lipitor . charlotte do you remember when we meet at the bar ? ... you be wear a tuxedo . bob but the first time I see you be in the elevator . charlotte really ? bob yeah , you do not remember ? she shrug . charlotte do I scowl at you ? bob no , you smile . charlotte I do not remember . bob I know , I kind of blend in here . CUT to : pan the view of Tokyo at night as we hear they conversation : charlotte ( o.c . ) why do they switch the r's and l's here ? bob ( o.c. ) I do not know . my fax say " have a good fright " . charlotte ( o.c. ) let 's never come here again , because it would never be as much fun . bob ( o.c . ) ok , whatever you want . charlotte ( o.c. ) do you see hiromix last night dance with bambi ? bob ( o.c. ) no , I be look at you . charlotte ( o.c . ) oh. well ... they be dance on the couch with that weird English guy who keep talk about hang out with the sex pistol on king Road ... bob ( o.c. ) I get a fax today from you friend hiromix . charlotte ( o.c . ) oh , for she show ? bob ( o.c . ) no , for a candlelight dinner , yes , for she show . charlotte ( o.c . ) oh. bob ( o.c. ) you be possessive . charlotte ( o.s. ) I know . CUT to : Charlotte and Bob lie a few foot apart on the bed . charlotte ( o.s. ) I be stick . do it get easier . bob no , yes , it do ... charlotte yeah ? but look at you . bob thanks . it do , the more you know who you be ... you do not care about thing the same way ... charlotte I just do not know what I be suppose to be . I think maybe I want to be a writer ... but I hate what I write , and I try take picture , but John 's so good at that , and mine be so mediocre ... and every girl go through a photography phase , like horse , you know dumb picture of you foot ... bob you will figure it out . I be not worried about you . keep write . charlotte but , I be mean . bob that 's ok . charlotte and marriage , do that get easier ? bob it 's hard . we start go to a marriage counselor . charlotte do that help ? do you learn anything ? bob we establish that we have no communication . charlotte oh . bob we use to have fun , she use to like to go to place with I for my movie and we would laugh at all the weirdo , but now she 's tired of it all . she never want to leave the kid , she do not need I , and they do not need I , I feel like I be in the way . it get complicated when you have kid ... that change everything . charlotte that 's too scary . bob when they be bear its like Vietnam . it 's terrifying . charlotte ( get tired ) no one ever tell you that ... bob but , it 's great be with they , after they can talk , and can do thing with you . charlotte that 's nice . my parent be always travel , they be not around so much . bob where would you grow up ? charlotte in D.C. , my dad be the ambassador to France in the eighty , so we go to school in Paris for a few year ... but we mostly live in D.C. , and they be never around ... and then I move to Los Angeles when John and I get marry ... it 's so different there . they be start to get tired . bob I know . charlotte John think I be so snotty . bob you be . charlotte I know , but that 's what you like about I . she look over at he . he do like she . charlotte why do you have to be with you opposite , why cant similar people be together ? bob because that would be too easy . they fall asleep dress , on top of the sheet , on opposite side of the bed . fade out : ext . STREET basketball court - day full of life , Bob play basketball with some local guy . all over the court , and tower over the other player , Bob dominate the game . CUT to : int . bob be HOTEL room - day Bob look at himself in the bathroom mirror , he feel he stubble and see that it 's turn grey . he open the hotel shave kit . he squirt shave cream from the child - size can . even the razor be small . he cover he face with shave cream when the phone ring . bob hello ? reception Mr. Harris , we have fax for you ! bob ok . reception do you want I send it to you room ? bob ( sarcastic ) great . reception thank you , Mr. Harris . he hang up and shave . CUT to : int . HOTEL ground floor lobby - day Bob get out of the elevator - the suntory group be wait for he . he duck behind a wall and sneak out a side entrance of the hotel . ext . park hyatt - day Bob come out of the hotel into the sunlight . the street be crowded with motorcycle gang go by , one wave a big flag . Bob watch the strange scene in the street for a moment , and then make he way past . CUT to : ext . dakinyama - day he walk down a little street in a more old - fashioned neighborhood . he 's wear new techno sneaker . he make a call on he cell phone . bob miss kawasaki ? it 's Bob Harris ... I be not go to be able to do that interview today .. , yeah ... ok .... yes , I would love to stay to be on he talk show ... sure .. ok ... bye . a light rain start as he look at a fax from Charlotte with a map she 's draw and try to figure out where he be - there be no street sign . ext / int . ichican sushi - day Bob finally find the small restaurant . the automatic door open for he , and Charlotte , at the bar with the cute chubby sushi chef , turn to Bob happy to see he . he be dishevel from the rain and adorable . he sit down next to Charlotte , she pour he a beer and order for he . charlotte you make it . bob they really have to work on that street name thing . a perky recording voice say " kornichiwa ! " from he pocket . charlotte what 's that ? he pull a pink hello Kitty watch from he pocket . bob it 's for my daughter . charlotte how old be she ? bob four . charlotte oh , she will love it . the Sushi chef give he perfect little piece of sushi on a banana leaf . Charlotte take a bite of a piece - but it will not break , so she have to stuff the whole thing in she mouth , embarrassed . Bob make fun of she gracelessness . bob Nice one . charlotte ( mouth full ) fuck off . they have lunch , he make she laugh . he look down at she foot in flip flop , she toe be purple . bob what happen to you toe ? charlotte I do not know , I think maybe I break it ? I knock into something the other day ... she slip she shoe off and show it to he - she middle toe be black and blue . bob that do not look good . she enjoy the sympathy . charlotte it 's bad be not it ? bob we should get you to the doctor . charlotte you think so ? bob yeah , look at that thing . she smile at he . CUT to : ext . daikanyama STREET - day Bob try to get a taxi , finally one stop and they get in . he try to explain " hospital " , he do pantomime , draw a first aid cross , but the driver do not understand . Charlotte be enjoy Bob 's effort . finally he find a Park Hyatt matchbook and call the hotel number . bob how do you say " hospital " in japanese ? reception ( o.s. ) Excuse I ? bob Hospital ? reception ( o.s. ) one moment , please . she transfer call , it ring . concierge ( o.s. ) concierge desk , may I help you ? bob yes , can you tell I how to say " hospital " in japanese ? concierge " Hospital " in japanese ? hosupitari . bob hosupitari ? he tell the Driver who look at he funny . Bob say it again - faster , with a japanese accent . the driver nod excitedly and drive off . CUT to : int . hospital lobby - day Bob and Charlotte walk in , look around at where to go . Bob talk to a woman at the desk to explain what they need . CUT to : int . hospital 2 nd floor - day Bob take a seat in wait area as Charlotte go into a little room with a number on it . Bob wait next to a 100 year old lady . CUT to : int . hospital - day Charlotte stand alone barefoot on a little box , wear a lead apron , as a man and assistant X - ray different angle of she foot . CUT to : int . hospital gift shop - day Bob look around at all the japanese gift stuff , and busy a little stuff bunny . his phone ring as he 's pay for it . bob hello ? elaine ( o.s. ) Bob , it 's I . bob oh , hi , Elaine . elaine ( o.s. ) so , we get you on a earlier flight , but I really think you should think about stay for that talk show . bob ok . elaine ( o.s. ) you will do it ? bob yeah , I will stay . CUT to : int . hospital room - day Charlotte 's foot x-ray be display on a big light box . a older doctor talk about they in japanese to he young assistant as he wrap Charlotte 's toe together . she do not know what they be talk about . int . hospital waiting room - day Charlotte come out where Bob wait with the little stuff bunny . charlotte be that for I ? CUT to : ext . park hyatt - late afternoon Bob and Charlotte arrive back at the massive hotel , they stroll in casually , she be carry the stuff rabbit in she arm . CUT to : int . HOTEL spa bath - evening Bob recline in the big japanese wooden tub , steam rise as he be turn red . his phone ring . he dry he hand quickly to reach it before it stop ringing . bob hello ? lydia ( o.s. ) Bob ? bob hi , lydia . lydia ( o.s. ) be this a bad time ? bob uh , no . lydia ( o.s. ) ( o.s. ) it 's really hard to reach you ... do you get the carpet sample ? I like the burgundy . bob ok , whatever you think ... I be lose . lydia ( o.s. ) it 's just carpet . bob that 's not what I be talk about . lydia ( o.s. ) what be you talk about ? bob I do not know . lydia ( o.s. ) be there anything I can do ? bob I do not know ... I want to be more healthy . I want to eat better . lydia ( o.s. ) what ? bob you know , eat healthier . lydia ( o.s. ) alright ? bob not all that pasta . lydia ( o.s. ) Fine . bob like japanese food . lydia ( o.s. ) ( sarcastic ) why do not you just stay there , and you can have it everyday . bob oh , come on . lydia ( o.s. ) I have to go , Adam 's torment Zoe , I will talk to you later . be you go to be ok ? bob yeah , I will be fine . bye . CUT to : int . car - night Bob ride in the back of a cab . charlotte ( v.o. ) ( voice - mail message ) hi Bob , it 's Charlotte ... how be you do today ?... I be go to meet Charlie and that guy at this place call Orange around ten ... come meet we if you get this ... CUT to : ext . office build - night Bob 's cab pull up at a empty office building . int . office build - night Bob look at a fax from Charlotte with a map , wonder if he 's in the right place . it 's quiet and look like a generic office building . he go in the little metal elevator , and the door open on the 8th floor onto a little nightclub you would have never think be there . CUT to : int . orange nightclub - night light strobe and peaches ' seedy " fuck the pain away " boom through the speaker . Tan japanese stripper with platinum hair dance and hang from a pole on a little platform . Bob sit alone on a brown ultra suede couch feel out of place and empty . he look over at a table of young american investment broker . he wish he be not there , but try to seem comfortable . Charlotte show up with Charlie and the other guy . she sit down next to he , and give he a 'are you go to kill I ? ' look . charlotte how long have you be here ? he look at she like it 's be forever . she smile for forgiveness . they look over and see a weird guy in the corner get a lap dance , they look at each other , share the joke of the place , but both uncomfortable about the sexuality of it . through a bead curtain , Charlie and bambi get lap dance in a dark corner of pillow . Charlotte look at bob. charlotte c'mon , let 's go . CUT to : ext . tokyo street - night Bob and Charlotte go up to a cab , but the driver refuse they . they do not know why , but just make they way down a empty side street . Little plastic cherry blossom decoration hang above they . bob where 's you husband ? charlotte ( like she 's say it a million time ) work . bob do you ever see he ? charlotte ( sorta ) yeah . bob do you know where we be ? charlotte no . she put a coin in a vend machine and take a cold sake " one - cup " . a tiny brad Pitt head smile at she next to a iced coffee . charlotte be not it weird there be no street name in Tokyo ... you would think a city like this would have street name ... you need a map to get anywhere ... look , there be no sign ... they keep walk , small figure on a little empty street . fade out : int . park hyatt lobby - night as they make they way back , they pass a lounge off the lobby . it 's late , it 's pretty empty , a housekeeper vacuum and just a sleeping man sit in the back of the lounge , and a snuggle up romantic japanese couple sit close to : Kelly , the blonde actress , sing to they . she stand face they with a karaoke mic sing " nobody do it better " with all she heart . Bob and Charlotte look at each other and keep walk ( try to be invisible ) . fade in : int . charlotte's HOTEL room - morning Charlotte lie in bed . she pick up a photo next to the bed as she dial the phone . - the picture be of she and John on they honeymoon . the phone answer - it 's a weird japanese recording . charlotte um .. hi , John , if this be you phone ? I be not sure ... I be go to go to Kyoto for the day ... i' 11 try you when I get back . hope it 's go good ... I love you , bye . int . train - day Charlotte watch the japanese countryside go by out she window . ext . kyoto - day Charlotte walk through a beautiful garden . she 's a small figure in the landscape . she approach a temple where she stop to watch a wedding procession . a young bride and groom in traditional kimono walk under a parasol with they family . Charlotte look as - the nervous , young bride clutches she mother 's hand . the young groom walk along with they . Charlotte be move by the whole scene , the beauty of the temple and the wedding party . her eye well up . CUT to : she walk up a narrow path , surround by red maple leave . at the top of a little hill , she come up to a shrine . at its entrance she see a tree cover in little white piece of paper tie to its branch . she see japanese people write on the paper and tie they to the tree . Charlotte write she wish on a paper and tie it to a branch . CUT to : int . t.v. studio - day excite music play as the talk / game show start . Bob , in a elegant suit , go out to meet the host . tv host ( in japanese ) we hear you be quite a golfer . a translator translate . bob ( nodd ) I enjoy the sport . the translator translate - four sentence longer and with add enthusiasm . after a few question the host excitedly announce something to the audience in japanese . they scream , the light flash , Bob have no idea what 's go on . a cloud of smoke reveal the iron chef , with feathered hair , wear a 18th century waistcoat . a large red chef hat be place on Bob 's head . translator they now have the competition for you with the Iron chef . Bob look around as a counter be pull up to he and now Bob and the Iron chef be at dueling counter . the host bark instruction in japanese , a apron with a stuff animal lobster on it be tie around Bob , the crowd cheer - there 's no way out . CUT to : int . car - night Bob ride in the back of the presidential , look out the window at the city . he pull a polaroid out of he pocket and look at it . it 's Charlotte , peer over she shoulder with a little smile , from they sake - drench night at nobu 's compound . int . park hyatt bar - night melodramatic ' 70 japanese music play . Bob sit alone , hat himself , at the bar . the redhead Jazz Singer take a break , and a seat next to he . CUT to : int . bob be room - morning in the harsh - morning light , Bob wake up in he bed . he hear the Jazz Singer sing in the shower " Midnight at the Oasis " . her red mane of hair pass frame as she usher in room service . she seem to have take over the whole room . he want it all to go away . she walk off to the bathroom and there 's a knock at the door . Bob rush to get it before she can . he open the door a crack , Charlotte look sweet , be stand there . her hair be back in a pony -tail . Bob 's just wear a towel around he waist , and he hair be stick up . charlotte Rough night ? he 's not in the mood , he look at she like he already hate himself , do not need more help . charlotte I be go to daikanyama , do you want to come walk around ? bob yes , but no , I can not right now . the singer start sing again in the background . Charlotte give Bob a look . charlotte oh , I guess you be busy , huh . bob I do not want to be . he watch Charlotte walk away down the beige hall . CUT to : ext . tokyo street - day Bob be walk down the crowded street look for Charlotte , when he cell phone ring . bob hello ? lydia ( o.s. ) hello , Bob , it 's I . bob ( can not hear ) hello ? lydia ( o.s. ) it 's lydia , you wife . bob I could not hear you . how be you ? lydia ( sigh ) Fine . be it go ok ? bob it 's ok . lydia ( o.s. ) do you want to - ( garble ) bob what ? lydia ( o.s. ) do you want to talk to Zoe ? bob yeah . lydia ( o.s. ) ( call in background ) Zoe , come say hello to you father ... a little girl 's voice shout " no ! " in the background . lydia ( o.s. ) I guess she 's busy . bob that 's ok . lydia ( o.s. ) when be you come home ? bob tomorrow . lydia ( o.s. ) her ballet recital be Saturday , do not forget . bob ok . in the background the daughter call for she mommy over and over and a dog start bark . lydia ( o.s. ) ok , well , travel safely . see you soon . bob bye . CUT to : ext . ichican sushi restaurant - day Charlotte , with sunglass on , lean against the wall as Bob approach . charlotte you can not get sushi anywhere in Japan after 2 o'clock . do you know that ? bob no , we will find something around here . she go with he . CUT to : int . shabu shabu restaurant - day Bob and Charlotte be seat at a big booth in a corny shabu shabu restaurant . charlotte the Jazz singer ? the red-head ? Bob look at she like - do not make it worse . charlotte well , I guess she 's more around you age ... you guy could talk about thing in common , like grow up in the fifty . bob you be a brat , be not there anyone else around to lavish you with attention ? she scowl at he . the waitress bring they drink - she pour beer slowly , and turn on a pot on the table to cook they food . Charlotte look at the menu - it be fill with photo of different trays of meat . the waitress do not speak English . charlotte I can not tell the difference ? they have trouble order , but point to a picture on the menu . bob we will have two of this . he make some small talk , she be bugge . bob what do you want to drink ? charlotte a coke . he order the drink . bob so , where would you go today . charlotte around . " this be the end " by the Doors start play on the stereo . the waitress bring two huge trays of slice raw beef . steam rise from the pot on the table . the song end , and another Doors song come on . charlotte they be not go to play the whole album , be they ? they look across the table , over the steam and meat , at each other - the whole thing be awful . fade out : int . charlotte's HOTEL room - night in the darkness , under cover , Charlotte be wake up by a loud fire alarm . CUT to : ext . park hyatt - night the fire alarm boom as the hotel guest and staff hurry out of the hotel . amidst the crowd of Hotel guest in they pajamas , Charlotte find Bob - he 's wear a kimono and slipper . she 's in boxer short and a undershirt and slipper . bob I be sorry . charlotte that lunch be the worst , huh . he laugh . she look down at he foot stuff into the little hotel slipper . charlotte when be you leave ? bob tomorrow . charlotte ( friendly ) I be go to miss you . bob that 's what you say the other night . charlotte well , I mean it more now . CUT to : int . park hyatt bar - night and Charlotte , still in they pajamas , sit at they usual spot at the bar , with the bartender , drink cold sake . she light two cigarettes and pass one to he . a new jazz band be now play . the singer be full of enthusiasm as they start they stint at the Park Hyatt . new singer good even . I be Carl West , and we be thrilled to be join you this week , here at the NY bar in shinjuku . he sing " where or when " with all he heart . now , old - timer there , Bob and Charlotte look at each other and chuckle . singer jt seem we stand and talk like this before , we look at each other in the same way thenr but I cant remember where or when ... Bob and Charlotte sit there together . bob I do not want to go back tomorrow . charlotte I know . but , it do not last , you have to go back sometime . bob why can not it last ? charlotte I do not know , it just do not , reality change thing .... we can not stay here forever , unless maybe we start a Jazz band . ( alt Charlotte dialog : I do not know it just do not , reality change thing ... and we can not stay here forever ) he look over at she . the singer continue where or when , as they sit there together , the view sparkling . singer ( o.c. ) something that happen for the first time , seem to be happen again and so it seem we have meet before , and laugh before , and love before , but who know where or when ... CUT to : int . elevator - night Bob and Charlotte , drunk in the elevator . charlotte 54 ? he nod , she push 54 for he and 56 for herself . they look at each other across the empty elevator , both lean against the wall . the elevator stop at 54 , he lean in to kiss she good -night . they kiss like you would on the cheek - but it 's closer to they mouth . the door shut - he miss he floor . the elevator continue up , and stop on she floor . they kiss good - night again and she get out before the door close . he watch the door close on she as she make she way down the long beige hall . fade out : int . charlotte's room - day a fax come through the machine in the empty room . it be a note and cute drawing from JOHN - see you on saturday , I miss you ... " CUT to : int . park hyatt lobby lounge - day a sexy executive woman ask Bob for a light . he look at she great leg as he light she cigarette . he look around , keep a eye out for Charlotte . the group of commercial people arrive to see he off . he excuse himself for a moment and go to a phone on a little table in the corner . Bob pick up the house phone . reception ( o.s. ) hello ? yes ? bob hello , can I have room 5601 . reception one moment . traditional japanese music play on hold . reception I will connect you . Bob get the room voice-mail . bob uh ... hi , Charlotte ... it 's I , Bob ... ok , I guess you be not there ... want to say good - bye ... he hang up , feel lame . CUT to : int . HOTEL reception - day Bob with he bag try to call again . the commercial people and hotel staff crowd around to help he , ask about he stay . bob Charlotte ? charlotte hi , Bob . bob I be just leave .... do you have my jacket ? charlotte uh , yeah ... I will bring it down . bob that would be great . charlott E ok , see you in a second . a member of the hotel staff bring he a envelope on a little silver tray . miss kawasaki give he some gift from they company in traditional japanese wrapping , he do not know what to do with they and have to carry they . the executive woman from the bar walk up to he . he hang up the phone . bob 0hr hi . exec woman you be leave ? she look at he like , we could have have some fun . bob yeah , yeah , I be go . he see Charlotte come out of the elevator . bob I have to go , thanks , bye . he rush over to Charlotte . she look at he bag . charlotte just say good - bye to everyone before you leave ? bob yes , no . she hand he he jacket . bob thanks . she wait for he to say something more . he want to tell she he love she , that she should come with he . charlotte that 's it ? the concierge tell he he car be here . charlotte you be leave right now ? bob yes . charlotte well ... have a good flight . bob thanks . charlotte ( hurt ) ok , bye . she walk away . a hotel manager ask Bob about he luggage , another ask if he have a pleasant stay . Charlotte get in the elevator to go out , the door close on she back . CUT to : ext . park hyatt - day it 's bright outside the main entrance . a presidential pull up and the automatic door open . Bob squint as the bellboy in white glove slowly load he luggage into the trunk . int . car - day in the backseat , Bob lean back on the little doily . the car pull away . around the corner , he look down a crowded alley and see Charlotte 's blonde hair . bob can you pull over a second ? the driver , wear white cloth glove , pull the car over slowly . Bob try to open the door '99 it will not open , he have to wait for the automatic door to open for he ( slowly ) . ext . tokyo street - day Bob get out and rush down the street to where he see Charlotte . the street be crowded with japanese people , and different color umbrella , ( it 's sunny out with a light rain ) . Music blast from speaker on the street , and there be some promo go on with girl hand out little cologne sample . Bob look around for she , but only see dark hair , umbrella , and super tan japanese kide . in the distance a umbrella move to reveal Charlotte . bob charlotte ! but she can not hear he over the loudspeaker . he rush to she . c.u. she turn and we see she be cry . the music swell . he embrace she , hold she close to he in the crowd . bob why be you cry ? charlotte ( sincere ) I will miss you . he kiss she , hug she good - bye . bob I know , I be go to miss you , too . he hold she close . CUT to : Charlotte watch Bob as he reach he car , he turn and look at she . she smile at he , and be lose in the crowd . Bob get into he car . CUT to : Charlotte walk with the crowd as they go on they way . CUT to : int . car - day back in the presidential , alone , Bob lean against the little doily . they drive off . he look out the window , Bob 's happy he 's go home , he 's happy he come to Tokyo . Bob 's p.o.v .- Tokyo go past he window . fade to black : the end