lose highway a 21st century noir horror Film . a graphic investigation into parallel identity crise . a world where time be dangerously out of control . a terrifying ride down the lose highway . David Lynch 21 June 1995 as credit roll ext . two - lane highway - night we see a clean move Pov illuminate by headlight . we be float down a old two - lane highway through a desolate , desert landscape . this glide , eerie Pov continue as credit roll . when the credit end , the headlight seem to dim and soon we be move through blackness . fade out : fade in : int . the madison house - bedroom - day in the blackness , a man , fred , be sit on a bed smoking a cigarette . we see he back , but with each glow of the cigarette ash , we see he face reflect in a mirror on the wall across from he . in the darkness , there start the sound of a motor which draw curtain back across a large picture window just off screen . as the curtain move , hard - edge light begin crawl across the room , and we see everything clearly . Fred be wear a robe and pajamas , it 's early morning . close up on fred be face in the mirror - blank expression - face somewhat obscure or distort by smoke from the cigarette . close up 0n fred' actual face - unshaven , haggard look , eye seem empty , glaze over . Fred be 32 year old , with dark hair . the doorbell ring . Fred look up , startle by the noise . he look at the digital clock : 5:30 a.m. fred stand , go to a intercom on the wall next to the mirror . he push a button . a voice come over the intercom . voice over intercom Dick Laurent be dead . Fred leave the bedroom and go through the house . he be on the upstairs level . he look through a narrow slot window , but can not see the front door below . he go further in the house to a picture window that overlook the street below . there be nobody there . CUT to : ext . the madison house - day we can see Fred stand at the picture window , look out . fade out : fade in : int . the madison house - live room - night Fred be dress to go out : Black sport coat and slack , buttone up white shirt . he pick up a music case . a woman come into the room . this be Fred 's wife , renee , 30 year old , dark hair , dress smartly , a drink in she hand . renee you do not mind that I be not come tonight ? fred what be you go to do ? renee I think I would stay home and read . Fred look she over , she 's sexy without try . fred read ?... read what , Renee ? Renee sit down on a couch and sip she drink . Fred come over to she , kiss she on the neck , which make she laugh . fred it 's nice to know I can still make you laugh . renee I like to laugh , Fred . fred that 's why I marry you . renee wake I up when you get home . Fred brushes she cheek with he finger , allow they to linger for a moment on she face . CUT to : ext . CITY STREET - night a blue neon sign read : luna lounge . CUT to : int . luna lounge - night Fred be on the bandstand . he take a solo on he saxophone . Fred play hot , hard , neo-bop . the band wail madly behind he . the patron explode onto the dance floor , make it a wild scene . Fred be a lion now , roaring away on he tenor , drive everyone nut . CUT to : int . luna lounge - later after the band quit to take a break , female fan come onto Fred , but he move away , refuse they attention . CUT to : int . luna lounge - backstage - later Fred dial a pay phone . CUT to : int . the madison house - night we move through the empty live room - empty bedroom , etc . the ringing telephone go unanswer . CUT to : int . luna lounge - backstage - night lose up 0n fped' face as he listen to the ringing . sweat be still roll off he face . his eye be blank . CUT to : ext . the madison house - night Fred 's car pull up in the driveway in front of he house . Fred get out , and go into the house carry he music case . CUT to : int . the madison house - night Fred put down he music case , go to the bedroom , and see Renee sleep soundly . fade out : fade in : ext . the madison house - doorstep - day Renee in a bathrobe , open the front door to collect the mail . she see a plain , clean , manila envelope lie on the step . she pick it up . close up on the envelope - no stamp , no write , blank . she take the mail from the box , and go back into the house . CUT to : int . the madison house - live room - day Renee open the manila envelope . she 's noticeably nervous when she see a videotape inside . she stare at it . Fred enter , also wear a bathrobe . he see Renee stare at the videotape - before she hear he enter . when she do hear he , she eye jerk away from the tape . fred what 's that ? renee a videotape . fred who 's it from ? renee I do not know ... there 's no return address on the envelope ... in fact , there 's no address on it . fred do it say anything on the tape ? renee ( look it over ) no , nothing . Fred walk over and pick up the tape . fred well , let 's see what 's on it . Fred take the tape to the vcr . he insert it into the machine , and turn it on . Fred go toward the couch . fred ( con 't ) ( to Renee ) come on . they sit on the couch in front of the television . the tv monitor : we begin on the tv , then the videotape fill the entire frame . the videotape show the front of the madison house , the camera pan slowly over it . the picture be accompany by a eerie droning SOUND . after the camera pan back to the front door , the tape image turn to snow . Fred and Renee stare at the snow for a few moment . Renee look relieved . renee it must be from a real estate agent . fred maybe . we see a wide shot encompass Fred , Renee , and the snowy image on the tv . fade out : fade in : int . the madison house - dine room - day Renee be seat at the dining room table - coffee cup and grapefruit in front of she . she be wear glass , read a book . Fred enter , and see Renee , who do not look up or acknowledge he . Fred go into the kitchen , which be just off the dining room . he come back into the dining room with a cup of coffee , and sit down with it opposite Renee . he light up a cigarette , sip he coffee , and look at she . fred good book , huh ? renee ( she look up ) huh ?... oh , yeah , it be . fred same one you be read the other night ? renee what night ? fred when you do not come to the club . renee oh . oh , yeah . no . this be a different one . fred I call , you know . renee call ? when ? fred from the club . you do not answer . renee I must have fall asleep . I be asleep when you get home , be not I ? fred you be asleep when I get home , yes . Renee go back to she book . Fred sip he coffee and smoke . renee ( without look up ) I tell you you could wake I up if you want to . Renee look up at he now , take off she glass , and stare at he . close up of fred' face - a disturb expression . Renee seem about to say something more , but stop , put she glass back on and resume read . fade out : fade in : int . the madison house - bedroom - night Fred be in bed wait for Renee . he hear noise from the bathroom - bottle clinking , drawer open and close . Renee come out wear a robe , which she shed just before get into bed . nake under the cover , she switch out she bedside lamp . the only light in the room come from the outside , through the window . Fred move closer to Renee , put he lip to she cheek , a hand on she breast . she do not respond . Fred pull Renee to he , and kiss she passionately . Renee accede to he demand , but do not participate willingly . he make love to she voraciously , but she lack of passion disturb he . Fred can not stop , however , and when he come she act consolingly , stroking he maternally while he calm down . he climb off of she and retreat to he side of the bed . close up on fred be eye - which express he horror and humiliation . they lie there in the dark silence for a while . Fred turn back toward Renee in the darkness . fred I have a dream about you last night ... renee yeah ? fred you be in the house ... call my name ... but I could not find you . CUT to : int . the madison house - night fred' dream Fred be walk slowly across the live room . Fred 's Pov : move - search . Fred stop and listen . renee ( tentatively - distant and off screen ) Fred ? Fred , where be you ? the camera turn slowly back toward the hallway , and as it drift it rise up follow along the hall and turn slowly into the bedroom . Renee be lie below in the bed . fred v.0 . then there you be ... lie in bed ... but it be not you ... it look like you ... but it be not . the camera suddenly dive violently at Renee - into a tight close up . her face register total fear . CUT to : int . the madison house - bedroom - night Fred be lie in bed with Renee , who be now backlit by she bedside lamp . Fred look at she shadow face , but it 's not Renee 's face . it 's a face Fred have never see before . Fred quickly turn and switch on he bedside lamp , and look quickly back at Renee , whose face be now she own . renee Fred , be you all right ? Fred reach out a hand and tenderly touch she face . Renee cover he hand with she own , and close she eye . fade out : fade in : ext . the madison house - day Renee find another envelope on the doorstep . she open it , pull out a videotape . a large dog be barking incessantly somewhere in the neighborhood . Renee look around to see if she can see the dog . CUT to : int . the madis0n house - live room - day Renee bring the videotape upstairs with the rest of the mail . she be a bit puzzle and unsettle . she put the tape down on a table . she stare at it . Fred come in . fred you be up early . renee that dog wake I . I lay there for a while , then decide to get up . fred who the hell own that dog ? Fred notice the tape and manila envelope on the table . fred what 's that ? another tape ? renee yes , I just find it on the step . Fred pick it up . fred do not you want to watch it ? renee I guess so . Fred go to the vcr and insert the tape . he turn the television on . he be about to start the tape - he look up for Renee . she 's hang back . fred well , do you wanna watch it ? again , Renee seem to be nervous about what could be on the tape , but she hide this from Fred and walk toward the couch . renee yeah . Renee sit on the couch . Fred start the vcr and join she . as before , we first see it on the tv , then the videotape fill the frame . this tape show the front of the house , as before , then show the interior of Fred and Renee 's house - at night . the eerie droning SOUND go throughout . the camera glide at a very high angle near the ceiling look down as it travel along a hallway and turn into they bedroom , where we see Fred and Renee sleep . the tape image then go to snow . Fred and Renee stare at the snowy tv picture . after a few moment of silence , Renee get up and switch off the set . she be visibly shake , tremble . she stare fearfully at Fred who seem less disturb . renee we have get to call the police . fred all right . CUT to : int . the madison house - live room - day Renee be on the telephone . Fred be pace , smoking , behind she . renee ... yes , I have be on hold for ten minute ... I can not ... all right , thanks . Renee look around anxiously . Fred give she he cigarette , which she puff on . he light another and continue pace . renee hello , yes ... good ... my name be Renee madison ... my husband be Fred madison , the jazz musician ... we live at 442 hollis Street ... right ... 442 hollis ... near the observatory ... someone 's be in the house ... at night ... while we be sleep ... I know because they send , drop off a videotape ... two videotape ... to show we ... that 's right ... yes ... it ... the second one ... show we asleep ... someone break in and tape we while we sleep !... be not that enough ?... okay , sure ... we will ... 442 hollis ... yes , we will be here . Renee hang up . fred so ? renee two detective be come out . CUT to : int . the madison house - live room - day two man in suit - the detective , ed and al , be seat on the couch , watch the last part of the second videotape . the screen go to snow and stay that way for several moment , until Fred shut it off . fred that 's it . ed let 's have a look at the hallway outside the bedroom . CUT to : int . the madison house - hallway - day all four of they go to the hallway , where Ed and Al look around , especially up toward the ceiling . al very strange . renee what be ? al the angle . the high angle shot on the tape . ed how would the camera get so high like that ? al and smooth ... almost no movement - back and forth , I mean . ed like you would get if it be hand hold . al right ... this just glide along . CUT to : int . the madison house - bedroom - day the detective enter the bedroom . Fred and Renee follow . ed this be the bedroom . the detective look around without touch anything . al do you always sleep here ?... in this room ?... both of you ? fred this be we bedroom . ed there 's no other bedroom ? fred no ... there be , I mean , I use it as a practice room ... it 's soundproofed . al you be a musician ? fred yes , I think my wife ... ed what 's you axe ? fred tenor ... tenor saxophone . do you ... ed ( shake he head ) tone deaf . al ( to Renee ) do you own a video camera ? renee no. Fred hate they . the detective both look at Fred . fred I like to remember thing my own way . al what do you mean by that ? fred how I remember they . not necessarily the way they happen . ed do you have a alarm system ? renee yes , actually we do ... but we have not be use it . al why not ? fred it keep go off for some reason . false alarm . ed might be a good time to try use it again . al anybody else have a key to the house . renee no . al maid ? relative ? renee no , one of we be always here to let the may in . nobody else have a key . ed ( to Al ) let 's check the door and window ... see if there 's be a break - in . they all leave the bedroom . CUT to : int the madison house front door - day Ed be check the door for mark . CUT to : int . the madison house live room - day Fred 's Pov : he 's watch Ed and Al with Renee who be outside the house , walk around the property , check it out . CUT to : ext . the madison house - driveway - day Ed and Al be stand by a unmark police car with Fred and Renee . the detective be about to depart . al we will keep a watch on the house . ed as best we can . al if anything else happen , you will call we . Al hand Fred a card . Ed hand Renee a card . renee we will . fred thanks , guy . ed it 's what we do . Ed and Al get into the car and drive off . Renee and Fred look at each other , warily , then go back into the house . the camera slowly pan over the front of the house as in the videotape . fade out : CUT to : int . luna lounge - night Fred be on the bandstand , sweat , and honk he saxophone . he handle the horn roughly , bray like a beast as the crowd gather in front of the stage gyrate as one sweep away in the madness of the moment . CUT to : int . luna lounge - same at the back , near the side door , Renee can be see with two men , only one of whose face we see . the trio be go out the side door lead by one of the man ; we see only the back of he head . Renee glance briefly at the bandstand before she exit with the two man . CUT to : int . luna lounge - bandstand - same close up of fred as he play , seemingly oblivious to he surroundings . his eye open and shut as he clamp down on the horn . CUT to : int . luna lounge - same in the back of the club , the side door slowly close . fade out : CUT to : int . the madison house - stairwell / live room - day Fred be stand in the live room look in the direction of the stairwell . we hear someone 's step come up the stair . it 's Renee , who eventually come into view . she be hold another manila envelope . she arrive at the top step . she and Fred lock eye . Fred take the envelope , open it , and pull out a third videotape . without say anything , Fred take the tape to the vcr . he insert it very carefully , slowly . he hit play , turn on the television and he and Renee sit down on the couch together and begin to watch with great apprehension . again we begin with a wide shot and then the tv monitor fill the screen : we see the interior of the house at night . the camera glide look down from a high angle along the hallway and into the bedroom , where Fred and Renee be sleep . again , the droning SOUND play throughout . in the bedroom where Fred and Renee be see sleep , suddenly , Fred , on the tape , slowly awaken as the camera hold on he . he rise and turn unnaturally in the bed , as if draw up by he awareness of some strange presence in the room . he come to a sit position , he head strain upwards , look in the direction of the camera . at this point , the videotape image turn to snow . CUT to : int . the madison house - live room - day Fred and Renee be on the couch . the tv remain on , show snow . Renee be very upset , cry . renee what the hell be go on ?! fred ( equally horrify - frighten ) I wish I know . Fred reach over and tentatively take Renee 's hand in he . she tremble , allow he to touch she , but otherwise do not respond . suddenly , she jump with fright . renee what be that ?!!! fred what ? renee on the tape ! there be something else on the tape . Fred get up and rewind it , pass a image . renee ( con 't ) there ! play it ! Fred run the tape forward . we see snow - then a half - second long medium shot of Fred on he knee near the bedroom wall on Renee 's side of the bed . he be look directly at the camera - he face a ghastly grimace , contort . his eye be wide with horror . Fred run it back again and freeze the tape there on he torment image . this image fill the screen . he and Renee stare at it . dissolve to : int . the madison house - live room - day the detective , with Fred and Renee be seat on chair and the couch . the three videotape in they manila envelope be stack on a coffee table in the center . al you do not remember be awaken ? it look like you be aware of someone . ed or something . fred no , I do not remember anything . it look like I ... but ... I do not remember . renee why would anyone do something like this ? al have anyone make any threat to either of you recently ? ed or not so recently ? fred no , not to I . Al , Ed and Fred all look at Renee . renee I ... no . no. no threat . ed we will take the tape with we , if that 's all right with you ? Ed look at Fred , then Renee , both of whom nod they agreement . al we will see that the patrol of the house be double . renee I do not know if I want to stay here . I do not feel safe . fred where would you feel safe ? renee I do not know . maybe a hotel . Ed and Al be watch this exchange between Fred and Renee with keen interest . there be a strain silence between they . ed do you use the alarm system since we be here last ? fred the first night ... not the last two . al why not ? fred ( shrug ) I forget . anyway , I hate the idea of act paranoid . renee acting paranoid ?!!! someone be in we house while we be sleep , filming we , and you do not want to act paranoid ?!!! I think you set the alarm ! Fred get up , light a cigarette , pace . fred I will make sure the alarm be set from now on . renee but that do not solve the problem . who be do this ? and why ? Ed and Al rise from they chair . Ed pick up the envelope . al we will find out , Mrs. madison . Renee stand with the detective . Fred stand apart - he expression , pain and bewilder . CUT to : int . andy'' house - night a swinging party be in progress at Andy 's house - the man whose face we see at the luna Lounge with Renee . andy , 37 year old , a slick guy , be see move through the crowd , make small talk , kissing and be kiss . the people here be wannabe player , the man mostly shady , gold - chain - wear , slightly unsavory type ; the woman dress provocatively , big hair and skin-tight dress . through slide glass door we see nude and semi-nude people cavort in a swim pool . everyone have a drink in he or she hand . Renee finish she drinkt and hand the empty glass to Fred who walk away with it . Andy grab Renee , and dance with she . they laugh and talk . Renee appear to be a bit intoxicate . Fred , who appear less than thrilled with the carrying on , make he way to the open bar where he order two drink . when the drink arrive he drain one of they completely , then set the empty glass down on the bar . then he swallow the other drink , too , and set down the glass . a mystery man , tall , well - dress and groom , older than Fred , approach he . mystery man we have meet before , have not we ? fred I do not think so . where be it that you think we have meet ? mystery man at you house . do not you remember ? fred ( surprised ) no , no I do not . be you sure ? mystery man of course . in fact , I be there right now . fred ( incredulous ) what do you mean ? you be where right now ? mystery man at you house . fred that 's absurd . the mystery man reach into he coat pocket , take out a cellular phone and hold it out to Fred . mystery man call I . Fred snicker , like this be a bad joke . the mystery man put the phone into Fred 's hand . mystery man ( con - T ) dial you number . Fred hesitates , puzzle . mystery man ( con - T ) go ahead . Fred shrug , laugh , dial he number . we hear a pick up as we stay on fred' face . phone voice of mystery man I tell you I be here . Fred , still hold the phone , stare at the man stand in front of he . fred how do you do that ? the mystery man point to the phone . mystery man ask I . Fred , mirthful at first , as if it be a party trick of some kind , suddenly turn serious - it 's obvious he 's think now of the videotape . he speak into the phone . fred ( angrily ) how do you get into my house ? phone voice of mystery man you invite I . it 's not my habit to go where I be not want . Fred look at the man in front of he , but speak again into the phone . fred who be you ? the man laugh - identical laugh - both over the phone and in person . phone voice of mystery man give I my phone back . the man in front of Fred reach out he hand for the phone . Fred hear the line go dead , and he slowly pass the phone back to the mystery man who take it , fold it , and put it in he pocket . mystery man it 's be a pleasure talk to you . the man walk away from Fred . Renee appear and come up to Fred . renee I think you be get I a drink ? fred just a minute . he take Renee by the arm and go over to the host of the party , Andy . he grab Andy and point across the room toward the mystery man , who be engage in conversation with other guest . fred Andy , who be that guy ? andy ( look at the mystery man ) I do not know he name . he 's a friend of Dick Laurent 's , I think . fred Dick Laurent ? andy yes , I believe so . fred ( remember something ) but Dick Laurent be dead , be not he ? andy he be ? I do not think you know Dick . how do you know he 's dead ? Andy and Renee exchange a worried look , which Fred do not notice . fred I do not . I do not know he . andy ( angrily ) Dick can not be dead . who tell you he be dead ? renee honey , who ?... who 's dead ? Fred take Renee by the arm away from Andy . fred let 's go home . renee but ... fred now ! we be leave now ! I do not want to come here in the first place . Fred drag the reluctant Renee out of Andy 's house . CUT to : int . car - night Fred be drive fast and recklessly . Renee be drunk and be smile at he . fred how would you meet that asshole , Andy , anyway ? Renee stare out the front window - think back . renee it be a long time ago ... I meet he at this place call moke 's ... we ... become friend ... he tell I about a job ... fred what job ? renee I do not remember ... anyway , Andy 's okay ... fred he 's get some fuck up friend . CUT to : ext . the madison house - driveway - night Fred and Renee 's car pull up in front of they house . Fred jump out of the car . fred stay in the car ! Fred enter the house , careful to turn off the alarm first . CUT to : int . the madison house - night there be only a couple of dim light on , the house be mostly dark . Fred move slowly and carefully through he house - search each room for a possible intruder . Fred 's Pov - move creepily room by room through the dark house - past the telephone - down the hall to the bedroom . there be no one there . he go back outside for Renee . CUT to : ext . the madison house - driveway - night Renee be stand next to the car , shiver . fred I tell you to stay in the car ! renee why ? what be it ? why do you make I wait out here ? fred I think there might be somebody inside . renee be there ? fred no ... of course not . they enter the house . CUT to : int . the madison house - night Fred switch on more light . renee it 's so odd ... wait out there , I have the strangest feel ... like this have happen before . I mean , you tell I to stay outside while you go in like that . Fred look at Renee , then continue to look around the house , disturb , seriously disquieted . Renee , still tipsy , follow he , move from room to room . CUT to : int . the madison house - bedroom , etc . - night Fred and Renee be prepare to go to bed . Renee go into the bathroom off the bedroom . Fred take another look out into the hallway . CUT to : int . the madison house - hallway - night Fred walk down the hallway . CUT to : int . the madison house - live room - night Fred look around the dark live room . then absentmindedly , he begin to inspect object . he pick up a ashtray and study it - lose in think . CUT to : int . the madison house - bathroom - night Renee be wash she face , stand at the sink in she slip . CUT to : int . the madison house - live room - night Fred be stare at himself in a mirror . CUT to : int . the madison house - bedroom - night Renee come in . Fred be not there . she go to the door and peek down the hallway . renee ( tentatively ) Fred ? Fred , where be you ? CUT to : int . the madison house - live room - night no one be in the live room now - but a shadow move slowly across a wall . CUT to : int . the madison house - hallway - night Renee 's Pov - down the hallway . there be just darkness at the end of the hall . it be eerie . after a moment , Fred slowly walk out of the darkness toward Renee . he walk out of the shot and the camera remain on the rectangle of darkness at the end of the hall . fade out : fade in : int . the madison house - live room - day footstep can be hear on the stair . Fred 's head appear at the top of the stairway . he come up into the live room carry a manila envelope , like the one previously receive . his expression be strain . he be alone . Fred pull a videotape out of the envelope and insert it in the vcr , turn it on . he sit on the couch and watch . we go from a wide shot to a full frame shot of the video . on the tape be the same nighttime interior of the house , accompany by the droning SOUND . the camera move eerily down the hall toward the bedroom , slide at a high angle . the camera turn slowly into the bedroom - look down . blood be splatter over the floor , bed , wall . the camera drift . the dead body of renee lie on the floor at the foot of the bed . she be badly mutilate . Fred be hover over she on the tape , on he knee , a horrified , unbelieving expression on he face . on the tape , Fred turn away from Renee - he hand raise , drip blood - she blood . his movement be almost mechanical , constrict , as he strain strangely upwards seemingly against he will , as if feel some enormous pressure . he look directly at the camera , he face a ghastly grimace , contort , just before the tape image go to snow . CUT to : int . the madison house - live room - day Fred , sit in front of the tv , shudder as the tape end . he sit tremble , attempt to speak , almost choke , and finally release a torture , warbly cry . fred Renee ! Fred look up as if see something , he start to stand , -stagger , partially paralyze . fred ( con 't ) ( shout ) renee ! CUT to : int . police station - interrogation room - night Fred 's Pov : a big fist slam into Fred 's face , knock he back in a chair . Ed and Al be stand in front of Fred . ed stay put , killer ! the detective ' Pov : Fred 's face be a bloody mask . he be cry , whimper . fred I do not kill she ! tell I I do not kill she ! CUT to : int . jail cell - day Fred , he lip and eye swollen , sit on a cot , dress in jail clothes . he study he hand , which appear crippled . he flexe the finger , slowly , painfully . CUT to : ext . the madison house - day we be in back of the house tracking slowly past the bedroom and live room window . Inside the house , investigator and forensic expert be move around , measure , scraping sample of carpet , search for fingerprint on furniture . CUT to : int . CITY morgue - night Renee 's corpse on a slab be roll into a examine room by a attendant . the entrance of the body be show reflect in a chrome - frame mirror that jut out from a tile wall . the attendant prepare for the impending autopsy , lay out a rack of instrument , positioning the corpse . as he be do this thing , the medical examiner enter , accompany by he girlfriend . the m.e. be dress formally , in a tuxedo . the young woman be wear a slinky dress with a fur wrap , pearl , spike heel . the couple be close ; she have a arm through he , and she laugh , nervously . he be smoking a cigarette . attendant hi , doc . workin ' late tonight , huh ? m.e. Party at the mayor 's house , George . this be he daughter , Joyce . attendant howdy , Joyce . joyce howdy , George . the attendant uncover the body - individual part be wrap like package from a butcher 's shop , and label : L. arm , head , R. brest ( misspel ) . m.e. ( look at the package ) just like Christmas . he begin to unwrap they . joyce I do not know if I can watch this . the m.e. toss he cigarette down on the floor . the camera go down on the smoking cigarette butt on the floor drain ; smolder there among hair and flesh gristle on the drain 's filter screen . m.e. ( Voice -over ) leave any time you want , lover . I will not take it personally . the camera stay on the drain as we hear the m.e. unwrap the package body part . Joyce 's high heel enter the frame around the drain . she be step nervously , like a spook horse . the clatter of she heel be very loud . we hear the m.e. chuckle . m.e. ( Voice -over ) easy , girl , easy . joyce you talk to I or ... she ? m.e. ( laugh ) a corpse can tell you plenty , Joyce . CUT to : int . courtroom - day the camera be behind a female foreman in the jury box . the shot begin on she shoe and travel up she body as she stand . over she leave shoulder we see Fred stand at the defense table . over she right shoulder the judge be seat . judge have you reach a verdict ? foreman yes , we have , you honor . judge please hand it to the bailiff . the bailiff go to the Foreman , take the paper from she , then take it to the judge . the judge open it and read it to himself , then hand it back to the bailiff , who return it to the Foreman . judge and what be you verdict ? the camera move to Fred , register he tension . the camera go to the Foreman 's face . foreman we the jury find the defendant guilty of murder in the first degree . Fred faint . Fe be lift up by he attorney and guard in attendance . Fred revive slightly . judge Fred madison , the jury have find you guilty of murder in the first degree , it be my order that on a date to be determine , you be put to death in the electric chair . we see Fred 's eye roll open as he crane he neck around and upwards , look at the video camera high on the wall of the courtroom , point down on he . CUT to : int . lingerie shop - day marian and raquel , two exquisite young woman , be look over the merchandise . raquel do you see that about the guy who chop up he wife into a million piece ? marian how could I miss it ? the tv will not quit with that stuff . raquel they be gonna cook he . marian Andy 's from Utah . he say there you have a choice ... you can die by hang or by fire squad . raquel which would you choose ? marian hold up a black teddy to she body . marian Andy would go for this , do not you think ?... firing squad , definitely . raquel do they aim for the head or for the heart ? marian the heart , I guess . raquel I would not ... the brain would know what 's go on . you heart would be rip open try to pump blood , blood pour into the chest cavity . Savage pain , marian . raquel take a red teddy and hold it up to she chest . marian oh , that 's hot ... so you would rather be hang , huh ? they both giggle at the obvious joke . raquel absolutely ... soon as you neck snap , you black out . it might take a while for the body to die , but you would not feel it . marian reach for a pair of panty with a hole in the crotch . marian you might be right , raquel . marian stick a finger through the hole in the panty and wiggle it . the girl giggle . raquel see Andy walk into the store . he be sneaking up behind marian , and motion with a finger to he lip to raquel not to say anything . when Andy get directly behind marian , he put he hand over she eye . andy guess who ? CUT to : int . prison - death row - day Fred , in the custody of guard , wear handcuffs and leg iron , be be escort to he cell . he appear zombie-like as the guard open the cell door , unlock and remove he shackle , and lock he in . guard make yourself to home , fella . the guard leave . Fred stand near the cell door , begin to look around at the four wall , the single cot , the wash basin , and the toilet bowl without a seat . he hear the muffle , distorted noise - voice from the surround cell . lose voice - the voice of death row . Fred realize where he be now . he walk over to the cot and slowly sink down and sit on the edge . Fred perch on the cot in he cell resemble a man adrift on a tiny raft in the middle of a ocean . fade out : fade in : int . prison - death row - day a trustee be push a meal cart along the row . at each door , the trustee stop and take a tray off the cart . he shove the meal tray through a slot in the door . we watch he distribute the trays down the long row of cell . dissolve to : int . pris0n - death row hallway - night the hallway be quiet - distant sound reverberate . dissolve to : int . prison - fred' cell - day Fred sit on the edge of he bed , a tray of prison food sit on the floor - uneaten . dissolve to : int . prison - fred' cell night Fred lie awake on he cot he stare at the ceiling . dissolve to : int . prison - death row hallway - night the hallway be quiet - distant sound reverberate . dissolve to : int . prison - exercise yard - day this be a small narrow yard , not the large exercise yard for population . this yard be for use by death row prisoner only , to exercise in one hour each day , by himself . Fred be release into the area , which be more like a dog run . the Guards watch Fred as he walk slowly up and down the exercise yard . CUT to : int . prison - death row - night there be more activity on the row tonight than usual . a couple of men in suit walk through with a air of authority . there be a building murmur among the prisoner . CUT to : int . prison - fred' cell - night Fred sit on the edge of he bed , listen as sound of the prisoner build . he 's shaking . CUT to : int . pris0n - death row - night two guard be stand at the guard station . guard # 1 ( very quietly - solemnly ) here he come . several of the man in suit , along with several guard , and a clergyman , a prisoner in the middle of the group , enter the hallway . they proceed past the guard station down the hall . as the procession file by , death row inmate come to they door and talk to the prisoner . inmate # 1 see you soon , sammy . do not think takin ' a jolt be gonna get you outta payin ' I back the twenty you owe I . inmate # 2 do not take it personal , pal . inmate # 3 un fuerte abrazo , amigo ! as the man march down the hallway , they pass Fred 's cell . his window panel be empty . the camera stop on Fred 's cell door , as we hear other prisoner talk to the inmate on he way to the electric chair . inmate # 4 hang in there , honey . inmate # 5 keep a eye out for I , sammy G. CUT to : int . prison - fred' cell - night Fred sit on he bed , listen fearfully . the camera stay on Fred as we hear : inmate # 6 show them you get big stone , bro . CUT to : int . prison - death chamber - night the prisoner be strapped into the electric chair . behind a glass partition witness be seat . one of the man in suit , the warden , go to a telephone on the wall and stand with he hand on the receiver . he pick it up . warden ( into phone ) line check . ( pause ) okay . the warden hang up the telephone and stay next to it . we see one of the condemn man 's wrist be clamp with a electrical device . the other wrist be clamp . a metal halo be place around the condemn man 's head . a large electrical cable lead off from the halo . electrically conductive ointment be smear around the area where the clamp have be place . the clergyman move close to the condemn man continue to give the man he last rite . when he be finish , he nod to the warden . the warden approach the condemn man . warden any final word , Sam ? the condemn man shake he head " no " . the warden and the other clear the room and the door be lock . the executioner step into place near a huge lever . he look to the warden . the witnesses sit in silent anticipation . the hand of the clock on the wall have move past midnight . the warden take one last look through a window at the condemn man - then nod to the executioner . CUT to : int . prison - fred' cell - night Fred sit freeze at the edge on he bed . a distant but loud electrical hum begin . Fred 's head jerk upward to the light on he ceiling . it have dimme to almost nothing . Fred sit in the hum darkness . slow dissolve to : int . pris0n - exercise yard - day the Guards release Fred into the yard for he exercise . at first the sunlight be blind , and Fred cover he eye . he move along the wall , tentative , he finger feel the way . fnally he slump down on he haunch , back lean against the wall , eye close , let the sun hit he face . very soon , however , the sun pass behind a cloud and Fred be bath in shade . Fred stand up , but be almost immediately hit by a searing pain in he head . Fred hold he head with he hand , sink down to he knee . the Guard , who have be observe Fred from the doorway , come over to he . guard something wrong ? fred my ... my head . guard headache , huh ? too much sun , I guess . you want to come in ? still get forty - five minute outside if you want it . fred no , no . I want to go in . the guard assist Fred back inside the building . CUT to : int . prison - fred' cell - day Fred be on he cot , hold he head . he be obviously in pain . he get up and stagger to the cell door . Fred push a call button next to the door to summon a guard . the guard come and speak to Fred through a double mesh open . guard what 's botber you , madison ? fred the pain be get worse . I need more aspirin . guard I can not give you anymore . I will talk to the doctor . the guard leave . Fred collapse to the floor of the cell , writhe in pain . CUT to : int . prison - infirmary day Fred be bring in wear handcuffs and leg iron , a guard on either arm . he be place on a chair in the middle of the room . the guard stand one on each side of he . a doctor enter . he be in late- middle age , with serious eyebrow . Fred 's head be hang down , chin on chest . the Doctor lift Fred 's head and we see dark circle under Fred 's eye ; he face be pale , tooth clench , eye tear . the Doctor take a light utensil from he pocket , and inspect each of Fred 's eye . he feel Fred 's forehead . after this , he allow Fred 's head to drop down again . the Doctor take Fred 's pulse . he drop Fred 's wrist . he next take Fred 's blood pressure . doctor you sleep okay ? fred ( strain whisper ) I can not sleep . the Doctor go over to a cabinet , unlock a drawer , and remove a large blue pill . he fill a paper cup with water from a dispenser , go back to Fred and place the pill in Fred 's mouth . the Doctor tilt Fred 's head up and pour the water down he throat , some of it dribble down the front of Fred 's shirt . the Doctor look into Fred 's mouth to make sure he swallow the pill . doctor you will sleep now . ( to Guards ) take he back to he cell . the guard lift Fred by he arm , and shuffle march he out of the infirmary . CUT to : int . prison - fred' cell - night Fred awaken on he cot . he turn and sit up in the darkness . a stream of light through the slot window illumine Fred 's head , the forehead of which be swollen and discolor . he stagger up and shuffles over to the call button , which he lean on . a few moment later , a guard appear on the other side of the mesh . guard what be it ? fred aspirin ... fly head . I gotta have more aspirin . guard the doctor say not to give you anything . you can see he in the morning . fred but my head ... the guard look at Fred through the window , and what he see disturb he . the guard make a strange face . CUT to : int . prison - death row hallway - night the guard walk away from Fred 's door to the guard station , where another guard be sit at a table , read a magazine . guard # 1 shit , that wife killer 's lookin ' pretty fuck up . guard # 2 ( not look up from he magazine ) which one ? they both laugh . CUT to : int . pris0n - fred' cell - same - night Fred be on the floor lie on back . the camera come slowly down at he from the ceiling , like a weight press on he head . Fred 's pain be demonstrably overwhelming he now . he moan and roll from side to side in the dimness , make grotesque , otherworldly sound . as the camera move into a close up , the last image of Fred 's head show the discolor swell have increase . Fred look up , sense something . CUT to : ext . the madis0n house - night there be a " for sale " sign post in front . the camera pan slowly as in the videotape across the front of the house . the interior of the house be dark , but fleetingly we be aware of movement , shadow inside . CUT to : int . andy'' house - night marian and raquel be in the live room , attire in the undergarment they purchase at the lingerie store . hot music be blaring from a stereo . marian and raquel be dance , as sexy and wild as it be possible for they to be . Andy be lie on he back on the rug , dress only in undershort and sock , the girl stomping foot step furiously around he head and body . his eye be close at first , but when he open they , he see they foot in a blur . he try to get up , but he be too strung out , and he collapse again . marian and raquel take he by he hand and foot and begin pull he around the room as they dance . Andy be blitze , smile moronically . the girl ' breast tumble out of they teddy . raquel drop she end of Andy , turn up the music even louder , and dance into a frenzy . marian drop to she knee , Andy 's foot on either side of she , shaking she shoulder and whipping she hair around . Andy make another attempt to sit up - he look at marian , reach for she but fall back , dead to the world . raquel and marian do not quit . CUT to : int . prison - fred' cell - night Fred be still curl on the floor , but spasm begin to rock he body . he go into convulsion , blood gush from he nostril . his head be badly swollen . Fred vomit repeatedly , and drag around in he mess . Fred turn , strain upwards as we have see he do before . his face and head be hideously deform . Fred bring he shaking , torture hand to he forehead . he pull he hand down across he face squeezing it as it go . as he hand pass over he face , Fred 's feature be remove leave a blank , white mass with eye socket . we move into the eye socket and beyond . dissolve to : ext . two - lane highway - night we see a clean move Pov illuminate by headlight . we be float down a old two - lane highway through a desolate , desert landscape . this glide , eerie Pov continue until the headlight illuminate a figure stand at the side of the road . this figure be a man , pete dayton . Pete turn , unsettle , as he look directly at we as we move closer to he . the ghost image of a house appear behind Pete . there be a girl , sheila , stand on the lawn in front of the house . she be afraid and be try to communicate with Pete . Pete do not seem to hear she and continue to stare directly at we . now Pete seem to move toward we as we move toward he . his head fill the screen . dissolve to : int . prison - fred' cell - night Fred 's blank face begin to contort and take on the appearance , feature by feature , of Pete dayton . Fred madison be become Pete dayton . fade out : fade in : ext . prison - dawn we watch the sun rise outside the prison , ascend over the strand of barb - wire above the wall . CUT to : int . prison - death row - morning a guard be make he early morning round . he stop at each cell and look in , make a mark with a pencil on a piece of paper on a clipboard . when he come to Fred 's cell , he be about to make a check - mark , but look in again and appear confuse . the man inside be not fred . guard who be you ? what be you do in this cell ? the man in the cell sit still on the cot , stare straight ahead . the man be thin , young than Fred . CUT to : int . prison - death row hallway - morning the guard hurry over to the guard station . he pick up the telephone and dial . he begin to sweat . guard this be johnny mack at station 8 . yeah , look , something ' crazy 's happen . no , I mean , madison be not in he cell . no , there 's somebody in there , but it be not madison ! right , right . okay ... Captain Henderson 's comin ' ' ?... right . johnny mack hang up . he sweat . he walk back down the row and look in again at Fred 's cell . johnny mack f-u-u-u-ck I ! he walk back to the station . a supervisor arrive , captain henderson . captain henderson now , mack , what 's the situation ? johnny mack I be not entirely certain , Captain . you will have to see for yourself . together they walk quickly to Fred 's cell and look in . captain henderson that 's not Fred madison ? johnny mack no , sir , it 's not . captain henderson who be it ? johnny mack I could not say , sir ... Captain Henderson ? captain henderson yeah , mack ? j0hnny mack Captain ... this be some spooky shit we get here . CUT to : int . prison - warden' office - day Captain Henderson be stand in front of a desk , behind which the warden be seat . a nameplate on the desk read : warden marshall R. clement . warden repeat that , Bill . captain henderson warden , it 's not he . it .was not Fred madison in that cell . warden of course , it 's madison !!! who else could it be ? captain henderson I do not know . the guard say they have never see he before . warden where be he now ? captain henderson he 's in the infirmary , be examine . warden do you ask he who he be ? captain henderson he ... he can not talk . it appear as if he can not talk , anyway . warden if he 's not madison , then where 's madison ? captain henderson I have get man search the building and the grounds now . the warden stand up and come around the desk . warden I want to take a look at this man myself . CUT to : int . prison - infirmary - day the man from Fred 's cell be just finish be fingerprinted . the doctor with serious eyebrow - dr . rogoff - be inspect the man 's face . the warden enter with Captain Henderson . guard be stand by the door and at strategic spot in the room . warden what be this , rogoff ? dr . rogoff I do not know yet . Dr. rogoff begin to draw blood from the man 's arm . he take several vial . the man watch the blood come out of he arm , but do not seem to understand where he be or what be happen to he . warden who be this man ? dr . rogoff he 's just be fingerprinted , and I will run this blood test right away . we will find out soon enough . Dr. rogoff open the man 's mouth and peer in with a pencil light . warden he 's not madison ? dr . rogoff ( slowly , deliberately not even close . Dr. rogoff stand up , put the light in he breast pocket . dr . rogoff ( con 't ) I examine madison last night , Marshall . he have a headache . warden a headache ? dr . rogoff I do a routine once -over , and give he a sleep pill . I have never see this man before . neither have the guard . I do not think he 's in the system . the warden move closer to the man - he look closely at he . warden where the hell do you come from , mister ? close up of the man - he 's stare straight up . CUT to : int . prison - warden' office - day present be the warden , Captain Henderson and two other prison official . the warden be look at a computer next to he desk . warden well , gentleman , we know who the stranger be . his name be Peter Raymond dayton . he 's twenty - four year old . his birthday be April 21st . he be bear and raise right here . he life with he parent , William and Claire dayton at 814 garland Avenue . Pete dayton be arrest five ( more ) warden ( cont would ) year ago for auto theft , for which he be put on probation for one year . that be he first and only offense . no record since then . warden clement look up , take a deep breath and stare at the man in front of he . warden ( con - T ) how about madison ? have we have even a hint of he whereabouts ? captain henderson nothing , marsh . vanish . there 's a apb out on he . his photo 's be fax nationwide . prison official # 1 I have a call from the governor 's office about this . warden how the hell do she know ? prison official # 1 there 's press outside right now . warden how the hell ... 7 captain henderson one of the guard must have leak it . warden what 's the word on the street ? prison official # 2 only that madison have apparently escape . nothing about the other guy . warden good , let 's keep it that way . keep a lid on dayton . nothing get out about he . CUT to : int . prison - death row - day johnny mack walk down the row and enter Fred 's cell . CUT to : int . prison - fred' cell - day johnny mack look around , up and down the wall , half peer under the cot , then - check first to see no other guard be watch he - he look inside the toilet bowl , then get down on he knee and really look under the cot . he get up and sit down on the bed . he rub a hand over he face . johnny mack be clearly perplex . CUT to : int . prison - media room - day a press conference be be hold . present be reporter , tv camera , et al . the warden and Captain Henderson represent the prison . warden I have a statement to read ... Fred madison , a inmate be hold on death row have , apparently ... have escape . a all - point bulletin have be issue to authority not only statewide , but nationwide . we be confindent that he will be apprehend very soon . no further detail be available at this time . thank you very much . reporter warden , nobody 's ever escape from death row before . how do he get out ? the warden and Captain Henderson leave the room without answer . CUT to : int . prison - long corridor - day Pete 's parent , bill and claire dayton , escort by a prison guard , be approach the warden 's office . it be a long walk along the corridor and the camera examine they in detail as they get closer and closer to the office . the dayton be a middle - age , San Fernando Valley couple . Bill dayton be wear a sport shirt with the short - sleeve roll up . his skin be leathery , tan and he thinning hair be slicked back in a duck -tail . he 's work - class , ex-biker . Claire dayton be obviously a good look " chick " who 's go to seed from too much sun , cigarettes and booze . she retain the remnant of a good figure , but it 's go fast . Claire be wear sunglass . CUT to : int . prison - warden' office - day the dayton be ushere in by the guard . the warden be stand behind he desk . Dr. rogoff be stand to one side , and next to he be Captain Henderson . the dayton stand just inside the room for a moment before the warden extend he right hand . warden I be warden clement . this be Captain Henderson and Dr. rogoff . please , sit down . Bill and Claire move to the chair in front of the desk and sit down . the warden , Dr. rogoff and Captain Henderson all sit down . warden ( con 't ) Mr. and Mrs. dayton , as you be tell over the phone , you son , Peter , be here . Claire dayton remove she sunglass . she and Bill wait - the warden be search for word . warden ( con 't ) he ... he be discover this morning ... in a cell on death row . Bill and Claire look at each other - bewilder . warden ( con 't ) a cell that be suppose to be occupy by a inmate name Fred madison . bill the wife killer ? warden yes . claire how be this possible , warden ? the warden shake he head . warden ... tell I , what be Peter 's condition the last time you see he ? Bill and Claire look at each other again - briefly . bill his condition ? what do you mean ? warden his physical condition . bill ( hesitates ) same as always . Pete take care of himself . Bill and Claire look at each other once again . claire I see he before he go to the garage day before yesterday . he 's a mechanic . look , be he okay ? can we see he ? the warden look at Dr. rogoff . dr . rogoff he have a hematoma on he forehead and a condition call blepharitis ... that 's redness and swell around the eye . bill be he in a fight ? dr . rogoff this condition do not indicate a fight . claire but what be the cause then ? ... and how do he get in that cell ? dr . rogoff he can not talk . or will not . bill that do not sound like Pete . dr . rogoff you son have experience some sort of trauma , I be afraid . we be hope that the two of you could help explain the cause of the trauma and how he come to be here . captain henderson you do not know Fred madison ? bill no ... only what be in the news . captain henderson do you think Pete know he ? claire I would not know how . warden ( to Claire ) you say you have not see you son since the day before yesterday ? claire when he go to work , right . warden what about yesterday ? claire he do not come home . bill sometimes he stay at a friend 's . captain henderson any particular friend ? bill a girl 's , a buddy 's . I do not know . he 's he own man ; he come and go as he please . claire I want to see he . warden yes , and we need to talk to he ... if we can . ( to Dr. rogoff ) mel , let 's get Peter in here . Dr. rogoff leave the room . while he 's go , nobody talk , increase the tension . Dr. rogoff return with Pete dayton , dress in he own clothes : jeans , boot , sport shirt . Pete 's forehead be lumpy and he eye be red and swollen . he can walk , but unsteadily . Pete look around the room - see he parent . Claire jump up . claire ( tenderly ) Pete ... she and Dr. rogoff help get Pete settle in a chair . Bill be take aback at the sight of he son , but say nothing . warden ( con 't ) Pete , can you tell we now , anything about this ? claire Pete , what happen to you ? Pete have a daze look on he face . he start to speak , then stop . claire ( con 't ) it 's okay . take you time , honey . Pete 's gaze drift from he mother 's face around the room and back to she face . pete ( afraid - quiet ) where ... be I ? the warden and Captain Henderson look to Dr. rogoff . dr . rogoff you be in the state penitentiary . you be find in a cell on death row . pete my head hurt . Pete rub he head like it 's about to explode with pain . warden a man name Fred madison be occupy that cell . he 's miss . we be try to find out how it be you be in there and not he . pete I ... I do not know . captain henderson do you know Fred madison ? pete ( strain ) no . there be a silence in the room , as Pete massage he throbbing temple . claire ( worried ) warden , can we take he home ? the warden look at Dr. rogoff . dr . rogoff ( to warden ) from a medical standpoint , I do not see why not . captain henderson we need to find out what happen here . bill ( stand up ) have you make any charge against he ? warden no . bill then he 's come home with he mother and I . warden all right ... but you see we predicament ... legally we can not hold he , but he may be able to help we ... perhaps later . for now , he 's free to leave . Bill and Claire help Pete up and carefully escort he out of the warden 's office . with a nod from the warden , the guard accompany they out of the room . the warden , Captain Henderson and Dr. rogoff stand but remain in the office . captain henderson ( to warden ) you just gonna let he go ? warden we will get a tail put on he . CUT to : ext . dayton house - san fernando valley - day Bill , Claire and Pete pull into the driveway of a bleach out , 60' ranch - style house on a street line with many more of the same . Bill and Claire get out of the car first , then help Pete out and up into the house . CUT to : int . dayton house - day Bill and Claire take Pete to he room , which have a bed , desk , two chair and a sea of disassembled motorcycle part belong to a classic indian motorbike which Pete be rebuild . each part be shiny and clean . Pete sit down on he bed and look up at he parent - shaking he head with confusion and embarrassment . bill just rest easy , Pete . you be gonna be okay . claire be you hungry , honey ? I will fix you something . pete no ... I do not feel so good . I would like some aspirin . claire come up . dissolve to : int . dayton house - night Pete sleep . in the live room , Bill be drink a beer and watch television . in the kitchen , Claire be finish the dish . she go into the live room and lean down and whisper something in Bill 's ear . Bill nod and Claire walk quietly down the hallway and open Pete 's door . she look in on he sleep . CUT to : ext . dayton house - day a unmark police car pull up across the street from the dayton house . in the front seat be the detective , Ed and Al . Al , who be on the passenger side , be hold two styrofoam cup fill with coffee . Ed remove from he inside jacket pocket a 5 " x 7 " photo of Pete dayton , which he prop up on the dashboard so that it be visible for both himself and Al . Al hand one of the cup to Ed . ed thanks , Al . Al study Pete dayton 's face in the photo . al now we will see what this son of a bitch be up to . ed yeah . Ed and Al sip they coffee and stare at the house . fade out : fade in : ext . dayton house - backyard - day Pete dayton be lie on a chaise lounge . his forehead be still swollen , but he eye be less red . he stare up into the sky - a hot breeze blow over he . CUT to : int . dayton house - day the camera move slowly through the interior of the empty house cast with shadow . the refrigerator run be the only sound . CUT to : ext . dayton house - backyard - day Pete slowly move up to a sit position , then stand . he stretch and walk around the yard feel the dry , unwater lawn on he bare foot . he walk over and lean over the neighbor 's fence . his eye fall on a plastic toy boat float in b child 's plastic swim pool . he watch the boat as the warm breeze blow it lazily in a circle . a small plane drone overhead . in the distance , a woman finish hang out some wash and go in the back door of she house . the slamm of she screen door sound a thousand mile away . Pete continue to observe this seemingly peaceful surroundings - but something do not feel right to he . CUT to : int . dayton house - night Pete be eat a sandwich - he be look much better . Claire open a bag of chip and set they in front of Pete as Bill come in the front door . claire I be in the kitchen . Bill come in and pop a beer - look around . bill where 's Pete ? claire out in back . bill you talk to he ? claire ( urgent ) no ... here he come . they gaze follow a path from the backyard into where Pete have be sit all the time . bill how're you feelin' ? Pete look at he parent - he can not figure out what have just happen . pete ( unsure - brow furrow ) better . bill arnie call this morning while you be sleepin' . they miss you pretty bad down at the garage . I tell ' im you still have a " fever " . pete okay . thanks . bill Nice to know they can not seem to get along without ya . pete yeah . bill you really do not remember the other night , do you ? pete what night be that ? bill the night before you show up in the slammer ... claire do you remember ? pete no ... I do not . why ? Bill and Claire just stare at he . Pete shake he head and take another bite of he sandwich - but inside the worrisome feel return . dissolve to : int . dayton house - pete' bedroom - night Pete be stretch out on he bed watch television . he hear the front door bell ring - footstep , and a moment or two later the door to he bedroom open and three of he friend , carl , lanie and steve ( " V " ) saunter in . " V " where the fuck have you be ? Pete pull himself up to a sit position . pete hey . carl you look like shit . lanie what happen ? pete just have not be feelin ' well . " V " you be not contagious be you ? pete I do not think so . " V " good ... you up for a drive ? pete where to ? hey , lanie , I hear you be out of it for a while , too . lanie they find a cyst on my god damn ovary . have to cut it out . you wanna see the scar ? lanie pull up she shirt and pull down she pants a way revealing a fresh scar about three inch long . carl ( winking ) have not slowed she down none . lanie ( smack he ) shut up , bone-head . then lanie laugh good - naturedly . " V " just goin ' up 'tat " top " ... maybe the " ten pin " . pete Sheila will be at " top " . " V " sure , what 's wrong with that ? pete okay . Pete haul himself up off the bed and throw on a black leather jacket . the four of they go through the live room where Bill and Claire be drink and watch tv . pete ( to Bill and Claire ) goin ' out with this clown for a while . bill do ya good . after Pete leave with he friend , Bill and Claire look at each other . CUT to : int . " v's " car - van nuy boulevard - night " V " drive a black , beat - up ' 66 Grand prix . Carl and lanie be in the back seat , and Pete ride shotgun . the four of they . , be cruise down Van nuy boulevard along with many other muscle car and low-rider fill with kide look for action . " V 's " car be make a hell of a noise . pete I hate ridin ' in this fuckin ' car . carl take it easy , Pete , " V " love this rod . " V " look at that goin ' my way . " V " have see a couple . of girl in short , tight dress walk up the boulevard . " V " ( con 't ) oh my , oh my . lanie keep it in you pants , " V " . some big car nearby rev they engine . " V " gun he car and it lurch roughly forward . the sound of the rough run engine reverberate in Pete 's brain . pete this rod be a fuckin , embarrassment , Carl . whatiya burn in this thing , " V " ? " V " texaco ... what 's wrong with that ? pete listen . " V " you gotta be kiddin ' ... this be the boulevard ... you can not hear yourself think . Pete shake he bead with disgust . " V " pull the car off the boulevard into " top " drive - in . Cars be line up at the " to go " window and all along the side of the building where people be hang out under a long metal awning . music be play loud . " V " pull into a parking spot by the awning . the headlight illuminate a group of hipster - some dance , some just hang out . three or four girl hang out together turn toward " V 's " car . they see Pete in the front seat , and one of the girl , Sheila , smile and walk toward he . sheila hey . where have you be ? Pete talk to she through the open window while " V " , Carl and lanie climb out through " V 's " door . " V " lean back in . " V " ( to Pete ) you want somethin' ? pete no , I be okay . " V " walk off with the other to the " take out " window . Sheila lean in closer to Pete . sheila I miss you . pete yeah ?... sheila yeah . Sheila 's girlfriend saunter over and lean on the car around she - look in at Pete . girl # 1 what happen to you face ? pete nothin ' . sheila what be you guy doin ' ? pete guess we be goin ' over to the " ten pin " . sheila you want some company ? pete sure . " V " , Carl and lanie return with burger and drink . " V 's " get a mouthful of burger . " V " ( muffle ) what 's happenin ' ? pete they be comin ' with we . " V " ( muffle and spitting ) pile in . Sheila and she girlfriend jump in the car with " V " , Carl , lanie and Pete . " V " fire up the rough -run engine and pull out - leave behind a cloud of smoke . CUT to : int . ten pin bowling alley - night the bowl alley be divide into a game room area , a bar / restaurant area and a bowl area . Pete and the group stroll into the bar and take a large booth . music be play loud . a waitress take order for drink . bowl pin clatter loudly in the distance . " V " take one of Sheila 's friend and dance with she . Sheila take Pete by the arm and pull he up to dance . the music be fast , but they dance slow . sheila why have not you call I ? pete sorry ... I ... Sheila look around and move closer to Pete . she whisper urgently , worried . sheila ( whisper ) what 's happen to you ? what happen to you face ? pete I do not know . sheila ( whisper ) what do you mean ? ... you have be act strange lately ... like the other night . pete what night ? sheila last time I see you . pete I do not remember ... what happen that night ? sheila you sure be not act like the Pete dayton I have always know . pete whatiya mean ? sheila you be act like a different person . Pete laugh , but Sheila do not . pete who else could I be7 Sheila stare seriously at Pete , but then laugh too . sheila I do not know . Sheila lean in very close to Pete and whisper in he ear . sheila ( con 't ) you still care about I ? pete sure . sure I do . Sheila push she mouth on Pete 's and they kiss . , Pete break away - look at Sheila - serious . pete ( con 't ) what else about that night ?... do anything happen ? sheila you really do not remember ? pete no ... I tell you . sheila it be weird ... pete whatiya mean , Sheila ? sheila I do not want to talk about it ... pete Sheila ?! sheila no ... I really do not want to talk about it . CUT to : ext . ten pin bowling alley - night Ed and Al sit in they unmark police car watch the bowl alley entrance and " V 's " car . fade out : CUT to : ext . dayton house - morning Pete fire up he soupe up camaro and listen happily to the engine purring . he ease the big camaro out of the driveway and blast off down the street . CUT to : ext . arnie' garage - morning Pete cruise into he parking place and cut the engine . arnie come rush toward he , sport a big smile . arnie wonderful !!... wonderful to see you , Pete . how be you ? pete ( climb out of the camaro ) feeling good , arnie . ready to get to work . arnie wonderful , Pete . really wonderful . alotta people Pete ... alotta people be gonna be very happy . arnie take Pete by the arm and they go inside the garage . CUT to : int . arnie' garage - morning other mechanic give Pete the " hi " sign and yell they greeting over the din . arnie pull Pete closer and shout . arnie Mr. Smith have be wait for you and Mrs. trueworthy . can you take care of Mr. Smith now ? pete sure . arnie Mr. eddy 's call every day ... can I call he to come in ? pete sure , arnie . bring them on , I be ready . Pete walk over to a Ford Station wagon and pop the hood . a happy mr . smith come out of the office to join Pete at he car . CUT to : ext . arnie' garage - morning Ed and Al pull to a stop down the street from the garage . Ed kill the engine and they stare at arnie 's . dissolve to : int . arnie' garage - day Pete be lean down into the engine well of a chevy caprice work hard for Mrs. trueworthy . arnie 's garage be busy . CUT to : ext . arnie' garage - day a large black mercede 600 pullman pull into the garage . CUT to : int . arnie' garage - day the mercede pull to a stop and mr. eddy and two of he assistant climb out . arnie wave to Mr. eddy from the office . mr. eddy pete !!! where' pete ?!! Pete come up out of the well and turn . when he see Mr. eddy , he head across ihe garage to greet he . Mr. eddy open he arm wide and embrace Pete . when he pull away , he see Pete 's face . mr. eddy ( con 't ) what happen ? somebody givin ' you trouble ? pete no , it 's nothin ' ... I be all right . mr. eddy because if anybody 's givin ' you trouble , Pete , I can take care of the problem ... like that . ( snap he finger - loud ) pete no , no ... it 's okay , Mr. eddy . mr. eddy I mean it , Pete ... like that !! ( snap he finger - loud ) pete thanks , Mr. eddy ... whatiya need ? just the regular tune - up ? mr. eddy I want you to ride with I . somethin ' do not sound right . pete okay ... lemme clear it with ... mr. eddy it 's okay with arnie ... come on , let 's go . CUT to : ext . arnie' garage - day Ed and Al do not notice that Pete be in the big black mercede , as it cruise past they . CUT to : int . mr. eddy' 600 pullman - day Mr. eddy drive . Pete be in the passenger seat up front , and the two , stone - face assistant ride in back . mr. eddy now listen ... it only happen when I be accelerate . I think it 's the carburetor . Mr. eddy pull out after a light turn green and give the car a stab forward . pete no , it 's not the carburetor . pull over , but keep it runnin' . Mr. eddy smile as he pull over . mr. eddy best god damn ear in town . ( to the guy in back ) you guy be lookin ' at he . the man with the best god damn ear in town . when the car stop , Pete get out , pop the hood and disappear down by the engine . Mr. eddy sit , smile at Pete as he work . Pete pop up and give Mr. eddy the " thumb up " and get back into the car . pete give that a try . mr. eddy all right ! Mr. eddy carefully pull out into traffic and accelerate when he get the chance . mr. eddy ( con 't ) beautifull smooth as shit from a duck 's ass . let 's take a ride . pete whatever you say , Mr. eddy . Mr. eddy hang a right turn and head up into the hill . dissolve to : ext . mulholland drive - day Mr. eddy take the big pullman along the scenic mulholland drive - cruise smoothly . a silver - gray infiniti be move up fast behind the mercede . CUT to : int . mr. eddy' 600 pullman - day Mr. eddy look into he rearview mirror . mr. eddy oh , shit ... be that what I think it be ? Pete turn and look back . a car be tailgating they , the silver - gray infiniti . the two assistant in the backseat turn nonchalantly to take a look - then they return they look to Mr. eddy . Mr. eddy start to take a slow burn - keep look at the infiniti in the rearview mirror . the assistant look to one another take a deep breath . Mr. eddy slow slightly and then keep the pullman steady at 32 m.p.h . the infiniti move up ten foot behind the pullman , and blow its horn . Mr. eddy roll down he window . the assistant be pay close attention - they buckle they seatbelt . Pete notice a tension in the car . he watch Mr. eddy 's face . Mr. eddy pull slightly to the right of the road , pastes a polite , courteous smile on he face , put he leave arm out the window and wave the infiniti by . the infiniti jet forward and swerve around the pullman . when the car be side by side , the irate driver in the infiniti give Mr. eddy " the bird " and fly past . close on mr. eddy' right foot as it slam down on the gas pedal . the pullman catapult forward toward the infiniti . Pete be throw back - he grab on to the door handle and the seat for support . the pullman gain on the infiniti in a flash . the infiniti try to go faster , but Mr. eddy 's pullman have much more power . mr. eddy ( clench tooth ) this be where power and mechanical excellence pay off . Mr. eddy jam the pullman into the back of the infiniti and push it faster and faster along mulholland . the Driver of the infiniti try to brake and blue-gray smoke stream out from beneath the infiniti with a scream of burn rubber . at a turn , Mr. eddy steer he massive mercede and the infiniti ahead on a gut - wrenching path off the road , up a mountain and into a little glade of tree . Dust and brush fly everywhere . Mr. eddy and he assistant leap from the pullman and make for the Driver 's side of the infiniti . Mr. eddy throw open the infiniti 's door and pull the tremble and scream Driver out like a rag doll . Mr. eddy pull out he .44 ruger blackhawk and pistol whip the Driver to the ground . he smashes the butt of he gun across the man 's face , tear a gash which start to gush with blood . Mr. eddy 's assistant each draw .45 's and point they at the Driver . Mr. eddy , red -face with anger , lean close to the man . mr. eddy don't you ever fuckin ' tailgate . Mr. eddy hit the Driver in the side of the head with he gun . mr. eddy ( con 't ) what did you say ? driver ( scared shitless ) I ... I do not say anything ... assistant # 1 tell he you will not tailgate . mr. eddy ever !!!! driver I will not ever tailgate . mr. eddy do you know how many fuckin ' car lengths it take to stop a car at 35 m.p.h .? driver no . mr. eddy six fuckin ' car lengths ... that's about a hundre and six fuckin ' feet , mister ! you be following ten feet behind I ... if i'd have to stop suddenly , you would have hit I . I want you to get a driver' manual , and I want you to study that motherfucker ... and I want you to obey the GOD damn rule . fifty fuckin ' thousand people be kill on the road last year . ( hit the driver once again - hard ) cause of fuckin ' asshole like you . tell I you're gonna get a manual . driver I will get a manual . ( almost a whisper ) and study it . mr. eddy ( kick the man ) fuckin ' " a " . Mr. eddy and he assistant return to the pullman - get in and slam they door . Mr. eddy throw the pullman into reverse and pull back off the hill onto mulholland drive . he ease the car into " drive " and leave the cry and beat tailgater behind . CUT to : int . mr. eddy' 600 pullman - day Mr. eddy rotate he neck - shaking out some adrenaline remnant . Pete be visibly shake by what he have see . mr. eddy sorry about that , Pete , but tailgate be one thing I can not tolerate . pete I can see that . mr. eddy I will bet you know how many car length it take to stop at ... say 45 m.p.h . pete eight , nine car length . a hundred and sixty - two foot . mr. eddy at sixty ? pete Fifteen car length . about two hundred and seventy foot . mr. eddy ( to he companion in the reariew ) what would I tell ya . Mr. eddy smile and they continue along they way . CUT to : ext./ int . arnie' garage - day the pullman pull off the street into arnie 's . Mr. eddy and he assistant stay in the car . Pete open he door . mr. eddy wait a minute ... Mr. eddy take out a couple of one hundred dollar bill and put they into Pete 's hand . pete thanks , Mr. eddy . mr. eddy no ... thank you !... I will be bringin ' the " caddy " by tomorrow . Mr. eddy reach into the glove compartment and take out a videotape . he hold it out to Pete . mr. eddy ( con 't ) you like porno ? pete pornos ? mr. eddy yeah . give ya a boner . pete no thanks , Mr. eddy . Mr. eddy toss the tape back in the glove compartment . mr. eddy suit yourself , champ . pete okay ... well , I will see ya then . mr. eddy you will . CUT to : ext . arnie' garage - day Ed and Al be stare at the pullman . they see Pete get out . they notice the man drive the pullman . ed you recognize that guy ? al yeah ... Laurent . fade out : fade in : ext . dayton house - morning Pete walk out he front door with a lunch box and jump in the camaro . he fire up the big engine and head off for work . Ed and Al follow . dissolve to : int . arnie' garage - day Pete be on a skate - work under a car . the radio be on and a tune come on that begin to drive Pete crazy - it give he a headache . the tune be one of Fred madison 's be - bop saxophone piece . Pete get out from under the car and go to the radio . he change the station . phil , another mechanic work nearby , look at Pete . phil why would you change it ? I like that . pete well , I do not . Pete rub he throbbing head and when he get back under the car , he lay on the skate - unable to work . a car horn honk and the sound reverberate inside the garage . Pete look up - from under the car he see the wheel of a cadillac roll up just outside the open garage door . he see a car door open and Mr. eddy 's foot appear and walk in he direction . Pete wince and wheel himself out from under the car . he stand as Mr. eddy walk up to he , then freeze as he see - back behind Mr. eddy , sit in the passenger seat of the car - a beautiful blonde - haire girl , who look exactly like Renee . close up beautiful girl - she look exactly like Renee except she be about eight year young . the girl be stare right into Pete 's eye . Mr. eddy step between Pete and the girl - block she from Pete . Mr. eddy smile at Pete - not notice or not let on that he notice the serious eye contact go on between Pete and the girl . mr. eddy I be leavin ' the caddy , like I tell you . think you will get a chance to give she a once over today ? pete ( regain he composure ) sure ... sure , Mr. eddy . you gonna pick it up later , or tomorrow ? mr. eddy if you think you can finish it , I will be back later today . pete it will be ready . mr. eddy you be my man , Pete . Mr eddy pinch Pete 's cheek - which Pete do not like , but aliow . Mr. eddy give Pete a big smile then turn , go back to he car , escort the beautiful girl outside where the pullman be wait . Pete watch she walk and move . he watch she until Mr. eddy drive she away . she steal one last glance back at Pete before she disappear . when she be go , Pete replay the scene of see this beautiful girl over again in he mind . the scene be accompany by Lou reed 's version of " this Magic moment " . fade out : fade in : int . dayton house - night Pete be sit perch unsteadily on the very edge of he bed . he hear a succession of highly - amplify sound at interval with eerie stretch of silence : cricket in fracture cadence a distant television - a fly buzzing slowly in the room a moth' wing beat against light bulb in the ceiling fixture - the wash of dish . Pete 's reaction to this sound be one of petrify confusion . underly this sound be a kind of unearthly , steady drone . Pete get up off the bed , unsteadily . he move toward he bedroom door . as he move the amplify sound shift . he can hear laughter . the laughter seem to be loud , but at the same time come from people who be try to contain the laughter - to hide it . Pete open he door and peer out . Pete 's Pov down the hall toward the live room - he mother and father have stop laugh and be turn with guilty smile in he direction . they be smoking a joint , pass it back and forth . they be not look directly at he . they seem to be look , but not see . Pete 's parent Pov down the hall toward Pete 's room . there be no one there - just a empty hallway . Pete 's parent continue to stare , but then turn away toward each other - they start to laugh quietly again . Pete 's pov - the hallway and the live room - there be no one in the live room . it 's empty . CUT to : int . dayton house - pete' bedroom - night Pete turn from the hallway and come back in he room - unsettle and confuse . he can hear laughter come from the live room . CUT to : ext . dayton house - night Ed be behind the wheel . Al be in the passenger seat . Ed be look at the dayton house . Al 's head be bent , look down . at first we hear nothing , then the sound of Al 's piss stream into a empty coffee cup . the camera stay on the top of Al 's head until he have complete the last few spurt of he micturition . Al 's head come up and he open the passenger side door and dump the urine into the street . he close the door and zip up he trousers . CUT to : int . dayton house - pete' bedroom - night Pete pace the room . finally he stop himself , throw on he black leather jacket and open he bedroom door . he look down the hall . no one be in the live room . he walk out of the house . CUT to : ext . dayton house - night Ed and Al watch Pete get in he camaro and drive off . they follow . CUT to : ext . street - night Pete drive through the night - up ventura boulevard with the " cruiser " . he look in the other car and look at the girl on the street . he drive past " top " , but do not see anyone he know . he turn off the boulevard and drive through San Fernando valley neighborhood street . he pull up in front of Sheila 's house and honk he horn . he light a cigarette while he wait . in a few minute Sheila come out and lean in the passenger side window . sheila what do you want ? pete nothin ' ... you want to go for a drive ? sheila I do not know . pete come on ... get in . Sheila hesitates for a moment , then get in . CUT to : ext . street - night Pete and Sheila drive along dark street . pete come here . Sheila slide across and sit close to Pete . Pete put he arm around she . she take a drag from he cigarette and put she head on he shoulder . Pete pull over into a dark shadow under a tree and stop the car . he cut the engine , turn to Sheila and kiss she . she break away . sheila why do not you like I ? pete I do like you , Sheila . Sheila put she lip up ' close to he and whisper . sheila how much ? Pete kiss she and she kiss he back . they start to feel each other and Sheila take off she tight sweater . she 's wear no bra and Pete begin to feel she breast while she unbutton he shirt . they continue to kiss hard throughout . CUT to : ext . STREET - night Ed and Al be stop a half a block behind Pete and Sheila . they be watch the couple as they make love in the front seat of Pete 's car . CUT to : ext . STREET - night Pete and Sheila be naked in the front seat . Sheila cling to Pete as they make love . she 's hopelessly in love with he . fade out : fade in : int . arnie' garage - late afternoon Pete and the other mechanic be work in the garage . the clock on the wall read : 4:45 p.m . some of the guy be clean up - wash they hand - put tool away . Pete be rag off some grease from he hand when he notice a cab pull up to the front of the garage . the beautiful blonde step out of the cab and come up to he . Pete 's heart race - she smile at he . beautiful blonde ( alice ) hi. I be Alice Wyatt . pete Pete dayton . alice I be here yesterday . pete yeah , I remember . alice how would you like to take I to dinner ? pete ( laugh uncomfortably ) I do not know . alice okay , then , I will take you to dinner . Pete hesitates - think . pete look , I do not think it 's a good idea . Alice look hard at he , then smile . alice where 's you phone ? I have to call another taxi . pete ( point ) over there . Alice walk to the office inside the garage - pick up the phone and dial information . alice ( into phone ) can you give I the number for United cab ? she turn and look at Pete while she 's speak , then listen . alice ( con 't ) ( into phone ) thanks . Alice dial the number . alice ( con 't ) ( into phone ) yes , I need a taxi at arnie 's Auto repair , the corner of fifth and ... Pete have walk over . he take the telephone out of she hand . pete ( into phone ) we will not be need a cab , thanks anyway . he hang up the phone . alice why do not we just skip dinner7 CUT to : ext . arthur' hideaway motel - night Pete and Alice pull up to the cheap motel in Pete 's camaro . Pete get out and leave Alice in the car . she wait and watch he go into the office . CUT to : ext . arthur' hideaway motel - across the STREET - night Ed and Al be watch Pete and Alice . they watch Pete come out of the office and take Alice into one of the motel room . ed ' fucker get more pussy than a toilet seat . Al shake he head with anger mix with a lot of envy . CUT to : int . arthur' hideaway motel - a room - night Pete and Alice enter the room . there be a double bed , a little desk , two bedside table with lamp , a floor lamp , and a bathroom . they do not notice any of this . just inside the room Alice take Pete 's hand and they turn to each other . Alice put Pete 's hand between she leg . she move up close to he and close she eye . they kiss tenderly at first - then hotter . alice ( whisper ) take off my clothes . dissolve to : int . arthur' hideaway motel - the room - night Pete and Alice be naked on the double bed in just the glow of the motel 's neon light come in between the window curtain . they be up on they knee - right next to each other . they look in each other 's eye as they hand move and touch . Alice smile with a wild , dreamy look in she eye . Pete put he hand between she leg and Alice kiss he with a frenzy . they fall back on the bed . dissolve to : int . arthur' hideaway motel - the room - night Pete and Alice make violent love on the bed . Alice be hungry . dissolve to : int . arthur' hideaway motel - the room - night Alice and Pete be dress . Alice be still breathe hard . she move up close to Pete by the motel room door . her hand be shaking as she touch he cheek . alice ( whisper ) I want more . pete I , too . alice can I call you ? pete yeah ... call I at home . I will give you the number . alice ( kissing he ) okay , baby . CUT to : ext . arthur' hideaway motel - across the STREET - night Ed and Al watch Pete and Alice leave the motel room , get in the car and drive off . Ed start he car and he and Al follow they . CUT to : int . pete' camaro - night Pete and Alice be riding side by side - Alice 's head be on he shoulder . Alice look up at Pete as he drive - she smile . the light from headlight behind they catch Alice 's attention . her eye dart back to a car that could be follow they . alice ( fear ) be that car follow we ? Pete glance in the rearview mirror - see the headlight . at the last moment he pull a hard right and accelerate down the street . the car follow - they both see it . pete I will lose them at the light . Alice steal a look back . alice I do not recognize the car ... at a tralfic light , Pete revs up the big camaro and expertly peel out between on -come cross traffic . he swerve between two car go in opposite direction - blast up a block and hang a hard right - disappear from view . Ed and Al go out into the traffic after they , but the swerving , screeching car brake around they form a barrier and trap they . angry driver lean on they horn . Pete and Alice have lose they . fade out : fade in : ext . dayton house - night establish . CUT to : int . dayton house - night close up on telephone - it start to ring . pete ( voiceover ) I will get it ! Pete enter the kitchen where he mother go for the ringing phone and get to it before she do . pete ( into phone ) hello . alice ( phone voice ) it 's I ... pete hi. alice I can not see you tonight . pete ( disappointed ) okay ... alice I have to go somewhere with Mr. eddy . pete sure . alice I think he suspect something ... we have to be careful ... I miss you . Pete be silent . alice ( con 't ) Pete ? pete I , too . alice I will call you again . Alice hang up . Pete throw the phone back down on the cradle . it bounce off and he have to hang it up again . he slam it down . claire what 's the matter ? pete nothin ' . CUT to : ext . dayton house - night Pete kick -start he big harley and roar angrily out of the driveway . CUT to : ext . street - night Pete ride he cycle fast through neighborhood . CUT to : ext . van nuy boulevard - night Pete ride up the boulevard with the " cruiser " . he spot " V 's " car park at " top " . he pull in beside " V 's " car and shut down the engine . the usual crowd be at the drive - in , include Sheila . Pete go up to " V " and Carl and say hello . he light a cigarette and lean up against a steel pole support the awning above . " V " and Carl both notice that Pete be in a bad mood . Sheila be over with she girlfriend . she have not see Pete arrive . suddenly Sheila look over in Pete 's direction . she look like she 's see something , yet not see anything . she keep look - stare . Sheila 's Pov she see " V " , Carl and a lot of people , but Pete be not there . Pete look at Sheila . he 's unsettle and confuse by she stare , but not seem to see he . he watch she turn away and take one of she girlfriend 's hand - lead she out to dance to the loud music . Pete watch she dance . suddenly , he can not see she . he think maybe she may be dance on the other side of the building - out of view . he move to look and he head be strike by a violent pain . he grab he head with he hand and lean forward . " V " grab he arm . " V " you okay , man ? pete what ? " V " you okay ?... what 's wrong7 Pete look up at " V " . he do not seem to recognize he - " V 's " head be a featureless blur . Pete shake he head try to drive out the pain . he look over again for Sheila . he see she there dance with she girlfriend . " V " Pete ... you okay ? pete yeah . Pete stand back up against the post - turn to " V " - recognize he . pete ( con 't ) I be , okay ... you okay ? " V " sure , I be okay . some drunk guy move over to Sheila and she girlfriend . they cut in on the girl . the guy with Sheila put he hand around she waist and pull she against she will into a grind . she try to push he away , but he hold on tighter - laugh with he buddy . " V " and Carl look at Pete as he push off the post . Pete cross quickly to the man dance with Sheila . he slam he fist into the man 's nose - almost snap the man 's neck in the process . the man go down bleed . Pete attack the other man who be turn toward he ready for a fight . he hit the man in the gut - the man 's head go down and Pete bring he knee up crack the man 's face . the man 's torso fly up with Pete 's knee - then continue on as the man fall to the floor . Pete pick he up , ready to hit he again , but the crowd pull he off . Pete stand and turn - pulsate with anger . Sheila be there beside he . sheila where would you come from ? pete I have be here . you be lookin , right at I . sheila I be ? pete yeah . Sheila sink into he arm . sheila I do not know you care . pete come on . Pete take she to the harley and they blast off . CUT to : int . arthur' hideaway motel - the room - night Pete be make desperate love to Sheila in the same room - the same bed , as with Alice . sheila ( whisper pain ) Pete ... Pete ... Pete keep on - harder - obsessed . when he come , he crash down on Sheila , who wrap she arm around he tight . she do not know what be go on with he . her eye be open wide as she listen to he frantic breathe . she do not know what to say - or what question to ask . CUT to : ext . arthur' hideaway motel - night Ed and Al be stare silently at the motel and the harley park out in front . al what a fuckin ' job . ed his or ours ? al our , ed. dissolve to : int . dayton house - night Pete enter through the front door . his parent be sit as if they have be wait for he . pete hey . bill sit down a minute . pete what 's up ? bill sit down . Pete sit in a chair opposite Bill and Claire . bill ( con 't ) you do not look so good . pete I gotta headache ... what 's goin ' on ? bill the police call we . pete yeah ? what do they want ? bill they want to know if we would have a chance to find out what happen to you the other night . they want to know if you remember anything . pete but I do not remember anything . what do you tell them ? claire ( whisper ) we see you that night , Pete . bill you come home . you friend Sheila bring you here . pete Sheila ? bill yes , there be a man with you ... she bring you here ... she do not know what else to do . pete what be this ? why do not you tell I ? what ?... I do not remember any of this . claire we know that . pete who be the man ? bill never see he before in my life . pete do you tell the police this ? bill we be not say anything about that night to the police . we should all forget that night . pete what happen to I ? Bill and Claire just stare at Pete . pete ( con 't ) please tell I . bill no . fade out : fade in : int . dayton house - night the clock on the wall read : 1:30 a.m . the house be completely quiet , except for the refrigerator motor . Pete be on the phone in the kitchen talk quietly . pete why do not you tell I you bring I here that night ? ( he listen ) to my house ... my parent tell I . what be you tryin ' to hide ? ( he listen ) Sheila ... tell I ... who be with I ?... who be the man ?... ( he listen ) ... when you bring I home ! ( he listen ) what be he doin ' there ? ( he listen ) what be you cryin ' about ?... Sheila ? fade out : fade in : int . arnie' garage - day Pete be work on a car . the mercede pullman pull into the shop . Mr. eddy get out with he two assistant . they stay by the car while Mr. eddy walk over to pete. Mr. eddy smile . mr. eddy how ya doin ' , Pete ? pete okay . mr. eddy I be sure you notice that girl that be with I the other day ... good lookin ' blonde ? she stay in the car ?... Pete just stare at Mr. eddy . his heart begin to race . mr. eddy ( con 't ) her name be Alice . you know I love that girl to death . if I ever find out somebody be makin ' out with she , I would take this ... ( he open he coat and pull out he .44 ruger blackhawk and hold it up in front of Pete 's face ) ... and shove it so far up he ass it would come out he mouth ... then you know what ?... pete ( very quietly ) what ? mr. eddy I would pull the trigger and shoot he right between the eye . abruptly , Mr. eddy become cool - he holster he pistol and smile at Pete . mr. eddy ( con 't ) so , Pete , you be lookin , better . what have you be up to ? close up on pete' face - stare at Mr. eddy . CUT to : int . dayton house - night the phone ring in the kitchen . pete ( voiceover ) I will get it . Pete move into the kitchen and pick up the phone . pete hello . alice meet I at the starlight Motel on sycamore ... I will be there in twenty minute . pete ( hesitates ) okay . Alice hang up . Pete stare at the phone for a moment , then hang it up slowly . CUT to : ext . starlight motel - night Pete pull he camaro into the parking lot . when he get out of the car , he hear a voice and looks.up . alice up here ... come on . Pete take a stairway past a " Coke " machine and meet Alice in front of a second floor room where the door stand open . alice ( con 't ) I already get the room . Pete follow Alice into the motel room and she shut the door . CUT to : ext . starlight motel - night Ed and Al be park across the street - watch . dissolve to : int . starlight motel - room - night Pete and Alice be sit on the bed - dress . a bedside table lamp be on . alice he will kill we . pete be you positive he know ? alice I be not positive ... but ... he know . pete so what do we do ? alice I do not know . pete we should stop see each other . alice no ... no . Alice move closer to Pete and melt into he . she place he hand on she breast and look in he eye . alice ( con 't ) I do not want to live without you . she kiss Pete and pull up she sweater to let he feel she bare breast . Pete kiss she back - lose in he long for she . Alice break away . alice ( con 't ) we have to get away ... we have to get some money . Pete just stare at she . alice ( con 't ) I know a guy ... he pay girl to party with he ... he always have alotta cash ... Alice put she band up to Pete 's cbeek and let it drift around . alice ( con 't ) he would be easy to rob ... then we would have the money ... and we could get away ... we would be together . Alice kiss Pete 's lip over and over - look in he eye . pete have you party with he ? alice I use to . Inside , Pete go crazy with jealousy . pete you like it ? alice no , honey ... it be part of the deal . pete what deal ? alice he work for Mr. eddy . pete what 's he do ? alice he make film for Mr. eddy . pete pornos . alice yeah . pete how would you get in with this fuckin ' people ? alice Pete ... do not ... pete how would it happen , Alice ? alice it be a long time ago ... I meet someone at this place call moke 's ... we become friend . he tell I about a job ... pete in porno ? alice no ... a job ... I do not know what . he set up a appointment for I to see a man . CUT to : alice' story we see Alice wear a sexy tight dress in a plain room . it feel like we be inside of a large building - maybe a office building . Alice be wait nervously . a slickster in shiny shirt and pants be lean against a close door . there be another door off the room which be open onto a room where a muscle man in tiny brief be do bench press . no one be say anything . alice ( voiceover ) I go to this place ... they make I wait forever . there be some guy guardin ' the door ... I start gettin ' nervous ... in another room I could see some guy liftin' ( more ) alice ( cont would ) weight ... both this guy give I the creep ... they never say anything to I ... so I just smoke cigarettes and wait . we move in on a nervous exhale of smoke to a close up of Alice wait . we see a close up of the man guard the door . we see a close shot of the man bench press a lot of weight . suddenly , there be two knock on the other side of the close door . the slickster move off the door and open it a crack . he talk quietly to someone Alice can not see , then he turn , open the door and gesture for Alice to go through . Alice put out she cigarette - she hand be shaking . she walk over past the slickster and enter a much larger room . there be about fifteen men in the room - all lean comfortably at different point on the wall . there be only one chair in the room - Mr. eddy be sit in it . no one say anything to she , but one man nod he head and from this nod , Alice feel she should walk to the center of the room . she do , and she instinctively turn to the man sit in the chair . they all just stare at she silently . she look around nervously - she eye return to Mr. eddy 's . suddenly , a man step quickly up to she - draw a pistol and cock it against she head . Alice go weak in the knee . her eye fill with fear . the man continue to stare . Mr. eddy give Alice a small gesture as if to say " well ? " . somehow she know what they want , even though they have not ask for it with word . Alice start to undress - slowly - in as sexy a way as she know how . the man just stare without expression . when she be completely naked , Mr. eddy gesture she over to he . soon she be on she knee in front of he - make herself available for whatever he want . Mr. eddy 's Pov - Alice look in he eye . she reach she hand up to stroke he cheek ... CUT to : int . starlight motel - room - night Alice 's hand reach up and stroke Pete 's cheek . pete why do not you just leave ? Alice do not say anything . she drop she hand - look down . pete ( con 't ) you like it . alice if you want I to go away , I will go away . the feeling shift inside Pete . Alice look in he eye . pete I do not want you to go away . Alice smile a little - lean in and they kiss . alice ( whisper ) I love you , Pete . they kiss some more . pete ( desperate whisper ) I love you , Alice . they start to make love - undress each other and kissing all the while . Alice stop . alice so , should I call Andy ? pete Andy ? alice that 's he name ... Andy . we ticket out of here . pete yeah . call he . Alice get serious . alice I will set it up for tomorrow night . you will meet I at he place at eleven o'clock ... do not drive there ... take a bus ... make sure no one follow you ... his address be easy to remember ... it 's 2224 deep dell place ... it 's a white stucco job on the south side of the street ... I will be upstairs with Andy ... the back door will be open ... that lead into the kitchen - go through the kitchen to the live room - there 's a bar there ... at eleven fifteen , I will ask Andy to fix I a drink ... when he do , you can crack he in the head ... okay ? pete okay ... alice lemme call he now . make sure he 's not already busy tomorrow night . pete okay . still entwine with each other , Alice reach for the phone and dial a number . it start to ring and she smile at Pete when she hear it be answer . alice Andy ?... it 's I , Alice . how ya doin ?... ( whisper ) Andy ... I can get away tomorrow night ... I could come to you house ... that sound good ... around nine ... yeah , I too , Andy ... great ... see ya then . she hang up the phone . alice ( con 't ) set. pete why be ya goin ' so early ? alice ' Cause that 's how long it 's gonna take , baby . pete what if Andy tip off Mr. eddy ? alice be you kid ?... I have get so much on Andy , it be not funny . pete what about tonight ?... whatiya gonna do about Mr. eddy tonight ? alice I be not goin ' home tonight ... I be goin ' somewhere else .. ( off he look ) to a girlfriend 's house . ( she smile ) but , we still have a coupla thing to take care of ... pete oh , yeah ?... what else ? Alice reach down between they leg . Pete smile . alice this ... and this . they start to go at it again - at first slowly and tenderly - then wildly . Alice tear herself away and look up at Pete . alice ( con 't ) be you my man ? pete ( get hotter ) yes . alice be you gonna be a man about this , Pete ? Pete look at she - start to understand what she mean . alice ( con 't ) be you ? Pete stare at she - then nod . dissolve to : ext . dayton house - night Pete drive up and park he camaro in the driveway . when he get out of the car , he see Sheila stand by the front step . she be look in he direction , but do not seem to see he . she suddenly turn and look up the street - she yell . sheila ( total horror ) there's someone with he !! as she yell , she start to look around wildly - then she eye follow the path the camaro take into the driveway - then the path Pete take to where he have be stand all this time . her eye find Pete and she stand by the front step . pete ( frighten ) Sheila ? she head toward he . pete Sheila , what be it ?... what be you doin ' here ? sheila you have be fuck somebody else have not you ? pete Sheila ... sheila you fuck I whenever you want ... you do not call ... tell I who she be . Sheila have come up and be grab Pete by the front of he shirt . pete hey ... Sheila . sheila what 's the bitch be name ?! pete look Sheila ... I be sorry ... sheila you're sorry !! pete go home , Sheila . Sheila start beat he in the face and chest . sheila you're sorry !! you piece of shit !! you're sorry !! she start cry and hit he harder . sheila ( con 't ) fuck you !! Sheila 's scream be reverberate around the neighborhood . inside pete' mind the sound be even louder . Bill come out of the house . Claire be behind he wait on the front porch . Sheila beat Pete and trip he to the ground . she be sobbing as she tear at he . pete Sheila ... stop ... sheila fuck you !! fuck you !! Bill come up to Sheila and take she gently by the shoulder . Sheila jerk around and look up at Bill . bill why do not you two come inside and talk thing over quietly ... come on ... come on in , Sheila . Sheila get to she foot - cry . she look down at Pete , who remain lie on the front lawn . for Pete , every word and every sound be loud and distorted . the droning SOUND return . sheila ( to Pete ) you be different . bill Sheila ... sheila ( to Bill ) tell he ! the phone inside the house start to ring . Claire turn in the doorway and go to answer it . bill Sheila ... do not . sheila I do not care anyway ... I be sorry , Mr. dayton ... I will not bother you or any member of you family again . Sheila run off cry . Pete and Bill watch she go . Claire come to the door . claire Pete ... there 's a man on the phone . he 's call a couple of time tonight . Pete pull himself up . pete who be it ? claire he will not give he name . Pete walk slowly inside - stare at the phone and pick it up . pete hello . mr. eddy ( phone voice ) hey , Pete ... how ya doin ' ? pete who be this ? mr. eddy you know who it be . Bill and Claire have stop in the live room - watch Pete . Pete be go crazy with Mr. eddy on one end , and he parent stare at he on the other . he wave he parent away , but they leave slowly and reluctantly . pete Mr. eddy ? mr. eddy yeah ... how ya doin ' , Pete ? pete okay . mr. eddy you be doin , okay ? that 's good , Pete . pete look ... it 's late , Mr. eddy ... I ... mr. eddy I be really glad you be doin ' okay , Pete . Pete do not know what to say . mr. eddy you sure you be doin ' okay ? everything all right ? pete yeah . mr. eddy that 's good , pete. hey ... I want you to talk to a friend of mine . Pete can hear the phone be hand over to someone . there be a long silence . Pete can hear breathe . voice we have meet before , have not we ? Pete freeze . his mind be scramble . pete I do not think so . where be it that you think we have meet ? voice at you house . do not you remember ? pete no . no , I do not . voice we just kill a couple of people ... pete what ? Pete can hear Mr. eddy laugh in the background . voice you hear I ... we think we would come over and tell you about it . Pete be get pale with fear . pete what 's goin ' on ? voice great question !! in the east ... the far east ... when a person be sentence to death ... they be send to a place where they can not escape ... never know when a executioner will step up behind they and fire a bullet into the back of they head ... it could be day ... week ... or even year after the death sentence have be pronounce ... this uncertainty add a exquisite element of torture to the situation , do not you think ? it 's be a pleasure talk to you . Pete can hear the phone be pass again . mr. eddy Pete ... I just want to jump on and tell you I be really glad you be doin ' okay . the phone go dead and Pete sit - fearfully ponder he fate . he hear a noise and turn . down at the far end of the hall he see he parent stare at he . close up on parent stare in the direction of the live room as if sense something , but not see . parent Pov - the hall and live room beyond . there be no one there . dissolve to : ext . STREET - bus stop - night a City Bus pull up to the stop . the door open and Pete climb on . CUT to : int . bus - night Pete ride along in the empty bus . he stare at he reflection in the dark window . CUT to : ext . STREET - bus stop - night the bus stop and Pete get out . he start walk . CUT to : ext . deep DELL place - night we see a street sign say " deep dell place " . Pete walk up the street look at number . he find 2224 deep dell place - Andy 's House . he stare at the house from the sidewalk . light be on upstairs and down . the hot wind move big shadow of tree over the front of the house . Pete look at he watch . it read : 11:05 p.m . he walk down the driveway , cross through some bush and come to a fence separate the front yard from the back . he stop and listen . he pull himself up and over the fence , but crash on something on the other side . he freeze - listen . he hear the wind blow through the tree , and distant music from inside - a slow jazz piece . he hear echoing sound of love make . he make he way around back - go up the stair and try the back door . it open . CUT to : int . andy'' house - night Pete sneak through the kitchen and come into the live room . Pete stop short and stare . a movie projector be run in the live room . a porno film be be project on a huge screen at the far end . Alice be in the porno film . a man be fuck she from behind - with loud slapping sound of flesh bang flesh . her face be in the foreground . her eye look out directly at Pete . she be loving every minute of it . Inside Pete , jealousy start to rage out of control . he look around . he see clothes scattered about . he pick up a girl 's sweater and smell it . he look up the stair . foot appear at the top of the stair . they start down . Pete run for the bar . along the way , he grab a heavy , bronze figurine of a well - stack woman off a rectangular glass - top coffee table , and duck behind the bar . he can hear Andy approach . he can hear Andy gather two glass . he can hear Alice be fuck harder in the porno film . he clenches he tooth with rage . suddenly , Andy move right in front of he . they see each other . Andy 's eye widen - Pete leap up , and thwacks the bronze figurine down on the top of Andy 's head . Andy fall . the breast of the figurine have make two bloody hole in he forehead . Pete turn . Alice be come quickly down the stairway - naked , except for a pair of panty . lipstick be smear around she mouth . she be carry a half - fill pillowcase . her porno film be play on the wall behind she . this image jump and spin in Pete 's mind . he move unsteadily toward she . alice you get he . pete ( still hold the figurine ) Alice , I ... Pete start to tremble . he drop the figurine . he try to embrace she . there be a crash noise behind he . Pete turn and see Andy staggering , blood stream from the wound in he head , then charging full speed at pete . Andy hit he hard , and Pete go down . when Pete hit the ground , he push Andy up and throw out he arm . this , and Andy 's momentum , catapult Andy into the corner of the rectangular glass - top coffee table . there be a sound like a hammer go through a bucket of egg as the glass corner embed about eight inch into Andy 's forehead . close up of andy'' head - impale on the sharp corner of the table , he chest area suspend , he leg and stomach touch the floor . alice ( amazement - no feel ) wow ! Pete pull himself off the floor . Pete move close to Alice , they drift to the glass coffee table , stare for a few moment at Andy 's dead body . while Pete stare , unbely , at Andy - Alice hurriedly pick up she sweater and put it on . on the sofa next to it lay Andy 's trousers . she go through the pocket , find a roll of cash bound by a rubber band . Alice hand the roll to Pete . alice ( con 't ) put this in you pocket . Alice kneel next to Andy 's body and quickly remove he rolex wristwatch , a couple of ring and the gold chain dangle from he neck . this item she put inside the empty pillowcase . Alice find the rest of she clothes scattered about the live room and put they on . Pete watch she , tremble , unable to say anything . she come back to Pete , who start breathe irregularly , hyperventilate . alice ( con 't ) you all right ? pete , we kill he . alice you kill he . pete Alice ? Alice slide up close to Pete . alice it be a accident ... accident happen every day . Pete clutches she , eye squeeze tight , as if he be hold on for dear life . pete Alice ... alice ( push back ) we gotta get the stuff and get out of here . Alice start off across the live room with the pillowcase . Pete open he eye , he see Alice move as a blur . he look around the room , which spin in and out of focus . his eye land on , a photograph in a frame on the wall . this photo trouble he . Pete squint , then point to the photograph . pete be that you ? be both of they you ? close up of the photograph - four people appear in the frame : Andy , Renee , Alice and Mr. eddy . Alice stop and come back . she look at the photo , walk closer to it , and point at herself . alice that 's I . she turn to Pete . Pete be stare at the photograph - at Alice and Renee in the photograph . his nose be bleed profusely . alice ( con 't ) Pete ?... Pete start to reel - blood from he nose soaking he shirt . pete where 's the bathroom ? alice up the stair - down the hall . Pete run up the stair - about to get sicker . Alice watch he go with a nuance of disdain . CUT to : int . andy'' house - upstair - night Pete stagger toward the bathroom at the rear right of the hallway . the hallway suddenly become hazy , different and longer than it appear to be . Pete wander down this " change " hall . on he leave , he identify a door with the number 25 on it . he pause for a moment in front of it , then go on until , on he right , he come to a door with the number 26 on it . he enter through this door . Inside be a woman in front of a mirror with a man . her arm be rest on a shelf under the mirror as the man take she from behind . the man 's face be blank , featureless , and be bury in the woman 's back - we can not see it . Pete now see that the woman be a extremely whorish version of Alice - she 's look at Pete 's reflection in the mirror . he 's look at she reflection in the mirror . Pete 's head be pound . woman / alice ( to Pete ) do you want to talk to I ? Pete rub he head - the pain be severe . woman / alice ( con 't ) ( laugh ) do you want to ask I " why " ? Pete stagger out of the room . he close the door . the hallway have " change " back to Andy 's hallway . the door no longer have number . Pete walk , unsteadily , back down the hall - falter . he start down the stair . CUT to : int . andy'' house - live room - night Pete come downstairs to the live room and see Alice at the desk in the corner , fill the pillowcase with cash and jewelry . she have a pistol in she hand . Alice turn when she hear Pete and they study each other 's face as Pete make he way to she . his head be still throbbing with pain . his focus go from she face to the gun - which be point right at he - back to she . Alice smile . alice do not you trust I , Pete ?... she laugh and hand he the pistol . alice ( con 't ) stick that in you belt . she show he the pillowcase fill with loot . alice ( con 't ) ( go through the loot ) look at all this shit ... I know a fence ... he will give we money and get we passport in exchange for this and the car ... ( look up at he ) we can go anywhere . pete Alice ? Alice grab Pete 's arm and hurry he toward the door . alice come on , baby . CUT to : ext . andy'' house - driveway - night Alice take Pete to Andy 's car and throw he the key . alice you drive . Alice jump in Andy 's car and toss the bulg pillowcase in the back . Pete take the revolver out of he belt . he open the driver 's side door of Andy 's car and slowly sit inside . he set the pistol on the seat between they . he look up at she . she smile wildly . Pete slalm the door - start the car and they drive off . CUT to : ext . residential STREET - edge of the desert - night Alice and Pete pull up into the driveway of a house at the end of a street at the edge of a desert . Alice get out into a hot wind . Pete stay in the car as she go up to the house . Pete 's Pov : he watch Alice ring the doorbell . she wait in front of the door for a few moment , she hair blow in the wind . a houseboy open the door . Alice say something to he - Pete cannot bear anything that be say , even though he driver 's side window be down . all he can hear be the hot wind blow . the houseboy move out to where he can see Pete , wait in the car . the houseboy and Alice exchange information . the houseboy point out toward the desert . Alice turn back to the car . the houseboy watch she . CUT to : int . andy be car - night Alice get into the car . alice come on . Pete start the car and begin back it out the drive . the houseboy be still stand - watch they . alice ( con 't ) we have to go to the desert . he 's at he cabin . Pete and Alice drive off . the houseboy continue to watch they . CUT to : ext . desert - two - lane highway - night we see the clean move Pov illuminate by headlight . we be float down a old two - lane highway through a desolate , desert landscape . CUT to : ext . desert - night Pete and Alice pull off the two -lane highway onto a barely discernible dirt road that cut through the dark desert . CUT to : ext . desert - night Pete and Alice drive up to a one room cabin build on stilt next to a dry lakebe . they both get out and go up the stair to a porch where Alice knock on the door . there be no answer . Alice open the door , but there be nobody inside . alice we will have to wait . the hot wind continue to blow . Alice and Pete walk back down to the car . the headlight be on and Alice reach in through the window and switch on the radio . she can not get anything in but static , with bit and piece of old tune fade in and out . she hit the " seek " button . the radio start to search . Pete be stand in the glare of the headlight watch she . Alice walk slowly to he . the camera capture this from a back seat perspective - then drift toward they . pete why I , Alice ? why choose I ? the radio stick on a particular tune - a tune fill with long . Alice begin to dance . she take Pete 's hand and pull he close to she . alice so we can be together ... you still want to be with I , do not you Pete ? Alice give Pete that wild smile . alice ( con 't ) more than ever ? she kiss Pete over and over . he begin to kiss she back . she start to move he in a dance to the music in the glare of the headlight , the hot wind caress they . the scene be out of a dream . Alice and Pete help each other undress as they dance in and out of the light , and the wind whip at they body . they sink down on the soft ground and start make love . the light from the headlight combine with the starlight , bathing they in a pristine glow . the music fade and the radio begin to " seek " through static for another station . the music it find now be loud and intense . Alice - she hunger appear , now become carnivorous in she approach to love make with Pete . she be the aggressor , highly - charge - she want more and more - take , not give , insatiable . the headlight flare they body in blind light . they become amorphous , glow shape burn in the light . Pete be try desperately to please she - to have she . the drive music fill with crack of pierce static . the radio strain to hold the station . Pete 's white - hot body cling to Alice . he choke with emotion . pete I want you ... I want you ... with a burn smile , Alice roll they out of the beam of light into the darkness . the wind billow a black cloud of dust around they . Alice pull away from Pete and bring she dark mouth to he ear . alice you will never have I . Alice glide away from Pete and stand up look down at he from above . she turn and walk , naked , to the cabin where she disappear within it . Pete turn , face down on the ground in the darkness . he 's hold he head and shaking . as he start to stand - he turn into the glare of the headlight and we see that it be not pete - but fred . as Fred stand up , the car 's light dim and the radio fade . Fred look at the car . he see some movement inside . Fred look closer and see the figure of a man in the back seat . close up of the man - it 's the mystery man from Andy 's party . voice from behind fred hello . Fred turn toward the cabin and see the mystery man now stand in the doorway . Fred turn again to the car , but this time it 's empty . he look back at the cabin and see the mystery man still in the doorway . mystery man here I be . Fred be dizzy with fear and confusion . he pull on he trousers and shoe and walk up the step to the cabin toward the mystery man , who go inside . Fred stop in the doorway . he look around . fred where 's Alice ? mystery man Alice who ? Fred look around again but there be no one there except the mystery man - stand in the center of the room . Fred stare at he . mystery man ( con 't ) her name be Renee . if she 's tell you she name be Alice , she 's lie . ( fill now with anger ) and you name , what the fuck be you name ?! Fred freak , scared to death . he bolt down the stair to the car , stumbling more than once . Fred attempt to start the car which be drain of electrical charge by the use of the headlight and radio . the mystery man appear in the doorway of the cabin . he start toward Fred . the starter motor moan as Fred twist the key frantically . the smile mystery man be almost at the car , the engine catch . Fred revs it - throw the car in reverse and peel out away from the mystery man , whose hand be reach for he . Fred swerve the car around - throw it in drive , and take off across the dark desert . CUT to : ext . desert highway - night Fred pull up onto the two - lane highway . a old , rusted roadsign be post there . it read : " lost highway " . CUT to : Fred be drive along the two - lane desert " lose highway " . the wind be pick up even stronger than before . a big storm be blow in . Fred see a sign glow just ahead that read : lost highway HOTEL . the sign be sway and blink as the gust hit it . Fred pull in and stop under the sign and stare at it . he get out of the car , tuck the pistol in he belt under he shirt and enter the hotel , which be a old two -story building . CUT to : int . lost highway HOTEL - office - night Fred walk up to the registration desk , where a clerk be smile at he in a half - baked way . clerk you just get in before the big storm hit . Fred pull the roll of bill from he pocket . fred I need a room . CUT to : int . lost highway HOTEL - upstair hallway - night the hallway be strangely similar to Pete 's vision upstairs at Andy 's . Fred come to the door numbered 25 , look at he key which say " 25 " and unlock the door and enter . CUT to : int . lost highway HOTEL - room 25 - night Fred take the revolver out of he shirt and put it under the pillow on the bed . he sit on the edge of the bed . he take a cigarette from a pack in he shirt pocket and light it with a match from a book of " lose highway Hotel " match . Fred smoke the cigarette , listen to the wind blow . lightn crack outside the window . Fred crush the cigarette out in the ashtray on the bedside table . as the last of the blue smoke drift away , Fred fall back on the bed . Fred close he eye . fade out : fade in : int . lost highway HOTEL - corridor - night the camera move in on the door numbered 26 . CUT to : int . lost highway HOTEL - room 26 - night Renee be in bed with Mr. eddy / Laurent . he and Renee be feverishly make love as the storm rage outside . dissolve to : int . andy'' house - night a criminal investigation be under way . Ed and Al be present , among a fleet of law enforcement personnel who be busy dusting for fingerprint and examine the murder site . ed hey , Al , look at this . Al walk over to where Ed be look at the photo on the wall . Al look at it . al it 's she , all right . Fred madison 's wife ... with Dick Laurent and Mr. dent - head over there . close up on the photograph - that show renee as the only woman in the picture , stand between Andy and Mr. eddy / Laurent . al we have get Pete dayton 's print all over this place . ed you know what I think ? al what 's that , Ed ? ed there 's no such thing as a bad coincidence . CUT to : int . lost highway HOTEL - room 26 - pre-dawn Renee be sit half dress on the edge of the bed , pull on she stocking . Mr. eddy / Laurent be asleep next to she . Renee stand up , finish dress , then lean down and kiss she lover while he sleep . Renee leave the room , close the door as quietly as possible behind she . as the door click , Mr. eddy / Laurent wake up . he sit up and get a pack of cigarettes from the bedside table , shake one out , light it with a book of " lose highway Hotel " match , and smoke it while seat on the edge of the bed . CUT to : int . lost highway HOTEL - room 25 - pre-dawn Fred , still fully dress , be waking up , as if in a trance - the same attitude he have on the videotape . he strain upwards and look eerily around the room . he get up and cross slowly to a window . he take the edge of the window curtain and pull it back . the view be of the gravel parking lot of the hotel . Fred 's Pov : he see Renee , down below , walk over to a car , get in and drive away . Fred walk back to he bed , pick up he revolver from under the pillow , cross the room to the door and walk out . CUT to : int . lost highway HOTEL - corridor - pre-dawn Fred cross over to room 26 and knock softly on the door . CUT to : int . lost highway HOTEL - room 26 - pre-dawn Mr. eddy / Laurent be stand - almost dress , when he hear the knock . mr. eddy / laurent Renee ? he go to the door and open it a crack . as the door open , Fred smashes the gun into Mr. eddy / Laurent 's face and push he way inside the room . Fred hit Mr. eddy / Laurent viciously again with the gun barrel . Mr. eddy / Laurent be bleed profusely from gashes on he forehead and nose . mr. eddy / laurent what the fuck ? what 's go on ? fred ( point the gun at he ) you be come with I . Fred put the pistol up against Mr. eddy / Laurent 's head and march he out of the room - past the camera 's eye . the camera stay in the room and move slowly toward the window , through which we see Fred and Mr. eddy / Laurent appear down below in the back lot . still watch out the window , the camera see Fred knock Mr. eddy / Laurent over the head with the gun butt and put he into the trunk of a car . Fred slam the trunk lid and climb into the driver 's side of what be obviously Mr. eddy / Laurent 's car - the mercede 600 pullman . as Fred drive away , a hand appear in we window foreground . the hand move the window curtain further to one side . the camera pull back to reveal it as the hand of the mystery man . the mystery man lean fully into the frame and watch Fred drive off down the lose highway as day break . CUT to : ext . desert highway - daybreak Fred be drive along the road . suddenly he pull the car off the road and drive over the dirt and brush to a desert spot , stop and get out . Fred open the trunk . when he do ... suddenly , Mr. eddy / Laurent charge up and attack Fred - knock they both to the ground . Mr. eddy / Laurent try to strangle Fred , but Fred 's anger be too great . Fred tear loose and get Mr. eddy / Laurent in a hold bend he head back . Fred 's hand reach out behind he - feel , search . a knife appear . it come into Fred 's hand from another . Fred slice Mr. eddy / Laurent 's throat , and throw he down . Mr. eddy / Laurent squirm on the ground - he hand grasp around he throat - try to hold he neck together . blood be flow rapidly through he finger and over the front of he as be turn and open he mouth with a gurgle sound . Fred stand , face he , he pistol out now - point right at Mr. eddy / Laurent 's forehead . close up on mr. eddy / laurent - he lift he head and stare at Fred . blood be rush out of he . mr. eddy / laurent ( wet and jag ) what do you guy want ? the camera pan around to Fred - we see that the mystery man be stand beside Fred , and it be the mystery man who be hold the gun , not Fred . the mystery man reach into he pocket and pull out a little watchman tv . he turn it on and hand it over to Mr. eddy / Laurent , who manage to take it . Mr. eddy / Laurent look down at the small television screen . Mr. eddy / Laurent 's Pov : as he watch the tv screen , we move in until the screen fill the frame - as with the former videotape . the full frame of the tv screen reveal - int . andy'' house - live room - night we see the movie screen on a wall in Andy 's live room . marian , raquel and renee's image be be project on this screen , simultaneously involved in pornographic act with two man . watch this movie in Andy 's live room be several people in shadow behind the light of the projector . among they we see renee and mr. eddy / laurent stand next to andy . Mr. eddy / Laurent and Renee be hot - kissing - he hand be up under she skirt . they be watch the porno film . they be watch murky image of sex turn to violence . in a close up we see Renee and Mr. eddy / Laurent in the shadow look out at the film , both half - smile , stone , arouse . the image on the watchman change now . ext . desert - daybreak on the watchman tv screen Mr. eddy / Laurent see a image of Fred and the mystery man stare at he . the mystery man 's image speak . mystery man ( on tv screen ) now you can hand it back to I . Mr. eddy / Laurent see the mystery man 's image reach out a hand . Mr. eddy / Laurent look up . the mystery man have he arm outstretch just as it be on the video image . Mr. eddy / Laurent hand the watchman back , and lock eye with the mystery man . mr. eddy / laurent ( wet and jag ) you and I , mister , we can really out - ugly the sumbitch , can not we ? the mystery man unload the pistol into Mr. eddy / Laurent , who jerk and die in the dust . the mystery man then lean close to Fred and whisper in he ear . the camera move in , past the mystery man to a close up of fred' eye as he listen . the camera cut back wide to reveal Fred hold the gun . he be stand alone - there be no mystery man . Fred turn to go back to the car . CUT to : ext . the madison house - driveway - early morning Fred drive up to he house in Mr. eddy / Laurent 's mercede 600 pullman and stop in front . he get out of the car , go to the front door and ring the doorbell . there be a beep sound . fred ( into intercom ) Dick Laurent be dead . CUT to : ext . the madison house - STREET - early morning as Fred finish this sentence we see the cop car contain Ed and Al pull in to the curb just up the street from Fred and Renee 's house . CUT to : ext . the madison house - driveway - early morning Fred turn and see the cop car . he jump in he car , fire it up , and peel out . the cop give chase . CUT to : ext . desert highway - day Fred be behind the wheel of he car . behind he be the cop . close up on fred be face - through the front windshield . the shot be wide enough to reveal the cop car in hot pursuit . Fred 's face begin to change again , grotesquely contort as he race into the vortex . his torment scream blend with the howling siren of the police car gain on he . the end