lost horizon written by Robert previous hit riskin base on the novel by James Hilton fade in [ 1 ] over the title we see superimposed the snow - cap mountain lead to shangri-la . close - up of a impressive - look book . the cover open and the page turn . the first page read : in this day of war and rumor of war - have not you ever dream of a place where there be peace and security , where live be not a struggle but a last delight ? the second page read : of course you have . so have every man since time begin . always the same dream . sometimes he call it utopia - sometimes the Fountain of youth - sometimes merely " that little chicken farm . " the third page read : one man have such a dream and see it come true . he be Robert conway - England 's " man of the East " - soldier , diplomat , public hero '' the fourth page read : we story start in the war-torn chinese city of baskul , where Robert conway have be send to evacuate ninety white people before they be butcher in a local revolution . the fifth and final page read : baskul - the night of March 10 , 1935 . dissolve to : ext . baskul flying field - night 1 . long shot the field be aflare with floodlight - on one side be a office building - on the other be hangar . the whole field be fill with chinese refugee run around wildly . a Army transport be in front of the office building , motor go . 2 . reverse shot show in the distance , probably several mile away , the effect of a burn city , which be baskul . over the shot we hear the steady boom - boom of gunfire . in the f.g. , we see the silhouett figure of chinese run away from baskul and toward the camera , they personal pack on they back . 3 . mo . close shot toward office building . conway come out of the building , follow by a small group of white people with frighten face . they have to fight they way through a horde of milling chinese . 4 . medium shot as conway and group finally reach the plane where conway force the white people in . in this he be aid by he brother , George , a young and vigorous englishman . the pilot stick he head out of the cockpit . ? 472 ? pilot conway , we can not take more than seven ! conway pull a passenger out and give the pilot a signal to start . conway ( to passenger ) all right . I be sorry . there will be another plane in a minute . all right - go on . 5 . long shot Motors roar , and the plane start to move , scatter that of the chinese who be unfortunately too close to the ship . conway and George rush back into the office building . int . large office room 6 . full shot there be about thirty white refugee , man , woman and several child . they all lift they panicky face to conway and George as they enter . a barrage of question be flung at they . ad - lib be there any more plane ? do you think the bandit will come here ? please take my wife next , Mr. conway ! conway wait , wait ! everybody , wait ! there be plenty of plane come . now everybody have patience . everything will be all right . he cross to a back room . GEORGE you have nothing to worry about . leave everything to my brother . int . radio room 7 . medium shot as conway enter to speak to operator . radio operator yes , sir - with seven passenger aboard . radio speaker Seven passenger ? good . conway get I shanghai . operator I be talk to they now , sir . conway hello ? hello ? radio speaker hello . hello . conway ( into mike ) conway speak . be Colonel marsh there ? ? 473 ? colonel' voice right here , conway . go ahead . 8 . close shot as conway continue into mike . conway Colonel , I need more plane . I have still about twenty people to get out . where be that plane you promise we ? colonel' voice we send everything we could find , conway . conway they better get here soon or I can not be responsible '' 9 . wider angle as George rush in . GEORGE Bob ! I think I hear motor ! conway ( listen - then into mike ) Colonel , wait a minute , they may be here now ! ( to George ) say George , get down on that field and guide that plane in when they get here . GEORGE yes . he start for the door . conway and be sure that none of the native get in . GEORGE ( exite ) yes . conway hello ? Colonel ? colonel' voice hello , conway . yes ? conway thanks - and take care of that liver of yours . colonel' voice oh , ho - my word ! int . office room 10 . full shot as conway enter . conway all right , get ready everybody . the plane be here . the people crowd around he plead for priority . ? 474 ? conway one at a time . Children first . where be they ? come on now , and stand over here . a woman push some child forward . conway where 's the mother ? priest ( stand nearby ) they be orphan , Mr. conway . conway I see . all right . ( direct people aside - pull out a old lady ) well , you come - right over here - and you , and you '' ( look off scene ) —come on— old man what about we , Mr. conway ? conway gentlemen , please wait you turn . 11 . close shot a girl slouched in a corner . we meet gloria Stone , a surly , wan-look prostitute . gloria you would better take some of that squealing man with you first . they might faint on you . I will wait . 12 . close shot - conway something of a smile cross he face . conway just as you say ! just then , a terrific explosion be hear in the distance . 13 . full shot all the light go out . everybody start scream . conway ( sharply ) whoa ! do not lose you head now - I will see what it be . he dash out . ext . office build 14 . close shot at door conway rush out , meet George come back . GEORGE the power house - they have blow it up ! the plane can not land without light . ? 475 ? conway ( think fast ) come on ! we will burn the hangar . that will make light for they ! he grab a lantern and dash off . 15 . medium shot as they run through the scream mob toward the hangar . interior hangar 16 . full shot it be fill with chinese refugee cling to they household goods . conway and George enter . conway speak to they in chinese , order they out . some hesitate , and they have to push the terror-stricken wait cooly out . when they have all leave , conway open the spigot of several gasoline tank , wait for the fuel to spill on the ground , then toss a lantern on the fuel , ignite a blaze . at the same moment , he and George dash for the door . exterior field 17 . long shot conway and George rush out of hangar . when they be at a fairly safe distance , the building burst into flame . dissolve to : 18 . long shot against a background of the burn hangar , a plane be just leave the ground , as another one be landing . 19 . medium shot of conway , signal . conway all right , go ahead ! ( to George ) we go on to the next plane . bring out any people that be leave . GEORGE right , bob. 20 . reverse angle - long shot shoot toward the burn city of baskul in the distance . we see the bandit come , flash bayonet , in pursuit of scream refugee . 21 . mo . shot front of office build conway emerge , follow by gloria , and a american , barnard . camera follows they to the ship just as the pilot , fenner , be climb down from cockpit . conway hello , fenner . fenner ( broad grin ) hello , conway . have a little trouble ? ? 476 ? conway you never mind I . get this gadget off the ground . George be push off chinese . GEORGE Bob , this be all that be leave . conway ( to George ) come on ! Quick ! this way . 22 . mo . shot at plane when conway and other approach , George help gloria Stone up , while conway face the mob , punch at that who try to wedge they way forward . finally one of they manage to get he foot on the step , and conway push he violently . 23 . close shot - man who stagger back and fall , sprawling . as he hit the ground , he yell : man you can not leave I here , you blighter . [ 2 ] I be a british subject ! we meet Alexander P. lovett . 24 . medium shot conway look he surprise and lift he off the ground . 25 . close shot - a chinaman glaring off toward conway , pick up a board and start toward conway . 26 . mo . close shot entrance to ship George emerge in time to see the chinese lift the board and about to clout conway on the head . George move quickly , put out he leave hand , ward off the blow and with he right he punch the chinese , who reel out of the scene . GEORGE look out , Bob ! 27 . medium shot a shadowy figure materialize in the cockpit , and club fenner from behind . he shove fenner aside and take he place . 28 . medium shot conway push George up and start to mount himself . he look off - and what he see startles he . conway ( yell off ) all right , fenner ! go ahead ! ? 477 ? 29 . long shot of what conway see . several truck load with bandit - in makeshift uniform - come tear up the road - come to a stop . some fire toward plane - other be set up machine gun . drove of refugee scramble to cover . int . plane 30 . full shot already present be barnard , a american ; gloria Stone , the prostitute ; and lovett , whom we see dress as a chinese . conway slam the door shut - look off - then cry : conway get down on the floor , everybody . go ahead , fenner ! they all fall on they face . GEORGE fenner , let 's go ! 31 . mo . close shot of the new pilot set the control and lift the plane into flight . ext . field 32 . long shot as the plane swing around - taxie crazily - and leave the ground , accompany by gunfire of the bandit . int . plane 33 . full shot the occupant be still on the floor . conway rise and glance out of a window , warily . conway ( mumble ) well , I guess we be out of range . ( to other ) everybody all right ? there be murmur of " yes " - " I be all right " - as they raise themselves . GEORGE whew ! that be close . 34 . medium shot conway start for the back seat and suddenly see lovett . conway where do you come from ? lovett I be Alexander P. lovett , sir . conway why be not you register through we office ? ? 478 ? GEORGE ( chime in ) it would serve you right if you be leave behind . lovett ( high - pitch voice ) how could I know that a war be go to break out right over my head ! ( a grave injustice ) right over my head . oh , my word ! I tell you , that chinese be pounce on I from every direction . I have to get into this ridiculous clothes in order to escape . conway where be you hide ? lovett hiding ? oh , no . hunting - I be in the interior - hunt fossil . this morning I look up suddenly '' conway I know - and a war break out right over you head . GEORGE the next time you be in wild country like this , keep in touch with the british consul . conway aha - very good , freshie . [ 3 ] very good . you would better put he name on the list and make out a report later . he proceed to the back seat . barnard , the american , who be in front of lovett , lean over toward he . 35 . mo . close shot - the two barnard and lovett . barnard I beg you pardon , brother . what do you say you be hunt ? lovett fossils . barnard fossils , huh ? lovett I be a paleontologist . barnard ( blankly ) a what ? lovett a paleontologist . ? 479 ? barnard oh , I see . lovett produce a small box clutch under he arm . lovett I have here a discovery that will startle the world . it 's the vertebrae from the lumbar of a megatherium , [ 4 ] find in Asia . barnard well , what do you know about that ! lovett found in Asia ! barnard uh-huh . lovett when I get home I shall probably be knight for it . barnard knighted ! you do not say . do you mind if I take a look at it ? lovett ( proudly ) not at all . he lift the lid and barnard peek inside . insert : of BOX wrapped carefully in absorbent cotton be something that resemble a dry chicken bone . back to scene : barnard reach for the box , but lovett pull it away from he . barnard sorry . lovett this be the only thing I be able to save when that heathen surround I . barnard ( he be allow to take it out and examine it - unimpress ) uh-huh . lovett you see , from this vertebrae I shall be able to reconstruct the entire skeleton . barnard wait a minute , you expect to be knight for find that soupbone ? lovett it be the vertebrae of a megatherium - find in Asia . ? 480 ? barnard yeah , I remember . you say that before . lovett Sir Henry derwent be knight , and he never get beyond the mesozoic era . barnard stare at lovett unbelievingly . barnard ah , poor fellow . lovett glare at he resentfully , and snap the lid shut on he box . lovett yes , it just show '' ( take offense ) I do not know why I be talk to you . I do not know you . who be you ? barnard ( turn away ) okay , brother . lovett do not call I brother . barnard okay , sister . ( chuckle to himself ) no offense . no offense ! 36 . close shot - gloria and barnard gloria sit slump in she seat , look glumly out . barnard glance at she curiously . finally he make a friendly overture . barnard cigarette ? gloria turn she head , survey barnard coldly , and without respond , turn back . barnard I say , will you have a cigarette ? gloria no . barnard ( unabash ) say , you be a american , be not you ? gloria ( irascibly ) say , listen - will you go and annoy the rest of you playmate ? let I alone ! he shrug he shoulder and slide back into he seat . ? 481 ? 37 . full shot all be silent for a moment . conway be write on a small pad - which he rest on a uplift knee . George be rummage through a closet - rear of the cabin . 38 . mo . shot - GEORGE and conway conway still write , undisturbed . George reach into the closet and emerge with a bottle of whiskey . his face light up . GEORGE ( hold up bottle ) hello ! look what I find ! he cross to conway . GEORGE just what I need too . conway ( look up - smile ) you ? GEORGE just this once , Bob . I feel like celebrate . just think of it , Bob - a cruiser send to shanghai just to take you back to England . you know what it mean . ( hand he cup ) here you be . do not bother about that cable now . I want you to drink with I . ( hold he cup up ) gentlemen , I give you Robert conway - England 's new foreign Secretary . conway watch he , amused . George gulp down he drink . conway ( after a slight hesitation - down he drink ) hurray ! GEORGE how I be go to bask in reflect glory ! ( dreamily ) people be go to point to I and say , " there go George conway - brother of the foreign Secretary . " conway do not talk nonsense . give I the bottle . conway take the bottle from he and pour himself a second drink . GEORGE that 's why they be send for you , Bob . with all this foreign entanglement , it be bound to happen . they need you . conway , with a pour drink in hand , laugh . GEORGE all right , you can laugh if you want to . but who else can they get ? who else be there in all of England half the fighter , half the diplomat , who ? 482 ? have half you knowledge of the foreign situation ? they can not stop you now , Bob . conway moodily pour himself a third . he downs the drink as we dissolve to : int . plane 39 . close shot of conway we find conway , asleep in he seat , he head on he hand . George approach and tenderly spread a jacket over he shoulder . conway stir , open a eye . conway ( drunkenly ) hello , freshie . do you make that report out yet ? GEORGE yes , Bob . conway do you say we save ninety white people ? GEORGE yes . conway hurray for we . do you say that we leave ten thousand native down there to be annihilate ? no , you would not say that . they do not count . GEORGE you would better try to get some sleep , Bob . conway just you wait until I be foreign Secretary . can not you just see I , freshie , with all that other shrewd , little foreign secretaries ? ( confidentially - screw up face ) you see , the trick be to see who can out - talk the other . everybody want something for nothing , and if you can not get it with smooth talk , you send a army in . I be go to fool they , freshie . I be not go to have a army . I be go to disband mine . I be go to sink my battleship - I be go to destroy every piece of warcraft . then when the enemy approach we will say , " come in , gentleman - what can we do for you ? " so then the poor enemy soldier will stop and think . and what will they think , freshie ? they will think to themselves - " something 's wrong here . we have be dupe . this be not accord to form . this people seem to be quite friendly , and why should we shoot they ? " then they will lay down they arm . you see how simple the whole thing be ? Centuries of tradition kick right in the pants '' ( pause - drily ) —and I will be slap straight into the nearest insane asylum . he start to pour himself another drink . ? 483 ? GEORGE you would better not drink any more , Bob . you be not talk sense . conway downs the drink , and then chuckle cynically . conway do not worry , George . nothing 's go to happen . I will fall right into line . I will be the good little boy that everybody want I to be . I will be the best little foreign Secretary we ever have , just because I have not the nerve to be anything else . GEORGE do try to sleep , Bob . conway huh ? oh , sure , freshie . good thing , sleep . he grunt and squirm . George tuck he in . conway do you ever notice the sunrise in China , George ? ah , you should . it 's beautiful . he get settle . George relax and , lean back , shut he eye . 40 . long shot of cabin it be quiet . all be asleep . camera move forward slowly until it reach the glass panel lead to the cockpit . the pilot 's face turn . instead of fenner we see a strange , mongolian face - with sharp , pierce eye . a half - smile play across he mouth . ext . shot of plane 41 . long shot of plane Flying at high speed against a moonlit sky . we stay on the shot until it vanish , a mere speck , over the horizon . dissolve to : ext . shot - dawn 42 . long shot the morning sun peek over a mountain top . from the same direction , as if arrive with the sun , the ship loom up , and come roaring toward we . int . plane 43 . full shot all be asleep except lovett , who fidget on he seat . then barnard stir - open he eye - and stretch . as he do so , he see that lovett be awake . barnard good morning , lovey . lovett I beg you pardon . barnard I say , good morning , lovey . ? 484 ? lovett good morning '' ( catch himself ) look here , young man . barnard eh ? lovett I do not care for ' sister ' last night , and I do not like ' lovey ' this morning . my name be lovett - Alexander , p . barnard I see . lovett I see . barnard well , it 's a good morning , anyway . lovett I be never conversational before I coffee . barnard glance out of the window , look around outside thoughtfully . barnard wait a minute . be it a good morning ? say , we be suppose to be travel east , be not we ? lovett why , of course . yes . barnard well , it look to I as if we be travel west . lovett that 's ridiculous . barnard be it ? lovett it certainly be . barnard look here '' lovett any child know how to tell direction . any child . I do not care where the child be - in the air , on the earth , or in the sea . if you face the rise sun , you right hand be the north , and you leave hand be the south '' barnard I always get it twisted because I be left-handed . lovett oh , really ? ? 485 ? barnard yes . lovett well , you just reverse it . you leave hand be '' ( try to explain - get confuse and irritate ) what difference do it make what ' hand ' you be ? the north be the north ! barnard uh-huh . all I know be - the sun rise in the east , and we be go away from it . lovett now you be irritate and absurd ! 44 . close shot - lovett as he sulk by himself , look around - locate the sun in back of he - smile - satisfied he 's right , throw a condescending glance over at barnard - then suddenly he face cloud - the whole thing dawns on he . lovett ( jump up shriek ) oh , my word - of course - yes . Boy ! Boy , we be travel in the wrong direction ! wake up ! we be go in the wrong direction ! 45 . full shot conway be still asleep . GEORGE ( concerned for conway ) could not you arrange to make a little less noise ? lovett I tell you , we be go west , and shanghai be east of here ! GEORGE be quiet ! fenner 's the best pilot in China . he know what he 's do . lovett ( not quite reassure ) it 's fenner . barnard he might have lose he way . lovett of course . that 's what I tell they last night . you can not expect a man to sail around in the dark . [ 5 ] during this George have be look around - he rise . GEORGE all right , all right . calm yourself . I will talk to fenner . ? 486 ? he cross to panel lead to cockpit , camera following he . when he get there he knock on the window . GEORGE fenner ! I - I say— George knock again . from the cockpit side - the small shade suddenly snap up - and George find himself stare into the face of the mysterious pilot . he take a instinctive step backward . the pilot turn he head . camera angle widen as George keep back up until he get to conway . George turn to conway and shake he shoulder . GEORGE bob! Bob ! conway stir in he sleep , slowly open he eye , yawn and stretch . throughout it , George speak . GEORGE wake up ! something 's happen ! it be not fenner in the cockpit ! conway look at he , glance off toward the other , and back at George . conway ( dismiss he with a gesture ) oh , stop it ! GEORGE the bloke up there look a chinese , or a mongolian , or something . barnard we be nowhere near shanghai . we be go in the opposite direction . this interest conway and he look out of the window . conway we be over the desert . that 's funny . then rise , he cross to cockpit . the other watch he expectantly . 46 . group shot - around cockpit conway pound on the panel . the face of the pilot appear in sight . conway try to ask he something in chinese . the pilot glare at they for a second , then a gun be shove out at they . instinctively they back away . conway charm chap . barnard ( not be funny ) Nice puss to meet in a dark alley . the ship lurch - and they be throw off balance . the panel have be snap shut . ? 487 ? conway well , that 's that , I guess . barnard wonder what 's happen to fenner . lovett yes . and who be he ? how would he get there ? barnard do you suppose we stop someplace during the night and change pilot ? conway no . that 's not possible ! if we have land , we all would have be awaken . lovett of course . we never leave the air . I know - I do not sleep the whole night long . conway ( with finality ) that fellow get on at baskul . lovett what 's he do ? where 's he take we ? he may be a maniac for all we know . George , who have disappear during the above , now return , with a monkey wrench in he hand . conway stop he . conway George , what be you go to do ? GEORGE I be go to drag he out and force he to tell we what he game be . lovett good . conway what if he refuse ? lovett we will smash he face in . that 's what we will do . conway brilliant ! ( a sweeping gesture ) can anyone here fly a plane ? there be a general chorus of " no— not I , " etc . conway ( take wrench from George 's hand ) well , George , that 's no good . conway throw the monkey wrench into a corner . ? 488 ? conway I guess we be in for it . lovett in for what ? conway I do not know . he must have have some purpose in take the plane away from fenner . ( start for he seat ) when he land , we will find out . lovett you mean to tell I you be not go to do anything until we land ? conway what do you suggest ? lovett why , you - you '' look here - he may dash we to piece ! conway it might afford you a great deal of relief . ( sit ) now gentleman , I be go back to sleep . oh , and I be have such a peaceful dream . ( curling up ) as soon as he land , let I know . he shut he eye and lean back . the other watch he for a second - and wander back to they seat . 47 . close shot - gloria and barnard gloria be apparently indifferent to they predicament . as barnard watch she , a little bitter smile play around she mouth . 48 . close shot - GEORGE he stare out of the window and be suddenly startle . ext . shot of plane 49 . long shot of the plane with its nose turn downward in a sharp descent . int . cabin of plane 50 . medium shot George be on he foot . GEORGE ( excited ) we be head down ! we be go to land ! everyone look out . George rush to conway and nudge he . GEORGE ( breathlessly ) Bob , we be landing ! ( point out ) Bob , we be come to a village ! conway sit up and look out . ? 489 ? ext . shot of plane 51 . medium shot plane start toward ground . all we can see be mountain top . int . plane 52 . medium shot they all stare out of the window . conway peer intently . dissolve to : ext . shot from airplane 53 . long shot from angle in cabin of plane . through the window , directly below we see a large open space at the foot of the hill . the plane be head for it . 54 . long shot we see a swarm of strange - look native , scantily attire , but bear bayonet , run toward the plane . int . plane 55 . medium close shot of George and conway , as the ship hit the ground , bounce and sway perilously . ext . mountainous country 56 . medium shot as the plane taxie across the uninhabited space . interior plane 57 . mo . close shot at door conway and George ready to get out . as conway turn to open the door , he look off and be startle by something he see . George follow he gaze , and a bewilder expression come into he eye , too . exterior of plane 58 . long shot shoot through door . the strange- look native have surround the plane and be close in . interior plane 59 . medium shot conway and George both instinctively wheel around toward the opposite side . but from that direction too , a horde of native dash toward they . conway hesitates a second , and like a flash spring for the door . but he stop again , as he open the door . exterior of plane 60 . medium shot to include door of plane . conway find himself stare into the threaten mouth of half a dozen rifle , and quickly shut the door . GEORGE what be this people ? conway I do not know . I can not get the dialect . ? 490 ? exterior of plane 61 . medium shot through window we see the pilot and several native in single file as they come toward the plane , bucket in hand . in b.g. , one of they lower a bucket into a well in the ground . GEORGE look - they be load up with gasoline . exterior of plane 62 . several shot the gas be be load . native on horseback dash back and forth shouting and signal . camel can be glimpse among the horse . there be tremendous disorder and commotion . 63 . long shot the ship leave the ground . the native stand around , curiously watch . interior plane 64 . medium shot conway be pace . the occupant sit by they open window . conway imagine have all that fuel there , wait for we ! ( he sit down ) George , something tell I we journey be just beginning . lovett where be we go ? huh ? barnard ( point ) if you ask I , we be head straight for that mountain . exterior shot 65 . long shot we see the plane against the sky . in the b.g. , there be nothing but snow - cover mountain . dissolve to : insert : a sign read " shanghai Municipal Airport . " int . airport 66 . medium close shot a chinese officer be on the phone . chinese officer a Douglas plane [ 6 ] from baskul with conway and four other aboard be miss . unreport between here and baskul . quick shot of : a switchboard operator besiege by call . a telegraph secretary furiously type . newspaper be run off a press . ? 491 ? int . foreign office 67 . close shot of a high official of the british foreign Office . high official ( hold forth to he secretary ) make it very emphatic that his majesty 's government will hold the chinese government and all chinese governor of chinese province responsible for the complete safety of Robert conway . the camera pull back to reveal other foreign department official and functionary arrive in the midst of he speech . high official good morning , gentleman . functionaries ( ad-lib ) good morning , etc . official no news yet , sir ? high official it 's fantastic . the plane could not disappear into thin air . ( turn to secretary of the group ) and cable Lord gainsford at shanghai . leave no stone unturned to find conway . ( turn back to foreign official ) and Robertson ? robertson yes , sir ? high official better get a postponement of the Far East conference . we can not afford to meet that nation without conway . int . plane 68 . mo . shot the occupant be hunch up in the corner of they seat . what little clothes they have , and what few blanket , be bundle around they . all the window be shut . insert : altometer registering a height of 10,000 foot . 69 . full shot there be silence for a moment before barnard speak . barnard it can not be kidnap . they would not be take we so far on such a dangerous trip . no sense to it . no one respond to he speculation and he lapse into silence . ? 492 ? 70 . mo . shot to include George , conway and lovett . GEORGE what do you make of it , Bob ? you must have some idea ? conway shrug . conway huh ? I give it up . but this not know where you be go be exciting anyway . lovett well , Mr. conway , for a man who be suppose to be a leader , you do - nothing attitude be very disappoint . GEORGE what do you want he to do ? lovett I do not know . I be a paleontologist , not a foreign Secretary . lovett slip back into he corner and pull he coat over he face . insert : of altometer registering above 10,000 foot . we stay on it as it climb and climb to 15,000 foot . ext . mountainous country 71 . show the plane high over mountain peak . dissolve to : ext . shot of plane - night 72 . long shot against a moonlit sky , we see a lone speck - the plane as it fly high above the mountain . it appear to be travel through endless space . int . plane 73 . mo . shot the atmosphere be pervade with a feel of utter futility . the occupant be still slump in the corner of they seat . 74 . close shot - gloria and barnard gloria have a fit of cough . she grab she throat - as she gasp for breath . barnard , himself feeble and exhaust , glance over at she sympathetically . 75 . wider shot include lovett , George , and conway . lovett sit with he chin helplessly on he chest , he mouth ludicrously open , he eye pop . George , he tooth clench , struggle against a desire to sob . conway look at he feelingly . 76 . close shot - GEORGE and conway conway 's eye never leave George , who finally unable to control himself , emit a sob - and rather ashamed , slap he hand over he mouth and turn away . ? 493 ? conway oh George , come on . GEORGE ( suddenly - tensely ) it 's not know that 's so awful , Bob . not know where you be go , or why , or what 's wait when you get there . George , with a effort , stifles another outbreak . conway we get above that storm . insert : of altometer at 20,000 foot - and while we stay on it - keep mount . interior cabin 77 . full shot deathly silence . gloria have she hand to she ear , rock in pain . suddenly she voice rent the air . gloria oh ! oh ! I can not stand it any longer ! she jump up and move about frantically . gloria ( scream ) take we down ! I can not stand this pain any longer ! let I out of here I say ! I can not stand it any longer ! she run to one of the ship 's door and pound on it with she fist , then try to shove it open . a blast of frigid air throw she back . George and conway manage to pry she off and pull she away . sob pitifully , she let conway steer she back to she seat , where she bundle up in torturous pain . for a moment nothing be hear but she stifle moan . barnard take it easy , sister . unexpectedly the cockpit panel open , and the pilot toss something out in gloria 's direction . conway ( grab for it ) it 's oxygen ! ( he rig it up for she ) now take it with you tooth . that 's right - bite . gloria ( struggle ) let I alone . conway now , now . come on now . that 's right . now , bite . she resume she sobbing quietly . ? 494 ? dissolve to : ext . plane 78 . long shot of the plane at twilight , fade into deep night . int . plane 79 . full shot of the cabin at night , everyone freeze in despair . all of a sudden there be a loud , sputtering noise from the outside . they all react - listen for a moment - until the noise die completely . now nothing be hear - not even the motor . ad - lib ( break the silence ) what 's that ! what 's happen ? conway ( immediately on he foot ) he must have run out of fuel . barnard look ! look down there ! ext . plane 80 . long shot the plane gradually tilting downward . int . plane 81 . full shot the ship sway several second and finally rights itself . ext . plane 82 . long shot of what they see from plane . vast snow - cover mountain peak , with no sign of a stretch big enough to land . 83 . long shot the plane sway perilously in the cross wind . interior plane 84 . medium shot they be all silent - wait prayerfully . conway turn to the other - he voice electric with authority . conway George - everybody - better get back towards the tail ! he may nose she over . into the corner , quick ! George - cushion , blanket ! they obey he command . exterior shot of plane 85 . long shot we see the plane near the ground , sailing over some smaller hill . interior plane 86 . mo . close shot with conway in front of they , the other be crouching in the corner . there be ad-lib of fearful assurance while they hand around cushion and blanket . ? 495 ? exterior shot of plane 87 . long shot just as the ship hit the ground for the first time . interior plane 88 . mo . close shot the occupant brace themselves for the jolt . the ship hit and bounce several time and finally stop . its nose seem to bury itself in the ground . the people be lift high into the air where they remain , suspend for a few second , terror-stricken . then , accompany by grind , crackle sound , the ship flop back and fall on its side . for a moment there be stark silence - while the people do not stir . a look of relief spread over they face . conway everybody all right ? the passenger offer daze reply : " okay - yeah - I think so . " meanwhile , conway have open the door . a swirl mass of snow greet they , so that they have to force they way out . exterior of plane 89 . medium shot George and conway fight they way down from the plane in the blind snow . George quickly run around to the other side . conway cross to the cockpit , and clamber aboard . 90 . close shot in the cockpit lit only by the dashboard light . conway stick he head in from the outside . his eye which have be flash with determination suddenly sober . camera pan over to pilot , who be slump over , he chin rest on he chest . 91 . medium close shot George pop into view on the opposite side , just as conway have find the pilot 's gun beside he on the seat . GEORGE what be it ? have he faint ? conway it look like it . ( sniff ) smell that fume ? conway hop up beside the pilot . George follow suit . conway ( hand gun to George ) here George , take the gun . hold the light . I be go to search he before he come to . ( while search ) we might find something interesting . ( find something ) hello - what 's this ? a map ! ( hand it to George ) he resume he search enthusiastically . suddenly he stop . the utter limpness of the pilot 's body give he pause . he lift up he chin , stare into he face - pull up he eyelid and then place a hand over he heart . he turn slowly toward George , who have be watch he brother intently . ? 496 ? conway he 's dead . GEORGE Dead ? George stare unbelievingly . conway it must have happen the moment he hit the ground . ( a pause ) let 's take a look at this map . conway hold the map under the dashboard light . he study it painstakingly , and he tense expression change to one of deep concern . George 's eye be glue on he . GEORGE what be it ? conway see that spot ? GEORGE yes . conway that 's where we be this morning . he have it mark . right on the border of tibet . here 's where civilization end . we must be a thousand mile beyond it - just a blank on the map . GEORGE ( afraid to ask ) what 's it mean ? conway it mean we be in unexplored country - country nobody ever reach . George stare at he , wide - eye , the gravity of they situation slowly penetrate he terrorize mind . conway 's thought be interrupt by a knock on the panel , and he look up . 92 . mo . close shot through glass panel we see the face of barnard and the other . we hear they voice inquire - " hey , conway , what 's happen ? " - " what 's up ? " - " where be we ? " - " what would you find out ? " 93 . close shot - conway and GEORGE conway turn to George . conway George , we chance of get out of this be pretty slim . but it 's up to we . ( a nod toward cabin ) we can not have three hysterical people on we hand . he enter the cabin through the cockpit . ? 497 ? int . cabin of plane 94 . medium shot as conway enter , he be meet by a volley of question . ad - lib what do you say ? what would you find out ? conway ( interrupt - cheerily ) everything 's all right . the pilot will not trouble we any more . he 's - he 's dead . this be meet by a series of exclamation . ad - lib Dead ? how do it happen ? conway probably a heart attack . barnard what be we go to do ? conway well , there 's nothing we can do until the morning . 95 . close shot take in George as he enter from cockpit . his terror-stricken eye look dully before he . he stop in the doorway . conway the storm will probably die down by then . my suggestion be that we better all try and get a good night 's rest . 96 . medium shot over the shoulder of gloria , barnard and lovett as they face conway , who sit down . GEORGE ( fiercely ) why do not you tell they the truth ? 97 . full shot they all wheel around and face George . GEORGE why do not you tell they we be a million mile from civilization , without a chance of get out of here alive ? it 's slow starvation - that 's what it be . it 's a slow , horrible death ! when the significance of this outburst finally sink into the chaotic mind of he listener , they turn to conway hopefully , certain he will refute it . but conway look beyond they at George . from he noncommittal silence , they realize that George 's statement be the truth . they slip into they seat . the place be heavy with a fatalistic silence . George slowly cross to he seat near conway , avoid he accuse eye . suddenly the air be rent with harsh , bitter laughter from gloria . they all look up . ? 498 ? gloria well , that 's perfect ! just perfect ! what a kick I be go to get out of this ! she emit another outburst of semi-hysterical laughter . 98 . close shot - group favore gloria . the bitterness of a lifetime in she voice . gloria ( grimly satisfied ) a year ago a doctor give I six month to live . that be a year ago ! I be already six month to the good . I be on velvet . [ 7 ] I have not get a thing to lose '' ( semi-hysterical ) but you ! - you , the noble animal of the human race , what a kick I be go to get out of watch you squirm for a change . ( she voice crack completely ) what a kick ! she flop into she seat and bury she head in she hand . for quite a while all we hear be she stifle sob . 99 . close shot - conway and GEORGE George throw sidelong glance at he brother , feel he guilt . 100 . full shot shoot from front of plane , take in entire cabin . the only sound that come in on the tragic quiet be the low moan of the wind outside . a feel of doom have descend upon the five people . fade out : fade in 101 . long shot shoot toward the mountain which seem to imprison the valley below . the snowstorm , treacherous in its fury , seem to threaten the valley with complete obliteration . 102 . medium shot of the plane , tilt over on its side . it be fully cover with snow . camera pan up to lovett and barnard , shiver in they blanket as they pace worriedly . interior of plane 103 . medium shot George and conway be miss . lovett turn from the window . lovett they have be go for three hour . the other appear disinterested in this observation . lovett Left we here to rot . that 's what they have do . heroes of the newspaper ! barnard all right , all right . keep quiet . lovett see something through the window . ? 499 ? exterior of plane 104 . medium shot - through window of plane George and conway be see walk briskly toward the plane , they few clothes a scant protection against the bite wind . interior plane 105 . full shot lovett here they come ! the other quickly glance up , just as conway and George clamber aboard . conway have a serious mien , but George be full of vigor and enthusiasm . GEORGE hello , everybody . he hold out he hat which he have be carry , bottom side up . GEORGE well , we find some food . barnard and lovett rush to he . GEORGE no chance of we starve now . when they see the content of he hat , they face fall . lovett what be it ? GEORGE Mountain grass . it 's good , too . here , have some . I have read of people last thirty day on this stuff . they grab handfuls . he go on : GEORGE listen , my brother and I have work out a plan . if we use we head , we should be able to keep alive for week , until he get back . lovett &amp ; barnard get back ? where 's he go ? GEORGE he do not know . but he 's start out right away in the direction of India . sooner or later he 's bound to run into somebody - a tribe or something . barnard yeah ? 106 . close shot - conway throughout the previous scene he have be busily occupy make preparation . out of the baggage hold he have bring some blanket and rope and have be wrapping he foot in they . as George speak , he look up and smile . ? 500 ? GEORGE now here 's the idea . we find a cave over by that small hill . after we bury the pilot , we be move in . we can have a fire there . I should not be surprised to see Bob back within a week . conway 's smile die on he face . we get a feel he be attempt a futile journey , and be fully aware of it . he resume the roping of he foot - he movement mechanical . 107 . mo . close shot - group barnard and lovett all attention as George speak . gloria , off to one side , have she eye peel on conway intently . 108 . close shot - gloria and conway gloria you have not get a chinaman 's chance [ 8 ] of get out of this country alive , and you know it . conway stare at she blankly . barnard cave , eh ? where ? GEORGE ( point ) over by that hill . barnard peer out the plane window . barnard hey - look ! GEORGE look , Bob ! 109 . full shot they all look up and glance out . exterior of plane 110 . long shot through window from they angle . in the distance , just appear over the top of a hill , we see a caravan of native approach . they be not close enough to distinguish who or what they be , but that they be human being be apparent . interior plane 111 . medium shot conway take in the unbelievable sight . we hear the exultant exclamation of the other . barnard and lovett start out of the plane . lovett ( look around ) where be they ? do you see they ? barnard yes ! lovett do you think they be cannibal ? ? 501 ? exterior of plane 112 . medium shot where George , lovett and barnard wait , a trifle awe-stricken . conway join they . gloria have stay inside . 113 . mo . long shot the approach of the caravan from the viewpoint of the group . it comprise some twenty tibetans , attire in sheepskin , fur , hat and boot . somewhere in the middle of the single file be chang , a elderly chinese . chang step forward as they leader . 114 . mo . shot ( moving ) as conway leave he group and meet the oncoming party . he approach chang and bow courteously , greet he in chinese . chang turn he head slowly and speak in perfect oxfordian English . chang I be from a nearby lamasery . ( hold out he hand ) my name be chang . 115 . medium shot George , barnard and lovett . GEORGE why , he 's speak English . lovett English ! conway ( shaking hand ) and mine 's conway . chang how do you do ? conway you have no idea , sir , how unexpected and very welcome you be . my friend and I - and the lady in the plane - leave baskul night before last for shanghai , but we suddenly find ourselves travel in the opposite direction '' lovett at the mercy of a mad pilot . conway we would be eternally grateful if you— chang ( interrupt ) where be you mad pilot ? conway he must have have a heart attack , or perhaps the fume . when the plane land he be dead . GEORGE we be just go to bury he when you come along . ? 502 ? chang ( preoccupy ) pardon mak chang turn to some of he man and issue a order in a foreign tongue , obviously instruction to take care of the pilot . conway ( when chang be through ) so , if you will be good enough to direct we to you lamasery '' 116 . mo . close shot - group favore chang . chang I shall consider it a honor to accompany you and you friend . he issue a command to he man and turn to conway . chang you will need suitable clothes for the journey . it be not particularly far , but quite difficult . conway thank you . several man have hop into the scene while he have be speak . they come forward with boot - sheepskin - fur cap , etc . as they start to get into this new clothes : dissolve to : 117 . long shot as the caravan start its journey back up the hill . all five people be now attire in they newly acquire outfit . 118 . series of shot show the party on various stage of what look like a humanly impossible journey . we see they first climb - then across long vastness of flat land . each succeed time we see they , they foot drag more wearily . they breathe become more difficult . this picture finally dissolve to : ext . narrow tableland 119 . mo . long shot halfway up a mountainside . the procession be just start around a hairpin curve . they be force to travel on a narrow ledge overlook a deep ravine . 120 . close shot - lovett , barnard and gloria as they cling against the rocky side and glance apprehensively down into the abyss below . 121 . close shot - gloria Close by to barnard . gloria 's face be want and haggard . every upward move seem to require a herculean effort . she stop and have a fit of cough . ? 503 ? dissolve to : ext . mountain trail 122 . long shot of the snake- like move party . they have reach quite a height although the peak of the mountain they be ascend tower high above they . the cut wind moan treacherously as it carom off the mountainside . a heavy mist envelop they . 123 . series of shot as the snake- like line approach a narrow , treacherous footbridge and make a slow , difficult crossing in heavy weather . ext . mountain top 124 . mo . shot of the group . they round a curve and come upon a narrow crevice which open up into a passageway . one by one they step through , assist by the native . on the other side , they sigh relievedly . oddly , the wind have stop , the chill have lessen . they look up to inspect they surroundings and a startle look come into they eye . 124 . mo . close shot of conway as he glance casually around . what he see leave he transfix . he stare unbelievingly before he for a long time . ext . shot of shangri - LA 125 . long shot from angle at mountain top . a sight that be both magnificent and incredible . the eye-fill horizon before they throw out a softness and a warmth that be breathless . on the leave be a group of color pavilion that seem as if suspend on the mountainside . down below , in the hazy distance , be a valley which give one the impression of a huge tapestry , superb in its blend of soft color . in every direction , wherever one might gaze , there be a feast of strange and heavenly beauty . 126 . mo . close shot as chang approach conway . chang welcome to shangri-la . ext . mountain top 127 . mo . shot - group conway 's group and chang . chang smile as he watch they astonished face . conway turn from the rare magnificence of shangri- La , unhamper by the wind and storm they have just encounter , and look backward , in the direction from which they come to assure himself he be the victim of a nightmare . chang , watch he , answer he before he can express he astonishment . chang ( a wave of he hand ) you see , we be shelter by mountain on every side . a strange phenomenon for which we be very grateful . ? 504 ? dissolve to : ext . a garden 128 . series of shot as the group approach the beautiful and peaceful shangri-la . 129 . mo . shot at the foot of a wide marble stairway as the caravan stop . lovett it 's magic ! 130 . closer shot on the group , as they look around and feast they eye on the grandeur of the place . 131 . close shot - conway glancing around at he picturesque surroundings . 132 . panning shot follow conway 's gaze . in a upper window of a tower , they face glue to the pane , be two robe lama who stare down curiously . camera pan over to a very narrow terrace cover almost completely by a floral arbor . in it stand a statuesque woman of rare beauty . she look down at conway intently . 133 . close shot - conway as he return she gaze , impressed by she beauty . george' voice come along , bob. come , Bob ? 134 . close shot - conway his eye still on the girl above . he start up the step , stare at she , then stumble . 135 . close shot - the girl laugh at he embarrassment . 136 . close shot - conway he smile up at she . dissolve to : int . a dine room 137 . full shot it suggest nothing we might expect to see in this forsaken place . the motif be neither Oriental nor religious - but rather a delicately appoint room , subdued in tone . at the moment , no one be present except servant who silently set the table . int . a corridor 138 . mo . trucking shot of lovett peer worriedly toward dining room door . he see two servant who flank the entrance and step back hesitantly . barnard emerge from a room across the hall , and lovett beckon to he . both be attire in flow robe not unlike the one wear by chang . lovett Mr. barnard , I do not like this place . I definitely do not like this place . ? 505 ? barnard will you stop squawk ! lovett look at I . look at what they give I to wear . barnard you never look better in you life . as soon as we clothes be clean , they be go to give they back to we , lovey . they have reach the doorway of the dining room and halt . two servant bow and scrape and lead they in . barnard something tell I this mean food . come on ! lovett I just feel as though I be be make ready for the executioner . int . dine room 139 . medium shot as the servant show lovett and barnard to they place . barnard ( take in the food ) yeah ? if this be execution , lead I to it . lovett that 's what they do with cattle just before the slaughter . fatten they . barnard uh-huh . you be a scream , lovey . lovett please do not call I lovey . at this moment conway and George enter . conway that be refresh ! oh , ho - the food look good ! he take something off the table and nibble at it . barnard some layout they get here . do you get a load of the room ? you could not do better at the ritz . lovett all the convenience for the condemn , if you ask I . conway look at he and smile . barnard do not mind lovey . he 's get the misery . lovett Mr. conway , I do not like this place . I do not like it . it 's too mysterious . ? 506 ? conway it 's better than freezing to death down below , be not it ? barnard I will say . int . gloria' room [ 9 ] 140 . full shot it be in semi-darkness . the moon send a stream of light through the window . outside we see the outline of tower mountain . spread across the bed - she clothes unchange - be the body of gloria - she face sink deep in the pillow . 141 . mo . close shot gloria emit wrack cough . after a few moment - she sit up . her cheek be wet - she hair dishevel - she eye bloodshot . we get a impression of someone who have suffer for hour . finally , she cough begin again - and unable to stand it , she rise and pace the floor - then she cross to the window and look down , camera panning with her - and into she eye have come a grim , determine expression . 142 . long shot from gloria 's point of view . she be stare at the chasm below she . continuation scene 141 gloria continue to peer below - and she cough resume . int . corridor 143 . medium shot as chang come down the corridor - hear the cough and stop . int . gloria' room 144 . full shot chang enter and watch gloria for a moment before speak . chang be there something I can do for you ? gloria wheel around and glare at he . gloria what do you want ? chang I have offer you some warm broth . I think perhaps - gloria you get out of here ! if any of you man think you can come busting in here - she cannot finish as she be attack by a fit of cough . chang please calm yourself . you will soon be well if you do . gloria ( through fit of cough ) I do not need any advice from you ! get I a doctor ! ? 507 ? chang I be sorry , but we have no doctor here . gloria ( look up quickly ) no doctor ? ( bitterly ) that 's fine . that 's just fine . chang please let I help you . gloria sure , you can help I ! you can help I jump over that cliff ! I have be look and look at the bottom of that mountain , but I have not get the nerve to jump ! chang ( quietly ) you should not be look at the bottom of the mountain . why do not you try look up at the top sometimes ? gloria ( she voice crack ) do not preach that cheap , second - hand stuff to I ! ( a sob escape ) go on , beat it . beat it ! she fling herself across the bed , cough uncontrollably . chang watch she sympathetically for a few second . chang ( before turn away ) peace be with you , my child . int . dine room 145 . full shot they all look up as chang enter . he be escort to he place at the head of the table by two servant who stand on either side of he chair . chang ( jovially ) good evening . good evening , my friend . oh no , no , no , please sit down . I hope you find everything satisfactory . barnard &amp ; conway swell . excellent . chang ( see that no one have start ) you should not have wait for I . barnard where 's the girl ? miss Stone . ? 508 ? chang she 's remain in she room . she be not feel very well . ( to other ) now please go on without I . I eat very little . 146 . medium shot shoot down the long table toward chang . he sit up straight - study they - as the other bend over they food . dissolve to : int . dine room 147 . medium shot the meal be over . conway sip from a wine glass . barnard well , there 's certainly nothing wrong with that meal ! chang thank you . conway and the wine - excellent . chang I be glad you like it . it 's make right here in the valley . lovett now that dinner be over , if you will excuse we , we be very anxious to discuss way and mean of get back home . GEORGE the first thing we want to do be to cable the foreign Office . all of England be wait to hear about my brother . there 's a cruiser at shanghai ready to take he back . chang really ? well , as regards cabling , I be afraid I can not help . unfortunately , we have no wireless here . as a matter of fact , we have no mean of communication with the outside world . George stare at he suspiciously - and then turn to conway for he reaction - but conway be apparently disinterested in the whole conversation . barnard not even a radio ? chang it 's always be a source of deep regret , but the mountain surround we have make reception almost impossible . ? 509 ? GEORGE in that event , we better make arrangement to get some porter immediately . some mean to get we back to civilization . chang be you so certain you be away from it ? GEORGE as far away as I ever want to be . chang oh , dear . lovett of course , the porter will be very well pay - that be , within reason . chang I be afraid that would not help . you see , we have no porter here . lovett no porter here !! chang no . barnard what about that man we meet this morning ? chang yes . that be we own people . they never venture beyond the point where you be meet this morning . it be much too hazardous . 148 . close shot - conway to intercut with above speech . he have remain quiet throughout the scene , apparently interested only in a paper in front of he , upon which he have be write . insert : what have be occupy conway 's interest . it be a picture of chang which he have be listlessly draw . barnard how do you account for all this ? who bring it in ? 149 . full shot they all turn to chang expectantly . chang oh , yes . there be a tribe of porter some five hundred mile from here . that be we only contact with the outside world . every now and again , depend upon favorable weather of course , they make the journey . GEORGE how can we get in touch with they ? ? 510 ? chang in that respect , you be exceedingly fortunate . we be expect a shipment from they almost any time now— lovett what exactly do you mean by " almost any time now " ? chang well , we have be expect this particular shipment for the past two year . barnard two year !? chang yes . barnard and lovett look shocked . George start to say something , but the word choke in he throat . chang but I can assure you , gentleman , if there be a prolong delay , shangri - La will endeavor to make you stay as pleasant as possible . ( rise ) and now if you will excuse I , it be get late . I do hope you all sleep well . good night . the servant move he chair back . before he go , however , he turn to conway . chang good night , Mr. conway . conway , a little surprised at the distinction in he behalf , nod . conway good night , sir . chang exit . there be a hushed silence follow chang 's departure . lovett that 's what I mean - mysterious . Mr. conway , I do not like that man . he 's too vague . GEORGE ( concerned ) we do not get much information out of he , do we Bob ? conway it seem to I we should be grateful . we be in a bad mess this morning . ( a wave of he hand ) after all , this be quite pleasant . why not make ourselves comfortable until the porter do arrive ? while he be speak , the mute strain of a violin float into the room . conway rise . ? 511 ? 150 . medium shot as conway cross to a balcony door . barnard that 's what I say . what do you say to a rubber of bridge ? I see some card in the other room . conway not for I , thanks . no , I be too weary . he disappear onto the balcony . George watch he go . barnard ( slightly effeminate ) how about you lovey ? come on . let 's you and I play a game of honeymoon bridge . lovett ( distractedly ) I be think . barnard think ? what about some double solitaire ? lovett as a matter of fact , I be very good at double solitaire . barnard no kid ? lovett yes . barnard then I be you man . ( start away ) come on , toot . lovett detest the pet name , but follow . George think a moment - and cross to balcony . ext . balcony 151 . medium shot conway be listen moodily to the soulful music . George wander in beside he . conway hello , George . ( look out ) cigarette ? GEORGE thanks . ( light the cigarette - after a pause ) I suppose all this come under the head of adventure . conway we have have plenty of it the last few day . ? 512 ? GEORGE it 's far from over , from what I can see . this place give I the creep , hide away like this - no contact with civilization . Bob , you do not seem concerned at all . conway oh , I be feel far too peaceful to be concerned about anything . ( moodily ) I think I be go to like it here . GEORGE you talk as though you intend on stay . conway ( turn to he ) something happen to I , when we arrive here , George , that - well - do you ever go to a totally strange place , and feel certain that you have be there before ? GEORGE what be you talk about ? conway ( back to earth ) I do not know . GEORGE you be a strange bird . no wonder gainsford call you the man who always want to see what be on the other side of the hill . 152 . two shot - conway and GEORGE conway 's point of view , study George . conway do not you ever want to see what 's on the other side of the hill ? GEORGE what could there be except just another hill ? in any event , I be not curious . at the moment , it seem to I we should be concerned about get home . I would give anything to be in London right now . conway of course you would . if ever we get out of this place , the thing for you to do be to take that job with helen 's father . GEORGE what do you mean if we should get out ? conway ( evasively ) do I say " if " ? ? 513 ? GEORGE ( interrupt ) that 's what you say . conway well - I mean GEORGE what 's on you mind , Bob ? you talk as though we be go to have trouble get out of here . 153 . close two shot - favoring conway conway George , I have be put thing together . do you notice the resemblance between that native and the pilot ? and why do that clothes materialize so conveniently when they meet we at the plane ? chang himself just say that they never venture beyond that point . what bring they there ? unless it be to meet we ? GEORGE ( catch on ) chang 's first question be about the pilot . conway uh-huh . GEORGE there must be some connection between the plane and this place . they must have deliberately bring we here . why , Bob ? what reason could they have for do a thing like that ? conway that 's what 's on the other side of the hill . fade out : fade in ext . of valley - day 154 . long shot from a tower room shoot over shoulder of two man in f.g. we see a beautiful picture of the valley below . there be a tranquility here that be beatific . camera pull back . the two man be reveal as conway and chang . they stand on a terrace of one of the tower room . chang it 's three thousand foot , practically straight down to the floor of the valley . the Valley of the Blue Moon , as we call it . there be over two thousand people in the Valley besides that here in shangri-la . conway who and what be shangri-la ? you ? chang goodness , no ! chang so there be other ? ? 514 ? chang oh , yes . conway who , for instance ? chang in time you will meet they all . 155 . close shot - the two - favoring conway he watch chang 's face searchingly , then smile . conway for a man who talk a great deal , it 's amazing how unenlighten you can be . chang ( laugh ) there be some thing , my dear conway , I deeply regret I may not discuss . conway you know , that 's the fourth time you have say that today . you should have a record make of it . chang ( evasively ) shall we go inside ? I should so like to show you some of we rare treasure . int . a tower 156 . follow shot with GEORGE on a spiral staircase . look surreptitiously around , he back he way up . camera follows he as he reach the top of the landing . here he stop and glance around the corner down a corridor . int . corridor 157 . medium shot camera follows GEORGE as he peer into several room searchingly . he finally arrive at one and enter . int . a room 158 . full shot George enter and look around . it be dimly light and apparently unoccupy . he cross to a desk and pick up several object , scrutinize they closely . 159 . close shot of the girl , maria - in alcove she sit , a tapestry board on she lap , watch George with keen interest . 160 . close shot - GEORGE he open a book and glance at its content . 161 . mo . shot to include both Maria survey he back appraisingly . maria good afternoon . George wheel around , startle , and stare at she intently . ? 515 ? GEORGE ( start back out ) Excuse mak maria ( appealingly ) please do not go . George hesitates at door . maria tea will be serve any moment . 162 . close shot - GEORGE he watch she with grave speculation for a long moment , then slowly move toward she . maria ( a win smile ) wo not you come in ? George still maintain a serious mien , as they eye meet . maria my name be Maria . wo not you sit down ? int . library 163 . full shot it be a huge room . the wall be line with impressive tome . chang be show conway around . 164 . medium shot conway have just finish browsing through one of the book . conway by the way , what religion do you follow here ? chang we follow many . a look of surprise spread over conway 's face . chang ( thoughtfully ) to put it simply , I should say that we general belief be in moderation . we preach the virtue of avoid excess of every kind , even include '' ( he smile ) '' the excess of virtue itself . 165 . closer shot - the two conway that 's intelligent . chang we find , in the Valley , it make for better happiness among the native . we rule with moderate strictness and in return we be satisfied with moderate obedience . as a result , we people be moderately honest and moderately chaste and somewhat more than moderately happy . ? 516 ? conway how about law and order ? you have no soldier or police ? chang oh , good heaven , no ! conway how do you deal with incorrigible ? criminal ? chang why , we have no crime here . what make a criminal ? lack , usually . avariciousness , envy , the desire to possess something own by another . there can be no crime where there be a sufficiency of everything . conway you have no dispute over woman ? chang only very rarely . you see , it would not be consider good manners to take a woman that another man want . conway suppose somebody want she so badly that he do not give a hang if it be good manners or not ? chang ( smile ) well , in that event , it would be good manners on the part of the other man to let he have she . 166 . close shot - the two - favoring conway conway that 's very convenient . I think I would like that . chang you would be surprised , my dear conway , how a little courtesy all around help to smooth out the most complicated problem . 167 . mo . close shot - the two chang smile . conway scarcely hear the last speech , for he attention have be catch by the play of a piano . he stop to listen . chang have walk out of scene . 168 . medium shot conway locate the direction whence the music come , go to a doorway where he stop . 169 . close shot - chang he realize conway do not follow he and turn . when he see conway , he face cloud - and he start toward he . 170 . close shot at door conway watch someone through door with grave interest . chang enter scene and follow he gaze . ? 517 ? int . music room 171 . full shot from doorway . it be a spacious , high - ceiling room , oddly shape , and except for a piano , a harp and several chair , be otherwise sparsely furnish . at the extreme end , the room be set off by a alcove of stain glass extend from the ceiling to the floor , where it finish with a deep window seat . at the piano we see a old man - and by he side be the girl conway see last night . they finish play and both laugh heartily . 172 . close shot at doorway conway find she laughter infectious - and smile . 173 . close shot - girl and man at piano in the midst of she laughter , the girl see conway , off scene , and she face sober - self - consciously . 174 . close shot at doorway chang quickly take conway by the arm . chang at some time in the future you will have the pleasure of meeting she . conway turn for one last glimpse of the girl , and then turn to chang , look up at he face , puzzle and amused . conway some man have better get ready to be very courteous to I . 175 . closeup - the girl she continue to stare off toward the door , she eye alight with a keen interest . dissolve to : int . corridor 176 . follow shot with conway and chang conway but Mr. chang , all this thing - book , instrument , sculpture - do you mean to say they be all bring in over that mountain by porter ? chang they be . conway well , it must have taken– chang Centuries . conway Centuries ! where do you get the money to pay for all that treasure ? chang of course we have no money as you know it . we do not buy or sell or seek personal fortune because , well , because there be no uncertain future here for which to accumulate it . ? 518 ? int . a room 177 . close shot - the two they have arrive in a small room , where they pause . chang reach into a bowl of large nut , crack one , and hand the nut to conway . then he do the same for himself . during the follow scene , both be eat nut from the bowl . conway that would suit I perfectly . I be always break . how do you pay for they ? chang we Valley be very rich in a metal call gold , which fortunately for we be value very highly in the outside world . so we merely . . . conway —buy and sell ? chang buy and - sell ? no , no , pardon I , exchange . conway ( chuckle ) I see . gold for idea . you know Mr. chang , there 's something so simple and naive about all of this that I suspect there have be a shrewd , guide intelligence somewhere . whose idea be it ? how do it all start ? chang that , my dear conway , be the story of a remarkable man . conway who ? chang a belgian priest by the name of Father perrault , the first european to find this place , and a very great man indeed . he be responsible for everything you see here . he build shangri - La , teach we native , and begin we collection of art . in fact , shangri - La be Father perrault . conway when be all this ? chang oh , let I see - way back in 1713 , I think it be , that Father perrault stumble into the Valley , half freeze to death . it be typical of the man that , one leg be freeze , and of course there be no doctor here , he amputate the leg himself . conway ( shocked ) he amputate he own leg ? ? 519 ? chang yes . oddly enough , later , when he have learn to understand they language , the native tell he he could have save he leg . it would have heal without amputation . conway well , they do not actually mean that . chang yes , yes . they be very sincere about it too . you see , a perfect body in perfect health be the rule here . they have never know anything different . so what be true for they they think would naturally be true for anyone else live here . conway well , be it ? chang Rather astonishingly so , yes . and particularly so in the case of Father perrault himself . do you know when he and the native be finish building shangri- La , he be 108 year old and still very active , in spite of only have one leg ? conway 108 and still active ? chang you be startle ? conway oh , no . just a little bowl over , that 's all . chang forgive I . I should have tell you it be quite common here to live to a very ripe old age . Climate , diet , mountain water , you might say . but we like to believe it be the absence of struggle in the way we live . in you country , on the other hand , how often do you hear the expression , " he worried himself to death ? " or , " this thing or that kill he ? " conway very often . chang and very true . you life be therefore , as a rule , short , not so much by natural death as by indirect suicide . conway ( after a pause ) that 's all very fine if it work out . a little amazing , of course . ? 520 ? chang why , Mr. conway , you surprise I ! conway I surprise you ? now that 's news . chang I mean , you amazement . I could have understand it in any of you companion , but you - who have dream and write so much about better world . or be it that you fail to recognize one of you own dream when you see it ? conway Mr. chang , if you do not mind , I think I will go on be amaze - in moderation , of course . chang ( chuckle ) then everything be quite all right , be not it ? they exit scene together . ext . garden [ 10 ] 178 . mo . close shot on a garden bench gloria slump languidly . suddenly we hear barnard 's voice , yell . gloria quickly turn she back . barnard run into scene . barnard honey , it 's terrific ! terrific ! I just see something that will make you hair stand on end . you see that hill over there ? gold ! gold ! pop right out of they ! ton of it ! ( conspiratorially ) now look , you keep this under you hat , because if that other monkey hear about it , they will declare themselves in . but if I can mine that stuff , I will throw a bombshell into Wall Street . now look , I have get a plan - and if I '' gloria begin cough heavily . barnard notice how pale and haggard she look . barnard aw say , honey , you be not feel well , be you ? look , do not pay too much attention to what that doctor tell you . I have see a awful lot of people fool they , and I have get a hunch that this place be go to be good for you . honest , I have . ( wait for she reaction - receive none ) come on now . come on . you be a good kid , and snap out of it , and I will cut you in on the gold deal . look , I be go up and make a deal with chang - right now . he enthusiastically exit scene . int . lovett' room 179 . close shot lovett enter warily , sit down at he desk and begin to write in he journal . ? 521 ? insert of what he write : the diary of alexander P. lovett 2nd Day at shangri-la " this place be too mysterious ! " he look up , see himself in a mirror and give a start . then , chuckle to himself reassuringly , he look around warily and continue to write . dissolve to : ext . somewhere in shangri - LA 180 . full shot it be a bright , cheery morning . conway be drink in the beauty of he surroundings . he come into the area where the horse be stable . two man be busily groom the horse . conway ( cheerily ) good morning ! men good morning , Mr. conway ! conway oh , you speak English , do you ? men yes , sir . one of the men would you like to take a ride , Mr. conway ? conway no , thanks . not just now . suddenly , conway be startle by the sound of hoof - beat and , look up , be in time to see ' the girl ' of the previous sequence ( sondra ) fly by he on a horse - scream delightedly . as she pass he , she wave . conway ( instantly change he mind ) well , I think I will take that ride ! 181 . mo . shot - conway as he ride off in pursuit of she . 182 . several shot of the chase show sondra successfully elude he - as he close in on she . 183 . mo . long shot - bottom of a hill sondra whizze by . as we stay on the shot - conway ride through in exciting pursuit . 184 . another angle show sondra disappear behind a mountain waterfall . conway dash up , but she be lose from sight . he wheel around several time - and unable to find she , look puzzle . finally , give up , he start slowly back . after a few moment he be startle by she laughter , and glance around . ? 522 ? 185 . long shot from he view - shoot upward . High up - near the summit of the hill - we see sondra - wave and laugh . then she swing she horse around and disappear . 186 . closeup - conway as he smile - amused and interested . dissolve to : 187 . long shot - sondra as she swim in a mountain stream , apparently in the buff . from a distance , we see she climb onto a rock to dry off . 188 . closeup - sondra as she shake she shimmer hair . 189 . medium shot - conway he have catch up to she tethere horse and be skulking around try to find out where she be . 190 . close shot - a squirrel a squirrel , near to sondra , chatter excitedly . 191 . close shot - sondra she can apparently understand the squirrel 's warning . she hurry to dive back into the water and swim to the other side . she come up , spot conway and watch he from hide , behind some bush . 192 . medium shot - conway conway have discover she clothing and be construct a kind of scarecrow on a bush out of they . as a crown touch , he add a flower to the effigy , he eye twinkle at he little joke . with one final glance over he shoulder , he turn to leave . 193 . close shot - sondra she stifles she laughter as he vanish from view . dissolve to : int . dine room - night 194 . full shot lovett and barnard be at the table wait for the other . several servant be in the b.g. George pace nervously in front of the door . 195 . mo . shot at table lovett and barnard . barnard nibble at something . barnard bah ! fossils ! why ? what for ? running around digging up a lot of old bone ! you do not dig yourself out of one of that hole by any chance , do you ? lovett be about to reply , when he realize he be be make fun of , and give a tentative chuckle . int . corridor 196 . medium shot conway be come down the corridor . George come out of door to dining room and start forward . conway walk along in a cheerful mood , sing as he go , a cockney song . ? 523 ? GEORGE ( force a smile ) you seem gay . do you find out anything ? 197 . close trucking shot with they as they walk back toward dining room door . conway well - I hear that if you want a man 's wife , she 's yours , if he 's get any manners . GEORGE nothing about the porter yet ? conway porter ? GEORGE good heaven , Bob , we have be here two week and we have not find out a thing . conway well , we have not be murder in we bed yet , George , have we ? GEORGE I be afraid the porter be just a myth . ( tensely ) I guess we never will know why we be here , or how long we be go to be hold prisoner . conway shhh ! they have reach the door and start into dining room . int . dine room 198 . medium shot as conway and George enter , barnard call to they : barnard hey , hurry up , you slow - poke - I be starve ! conway ( imitate chang as he take he chair ) please ! please ! do not wait for I ! I eat so very little . barnard laugh heartily . George , surily silent , enter and drop in he seat . at the same moment , gloria come into the room . gloria good evening . the man greet she , all rise . barnard well , I be certainly glad to see that it 's all finally organize . ( to servant ) okay , handsome . dish it out , and make it snappy . as he sit , he look over at gloria and something in she face arrest he . ? 524 ? barnard hey , what 's happen to you ? gloria ( self - consciously ) nothing . why ? barnard why , you look beautiful . conway that 's unkind . do not miss Stone always look beautiful ? 199 . mo . close shot at table feature gloria , barnard and conway . barnard ( suddenly ) I get it ! it 's you make -up . you have get none on . gloria busy herself with she soup , self - consciously . barnard and say , honey , you look a million per cent better . wholesome , kind of - and clean . you take a tip from I , and do not you ever put that stuff on you face again . why , it 's like hide behind a mask . lovett ha , ha - who be you to be talk about a mask ? what do you mean ? you have be wear a mask ever since we meet you . barnard have I ? lovett it 's very strange , you know . you have never tell we anything about yourself . who be you , anyway ? why do not you take you mask off for once ! conway ( lightly ) yes. unbosom yourself , Mr. hyde . [ 11 ] barnard ( he face have become serious ) all right , I will ! I will let my hair down ! why not ? it can not make any real difference now . ( after a pause ) hey lovey , be you ever chase by the police ? lovett be halt in he track - soup spoon halfway up to he mouth . lovett certainly not . ? 525 ? 200 . close shot - barnard barnard believe I , it 's no fun . when you fella pick I up at baskul , they would be on my tail for a year . lovett ( skeptical ) the police ? barnard uh-huh . ( after another pause ) do you ever hear of Chalmers Bryant ? camera pull back to include the other . they look shocked . conway ( the first one to make the connection ) Chalmers Bryant ! barnard Bryant 's utility - that 's I . George be the only one unconcern . he be deeply absorb in think - he food have remain untouched . lovett suddenly explode . lovett I know it . I know I have a reason for hat you ! Sir , you be a thief . gloria he never steal anything from you , do he ? lovett I have 500 share of Bryant utility that I buy with money that I save for 20 year teach school , and now I could not sell it for postage stamp . 201 . mo . shot - group feature barnard . barnard that 's too bad . I get a half million share . my whole foundation ! and now look at I ! lovett a colossal nerve you have sit there and talk about it so calmly - you , the swindler of thousand of people— barnard you know , that 's what make the whole thing so funny . a guy like I start out in life as a plumber - a ordinary , everyday , slew - foote [ 12 ] plumber - and by the use of a little brain , mind you , he build up a gigantic institution , employ thousand of people , become a great civic leader . and then the crash come - and overnight he 's the biggest crook the country ever have . ? 526 ? lovett you be a thief , sir , and a swindler , and I , for one , will be only too glad to turn you over to the police when we get back . George can not stand it any longer . GEORGE ( suddenly - hoarsely ) what do you mean - " when we get back " ? the sharpness of he voice startles the other . GEORGE what make you think we be ever go to get back ? you may not know it , but you be all prisoner here . we be deliberately kidnap and bring here - and nobody know why '' he rise to he foot . GEORGE well , I be not content to be a prisoner . I be go to find out when we be go to get out of this place . ( whip out a revolver ; grimly ) I will make that chinese talk if it 's the last thing I do ! he start out . 202 . medium shot before anybody can realize what he intention be , he have bolt out of the room . conway ( call ) George ! start after he . int . corridor 203 . medium shot as George stride determinedly out into the hall , yell . GEORGE chang ! chang ! suddenly he see a native servant and he eye pop insanely . camera pan with he as he stride across to the servant and grab he by the shirt - front . GEORGE ( shaking servant violently ) where be he ? where 's chang ? where be he ? where 's chang , or I will blow you brain out ! conway have catch up with he and wrestle he away from the servant , who stumble off in fright . conway George , what do you think you be do ? ? 527 ? GEORGE let I go , Bob ! George push conway away from he and start down the corridor . conway George , come back ! GEORGE chang ! chang ! chang ! George spy another servant . GEORGE come here , you ! come here ! the servant , frighten by he voice , turn suddenly and start run . George level he revolver and send a stream of bullet after the flee servant , who miraculously manage to skate around a corner , unharme . conway run into scene , reach George , and with a quick flip of he leave hand he smack he over he revolver arm - and with he right , he punch he flush on the jaw . conway George , you idiot ! George reel for a moment and slump to the floor . 204 . close shot as the other trail in . barnard have to sock he , eh ? conway pocket the gun and , bend over George , a pain expression on he face , start to lift he . dissolve to : int . conway' room 205 . mo . close shot conway bring George in , follow by the other . he drape he across he bed . conway stand by he side , look down at he , deeply concerned . after a moment , conway shake he and George awaken with a start . GEORGE let I up ! let I up ! conway all right . sorry , George . George groan and turn away . 206 . mo . shot toward door on barnard , lovett and gloria . barnard wander over to conway , who appear lose in think . barnard say conway , be it true about we be kidnap ? conway shrug . ? 528 ? barnard ( louder ) I say , be it true about we be kidnap ? conway suddenly be arouse from he reverie by someone he see off scene . he look up alertly . conway Mr. chang ! chang enter scene , beam charmingly . conway do you mind step in here for a moment ? 207 . full shot as chang enter . he bow courteously to the other , who stand in front of George 's bed . conway shut the door and turn the key . he cross to a door lead to another room - and lock this one , also . chang watch he curiously . the other , include George , who be now alert , be puzzle and somewhat impressed . then conway come to chang . conway wo not you sit down ? chang sit , he placidity unchange . conway pull up a chair in front of he . conway ( very quietly ) Mr. chang , you have be very kind to we - and we appreciate it . but for some reason we be be hold prisoner here , and we want to know why . 208 . close shot - barnard , lovett and gloria as conway 's voice continue , talk to chang : conway personally , I do not mind at all . I be enjoy every minute of it . ( dead serious ) but my brother be not of the same opinion , nor be the other . ( after a pause ) it 's time we be tell what it 's all about . 209 . mo . shot - group conway still continue : conway we want to know why we be kidnap , why we be be keep here , but most important of all - do we get the porter , and when ? ( much too suavely ) until we get this information , my dear Mr. chang , I be very much afraid we cannot permit you to leave this room . there be a pause while the eye of all be center on chang 's face . ? 529 ? chang ( after a pause ) you know , it 's very , very strange , but when you see I in the corridor , I be actually on my way to you . I bring the most amazing news . ( impressively ) the High lama wish to see you , Mr. conway . lovett the High lama ! who in blaze be he ?! barnard yeah . I though you run this joint . conway Mr. chang - High lama or low lama , do we get the porter ? chang the High lama be the only one from whom any information can come . GEORGE do not believe he , Bob . he 's just try to get out . lovett yes . barnard sound like a stall to I . conway one moment . you say the High lama be the only one who can give we any information ? chang the only one . conway and he can arrange for the porter to take we back ? chang the High lama arrange everything , Mr. conway . conway well , then he 's the man I want to see . ( to chang ) will you come along ? conway unlock the door . when he have open it , he turn . conway better wait here until I get back . we will soon know where we stand . int . corridor in high lama' quarter 210 . mo . trucking shot with conway and chang . chang walk in a high state of expectancy . conway be grim . they climb a narrow spiral staircase . ? 530 ? 211 . mo . close shot they proceed up the stair until they arrive at a large , impressively ornate double door which seem to open automatically the moment they approach . chang remain without . the moment conway step over the threshold , the door swing close . int . high lama' chamber [ 13 ] 212 . mo . shot as the door swing shut . conway turn and realize chang be no longer with he . 213 . close shot at door conway stand still , glance around the room , which be light so dimly that nothing definite be distinguishable . 214 . full shot to show what conway see . for the moment , practically nothing . as he eye become adjust to the darkness , he begin to sense the architecture and furnishings of the room . but as yet no sign of life . slow pan shot reveal it to be a dark - curtain and low-ceilinged room , furnish rather simply . very sombre , indistinct tapestry drape the back wall . while the camera follows conway' gaze , moving slowly around , a voice be hear . high lama' voice ( soft and friendly ) good evening , Mr. conway . camera quickly swing over to the nethermost corner of the room where , scarcely visible , sit a old man of indeterminate age . in the gloom only the outline of he pale and wrinkle face can be see . it yield a effect of a fade antique portrait . 215 . close shot - conway he stare , motionless , at the eerie vision . 216 . mo . shot of room high lama please come in . conway come forward warily until he stand within a few foot of the old man , he eye rivete upon he . high lama sit here , near I . I be a old man and can do no one any harm . conway be you the High lama ? high lama yes . 217 . close shot - the two as conway , expressionless , sit down opposite the High lama . high lama I trust you have be comfortable at shangri- La , since you arrival . ? 531 ? conway personally , I have enjoy you community very much . but my friend do not care for this mystery . they be determine to leave as soon as '' while he have be speak , he eye have be gradually take in the detail of the old man . the camera quickly follows he gaze - to crutch lean against the man 's throne - then , look down , to he leg , one of which appear to have be amputate . 218 . closeup - conway conway ( awe and amazement ) it 's astonish - and incredible , buty 219 . close shot - the two high lama what be it , my son ? conway you be the man chang tell I about ! you be the first - who - two hundred year ago— ( reverently ) —you be still alive , Father perrault ! high lama sit down , my son . ( pause ) you may not know it , but I have be a admirer of yours for a great many year . conway evince surprise . high lama oh , not of conway the empire- builder and public hero . I want to meet the conway who in one of he book , say , " there be moment in every man 's life when he glimpsis the eternal . " the quotation capture conway 's interest - and he eye widen . high lama that conway seem to belong here . in fact , it be suggest that someone be send to bring he here . conway that I be bring here ? who have that brilliant idea ? high lama sondra bizet . conway ( secretly pleased ) oh , the girl at the piano ? high lama yes . she have read you book and have a profound admiration for you , as have we all . ? 532 ? conway of course I have suspect that we be here be no accident . furthermore , I have a feel that we be never suppose to leave . but that , for the moment , do not concern I greatly . I will meet that when it come . what particularly interest I at present be , why be I bring here ? what possible use can I be to a already thriving community ? high lama we need man like you here , to be sure that we community will continue to thrive . in return for which , shangri - La have much to give you . you be still , by the world 's standard , a youngish man . yet in the normal course of existence , you can expect twenty or thirty year of gradually diminish activity . here , however , in shangri - La , by we standard you life have just begin , and may go on and on . conway but to be candid , Father , a prolong future do not excite I . it would have to have a point . I have sometimes doubted whether life itself have any . and if that be so , then long life must be even more pointless . no , I would need a much more definite reason for go on and on . high lama we have reason . it be the entire meaning and purpose of shangri- La . it come to I in a vision , long , long , ago . I see all the nation strengthen , not in wisdom , but in the vulgar passion and the will to destroy . I see they machine power multiply until a single weapon man might match a whole army . I foresee a time when man , exulting in the technique of murder , would rage so hotly over the world that every book , every treasure , would be doom to destruction . this vision be so vivid and so move that I determine to gather together all the thing of beauty and culture that I could and preserve they here against the doom toward which the world be rush . ( pause ) look at the world today ! be there anything more pitiful ? what madness there be , what blindness , what unintelligent leadership ! a scurrying mass of bewilder humanity crash headlong against each other , propel by a orgy of greed and brutality . the time must come , my friend , when this orgy will spend itself , when brutality and the lust for power must perish by its own sword . against that time be why I avoid death and be here , and why you be bring here . for when that day come , the world must begin to look for a new life . and it be we hope that they may find it here . for here we shall be with they book ? 533 ? and they music and a way of life base on one simple rule : be kind . ( pause ) when that day come , it be we hope that the brotherly love of shangri - La will spread throughout the world . ( pause ) yes , my son , when the strong have devoure each other , the Christian ethic may at last be fulfil , and the meek shall inherit the earth . a long silence ensue during which conway , so engross be he in all he have just hear , scarcely notice the lama , who have rise slowly and now stand before he . the lama reach down and gently touch he on the shoulder . conway ( scarcely audible ) I understand you , Father . conway kiss the High lama 's hand . high lama you must come again , my son . good night . conway slowly rise to he foot and turn to leave scene . int . upper chamber 220 . mo . close shot at door to lama' chamber conway come through . he walk as if in a trance . camera pull back as he continue on he way - bear a expression of deep absorption . dissolve to : int . lower corridor 221 . mo . shot as conway walk toward a open door at the end of corridor lead to the garden . lovett emerge from one of the room and see he . he beckon to that inside and almost immediately they come out and start toward conway . 222 . mo . close shot near garden door conway , just about to exit , when the other catch up to he . ad - lib we think you be never come back ! what would you find out ? when do we leave ? conway stare at they blankly . GEORGE what about the porter ? conway ( vaguely ) porter ? GEORGE do not you find out anything about the porter ? ? 534 ? conway why - I be sorry - but i— he start away from they , but they crowd around he . ad - lib what be you do all this time ? you have be go for hour . GEORGE for heaven 's sake , Bob , what 's the matter with you ? you go out there for the purpose of '' conway George . George - do you mind ? I be sorry , but I can not talk about it tonight . he leave they . ext . garden - night 223 . mo . close shot shoot toward garden through open doorway . conway walk away from the crowd in f.g. , all stare at he , nonpluss . we see conway walk through the garden in b.g. and disappear . 224 . closeup - GEORGE in doorway he stare at he brother , off , fearfully . ext . somewhere in the valley 225 . full shot of a pleasant and peaceful place . conway be walk along moodily , drink in the pastoral beauty . 226 . mo . trucking shot with conway as he walk along . he come to a spot where a man and a woman be tilling the soil , and stop to watch they . the man look up and , see conway , make a friendly bow and doff he hat . conway also bow . the woman curtsy prettily and smile . conway doff he hat in acknowledgement . he be in a cheerful frame of mind and continue he walk - camera continuing with he . he greet several other people . upon see he , they also bow and doff they hat . conway do likewise . ext . somewhere in the valley - day 227 . full shot conway be walk along a street in the valley . it be a quaint thoroughfare , unlike anything we have ever see before . the small , one -story hut along its very narrow sidewalk be of singularly varied architecture - give the impression of be " homemade . " as a result of this , no two be alike . only one characteristic about they be similar - they cleanliness . something about the atmosphere be fresh and wholesome and peaceful . in front of several of the hut native woman sit - some weaving on a tapestry board , some nursing baby , some asleep , and some just sit . the keynote be contentment . 228 . mo . trucking shot with conway , walk along . as he pass , the woman smile at he in the most friendly fashion . from inside this home , soft and soothing music emanate . at the end of the street , conway finally arrive at a garden spot . the suddenness of this be startling , too - because of its beauty . sigh contentedly , conway throw himself at the foot of a overhange tree , and lean against the trunk . ? 535 ? 229 . close shot - conway he throw he head back , shut he eye - in a restful and contemplative mood . he remain this way quietly for a few second , when he be attract by the sing of a chorus of child 's voice . he glance around . 230 . long shot from conway 's angle . in the shadow of a row of overhange tree which form a arch , a group of fifteen or twenty child sing a hymn , or nursery song - in English . sondra ( the violin girl of previous scene ) stand in front of they , a baton in hand , conduct they . 231 . close shot - conway he smile at the sight - and spring to he foot start in they direction . 232 . mo . shot of sondra and the child , as conway saunter into the scene behind she . he find himself a comfortable place under a tree and sit down . the child , still sing , have see he approach and crane they neck curiously . 233 . close shot - sondra she wave she baton and sing with the child . then she notice they be be distract and casually turn she head . she be somewhat startle at see conway , but quickly recover she composure , and smile wanly . 234 . close shot - conway he smile also . conway do you mind ? 235 . wider angle to include sondra , conway and some of the child . they finish the song , and conway applaud . sondra curtsy prettily . she turn to the child . sondra this be Mr. conway , child . 236 . mo . shot in unison the twenty child curtsey . child ( all together - sing - song ) good morning , Mr. conway . conway how do you do ? child very well , thank you . conway scramble to he foot and do a exaggerated bow . sondra laugh delightedly . sondra all right , child . we will now sing– she lift she baton and the thin , piping voice fill the air . ? 536 ? 237 . closeup - conway he light a cigarette and , lean against a tree , study sondra 's face - impressed by she beauty . 238 . closeup - sondra she slyly glance backward , and a self - conscious smile cover she face . 239 . mo . shot as a child from the rank break and come to sondra , who lean down to listen to the child - who whisper in she ear . sondra , murmure , " of course , dear " and still wave she baton be , for the moment , uncertain what to do . then turn to conway , hold out the baton to he . sondra do you mind ? conway snap out of he reverie and jump forward . conway not at all . he take the baton from she . sondra thank you . and , take the child by the hand , she exit . 240 . close shot - conway conduct the chorus in all seriousness - albeit a trifle awkwardly . he turn he head to watch sondra , and when he look forward again , find himself off - beat . to cover he embarrassment , he smile foolishly . 241 . mo . shot they come to the end of the song , but conway , whose eye be search for sondra , be oblivious of this and continue to conduct mechanically . the child break into laughter . 242 . mo . close trucking shot with sondra as she return with the child cling to she . as she turn a bend , she look up , surprised . 243 . close shot - sondra as she laugh heartily . 244 . close shot - conway conway all right , child . now teacher be go to be very busy this afternoon , so school 's dismiss ! the child break into squeal and race off . the camera follows they as they cross a footbridge , gleefully doff they clothes and with yelp and cry leap into a stream . 245 . mo . shot - conway and sondra favore conway . conway oh , please . I hope you be not go to run away this time . ? 537 ? sondra ( extend she hand ) my name 's sondra . conway I hope you will forgive I for— he hear curious , flutter music come from somewhere . conway ( look around ) you know , each time I see you , I hear that music . what be it ? sondra oh , you mean my pigeon . the camera show pigeon swirl overhead . sondra pull a miniature flute from one of she pocket . sondra ( show he ) it 's this little flute that I attach to they tail . see ? come along with I , and I will show you how I put they on . they exit scene . int . pigeon house 246 . mo . close shot of a large coop where pigeon be breed and raise . the pigeon flutter around , landing on sondra and conway , as she show he she collection with pride . she grab one pigeon and tie one of the miniature flute to its leg . sondra you see , this be how we tie they on . and by vary the size of the flute , I can get any note I wish . the wind do the rest . here 's a little fellow who lose he ! she grab another pigeon , tie a flute to its leg . conway ( wonderingly ) be this you idea ? sondra yes . hold this pigeon . conway you suggest my be bring here , do not you ? what give you the idea I would fit in ? sondra that be easy . I read you book . conway oh , you have read my book . you do more thing ! what have my book get to do with it ? sondra I see a man whose life be empty . ? 538 ? conway a man whose life be empty ! sondra oh , I know . it be full of this and full of that . but you be accomplish nothing . you be go nowhere , and you know it . conway scrutinize she face intently . sondra as a matter of fact , all I see be a little boy whistling in the dark . conway a little boy whistling in the dark !? do you realize that there be a british cruiser wait at shanghai , smoke pour out of its funnel , tug at its mooring , wait to take Mr. conway back to London ? do you know that at this minute there be headline shriek all over the world the news that conway be miss ? do that look like a man whose life be empty ? sondra ( after a pause ) yes . conway ( good-naturedly ) you be absolutely right . and I have to come all the way to a pigeon house in shangri - La to find the only other person in the world who know it . May I congratulate you ? she laugh merrily and shake he hand . sondra I really only bring you here to show you my pigeon ! conway do not worry about the pigeon . from now on , you can put flute on my tail and bell on my foot ! she turn to leave , and he follow , exite scene . dissolve to : ext . somewhere on top of a hill 247 . medium trucking shot sondra and conway , walk . this spot be on top of a hill overlook the splendor of the valley below . 248 . closer trucking shot they walk along silently for a few second , while conway study she face speculatively . conway there be so many question I would like to ask you , I hardly know where to begin . ? 539 ? sondra I will help you . to begin with , you would like to know what I be do here . whether I be bear here . conway thank you . sondra well , I be almost bear here . it take place in that wild country beyond the pass . my father and mother be in a party of explorer who get lose and wander around for a year . when chang find we , only Father and I be alive . but he be too weak to climb the pass . he die on the way . I be bring up here by Father perrault himself . conway Father perrault ! I envy you . I talk to he last night . sondra yes , I know . conway Father perrault . of course I can not quite get use to this age thing . he steal a sideways glance at she . she be greatly amused . sondra ( satisfy he obvious curiosity ) I be thirty . conway oh , you be go to make life very simple . 249 . mo . shot as they arrive at a scenic overlook . it be get toward dusk . conway ( wonderingly ) it 's inconceivable . sondra what be ? conway all of it . Father perrault and he magnificent history . this place , hide away from the rest of the world , with its glorious concept , and now you come along and confuse I entirely . sondra I be sorry . I think I be to be the light . but why do I confuse you ? be I so strange ? conway on the contrary , you be not strange . and that in itself be confusing . I have the same idea about shangri-la . the sense that I have be here before , that I belong here . sondra I be so glad . ? 540 ? conway I can not quite explain it , but everything be somehow familiar . the very air that I breathe . the lamasery , with its foot roote in the good earth of this fertile valley , while its head explore the eternal . all the beautiful thing I see , this cherry blossom , you - all somehow familiar . ( chuckle to himself ) I have be kidnap and bring here against my will . a crime , a great crime , yet I accept it amiably , with the same warm amiability one tolerate only from a very dear and close friend . why ? can you tell I why ? sondra perhaps because you have always be a part of shangri - La without know it . conway I wonder . sondra I be sure of it . just as I be sure there 's a wish for shangri - La in everyone 's heart . I have never see the outside world . but I understand there be million and million of people who be suppose to be mean and greedy . yet I just know that secretly they be all hope to find a garden spot where there be peace and security , where there 's beauty and comfort , where they would not have to be mean and greedy . oh , I just wish the whole world might come to this valley . conway then it would not be a garden spot for long . she laugh as they exit scene . ext . somewhere in shangri - LA [ 14 ] 250 . trucking shot barnard be bring a reluctant lovett along on a excursion into the Valley . they pass friendly native and farmer at work . lovett I do not know why I associate with you , Mr. barnard - or Mr. Chalmers Bryant - or Mr. embezzler - or whatever you name may be . barnard just call I barney . lovett barney ? why should i? never ! we have nothing in common . hmmpf , barney ! what effrontery ! barnard okay , lovey . ? 541 ? lovett and this trip to the valley . I can not imagine why I would allow you to drag I down here . why , we do not know anything about this people . we be not even armed ! barnard they be very nice people - except that they have get horn . lovett ( alarmed at first ) horn ? barnard point to sheepherder with they long horn . barnard ( chuckle ) yeah . you know . lovett horn ? what kind of horn ? lovett see he point , start to chuckle , but still look wary . barnard here , here ! come on . they will not hurt you . dissolve to : ext . a waterfall 251 . medium shot barnard have encounter some beautiful native girl , and they have surround he with they hospitality - ply he with wine and food . lovett be off scene . barnard okay , honey , all I want be a glass of wine ! thanks very much . native girl please sit down . barnard this be fine . this be swell . no , just a drink . I have be walk and I be a little thirsty , you see ? that 's all right . I do not just happen to be very hungry . say look , all I ask for be a glass of water . look here , I have get to have some help with this . ( look around anxiously ) now , lovey ! where be lovey ? 252 . close shot of lovett , lag behind and miss out on all the fun . lovett Mr. barnard ? 253 . medium shot favore barnard as lovett come into view . barnard hey lovey , come here ! lovey , I ask for a glass of wine and look what I get . come on , sit down . ? 542 ? lovett so that 's where you be . I might of know it . no wonder you could not hear I . barnard you be ask to have a glass of wine . sit down ! lovett and be poison out here in the open ? barnard certainly not ! native girl ( to lovett ) for I , will not you please have a glass of wine ? lovett I never drink wine in the daytime . barnard ( as he be pour a glass anyway ) there you be ! lovett ( raise the glass to he lip ) this do not obligate I in any way . native girl no . dissolve to : ext . a clearing 254 . full shot a merry lovett have have too much to drink . now he be entertaining a group of native child , who be huddle at he foot . other native watch the entertainment . Bernard , watch from one side , be lose patience . lovett —then the bear come right into the bedroom and the little baby bear say , " oh , somebody 's be sleep in my bed . " and then the mama bear say , " oh dear , somebody 's be sleep in my bed ! " and then the big papa bear , he roar , " and somebody 's be sleep in my bed ! " well , you have to admit the poor little bear be in a quandary ! barnard I be go to sleep in my bed . come on , lovey ! lovett ( continue ) they be in a quandary , and '' barnard come on , lovey . ? 543 ? lovett why ? why ' come on ' all the time ? what 's the matter ? be you go to be a fuss budget all you life ? here , drink it up ! be not you have any fun ? where be I ? barnard in a quandary . they all laugh . lovett I be tell this story ! I be tell it . ( continue ) yes , the poor little bear do not know what to do , you see , because somebody have be sleep in they bed . a child in the audience who sleep in they bed ? native girl ( the one who pour he a drink of wine alluringly ) who be it , lovey ? lovett ( smitten ) oh , you call I lovey , eh ? ( to barnard ) look at that eye ? there 's the devil in that eye ! dissolve to : int . lovett' bedroom 255 . close shot follow lovett as he enter , unusually chipper , sing " here we go gather nut in May . . . " he be in such a good mood that he improvise the lyric , put shangri - La in with he la-la- las . after glance out the window , lovett sit down and pull out he journal . he write : insert : april 4 th 24 th day at shangri -la . feel so good I could sow a wild oat '' he pause , look up , open the compact box at he side and look at himself confidently and admiringly in the mirror . returning to he journal , he add : insert : '' or two . ext . garden - day 256 . mo . shot ( moving ) with George as he disconsolately walk . he be startle by the sound of Maria 's voice call he . camera pan with he as he cross to a shelter spot where Maria sit on a garden bench . ? 544 ? GEORGE hello , Maria . he fumble for a cigarette . 257 . mo . close shot maria ( a little hurt ) you promise to come for tea yesterday . I wait for so long . GEORGE I be sorry . ( chagrine to discover he have no cigarettes leave ) I have not even get any cigarettes leave ! maria I will make some for you ! ( plead ) you will come today ? GEORGE ( after a pause ) perhaps . maria ( tenderly ) please say you will . the day be so very long and lonely without you . ( a whisper ) please . . . GEORGE all right , I will be there . maria ( happily ) thank you . GEORGE ( suddenly ) you will tell I some of the thing I want to know , will not you ? you will tell I who run this place . and why we be kidnap . and what they be go to do with we ! 258 . closeup - maria from the moment he start to speak , she face cloud . George 's voice continue without interruption . george' voice chang 's be lie about that porter , have not he ? she run off , frighten . int . elsewhere in the garden 259 . mo . close shot follow conway and sondra as they stroll peacefully hand in hand amongst the sculpt shrubbery and row of flower . there be a sudden peal of bell . the two of they look off and pause , they gaze momentarily capture by picturesque snowcappe peak in the distance . ? 545 ? conway ( move ) beautiful ! I be wait for the bump . sondra bump ? conway when the plane land at shangri- La and wake we all up . she give he a pinch . conway ouch ! sondra ( chuckle ) you see , it 's not a dream . conway you know , sometimes I think that it 's the other that 's the dream . the outside world . have you never want to go there ? sondra goodness , no . from what you tell I about it , it certainly do not sound very attractive . conway it 's not so bad , really . some phase be a little sordid , of course . that 's only to be expect . sondra why ? conway oh , the usual reason . a world full of people struggle for existence . sondra struggle , why ? conway well , everybody naturally want to make a place for himself , accumulate a nest egg , and so on . sondra why ? conway you know , if you keep on ask that , we be not go to get anywhere . and do not ask I why . sondra I be just go to . conway it 's the most annoying word in the English language . do you ever hear a child torture he parent with it ? ? 546 ? ( mimick ) mother 's little darling mus not stick she finger in the salad bowl . why ? because it be not lady - like to do that . why ? because that 's what fork be make for , darling . sondra ( join in ) why , mother ? conway because mother read it in a book somewhere , and if mother 's little darling do not take she finger out of the salad bowl this instant , mother 's go to wring she little neck . sondra laugh heartily . sondra ( teasingly ) would you like to wring my little neck ? conway I would love it ! sondra why ? conway make a grab for she and she spurt away . he chase she across part of the garden , and past the fountain catch up with she . he reach to place he hand around she neck . sondra ( laugh ) I be sorry . I be very sorry . he hesitates , study she intently . 260 . close - up they kiss . sondra ( when they break ) I have think about it for year . ( softly ) I know you would come . and I know if you do - you would never leave . ( a whisper ) be I forgiven for send for you ? conway forgiven . ( a pause ) you know , when we be on that plane , I be fascinate by the way its shadow follow it . that silly shadow racing along over mountain and valley , cover ten time the distance of the plane . it be always there to greet we with outstretch arm when we land . and I have be think that somehow you be that plane , and I be that silly shadow . that all my life I have be rush up and down hill , leaping river , crash over obstacle , never dream that one day that beautiful thing in flight would land on this earth and into my arm . ? 547 ? they kiss again . dissolve to : int . live room 261 . medium shot chang be be visit by lovett , who have lose he petrify manner . lovett amazing , Mr. chang . this place be amazing ! and that marble quarry in the valley be simply magnificent . oh , I have look around . I have see everything . you woodworker and you cloth - weaver - they all seem so very , very happy . chang yes . lovett you may not know it , Mr. chang , but right here you have utopia . [ 15 ] chang you have very kind Mr. lovett . 262 . close shot - the two lovett I do not mean it in that sense . I only give credit where credit be due . ( pause - sincerely ) er , Mr. chang , I be very anxious to have you realize that I never for a moment believe that ridiculous kidnap story . chang oh , I be so glad . lovett simply preposterous . do you know what I do last night ? last night , Mr. chang , I hold a sort of a self - inventory . I say to myself last night , Mr. chang , I say , " lovey " '' ( catch himself - look around ) Mr. lovett ! " Mr. lovett , " I say , " you be a ungrateful fool . . . " chang why , no . lovett " ungrateful fool . . . ! " that be my very word to myself last night . " here be this people in shangri - La do everything in they power to make we stay comfortable and happy and I have not do one single thing to show my appreciation . " chang now , what would you like to do ? ? 548 ? lovett well , Mr. chang , I think , with you permission of course , and while I be wait for this porter , I would like to organize class for that child in the valley and teach they something practical and something useful . geology . chang splendid ! lovett be not it ? be not it ! you know I be a professor for twenty year ? - and a very good one . chang I be sure you be . when would you like to start ? lovett oh , immediately . chang ( offer he handshake ) then it 's do . lovett oh , thank you . thank you ! chang thank you . exterior garden 263 . medium shot conway sit on a bench - barnard lean over he , show he a map - a-twitter with a idea . barnard you see ? you get the idea ? from this reservoir here I can pipe in the whole work . oh , I be go to get a great kick out of this . of course it 's just to keep my hand in , but with the equipment we have here , I can put a plumbing system in for the whole village down there . can rig it up in no time . ( aghast ) do you realize that poor people be still go to the well for water ? 264 . closer shot - the two conway ( a twinkle in he eye ) it 's unbelievable . barnard think of it ! in time like this . conway say , what about that gold deal ? barnard huh ? ? 549 ? conway gold . you be go to— barnard ( interrupt ) oh - that ! that can wait . nobody 's go to run off with it . ( full of business ) say , I have get to get busy . I want to show this whole layout to chang . ( exite ) so long . do not you take any wooden nickel . conway all right . he disappear . we hear he whistling , something joyous . probably " the Old Gray mare ai not what she usta be " '' 265 . closeup - conway as he watch barnard go , pleased at the metamorphosis that 's take place in he . suddenly he see George and jump up . conway George . 266 . mo . long shot from conway 's angle . George have just make he appearance . conway George ! George keep on go and conway run toward he . 267 . mo . close shot as conway catch up to george—and take he by the arm . conway ( sincerely ) George - you be behave like a child . you have not open you mouth in two week . GEORGE ( coldly ) I do not see that there 's anything to say . and release he arm , he leave conway abruptly . 268 . closeup - conway as a look of deep pain come into he face . he stand for several second - look helplessly - and despairingly in George 's direction . fade out : fade in int . live room 269 . medium shot chang and conway play chess . conway lean over the board , a faraway expression on he face . chang lean over - move a ' man ' into position . ? 550 ? chang I be afraid that do it . conway look up - arouse from he reverie . he glance over the board . conway yes . I be afraid it do . chang shall we have another ? conway ( rise ) no thanks . not tonight if you do not mind . he cross to a window and glance out . chang look up and see Maria in doorway . chang come in , my dear . 270 . close shot - maria in doorway . she seem slightly embarrassed . maria sorry . I do not mean to interrupt . ( self - consciously ) I think Mr. conway 's brother be here . Excuse I . she leave . 271 . close shot - conway and chang chang charm , be not she ? conway yes , charming . chang you brother seem quite fascinate by she . conway why not ? she 's a attractive young woman . chang Young ? she arrive here in 1888 . she be 20 at the time . she be on she way to join she betrothed - when she carrier lose they way in the mountain . the whole party would have perish but for meeting some of we people . conway ( hand in the air ) amazing ! she still do not look over 20 . when be she likely to grow old in appearance ? chang not for year . shangri - La will keep she youthful indefinitely . conway suppose she should leave it ? ? 551 ? chang leave shangri-la ! that 's not likely . you could not drive she out . conway no , I mean about she appearance . if she should leave the valley - what would happen ? chang oh , she would quickly revert in she appearance to she actual age . conway ( shaking he head ) it 's weird . ( a pause ) chang , how old be you ? chang Age be a limit we impose upon ourselves . you know , each time you westerner celebrate you birthday , you build another fence around you mind . they be interrupt by the entrance of George . GEORGE ( stridently ) oh , there you be ! you be just the man I be look for . 272 . wider angle as George come up to they . he be livid with rage . he cross directly to in front of chang . GEORGE a fine trick ! smart , be not you ? what a pack of lie you tell we about that porter ! of course the minute they arrive , we can make arrangement to leave . if they take we . but you know very well you would tell they not to ! 273 . three shot - favoring GEORGE chang now , my dear boy . you should n't— GEORGE ( snap at he ) you have be lie to we ever since we get here ! apparently it 's work with some people . perhaps it 's because they lack the courage to do anything about it . but not I , chang . you be up against the wrong man . I will get out of here , if I have to blow this fantastic place into the valley ! I will get outmporter or no porter ! and with this threat , he storm out of the room . chang you must prevail upon he not to attempt the journey . he could never get through that country alive . ? 552 ? conway ( tensely ) I can not let he go alone . it 's suicide ! he exit abruptly . chang watch he depart , deeply upset . int . high lama' chamber 274 . medium shot conway sit in the same place before the lama . lama yes , of course , you brother be a problem . it be to be expect . conway I know you would understand . that 's why I come to you for help . lama you must not look to I for help . you brother be no longer my problem . he be now you problem , conway . conway mine ? lama because , my son , I be place in you hand the future and destiny of shangri-la . ( pause ) for I be go to die . there be a pause during which conway can not conceal he amazement at this simple statement . lama I know my work be do when I first set eye upon you . 275 . closeup - conway and lama conway be too awed and impressed to utter a sound . the High lama finally resume . lama I have wait for you , my son , for a long time . I have sit in this room and see the face of newcomer . I have look into they eye and hear they voice - always in hope that I might find you . my friend , it be not a arduous task that I bequeath , for we order know only silken bond . to be gentle and patient , to care for the rich of the mind , to preside in wisdom , while the storm rage without . conway do you think this will come in my time ? ? 553 ? 276 . mo . close shot - the two high lama you , my son , will live through the storm . you will preserve the fragrance of we history , and add to it a touch of you own mind . Beyond that , my vision weaken . ( pause - magisterially ) but I see in the great distance a new world start in the ruin - stir clumsily - but in hopefulness , seek its vast and legendary treasure . and they will all be here , my son , hide behind the mountain in the Valley of the Blue Moon , preserve as if by a miracle . the voice of the lama , toward the last , seem to fade out . conway , thoroughly engross , half - consciously wait for it to continue . follow a protract silence , he slowly turn toward the lama . a breeze blow through the room , ruffling curtain on the window . 277 . close shot - the high lama from whose face the glow have fade . there be nothing leave but a dark - shadow mask . 278 . closeup - conway he stare , uncertainly , for a long while , with a slow realization that the High lama be dead . quite unaware that he be be move emotionally , tear well up in he eye . while still sit this way , unable to stir , he become conscious of activity around he . 279 . medium shot as two servant , unbeckone , arrive - only to peer , solemn - face , at the lama . then , in interval of second , group of lama , hitherto unseen , enter softly and silently , and gather around the High lama . we hear indistinguishable murmur that might or might not be prayer . conway be only vaguely aware of they presence - and after a few moment , scarcely conscious of what be actuate he movement , he drift away from the murmure lama , and walk in the direction of the door . dissolve to : int . barnard room 280 . medium shot barnard and gloria be on they knee on the floor . before they they have spread a large map or chart . barnard be enthusiastically out - lining he plan . barnard look , honey . we run the pipe through here , and we connect with the main water line here . gloria pipe ? where be you go to get pipe ? barnard oh , that 's a cinch . I will show they how to cast pipe out of clay . this be as far as they get for George at this moment barge in . ? 554 ? GEORGE there you be ! barnard , you would better get you thing together . we be leave . barnard leave ? GEORGE yes . I have just be talk with the porter . they be go to take we . we have get clothing , food , everything . come on ! barnard when be you go to start ? GEORGE right this very minute ! the porter be wait for we on the plateau . and that chinaman think he could stop I . come along . barnard I think I will stick around . I will leave with the porter on they next trip . GEORGE you mean you do not want to go ? barnard well - I 'm— GEORGE I see . you be afraid of go to jail , eh ? barnard well , no . you see , I get this plumbing business '' GEORGE all right ! if you insist on be a idiot , I be not go to waste time coax you . ( to gloria ) how about you ? barnard oh , no - you do not want to go yet , honey . ( before she can answer ) she will stick around too . ( to gloria ) be that right ? gloria ( beam ) if you want I to ! barnard sure - sure . do not you worry . I will take care of you . GEORGE all right , suit yourself . but just remember you have you chance . ? 555 ? as he start out , lovett enter . GEORGE how about you ? do you want to go ? lovett go? where ? GEORGE Home . away from here . I have get porter to take we back . 281 . close two shot - GEORGE and lovett lovett oh , my dear boy , I be sorry . that 's impossible . why , I have my class all start . GEORGE ( irritably ) I do not care what you have get start . do you want to go ? lovett well - no - I think I would better wait . yes , yes . I will . I will wait . GEORGE ( grumble as he go ) you will wait till you rot ! lovett ( glower after he ) yes . ( do a double - take ) barney ! barnard lovey ! lovett immediately dismiss George from he mind and he face brighten , he start toward barnard and gloria . 282 . mo . close shot as lovett join the two on the floor . lovett hello , gloria . gloria hello . lovett barney , I have just finish translate one of the most interesting old tablet you can imagine . it tell I all about the origin of the masonic symbol and '' barnard that 's swell , lovey . I want to show you something . look ! he proudly display he map . ? 556 ? lovett oh my , be not that pretty ! what be it ? barnard plumb . everything modern . I be go to run pipe all through the village as all three head go into a huddle . int . conway' room 283 . close shot conway stand in front of a window - he arm extend across - peer out moodily . he be watch a solemn and slow - move procession of torchlight - bearer - the funeral rite of the High lama - accompany by cermonial music and drum-beat . 284 . long shot shoot over he shoulder . get he view of the magisterial procession . 285 . close shot conway , as he thoughtfully survey the surroundings of which he have just become master . 286 . close shot - at door George appear in the doorway . he look around and espy conway . for a moment he stand uncertainly , and finally enter . GEORGE ( softly ) bob— 287 . medium shot as conway turn - and see he , evince no emotion whatsoever . conway ( a murmur ) hello , George . George look at he peculiarly . conway 's behavior be odd in view of they strain relationship . GEORGE well , you can stop worry about everything now , Bob . I have make arrangement to leave . if you will let I close that window , I can talk to you . that noise be drive I crazy . he close the window . GEORGE I say we be get out of here . back to civilization . I make a deal with the porter . they bring in a load of book or something , and they be leave tomorrow at dawn . they be wait for we five mile outside the valley . come on , get you thing together . where 's you top coat ? 288 . close shot - the two conway you can not leave , George . ? 557 ? GEORGE why not ? what 's go to stop I ? conway ( plead ) you must not . you have get to stay here now . GEORGE ( sharply ) stay here ?! ( more softly ) what 's the matter with you , Bob ? you have be act strangely ever since we come here . ( no response from conway ) I have never see you like this . why can not we leave ? what 's stop we ? conway combat a impulse to tell he the whole story . conway ( impulsively ) something grand and beautiful , George . something I have be search for all my life . the answer to the confusion and bewilderment of a lifetime . I have find it , George , and I can not leave it . you must not either . GEORGE I do not know what you be talk about . you be carry around a secret that seem to be eat you up . if you will only tell I about it . conway I will , George . I want to tell you . I will burst with it if I do not . it 's weird and fantastical and sometimes unbelievable , but so beautiful ! ( pause ) well , as you know , we be kidnap and bring here . . . while he be speak , we slowly dissolve to : 289 . same scene : as conway be conclude he story . conway . . . and that 's the whole story , George . he die as peacefully as the pass of a cloud 's shadow . his last word to I be , " I place in you hand , my son , the future and destiny of shangri- La . " now you know why I can not leave . George listen to he intently , he face a mask of apprehension . he stare at he brother for some time and finally rise and walk around for a few moment . GEORGE ( run he hand through he hair ) well , I - I really do not know what to say . except that you must be completely mad . ? 558 ? conway so you think I be mad ? GEORGE what else can I think after a tale like that ? good heaven , Bob , thing like that do not happen today . we be live in the twentieth century . conway so you think it 's all nonsense , huh ? 290 . mo . shot - the two GEORGE I think you have be hypnotize by a lot of loose - brain fanatics . why , I would not believe it if I hear it in a English monastery . why should I swallow it here in tibet ? how do you know the thing they tell you be true ? do they show you any proof ? conway I do not need any proof . GEORGE ( contemptuously ) I know there be a reason I hate this place . I would give half my life to fly over it with a load of bomb just for what they have do to you . how do you know the thing they tell you be true ? do they show you any proof ? all this talk about the lama be hundred of year old . how do you know ? do you see they birth certificate ? ( some more pace ) I can not believe it , Bob . a bunch of decrepit old man sit around and dream about reforming the world . and you , Bob conway - two -feet-on- the-ground conway - want to join they . it 's horrible . conway be that all my story mean to you ? GEORGE what else could it mean to I ? it 's obviously a lot of bunk . conway then you would better go , George . this be no place for you . GEORGE it 's no place for you , Bob . think of what 's wait for you . do you want to stay here until you be half dead ? until you mind start corrode like the rest of they ? conway please , George . I do not want to talk about it anymore . ? 559 ? GEORGE you have get to talk about it . what about I ? you say they steal that plane to bring you here . I do not want to come . you owe I some responsibility . conway I be tired of owe you thing . you be free to go . go ahead . GEORGE ( suddenly ) it 's that girl - that girl have twisted and turned— conway enough ! never mind the girl ! ( a tense moment of silence ) well , why do not you go ? conway have sink into a chair . George kneel before he , plead . GEORGE look here , Bob , ever since I can remember , you have look after I . now I think you be the one that need look after . I be you brother , Bob . if there 's something wrong with you , let I help you . conway ( a murmur ) oh , George . . . GEORGE besides , I - I do not feel like make that trip alone , Bob . conway George , you could not possibly stay here , could you ? GEORGE I would go mad ! conway ( after a moment 's hesitation ) George , I may be wrong , I may be a maniac . but I believe in this , and I be not go to lose it . ( warmly ) you know how much I want to help you , but this be bigger , stronger if you like than brotherly love . I be sorry , George . I be stay . GEORGE ( after a long pause ) well , I can not think of anything more to say . Goodbye , bob. they shake hand warmly . George turn to leave . ? 560 ? conway ( just as George reach the door ) George , be you sure of the porter ? about they take care of you , I mean ? GEORGE ( turn back ) oh yes . it 's all set . Maria make the arrangement . conway ( glance up - surprised ) Maria ? GEORGE yes , the little Russian girl . conway what 's she get to do with it ? GEORGE she 's go with I . conway look he extreme amazement . conway ( suddenly - wild ) George , you be crazy ! as he say this he jump to he foot . George be startle by he tone and manner . conway ( wheeling ) you can not take she away from here ! GEORGE ( confidently ) why not ? conway ( strongly ) because you can not . do you know what will happen to she if she leave shangri-la ? she 's a fragile thing that can only live where fragile thing be love . take she out of this valley and she will fade away like a echo . GEORGE ( slowly ) what do you mean - " fade away like a echo " ? conway she come here in 1888 ! 291 . close shot - the two favore George . he laugh hollowly . he run he hand through he hair . he stare unbelievingly at conway . GEORGE this would be funny - if it be not so pathetic . why , she be not a day over twenty ! ? 561 ? conway you be wrong , George . GEORGE I be not wrong . she tell I so . besides , she would not have to tell I . I would know anyway . ( significantly ) I find out a lot of thing last night . ( quickly ) I be not ashamed of it either . it 's probably one of the few decent thing that 's ever happen in this hellish place . 292 . mo . close shot - the two conway stare at he . GEORGE ( cynically ) so everyone be serenely happy in shangri- La ? nobody would ever think of leave ? ( vehemently ) it 's all just so much rot ! she 's plead with I ever since I come here to take she away from this awful place . she 's cry in my arm for hour , for fear I would leave she behind . and what 's more , she 's make two trip to the plateau to bribe the porter - for I ! conway ( do not want to believe it ) I do not believe it ! I do not believe a word of it ! GEORGE all right . I will prove it to you ! you believe everything they have tell you - without proof ! I will prove my story ! as he speak he have cross to door lead to adjoin room . conway 's eye be glue on he . GEORGE come in a minute . after a few second Maria appear in the doorway and stand there timidly . GEORGE come in . she step forward . 293 . mo . shot - the three GEORGE ( shrewdly ) I have get some bad news for you , Maria . my brother and I have decide we can not take you along . Maria 's face collapse . ? 562 ? maria ( small , frighten voice ) you can not take I ? she rush to George and throw she arm around he . maria but you promise I ! you promise to take I with you ! over she shoulder George look victoriously at conway , who cannot believe he ear . suddenly Maria wheel on conway . maria it 's all you fault ! it be all arrange until he speak to you ! why can not you leave we alone ? conway do you mean to tell I you want to leave shangri-la ? maria I will die if I have to stay here another minute ! I have wait a long time for this chance to go , and you be not go to stop I now . if I have to , I will go alone . it be I who bribe the porter . if it be not for I , you would never get out ! conway I think the porter have instruction from the High lama not to take anyone . maria the High lama ? who pay any attention to he ? the porter laugh at the High lama . all they want to know be how much gold he will give they . well , I give they more gold . I have be steal it for a year . I would do anything to get out of this place . to get away from that High lama - the one who call himself Father perrault ! why , he 's be insane for year ! conway Father perrault be dead . maria he 's dead ? that 's fine . you will not see I shed any tear over he ! ( plead ) oh George , you must take I with you ! conway ( quietly ) be not you afraid to leave ? you do not want to look like a old woman , do you ? maria Old woman ? chang tell you that , do not he ? conway yes . ? 563 ? maria I think so ! he tell everyone I be old . he want they to stay away from I . he can not stand it when anyone come near . he 's punish I for every minute I have spend with George . if it be not for he , I would have be out of here long ago , but he always stop I . six month ago , I try to escape and he lock I in a dark room . I nearly go crazy . ( pause ) look at I , Mr. conway , do I look like a old woman ? be this the skin of a old woman ? look into my eye and see if this be the eye of a old woman ? GEORGE she be kidnap and bring here two year ago just as we be , Bob . conway ( throw ) I do not believe it ! I can not believe it . she 's lie . ( wildly ) you be lie . you be lie ! every word you have be say be a lie ! come on , say it ! he have back she into a corner and be nearly throttling she . conway you be lie , be not you ? maria no , Mr. conway , I be not lie . what reason could I have for lie ? the chance be that we will never come out of that horrible trip alive , but I would rather die out there in a snowstorm and be bury alive , than to stay here one more minute now . thoroughly disillusion , conway emit a few cynical chuckle - shake he head - stare blankly for a moment . conway ( dead voice ) you say the porter be wait for we ? GEORGE yes . conway the clothes ? GEORGE ( alertly ) yes , everything ! conway what about the other ? ? 564 ? GEORGE I have already ask they . they be afraid to make the trip . we will have to send a expedition back after they . conway ( business - like ) come on ! we be waste time ! conway dash around and collect he thing . maria be you take I ? conway yes , of course . certainly . come on ! they start out the door and we . . . dissolve to : ext . in the garden 294 . mo . close trucking shot conway , George and Maria on they way out of the main building . the funeral procession continue around they . the two man walk together , Maria behind . George be cheerful and buoyant . GEORGE it will not be long now before we be in London . can not you just see everyone when we pop out of the blue ! conway 's jaw be set grimly . 295 . mo . shot as conway , George and Maria continue . GEORGE we will have they breathless when they hear we story . while he speak , conway turn he head around , look for a glimpse of sondra . 296 . medium shot - chang as he hurry out of the building and look out at they from a roof terrace . 297 . close shot - moving with conway as he continue to look back in sondra 's direction , although he keep in step with George . george' voice you have I worried for a while . I think you be go completely . conway turn he head away . 298 . three shot ( moving ) conway , George and Maria . George glance up at conway . ? 565 ? GEORGE ( sincerely - grin ) lucky thing for I you snap out of it , too . you save my life . I never could have make it alone . conway what be that ? GEORGE I be say '' conway can not you shut up ? must you go on babbling like a idiot ? George look up , startle . 299 . long shot sondra have come run out to stand anxiously beside chang . 300 . mo . close shot sondra and chang . sondra what 's happen ? where 's Bob ? chang he 's go , my child . sondra go ? chang but he will return . sondra oh no ! no! Bob ! shout , she rush off and the camera follows her as she race down a long flight of stair , call out conway 's name . 301 . trucking closeup - sondra as she run , call out conway 's name and weep . 302 . a series of shot show conway , George and Maria - accompany by a dozen or more porter - as they approach the mountain open where they first enter shangri-la . 303 . closeup - conway he hesitates at the open , look back one more time . his eye show confusion and defeat . George , ahead , call out to he to hurry . 304 . trucking medium shot - sondra as she stumble up the trail to the open , minute behind . the wind howl on the other side . she cry and weep , call out conway 's name , but he can no longer be see . ? 566 ? dissolve to : 305 . a series of shot which should be a group of portrait - show the group 's seemingly impossible journey back to civilization . this picture should be accompany by music in the appropriate mood . 306 . night shot accompany by the porter , they trudge laboriously through snow - ride plain . dissolve to : 307 . day the whole caravan be see in the distance , clamber up a mountain - side - hoist by rope . dissolve to : 308 . night in the middle of a vast plain . they attempt to put up tent , which prove futile , as a raging snowstorm rip the canvas from its mooring . dissolve to : 309 . day the large group be see lowering themselves in single file down a ledge alongside a ravine . the wind howl . dissolve to : 310 . day a mountain pass somewhere with a hailstorm swiping viciously across they face . they edge they way pre-cautiously across a narrow ledge . suddenly the girl lose she bearing - slip - scream - and be catch by conway just in time to save she from fall down the side of the jag mountain . dissolve to : 311 . mo . shot - night Maria have one arm around George and the other around conway - limping . she have she head down . they trudge silently . the porter be off in the distance , leave they behind . maria ( collapse ) I can not stand it . I can not go on anymore ! I have get to rest . she stumble and they help she up . George look off toward the porter helplessly . maria ( hysterical ) how long be this go to go on ? I can not stand it , I say . 312 . mo . shot of the porter , laugh at they distress . ? 567 ? 313 . mo . shot - the three GEORGE Bob , can not you get they to wait for we ? they be leave we farther behind every day . conway there 's nothing that would suit they better than to lose we , but we must go on . ( to Maria - gently ) come on . maria no , I can not ! I can not ! you have get to let I rest ! you have get to let I rest ! conway ( call out to the porter ) hey ! 314 . mo . shot of the porter , still laugh . the lead porter whip out a gun and fire at they for sport . 315 . mo . shot - the three they be in no danger . the porter be too far off . GEORGE ( contemptuously ) target practice again ! one of this day they be go to hit we . conway ( wryly ) as long as they keep on aim at we , we be safe . ( to Maria ) come now , child . they start to move again . 316 . mo . shot of the porter . they be still laugh , and now other have draw out they gun . firing off wildly , they trigger a ominous thunder overhead . 317 . mo . shot - the three look up , they see a avalanche beginning . 318 . a series of shot of the avalanche , pick up strength and fury as it crash downhill , sweeping over the porter and crush they to death . 319 . close shot - the three a immense silence come over they . conway and George can only stare , daze and frighten . the only sound be Maria , sobbing . dissolve to : 320 . medium shot - day a scene in which conway carry the girl on he back . George walk behind . the wind continue to howl . ? 568 ? 321 . closeup - GEORGE stare at the girl 's face as it hang over conway 's back . suddenly , he eye widen . 322 . closeup - maria a distort view of she . youth and beauty seem to be vanish . 323 . closeup - GEORGE his eye be glue on she . GEORGE ( a frighten whisper ) Bob ! Bob ! look at she face , Bob ! her face ! look at she face ! dissolve to : 324 . medium shot - night on the back of the two man , who bend over Maria . camera draw back as they straighten up . both stare down aghast at the girl , whom we do not see . 325 . another angle to include the girl . 326 . mo . shot of the three the only illumination come from the moon . we can not get a clear view of she face . but what we see seem to we to be small , withere and age . she be dead . the man stare at she intently . 327 . close shot - the two men who watch she , immobile . George look despair . slowly he head turn toward the cliff behind he - and he eye become alert with a idea . his face light up with great determination . he let out a piteous howl , and break away , racing out of scene . conway turn sharply and be horrify . conway George ! George ! 328 . a series of shot George stumbling toward the cliff , conway chase he . George , fall head over heel , rock on the edge - then plummete over , fall down , down into the darkness . 329 . wider shot conway , at the end of the cliff , peer starkly downward . dissolve to : 330 . a series of shot as conway soldier on , alone , through howling wind and snow . dissolve to : 331 . mo . shot - night on conway , struggle against a cyclonic wind . he top a rise , stumble , fall over , and roll down the mountainside , until finally he come to a stop , mound by snow . slowly , he begin to rise and start again . ? 569 ? dissolve to : 332 . dawn as the sun come up , conway emerge from the whiteness , feel he way forward with a walk stick . he walk with the pain and effort of a blind man , and just as he manage to cross a bridge span a great chasm , the bridge collapse . he stumble on . dissolve to : 333 . day conway , look haggard and more dead than alive , stumble out onto more dry and level terrain . he collapse to the ground . ext . native village - day 334 . medium shot a group of chinese in front of hut . they look up , see something off and commence shouting excitedly in they native tongue . 335 . medium long shot conway 's body from they angle . dissolve to : 336 . a series of shot newspaper headline : " conway found alive in chinese Mission " similar headline follow . newsboys hawk bulletin edition to milling crowd . top -level government dignitary confer . fade out : fade in int . foreign office 337 . full shot - outer section camera move forward pass a series of desk and clerk until it reach a clerk who be open several cablegram . finally he come to one which cause he eye to pop . muttering something under he breath which sound like " good heaven ! " - and without take he eye off the cablegram , he rise and start away . 338 . mo . trucking shot - clerk as he stride across to the end of the outer office - to a glass - panell door upon which we read " assistant to the foreign secretary " - through which he disappear . int . office of assistant 339 . full shot as the clerk enter , full of excitement . clerk cable from gainsford . assistant secretary oh , read it ! ? 570 ? clerk ( read ) " leave today for London with conway aboard s.s. manchuria . conway can tell nothing of he experience . be suffer from complete loss of memory . sign , gainsford . " one of the other in the room loss of memory ? assistant secretary all right , give it to the press . clerk all of it ? assistant secretary yes . might as well - all of it . clerk yes , sir . assistant secretary I will dispatch a convoy to meet he . 340 . a series of shot more newspaper headline report that conway have amnesia and other detail of he homeward journey . fade out : fade in int . office of assistant 341 . full shot another clerk enter with haste , bear another cablegram . clerk conway 's go again ! run out ! listen to this ! from gainsford . assistant secretary let I have it . ( take it and read aloud ) " aboard the s.s. manchuria . last night conway seem to recover he memory . kept talk about shangri- La , tell a fantastic story about a place in tibet . insisted upon return there at once . lock he in room but he escape we and jump ship during night at Singapore . be leave ship myself to overtake he , as fearful of he condition . wrote down detail of conway 's story about shangri - La which I be forward . Lord gainsford . " 342 . a series of shot more newspaper headline indicate gainsford have abandon he pursuit of conway and return to London . ? 571 ? fade out : fade in int . a grill room of a fashionable club 343 . full shot a scatter of man be present - some at the bar - other at table . 344 . mo . shot in a booth several man be seat . carstair ( look off ) here 's gainsford now . they all look off . 345 . long shot from they view . we see gainsford stand in the doorway , look around . he spy they and start forward . 346 . medium shot as gainsford arrive at the booth . the man rise with extend hand . ad - lib well , it 's good to see you back , Lord gainsford ! think you be never come . meeker will you have a drink ? sit down . 347 . mo . close shot at table as gainsford shake hand with they , and sit down . gainsford yes . scotch and soda . I be parched . robertson here you be , ready and wait . he push on in front of he . carstair we be most eager to know what you have discover . ad - lib any news of conway ? where be he ? do you bring he back ? all this be say as gainsford drain he glass . gainsford ( set glass down ) gentlemen , you see before you a very weary old man , who have just end a chase that last nearly ten month . meeker do you mean to tell I you never catch up with he ? ? 572 ? gainsford since that night that he jump off the ship until two week ago , I have be miss he by inch . wynant you do not mean it ! ad - lib think of it ! robertson he be as determine as that to get back ? gainsford determined ! gentlemen , in the whole course of my life , I have never encounter anything so grim . during this last ten month , that man have do the most astounding thing . he learn how to fly , steal a army plane and get catch , put into jail , escape . . . all in a amazingly short space of time . but this be only the beginning of he adventure . ( lean forward ) he begge , cajole , fight , always push forward to the tibetan frontier . everywhere I go , I hear the most amazing storey of the man 's adventure . positively astounding . until eventually , I trail he to the most extreme outpost in tibet . 348 . close group shot favore the other man , as gainsford continue . gainsford of course he have already go . but he memory - ah - he memory will live with that native for the rest of they life . the man who be not human , they call he . they will never forget the devil -ey stranger who six time try to go over a mountain pass where no other human be dare to travel , and six time be force back by the severest storm . they will never forget the madman who steal they food and clothing - whom they lock up in they barrack - but who fight six of they guard to escape . 349 . mo . close group shot gainsford still continue . gainsford why , they soldier be still talk about they pursuit to overtake he , and shudder at the memory . he lead they the wildest chase through they own country , and finally he disappear over that very mountain pass that they themselves dare not travel . ( take a drink ) and that , gentleman , be the last that any know human be see of Robert conway . ? 573 ? wynant think of it ! carstair by jove , that 's what I call fortitude ! robertson tell I something , gainsford . what do you think of he talk about shangri-la ? do you believe it ? gainsford ( think a moment ) yes - yes , I believe it . ( sincerely ) I believe it , because I want to believe it . they all watch he face , impressed by he tone . 350 . close shot - gainsford as he lift he glass . gainsford gentlemen , I give you a toast . here be my hope that Robert conway will find he shangri-la ! 351 . close group shot they all raise they glass . gainsford ( softly ) here be my hope that we all find we shangri-la . they be all impressed by the sincerity in he voice - and as they glass come together - camera move up to a closeup of they - and as the music start - the picture dissolves to : ext . somewhere in tibet - night 352 . closeup moving in front of conway - as he walk forward with a steady step - he head hold high - he eye sparkling - snow pelting he face . 353 . long shot over he silhouett back . as he walk away from the camera , and we stay with he a long time as he approach a hill . dissolve to : 354 . another long shot he have now ascend to the middle of the steep hill - he gait unchange . the camera pan up to the summit of the incline - and we see that beyond it the horizon be fill with a strange warm light . conway 's figure - in silhouette - disappear over the hill - bell ring - and as the music begin to swell [ 16 ] fade out . the end