L o S T I N S p a C E by akiva goldsman chapter 1 : Earth 2058 --------------------- fade in on : ext.-space pull back slowly as mar fill the frame , a sphere of red desert and fast rush crimson cloud . a triangular cargo ship descend from the dark of space . pilot ( over ) Mars mining base , this be Grissom one , request final descent vector . reverse angle ext.-mar a row of giant red mountain and beneath , on the planet 's surface , the spire of a mining base . illuminate landing crosshair alight a landing pad , beckone the ship . controller ( over ) Roger , Grissom one , this be Mars mining , you be clear to land . hope you get some partagas in that rust bucket , sal . ext .-edge of space the cargo ship change attitude , landing thruster firing as the vessel begin to penetrate the atmosphere . pilot I bring you the most amazing ... amazing , what , we will never know . the cargo ship begin to explode , the bubble bridge blowing out into space in a ball of fire . ext .- mar low angle from the planet 's surface - . two shape blast through frame , bubble fighter , single pilot , transparent globe , racing up towards the sudden star of the cargo ship at impossible speed . int .- bubble fighter Pov of the burn cargo ship , come towards we incredibly fast . speed , trajectory and tactical readout flash . ext .-cargo ship the pulse laser be still hammer the ravage hull . wider two sinister attack ship , they laser lock onto the cargo ship , FIRE away as they blast overhead . the nuclear core of the cargo ship overload , the craft finally exploding in a storm of fire . a bubble fighter roar through the hurl world of flame . push in . int .- bubble fighter a lone figure stand in a gyroscopic harness , work a head - up holographic display , command control spin 360 degree with the pilot 's comas the fighter scream after the flee raider . the harness spin , the pilot come clearly into view . handsome , intense , reckless eye . major don west . west sino-jordanian raider . they be claim the cargo ship violate they air-space . int .-second bubble fighter another pilot ( jeb WALKER ) command a identical craft , rocketing towards the assault craft just below West 's . jeb this cold war 's heating up . where do they come from ? int .- west's bubble fighter west Hell . and we be go to send they back scream . West activate he target computer . west last one to kill a bad guy busy the beer . targeting display-close . the flee attack ship jog in and out of the crosshair on West 's holographic array . West fire . ext.-space the attack ship shoot straight up , dodging West 's laser blast . int .- west's bubble fighter West close on the flee craft , as jeb engage the other attack ship , laser firing in the b.g. , visible through the transparent surface of the bubble glass under West 's foot . west what 's that sound ? must be the fat lady warming up . ext.-space the flee attack ship loop in mid-space , reversing direction , head straight towards West 's bubble fighter . a game of chicken . int .- west's bubble fighter West do not flinch . bear down , firing madly , the two space ship head straight for each other . west that 's right . come on , come on , you wanna play , I wanna play . ext.-space the two ship be rocketing towards each other , lock in collision vector , laser firing wildly . asdasd int .- west's fighter west I can hear she . oh , yes , oh yes . she 's gonna sing . targeting :display-close . the attack ship flash , capture in the target hatchmark . the display expands into a tactical grid . computer target lock . ext.-space imminent collision . int .- west's fighter the hull of the attack ship fill he bubble glass . west the light be dimming . the curtain 's come down . sing you fat , old bag , sing ! West hit the fire stud . ext.-deep space West 's pulse laser converge on the attack ship barely meter ahead , the roaring craft exploding directly before he . int .- west's bubble fighter ( over ) west scream as he shoot through the sudden conflagration of flame and debris , everywhere and then go , give way to the blackness of space and the starfield beyond . west show 's over . below , the second attack ship roar past , laser firing , lock in a pinwheel battle with jeb 's bubble fighter . ext.-space jeb' bubble fighter bank , avoid the high energy volley . almost . a laser burst graze he bubble fighter , the surface of he craft sparking , suddenly score with flame . int .- jeb' craft the attack ship be right behind he . jeb weapon be off line . jettison main drive core . ext.-space the thruster core of jeb 's bubble fighter blows off in a bolus of flame , soar back into the pursuit craft . the raider explode . int .- jeb' craft control be sparking . display flicker . ( over ) a alarm sound . computer warning . failure in redundant drive system . jeb -pov . the surface of Mars be rush up fast . computer Impact on in 90 second . jeb Mars Control . . . ext.-space jeb 's ship be barrel toward the planet . jeb ( over ) . . .this be Ranger one . int .- west's fighter jeb ( on radio ) ... engine will not respond . require assistance . repeat ... base ( on radio ) Ranger one this be Grissom base . rescue craft have be dispatch . ext .- mar mining colony Three small rescue craft race skyward . int .- jeb' craft computer Impact in 60 second . Mars fill the view screen . int .- west's craft the rescue craft be speed toward jeb 's fighter below . west Grissom , this be Eagle one . that pug will never reach he in time . base ( on radio ) Eagle one clear this frequency and return to base . don take a beat . then he spin he chair towards Mars , begin work the control . west this be Eagle one . I be go after he . base ( over ) negative Eagle one , you craft be not equip West hit he thruster . ext.-space West 's craft dive toward jeb 's ship and Mars below . int .- jeb' fighter Mars be come up fast . computer Impact in 30 second . west ( over ) jeb , do you have navigational thruster ? jeb Don ? west ( over ) it 's a yes or no question . Mars fill the windscreen . jeb check he status display . jeb marginal . but in the green . computer Impact in 15 second . west ( over ) head towards the canal . jeb what be you do ? west ( over ) save you ass . read towards the canal . now ! the canal streak face of the Mars be all jeb can see . he grab he throttle , engage he navigational thruster and pull . ext .- jeb' ship a tiny directional thruster fire , angle jeb 's craft so that it scrape the surface of Mars and dive into a giant canal , rocky wall rush up fast . int .- west's ship West be accelerate toward jeb . base ( over ) Major West , you ship be not equip for rescue . you be not authorize to jeopardize this asset . that be a direct order . acknowledge ! West slam a switch , deactivate he radio . west never like that station , anyway . he blast into the canal , wall rush up on either side of he . ext .-martian canal jeb 's tiny craft be plunging toward the rocky crater floor below . overhead West 's fighter appear , under full thruster , roaring towards the crater floor faster and at a sharper angle . int.-3eb's fighter the canal floor be rush up fast . computer Impact in five second . int .- west's fighter Don be blast toward the canal floor , almost as if try to beat jeb 's ship to a fiery impact below . computer warning . proximity alert . west jeb , I be go to give you a little kiss . do not take it the wrong way . ext .-martian canal West angle he ship directly under jeb . int .- jeb' fighter the expand surface of Mars , visible beneath he foot , be suddenly obscure by Don 's fighter , swoop under he ship . jeb Don , abort . abort . int .- west's fighter jeb 's fighter be visible overhead . West go up . Don angle the throttle . ext .-martian canal Don 's ship , sandwich between the surface of Mars and jeb 's fighter , angle up and , like a cue ball hit it 's target , knock jeb 's ship spin toward the safety of space beyond . West 's ship actually scrape the surface of the planet , send up a plume of martian dust . int .- west's fighter jeb ( over ) do this mean we be go steady ? West pull he throttle all the way back . ext .-martian canal West shoot up and out towards the dark of space . west ( over ) you be not get out of buy that beer that easy . the rescue craft converge on jeb 's ship as Don head for base . CUT to : chapter 2 : Mission objective ----------------------------- images-close . a sallow field . ( over ) a heroic , stringy anthem . vo imagine a end to world hunger . what if ample food and clean drink water be the birthright of all we planet 's child ? insert image -a dash hero , wind in he hair . JOHN robinson . vo this man , professor John Robinson , inventor of the faster than light hyperdrive can make that timeless dream a reality . insert image - airbrush face of a perfect family . the robinson . vo John Robinson and he family have be extensively train to take a ten year journey across the galaxy in the world 's most advanced spacecraft , the Jupiter . insert image-a tower launch dome glint in the morning sun . vo from a distant world , the robinson , will bring back a miracle ... insert image -a satellite photo of a planet . closer on continental patch , enhance to show deposit of a diamond like powder . vo dimondium can turn even worthless sand to fertile soil . Earth will be a garden . what kind of - future can we child look forward to ? insert image - Sun dapple , sway wheat . ( over ) Music crescendos . v0 a future without hunger . a future without suffer . Heaven on Earth . insert corporate logo .-a Coke bottle hurl towards the star . v0 this mission sponsor by the US Army and the coca -cola corporation . pull back to reveal will robinson ( 10 ) hide in a small space , watch the commercial on a jury -rigged , palm -size computer . he mimic the naylrator . will Coke . save the world for we child . ( a beat ) give I a hi-test break . will -pov . spy through the open slat of he bide place into ... int :-living room-afternoon Basic twenty first century modern . maureen robinson stand , talk with a principal who in less than happy . principal he hack we main power grid to run he experiment . the school be in chaos . we do not even have light . the room light suddenly dim . the principal flicker , reveal as a holograph , she head now sit on schwartzenegger body . Maureen laugh , then realize the principal have no idea she image be be distort . Maureen begin move about the room , surreptitiously glance behind couch , into cabinet . principal ( over ) this be no laugh matter , Mrs. Robinson . will be terribly gift . his little time machine , though pure fancy , be the product of a truly brilliant mind . the principal 's body have become twiggy 's . now that of a ape . Maureen pull open a closet . will sit inside . grin . will the change shape of education . maureen no more monkey business . will shrug , adjust he deck . the principal return to normal . principal the boy be starve for attention . be there no way he father could have attend the science fair ? ext .-houston - day probably Austin and Dallas too . Texas have become a giant urban sprawl spread into Mexico and beyond . immense industrial air purifier hang in a dark , wet sky . ext .-houston space command-establishing a giant dome top pedestal tower ever the skyline . int .-space command-mission control-day a man stand before a large viewscreen face the throng of PRESS . he 's a little uncomfortable with all the media attention . this be professor JOHN robinson . JOHN once we have land on Alpha Prime we on board robot will begin construction of a hypergate . on screen a hi-tech orbital gate be highlight and expand . JOHN by then , technician here on Earth will have complete a companion hypergate in we planet 's orbit . on screen a image of a orbital gate now under construction . JOHN once both gate be complete , ship will be able to pass instantaneously between they . the Jupiter can bring the dimondium back to Earth without the ten year delay of a return trip . reporter why can not you just use the Jupiter 's hyperengine to zap straight to Alpha Prime ? JOHN as you know , hyperspace exist beneath normal space . if you try to enter hyperspace without a gate on screen a graphic spaceship appear randomly in the corner of a turn schematic of the galaxy . JOHN you exit vector be random . there 's no tell where you would come out . reporter Professor , how be Captain Daniels recover from the flu ? will we still be able to pilot the mission ? John glance to the doorway where a uniform general stand . general lady and gentlemen , you come to get a look at the Jupiter one . do not you think you have wait long enough ? John hit a button and the room darken . a giant monitor reveal ... int .-launch dome a giant saucer sit connect to its launch pad by load belt , steaming fuel tube and spindle gantry . reporter ( over ) Professor , how do you family feel about leave the Earth behind .... JOHN ( over ) they could not be more excited . chapter 3 : Goodbye ! ------------------- ext .-robinson house-establishing a suburban colonial , the launch dome tower in the distance . penny ( over ) this whole mission suck ! int .-robinson home hallway-sunset penny robinson ( 14 ) furious , turn , look downstairs at Maureen . penny I do not want to stay home for dinner . I want to see my friend for the last time . she take a beat , blink away the tear . lift she wrist and turn on a video camera watch . she begin down the hall . video - Pov . penny 's face in the monitor screen . penny ... on the eve before she be tear from she friend , kidnap , hurl into deep space against she will , what thought fill the mind of the young Space captive .... int .- will room-sunset penny enter a strewn , boy ' a world . will be try to select item to place in a single pack canister mark : personal cargo . will will there be boy on Alpha centuri ? what will I wear ? penny when we wake up in ten year the video journal of penny Robinson , Space captive , will be devoure by million . I will be world famous . you on the other hand , will have be totally forget . penny show the camera she arm , cover by string of ribbon . penny the Space captive have decide to wear ribbon of support for fellow sufferer as she be drag into deep space , green for the ecological issue , white for human rights will you would probably gag if I describe the secondary infection loss of circulation can cause . penny seem about to speak , instead just smile , go to he bed and pull off the sheet , begin knotting they together . will what be you grin at ? penny I just find a upside to this mission . the think of jettison you body into deep space . penny knot the sheet into a rope , tie it to the bed-post . will lift several palm -size gold - plate star . each read : 1st prize . will dad say do not bring they . like anything I do matter to he . penny he never show , huh ? will maybe if I have actually break the time barrier he would have pay attention . penny do not let he get to you , kiddo . he just get busy with work be all . penny toss the rope out the window , prepare to climb . will so , that 's a no to family dinner ? penny let 's see , do I spend my last night on Earth watch Mom and dad pretend not to be fight again or get in ten year of make - out at the mall ... you do the math . will Mom 's gonna go thermal . penny what 's she gonna do . Ground I ? chapter 4 : Major West --------------------- int .-space command-corridor John and the General walk the metal passageway . JOHN we be lucky they do not press on Daniels , condition . general I figure a chance to look at the ship would keep the dog at bay . JOHN Ben , I be worried about jam in a replacement pilot at the last second . my family ' a on this mission . I need someone who 's more than just spit and polish . general I have get you man . he just do not know it yet . the General palm a access panel . a door hiss open to reveal ... int .-space command - conference room-continuous a figure stand stare silently out the window . Don West . he offer a salute . by he eye , West be clearly agitate . general at ease , Major . west Sir , why be I pull off active duty ? I salvage my craft and jeb 's . I will fight a court martial , General . general do you know Professor Robinson ? west by reputation only . ( to John ) you father 's battle strategy be require read at the Academy . general how much do you know about the Jupiter Mission , Major ? west the Jupiter be fully automated . the pilot fly the ship out of the solar system and land on Alpha Prime . it 's a baby sit job , sir . general Major , you be aware Earth 's resource be severely limited . west every schoolchild know we recycle technology will save the environment . send a family across the galaxy be a publicity stunt to sell soda to people of all age . general what I be about to tell you be classified . every schoolchild have be lie to . the recycle technology have fail . in less than two decade Earth will be unable to support human life . general we spun the ad campaign to give the mission a friendly face , keep people from panic in the street . we partner with Coke because the 900 billion this mission cost would have bankrupt the government . the sinojordanian Alliance know the truth as well as we do . they hope to reach Alpha Prime first - and if they do , I guarantee you , they will not share the dimondium with western demon like we . we crop will wither . we will be leave to die . west ... Captain Daniels do not have the flu , do he sir ? general Daniels be murder in he apartment last night . the flu story be a cover we feed the press . west Dan be a good pilot . a good man . general you rescue stunt over Mars be foolhardy . explain yourself , Major . west I have a friend in trouble . general you endangered a one billion dollar spacecraft , disobey a direct order because of a friend ? west yes sir . and I would do it again . sir. JOHN he will do . ( step forward ) general congratulation Major , you be the new pilot of the Jupiter mission . chapter 5 : Dr. Smith -------------------- ext.-desert-day Sun beat hard on a man who stand on a windswept sand dune , talk to a smartly dress businessman . man perhaps a brief jaunt down memory lane be require . I be contract to provide Daniels , apartment code . my work be do . businessman they find a replacement pilot , the mission be go ahead on schedule . man how tragic . for you . businessman we require more direct intervention . man I see . well , that will cost you . and , I be afraid my price have just become ... astronomical . ( over ) a knock . the man reach forward and press a button . the businessman , the desert disappear , only holograph . room light . light come up to reveal ... int .-mission control -medical lab the man turn , revealing a face as clever a he eye be evil . this be dr . zachary smith . he walk to the door , palm a panel , and the portal hiss open . a technician enter . technician Control have not receive the result of you final pre-flight exam , Doctor Smith . the Doctor move to a circular overhead light board around which be display the face of the crew of the Jupiter craft . remove the micro-file , hand they to the technician . smith the robinson be check out at one hundred percent . they be in perfect condition and ready to fly . he smile , so sweet you can barely see the malevolence behind it . smith wish they good luck for I . chapter 6 : welcome aboard ! -------------------------- int .-space command -walking Three small figure walk through a gantry towards the ship . general ( over ) the mission protocol be simple . Professor Robinson be in command unless you encounter a military emergency . in that case , Major West , you will assume command . the figure have come to the saucer entry -port . JOHN ( over ) welcome aboard , Major . int .- jupiter bridge - continuous Don , John , and the General enter . Don 's eye widen . West look like somebody sprung for the full extras package on this baby . reverse angle hi-tech heaven . two pilot , chair face a giant windscreen . Don walk to the console that stretch toward the back wall . JOHN some of this technology might be new to you . I will be happy to explain . west ( off the com ) cold fusion drive ( off the size console ) rambler - krey life Sciences station . Don stride to a pedestal in the center of the bridge . flick a switch and a holographic Jupiter craft appear on the launch pad . west holographic navigational interface . Don point to a row of man-size glass cylinder on the back wall . west cryosleep array . fully monitor . he approach the blast door that lead off the back of the bridge . west sick bay , remote ops , engineering and live quarter be below deck . hyperengine should be in here . Don hit a wall panel which open to reveal a immense engine room . JOHN if you have to baby sit , it 's not such a bad nursery , would not you agree , Major ? just then the elevator rise from the lower deck . on its circular platform stand a doctor in a lab coat . she walk to the General . doctor the cryosleep system be run at ninety five percent . general Doctor Smith approve the specs - doctor Doctor Smith be base physician . I be responsible once this ship be in flight . this tube have to keep the crew in suspend animation for ten year . they will be perfect or this ship will not launch . be that clear ? general absolutely , Doctor . JOHN Judy , I would like you to meet Major West . he 's take Mike 's place . doctor he 's heavier than Mike . we will have to re-calibrate . west I would be more than happy to discuss my dimension perhaps over dinner ? doctor West - I have read about you . something of a war hero , be not you ? west ( preen ) well , yes , actually . doctor that who can not think , fight . ( a freezing smile ) well , nice to have meet you . she head toward the readout . West turn to John . west that 's one cold fish I would love to thaw . judy ( turn ) I be not go to make it home for dinner , dad . West turn to John . dad ? west it 's go to be a long flight . ext .-robinson home -night light burn in the window . int .-robinson home -dining room -night John enter to find the remain of a elegant dinner on the table , candle never light , food never eat . John cross to a small scale model sit on the table . around it hang another gold plate 1st prize star . he smile . maureen ( over ) he win first prize again . he practically bring down he entire school . but he win first prize . Maureen descend the step in a bathrobe . join John . JOHN a non-work prototype for he time machine . sharp stuff for a midget . Maureen be silent . JOHN I be sorry about dinner . I have to work late . the new pilot - . maureen what you have to do be prioritize you family over the mission JOHN Maureen . this mission be about we family . so we can stay together maureen the perfect nuclear family . the most stable social unit , ideally suite for the isolation of a long journey into space . it 's all just pr , John . you be never home . Judy be become a ghost just like you . penny can not see past she own navel and will have to black out - he school , just to get he father 's attention . the perfect nuclear family in ruin . John stare at he wife . then he reach forward , touch she hair . JOHN I know , Maureen . I be scared too . a beat . then she move to he . and he hold she close . int .-robinson home -will room -night John stand in the yellow wedge of hall light . he touch something hang around he own neck . a pair of metal dog tag . wider will lie in he bed , eye close . asleep . a beat . John turn , head out into the hall . ext .-robinson home -night the bedroom light go out , a normal home against the backdrop of the launch dome tower in the distance . int .-space command -launch dome -night the Jupiter one stand amidst load gantry , final supplies roll into the ship on automated conveyer belt and lift . chapter 7 : primary directive ----------------------------- pan down two technician stand check off supplies on a lightpad . loading technician anything else ? loading technician # 2 I be show a late shipment from Mission Medical . Smith 's authorization . here it be now . hold on a canister that read : biological material : do not open , as it pass on the load belt . follow the drum as it wind along the conveyer , up a gantry towards the Jupiter one . push in ... int . - cargo drum Smith sit crouch inside , clean he nail . int .- jupiter one -lower deck a giant robot stand attach to its service bay . still . Silent . a service drawer slide open and a shadowy infiltrator emerge , he face visible in the dim service light . Smith . Smith approach the dock robot , place a small keypad device on the robot 's dormant cpu panel . Smith activate the device . smith you will forgive I if I forgo the kiss , my sleep behemoth . Smith hit a switch on the panel and the robot 's system indicator light into life . Smith type several key on the keypad . smith but the time have come to awake . robot robot be on -line . reviewing primary directive . one , preserve the Robinson family . two , maintain ship system . Three smith spare I the chatter . Smith tap the keypad . the robot be silence . Smith type again . smith what noble charge my steely centurion . sadly I fear you have far more dire deed in store for you . Smith complete he re-programming . Hit a switch . robot robot be on -line . reviewing primary directive . two hour into mission destroy Robinson family . destroy all system . Smith smile . remove the re-programming module . smith now that 's more like it . farewell my tin-plate pal . give my regards to oblivion . Smith climb into a chute mark waste disposal . int .- waste disposal chute Smith begin crawl down the chute . his tiny reprogramming module beeps . Smith activate a tiny , build in com-link . from the mic , the familiar visage of the businessman be project into the crawlspace over Smith 's face . smith I tell you never to call I here . businessman I see you have complete you mission on schedule good work , Doctor . and goodbye . the businessman smile . smith-close . puzzle . suddenly the tiny module in he hand overload , the flesh on he palm smoking as Smith be engulf in a electrical charge . he go out , he body perfectly still . chapter 8 : Launch ! ------------------ ext .-space command-morning the giant dome shine in the early sun . int - jupiter one John and Maureen face will and penny who stand now in they freezing tube . all wear silver flight suit . Maureen move penny 's hair from in front of she face . penny do not , mom . vogue say this will be the style in ten year . will will she wake up less annoying ? penny do he have to wake up at all ? maureen alright you two , enough . Maureen kiss she child . John move to will who reach to shake at the same moment John try to hug he . a beat . then John try to a shake as will go for the hug . a total miss . will back into he tube . maureen you get a C in paternal expression , Professor . but a a for effort . John kiss he wife , already in she tube . maureen you always get a a in that . judy do not let I shatter this unbridle display of affection , but we be run behind . JOHN ( enter he tube ) Major , she 's all yours . west I will try to give you a smooth ride . Judy walk the row , check they bio-monitors . enter she tube . judy Mission control this be Dr. Robinson . we be in the green . mission control ( over ) Roger , Doctor , you be go to initiate cryostasis . Don walk to Judy 's tube . west one question , Doctor . in there room in this tube for two ? judy barely enough for you and you ego , Major . drive carefully . ( touch she com -link ) initialize cryostasis tube . the tube rotate close around the robinson . suddenly each crew member be surround by a shimmer blue glow , brighten like a star and then subside . all stand fix in suspend animation . Don stare at the family a beat . he go to the main console . strap himself in . west Mission Control , this be Jupiter one . the robinson be asleep . we be ready to fly . int .-space command-mission control welcome to the future . bank of monitor manned by gum - chew , pink haire technician . a giant monitor show the Jupiter on the launch pad . the controller ( noah FREEMAN ) pull in to he console . noah Jupiter two this be Mission Control . you be at t-minus two minute and count . we be open the dome . monitor-close . the dome begin to part . ext .- jupiter one giant gantry retract . fueling line disengage . int .- jupiter one west external fuel pressure to zero . power main drive system . ext .- jupiter one the nuclear drive at the base of the saucer explode , the giant craft trembling , strain towards the sky . int .-mission control noah Jupiter one you be at ninety five percent . int .- jupiter one west Houston , main drive system to on line status . it 's showtime . ext .- jupiter one nuclear engine roar . the ship begin to rise in a bolus of flame . int .- mission control noah we have lift off . int .- jupiter one west requesting escape trajectory . int .-mission control noah Major , you escape vector in clear of all military and commercial traffic . op in go on you command . int .- jupiter one west Roger , Houston . West reach for a glow panel . west we be outta here . ext . jupiter one the atomic power source fire a focus blast , shoot the Jupiter through cloud and sky towards the black edge of space . int :-mission control the main screen show a graphic of the Jupiter 's trajectory as the ship arc toward the outer edge of the atmosphere . noah Jupiter one , you be clear Earth 's atmosphere . a cheer go up in the control room . ext .- jupiter one the giant saucer shell explode , revealing the inner ship , the glitter high tech shape of the jupiter two . int .- jupiter two Don watch as the Earth recede into a blue marble , flicker orbital billboard grow distant . smile at the familiar sight . west Jupiter one booster disengage . proceed towards mercury . ext .- jupiter two nuclear diode at the ship 's base spin into life , glow with atomic fire , the ship now head towards mercury and beyond . int .- jupiter two - lower deck the robot stand dormant in he service bay . hold on the close service drawer in the b.g. push in . int .-service drawer Smith lie still , unconscious in the dark compartment . int -jupiter two bridge mercury hang like a red moon in the front viewscreen . wider Don press a button and two giant blast shield close over the Jupiter two 's main viewscreen . west Houston , diverting all spacecraft control to the main computer . ( off mic ) eight year of flight training . he walk to the center of the bridge and activate the navigational holograph , image form in mid-air over the pedestal . holograph - close . the Jupiter two be visible , back by the planet of we solar system . west navigational holographics on line . ( off mic ) fifty combat mission . Don touch button and a highlight indicate the ship 's trajectory past mercury , around the Sun in a slingshot and into space beyond . west course confirm for slingshot exit of the solar system . ( off mic ) just so I can take the family camper on a interstellar picnic . Don walk to the freezing tube . he zip up he silver flight suit . west ten world series . my , nephew ' high school and college graduation . a decade 's worth of Sports illustrate swimsuit edition . ( a beat ) noah , ten year in a lifetime . West climb into he tube . int .-mission control noah sleep well , old friend . int .- jupiter two Don hit a switch and he tube close . a beat then he be engulf by the blue glow , freeze in space . the tube rise into the craft . ext .- jupiter two the ship fly on into the endless night . dissolve to : chapter 9 : destroy ! ------------------- int .- jupiter two - waste disposal chute -later Smith lie still . he start from a nightmare into ... - a nightmare int .- jupiter two - lower deck Smith scramble out of the chute , stare at he hand , the impression of the overload communicator sear into he palm . he spin around disorient . stumble to a close view screen and hit a stud . the blast shield open . Space . smith-close . shock . no word . the robot-close . in he docking bay . suddenly the automaton power up , light activate as he cpu come on line . smith no . Smith turn , slap the burn out programming module on the robot . smith disable program . no response . the robot continue to power up . Smith engage interface . initiate system shut -down . robot robot be on line . implement prime command directive . the robot disengage from the service bay , begin roll forward . robot Robinson family , destroy . smith no. cease . desist . the robot roll towards the bridge . robot all operate system , destroy . Smith grab a wrench from a tool bracket , leap for the robot . the robot swing once , send Smith fly into a flaring console . robot Jupiter two , destroy . int .-mission control-night Dark . a single techie ( annie ) man the watch , play holo - game with a stylus over she desk . screen flicker into life . annie what the - ? ( into a mic ) somebody wake up the chief . int .- jupiter two - bridge still . the bridge door open and the ambient light come on . the robot roll onto the bridge , face the cryosleep array . he extend he arm , a electrical charge arcing between he claw . robot Robinson family , destroy . he fire , a blast of electricity hit the cryosleep control . ( over ) alarm sound as the tube begin to descend , electricity sparking across the sleep robinson . smith ( over ) mechanical moron . you will kill we all . Smith , wrench in hand , rush the robot , be again hurl across the room . the robot turn towards the navigational computer . int .-mission control fully light . all the monitor be manned by sleepy techy . noah enter , take a coffee from Annie without break stride . , alarm flash everywhere . noah this mission 's over . wake they up . the techy begin work the control . annie no response , sir . I be sorry . int .- jupiter two the robot be face the navigational holograph in the center of the bridge . the electricity arc between he claw once again . robot operate system , destroy . Smith be slump against the bulkhead . he shake off he fall in time to see the robot fire at the navigational array , the holograph disappear in the flame of the explode pedestal . ext .- jupiter two the ship begin to veer off course , fall towards the sun . int . jupiter two the robot be roll toward the com . the freezing tube be quickly be engulf in flame . Smith stumble toward they control station . begins type madly . smith wake up , damn you . I can not stop this infernal contraption on my own . he smashes a glass panel that read emergency deactivate . the figure inside the lowering tube glow . all except Judy . the robot be before the com , electricity arcing between he claw . smith ( off the tube ) hurry up . hurry up . the robot fire at the main com , control exploding everywhere . the freezing tube begin to open , the robot spin to face they . John blink to life first . emerge , ducking a blast of electrical energy from the robot , hit the deck and roll . JOHN Maureen . the child . Maureen grab will and penny , pull they down just as the robot blow away they tube . John pull a laser pistol from a wall mount . JOHN disengage safety . gun voiceprint confirm . the robot spin towards John , fire a electrical charge - John dodge at the last instant , the graze blast burn he silvery suit , singeing he side , send into the wall , he gun fly . will dad ! will duck under he mother 's arm , scramble across the bridge . maureen will , wait . the robot fire at the scramble boy but miss , will disappear down the gunny hatch lead to the lower deck . don leap from he tube atop the robot 's back , try to grab the robot 's power source . the mechanical monster electrify he shell , send the Major fly . the robot turn to penny and Maureen . extends he arm toward they . electricity arcing between he claw . the two be do for . Maureen put she hand over penny 's eye . maureen look away , baby . the robot be about to fire . suddenly the robot freeze , he claw deactivate , he power light go to stand - by and he stand immobile . wider . will stand in the b.g. , he tiny hack deck in he hand . will robot . return to you docking bay and power down . robot Command accept . the robot turn and begin head for the elevator . all watch in amazement . will grin , a familiar mischievous gleam in he eye . will if the family will not come to the science fair , bring the science fair to the family . a explosion rock the ship . penny ( over ) Mom , look , it 's Doctor Smith . penny stand over Smith who lay crumpled in the corner . Maureen grab a emergency medi-kit from a wall clamp , toss it to penny . maureen pulse , respiration and bleed - penny Basic triage , lock down and stabilize . I know the drill . John be stand , help Don to he foot . west next picnic , no robot . Don move fast to the helm . the main view screen be still close , cover by giant metal blast shield . west Communications link be down . Maureen be at the life science console . maureen life support be at ten percent . try to bring secondary system on line . it 's not work . video monitor - Pov . penny be bandage Smith 's head , she bravado barely mask she fathoml4ss terror . penny explosion rock the ship . danger be everywhere , ' yet the Space captive be fearless as she ... a console flare . penny fight back tear , terrify . penny I want to go home now . Don be at the navigational system . west rerouting power from the secondary coupling . try it again . maureen find a power tap .... suddenly the light go on , the air compressor begin to hiss . maureen life support be back on line . west I can not get the blast shield open . we be fly blind . penny in work ever Smith , bandage he head . she run stimulator under he nose . Smith begin to stir , coughing . penny I have get life sign . ( wince ) Boy , somebody could use a breath mint . West turn , spot Smith for the first time . west ( to John ) try the emergency back -up . Don move to the fall figure , lift he up against the bulkhead . west Smith , what the hell - smith I be make a last minute check ... someone hit I from behind . Don almost busy it . then he notice Smith 's hand , grab it . burn-close . the reprogramming module 's distinctive , foreign signature sear into he flesh . west sino-jordanian technology . you be a goddamn spy . ( realize ) you do this . Don slam he against the bulkhead , begin drag he towards the airlock . the pilot hit a switch . the inner hatch open . smith stop . what be you do ? west drop some extra weight . maureen ( over ) help , somebody . please . reverse angle Maureen stand at Judy 's freezing tube . the young doctor 's cryofield be sparking on and off . maureen the thawing engine in break . can not get she out . she 's die . Smith use the distraction to palm - slam Don in the chin , knock he backwards . Don stagger , go again for Smith . smith touch I and the girl die . Don freeze in he track . smith you mission physician be indispose . I can save she life . but only if you spare mine . west I do not deal with dead man . smith kill I , I kill the girl . how much be you revenge worth , Major ? I will , of course , need you word as a officer that you will let I live . Don 's decision be lighting fast . west help she . JOHN I have get a com signal . suddenly the radio squawks into life . radio ... be Mission Control . do you read ? Jupiter two this be JOHN emergency power 's on line . I think I can get this blast shield open . viewscreen close . the blast shield part to reveal a giant fiery orb in they path . they be head directly for the sun . west uh-oh . int .-mission control noah stand over the com . the room be a madhouse . noah give I a telemetry projection . noah look up at the main monitor . the graphic of the Jupiter two be head towards the graphic of the sun . int .- jupiter two John and Don stand over the com . noah ( over ) you be way off course . we show you in the sun 's gravitational pull . west how long do we have ? noah ( over ) we count seven minute before you outer hull begin to melt . don strap himself into the pilot 's chair . west I be go to try for the mercury mine . smith stand at the freezing tube , penny and Maureen assist he . smith I will need Dr. Robinson 's portable gurney . I believe it be store in - penny I be on it . penny race off . Smith begin work the control to Judy 's freezing tube . maureen we trust you . ( sink in ) you try to kill we all . smith existence offer we nothing if not the opportunity for a endless series of betrayal . ( off she stunne expression ) there 's a world behind the world , Professor Robinson . lie once , cheat twice and everything become clear . do not mistake my deception for a character flaw . it be philosophical choice , a profound understanding of the universe . it be a way of life . maureen you be a monster . smith perhaps . but I be also the only one who can save you daughter 's life . penny reappear , a case in hand . she press a button and the case unfold into a hover , gyroscopicaly - levele gurney . maureen where 's will ? penny he 's futzing with that robot . smith alright , penny dear , I need you to short the power on my command . penny do he have to call I dear ? smith Professor , if you will assist I in lowering the body . Smith hand penny a wrench . smith penny , dear . now . Maureen nod . penny slam the wrench into the power circuit . the freezing field flare and deactivate , the tube swinging open . lifesign monitor-close . flatline . maureen she 's die . Smith and Maureen lower she onto the gurney . smith sickbay . move . penny , Maureen and Smith rush the gurney out the blast door towards sickbay just as the ship tilt madly . at the helm windscreen-close . the sun be grow ever larger . west unable to re-route to mercury . the sun 's pull be too strong . ( a beat ) noah , I need option . int .-mission control noah Major West we be unable to provide contingency . ( a beat ) I be sorry , Don . on screen -the jupiter two be head towards the sun . int .- jupiter two - sickbay penny , Smith and Maureen have transfer Judy onto a hi-tech scan - bed . a hover holographic schematic of Judy 's physiognomy appear over she , descend onto she body . smith no cardio- pulmonary or respiratory function . maureen body temp at 68 Fahrenheit . smith get she flight suit off . penny unzip the silver material as Smith work the console , highlight she holographic heart . smith clear . the holographic image of she heart beat once , then be still . smith again . clear . the light flicker on the bio-console , the holograph wink out . smith power 's down . maureen we be lose she . chapter 10 : initiate hyperdrive ------------------------------- int . - jupiter two don and John man the com . the sun be a raging fireball dead ahead . JOHN I have re-route all secondary system to the main drive . west she will not budge . shortest baby sit mission I have ever do . JOHN my family 's not go die in space . west I be open to suggestion . computer Outer hull breach in 30 second . int .-sickbay Smith begin pump Judy 's chest by hand . smith come on , child . fight . put a little heart in it . Smith step back , begin precise , staccato blow to Judy 's chest . smith the life .. . ( hit ) I save ... ( hit ) may be ( hit ) my own . Smith stop , press he ear to she chest - take she pulse . smile . maureen Judy ? baby ? a beat . then Judy open she eye , manage a weak smile . judy you should try to look less worried . it have a tendency to spook the patient . maureen ( to Smith ) thank you . Smith hold she gaze , he eye almost snake-like . smith you be a good woman , Maureen . any man could see that . I hope I have prove the well - be of you family be of great importance to I . perhaps , if you convinced you husband to trust I ... Maureen stare at he . a beat . she pull a laser from the wall . point it at he forehead . maureen stabilize she , Smith . because you only breathe as long as she do . int .- jupiter two bridge the ship be shaking in the mighty pull of the sun . Don be struggle to keep the ship stable . computer heat seal breach in 20 second . JOHN there 's get to be some way to get through this . don stare at he . west that 's it . JOHN what 's it ? west we can not get away from the sun . so we have to go through it . the hyperdrive - JOHN engage the hyperdrive without a gate , we could be throw anywhere in the galaxy west anywhere but here . int .-mission control annie we be get resident radiation distortion from the space craft . she must be break up . noah let I see that number , Annie . the techie hand he a sheet . noah look for a beat . noah Son of a bitch . he 's power up the hyperdrive . ext .- jupiter two the saucer be elongate slightly , change its shape as it prepare to enter hyperspace . int .- jupiter two bridge will scramble onto the bridge , head towards John who be work the main control panel . west hyperengine come on line . computer warning . heat shield breach . the sun cover the entire windscreen , a furious landscape of flame . JOHN hyperdrive at 100 percent . Major , you have the com . west Zero to 20 million mile a second in under a minute . let 's see what this baby can do . John take will 's hand as West engage the hyperdrive . West , John and will , be hurl backwards from the sudden acceleration , stick to the wall and ceiling respectively . int .-sickbay Maureen and penny watch as Smith swaddle Judy in thermal blanket . suddenly , Maureen , penny , and Smith fly against the wall . Judy be hold in place by the gurney strap . int .-mission control the graphic of the space craft be beginning to flicker as it merge with the graphic of the sun . annie we can not keep a fix on she , sir . she 's start to disappear . noah stare at the screen . noah godspeed . ext.-space the Jupiter two fly into the mighty ball of the sun . and just as it reach the tallest of the gaseous mountain , the ship become translucent , fall through the orb , elongate and then vanish in a sudden star of hyperspace . int .- jupiter two the windscreen . the sky break apart give way to a starfield . ext.-deep space quiet . empty . suddenly space distort and , in a sudden flash , a ship appear , hurl into the darkness . the Jupiter two . the Jupiter two come to rest at the edge of a alien , twin star solar system , near a giant crimson planet . chapter 11 : lose in Space ------------------------- int .- jupiter two -infirmary Maureen kneel before penny and will , make sure they be okay . Smith stand silently in the b.g. Judy 's gurney be empty . John enter , he face wringht with fatherly concern . JOHN be everyone okay ? maureen all in one piece . although Major West have the most puzzle definition of a smooth ride . JOHN Judy ? where 's Judy ? just then Judy emerge through a door , zipping up she flight suit . judy Boy either I cut down on the coffee or sew in a flap . it 's hell get in and out of this thing . JOHN be you - judy vital be normal . pulse and respiration seem to be - JOHN baby , be you okay ? judy I be fine daddy really . John hold she close , spare a father 's worst fear . smith will every disaster be a excuse for familial sentiment ? please tell I now so I may gather up a liberal supply of space sickness bag . Don turn towards Smith . Maureen step between they . maureen what happen , John ? where be we ? int .- jupiter two - bridge Don in at the navigational holograph , patching sparking wire . the rest of the crew emerge onto the bridge . west you have I worried , doc. Nice to see you thaw . judy smart maneuver with the hyper-drive . west a fighter who think , what do you know ? you be just in time for the show . Don make a connection . the pedestal power up , a holograph of the Jupiter two appear over its surface . west Computer , map we current location . holographic pedestal-close . the area around the Jupiter two be now fill with a holographic representation of the alien solar system . JOHN see anything familiar ? Don just shake he head . computer search for recognizable constellation . ( a beat ) unable to locate . JOHN this computer have star map of the entire know galaxy . penny we be lose , be not we ? Judy wrap she arm around she sister . west what the hell be that ? viewscreen - close . the nearest planet be start to glow . suddenly a distortion field begin to emanate from the alien world . the edge of space seem to sear away , leave a glow portal . JOHN any effect on the ship ? west no . viewscreen -close . all the planet and constellation beyond the portal appear to be in different place . JOHN ( off the navigational hologram ) all the planet have move . west and where do that come from ? chapter 12 : the proteus ----------------------- ext.-space break the inner edge of the portal , a long silver space needle catch the light from the dual sun . int .- jupiter two the crew man they station . only will be absent as they the ship maneuver around the portal . viewscreen -close . as they , move behind the portal it seem to disappear , show only the blackness of space . no ship beyond . west it 's go . JOHN no . go back in front of it . ext .- jupiter two as the ship move back in front of the portal , the hole in space be visible again , the giant probe ship reveal once more within ... JOHN it 's a hole in space . a doorway . west a doorway to where ? JOHN if we want to reach that ship , we be go to have to find out . ext.-space the Jupiter two fly through the pulsing hole in space . int .- jupiter two the giant , silver ship loom in the windscreen . maureen no apparent effect on the ship . west I be hail on all frequency . no response . JOHN there be some marking on the starboard side . can you throw some light on she ? west do not know if the exterior spot be work .- there we go . the windscreen-close . powerful spotlight hit the ship . west and john-close . and really surprised . west if this in all a dream , why can not there be more girl ? the spaceship-close . essentially a needle cover with metal scallop . on its hull , under the legend proteus , a american flag . west I have never see a design like this . what be that scale on she hull ? JOHN how could Earth launch a ship this massive and neither of we know about it ? ... it just do not make sense . west this scanner be damage , I be get inconsistent life sign but they may be sensor ghost . JOHN maybe she computer 's still up . I be try standard remote access code . on screen -a docking ring on the giant ship come to life , giant flood come to life , the docking aperture rotate open . west what do you know ? ext.-space the Jupiter two head towards the giant ship . int .- jupiter two JOHN can you give I some light on the secondary docking ring ? a smaller docking ring be illuminate on the viewscreen . west what do you make of that ? attach to the starboard docking ring be another , smaller craft . its snake anthropomorphic line be not of human design . maureen boy , I think we be have a close encounter . ext.-space the Jupiter move into the docking ring of the giant ship . int .- jupiter two ( over ) a giant thud as the Jupiter two dock with the probe . robot ( over ) crush . reverse angle . the robot in roll in through the doorway , arm wave wildly before he . robot crush ! kill ! destroy ! Don and John be up fast . but the robot just roll to a stop . will step from behind the automaton , he hacker 's deck in he hand . he pull a tiny mic from he deck . lift it to he lip . will crush . kill. destroy . robot crush ! kill ! destroy ! will point to several jury - rig modification . will I hack into he cpu , bypass he main operate system and access he sub-routine . he 's basically run on remote control . all stare at he . penny finally speak . penny show off . int .- jupiter two - crew quarter -later penny stand guard , a rifle in she hand , talk into she recorder . penny and so the Space captive find herself help the robinson by guard the traitor . and she find - penny 's voice trail off . stare out the porthole . Endless space . penny she find that out here , in the dark and cold , she 's scared , and she 's kind of glad they be all together . just then Don approach , a silver bundle under he arm . penny identify yourself , soldier . west West , Major , United Space Force , request permission to see the prisoner . penny step aside . penny proceed Major West . Don smile , wink at she , go through the door . penny ouch . could he be cuter ? I do not think so . int .-smith's cell actually a med-lab . Smith turn to face Don a he enter . smith this quarter be totally unacceptable . I demand - Don toss he bundle on the seat . a silver flight suit . west we be go to check out the probe ship . maybe we can figure out how they get here . and how to get home . smith ta-ta . have a wonderful trip . west you be come with we . smith out of the question . I be a doctor not a space explorer . you and - but Don be in he face in a heartbeat . west what you be be a murderous saboteur and I be not leave you on this ship so you can do more harm than you have already cause . smith I absolutely refuse - west ( closer ) give I a excuse to kill you . please . Smith stare at he a beat . then he smile , look to the flight suit . smith Silver always be my color . int .- jupiter two - lower deck will stand in front of the robot , polish a blast mark clean . will when board a mysterious spacecraft , it always pay to look you best . John enter , remove a gun from the weapon locker . JOHN deactivate safety . gun voiceprint confirm . rifle be active . gun-close . a small light go from red to green . JOHN you do a good job up there son . you save we all . will thanks . a awkward silence hang between they . JOHN I know I have not around much this day . that we have not have time to - west ( over ) Professor , we be ready . John look at he boy will in silent . JOHN will , you be the most important thing in the world to I . I hope one day you will be able to see that . with that , John walk out . will stare after he . face the robot . will take care of my dad , okay robot ? will work he remote , send the robot towards the bridge . int .- probe ship a long dark corridor . slowly the ambient light come up . a door open to reveal Smith , John , Don , Judy and the robot , step out of the docking chamber , the airlock close in the b.g . judy the air be stale . Old . smith that 's the smell of ghost . Don walk to a computer panel set into the wall . begins type . west I be interface with the on board computer ... odd . JOHN not work ? west no , it 's just , I do not know , too fast . most of the system be down . the robot roll deeper into the alien ship . the other follow . more light flicker into life , illuminate the long corridor ahead . judy motion sensor be still work . west ( over ) what do you make of this ? Smith , John and Judy join Don at one of the bulkhead wall . JOHN some kind of hieroglyphics . wall-close . a series of hieroglyphics be scrawle on the hull wall . the sketches tell a story . hieroglyph-close . the alien craft dock with the giant ship . second hieroglyph-close -a trio of inhuman bipedal stick figure enter the giant ship . third hieroglyph-close . the shape of a sun or a disc , from which jut many leg . this final hieroglyph be circle in a clotted red substance . Don touch the stain . chapter 13 : Exploration ----------------------- judy if I do not know better I would say this be blood . smith I know a omen when I see one . I suggest a hasty retreat . west just imagine we be retreate in the opposite direction . now , move it . Don shove Smith forward with the butt of he laser rifle , the group head deeper into the quiet ship . int .- jupiter two will watch through the robot 's Pov , toggling to move the automaton forward . a readout mark audio flash . will turn up a volume control . ( over ) the sound of a slow , steady drip . will dad , do you .... int .- probe ship robot ... hear something ? the robot turn , begin head further down the corridor . ( over ) now dripping can be hear by all . smith like the drip , drip , drip of blood .. west you really need to shut up . JOHN ( point ) here . the ceiling show a jag hole , cover with some kind of viscous membrane , lead to the dark of a service tunnel above . the membrane drip steadily onto the floor below . judy that material appear biological . smith nothing good will come of this . west what make you such a expert ? smith trust I , Major . evil know evil . JOHN let 's find the bridge . maybe we can get some answer . they head off . hold on the drip membrane . int .- jupiter two Maureen be at the main sensor console work a instrument panel . penny be hang upside down in a harness overhead , use a laser welder on a giant mass of expose ceiling circuitry . penny try it now , Mom . Maureen throw a switch . the panel light up , then go dead . penny damn . int .-ship - walking the board party stand at the end of the corridor . Don press a wall panel . the giant door hiss open to reveal ... int .-main bridge immense . empty . and battle tear . section of the control have be blow away . blast scoring mar the wall . judy what the hell happen in here ? west some kind of fire fight . look at this technology . I have see some of this before . on the draw board . Smith have move off slightly , wander over to a storage alcove . within , a row of dock robot , larger and sleeker then ours . John and Don be power up the com , console light come on . JOHN can you bring up the Captain 's log ? west the data have degrade . I be go try and gather any fragment I can . there be not much , but ... here we go . MAIN screen-close . fill with snow . then a figure can be see . it 's jab . but he hair be grey . west jeb. jeb the hyperspace tracker seem to be function ... ( static ) no sign of the Jupiter two ... jeb ( static ) have exceed we mission timetable by two ... ( static ) I be not willing to give up . Don would keep look for I . west that 's it . the rest of the data be totally corrupt . in the alcove , Smith frees a power pack from one of the robot . slip it into the sleeve cuff of he field suit . west this do not make sense . how could they launch a rescue mission for we when we have only be lose a day ? Judy stand by the life science panel . judy I have get something here . a turn holograph appear over the console panel . a degrade image of a tremble , viscous pouch . tiny shape move within . judy they bring it up from the planet 's surface . it 's seem to be some sort of egg sack . Don notice Smith 's stand in the storage alcove . west Smith , step away from there . smith happy to oblige , Major . although I do not think it 's I you should be worry about . but rather this . in the corner of the ceiling , another membrane cover hole . int .- jupiter two will be at he station , watch Don and John via the robot 's Pov . will I be detect motion . behind you ... int .- probe ship bridge a tower shadow shoot past the open doorway . JOHN after it . move . ( to the robot ) bring Smith . int .- probe ship -corridor Don race down the corridor . the wall be matte with flowering plant . vine twist into a carpet cover the metallic floor . the scurry shape , about the size of a small dog , shoot out from behind a bulkhead , disappear into the lush greenery . Don push forward through the ever deepen brush until he come to a door . a plaque read hydroponics lab . he race inside . int .-hydroponics lab a jungle . John and Judy arrive behind Don . west this explain where all the plant come from . judy growth like this would take decade . the robot arrive through the lab door , carry Smith in one claw . smith unhand I , you mechanical moron . Don 's eye fix behind Smith 's head . west do not move . smith I be sick of you terrorism . if you be go to kill I , be do with it . otherwise I will insist you treat I with the respect and - west ( like steel ) I say do not move . Smith be suddenly silent . Don 's hand shoot out , just miss Smith 's head , disappear into the brush behind he , leave fly , as-he pull from its hide place a small creature . about the size of a large stuff bear , spiny skin go from leaf color to red , shape like a rhesus monkey but cover with the scale of a tiny dragon and bright yellow cat 's eye . int .- jupiter two will be watch through the robot 's eye . will neat . int .- probe ship -hydroponics garden West stare down at the creature in he hand , now a calmer and more friendly blue . Judy approach . judy well , who do we have here ? as the beast struggle in Don 's hand it change color , chameleon like , try to hide . no luck . Don hold fast . west easy there , little buddy . no one 's go to hurt you . smith how do you know it will not hurt we ? Don have begin stroking the creature 's head . after a beat , the small beast begin to coo and emit small blipping sound . judy look like you have make a friend . you have a good bedside manner , Major . west I be go to let that one go . smith how charming . Doctor dolittle of outer space . judy where do you think it come from ? JOHN it 's possible this be one of the creature represent in the hieroglyphs we see on the wall . it must have be they ship attach to the other docking ring . the beast have move onto Don 's shoulder , be now clutching there , bury its tiny face into he neck . Don can not help but laugh . west it look like a child . smith if so , my dear Major , what do you suppose happen to its parent ? JOHN let 's get back to the bridge . as they leave , a dark shape skitter across the ceiling in the background . ominous . unseen . chapter 14 : giant spider ! -------------------------- int .- jupiter two penny be still hang overhead . penny I think I have get it . the sensor console come back to life , display lighting , status light go green . Maureen stare at the monitor . maureen that 's strange . screen-close . revealed in the sensor scan , the scallop pulse with ambient heat . penny land beside she . penny that scale be give off heat . int .- probe ship - bridge John be at the com . JOHN I have tapped into the internal sensor array . besides we , this ship be totally desert . smith a ghost ship . Don be sit with the tiny creature . he pull a ration pack from he pocket . turn it over in he hand . west and the flavor of the day be ... banana / beef . who think up this combination ? the creature stare at he intently as he tear open the foil lip , suck a bit loudly . Judy can not help but smile at he . west mm. good . smith Major West , I highly recommend you never breed . that by the way be my medical opinion . Don glare at he , hand the tiny creature the pouch . the creature look at it , emit a small blip , take a tentative suck . its eye widen in delight as it begin to suck the ration pack . west Little thing be hungry . smith good Lord , who will - spare we the tyranny of the sentimental ? ( over ) a distant , high pitch whine . penny do you hear something ? suddenly the creature begin to scream , leaping on Smith 's back , cling to he neck for dear life . smith get this infernal creature off I . the whine be grow louder . it seem to be come from above . the ceiling -close . there , in the corner , the membrane cover the hole seem to be tremble . west this can not be good . smith you have a remarkably keen sense of the obvious . int .- jupiter two Maureen stand with penny at the main sensor station . maureen John , get the hell out of there . on screen . the silver disk on the hull of the probe ship be beginning to move , rise to stand now on spindrale leg . ext .- probe ship head and leg emerge , the disk reveal themselves to be armor plate spider . the monster find viscous hole in the outer hull and push through , vanish into the probe ship . int .- jupiter two ( over ) a thud . the Jupiter two shake , as if strike . maureen give I a external view . penny work the console . on screen . spider be leaping from the probe onto the Jupiter two . int .- probe ship - bridge the lizard monkey 's scream have reach new height of hysteria . a shape begin to push through the viscous bole in the ceiling . what burst in be a monster out of nightmare . nearly half the size of a human , shiny metallic body from which wet , spider - like limb extend . a fang cover v aw open below ravenous , green eye . Don draw he laser and fire , but the blast only reflect off the metallic surface of its torso , force the creature to retract its limb and eye , hide within its protective shell . JOHN evacuate . now ! the team race for the door as several more spider drop through the hole in the ceiling , landing in the bridge and scamper fast towards we flee heros . int .- probe ship -tunnel the board party race down the corridor . the spider be bound after they , use wall , floor , and ceiling with equal facility . int .- jupiter two will be madly work he keyboard , control the flee robot . will this joy stick be too slow . activate holographic interface . a holographic robot appear on the bridge . will step inside , the image now move with he body . he spin , face backwards , fire . int .- probe ship the robot be hold up the rear , its torso swivel backwards so it can retreat and FIRE simultaneously . the robot 's plasma blast have more effect than - the laser , blow the spider into tiny piece of inhuman flesh and metal . but more monster be pour through the hole in the corridor ceiling , some give chase , other swarm injure comrade . Judy watch as several spider devour they fall brethren . judy they eat they wounded . we heroes race to a nexus , corridor lead off in all direction . spider be drop from the ceiling around they . JOHN which way ? int . - jupiter two will -pov . a graphic map flash within the holograph . will turn leave . int .- probe ship - corridor robot now right . the spider be swarm , close fast . JOHN get to seal the bulkhead . west the door control be at the other and of the corridor . judy the fire sensor . Judy pull she gun , fire , hit a ceiling sensor at the end of the corridor . blast door slam , sealing out most of the spider . don-close . impress . blast doors-close . Metal tooth begin tear through the steel . we group have make it to the door to the docking bay . they rush in , the robot come through the open doorway last and hold there . int .- probe ship - docking BAY Don activate the airlock to the Jupiter , the batch slowly open . the robot stand in the doorway to the docking bay , firing at the spider as they come down the hall , blow they away . more pour through the now rending blast door . there be just too many , roll towards they now like a single , shifting mass of death . smith open , damn you . west it 's cycle a vacuum check . there be no way to speed up the protocol . smith fool . I warn you not to come aboard this curse craft . you have kill we . you have kill we all . Judy throw he , hard , into the wall . judy shut up . west now that 's a bedside manner . the first spider reach the robot , leaping onto its metal bull . int .- jupiter two Maureen and penny be at the com , power up the engine . will be within the holograph , fight off the spider . will charge . int .- probe ship - docking BAY the robot 's shell electrify , the spider recoil . the airlock have open enough for we heroes to duck inside . JOHN will , get the robot in here . the robot stand in the open portal , cover by spider , they fang shredd he hull , he electrical charge beginning to short . int .- jupiter two will be throw off the monster , extend the robot 's antenna spike and scanner dish to skewer spider that be squeezing by . will I can not move he without let the spider into the ship . int .- probe ship - docking BAY JOHN leave he behind . int .- jupiter two will I be sorry , robot . int .- jupiter two - docking BAY a spider push past the robot , head slip around he metallic body , bent on reach the airlock and the crew within . int .- jupiter two - airlock JOHN seal it . now ! Don hit a switch just as a spider break free , rush towards the drop airlock door . Smith recoil from the swiping talon . smith's back-close . a tiny rand and beneath , a razor thin incision . the door drop , the spider 's arm , still twitching , severe inside the airlock . int .- jupiter two the inner airlock door open . the crew tumble in . JOHN get we out of here . Don be already power up the ship 's engine as Smith try separate himself from the tiny lizard monkey . smith get this cloying gargoyle off of I . he throw the beast hard across the bridge . the creature hit the wall , screeching , begin racing across console . John have strapped in beside Don . JOHN get I a external view . a monitor show the hull of the Jupiter two . more spider be leaping onto the ship , attach themselves to the hull . JOHN prepare to disengage . the lizard monkey skitter up the back of penny 's chair , over she head , get tangle in she hair before jump into she lap . penny get it off I . get it off . penny in frantically wiping the hair from she face . the tiny creature on she lap begin a perfect imitation of penny . Don release the docking ring , glance at the monitor . the hull of the ship be now entirely cover with spider . west initiating separation . lizard monkey' eye widen in terror as the ship shake , bury its head in penny 's chest . a beat . then penny hug the tiny beast . penny it 's okay . everything 's go to be alright . but she sound anything but sure . west we be clear . everybody hang on . int .- jupiter two the Jupiter two 's engine blow , peel into the endless night . int .- jupiter two ( over ) alarm sound . judy I think that thing be use the probe ship as a way to trap food . west that I 's probably what happen to the monkey 's parent . we be go to be desert . maureen but what happen to the crew ? JOHN nothing good . west we be not out of the wood yet . on screen . the hull of the Jupiter two be cover with the giant spider , they tooth cut through the outer hull . west let 's see how this monster like a hundred thousand volt . ext .- jupiter two the hull glow with electricity . the spider fly off into space , they limb and head retract . west and the crowd go wild . smith recall you nightmare from childhood , Major . monster be rarely so easily dissuade . ( over ) a thunk . then another . a third . on screen - the spider shoot web from they belly , attach to the Jupiter , land on the hull again , re-extend they limb , start to burrow once more . west persistent bastard . JOHN can you hit they again ? west every time I electrify the hull , I be drain we system . once or twice more and we be go to be dead in space . smith a fate I fear may be inevitable one way or another . Maureen emerge from the airlock hold the spider 's severe limb in metal tong . carry it to she life science analyzer . JOHN that 's the same expression you have when my mother come to stay with we . maureen' monitor-close . a graphic of the severe spider leg . a small line begin to extrapolate to the rest of the figure . musculature and flesh be draw in on the screen . maureen DNA extrapolation - come up . silicone base . admantium shell and lack of respiratory system suggest a ability to live in deep space . tiny front brain imply communal relationship . more like bee . view creen - close . more and more spider be spiraling from the probe ship , all head toward the Jupiter two . west there be thousand of that thing Maureen be work the computer . maureen they may be attract to heat and light . Don begin type . west with the right command code , I can light up the probe ship from here . monitor-close . more spider be hit the bull . west damn . no response . JOHN Command code be sequence . try the next series . west but they will not work until the next fleet of ship be build . that 's at least two year away . JOHN just do it . Don begin enter command code . the mighty probe ship begin to power up , engine glow red as they begin they initial burn . west how do you know ? JOHN think about it , Don . the ship 's advanced technology . you friend look old . what if that ship be from we future ? computer warning . Outer hull have be compromise . screen-close . spider be eat through the outer hull . maureen it 's not work . JOHN can you get the fusion drive on line ? ext.-space the probe ship be fusion drive FIRE . a few of the spider divert back toward the probe ship . but most still head for the Jupiter . int .- jupiter two west let 's turn up the heat . Don engage the thruster , grab the throttle . ext.-space the Jupiter two bank toward the probe ship , head directly for the wake of the fusion drive . int .- jupiter two computer ( over ) warning . Inner hull breach in twenty second . JOHN give they a little encouragement . west electrify outer hull ... now . ext .- jupiter two the outer bull flash with electricity , the spider jump off . Don pilot the craft directly through the wake of the fusion drive . the spider jump off , begin attach themselves to the nacelle of the giant probe ship . int .- jupiter two on screen the giant spiral of spider in now head back towards the giant probe ship . JOHN get we out of here . fast . Don look at John a beat , then he begin work the control . JOHN what be you do ? west never leave a enemy stronghold intact . one of you father 's first rule of engagement . Don hit a button . on the remote control console a readout begin to flash . the message be simple : fusion drive-overload . JOHN Don , stop . that 's a direct order . we might need to salvage - west this be a military emergency . that mean I be in command . JOHN Don , no . I be order you - west I hate spider . Don hit a button . the panel light flash : overload . west hang on , it I a gonna be a bumpy ride . Don angle the ship away , punch the thruster as the probe ship 's engine begin to glow . ext.-space the probe ship 's nuclear core overload . the engine begin to glow , venting plasma and then explode like a nascent star . the blast wave spread across space , vaporize the spider . the blast wave hit the Jupiter two . int .- jupiter two the ship be buffete by the shock wave . west I can not hold she . ext .- jupiter two the ship be knock into the atmosphere of the giant planet below . int .- jupiter two Don be struggle to keep control . west we be go down . ext .- jupiter two the ship be hurl toward the planet 's cloud obscure surface . int .- jupiter two the windscreen be fill with a rushing blizzard . west can not get the stabilizer on line . JOHN pull up . pull up . west really ? no kid ? thanks . windscreen - close . the storm cloud suddenly part to reveal ... a giant snow cover mountain range . Don bank the control . ext .- jupiter two the ship tilt on its side , pass between two snowy peak , still plunging towards the planet 's wintry surface below . int .- jupiter two west I be read a clear ahead . I be go to try and make it . ext.-planet's surface the Jupiter two blows over a carpet of snowy treetop , the canopy of leave burst into flame from the friction of the hull . int .- jupiter two the surface be come up fast . west get to slow we down . ext.-planet's surface the Jupiter two hit the surf ace of the water and skip , once twice , three time across the alien sea . int .- jupiter two west brace for impact ! the ship smashes into a crater mile long , plowing through rock and vegetation , finally come to rest near one of the crater wall . int .- jupiter two still . Automatic fire system spray gas everywhere . only the dimmest emergency light cast any glow . JOHN everybody , by the number . Maureen straighten , rub she neck . maureen life Sciences , still breathe . judy Mission medical , I be alive . will I too . robotics , I mean . penny video mechanic , okay . smith I be alive , Major West 's poor excuse for piloting skill not withstand . west let 's take a look . Don hit a switch , the windshield de-ice , become clear . penny I do not think we be in Kansas anymore . reverse angle before they lie the crater , snow cover floor spread out towards a distant horizon stain red by two hang crimson sun . chapter 15 : follow order ! -------------------------- ext . - alien landscape -night the moonless sky be fill with a utterly alien starfield . the Jupiter two sit near the wall of the crater , its tiny light fight the otherworldly darkness . JOHN ( over ) you violate a direct order . int .-engine room cavernous . John and Don stand by the giant drive engine . Don be hold a cylinder contain a mixture of power chip , some glow with radioactive fire , other dull and char as coal . west about half the core material be burn out . we will never generate enough power to break orbit . JOHN I tell you not to blow that ship 's reactor and you do it anyway . west come on , Professor , give it a rest . I be technically still in command . JOHN do not hand I that . I be commander of this mission . west look , no offense , but you be a egghead with a honorary rank . no one ever intend you to handle combat situation . you be spout some nonsense about - time travel while that spider pose a continue threat . I make a judgement call and if I have to I will make it again . Hell , you of all people should understand that . if you father be here - JOHN my father be not here . my father be dead , kill in one of he combat mission you so admire . my family be on this ship and you be go to follow my order . whether you agree with they or not . be that clear , Major ? Don 's face be right up in john' . west save the speech . I like you . but the fate of the Earth be at stake here . I be go to do whatever I think it take to ensure the success of this mission . with or without you help . be that clear , Professor ? the two be too close to do anything but kiss or fight . kiss seem less than likely . maureen ( over ) be I interrupt something ? wider . Maureen stand in the doorway . maureen no. really . I think you two should go ahead and slug it out . I mean , here we be strand on a alien world and you boy want to get into a pissing contest . so please , go for it . I will have Judy down here in a heartbeat to declare you both unfit and I will take over this mission . now I do not want to hear another word from you two until you can play nice . be that clear ? JOHN west Maureen - listen - maureen not another word . ( a beat ) better . now if you have finish hose down the deck with testosterone , I suggest you come with I . I may have find a way to get we off this planet . Maureen turn on she heal and exit . the two man exchange a look . west wow . JOHN tell I about it . they head after she . chapter 18 : danger will ! ( out of sequence in screenplay . ) ------------------------ int :-will' cabin will sit work over he hacker 's deck . ( over ) static . will can you hear I ? robot ? will tune the deck . more static . then ... robot system error . robot unable to register neural net output . unable to locate motor control . unable - will calm down . you body be destroy in the conflict with the space spider . do you remember ? robot affirmative . will but I download you neural net . robot robot try to destroy the Robinson family . why would will Robinson save robot 's personality ? you action do not compute . will I guess sometimes friendship mean act with you heart , not you head . robot logic error . friendship do not compute . will do not worry , robot . Im go to build you a new body . I promise . will turn to face a pile of pirate component from various par of the ship . he lift a circular bubble of diode . smile . will Mom always say I should try to make new friend . chapter 15 : follow order ! * return to chapter -------------------------- int .-bridge Maureen stand at she life science station with John and Don . maureen the atmosphere here can sustain human life . I have locate 500 rad radioactive material a mile north . JOHN that 's at least what we would need to get the core function again . John look out the viewscreen at the alien night . turn to don. JOHN we will set off at daybreak . it will be safer . that be my order , Major . west I agree with you recommendation , Professor . maureen dtente be a beautiful thing . int .-sick BAY Judy examine the lizard monkey . penny stroke the tiny creature , produce a string of blip . penny what 's the diagnosis , Doc ? be it cowboy or ballerina on Halloween ? judy right now she 's a girl . but I think you little pal here be from a self - replicate species . at different stage of life she , or he , probably alternate sex . penny imagine the savings on dating outfit alone . the tiny creature have begin play with a aural scanner . penny can I keep she ? judy penny , you have never take care of a thing in you life besides yourself . penny please . she 's all alone . I promise I will look after she . she need I . judy ... the moment you misplace she , or forget to feed she , we leave she on this planet where she can live in the wild . I be not kid penny . and with that Judy exit . penny sit , stroking the tiny creature . penny we be both a long way from home , be not we little one ? the creature make a tiny blip . penny that 's what we will call you . blip . blip reach out , touch a green ribbon around penny 's wrist . penny you like that ? penny take the ribbon off , tie it around blip 's wrist . blip look up , eye glow . penny caress the tiny creature 's cheek . penny Nice girl . pretty girl . Nice . the creature reach up , touch penny 's cheek . her tiny tongue try to imitate penny 's word of comfort . pull back to reveal Judy stand , just out of sight , watch she sister , smile . chapter 16 : alien World ----------------------- int .- jupiter two -med lab Don shove a indignant Smith into the room , adjust a newly install security panel in the wall . smith remove that lock this instant . I shall not be cage like some animal west ( lethal ) I give my word I would let you live . I never say for how long . smith this quarter will be fine . Smith stare at he a beat . smith tell I , Major West . be you really confident in Robinson 's ability to guide we ? if I be set free , I would support you right to command . with minimal force , we could take this ship and assure this mission continue under you leadership . west ... my God Smith , you be right . how could I have be so blind ? I will just run and get you a gun so we can hijack the ship . okay ? smith sarcasm be the recourse of a weak mind . west I be hide the pain . really . and with that West leave . Smith try the door . lock . then , from one cuff of he field suit , be remove the control belt he steal from the probe ship . smith I assure you , Major West . you pain have just begin . Smith move about the room , lift small bit of metal , create a impromptu set of tool with which to alter the control bolt . pan down . hold on smith's back . beneath the rend in he suit , the tiny tear in he flesh be now cover with tiny , alien scale . int . - bridge - night Judy sit in one of the command chair over a the remain of a meal , sip water , stare out into the alien night . west ( over ) Star light , star bright ... judy a million strange star and only one wish . I wish we be home . Don come and sit in the co-pilot 's chair beside she . judy I never think a sky could look so alien . ... we really be lose . west when the first sailor circle the globe and see a brand new sky , they think they have sail off the edge of the earth . but they be really just around the corner . judy ( smile ) we just billow we sail and let the wind blow we home , be that it Major ? west so that sailor find familiar shape in the star to make the sky more friendly , to help they find they way . Don turn on a monitor below the viewscreen . monitor-close . it show the star-field above . he lift a light - tip stylus . west that 's how constellation be bear . Don begin to draw on the screen , connect the star like dot in a child 's book . slowly , a familiar porcine face take form . west porky the wise and mighty pig . Judy laugh . she take the stylus . begins to draw . judy the great bucktooth Bunny ... bug . Don smile . Judy can not help but smile back . they face be close . west so , my quarter or yours ? judy Excuse I ? west we be the only single man and woman of consent age in the galaxy . how much more of a set up do you need ? judy so you figure just dispense with the pleasantry , get down to business ? west you have a way with word , Doctor . judy ( provocative ) right here ? on this console ? Don move he face to hers , only a breath apart . west here would be fine . Judy smile sweetly . don-close . lip parting . suddenly water begin to pour down over he head . his eye open wide . Judy hold she empty glass in hand . judy next time , fly slower . she rise , walk off , leave Don mop he brow . int .- JOHN &amp ; maureen' quarter Maureen sit on the edge of she bed brush she hair as John activate the automated security system . JOHN what be I think , bring we all out here into space ? maureen the world need save . you be the right man for the job . JOHN but solving the world 's problem do not leave much time for the people you love , do it ? maureen do you get any time with will ? JOHN now he 's decide he can rebuild the robot . want to show I he design . I have get too much to do - maureen funny creature , man . you try so hard not to be you father , end up make the same mistake . will adore you . he need you attention . JOHN we can not get off this planet much less back on course . I do not have time to ... maureen John , just listen to he . it do not matter what he 's say . just listen . sometimes , at least in the eye of they father , little boy have to come first . JOHN as soon as we get back into space , we be go to spend some real time together . I promise . Maureen look out the window . a long beat . then she smile . JOHN what ? maureen it 's nice to have we family under one roof . even if we have to go half way across the galaxy to manage it . John press a button , the blast shield open to reveal the stack orb of three glow moon . Maureen smile . JOHN how would you feel about a little late night tutorial , Professor ? John move to she , begin pull she down , out of frame . maureen mm. that 's new . what be you do ? JOHN go for extra credit . ext .- jupiter two - night the ship sit on the alien landscape . maureen ( over ) good night John . JOHN ( over ) good night Maureen . will ( over ) good night Judy . penny ( over ) good night will . judy ( over ) good night penny . west ( over ) you guy have get to be kid . chapter 17 : the core -------------------- int .- jupiter two - bridge-morning will come up on the elevator , rub he eye , first awake in the morning . he stumble to the viewscreen . will-close . his eye widen with shock . will oh man . reverse angle a giant portal shimmer at snow 's edge about 100 yard from the ship . Beyond it , a sun-stain field of tower plant and tree . int .- briefing room the crew gather at the table . ( over ) a rumbling . the ship shake . penny what be that rumbling ? they have be happen all morning . judy how can half the landscape have grow up overnight ? JOHN okay , let 's get settle . Maureen ? maureen' monitor-close . a geothermal analysis show the giant plate that make up this world appear mismatch . maureen it 's impossible . but this planet 's geothermic plate do not match up . JOHN I be afraid of this . al1 eye turn to John . JOHN I think this tremor be the result of open and close doorway . penny doorway to where ? JOHN the future . smith perhaps the Professor be hit on the head when we land . JOHN remember the portal that lead we to the probe ship ? what if we cross a into a time year after Earth send a rescue mission . west you be not serious ? time travel be impossible . will no it 's not . it 's just improbable . like hyperdrive be a hundred year ago . nothing 's really impossible . JOHN this world could be riddled with doorway to the future . will so if we walk into that forest outside , we be really just walk into this crater year from now . maureen geological plate from different time would not fit together . that would explain the tectonic mismatch . but doorway in time , John ? JOHN if this portal be open and close , part of some cascade , natural phenomenon , they could be tear this planet apart will this portal be exactly what I predict my time machine would do . what if the doorway be not natural ? a machine that bend space , like we hyperdrive , could be modify to bend time as well . what if someone on this world have build a device ? JOHN Son , I appreciate you input but now be not the time for flight of fancy . will you never listen to I . not ever . and with that will storm out . John stare after he a beat , sorely want to follow . ( over ) another rumble . JOHN there 's no tell how long before this planet break up entirely . ( rise ) . Don and I be go to locate the radioactive material for the core . get the ship ready to go . we may have very little time . int . - bridge John , suite up , head for the open front hatch when he spot will sit alone in the com chair , tinkering with he deck . JOHN be not you come out to say goodbye ? will just shake he head . will you be always leave . what if ... will look away , finally give voice to he worst fear . will what if one time you do not come home ... John stare at he son , unsure what to say , the boy 's anguish so deep and apparent . he reach into he shirt , take off he dog tag . JOHN whenever you grandfather go away on a mission , hold leave this with I . for safe keep . and when he get home I d always be wait to give they back . he lift the chain and place it around the boy 's neck . JOHN I be come back will . I promise . will be silent . John touch the boy 's hair , then walk out . a beat . will look up after he father , finger the dog tag . ext .- jupiter two the robinson , all except will , stand - gather around the front of the ship . Don have a small tracking device in he hand . west I have get a fix on the radioactive material . it 's through the portal . JOHN we will just have to hope the doorway remain stable . judy this crater wall be disable the com-link . you will not be able to communicate with the ship . ( over ) the ground shake again . Maureen come home to I , Professor . JOHN I love you , wife . John kiss she . Don look at Judy . judy I be go to regret say this , but try to get back in one piece . west this be kind of a kiss for luck occasion , would not you agree , Doc ? judy see . I be regret it already . ( coy ) kiss have to be earn . say goodbye , blip . blip reach up and touch John 's face . then she chirp form a rough approximation of the word penny teach she . blip Nice girl . pretty girl . Nice . JOHN you take care of she , penny . ( kiss she head ) take care of you too , baby . then the two man bead off , towards the portal and forest beyond . pull back to reveal Smith stare out the cabin window . push in as int .-smith's cell smith yes , enjoy you moment of trite familial bond . he turn , head back to he table , transformed now , into a makeshift lab , the steal control bolt in mid-modification . smith because they will be you last . int .- will cabin the beginning of will 's home - make robot sit on the table . will be in the f.g. riffling he personal cargo container . penny enter , a assortment of small electronic device , hairclip , and other metal and electronic object . dump they on the table . penny that 's everything even close to nonessential . even my bellybutton ring . will thanks , pen. penny you want to come on a land survey ? but will just shake he head , sulky . penny look , what do dad know ? maybe someone do build a time machine . she ruffle he hair . disappear . will activate a cpu speaker . robot robot be on line . ( over ) a knocking have begin . will look up , puzzle . will it sound like old morse code . chapter 18 : danger will ! ------------------------ int .-corridor will walk down the corridor . ( over ) the knocking continue . will follow the SOUND until he come to the door of Smith 's prison . Smith be visible through the door window , sit at a table , hammer out the code with he boot . he beckon will inside . will shake he head . Smith begin tapping again . will ( sounding out the code ) danger . int .-smith's cell the door slide open and will enter , a laser pistol in hand . will you say someone be in danger . smith we all be . you be wise to arm yourself . Smith eye the weapon , move towards the boy . will this gun be set to fire for I only so do not try anything funny . Smith barely miss a beat as he adjust , pass the child , go instead to the window and open the blast shield . smith William , you misjudge I . I only want to help you . will help we ? you try to kill we all . smith but now we fate be intertwined . if you father and that idiot West fail , I will have no chance of get home . it be in my best interest they succeed . and I always follow my best interest . Smith gaze out at the exotic terrain . ( over ) a inhuman wail . smith what monster roam this alien wild ? fool . to set off blindly across this savage land . much as I hate to admit it , it will be harder to manage without they . will what be you talk about ? they will be back . they will be okay . Smith be silent . a long , lethal beat . will someone should go after they . smith will , I forbid it . you be a boy . a clever one , certainly , but a child nonetheless . this planet be likely full of predator . even if you find they , what if they be hurt , ravage , die , what good could you do ? will but you be a doctor . Smith turn away , hide he smile . ext .- jupiter two -day Judy and Maureen be hang on repelling line before the crater wall , shipping away ore that glitter like diamond . judy it 's impossible . maureen not really . geologist have speculate that dimondium might be naturally occur in many older world . part of a biosphere 's way of rejuvenating itself . judy this one be ten time more powerful then that on Alpha Prime . there 's enough here to save Earth . penny stand in the f.g. with blip on she arm , take plant sample , talk into she video recorder . penny after much deliberation , the Space captive have decide to accept she new role as member of the crew . the robinson , after all , can obviously use she help ... blip jump up on penny 's arm , knock she recorder to the ground . penny ( flaring ) now look what you have do . stop hang all over I . blip stare at she , frighten by she tone , begin back away to the edge of the forest . she look at penny , then disappear into the thick brush .. penny blip . wait . I be sorry . damn . penny head after the creature . hold on she recorder . forgotten . chapter 19 : a different future ------------------------------ ext.-planet's surface -day will and Smith be walk down a forest path . the boy have a radiation tracker in he hand . will I have get a fix on dad 's suit beacon . Dead ahead be a field of beautiful , alien flower , they purple leave move in the wind like a azure sea . will wow , that 's Mom 's favorite color . smith how droll . ( over ) a tremendous rumbling . the wind roar . suddenly , the air in the distance begin to twist , a rush distortion sweeping towards they , flower grow , landscape aging rapidly within . smith run , child , run . Smith turn , begin to flee , pull will with he , away from the rush warp . Smith trip , fall , close he eye , wait for the distortion to overtake he . a beat . he open he eye . smith - Pov . a glow , stationary portal shimmer behind he , revealing beyond a forest ever older , darker , more overgrown . smith will ? will ? no sign of the boy . then , from behind a tree , will appear . will wow ! the field across the portal have be now a mass of giant plant , the flower a deep red . will rush across the rip in space . smith William , wait ! will see , over here I be in the future . ( step back towards Smith ) here I be in the past . do not worry . if my theory be correct , this doorway should remain stable , for a while anyway . smith I can barely contain my glee . why be not you aging like the plant ? will that 's just a effect of the portal form . once they stabilize you can cross from one time to another just like step between two room . ( off he tracker ) dad 's signal be this way . come on , Doctor Smith . will take Smith 's hand , pull he across the threshold . smith - Pov . where he stand be now lush , the sky overhead a glow crimson . yet behind he , the path in as it originally appear . younger . the sky , bright . will have run deeper into the brush . Smith notice something by he foot . he clear away the brush , revealing shape beneath the foliage . his expression darken . will ( over ) what do you find ? will have return . smith come , come , son , no time for distraction . let 's move on . Smith shove will on , the boy unable to see what Smith see . pan down . headstone . each bear a mark , the name still legible . Maureen , penny and Judy Robinson . ext.-planet's surface-day-pres John and Don emerge from the brush . they have come to one of the crater wall . John look from the rock face to he tracker . JOHN damn . west damn ? damn be not good . JOHN the radiation signature we have be tracking . it 's a ghost . a reflection from the Jupiter two bounce off the ore in this wall . there 's no core material here . ( over ) a sudden rumbling . the ground shake . the roar of wind . a time portal rush towards they like a glitter maw , the side of the crater aging and crumble in it 's wake . John and Don race away from the distortion , ducking fall tree , roll clear as the portal stabilize , now a fix doorway to a darker , more desert future . JOHN the ship 's back that way . we have to go through . ext .-brush-day-present penny be push through the forest . penny blip ? I be sorry . blip ? she spot the tiny creature ahead in the distance . blip sniff the ground , run a few step . sniff again . look up . there , before blip be another glitter hole in time . the forest beyond be far thicker , the sky red . blip step through the portal . penny blip , wait . penny go to the edge of the portal , stare at the monstrously tall tree beyond . a beat . then she step through , follow . ext .-crater caves-future penny push through dwindling brush to a series of rocky overhang and cavern cut into the crater wall . blip be stand over a large circular stone , hopping up and down , chirping and blipping madly . penny blip , you can not run off like that . ( close on the stone ) what the - ? the stone-close . a series of hieroglyphs be paint on the giant rock , they image the same style as that on the probe ship . hieroglyph one-close . a mighty battle in space be depict . penny ( over ) some kind of fight , in space . it almost look like the probe ship Major West blow up . hieroglyph two-close . a fiery star fall to the planet 's surface . penny that could be the Jupiter two crash landing . hieroglyph three-close . here a dark haire beauty hold a single lizard monkey aloft , she face remarkably like penny 's . suddenly blip begin to shriek . ( over ) rustling leave . shape be move in the tree , the vague outline of camouflage form drop to the ground . five figure suddenly de-camouflage . lizard monkey , two large , two smaller . directly in front of penny , the large monkey de-camouflages . fully grow , the beast be nearly twice penny 's height . around the creature 's wrist be something odd . a old , tatter green ribbon . blip begin to scream and shriek . penny blip , no ! too late . blip leap on the giant creature , grab the ribbon . the beast could slap blip away like a fly . but the creature do not resist , just stare down at blip with something akin to tenderness . blip look at the ribbon in he hand . then at the one around she wrist . save for they age difference . , the ribbon be identical . the giant monkey move forward , close on a petrify penny , paw reach out , touch she face . the beast begin stroking penny 's cheek in a familiar gesture of comfort . giant blip Nice girl . pretty girl . Nice . penny stare up in stunne wonder . ext.-planet's surface-evening-future Don and John be crossing the brush . the terrain in grow ever more desolate , desert like . the double sun hang on the horizon . JOHN we should be able to see the ship . something catch the light on the ground beside they . Don reach down and lift a small metal fragment in he hand . metal-close . on it be the familiar logo of the United Space Agency . west could this be from the probe ? JOHN corrode . this metal be decade old . Don find another piece of wreckage , turn it over in he hand . west it 's not possible . wreckage-close . the fragment bear a simple legend : Jupiter two . west what kind of nightmare be this ? where the hell be we ? JOHN no , Major , when the hell be we ? suddenly Don be hit in the chest with a plasma charge , go fly . John duck and roll , firing he laser from behind the cover of a rocky mound . John go up to take another shot , be bit with a powerful electrical blast , fall hard . still . reverse angle Rolling out from behind he , claw extend in attack position and apparently many year old , be a rebuilt robot . ext.-planet's surface-evening-future will and Smith be crossing the alien terrain . the plant have give way to desert . the sun hang low in the crimson sky . will I feel like we get turn around . smith just follow you father 's signal , young William . will oh shit . smith a boy of you intelligence should not swear . will ( point ) look . smith oh. shit , indeed . reverse angle . at the edge of the crater wall sit the wreck hull of the Jupiter two . the lower section be go , the hull scar , open to the sun . CUT to : john-close . stir to consciousness . wider int .- jupiter two bridge -future or what be leave of it . Dark . the occasional computer panel flicker shatter monitor . a awful history - tell in tear metal . John be slump in a corner , Don still on the floor beside he . voice ( over ) well , well . all thing really do come to he who wait . a figure sit in the command chair , visage obscure by shadow . JOHN what be this place ? figure why Professor , the shock must have scramble you brain . look around you . do not you recognize the spot ? you have come home . JOHN this can not be ... but even as the word cross he lip , he know it be . JOHN what have you do to the ship . ... where 's my family ? figure you family be dead . Dead and in the ground . JOHN no ! figure what fickle consort in memory . time dim certain image while other shine clear and bright as yesterday . the figure stand , light hit he face . late thirty . Long blond hair , a shaggy beard and moustache . eerily familiar . figure I will never forget that morning . twenty year ago . what be it you say ? I will be back . I promise . but I know better . you never come home . the figure walk to one of the burn out panel . figure without you , you family never have a chance . a few spidersv survive the destruction of the probe ship . they reach the planet and attack . I can still hear the woman scream . JOHN who be you ? the figure walk forward , into the light . stands there a moment . then he lift something hang around he neck . tarnish metal , old but familiar . John 's father 's dog tag . figure do not you recognize I , dad ? it 's I . I be you son . will . ext .-crater cave -day Maureen and Judy , laser draw , be push through the brush . judy penny ? penny ? the four lizard monkey be kneel in a circle around penny . maureen penny ? baby , be you alright ? penny rise , step forward , carry blip . the other beast hang back , they face genuflect , almost reverential . penny it 's okay , Mom . they be not go to hurt we . it 's like they think I be they princess or something . CUT to : ext .-crater cave - evening-fliture Judy be examine the palm of the large beast as Maureen scrutinize the image graven into the giant stone . judy best as I can tell this whole clan be spawn by this single creature . ( to the beast ) we have be a busy girl have not we ? but ... maureen speak , doctor . judy each creature seem to have unique corpuscular pattern on they palm . as individual a fingerprint , no two alike . except ... maureen except the print on this giant creature and we little blip match exactly . do not they ? judy how do you know ? maureen because , I think blip and we friend here be actually one and the same . penny and Judy stare at she in wonder . int .- jupiter two - engine room-future the robot , shove John with one claw , carry Don in the other , follow older will into the giant room . older will Father , I give you ... eternity . wider War tear and pirate . a pit of molten lava burst through the floor above which float a giant ball of silvery liquid hold suspend by the pulsing field of the hyper-drive . tendril of fire strain towards the bubble . as they explode into the silver liquid , image form within the sphere , nearly coherent , then go . a track gantry stretch from the floor , lead out over the bubble . at the end of the track a crow 's - nest of computer shoot a single laser down into the center of the bubble . west ( come to ) . . .ouch . who order I that last drink ? what the hell be go on ? JOHN I think we cross into we own future . we have come back to the Jupiter two decade after we leave . older will look father , what my flight of fancy have wringht . I use you hypergate to build my time machine . will move to a control console at the base of the giant gantry . older will over the year I have struggle in vain to harness the awesome power of time . all my experiment at create a stable doorway have be futile . until now . today you will witness my ultimate triumph . will hit a button . a generator open , revealing a glow cylinder of core material incrementally descend into the console . west the core material . if we could get that back to we Jupiter two ... JOHN the doorway in time that lead we here must be a side effect of he machine come on line . like stream run into the ocean .... older will once this core material in fully introduce into the control console , I will open a doorway stable enough for one person to take one trip through time and space as well . today , I will change history . will turn a switch on the control console . ( over ) more tremor . the laser beam 's intensity grow , and in the corridor cut by the beam into the bubble image begin to stabilize . image of Earth . older will I will return home , to the very day you take we on this curse mission . I will stop we from take off . I will do what you never could . I will save the family . I will save we all . JOHN look around . you machine be rip this planet apart . what if the force wave you ride home have the same effect on Earth ? what if , in get home , you destroy Earth in the process ? a beat . then will turn away , go back to work . older will I be go home . I be go to save the family . JOHN will , I be you father . you have get to listen to I -. older will let I tell you about my father . my father be a walk ghost . never there when I need he . he drag he family into deep dark space and lose they there . my father be not come to the rescue . chapter 20 : spider sting ------------------------- ext .-alien planet-evening-future will and Smith be close on the batter ship . Smith put he hand on the boy' arm , hold he back . will we have get to go inside . smith slow down , now . we can not know what wait inside that ravage craft . but we can be confidant it be nothing good . and I for one be frighten . will but dad 's in there . smith will , listen to I . I have cross this world with you , find you father as promise . but I can not let you go in there unarm . will but I have get a gun . smith if we go forward , the barer of that weapon must be ready to kill . murder be a skill , one which I have develop and , luckily dear boy , you have not . look inside you heart , will . be you truly capable of take a life ? if not , then I ask you now , put you faith in I . give I you trust . give I that gun . will stare he . pull free the pistol . thumb the lock pad . will enable gun for all user . gun voiceprint confirm . will hand Smith the gun . smith finally . Smith grab will by the neck , press the barrel to he temple . smith a brief lesson in survival on this world or any other . never trust anyone . remember it into you old age , should you have one . ( shove he forward ) now move ! int .- jupiter two - engine room-future John stand face older will . Don be in the b.g. , edging towards the control panel and the descend core material . JOHN we can go back across the portal to the past , to the function Jupiter two , where you mother and sister be still alive . we can use this core material to escape together . older will and then what ? all of we lose in space . do not you see ? I can do what you never could . I can save we all . Don have edge he way to the descend core material . smith ( over ) I be afraid not . through the doorway come young will , Smith walk behind he , hand on he shoulder , gun to he head . smith never fear . Smith be here . JOHN will , i. . . smith do not move , Professor Robinson or this rather peculiar family reunion will be tragically brief . ( off Don ) I will ask you to step away from that console , Major . Don stare at he a beat . then oblige , walk over to join John . Smith approach the robot . smith well , well , some of we just do not know when to stay dead . Smith go into he tunic and remove he modify control bolt . smith I borrow this from the probe ship in hope of take over the helm once we be in flight . but I seem to have find a better use instead . Smith slap the bolt on the robot 's cpu . the automaton 's arm go up , then fall limp . docile . smith let 's try this dance again . you be the puppet . I be the puppeteer . do get it right this time . Smith activate the bolt . the robot power up once again . smith robot , enable electric disrupter . the robot 's claw begin to glow with electricity . Smith smile . smith now that 's a good gargantuan . Smith walk to older will , put the gun to he head . smith say goodbye to you past . you be future lie with I . I be go home in you place . Smith start to pull older will away when will come forward , stare at the time machine , eye wide with awe . will you do it . just like I imagine . re-routed the hypercore . but the natural power source , the delivery system . I never think of that . older will 's smile be bittersweet as he place he hand on he young self . touches he hair . older will you will . the future be never what it look like when you be ten . smith heartwarm . nauseatingly sentimental but heartwarming . Smith shove the boy back to he father , turn to older will . smith we certainly could have age better , I must say now , show I how you little time machine work . but will just smile . smith a odd moment for mirth , do not you think ? what be you grin at ? older will look around you , Doctor . at this hostile world . do you really think a boy could have survive all alone ? smith-close . puzzle . unseen , the boulder behind he seem to be move , shifting . a voice come , alien , yet terrifyingly familiar . voice ( over ) never fear , Smith be here . the shape behind he unfold , come up now , long spindle arm and leg , ten foot tall , a hybrid monster , half spider , half Smith . spider smith hello , Doctor , how nice to see I again after all this year . Smith stand petrify as the creature approach he on spindle leg , go down on its second knee joint , come eye to eye . spider smith the spider 's sting have some unexpected side effect . spider Smith flexe he three jointed arm . spider smith but my unique gift give I a advantage in this quarrelsome world . spider Smith reach out and caress will 's cheek . turn to John . spider smith after the woman be savage , I become the father will never have . he grab Smith 's arm and begin to move he about like a marionette , engage in a bizarre dance with himself . spider smith ( bend he ) but you , Doctor . you crude ambition fill I with self - loathing . ( twist he ) you see I have look within I and what I see be you . with that spider Smith lift Smith over he head and hurl he like torpedo through a tear hole in the hull , towards the rock beyond . spider smith I never like I , anyway . spider Smith turn to face the robot . spider smith kill they all . older will no . spider smith but my dear boy , once the doorway in time stabilize , this planet be go to come apart at the seam . Smith throw the back of one hand over he forehead in a parody of a twenty starlet . spider smith I be willing to perish here on this world for the sake of you most noble mission . but you selfish father will only try to stop you . his head come forward , neck elongate so he face will . spider smith once you mission be complete , none of this will have happen anyway . so why not just dispose of they ? but will 's gaze be impassive . spider Smith actually sigh . spider smith very well . robot , take they inside the ship and keep they there . if they move , then kill they . ect .-crater caves-future Maureen and Judy be examine the heiroglyph stone . the ground shake . bird scream . ( over ) rumbling . maureen we have get to get to the ship . penny ? she turn . the clear be empty . no blip . no penny . blip run cut before they , grab Maureen 's hand , try to pull she forward . maureen where be she , girl ? in blip 's hand , a mass of color ribbon from penny 's wrist . blip wave they in the air , then race off . a beat . the woman follow . int .- jupiter two - engine room-future the pulse laser be increase its intensity , the corridor of image in the bubble stabilize . the tremor be increase in frequency . pan down spider Smith stand with will , watch as the robot shepherd the crew towards the body of the ship . spider smith well , it would seem the time be upon we . off we go , William . spider Smith start climb the gantry , truly like a spider , up towards the bridge and crow nest hang over the bubble . will walk to the control console platform , the platform now beginning to rise on the gantry , towards the bridge above . JOHN -pov . something hang from below the climb spider Smith 's back . it 's a egg pouch of the kind they see on the probe ship log . JOHN ( shouting ) will , it 's a trick . Smith 's carry a egg sack . if he 's willing to stay on this world and die , why be he about to spawn ? he 's go through the portal himself . the robot fire a charge between its claw . robot proceed to the ship or be destroy . on the rising control platform . older will-close . frown . suddenly , Smith 's head drop into frame . the creature be hang upside - down . he smile . spider smith hurry , boy . time wait for no man . ext .-gantry system -wide shot the platform bear will reach the top of the gantry and begin move out across the bridge towards the crow - nest . int .- jupiter two - engine room control platform-future spider Smith drop into place beside older will as the control platform come to a stop on the crow' - nest . the core cylinder continue sink into the console . Smith look out over the platform . beneath they , imagine of infinity flicker . spider smith it 's almost time . I really be a word -smith . older will once the core cylinder be fully injected , the planet will begin to come apart and the time doorway will stabilize . then I jump in . spider smith a leap of faith . how fitting . time bubble-close . in the circle make by the laser , the image be not yet stable , but discernable . Earth the day before the launch . older will tell I again , old monster , how do the girl die ? spider smith we have be over this before , son . the spider attack the ship older will in all the year since , the spider have never re-surface . why ? Smith stare at he . then he smile . a horrible sight . spider smith let 's forget the past . will turn a switch . the laser generate aperture narrow . spider smith what be you do ? older will focus the aperture . remember , the energy around the portal will rip a man to piece . spider smith be not the doorway too small ? older will not for I . ( a beat ) but then I be not go , be I ? the spider do not kill the girl . it be you . I just never let myself see it . you keep I alive because you need I . because I could build this for you . you kill my family . destroy this world . and I help . you become mad as the spider . ... and I become you . spider smith poor , poor boy . do you really think I would let you go home ? let all that I have become vanish ? look at I . I be no mere man . I be a God . spider Smith open he pouch , revealing a thousand tiny spider . spider smith you father be right . within I roil the grow need of a master race . we will descend upon helpless Earth . a entire planet to rule . his arm whip out , grab will , bring he close , open he mouth , bear venomous fang . spider smith a entire planet on which to feed . int .-modified jupiter two -future John and Don talk in the hold area . the robot stand guard . ( over ) the tremor be increase in frequency . west I will run , draw he fire . you may have time to get away with will . robot ( over ) halt or robot will destroy . the man look up . in the b.g. , will have approach the robot . will do you remember what I teach you . a long time ago . about friendship ? robot friendship mean act with you heart not you head . will that 's why I rebuilt you . because I want we to be friend . robot logic error . friendship do not compute . will forget logic . Act with you heart . robot robot have no heart . robot be power by a fusion pulse generator will every live thing have a heart . the robot stare at he a beat . robot any attempt to override command protocol may result in fuse processor in my neural net . the floor tremble again . the planet be come apart at the seam . will please , robot , if you do not let we go , we be all go to die . I be ask you now , will you help we ? will you be my friend ? the robot stand still a beat . then he reach towards Smith 's control bolt attach firmly on he cpu . robot robot attempt to deactivate control bolt - command overriddenattempting to reroute- dangercircuitry overloadattempting to escape- kill they , kill they ... the robot 's claw lift into attack position , a electrical charge building with dangerous intensity . he be about to fire . at the last minute , the robot jerk he hand upward , blowing away a piece of the ceiling . he rip off the control bolt . will you do it . robot robot will save ... I will save will Robinson . I will save my friend . chapter 21 : time to die ! ------------------------ ext .-forest-day-present penny and Maureen chase a frantic blip through the portal back into the daylight of the present . here , too , the world rumble . maureen ( shouting ) penny ? penny ? penny stand in front of the Jupiter two , beckone they urgently . maureen where do you go ? penny I come through the forest . I have a promise I have to keep . before Maureen can respond the ground rumble , begin crumble . judy Inside . fast . int .- jupiter two bridge -future Don , John , will and the robot stand at the open hatch . outside , the ground rumble . JOHN you have get find you way back to the ship . the portal may still be stable . I will try to meet you there . west what do you mean ? JOHN I be go to get that core material . it 's we only chance to escape . west I will stay . the family need they father JOHN the crew need they pilot . no matter what happen , when the planet start to break up you take off . west without the core we will never have enough power to make orbit . JOHN you have get to try . promise I , don. a beat . then Don extend he hand . west good luck . Commander . just then will and the robot arrive . JOHN will . Son . I want you to know - will ( fight tear ) you will tell I when you get back to the ship . now there just be not time . John bite back a bittersweet smile . ( over ) another rumbling . JOHN I could use a weapon . the robot extend he claw . a panel open on he arm and he tear out a hand - make component . a conduit make from will 's golden first prize medal , join together to make a jag star . robot Professor , I have a plan . int .- jupiter two - engine room control platform-future spider Smith have will against the rail . spider smith time to die , son . older will I be not you son . and with that will smashes spider Smith in the face with two close list . Smith recoil , lift the boy aver he head . spider smith Goodbye . Smith hurl will over the rail towards the time pool below . the creature walk to the end of the arm , stare at the form aperture into the past below he . portal-close . image of the day before the mission launch swirl in the laser - generate open , grow ever more stable . wider will be hang over the time bubble , unconscious and unseen , dangle from the gantry by a flash chain around he neck . chapter 22 : time Travel ----------------------- ext :-planet's surface-evening-future Don and the robot , will riding he back , navigate the terrain alongside the ravage hull of the Jupiter two . will look . on the ground , crumpled in a heap , be Smith . Don check he pulse . west ( disappointed ) damn . he 's still breathe . ( over ) the rush wind . rumbling . a portal open before they to a far young world . then another portal , to a world far older . a third portal rip across the sky overhead . will the time machine must be near full power . the portal be collapse . west which one lead we home ? more portal be open around they , other winking shut . will there . through a new rip in time , the intact Jupiter two can be see in relief of the batter future craft . the ground beneath they foot be beginning to give way . will we can not just leave he here . west sure we can . ( off will 's stare ) damn it . ( slapping the Doctor ) Smith . wake up . Smith . smith ( come to ) oh , the pain , the pain . robot danger . will Robinson . danger . the portal be beginning to shimmer . the ground start to fall away . west jump ! Don hurl Smith through , will , the robot and West darting across the threshold just as the portal wink close . ext . - forest - present the tree be burst into flame a will , Don , the robot and Smith emerge from the wood . Race forward towards ... pull back to reveal int .- jupiter two -bridge -present the woman be power up the ship . the man be visible through the windscreen . outside , the ground in beginning to crumble . penny Mom , the forest . penny open the air lock . Maureen hold close she son . step back . maureen where 's John ? west the portal close behind we . it be he only way back . mee ground-close . a geyser of fire blows into the air . west we have get to try and lift off . maureen we have already begin the pre-flight countdown . you have the com . ( off Don 's expression ) I be go to save as many life as I can , Major . now strap in . int .- jupiter two - engine room control platform-future ( over ) tremor . more lava be rush up towards the mercury , the wall themselves beginning to crack . smith open a gate at the end of the crow 's - nest and a gang plank unfold above the doorway in time . JOHN ( over ) not so fast . wider John stand on the platform behind Smith , fight star in hand , slashes for he face . Smith move fast , knock the star to the gantry bridge with he arm . John leap on Smith , use he fist . JOHN you sabotage we mission . ( hook ) you kill my family ( jab ) you steal my son . it 's payback time . Smith 's head move from each impact , but the punch have no effect . it smile . grab John and hurl he across the platform . spider smith spare I the fury of the righteous . the monster lean down over John . open its jaw . spider smith I think there 's time for a snack before my trip . John 's hand be reach towards the fall fight star . at the last moment John grab the metal weapon from the catwalk , slashes Smith across the face , silver - red blood pour down he cheek . spider smith ( sarcastic ) oh , the pain . the pain . JOHN you be not see nothing yet . John feint towards Smith 's head and then slashes low , cut the viscous membrane of the monster 's egg pouch . spider smith-close . surprise . JOHN remember the probe ship ? this monster eat they wounded . smith's egg sack-close . score of the tiny spider be pour out of the sack , rush up towards Smith 's face , tiny jaw chomping . spider smith no. stop. no ! spider Smith tumble backwards , fall against the rail on the side of the platform . John rise and rush he , shoulder -slamming he , send Smith hurl over towards the bubble below . spider Smith hit the bubble , miss the doorway form by the red laser and be sweep up by the tide of time . JOHN take all the time you want to die . spider Smith scream as he disappear and reappear in the various half - form image within the bubble before vanish altogether . John turn . the core cylinder have descend almost entirely into the main console . only second before it 's too late to retrieve it . ext .- jupiter two-day-present the landscape be a sudden inferno . int .- jupiter two -present Don be at the com . Maureen strapped into the co-pilot 's chair . maureen I keep hope somehow he would appear . Maureen stare a beat out the window . maureen let 's go , Major . Don hit the engine switch . the.mighty generator whine into life . maureen ( quiet ) Goodbye , my love . chapter 23 : escape velocity --------------------------- the ship rock as land mass on all side begin to give way . west engage primary thruster . now ! ext . - jupiter two-day-present the power drive begin to glow , diode spin . the landing strut retract . the Jupiter two begin to rise . int .- jupiter two - engine room -insertion arm-future control console-close . the core material in sink fast . John move towards it when something on the gantry catch he eye . gantry-close . wedge into the grill work be a shiny scrap of metal reflect the set sunlight . John 's father 's dog tag . John rush to the rail . there , still unconscious and hang by the dog-tag chain be older will . chain-close . the metal link be pull apart . will be second away from fall into the pool . JOHN -pov . the cylinder have completely sink into the machine . it 's will or the core material . no time for both . John stand a beat , immobile . then he drop to he knee , reach down as the chain break , grab will 's wrist at the last second . the dog tag tumble into the pool below as John hoist older will up onto the safety of the gangplank . JOHN come on , son . wake up . will be still . then , finally , he eye open . older will dad ? JOHN I think I lose you . older will the core . will turn in time to see the core cylinder sink into the control panel , the laser explode in intensity below they as it drain the cylinder 's radioactive power . the world begin to explode . older will you could have take the core and leave before it be too late . you save I instead . John stare at he . JOHN there be not any choice . I could not let you fall . you be my boy . the laser-close . reaches full power . the image in the time pool stabilize , become clear . time pool-close . Mission Control the day before the launch . Father and Son stare into the past , eye fill with wonder . older will look . they make it . pan up . through a tear hole in the hull and a glow rip in space , the Jupiter two be rise into the flame ravage sky . int . jupiter two -present the ship be shaking madly . west we be not get any altitude . ext .- jupiter two-day-present the fire geyser be legion , giant chunks of the planet 's surface now fall away beneath they . a huge spew of flame rage from the fire - pock surface , hit the bull of the tiny craft . int .- jupiter two -present Judy be at navigation , frantically enhance the stabilizer . judy I be read a power build up . marker in the red - suddenly the panel explode , send Judy fly across the bridge . penny race to she sister . kneel . Judy 's eye be wide , still . penny she 's dead . int .- jupiter two -present the ground be break , fall into a endless fiery abyss below . west not enough power to make orbit . ext .- jupiter two-day -pre ent another firestorm . a flame geyser hit the ship . then another . int .- jupiter two -present Control panel all around the ship begin to slow . the main screen be hit by a fly chunk of rock . the giant glass begin to crack . west ( to Maureen ) I be sorry . the windshield explode , suck they both out into space . ext .- jupiter two-day-present the ship be hit by another fire geyser . the Jupiter two explode . pull back to reveal int .- jupiter two - engine room-future John and will kneel on the crow 's nest as the Jupiter two dodge the fire geyser in the sky through the tear hull . the ship be strike once , again , finally exploding in a roaring ball of fire . john-close . a man who have lose everything he ever love . JOHN I could not save they . will stare at he father and beyond he . there , in the time doorway , a young will walk towards the entrance to Mission Control in the morning sun , innocent with no knowledge of the future . older will ( over ) so many year ago and I can still feel it . we sun . we Earth . it 's all I have think about . go home . will reach forward and touch the control console . the image in the laser generate doorway begin to change . older will a long time ago , you tell a small boy that one day he would understand how precious he be , how much he father love he . today be that day . time bubble-close . instead of Earth we now see this planet 's surface , the Jupiter two rise as it do just moment ago . older will all I could see be you need to go forward at any cost . what you never show I be you love . I lose that . robbed by time . I could never see how much you care . until now . time bubble-close . the Jupiter two try in vain to dodge the fire geyser , then exploding all over again . will enter some command . time bubble-close . the image in the portal begin to run backwards , the Jupiter two reconstitute from a ball of flame , recede past diminish flame geyser , beginning to land again . older will Father , take my hand . int .-cupiter two we be back in the ship just before take off . don man the cam . Maureen strap herself into the co-pilot 's chair . maureen I keep hope somehow he would appear . Maureen stare a beat out the window . maureen let 's go , Major . Don hit the engine switch . the mighty generator whine into life . maureen ( quiet ) Goodbye my love . penny look . the roof of the hull be beginning to swirl , become translucent , like water . there , stand above they , John and older will . 2nt.-jupiter two - engine room -crow' nest-future the bridge of the Jupiter two be visible in the laser generate doorway . older will look to he father . older will don ' T make I wait another lifetime to know how you feel . and with that he push John over the edge , the Professor fall down through space and into the bubble and the doorway below . int .- jupiter two the ceiling become water a John drop into the ship . Maureen cradle she husband . then she look up . will be still visible through the watery hull . JOHN come with we . but the passage through time and space be already break up as the world of the engine room explode in the b.g. older will I can not . there be only enough power for one person , one trip , remember ? maureen will ? older will it 's good to see you again , Mom . it 's good to see you alive . ( fade ) sorry about all the monkey business . Maureen reach up towards she son , reach down , the two hand almost touch before will be go , the portal close forever . JOHN he sacrifice everything for he family . maureen ( fight tear ) he have a good example . Maureen hold he close . a small figure walk up beside they . will . will dad ? a beat , then will reach up , hand he he dog tag . will I be glad you come back . JOHN I just want you to know I love you son . I love you very much . John take the boy in he arm , father and son finally hold close . ( over ) more rumbling as the ground continue to give way . west ( over ) the planet be break up around we . John move fast to the com . west Nice of you to drop in . John smile a beat , then he 's all business . JOHN status ? ( over ) a tremendous crash . ext .- jupiter two the land mass be fall away beneath they , plummete into giant cavern of fire . int .- jupiter two smith we be doom . we be doom . West turn , haul off and punch Smith , knock he out cold . west Boy , that feel good . JOHN get we airborne . Don throw the power switch to full . ext .- jupiter two the landing strut retract . the power drive begin to spin . the Jupiter two rise above the ground just as the firmament collapse upon itself . Fire geyser erupt . History in about to repeat itself . int .- jupiter two west I be go to try to reach escape velocity . maybe we can break the gravitational pull . JOHN no . we do not have the core material . the gravity well will drag we down . west we might - JOHN we will not make it . trust I . I know . we have get to go down . west what ? JOHN through the planet as she break up . west that 's insane . JOHN I do not have time to argue . I be give you a direct order , Major . Don and John stare at each other a beat . then Don smile . west yes sir. viewscreen - close . the world be break up beneath they , revealing a fiery maw . don gun the engine , head straight for the chasm . ext .- jupiter two the tiny ship fly into the giant expand crevice . int .- jupiter two don be fly into the shatter center of the planet . mass of continent , some bear forest , other ocean , all soar past . ext .- jupiter two the tiny ship fly deeper toward the molten center of the planet . int .- jupiter two JOHN there . a window out the windscreen a portion of the planet have tear away revealing the black of space and the starfield beyond . west I see it . Don bank the ship toward the open , fly past explode fragment of this shatter world . ext .- jupiter two the ship clear the planet as the world explode in the b.g. chapter 24 : Alpha Prime ----------------------- int .- jupiter two don guide the ship out into space . Judy come up behind he . judy Nice work , flyboy . west so , I earn that kiss yet ? judy ( a peck on the cheek ) you earn that . don shrug , begin to turn away . Judy grab he . judy this one be on credit . she give he a long , passionate kiss . she let he go , stunne . judy cold fish , huh ? penny hold blip in she arm , who have begin to blip madly . maureen poor thing . she 's lose she whole family . ( off penny ) penny , why be you look at I like that . penny ? penny press a button . blast door open on a storage hold . penny I promise Judy I would take care of she . I could not leave she all alone . ( all stare at she ) well I be they princess , after all . ( turn ) you can come out mow . form in the cargo hold de-camouflage . the other lizard monkey , stand amidst glitter canister of dimondium . JOHN dimondium . now if we could only find we way back to Earth . robot if I may , Professor . the robot project a holographic schematic of the galaxy . the Jupiter two be highlight . Earth blink at the other and . robot you son 's star chart . will it 's a map home . ( over ) alarm . the shattered planet 's core be turn bright red , a sudden roaring blast wave head towards the ship . west the planet 's gravity field in collapse . maureen we will be suck in . JOHN there 's no way to get clear in time . judy the hyperdrive . maureen everybody hang on . penny here we go again . will cool . Don throw the switch . ext . - jupiter two the planet 's core explode as the Jupiter two vanish into hyperspace , a sudden star and then go . final fade to black