episode # : 100 jos '' Pilot '' written by j.j. abram & damon lindelof directed by j.j. abram final production draft April 19 , 2004 script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library lose '' Pilot '' act one over blackness , music . ominous and foreboding . then , out of the darkness , a single word . floating in space , out of focus , toward camera . as it approach it come into focus , but it's sharp only for a brief moment : lost as it near US it again lose focus -- and as we move through the " o " our music crescendo , then stop abruptly as we CUT to : a man' eye extreme closeup . open wide . the man 's skin wet , speckle with soil and fleck of blood . his breathe closely mike -- erratic . this man 's in shock . the sound of insect and animal other - worldly . a blink . then , the reverse angle : stare up hundred of bamboo stalk . sunlight almost impenetrable through the dense forest . slightly wider on the man 's face as he stare upward , disorient , stunne . 40 - year -old . fit . in normal circumstance , one glance would make you feel confident in he . trusting . but here , now , he 's the one in trauma . his name be jack . then , a rustling SOUND -- something coming -- it get louder and Jack suddenly snap he head to the side to see something appear through the thick bamboo foliage -- a white labrador . collar . tag . it stop abruptly , twenty foot away from Jack , look at he . and for the first time , we pull back to a wide shot of the intense , alien - look bamboo forest . the dog just stare at Jack , who we now see wear a business suit and lie on he back , catch in break bamboo stalk . and Jack just stare back . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library continued : it 's a odd tableau -- man and dog look at each other , both entirely out of place ... finally the Lab turn and huff back into the jungle , disappear in the claustrophobic bamboo -- and Jack would call out " wait " if he could even think that clearly and he turn to sit up and it 's a painful move -- he manage to extricate himself from the plant -- and while still on he knee , he open up he suit jacket to check out the source of he pain . something on he leave side -- but we be so tight on he face that whatever he see , we do not . yet . his reaction to he wound be more disappointed than terrify . he manage to get to he foot , feel something in he jacket pocket . he reach in ... and pull out a miniature bottle of vodka . and we hold on he face as he look at it ... consider ... he heart beginning to pound , he fear grow , as do a SOUND -- a frightening , odd SOUND -- something revving in the distance -- something loud -- and the horror of what he suddenly understand far outweigh any physical pain . he move off -- ext . bamboo forest - day Jack move as fast as he can through the thick bamboo -- and as he go there 's something that almost beckon to he -- he hurry through the thick growth , he determine eye focus on the thing he approach -- and as he get closer to it , we finally see it : a white tennis shoe lace untied , catch mid-fall in a bamboo tree , hang by a branch , twelve foot above ground . he stop for a moment , look at it . again : the loud revving -- but it 's closer now - - and suddenly the most important thing in the world be that he get there and fast -- so he 's move now , even faster than before -- through a straight - away miracle path , he 's near sprint now -- breathing quickly , erratically as he make he way -- ext . brush - day -- and now he 's run from bamboo into jungle brush -- thick still , but there 's some more sunlight and he 's almost there and finally he burst out of the brush onto -- ext . beach - day -- and Jack run up , finally stop dead in a extreme closeup . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library continued : 5 he 's bath in sunlight now -- squinting at what he see -- and we be just on he eye . hold on he , in shock , until he move forward -- and in the same shot , we pan as he move -- 180 degree until we're behind he , looking out on something absolutely horrific . only twenty yard away ... a plane crash on the beach 6 777 -- passenger airliner -- 250 - seater -- the middle section of the fuselage plowed into the sand -- one wing sticking straight up , towering seven stories into the sky , sporadic SPARKS bursting from the inverted engine , shower down on the absolute mayhem on the sand -- angle 7 -- and it be like a fuck warzone : scattered fire and wreckage -- dozen of people running about , some injure , other not -- they be help each other , scream -- they cry drown out by the SOUND and wind cause by the enormous jet engine -- no , not the one on the wing point upward -- the other one -- the one on the inverted wing , now crack off its bracket and rest at sand level . and the engine still revs -- spastically , erratically -- spewing coolant and SPARKS and sucking in sand every time it throttles up -- tight on jack 8 as he take this in , overwhelm -- know he 's part of it -- he eye well up in fear -- sorrow -- confusion -- and he turn to look for help -- angle 9 -- but what he see ... be nothing . his look span 360 degree : there 's only spectacular ocean , wave violently crashing as far as a half mile from shore -- a distant coastline -- then mountain -- jag , 2000 - foot high peek -- a deep valley of jungle -- then he eye be back on the horror of the crash -- angle 10 -- where dozen of live be in the balance -- and all at once he know that some -- perhaps most -- will die if he do not take action -- and so he do -- ext . crash site - day 11 Chaos . terror . smoke , fume , fire -- people desperately try to help each other -- run , scream -- everything happen at once -- script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 12 13 14 15 16 angle 12 and amid the madness , the jet engine momentarily revs down -- enough to hear a man' scream -- Jack turn to the source : a man be catch -- stuck underneath two row of airplane seat -- ten foot to the side of the malfunction engine -- Jack hurry across the insanity toward the man -- flash - pass piece of conversation as he run -- korean man man # 1 ( search for he wife ) -- get away from the gas !!! -- SUN !!! SUN !!! stay over there !!! woman # 2 man # 2 -- she be right here ! I I need some help ! please --! don't know ! angle 13 -- Jack race past a pretty 20 - year- old girl who we hold on for a moment -- she just stand there , scream like a motherfucker . we will meet she later . angle 14 Jack get to the man stick under the seat -- he 's too close to the terrifying , loud engine -- which be still so hot that heat ripples can be see behind Jack -- who sweat now as he try to lift the row of seat off the man -- with the deafening volume of the jet drown out any dialogue , we see Jack yelling for two men close by ( one of they be locke , 58 , someone else we will get to know in a bit ) -- they run over and help -- and the three strain hard as they lift the chair section off -- Jack then move to the man -- whose leg bleed severely . Jack rip off he tie , immediately go to business the way only a man with medical training could : he begin make a tourniquet , tie the injure man' leg off -- angle 15 as he tie the leg , Jack look up to see a whole mess of simultaneous emergency -- include a 60 - year - old woman in a peach blouse , who lie unconscious with a 30 - year - old man desperately try to revive she -- whip pan 16 across the beach of debris to a pregnant woman , on she knee , struggle to stand , but with no one to help -- script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 17 18 19 20 21 22 angle 17 Jack then yell to the two Men he 's with to take the tourniquet man to safety -- and Jack run -- over the wing , behind the monstrous revving engine -- 18 over to the Australian pregnant woman ( claire ) -- he help she up -- help she walk -- but she stumble again , strain : claire -- I be have contraction -- Jack help she lie down -- jack -- that 's not ideal ... how many month pregnant be you --? claire ( cry ) -- almost eight month -- angle 19 -- and he glance up , check on the unconscious 60 - year - old woman in the peach blouse , the 30 - year-old man still try to revive she -- though he eye be there , he ask Claire : angle 20 jack -- how far apart be they --? claire -- I do not know , a few of ‘em just happen -- and we CUT back 21 to the two Men , carry tourniquet man away from -- the loud engine 22 -- and they be at a safe distance -- that 's when another man , he back to we -- someone we have not see -- run past we , just in front of the massive engine -- just as it revs full blast ~~ and the man get sucked into the engine and just as he hit the blade we CUT back to : script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 23 24 jack 23 with Claire as the engine explode in the distance behind they -- camera rocked , Claire scream , Jack cover Claire with he body as debris fall -- littering the site with piece of fiery debris . angle 24 at least the horrible engine noise be gone now -- and with Jack 's horrify face close to Claire 's , he force himself to appear calm -- to he focus on she : jack -- listen to I -- listen to I , you be gonna be okay -- do you understand ? but you need to lie absolutely st -- claire ( suddenly , wince , scared ) -- there -- God , that 's a big one -- ( look up , call out : ) you ! the random person who turn be a man -- a large guy , more or less freeze in terror -- this be hurley . jack ( cont 'd ) come here ! hurley -- the -- the plane crash -- jack yeah , I know -- get over here ! and hurley do -- in this moment he might just follow anyone anywhere -- Jack rip off he watch , give it to he : jack ( cont 'd ) hurley -- I need you to get this woman away from this fume ! take she over there ! -- then -- okay -- okay -- stay with she ! do not let she move ! if she contraction occur closer than three minute apart , call out for I ! -- you gotta be kid I -- ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 24 continued : 24 jack ( cont 'd ) ( with bedside manner , to Claire ) I will be back soon . claire -- thank you -- Jack 's already up -- hurley call out : hurley -- hey , what 's you name ?! and here it be , the first time we have hear it : jack Jack ! and hurley turn back to Claire , who say , cry : claire -- I be sorry -- hurley quickly begin help Claire up -- and though terrify , he try to comfort she -- hurley -- do not be sorry -- this be not you fault -- 25 with jack now 25 -- as he run to the unconscious 60 - year - old Peach blouse woman ( rose ) -- immediately take over for the 30 - year-old , whose name be boone : jack boone -- stop -- she head 's not tilt far back enough -- -- be you sure ? I 'ma you be blow air into she lifeguard ! I be license ! stomach -- ( as he do the work ) -- you seriously need to think about give back that license -- and Jack 's perform it now on Rose the way it should be -- breath , breath , pump , pump , pump -- boone that 's exactly what I be do ! script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 26 27 28 29 30 31 angle - hurley and claire 26 as hurley move with Claire to a area on the other side of the plane -- Claire lie down again , in pain , on the sand . angle - jack and rose 27 as he keep try cpr on she -- boone watch -- boone -- hey man , she 's still not breathe ! ( then ) maybe we need to do one of that hole thing -- where you stick a pen in she throat ? jack ( just get the fuck outta here ) -- yeah , good idea -- you go get I a pen ! and boone hurry off -- Jack , just relieved to be rid of he , go back to Rose -- try to bring she back -- when suddenly : wreeeeeeeeeeorrrrrr !!! -- a loud metallic whine which make Jack turn around to look -- dear God , it 's -- the fucking wing 28 -- the 75 - foot wing pointing toward GOD -- it's actually bending at the fuselage where it's cracked -- it's stop for the moment , but it's clear : this thing be moment away from crashing down upon the sand -- whip pan down to the sand -- where hurley and claire rest on the sand , oblivious -- and in the direct path of the enormous metallic wing full of fuel -- horrified -- jack work on the woman faster now 29 jack -- come on ! come _on ! and the wing bend again -- 30 about to go -- a shot from above the wing -- fuel spraying from it -- jack keep pumping -- pumping -- 31 suddenly rose gasp for breath -- horrify , disorient , but alive -- script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 32 angle 32 see this , Jack 's already running now as the wing bend again -- crack more -- and as Jack run he yell out : jack move ! move ! hurley turn -- see Jack approach -- hurley 's confuse : hurley you -- you say do not move ! jack go , get her up !!! now !!! 33 hurley turn -— sees the wing ~~ weeeeeeeeeeeeorrrrrrr ! !! 33 hurley scream as the wing start to go -- a long lens shot as jack arrive -- grab they , pull they to there feet and rush they away as the wing fall right behind they like a tipping redwood tree -- 34 -- and the wing smashes to the ground 34 landing on piece of fiery engine debris and ka - booqoooom ! !! the wing explode -- a enormous blast -- piece of fiery metal rain everywhere --— 35 jack 35 instinctively protect Claire , scare but determine -- jack -- you okay ? she nod -- fast -- jack ( cont 'd ) ( to hurley ) stay with she . hurley ( out of breath ) dude , I be not goin ' anywhere . Jack get up and move off -- 36 ext . crash site - day 36 now we be long lens as Jack walk through the wreckage scene -- amid smolder pile of debris , and people help each other . thing seem to finally be calming down . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 10 . jack scan the area 37 look to make sure there 's nothing that need a urgent response . he find one man , 45 in a suit , who lie on the ground , unconscious . bleeding badly from the head . Jack pull open the man 's jacket -- to reveal a piece of metal shrapnel stuck into he stomach . see this , Jack 's eye go flush with concern . he check shrapnel man 's pulse -- pull open he eyelid . Jack delicately remove the man 's jacket , drape it over he , form a makeshift blanket . Jack turn to the rip - open end of the fuselage -- where first class and the cockpit would normally be -- int . fuselage - day 38 inside the fuselage , look out , the tumultuous ocean frame by this giant shattered aluminum tube . it 's a disorient shot , since the plane be banked on its side . at this angle , seat be on a side wall , the wreckage - strewn floor actually a long row of window . and Jack appear , look into the fuselage -- and we push in on he . what Jack see -- despite he er training -- sicken he . then boone arrive , urgent , hold a handful of pens . boone -- I do not know which one would work best . for a long beat , Jack 's eye do not leave the fuselage . finally he look at boone . and the pen . and tear well in Jack 's eye -- the whole experience finally catch up to he . Jack take all of the pen , say , softly , emotionally , kindly : jack ... they be all good . thanks ... and Jack walk off , past boone , who turn , watch Jack go . ext . beach - day 39 a fifty - yard distance from the wreckage , a fellow survivor stand here , stare almost angrily at the wreck plane . he 's 35 , handsome , with a cocky , self - center vibe . and he 's smoking . meet sawyer . a few other recover about here -- include another man , who approach . 25 . English rocker . self -deprecate -- somewhere between a adult and a child . this be charlie . this two have never speak . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 11 . continued : 39 charlie sawyer -- you , uh ... s' cuse I , ya sure you should be smoking --? -- you sure you want I to shove my foot up you ass ? a beat . charlie okay . excellent , just ... think I would raise it . Charlie walk off . a beat later , he return -- charlie ( cont 'd ) -- mind if I ... bum one then ? thanks ... Charlie take a cig from tough sawyer , then walk off . ext . crash site - day 40 music : synthesizer drone . a surreal post-disaster moment . long lens shot as Jack , for the first time appear vulnerable -- perhaps even weak -- near the jet 's open cargo door . he rummages through a stranger 's suitcase ... other bag he 's already searched beside it . as he zip open someone 's toiletry bag -- ext . beach wood - day 41 a cluster of tree off the beach . the shatter jet barely visible in the distance . Jack walk in here , get away from the other . tight shot as he set down , on a large rock , a TRAVEL sewing kit . a lighter . a T-shirt . and in some pain , Jack pull off he jacket -- revealing a enormous blood stain and rip on the side of he shirt . he carefully remove he shirt . look down at the large slash -- a deep six inch CUT starting on he left side and running to he back . Christ , he do all that with this crash wound . he twist , try to figure out how best to sew himself up . he angle around -- can not find a good way to approach this . and we watch he for a long beat , feel for Jack as he try to solve this painful puzzle . frustrate but need help , Jack look around -- we pop to a tight shot as he see something off -camera . something that make he stop ... +. and we see he point of view : walk , slowly , seemingly aimless through the brush , be a woman . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 41 12 . continued : 4l she 's thirty foot away , she back to we . Jack watch she for a moment . then he call out : jack Excuse I ! and this woman turn . her face pale , ghostly . wrack in stress . eye wet . this be kate . pretty , 26 year - old . smart . trustworthy . and , in all the important way , entirely untest . jack ( cont 'd ) D 'y'ever use a needle ? and kate just stare at he for a moment , disorient . kate ...d -- what ? jack have you ever patch up a pair of jeans ? kate ( beat , about to cry ) I ... I make the drape in my apartment --? jack that 's fantastic -- d' you have a second ? I need a little help . kate take a post- traumatic -stress - disorder beat , then move forward , through the tree . she arrive at Jack . kate ..- help with what ? and Jack turn , showing her the wound . jack this . and she eye just close . jack ( cont 'd ) I would do it myself -- I 'ma doctor -- but I just can not reach it . kate ( eye close ) you want I to sew that up . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 13 . continued : ( 2 ) 41 jack kate it 's just like drape , same -- no , I use a sewing thing -- machine on the drape -- jack you can do this , I be tell you . if you would not mind . a beat . finally kate snap into agreement : she will do it . jack ( cont 'd ) -- thank you -- and Jack pull from he pocket the mini bottle of vodka . hold it out to she , as if offer a drink . odd . then : jack ( cont 'd ) it 's for you hand . understand now , she take the vodka , clean she hand with it . jack ( cont 'd ) save some for I . ( off she look ; smile ) the wound . she nod , give back the half empty bottle as he give she the needle and thread : jack ( cont 'd ) you be gonna have to sterilize the needle . she take the stuff , use the lighter to heat the needle . Jack sit on the rock , suck in a sharp intake of breath as he pour the remain vodka over he wound -- it fuck sting -- kate 's finish with the needle -- consider the six color of thread in the travel sewing kit . kate any , uh ... color preference ? Jack look at she -- there it be , the first flash of she personality . jack Standard black . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 41 14 , continued : ( 3 ) 41 kate nod , try to stay cool , pull out a length of black thread and thread the needle . kate then kneel beside he -- and after a beat she start to sew he skin . then : kate so I might throw up on you . jack ( it hurt , but : ) you be do fine . he watch she , this pretty young woman he do not know , stitching he back together again , try to keep she composure . close on she hand . no jewelry , no watch . jack ( cont 'd ) you live in New York ? God , she just want to lose it . but she do not . kate ++. I use to . I have be in New Zealand . about a year . jack ... how come ? kate oh , I just ... have to get away -- -- and suddenly kate be cry . it just catch up to she , that 's all . and she weep , rest she head on the back of she hand . Jack suddenly feel guilty , watch this kind stranger weep . so he speak , quietly , sweetly : jack ..- hey ... hey , listen , I can get someone else to do this -- kate -- no . no , I be okay . and kate gather she strength -- show a small sign that she 's not someone to give up . she sniffle , gather herself . know she must . she continue sewing . kate ( cont 'd ) you do not seem afraid at all . I do not understand that . jack fear 's sort of a odd thing . it 's like a in - law who just drop in . ( more ) ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 41 continued : 15 . ( 4 ) 41 jack ( cont 'd ) you do not like it , but you can not just get rid of it . it 's a struggle . but you have to learn to deal with it or it will make you insane . kate I have not have much success with fear . sense she need some help as she work on he , Jack offer : jack when I be in residency , my first solo procedure be a spinal surgery on a sixteen year - old kid . girl . ( beat ) at the end of it -- thirteen hour later -- I be close she up ... and I ... I accidentally rip she dural sack -- you know what that be ? kate have stop sewing , now stare at he . jack ( cont 'd ) it 's at the base of the spine , where all the nerve come together . membrane as thin as tissue . so it rip open -- the nerve just spill out like angel hair pasta - - she spinal fluid flow out and I just ... froze . ' Cause I know . if I do not get that nerve back in that sack and sew it up ... that thirteen hour be for nothing , that girl would be paralyze . I have about a minute . ( beat ) and all the assistant be just watch I , I could feel they eye . and the terror be so ... crazy , so real ... and I know I have to deal with it . so I just make a choice . I would let the fear in . let it take over . let it do its thing . ( look at kate ) but only for five second . that 's all I be gonna give it . so I start to count to five . I could feel it inside -- like when you drink a milkshake on a hot day . ( beat ) one , two , three , four , five . ( beat ) and it be go . I get back to work . sew she up . she be fine . kate breathes again , return to stitching he . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 41 42 43 16 . continued : ( 5 ) 41 jack ( cont 'd ) I think everyone have something like that . a moment where you establish you relationship with fear . and either you learn to deal with it ... or you do not . from kate , a little , sad laugh : kate if that have be I ... I think I would have run for the close door . jack no , I do not think that 's true . ( then ) you be not run now . and kate stop -- look up at he . her eye clearly say , " oh yes I be . " ext . crash site - dusk 42 the sun drop below the horizon . the sky turn a miraculous purple-re . Claire watch the sunset . at another part of the beach , locke watch the sunset . angle - the large bonfire - dusk 43 a man wander into frame . stop . check he cell phone . hold it in the air . take another few step . check it again . this ritual have be go on for awhile . camera pull back past a 40 year - old Middle Eastern man , sayid , along with boone ( the former lifeguard ) and a few other , throw palm frond to make it even bigger . sayid turn -- see Charlie ( we English rocker ) , sit alone , clutching he leg , look like he 's get the chill . sayid you ! what 's you name ? Charlie 's head snap to sayid : charlie -- what -- sorry -- Charlie . sayid Charlie , we need some help with the fire ! no one will see it if it be not big ! ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 43 44 45 46 17 . continued : 43 charlie ( get up , help ) -- right ! I be on it ! what 's you name ? sayid sayid . charlie -- sayid ! I be oniit , sayid ! track charlie as he go for more frond -- camera stopping on rose , the woman Jack resuscitate , who sit on the sand near the fire , a blanket wrap around she . lit by the fire , she 's take a man 's wedding band and string it into she necklace , turn the ring into a pendant . five bonfire - night 44 spread out across the beach , group of EIGHT to twelve survivor huddle around they . and we get a sense now of how many have survive : forty - seven people . one of the fire be particularly big -- angle - a korean couple 45 30' . her name be SUN , he be jin . both scratch up , neither seriously wounded . she sit , he kneel before she , hold she face in he hand . talk to she in korean , deeply caring . she 's just nodd , agree with whatever it be he ask . that who speak Korean understand : jin ( in korean ) I want you to stay in my sight at all time . if I walk away , you follow . we need to stay together , do you understand I ? we can not be apart . -- and as he continue , hurley cross frame -- we follow he now . he carry two dozen thawed - out airplane meal . he arrive at : claire 46 the pregnant woman , who sit in a disembody Business class chair on the beach . she rest comfortably . relatively speak , she 's do fine . hurley offer she a meal : hurley hungry ? ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 18. 46 continued : 46 claire ( sweetly , take it ) -- yeah . thank you . hurley ( be : contraction ) any more , uh ... you know , baby stuff ? claire no. no ... I be all right . hurley 's glad . hand she some plastic silverware : hurley hang in there . claire yeah . you too . hurley nod confidently and walk off . 47 ext . beach - night 47 shannon ( the 20 year - old girl who be just scream she ass off before ) sit on the beach beside a small FIRE , painting she toenail , of all thing . she 's compose now , but still come down from the experience . after a beat , boone sit closely beside she on the sand , face she . watch she paint she toenail . there 's something clear here : there 's enormous animosity between they . regardless , he offer she a chocolate bar . shannon as if I be gonna start eat chocolate . he want to kill she . boone how be you toenail come . shannon they be fine , thanks . a beat . boone stare at she . boone Shannon , we might be here a while ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 19 . 47 continued : 47 shannon boone I can go a day without eat if I have to . we might be here longer than a day . shannon the plane have a black box , idiot . they know exactly where we be , they be come . ( beat , then : ) lemme guess . you do not think they be . boone no , I be pretty sure they be not . shannon why . boone because you be so sure they be . shannon you be such a ass . boone while that may be true , I be still -- I swear to God for reason I will never understand -- concerned about you survival . and he offer the candy bar again . Shannon just look at he . all resentment . and while she 's hungry , she say : shannon I will eat on the rescue boat . she go back to she nail . boone know that 's a pipe dream . resenting she in equal measure , he rip open the bar and start eat . 48 ext . shore - night 48 locke , the man Jack recruit to help save shrapnel man , sit on a piece of curve jet wreckage , which almost look like a modernist sculpture . locke just stare out at the crash water . eye fix on the nothingness out there . hurley approach . hurley we get chicken or lasagna . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 20 . continued : 48 a long beat . locke do not move . finally : hurley ( cont 'd ) they be not cook , but they can not be worse cold than they be heat . locke do not look away from the night sea . a beat . hurley ( cont 'd ) hello ? but locke still do not respond . hurley ( cont 'd ) okay , you too . and hurley just walk off . ext . beach - night 49 riiiiip : Jack rip open shrapnel man 's shirt . the metal piece still embed in this breathe - but-unconscious man 's belly . it 's a dirty , bloody mess . Jack kneel over he , check the wound . kate sit close , watch intently . bonfire in the background . kate -- why be not you remove that ? jack because it could be hold he stomach together . pull this out could cause more damage than leave it until help come . ( then ) his head wound 's bad too . kate .-.- be he gonna live ? jack I could tell you a lot more if there be a cat scan around . kate can not take she eye off the man . Jack turn to she and see this . realize there 's a connection between they : jack ( cont 'd ) ++- do you know he ? kate ( beat , stare ) ...- he be sit next to I . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 21 . continued : 49 and Jack feel for she . wish he could fix all of this . but he can not . ext . beach - night 50 now we favor a nine year - old boy -- walt -- who lie here , on he side , cover in layer of clothing to keep he warm . his eye be open , stare off . his father , michael , 32 , lie beside he . michael hey . Walt . sure you be warm enough ? walt ( a whisper ) ... yeah . Michael want to make it better for he son -- somehow -- but he can not think of one thing to do or say . finally : michael Love you . and we just hold . Walt not say a thing . ext . night sky - night 51 imagine the most spectacular view of the star visible from Earth . jack ( 0.s. ) we must have be close to 40000 foot when it happen . then a crude model of a plane appear -- maybe eight inch long , CUT out of that banana leaf , and hold by Jack 's hand . jack ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) when we hit a pocket of dead air . now we see that we be : ext . beach - night 52 bonfire and other survivor in the distance . Jack and kate be together here , use a piece of wreckage as a table . Jack hold the model plane , re-enact the pre-crash moment , try to make sense of it all . kate 's hand be clasped at she mouth as she watch , closely , intensely . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 52 continued : 22 . 52 jack we drop . must have be two-hundred foot . the turbulence that follow ... by far the worst I have ever be through ... but turbulence do not bring down plane . ( beat ) Electrical power come in and out . sounded like the hydraulics go out . it be pretty clear what be happen . ( beat ) how long would you say that last ? kate ... five minute ? jack yeah , that 's what I be think ... ( beat ) there be too much stress on the structure of the plane . ( beat ) that 's when the tail break away . and Jack snap off the tail -- he now , slowly , turn the fuselage , roll it -- and you can imagine how terrifying this actually be -- as he do this , kate watch the model , tear in she eye . jack ( cont 'd ) -- we be out of control . we actually go up for a while . then drop ... flipping ... ( then , it occur to he ) what row where you in ? kate 2- 27 . jack 23 . ( then ) ... I black out . and God , this be the worst memory of all time . still , kate fight for she composure as she say : kate ( unfortunately ) I do not . ( beat , with dread ) I see the whole thing . we be fall ... I know the tail be go . I could not make myself look back . ( more ) ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 23 . 52 continued : ( 2 ) 52 kate ( cont 'd ) ( then ) then the ... the front section come apart . Jack rip off the nose section -- slowly cartwheel the leaf model ... jack -- do it hit something ? kate it might have . ( beat , wipe away a tear ) we crash maybe five second later . and Jack let the model come down -- in a position resembling what we see at the open . the angle be low now -- macro -- it look like the open in model form . Jack consider this . sort of study the image , try to figure it out . jack the front end of the fuselage be not on the beach . neither 's the tail . I wake up about five hundred yard away from the beach ... must have fall out while the fuselage be cartwheel ... ( realize he own amazing luck ; then ) we need to figure out which way we come in . kate why . jack because there 's a chance we could find the cockpit . if it 's still intact , there could be a transceiver . that would let we send a signal , help a rescue party find we . kate ( a little bit of awe ) how do you know all that ? jack I take a couple of fly lesson . ( force a smile ) be not for I . kate jack I see some smoke . from the beach -- about a mile inland . -- where ? ( point ) -- through the valley . from the jungle , there . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 52 53 24 , continued : ( 3 ) 52 his eye on the blackness of the night . as he stare , in he gut know it 's the cockpit , kate say : kate if you be go for the cockpit , I be go with you . ( determine ) we will leave as soon as it 's light . Jack can not help but delight in this resolute young woman . jack I do not know you name . kate I be kate . jack jack. ( smile ) so what be you do in New Zealand ? now that the topic of conversation have shift , kate stiffen momentarily . then -- kate everything . feel like . ( off Jack 's curiosity ) I be , uh ... mixing paint for a while . at a hardware store . I work for a veterinarian , in lumsden . jack lumsden . kate ( enough about I , pal ) so what 's up with the tattoo , Jack ? you one of that really hardcore spinal surgeon or what ? now it 's jack 's turn to stiffen . but before he can answer -- mwooooooqooqo000orrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr ! Jack and kate turn -- listen to -- a_sound . 53 fucking indescribable ~~ unlike anything we've ever heard before -- terrifyingly primitive -- profoundly disturbing . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 54 55 56 57 25 . other survivor 54 turn in the distance , look , scared as kate enter frame in foreground -- in extreme closeup -- kate ( at a whisper ) ... what be that ...? and Jack walk up behind she , look out -- with no answer -- angle - locke 55 push in on he as he turn back toward the jungle -- seat , as he have be for hour , stare out to sea . locke do not seem scared as much as accept of whatever challenge this be . this guy 's somehow accept he mortality in a way that can only , inevitably , be frightening . angle - walt and michael 56 the boy 's sit up -- eagerly reacting to the sound -- somehow hopeful -- Michael see behind he , concerned -- both look toward the distant jungle -- walt -- I think that 's Vincent -- michael ( beat , afraid ) -- that 's not Vincent -- angle - claire 57 mid-way through she meal , Claire be turn , eye on the distant jungle valley -- claire -- do anyone hear that sound -- ? dolly to find hurley , get to he foot and move forward . hurley ... I think , uh ... unfortunately all of we do . suddenly -- the SOUND again -- and -- worse -- hurley turn toward the source of the SOUND -- script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 58 59 60 61 62 63 26 . angle - tree 58 distant 50 - foot tall tree sway -- hundred of yard away -- pan to Jack and kate -- who step forward -- move closer to the scary SOUND -- angle - shannon and boone 59 sitting , but already alert -- shannon -- okay ... this be not funny -- boone get up -- move to get closer to maybe see something -- Shannon be on she foot , piss -- shannon ( cont 'd ) -- boone -- wait -- ! angle - sayid and charlie 60 ~~ and the other at the bonfire -- start to move toward the noise -- angle - the group 61 and all of the character we have meet so far gather on the beach -- in a sort of tiere way -- Jack and kate near the front . there 's a long silence , all of they watch ... afraid -- then , suddenly , gasp as all they head simultaneously turn to -- another part of the jungle --— 62 where a series of distant tree sway as if something scary - big be move -- a few acre in second -- this huge thing -- whatever the hell it be -- seem to be disappear into the jungle -- -- a we hold on our terrified MAIN character 63 for a long beat ... until finally ... charlie terrific . CUT to black . end act one script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 64 65 27 . act two fade in : thousand of feet above pure turquoise ocean , stretching for 64 mile and mile and mile -- moving over a endless expanse of blue . and we begin to pull back to reveal : int . plane - flying - day 65 this be Jack 's Pov -- as he still stare out the window , contemplate something pretty heavy . then : flight attendant # 1 ...- how 's the drink ? Jack turn -- look up at the pretty , Australian flight attendant . jack ( bad ) it 's good . flight attendant # 1 that be not a very strong reaction . jack it 's not a very strong drink . so she slip a couple mini - bottle of vodka from she cart to Jack . flight attendant # 1 ( quiet , playful ) shh . jack ( lean in , sotto , conspiratorial ) this of course break some critical faa regulation -- flight attendant # 1 I see you when you get on . give you first class ticket to that older lady . jack oh , I be not be sweet . she guilt I into it . she 's like six - hundred year old and say she 's never fly before . ( gimme a break ) come on . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 28 . continued : 65 flight attendant # 1 you think it 's all a act ? jack I be pretty sure . smiling , she walk off , toward the rear of the plane -- where she have word with another passenger a few row back . Jack be smile too , hope she will be back again soon . please , Jack twist open one of the bottle , empty it into he drink . downs the whole thing . he put the other mini-bottle into he jacket pocket . unbuckle he seatbelt , get out of he seat just as charlie quickly push past , head toward the front of the plane at a swift clip -- a man on a mission -- charlie sorry ... rose guess he really have to go . Jack smile at rose seat across the row from he . of course he have no idea that he will , in short order , save this woman 's life . suddenly : light turbulence . just a little . no big deal . ding -- " fasten seatbelt " light up . Jack become visibly tense , do he best not to let it show -- flight attendant's voice lady and gentleman , the pilot have turn on the fasten seatbelt sign -- please return to you seat with you seatbelt fastened ... Jack glance at Rose , nervously clutching she armrest . jack it 's normal . rose ( grateful ) .»-- oh , I know . ( then ) I have just never be a good flier . my husband always remind I that plane want to be in the air . jack well he sound like a smart man . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 29 . continued : ( 2 ) 65 rose ( smile ) you be sure and tell he that when he get back from the bathroom . the plane shake again . Jack smile at Rose ... and we almost get the sense it 's easier for he to focus on she fear than deal with he own -- jack I will keep you company ' till he do . ( click seatbelt ) do not worry , it will be over in a -- and the plane drop two hundre feet in two second ~~ 66 scream , engine whine and three people and every loose object slam to the ceiling ~~ jack grip the armrest as the plane shudder violently and we smash CUT to -— ext . beach — dawn 67 crashing wave and we be tight on jack , he eye focus out across the water as the SUN rise . remember the horror as the SUN rise . it 's a unadulterate moment of pure island beauty -- and Jack , now in a clean white T-shirt , take it in . we be dollying , Jack in foreground closeup , as behind he the Survivors be mostly group together now -- nobody sleep -- they be all wire , scare -- and Walt stand among they , look up at this strange collection of adult , all talk over each other about that " thing " from the night before -- michael it be not natural , whatever it be ... rose -- that sound it make -- I keep think , there be something familiar about it . shannon really ? where be you from ? rose the bronx . charlie it could have be something like monkey . sawyer yeah , I be sure it be monkey . it 's monkey Island . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 67 68 30 . continued : 67 hurley technically , you know , we do not even know if we be on a island -- sayid ( if he know anything ) -- we be on a island . this be all just buzz to Jack -- the same conversation have be go all night . he 's still in he own head space as kate arrive , close -- almost conspiratorial : kate you ready ? Jack turn to see kate . she 's tired , scared , but determine . jack kate , you show I where the smoke be . I can get there myself -- kate I be come with you . jack kate I want you to stay here . -- no. jack we do not know what the terrain 's gonna be . you be safer if you -- kate I can not prove to you that I be up for it . all I can say be my gym have a rock climb wall -- and yeah , I realize how pathetic that sound . ( then , firm but simple ) I be go with you . Jack will not argue . Truth be , he want the company . then : jack you be gonna need better shoe . angle - kate 68 near the crash , she 's do the bleak work of pull boot off a dead body . she put they on . they fit . a severe but necessary move . and she look up -- far across the beach , locke be watch she . a somewhat intense gaze . and kate think for a moment , " do locke know the woman whose shoe I be now wear ? " but in the middle of that question , locke smile -- and reveal a orange peel covering he teeth . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 31 . continued : 68 somehow , this moment just give kate the chill . and locke turn away from she , continue to peel the orange that he 's eat . angle - 15 survivor 69 sitting together . among they be boone and Shannon , sayid , Charlie , Michael and Walt . charlie -- anyone have any sunscreen ? shannon ( go for she backpack ) yeah , I do . hurley so I be just look inside the fuselage . it 's pretty grim in there . you think we should be do anything about the , uh ... ( uncomfortable with Walt ) «+. " b-o-d - y-s " ? no one get he spelling . michael what be you spelling , man , " body " ? walt shannon b-o-d-i-e-s. ( hand Charlie sunblock ) they '11 deal with them . when they get here . charlie ( be : sunblock ) spf 2 ? do they even make this ? shannon Fine . she grab it back as Jack arrive : jack I be go to look for the cockpit . see if we can find a transceiver to send out a distress signal . help out the rescue team . ( they be surprised , he address boone ) you be gonna need to keep a eye on the wounded . ( more ) ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 69 continued : and sawyer 32 . 69 jack ( cont 'd ) if that guy in the suit wake up , try to keep he calm -- do not let he remove that piece of shrapnel . you understand ? boone what about the guy with the leg ? you tourniquet -- jack stop the bleed . I take it off last night . he will be all right . boone -- yeah , okay . cool -- uh , good job . charlie ( move to they ) -- hey , I be come with -- I wanna help -- jack -- I do not need anymore help -- charlie -- no , I wanna go , I be not too keen on keep still -- enter the group now : sawyer yeah , this be genius . go into the jungle ? after that sound last night ? the thing that move that tree ? yeah , this be a great idea . and kate arrive -- kate ( be : sawyer ) -- what 's go on ? jack -- nothing -- sawyer when they show up to rescue we while you be go ? we be not wait around . jack ( to kate ) let 's go . charlie -- oh , she 's come too ? excellent . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 69 70 33 . continued : ( 2 ) 69 and Charlie actually go first . Jack and kate share a look -- and the two head off after he . ext . jungle - the hike - morning - later 70 Jack cut a swath through the jungle with a large stick , forging a path of sort . a man of few word , he 's about ten yard ahead of -- kate and charlie . walk in silence for a beat . then : kate you mind if I ask you something ? charlie I ? no , I would be thrilled -- I have be wait . kate have we ever meet anywhere ? charlie Nah . that would be unlikely . kate hm . they keep walk . charlie I look familiar though . kate yeah . charlie you can not quite place it . kate no , I can not . charlie yeah . yeah , I think I know . kate ...- you do ? then Charlie do something surprising . he start sing . charlie " till the ennnnnd of time ! you know you think you would be catch -- till the ennnnd of time ...! " ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 70 34 . continued : 70 as he walk , Charlie look back at she , somehow impressed by himself . kate have no idea what that mean . Jack watch Charlie like he 's nut . charlie ( cont 'd ) kate ( almost insulted ) you still do not get it ? you -- of course I have hear it , I never hear that song ? just do not know what the hell that have to -- charlie ( cont 'd ) -- well that 's why I be -- that 's we ! drive shaft ! kate -- what ? charlie God -- have you never hear of bloody drive shaft ? kate charlie the band ? yes , the band ! -- you be in drive shaft ? -- not be , I be in it ! right now , we be still together , be you kid I ? I be the bassist ! -- kidding ? no ! I be -- my friend Beth would freak fantastic ! with a bass . out , she gimme Beth 's number , I '1l1 love you -- call she . kate ( to Jack ) you know drive shaft ? and Jack shake he head , a grateful " no " ... kate ( cont 'd ) they be good . charlie -- you do not have to keep use the past tense , you know . we be still together . ( as they hike ... ) in fact , I be suppose to be in the middle of a comeback . so ... and they continue , into the jungle ... and now we be on a wide shot of the three of they on they trek -- and we begin to boom down and realize ... it 's actually a Pov : script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 35 . reverse angle 71 through the overgrown bush -- something 's watch they . it 's the white lab from the open ... ext . jungle - day 72 tighter as they enter another area of jungle . and suddenly ... the sky darken . Day to gray in second -- Charlie , look up at the sky -- wind pick up . electricity crackle in the air -- the three stop . charlie this -- be this normal ...? suddenly it's pouring . sheet of rain . fucking torrential . Jack , kate , Charlie -- all soaked instantly -- and they pick up they pace , hurry off as we CUT to : ext . " base camp " - crash site - rainstorm - day 73 the rain pour down -- various shot of the Survivors scramble . the Korean couple ( SUN and jin ) huddle with half a dozen other survivor under a piece of fuselage debris -- when another survivor run over , jin yell at they in Korean over the din of the rain , point : jin ( in korean ) there 's no more room here ! over there ! there 's room over there ! and that survivor be turn away , run past Michael , who cover he son Walt with a too-large raincoat . Shannon and boone head toward the wreck plane -- stop by hurley , who yell to they over the noise : hurley I be tell you , you do not wanna go in there ! too many body ! so Shannon and boone head for shelter of some nearby tree . and locke -- odd locke -- who sit near the shore , eye close , head back . letting the rain fall onto he face . wash clean all that 's come before ... and there 's sayid , be smart : he set up a tarp he 's find in cargo -- use aluminum stick of wreckage as support . and as soon as it 's up , sawyer enter -- ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 36 . 73 continued : 73 sayid I need to put up the other side ! sawyer ( do not tell I what to do ) yeah , I be all right in here , Osama . tight on sayid as he turn to sawyer . fury in he eye . sayid ... what_did you call I ? 74 ext . jungle - valley of tree - rainstorm - day 74 -- and distant tree sway again -- as if the thing be head into the deep valley -- moving -- and we pan fast -- we be under debris shelter -- tight on claire' face as she say -- claire -- look -- oh God , look , out there -- -- we then continue the pan to rose , the rainy beach and ocean in the background . and we push in on Rose , who say : rose ... that 's the way the doctor go ... and the SOUND of rain build and we ... CUT to black . end act two script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 37 . act three fade in : ext . jungle - rainstorm - day 75 as the rain pound , we find Jack , kate and Charlie , continue they hike . they finally stop . they eye fall upon something -- and we pan to see it . it 's the cockpit . actually , the entire front section of the plane , smashed badly , upended , rest against a giant tree . the character take it in for a moment . a horrible sight . and as they exchange a look , ready for anything ... ext . jungle - rainstorm - day 76 boom down over the massive piece of fuselage as Jack , kate and Charlie arrive , look up at the terrifying debris . we trio move around the wreckage , twisted metal offer no obvious way in . kate spot something : kate ( shout over the rain ) over_here ! Jack and Charlie come to kate , who indicate a jagged open at ground level -- enter -able , but tight . kate get on she stomach and crawl into -- int . front section of the plane - rainstorm - day 77 kate stand up to find herself -- inside the front section of the plane . everything eerily canted : all of first CLASS and the front lavatories between she and the cockpit . overhead bin hang open , the aisle themselves on a angle -- rain leak in -- half a dozen body still in they chair . Jack emerge from the open -- see kate be uneasy -- charlie let 's find you transgizmo and get outta here , yeah ? Jack start to move up the aisle -- fight gravity -- have to grab onto the seat so he do not fall ... kate follow he , the SOUND of the rain still pound on the shattered hull . go without be say -- this be all pretty fuck scary . Charlie then crawl through . stands . look up , toward the cockpit . take it all in -- ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 77 78 38 . continued : 77 charlie ( cont 'd ) God ... this be horrible ... he start climb behind they ... int . front section of the plane - cockpit door - rainstorm - 78 continuous Jack reach the cockpit door . batter by the crash -- slightly ajar , but still locked . Jack reach in -- tug on the door . but it will not open . Jack grab a charree FIRE extinguisher ... jack ( to kate ) -- get back ... and Jack slam the extinguisher down on the door knob . dent , but nothing . slam it down again -- the lock break a little -- but it will take some more slam -- jack ( cont 'd ) ( hitting it with all he might ) come _on -- come on -- come on ! bang ! the knob break off ! and Jack drop the extinguisher -- rip OPEN the door and the copilot' body fall out ! kate scream -- Jack shout -- and the body land right near charlie , just as he's climbing into the front section and he scream -- charlie aaahhh -—-damn ! GOD ! Jack look to kate -- jack you okay ? kate ( no ) -- yeah , you ? charlie I be all right ! fyi -- I be good ... and Jack pull himself up and into : script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 39 . int . front section of the plane - cockpit - rainstorm — 79 continuous rain pour through one of the shattered window -- though tree branch and leave obscure any view . the other window be intact , but thick with humidity . branch and leave also obscure any view to the outside . the instrument panel break -- some piece hanging -- wire exposed . and the pilot 's body be here , slump in he seat . Jack turn back to kate , who be about to climb up -- but she see the Pilot 's body . jack ( protectively ) -- you do not have to come up here -- kate -- no , I be good . so Jack help pull up kate . as he start search compartment : kate ( cont 'd ) -- so what do a transceiver look like ? jack -- like a complicated walkie talkie . kate start look for it too . in order to check the Pilot 's compartment , she have to pull he back , off the control . so do , back into he seat and suddenly the pilot jolt , awake -- kate gasp and Jack , shocked , move to he -- the Pilot cough , disorient and hurt . Jack unbuckle he strap -- check he vital -- jack ( cont 'd ) pilot -- hey -- can you hear I ? ( daze , weak ) ( to kate ) -- what -- wh -- -- I need the water -- kate quickly go through the backpack as Jack undoe the Pilot 's tie , loosen he collar -- kate hand the water to Jack , who give it to the Pilot -- he drink a little , cough some up . a dry cut on the man 's forehead -- he eye close . although a pro , the Pilot be on the verge of tear . pilot -- how many -- survive ? ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 40 . 79 continued : 79 jack at least forty -eight . include you . ( Pilot nod , heartsick ) -- anything feel break ? the Pilot slowly , painfully begin to move -- but : pilot head hurt -- dizzy ... jack probably a concussion . pilot -- how long have it be ? jack sixteen hour . pilot -- sixteen ... ( then , afraid ) -- have anyone come ? jack not yet . Jack and kate watch as the Pilot close he eye , almost in pain at the think . finally , he voice weak : pilot six hour in . we radio go out . the redundant system ... the transponder -- be not function . no one could see we . ( then , with dread ) so we turn back . to land in fiji. ( dear God ... ) when we hit that turbulence ... we be over a thousand mile off course -- they '1l be look in the wrong place . kate look to Jack -- this be even worse news than he anticipate . pilot ( cont 'd ) we have a transceiver -- jack -- good , that 's what we be hope -- and the Pilot try to stand -- it 's hard , he 's so bruise -- ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 79 80 81 41 . continued : ( 2 ) 79 jack ( cont 'd ) you should not try to ... pilot ( get he bearing now ) I be all right . ( point to the panel ) transceiver 's in there . kate go for a compartment -- and pull out a damaged radio . she hand it to the Pilot . he start to work it -- when Jack realize : jack -- where 's Charlie ? good question . kate move back , out of the cockpit . the Pilot keep try to radio -- but : pilot -- it 's not work ... int . front section of the plane - rainstorm - continuous 80 kate peek in -- but Charlie 's nowhere to be see . play as a eerie moment ... but then she see the door to one of the front lave be ajar . hear something inside . kate climb back -- peer into the invert bathroom , where Charlie 's lean over the toilet bowl -- kate -- hey , what be you d--? Charlie jump -- nervous -- turn to she -- we hold on charlie , he do not have a fast answer -- charlie -- what ? nothing -- but then : mroqooowrrrrrrrrrooooqoqqooooobwwrrrrrrrrrrrrr ! oh shit : the SOUND again . except this time it 's close -- int . cockpit - day 81 Jack turn -- the Pilot freeze -- pilot jack -- what the hell be that ? ( whisper yell to the back ) kate ! kate 's quickly climb back in -- ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 42 . 81 continued : 81 kate ( sotto ) -- it 's right outside -- pilot -- what 's righ -- ? jack -- shh ! -- whatever it be , it 's right there -- step now , outside the cockpit -- they be motionless as there 's another step -- the wire in the cockpit shake with the apparent " foot " impact -- and a dark shape cross the window -- Jack slowly climb up -- on one of the pilot seat -- and he use he hand -- wipe away some of the humidity on the window in order to look outside -- but there 's no way to see a thing out there . so the Pilot get up -- move toward the break window cover with leave and branch -- jack ( cont 'd ) -- I would not do that . pilot -- good to know . and the Pilot put the transceiver down on he seat as he push away the leave and branch and peek he head out the shatter window . Jack and kate watch , terrify for a moment . then , quietly : kate «-.- do you s-- suddenly the pilot' body get yanked up -- but he legs hit the dash so whatever' got he can't pull he out and kate scream and the pilot ~~ he upper body outside the cockpit -~— drop the transceiver onto the floor and he scream bloodyfuckingmurder as jack move to hold kate back -— charlie scramble up , yelling : charlie -- what the hell happe --?!?! -- now charlie' scream as the pilot' body get yanked up again -- bam ! -~ he legs hit the dash again ~~ the pilot' scream be horrible ~~ kate scream again as the pilot finally get yanked out of the cockpit and suddenly the thing qutside slam into the side of the cockpit -— ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 81 82 83 84 43 . continued : ( 2 ) 81 Jack , kate and Charlie all on the ground , scramble to get out , try to get the fuck out of the cockpit but -- Jack look back -- see the transceiver have fall off the pilot 's seat . he reach for it -- bam ! the cockpit jar again -- transceiver skitter out of Jack 's grasp -- kate charlie jack ! c'mon ! leave it ! jack no ... but he do not give up -- lunge after it -- slam ! Jack lose he foot , land on he stomach -- transceiver 's just sit there , arm 's length away and -- Jack finally get it into he grasp -- staggering to he foot as it shift again and -- bam !!! once ~~ the three fall down -— twice -~ and then again -— and the whole cockpit drop -— - ext . front section of the plane - rainstorm - continuous 82 -- the giant piece of jet crash to the ground -- we be tight so that we do not see the beast that 's do it -- but now it make a horribly loud cry -- int . front section of the plane - cockpit - rainstorm — 83 continuous -- and it 's so loud in here . Jack scramble after kate and Charlie , all three try to get the fuck outta here -- ext . front section of the plane - rainstorm — continuous 84 -- and they do -- and they be running in the rain like crazy -- another loud step and as we be tracking at high speed through the rain -- we whip pan to a sprint kate -— and we intercut now between kate , jack and charlie -- all running like nut -— mrooqooowrrrrrrrrroqqoqqooqoqooobwwrrrrrrrrrrrrr ! Christ , it 's close -- the SOUND be all around we now , no idea if we be run toward it or away from it , just pure fucking fear and confusion and ... script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 44 , charlie 86 run through thick tangled root and wipe out -- come down hard -- wind knock out of he -- he try to get up but can 't -- suddenly jack be there to help he up -- jack c'mon ! but Charlie 's foot be catch and the fuck thing be coming -- louder and louder and that 's when we CUT to : kate 87 still run , up ahead -- crying as she run through the rain -- almost lose she foot , but not -- distant scream overwhelmed by a thunderclap and kate scream as she run : kate jack !!! but when the thunder stop , the scream be go -- and kate run and run and finally slip -- fall hard -- scramble to she foot and take shelter inside : ext . tree trunk - rainstorm - continuous 88 -- kate 's hide now , in the alien branch and vine of a 90 - foot-tall tree . she wait there ... and wait ... terrified ... and we just hold on her ... and hold ... until she scream out - kate jaaaaback !!1 ! -- but there 's nothing -- no one -- and she wait ... she eye glued to the direction they just come from ... she breathes heavily , wait ... and we hold on her for almost a minute . and as soon as we get so close we could not possibly get any closer -- she whisper to herself , terrify : kate ( cont 'd ) one ... two ... three ... four ... CUT to black . end act three script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 45 . act four fade in : ext . jungle - day 89 kate be exactly where we leave she , tuck amongst the root of the alien tree . rain pour down around she . Dark in here . she 's scared to death . we be with she . close . and she hear a SOUND over the rain -- something move towards she -- and she turn around -- look behind she now , petrify . nothing there . her eye wide , blink in the rain . nothing but jungle . she then turn back -- and charlie be stand right there -- and it scare she so much she scream and grab he -- pushing -- and they fall over onto he back , she lie on top of he in the mud -- kate charlie where the hell jack ?! -- I do not know ! -- yes ! he help I up --! -- so where be he ?! -- I do not know where he --! -- how could you not know ?! -- we got separate !!! -- and kate stop long enough for Charlie to say : charlie -- he pull I up . if he have not , that th -- kate -- do you see it ? charlie no. no . but it be right behind we . we be dead -- I be . until Jack come back for I . and just then , something remarkable happen . the rain stop . as abruptly as it start , it 's go . they both look back the way they come -- kate look up , Charlie , still on he back , craning he head . kate we have to go back for he . charlie go back ? there ? Love -- listen -- there 's a certain ... gargantuan quality to whatever the hell that thing be -- ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 46 . continued : 89 she 's already get up : kate -- then do not come . and she go off , after Jack . piss and nervous , Charlie finally go after she . ext . jungle - moment later 90 dolly out of the thick foliage to find kate and Charlie , walk slowly through the drip - wet jungle , back the way they come . they be edgy ... and we be move with they . the dripping sound somehow unnerve . then kate see something up ahead . something glistening in the mud -- and she move for it , Charlie behind she . and she get to it -- kneel -- it 's a scattered collection of coin . and among they , something she pick up . a pilot' wing pin . and kate stare at the pin , horrify ... because she sense what 's come next . she slowly look up . and see something horrific . Charlie look up too . his mouth open in shock . charlie ..- what the hell 's that ...? then , a welcome voice : jack ( 0.s. ) it 's the pilot . and they turn around -- grateful to see Jack approach from the jungle -- kate move to he , scared -- kate -- do you see it ? jack no . it be right behind I , I dove into the bush . Charlie 's eye have go back to the tree . charlie ... Excuse I , people ... but ... how the hell do something like that happen ...? ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 47 . continued : and they all look up again ... and we follow there gaze to reveal that , stick up in a branch , at least thirty - five foot above ground -- be the bloody , torn body of the pilot . Dead now , for sure . ext . beach - day 91 shannon , wear a bikini now , lie near the surf . of all thing , she 's sunbathing . and the glorious sun be do its job -- and it 's a damn coppertone commercial -- except as the camera slowly dolly , the huge plane wreck be reveal in the distance . and we can see , in the background , the Survivors be go through luggage , do work to get a fire burn again , lay clothing out to dry . and after a beat , boone walk over , look down at he vacation sister . boone hey , we be go through the clothes . sort they . ( beat , judgemental ) I see you find you bag . ( beat ) you wanna give we a hand ? shannon ( do not even look ) not really . boone just stare at she , absolutely despise she . but all he do be turn and walk off . hold on shannon for a beat ... until we hear : claire ( 0.s. ) be that you boyfriend ? and Shannon look over : Claire sit twenty some foot away . Shannon 's far nicer to Claire than boone . shannon ( with vitriol ) my brother . boone . God 's friggin ' gift to humanity . a beat . then Shannon turn to Claire -- actually very sweet . shannon ( cont 'd ) do you know what it be ? a beat for Claire ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 48 . continued : 91 claire not yet . ( beat , quietly , half to herself ) .-- I have not feel the baby kick since yesterday . and Shannon turn to she -- off she look we CUT to : insert - sea urchin 92 as it 's pick out of a tidal pool . ext . beach - surf line - day 93 at the surf line , jin , we Korean husband , he pants roll up , intensely pick sea urchins from the water , place they in a plastic bag he 's take from the plane . it 's a oddly serene image . and then we have a reverse view -- from the ocean inland -- and Sun , jin 's wife , sit on the sand . sitting , straight back , rather stoic . watch she husband . the top button of she blouse undone . then we be tight on Sun 's face as she watch he , he back to she ... and though there 's no dialogue here , there do not need to be . because she gaze be distinctly unsettle . michael ( 0.s. ) Excuse I . and Sun look up . Michael stand there . michael ( cont 'd ) have you see my boy ? Sun just look at Michael for a long beat . finally , she speak , in she native language : SUN ( in korean ) my apology ... but I do not speak English . and Michael stand there for a moment , confuse . and Michael look up and see that , mid-reach into the sea , jin have stop work , look back at she wife and this strange man . which should tell we immediately how control jin really be . then , jin call out : ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 49 . continued : 93 jin ( in korean ) you top button be undone ! button it , please , right now ! and Michael watch , somewhat fascinate and disturb as Sun button it up . Michael then say , quietly : michael ... I be , uh ... I be sorry ... and Michael walk off . ext . beach adjacent jungle - day 94 we be maybe two foot off the ground , dollying through the jungle . and we hear : walt ( 0.s. ) Vincent ! ( beat ) Vincent ! and Walt enter the foreground -- so close that all we see be he waist to he knee -- and that he 's hold a dog leash . he stop . walt ( cont 'd ) Vincent ! and we boom up as Walt turn , look off - camera , he eye scan the jungle . then he see something ... and he walk toward it -- and we follow he , over he shoulder , booming up as he arrive at the shiny piece of metal lie on the leafy floor . he pick it up . it's a pair of handcuff . and Walt hold they . tight on he as he look at they , deeply curious . just then he hear : michael ( 0.s. ) hey ! and Walt turn as Michael approach , kneel , take the kid firmly by the shoulder : ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 50 . continued : michael ( cont 'd ) walt -- what do I tell you ? -- I think maybe Vincent -- after everything that 's would be around -- happen -- I tell you to stay on the -- I do not go far , this be beach . so close to the beach , I -- no , do not do this -- you think this would be okay -- listen to I , I mean what I say . you understand that ? ( then , see they ) ... what 's this ? walt ... I just find ' they . push in on Michael , disturb , as he consider the existence of this cuff ... ext . jungle - afternoon 95 Jack , kate and Charlie walk back . a pregnant silence . all of they still in the wake of the insanity of what just happen . Jack up front , fiddling with the transceiver . charlie anything ? jack ( not happy ) ..- you keep ask I if there 's anything . charlie pardon I for appear desperate , but in case you do not hear the pilot before he be eat , they be never go to find we unless we get that thing to work . ( deep breath , then ) so be there anything ? jack no . kate what be you do . in the bathroom . charlie oh , I think you could tell . I be get sick . puke . my one ... tangible contribution to this trek . kate no , I be glad you come . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 51 . continued : 95 charlie yeah , every trek need a coward . kate you be not a coward . and as they walk we be tight on charlie , who consider this as they walk ... and we hold tight on he face as sound fade in -- sound of a airplane in flight -- then : flight attendant # 1 ( v.o. ) be you all right , sir ? and suddenly we CUT to : int . plane - midair - day 96 back on the plane , pre -crash . charlie sit in he seat near the rear of the plane , shaking . pale . sweat dot he brow . he look up at the same flight attendant that help Jack : charlie yeah -- I be good , thanks . flight attendant # 1 can I get you some wat --? charlie ( go away ) I be fine . thank you . please . the Flight attendant stare . then : flight attendant # 1 all right . as she head to the back of the plane , she look at he , maybe a little suspiciously . Charlie tap he hand , fidgety . take a quick peek over he shoulder at -- the rear galley the Flight attendant who he just blow off talk to two male flight attendant in hushed tone and -- all three look up at Charlie . he immediately face front -- nervous . tight on he . he turn back -- take another peek -- ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 52 . continued : 96 all three flight attendant be head back up the aisle towards he -- Charlie quickly undoe he seatbelt , get up in one swift motion -- flight attendant # 1 ( cont 'd ) sir? Excuse I -- but Charlie 's already move fast down the aisle -- and he brushes by jack , get up from he own seat -- charlie sorry ... and as Charlie move on , we can just hear behind he -- rose ( 0.s. ) guess he really have to go . Charlie arrive at the lavatory -- but they be both occupy . charlie -- bugger -— - -- and so he keep moving , through business CLASS -- crossing to the other side of the plane -- he keep go , into first CLASS -- he turn back to see the three flight attendant head for he -- and the plane shake . just a little . no big deal . ding -- " fasten seatbelt " light up as Charlie reach the front lavatory , enter -- flight attendant's voice lady and gentleman , the pilot have turn on the fasten seatbelt sign -- please return to you seat with you seatbelt fastened ... int . plane - lavatory - continuous 97 Charlie be flipping out . camera be in here with he , tight . claustrophobic as he pull off he shoe -- reach into he sock as suddenly there 's a knock on the door -- flight attendant # 1 ( 0.s. ) Sir ? be you all right ? Charlie ignore she , still digging in he sock ... finally pull out a rolled up baggie contain a brown powder . knocking more insistent now ... ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 97 98 99 10 53 . continued : 97 flight attendant # 1 ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) Sir , I be go to have to ask you to open the door ... Charlie hold the baggie up ... look at it longingly . this physically pain he . but he turn around and drop it into the toilet . the baggie rest on the metal drop - plate as ... flight attendant # 2 - male ( 0.s. ) ( firm ) open the door now , sir . Charlie take one last look at he stash , tight shot as he reach for the flush lever and ... the plane suddenly drop two hundre feet -~- charlie be thrown to the ceiling -- int . plane - MAIN cabin - continuous people scream -- the plane banking hard -- nightmare turbulence and that horrible whine -- oxygen mask swing wildly -- the beverage cart roll slam into the wall -- charlie fall out of the bathroom -- and in the terrifying jolt of the last minute of the flight , he fall back to -- 0 first CLASS 100 -- fall to the floor and crawl back through the massive pandemonium -- get into a free chair -- buckle up and we be tight on he terrified eye as we : CUT to black . end act four script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 54 . act five fade in : 101 ext . '' base camp '' - crash site - day 101 chaos . we drop right into the middle of a brawl . close on the fight as sawyer and sayid wrestle . it 's pandemonium . a group of twenty or so stand around , watch the brutal fight -- voice ... gonna kill you ... let he go !... sick of ... don ’t! across the camp Jack , kate and Charlie emerge from the jungle , see all this -- kate what -- ? but Jack be already pull he pack off , immediately enter the fray , pull the man apart -- jack -- all right , enough ! sayid sawyer I have have enough of this guy ! you have have enough of I ?! if you_accuse I of be a the shoe fit , buddy ! look criminal ?! what next ? I around ! they all know it 's suppose you think I be you ! I be just the only one responsible for the crash ! saying it ! jack ( cont 'd ) hey ! what the hell --? Michael be here , hold up the pair of cuff -- michael my kid find this out in the jungle . on Jack . kate. Charlie . all digest this as ... sawyer ( finger in sayid 's face ) and this guy be in the back row of business class the whole flight . never get up . hand fold under he blanket . and for some crazy reason -- I be just point this out -- the guy I see next to he do not make it . do the math -- ( more ) ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 101 55 . continued : 101 sawyer ( cont 'd ) ( nose to nose with sayid ) you be the prisoner , muchacho . sayid sawyer thank you so much for observe my behavior so very carefully -- you think I do not see they pull you out of line before -- if you do not take you we board ? finger out of my face -- -- oh , please -- bring it -- and they be about to go at it all over again when -- kate stop ! and they do . all eye on kate . strong. defiant . angry . kate ( cont 'd ) we actually do have bigger problem than this . ( beat , pull the transceiver from Jack 's pack ) we find the transceiver . but it 's not work . can anybody help ...? a beat . then , of all people , sayid step forward . turn back , look directly at fuckin’ sawyer . sayid yes , I might be able to . sawyer oh yeah , good ! this guy ! perfect ! let 's trust he -- ! hurley hey -- we be all in this together , man . let 's try to treat each other with -- sawyer shut up , lardo . jack hey -- give it a break . sawyer ( fuck you ) whatever you say , Doc , you be the hero . and sawyer walk off , pass Jack , bumping he as he go . Jack watch he , not like he one bit -- ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 101 102 103 56 . continued : ( 2 ) 101 boone you find the cockpit ? be there any survivor ? kate and Charlie exchange a look . turn they eye to Jack , who meet they gaze . a beat . then : jack no . sayid ( be : transceiver ) it 's dual - band . military spec . broadcast full - range , far as I can tell . chance be the battery be good , but the radio ... it be dead . kate -- can you get it to work ? sayid ( stare at it , feel pressure ) I need some time . kate nod -- sayid walk off -- just as Rose move to Jack , say quietly : rose that man with the metal in he side -- he look bad . take a beat for Jack to hear this -- but he finally do . Jack look at kate for a moment -- then head off . hold on kate , who stand there , alone . insert - transceiver -- closeup 102 the break transceiver , be opened . we be : ext . beach - at fuselage - day 103 sayid 's right at the edge of the fuselage , sit on wreckage , use tweezer and a find swiss army knife to take apart and examine the transceiver . check the internal connection . after a beat , hurley arrive , sit across from he . say one word , the sub-text be , '' what a fuck prick '' : hurley ( be : sawyer ) that chain -smoke jackass . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 57 . 103 . continued : 103 sayid glance up , nod : no kid , then go back to the radio . understatement of the day : sayid some people have problem . hurley some people have problem . ( then ) us. him. sayid ( amused ) we he . hurley smile back . then : hurley you be okay . I like you . sayid ( consider hurley ) you be okay , too . hurley hurley . sayid sayid . as sayid work : hurley how do you know how to do all that ? sayid I be a military Communications Officer . hurley yeah ? ( then ) y’ever see battle ? sayid oh yes . ( then ) I fight in the Gulf War . hurley no way . I have a buddy , fight over there . he be in the 104th airborne . where you in the Air Force ? Army ? ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 103 104 105 58 . continued : ( 2 ) 103 sayid ( look at he ) the Republican Guard . and hurley look at he ... realize that holy shit ... he 's just bond with the enemy ... ext . lagoon - day 104 long lens , close on kate , stand alone in a lagoon , out of sight of the other . her duffel bag on the shore , she wear only she underwear and tank - top in the water , clean herself off , use a shirt as washcloth . as she do this , she cry . letting out all of the emotion that 's be building . we hold on she . this moment a catharsis for we as well . and we hold on she long enough to see she pull it together . find she strength again . stare off , know that somehow she have to keep move forward . SUN ( 0.s. ) ( in korean ) -- Excuse I -- -- and kate turn to see Sun stand there -- and Sun be slightly embarrassed as she point back , toward the wreckage : SUN ( cont ’d ) ( in korean ) -- I believe they be finish . they need you . and Sun move away . ext . beach - day 105 kate return , dress now -- as sayid finish wrapping the radio in black electrical tape . kate -- be it work ? sayid seem to be -- except we be not pick up a signal . kate -- why would we need to pick up a signal , be not we send one -- ? ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 105 continued : and sayid currently , 59 . 105 sayid -- yes , but it 's a '' transceiver '' -- it transmit and receive . which mean you can also read the level of other signal that you be pick up . ( show she ) what you want be to see little bar . right here . show she where reception bar would normally be . there be none . sayid ( cont 'd ) the little bar would show that the radio be get reception . meaning we would be in range of another radio . there be no bar here . kate ... so the radio 's worthless . sayid -- we could broadcast blind . hope that someone ... maybe a ship , somewhere , pick up we distress call . but that would be a waste of the battery . which might not last for long . kate we need the bar . sayid we need the bar . ( then , with a think ) it be unlikely , but perhaps worth a try . kate -- what . sayid send a signal from high ground . kate ( uh - oh ) .+- how high ? and sayid 's eye flick over kate 's shoulder as ... script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 60. 106 close on kate -- 106 follow sayid 's gaze . and camera slowly follows kate head as she turn , revealing -- the enormous mountain that hover above they . scary high . and with the next part of they mission now before they ... CUT to black . end act five script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library act six fade in : 107 ext . beach - day 61 . Jack examine shrapnel man . his condition have worsen considerably -- skin take on a yellow hue . shallow breath . as Jack delicately look at the wound -- kate how be he ? Jack glance over he shoulder , see kate . eye go shrapnel man . shake he head : not good . and she caring , nervous for the man : kate ( cont 'd ) .»+.- can you do anything ? jack I can pull out the shrapnel . kate ...- but yesterday you say -- jack -- I know . but that be yesterday . ( then ) I be hope he have be at a hospital by now . ( beat ) we leave he like this ... he will be dead within a day . if I open he up ... and if I can control the bleed ... and if he do not go into sepsis -- and if I can find some antibiotic ... he might be all right . but there 's no way of know until I see what kind of damage there be in there . ( see she 's freak ; a morose joke ) hey -- at least he 's unconscious . kate absorb this . a lot go on behind she eye . almost see she make a decision . then -- kate I be go on a hike . jack sorry ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://ww.sellingyourscreenpla 107 back to ask , we can ( continued ) y.com / library 62 . 107 continued : 107 kate we fix the transceiver , but we can not use it , not from here . if I -- jack -- kate -- wait a second -- kate jack you be the one who say we have to get out a signal -- -- yeah , and we do , but I -- someone have to -- and it do not want you go in can not be you , not with what there . he need -- -- I want you to wait for I - -- no -- = -- there 's not time -- we -- kate -- obviously need to send out a signal sooner than later -- -- hold on a second -- you -- yes I do , what make you saw what that thing do to think you be any safer on the the pilot -- beach than you be in the jungle ? well . that 's logic that even Jack can not argue with . he look at shrapnel man , know he have to stay -- jack ( cont 'd ) wait for I . I do not know how long this ' 1l take -- kate sayid say the battery will not last . Jack look at she . know he can not stop she . jack if you hear anything . anything . ( beat ) run . kate you know I will . jack good luck . kate throw another look at shrapnel man -- intense . connect . somehow do not want to leave he . then : kate you too . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 108 109 110 63 . insert - sea urchin - extreme closeup 108 the sea urchin get CUT with a find pocket knife . reveal that we be : ext . beach - day 109 at the shore . Sun kneel on the sand , cut the sea urchin for food prep on a large rock . jin stand beside she , hold a airplane food tray , collect the cut piece . once she 's do , jin take the newly - cut piece and add they to the tray . Sun reach to take one of the piece off the rock -- clearly just try to help -- but jin actually slap she hand , put the piece onto the tray himself . she react -- obedient and accept as jin walk off with the tray . tight on SUN as she watch he go . and in a private moment of defiance -- she eye hold on she husband as he walk off -- she undoe the top button of her _ blouse . a wide shot of the image -- the complicated couple with they culturally - form dynamic frame majestically by the incredible tropical terrain . ext . ocean - day 110 hurley stand in the water , clean one of he shirt . after a long beat , jin approach with the tray . when jin speak , it 's terse . seemingly cold . and , of course , not in English : jin ( in korean ) I have food . here . try this . hurley turn , see jin . hurley s'up . jin ( in korean ) try this . Sea urchin , it 's good , it will keep you alive . hurley take a beat to understand what he 's suggest . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 110 111 112 64 . continued : 110 hurley -- what . that ? what , eat that ? jin ( in korean ) it 's food , there 's enough for everybody . hurley dude , guess what , I be starve . but I be not nearly that hungry . no. ( slow , louder ) thank you . no way . no. and hurley turn back . jin , finally realize he 's be reject , walk off . insert - comic book - closeup 111 a page turn . it 's the flash . the text -- all dialog balloon , everything -- be in spanish . ext . beach - day 112 Walt lie here , read . angry . Vincent 's leash nearby . he turn the page . after a beat , Michael come . lies beside he . eye the comic . a beat . michael ..- that comic 's in Spanish . ( beat , know ) «-- d'you ... read Spanish --? walt no. ( then ) I find it . Michael just nod . nothing 's work . take a moment . michael esta ese libro bueno , pequefio hombre ? ( nothing from Walt ) that be ... I be kid . ( beat ) tell I about you school -- you go to school ? walt yeah , I go to school . michael ... though maybe ' cause you travel so much that y-- ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 112 113 65 . continued : 112 walt I go to school . a beat . nothing 's work . then : michael tell you what . when we get home ... I will get you another dog . and Walt look back at he father . this word have the opposite of they intend effect -- they tell the kid that he dog be dead . and furious -- on the verge of tear -- Walt get up and head off . Michael watch he go , he eye close . somehow he 's fuck it up again . ext . beach - day 113 sayid put the transceiver in a plastic bag , then wrap it in a beach towel . nearby , kate fill a empty water bottle with rain water collect on the tarp . she seem determine here . drive . sayid the other . they have hear about the thing you see . the pilot . ( off kate 's surprise ) I understand why you and the doctor decide not to frighten we , but you English friend be tell anyone who will listen . ( beat ; grim ) they think we be insane for go back in there . kate hesitates . then -- kate if he tell you about the pilot , he tell you what the pilot say . the rescue people -- they be look in the wrong place . they be not gonna find we . sayid nod . but he eye stay on she . curious -- sayid I do not like it here . but you ... you do not like it here even more than I do . ( off she look ) I agree , send a signal from high ground -- this be something we need to do . ( beat ) but you ... willingness to go back in . ( more ) ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 113 114 115 116 66 . continued : 113 sayid ( cont 'd ) after you see ... whatever it be you see . it be either impressive . brave . or something else ... I can not really understand . sayid 's look at she now -- with that deep eye -- almost as if look into she soul ... and God , it unnerve she . insert - baggie - extreme closeup 114 a hand unroll a sandwich bag contain a ounce of brown powder . ext . beach adjacent jungle - day 115 with the crash site in the distance , Charlie -- sweat , slightly shaking -- have find some privacy here . and good thing : Charlie take a pinky nail - full of the powder and snort it . we be tight on he as we watch its effect : Charlie calm -- " even out " almost instantly . he close the bag , roll it up -- feel much better about himself now -- ext . beach - day 116 tight on the face of a male flight attendant . lying dead , eye open , face we . slowly dolly and rack focus to reveal shannon , sit a few foot away in the sand . she stare at the corpse , hugging she knee , quiet and nervous . the first dead body she 's ever see . and she just stare at the thing , until boone slowly walk up behind she . a beat . boone ..»- what the hell be you do . she just stare . then , quietly : shannon ... I think I be mean to he . boone ( beat ) ..- what ? shannon he be the guy . boone what guy ? ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 67 . 116 continued : 116 shannon the guy at the gate . the guy who would not give we we seat . ( beat ) in first class . finally she look at boone . shannon ( cont 'd ) remember he ? and boone 's stare . Christ , he do remember . her eye go back to the body . realizing , she say , sotto : shannon ( cont 'd ) he save we life . this morbid moment make boone very uncomfortable : boone Shannon , come on , we be try to clear the wreckage why do not you help out . but she do not turn away . boone ( cont 'd ) come on , you be be worthless over here . that make she turn to he , hurt , piss off : shannon .-- I be be what ? boone -- well come on , you be sit on you ass stare at body -- that be not -- shannon hey , I have be through a trauma , okay --?! boone -- we have all be through a trauma ! the difference be that since the crash you have actually give yourself a pedicure ! ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 116 continued : ( 2 ) shannon you know what ? it 's so easy to make fun of I -- and you be good at it , I get it -- well screw you -- you do not know the first thing about what I be think -- -- no you do not ! 68 . 116 boone -- I would rather not waste my time make fun of you ! I wish I do not have any reason to ! yeah , it be easy ! I have a better idea than you think I do -- -- no ? okay , Shannon , what be you think ? 117 angle -- 117 as Shannon 's eye flick over boone 's shoulder -- and we rack focus past boone to the distance , where kate and sayid pack up to go . shannon I be go with they . on the hike . a beat . then -- boone just laugh . shannon ( cont 'd ) I be go . boone oh yeah ? shannon ( fuck you ) yup . she grab she windbreaker , walk past a incredulous boone . boone -- no you be not . ( she do not stop . ) Shannon ! 118 ext . beach - day 118 as kate and sayid finish zipping pack as Shannon , then boone , arrive -- shannon I would like to come with you . kate thanks , but we be -- ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 118 69 . continued : 118 boone shannon she 's not go . ( sharp , to boone ) ( to kate et al ) -- the hell I be not -- -- she do not want to go -- she do this -- -- you do not know what the hell I " do " ! boone she posture -- make choice just to infuriate she family -- which at the moment be I -- shannon shut -up and stop try to be charming -- ( to kate , et al ) I be come with you . kate I be not sure that 's a good idea -- shannon what be you -- like , two year older than I ? please . ( turn to Charlie , who arrive ) you be go , right ? charlie -- where , on the hike ? be you ? shannon yup . charlie -- yes , I be go . definitely . kate ( firm , no time ) look , everybody can come . ( heave she pack onto she back ) but we be leave now . and kate walk off . Shannon look to Charlie , slightly take aback by kate . say quietly : charlie you could not tell from that , but she 's quite nice , really . Shannon head off . boone , annoyed , follow . then Charlie and sayid . a long shot of they walk off -- then pull back to reveal we be with : script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 119 120 70 . ext . fuselage - day 119 sawyer watch they go as he sit on part of the shattered wing , near the remain of one of the enormous engine . he 's take final drag on a cig . in general , a " fuck them all " attitude . after a beat , something weigh on he mind , he pull he wallet from a back pocket . open it . pull out a fold piece of paper . unfold it . tight on sawyer 's face as he re-read the page . and slowly ... he face change . his eye awash in concern ... and , more surprisingly , vulnerability . he just stare at the mysterious letter ... he eye actually welling up with what he read . finally , quickly , he re-fold it -- put it back in he wallet , more anxious and troubled than we have see he . he finish the cigarette and put it out on the damn airplane that bring he here . he get up and move off , quickly , after the other . ext . jungle - day 120 on kate , with sayid at the head of the group . Charlie , Shannon and boone behind she in that order . they be just enter the jungle -- the growth get thick quickly . and now we CUT back to sawyer , who move quickly , determine , through the jungle -- pass boone , Charlie , Shannon -- then sayid and kate , who he look at , walk with she for a moment . they eye lock . she 's surprised -- and not pleased . kate decide to join we ? sawyer yeah , look like it . kate what change you mind ? sawyer ( mind you own business ) I be a complex guy , sweetheart . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 71 . 120 continued : 120 and sawyer keep walk , take the lead . kate want to tell he off -- but not . and we ... dissolve to : 121 ext . mountain base - day 121 wide shot . spectacular view . we six hiker ( kate , sayid , Charlie , Shannon and boone , with sawyer at the front , hack away plant with a find stick ) trudge through the jungle , up the base of the mountain . the hike be not any fun . plus , it 's hot . also , they be scared . kate especially -- look around with concern as they walk . afraid that , at any moment , that thing might show up to end they life . now we favor Shannon and Charlie , who walk beside she : charlie y'ever hear of drive shaft ? shannon ..- what , the band ? charlie yeah . shannon ( not a fan ) yuchhh . charlie right . shannon why ? charlie nothing . horrible . shannon do you have one of they song stick in you head -- charlie -- uh , yeah , sort of -- shannon -- God , I be sorry . charlie ( laugh it off , die ) yeah . I too . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 122 123 124 72 . ext . beach - day 122 back near the fuselage , Jack approach hurley -- jack I need some help . hurley -- okay -- jack I need you to help I go through the luggage -- I need any prescription medication you can find -- especially any drug that end with " mycin " or " cillin " -- that be antibiotic -- hurley -- what 's this for ? jack please just do it -- you will see . insert 123 tight on a shaving kit . Jack 's hand unzip it . pull out a disposable razor . ext . beach - day 124 Jack , disappointed , put the shave kit back in the bag -- he turn , open another bag . and he notice michael , sit nearby among the bag , stare off . as Jack go through another bag , he ask : jack ..- how 's you son ? Michael look up , surprised . michael Walt ? yeah , I think he will be all right . jack how old be he ? michael nine . ( then , suddenly ) ten. ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 124 125 126 73 . continued : 124 Jack glance at Michael , then find something in the luggage . it 's another shaving kit . as he unzip it , start to go through the content -- michael ( cont 'd ) Walt 's more worried about he dog than anything . it be on the plane , so ... kid , you know . they be -- jack -- be it a white lab ? michael ( stunne ) ... yeah . jack -- yeah , I see he yesterday . in the jungle . michael -- what ? where ? jack over there , hundred yard in or so . he look good . and Jack pull out a straight razor . he snap open the blade . test its sharpness with he finger . michael -- what be that thing you see . in the jungle -- what be it ? Jack fold the razor shut . jack I have no idea . and Jack walk off . Michael look toward the jungle . sigh , burden with a task he do not want to accept : go into the jungle after that damn dog . insert - backgammon set 125 extreme closeup of a mini-travel magnetic backgammon set . hand set up the piece . ext . beach - day 126 it 's locke , set up the game . after a long beat , ina wide shot , Walt come into frame , watch locke . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 126 74 . continued : 126 a long beat of silence . finally , locke ask , without ever look up : locke do you play ? a beat . walt nope. ( long beat ) -..- what be it ? be it like checker ? as odd as locke seem around the adult , he almost seem normal now . a bizarre child - like honesty that make he accessible to Walt . locke not really . ( look up ) it 's a better game than checker . and after a beat , Walt move closer to locke . watch . locke ( cont 'd ) do you play checker with you pop ? walt ( long beat ) no. ( beat ) I be in Australia with my mom . locke you have no accent . walt yeah , we move a lot . ( beat ) she get sick . she die . so. locke look at the kid . you sorta wish he be not . locke you be have a rough month . matter of fact . not talk down to the kid . and Walt appreciate that . locke turn he attention back to the board . slowly and gently continue to set up the board , push the small black and white tile onto they start point . the effect be almost mesmerize -- ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 126 75 . continued : ( 2 ) 126 locke ( cont 'd ) backgammon be the oldest game in the world . much older than chess . archaeologist find set when they excavate the ruin of ancient mesopotamia . would you like to guess how old they be ? walt a hundred year ? locke five thousand year . walt ( whisper to himself ) ... five thousand ... locke ... that 's older than Jesus Christ . which do not really land for Walt . but he ask : walt do they have dice and stuff ? locke yes . but theirs be not make of plastic . ( then ) they dice be make of bone . walt ( slightly nervous ) cool . Walt watch carefully as locke pick up one white piece and one black one . fold they into he clasped hand and gently shake ... locke the Persians call it " takhteh nard " which mean " Battle on Wood " . two player . two side . one be light . one be dark . locke extend he close fist , offer they to Walt . Walt consider ... deliberate . then tap he finger on locke 's right hand . he slowly open one . we do not get to see it , but Walt do . and now that distract creepy grin be back . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 126 127 76 . continued : ( 3 ) 126 locke ( cont 'd ) walt. ( beat , sotto ) ... you wanna know a secret ? hold on the boy , stare at he ... intrigue ... ext . beach - day 127 back at the beach , Claire sit in the first class seat , write in a journal . sad. scare . and after a beat , jin be there , with a tray of sea urchin . she regards the plate . claire ».-.- oh . no thank you . but jin insist : jin ( in korean ) you will need to eat -- especially you , you should have some . she hesitates , but take some . chews some off . eat it . and God , do she not like it . jin watch she , nodd : jin ( cont 'd ) ( in korean ) it 's good , be not it ? and as she eat the horrible food , suddenly she face change . like she just feel something . jin look on , concerned -- and Claire stand -- claire -- oh my God -- jin ( in korean ) -- what be it ? be you -- be you okay ? and she suddenly smile -- beam -- thank GOD , she' felt a kick ! claire -- I feel it ! come here -- feel this ! -- and she take jin 's hand -- which disturb he to no end ~~ he do not like this situation at all -- especially what she do : placing he hand on her belly -- ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 127 128 77 . continued : 127 claire ( cont 'd ) jin -- do you feel that ?! feel ( in korean ) that ! it 's a kick ! that 's a -- Excuse I , that 's okay , I foot ! right there -- no do not need to -- I would wait , it 's move -- he 's rather not -- no , that 's all move around -- he ... I right , please let go of my guess I think it 's a he ... hand -- and Claire 's laugh now at the relief -- she eye tear up as she talk to she belly : claire ( cont 'd ) I feel you -- thank you -- thank you ! ext . overgrown grass field - day 128 another wide shot . different area , some time later . and we group arrive , hike through . as they do : sawyer okay . Wide open space . ( to sayid ) you should check the radio -- see if we be good . sayid we be not gonna have any reception yet -- sawyer -- tell you what -- just try it . sayid I do not want to waste the battery -- sawyer -- I be not ask you to keep it on all day -- sayid -- we be still block by the mountain -- sawyer -- just check the damn radio ! sayid if I just check , we might not have any juice leave when we get to -- a sudden rumble -- they all turn to look toward the SOUND , come from the overgrown grass field -- something loud -- something coming , fast -- and they all freeze , afraid -- ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 78 . 128 continued : 128 boone -- the hell 's that ? shannon ( quiet , sudden panic ) -- oh God -- and they all turn to look -- to the distant , tall - grow grass -- push in on we character -- kate -- kate ... something 's come -- then we smash CUT to : 129 ext . tall grass - day 129 -- we be ripping through the grass at a side - angle -- a view of the legs of this charging , snorting beast -- but it's moving so fucking fast that it's just a loud , horrifying blur and just as fast we smash CUT back to : 130 ext . jungle - day 130 whip to charlie , terrified if under-state : charlie ( choke voice ) -- come towards we , I think ...? -- Hell _ yeah , it be -- a hundred yard away and close -- it 's big , it 's charging , and it 's kicking up dust in the over grow grass -- 131 ext . tall grass - day 131 -- another fast , loud blur of a charging creature and -- 132 ext . jungle - day 132 -- kate 's be through too much now -- she grab Charlie and the two run off -- kate let' move ! the rumbling charge -- a snorting beast getting louder -- Shannon just stand there , scream - shrieking out of her mind : shannon i_shouldn't have come on this !!! ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 132 133 79 . continued : 132 -- and boone grab she and yank she away and kate be running to , she turn back to sawyer , who stand there alone , intensely face whatever 's come -- and kate yell : kate sayid sawyer , come on !!! let he go ! no , sawyer !!! but sawyer do not move -- instead he do something wildly surprising : he pull out a gun and begins firing at the approaching thing ! bam ! bam ! bam ! and kate and the other stop , shocked , watch in out - of breath horror as sawyer fire , again and again and the thing get closer and closer until sawyer' gun fire out and suddenly , exploding from the brush : a giant fucking animal burst out , falling to the dirty ground , dead -- bleeding -- and heaving its last breath only two foot away from sawyer , who stare , in shock ... ..- at_a giant white bear . and now we're on Charlie , Shannon , sayid and boone -- all of they , in total mind - bend shock at what 's just happen . out of breath , they all walk over to the beast , which inhale and then exhales for the last time . a long beat , then : shannon ( cont ’d ) ...- that 's ... that 's a big bear . boone -- you think ... that 's what kill the pilot ? kate throw a look at Charlie -- this be exactly why he should have keep he mouth shut . but as the cat be already out of the bag -- charlie that ? no . no , that 's maybe a little tiny preemie baby version -- this be nothing compare to that -- kate -- guy ? this be not just a bear . ( beat ) it 's a polar bear . and they be all stare , incredulous ... ext . makeshift infirmary - day 133 move past prescription bottle , a pair of scissor . the sewing kit . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 133 80 . continued : 133 clean white t-shirt tear into strip -- makeshift bandage . the straight razor . a removed sink basin from the lav , full of water . pan up to reveal -- Jack have build a makeshift tent out of the deflate life raft over shrapnel man , now stripped down to he waist . hurley be here . leans over the " patient " -- hurley you sure he 's out ? jack he 's out . hurley how do you know he will not wake up when you pull that thing out ? jack ( flip open razor ) I do not . hurley do not exactly feel reassure by this information . move in real close over shrapnel man -- hurley hey , guy -- you awake ? ( louder ) yo ! there 's a rescue plane ! hey ! ( nothing ) yeah , he 's out . Jack pass the blade over the flame of a lighter . hurley 's pale -- hurley ( cont 'd ) +..- so what do I -- jack -- it 's unlikely he will regain consciousness , but the pain might bring he around . if it do ... I need you to hold he down . hurley uh -- I be not so good around blood , man . jack then do not look . hurley yeah . but I be not so good around blood . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 81 . 133 continued : ( 2 ) 133 jack just do you best , okay ? Jack put the lighter down , then put both hand on the shrapnel . hurley should not you like , wash you hand ? jack I do . but he will probably get infect no matter what I do . he life , we just hope the antibiotic work . do not look . hurley ( turn away ) okay ... mutter something to himself . maybe a silent prayer . a tense moment ... and then , suddenly Jack yank the shrapnel from the man' belly as we -- smash CUT to black . end act six script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 82. act seven fade in : 134 int . makeshift infirmary tent - day 134 second after Jack have pull out the shrapnel -- Jack do he best to assess the wound , now bleed profusely . hurley have neglect he duty in hold shrapnel man down , in awe / disgust / shock about what 's happen in front of he -- hurley jack dude ... Hand I that strip -- and thank fuck God most of this happen below frame because Jack actually just put he hand inside the guy . hurley jack dude . just hand I the strip -- I need to get this blood -- -- I do not think I can -- ( feel something ; it be not good ) -- oh . -- " oh . " oh what ? what 's go on ? be there something in there -- -- I need a little focus , okay ? the strip . just hand I the -- but hurley in fact can not focus . he 's look at the open wound , eye glaze over . Jack see it -- jack hey ! do not even think about -- hurley ! but it 's too late . hurley crumple , hit the ground like a bag of rock -- passed out . jack ( cont 'd ) dammit . and as he do he best to refocus on the task at hand -- 135 ext . jungle - day 135 the group -- still reacting to the almost - dead polar bear . sawyer , eye on the bear , shove he gun into the back of he pants . boone ... that can not ... be a polar be -- kate sawyer it 's a polar bear . it 's a polar bear . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 135 continued : 83. 135 shannon wait a minute . wait a minute . I never ... finish college . but ... polar bear do not ... normally live in the jungle , right ? charlie yeah , spot -on . no , they do not . this be a freakshow -- kate ( to sayid ) have you ever hear of anything like this ? sayid no , this be , uh ... polar bear do not live near this far south -- boone -- this one do . sawyer did. do . you be welcome for that . and kate turn to he . tough . kate where do that come from . sawyer prob 'ly bear Village . how the hell do I know -- kate -- not the bear , the gun . sawyer I get it off one of the body . sayid ( confront he too ) one of the body . sawyer ( fuck you ) yeah , one of the body . shannon people do not carry gun on plane ! ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 135 continued : 84 . ( 2 ) 135 sawyer they do if they be a U.S. marshal ! there be one on the plane -- kate -- how do you know that ?! sawyer ' Cause I see a guy lie there with a ankle holster -- so I take the gun , think it might come in handy , guess what , it do ! kate -- why do you think he be a marshal ? sawyer because he have a clip - on badge ! ( whip out the badge , angry ) take that too ! think it be cool ! listen , sweetheart , you should be kissing my ass after what I just do for you ! sayid i_know who you be . you be the prisoner . sawyer ( beat ) «-. - I be the what ? sayid you found_a_gun on awU.S. marshal ? yes , I believe you do . you know it be there because you be the one he be bring back to the States . that handcuffs be on you . ( everyone stare at sawyer , nervous ) that 's how you know there be a gun -- sawyer -- hey , guess what , screw you ! sayid that 's who you be , you son-of - a- bitch ! sawyer be as suspicious of I as I be of you -- go ahead ! sayid you accuse I , but you be the prisoner ! ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 135 85 . continued : ( 3 ) 135 sawyer -- Fine , I be the criminal ! you be the terrorist , we can all play a part ! ( to Shannon ) who do you wanna be ? I will tell ya what you should be ! and in the middle of they argument kate grab the gun from sawyer' pant -- sawyer swing around -- sawyer ( cont 'd ) hey ! but kate stand there , defiantly hold the gun on sawyer . everyone just freeze -- tense -- kate who know how to use a gun ? charlie I think you just pull the trigger . but kate , we just escape death , let 's not push we luck -- kate I want to take it apart . charlie -- oh -- sayid there 's a button on the grip -- push that , it will eject the magazine . and kate do it : it pop out with a solid metallic SNAP . sayid ( cont 'd ) but there 's still a round in the chamber -- hold the grip , pull back on the top part of the gun -- she do that -- the bullet pop out . she toss sayid the clip . she pick up the bullet . hand sawyer the worthless gun . he take it , somehow amused by she . sawyer I know you type . kate I be not so sure . sawyer yeah , I have be with girl like you . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 86. 135 continued : ( 4 ) 135 kate not girl exactly like I . sawyer 's amused by she . and he just walk away -- and we hold on kate for a long beat as she watch he go ... finally hearing : flight attendant # 3 ( v.o. ) can I get you a refill ? and kate look up as we CUT to : 136 int . plane - day 136 we be look up at the flight attendant -- and realize that we be back on the plane . the moment before the trouble . and the Flight attendant be talk to kate , who look up at she -- and as if have to hide some deep trouble , kindly say about she almost - empty cup of Coke : kate no , I be fine with this , thank you . the Flight attendant turn to the man sit beside kate -- flight attendant # 3 -- you , sir ? and we realize it's the man who be bleeding from the head at the crash scene ~~ the man who jack be operating on . man ( to she chest ) I will have a coffee , sweetheart . flight attendant # 3 -- coffee , sure -- and the Flight attendant move away . the man glance at kate . kate stare out the window , pensive . a beat . man you look worried . ( she say nothing ) I would be worried too , I be you . kate 's eye just stare at the blue out there . man ( cont 'd ) hey -- look at the bright side . there 's a off-chance they will believe you story . ( more ) ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 136 87 . continued : 136 man ( cont 'd ) ( tongue firmly in cheek ) I sure know I do . kate finally look at he . a intense stare . for a reason we be about to learn , she resent this man . kate it do not matter to I what you believe . he grin . if it be not clear before , it 's clear now -- this guy be a class -a prickfuck . man well that sure be true . always have be . ( long beat ) you sure you do not want another soda ? kate ( defiant ) yeah , thanks . then she go to take a final sip -- and what we see shock we . kate be wearing the handcuff . her jacket have hidden they from that around her -- but holy shit , she' the one the U.S. marshal be taking back to the states ~—- and the man beside her be that marshal . as she finish she drink , the plane shake . just a little . no big deal . ding -- " fasten seatbelt " light up . flight attendant's voice lady and gentleman , the pilot have turn on the fasten seatbelt sign -- please return to you seat with you seatbelt fastened ... and kate turn to the man . kate I have one favor to ask . man this oughta be good . wh -- and suddenly the plane drop two hundre feet in two second -- people hit the ceiling -- scream as the beverage cart come down , hitting the man beside kate -- he's suddenly unconscious as the plane hit horrible turbulence -— — script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 137 138 139 140 141 142 88. passengers scream -- terrified -- 137 -- and the plane drop -- it 's mayhem as the thing be about to break up and the oxygen mask drop now and people scramble to grab they -- kate try too -- but her cuff be attached to her belt -~ — she can't reach high enough -- and she can barely breathe now -- unable to reach for the oxygen mask -- people be scream -- 138 camera shaking madly as the structure of the plane be tested =- the view out kate window alternately sky and sea as they drop -- then kate 139 grab the unconscious man and pull he over her ~~ he slump on top of her , head bloody and she pull he key -ring out ~~ scramble to unlock her cuff -~— she doe -- and she grab the oxygen mask , put it on her ~~ and prop the marshal up in he seat ~~ grab he mask and put it on he . and we're tight on kate -- 140 terrified out of her mind as the plane be about to break up -— and we're looking at her as the rear of the plane rip off -~ just fucking disappear ~~ people and thing falling out into nothingness as we smash CUT to : ext . jungle - day 141 just where we leave kate -- as the other walk off , follow sawyer . sayid then move to kate , who 's pale now . and he say to she , sweetly : sayid -- we should keep move . and kate nod -- and head off -- ext . makeshift infirmary tent - day 142 hurley still out fuck cold , Jack continue he surgery . up to he elbow in blood . his patient , now clearly identifiable as the marshal who fly with kate . we do not see what Jack be do , but it have a frantic feel to it . clearly get the sense that thing have go from bad to worse . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 142 143 89 . continued : 142 his hand move on autopilot -- use the tear shirt to soak up the blood with he leave hand -- hold the needle and thread in he right , try to stitch up whatever be tear inside -- a desperate attempt to stick he thumb in the dam that be this guy 's life . and that 's when -- shrapnel man gah --- Jack freeze -- the man 's face be contort in pain as he begin to gain consciousness -- jack -- no -- the guy be literally struggle to breathe -- but he 's conscious now . move he lip , something come out ina whisper -- the guy be willing himself to say something -- Jack put down the needle -- lean closer -- jack ( cont 'd ) what ? I can not ... and suddenly , the guy grab Jack by the shirt . pull he close with he last ounce of strength . and he hiss -- the marshal where be she ? off Jack 's face -- ext . beach - day 143 tight on a SMALL leaf ( know as " sleep grass " ) . a small hand touch it -- and the leaf close . rack focus to reveal Walt , sit on the sand , study this odd plant . after a beat he hear : michael ( 0.s. ) Walt ! and Walt turn around -- across the beach , he see he father . michael ( cont 'd ) you look for this ? Walt look , curious . and Michael step forward -- revealing vincent , walt white lab . Walt 's face come to life as he race across the sand to the dog , who run to Walt . Walt hug the dog , loving he . Michael watch this . he can not help but smile at the reunion . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 143 144 145 90 . continued : 143 then Michael look over to Jack -- who kneel over the man with the shrapnel wound . and Jack be talk to the man -- and Michael watch this from a distance -- can not hear anything -- but what Michael see be fascinating . the man -- the marshal -- be tell Jack something . something urgent -- and Jack 's reaction be shock . disbelief . and the man -- hold on to Jack 's lapel -- die . and Jack stare at he , stunne . Michael watch as Jack finally sit back , exhaust , shocked . and Michael watch he , intrigue . we be tight on jack -- long long lens -- as he look off , he mind spin -- ext . mountain - day 144 we be tight on kate as she walk , stare off , numb ... relive she last moment on that airplane ... hold on her for a long beat . angle - sayid also walk . he pull out the transceiver as they go . sawyer see this . sawyer oh . now it 's a good time to check the radio . not before , but now . sayid we be up higher . sawyer ( asshole ) yes , we be . sawyer walk off , past sayid as sayid turn on the radio . stare at the screen . and he walk up to camera and stop -- now in extreme closeup . and we see he Pov -- 145 tight : a bar flicker in the reception window -- sayid 's shocked -- breathless -- script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 91. 146 back to scene 146 sayid -- bar -- bar , there 's a bar -- ( then , loud ) hey ! we got a bar !!! the other stop -- turn to he -- sayid fiddle with the control as the other surround he -- he hold down a button and make the call : sayid ( cont 'd ) -- mayday mayday -- but : scrrrrreeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee ! horrible feedback ! kate sayid -- what 's that ? -- feedback -- - feedback from what ? -- I do not know -- -- what would do that ? sawyer I will tell you what would do that . this guy not fix the radio -- the thing do not work -- and once again : scrrrrrreeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee ! sayid release the button -- sayid no -- no , it 's not break ... ( suddenly ) we can not transmit because something 's already transmit . this sink in -- shannon charlie what ? transmit from where ? sayid ( cont 'd ) somewhere close -- the signal 's strong -- charlie Close ? you mean here on the island close ? that 's fantastic ! boone maybe it 's other survivor -- shannon sawyer from we plane ? how -- so what kind of " transmission " be it ? ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 92. 146 continued : 146 sayid could be a satphone -- maybe a radio signal ... tight on kate as she finally ask the only question really worth answer -- kate can we listen to it ? sayid I do not know what frequency the signal be -- hold on -- sayid begin to scan for the frequency -- nothing but static . sawyer kate -- there 's no transmission -- sawyer , shut - up -- charlie it 's the rescue crew -- it must be -- and suddenly gasp from the group as they hear a frantic female voice : female voice ( v.o . ) ...- Il est dehor ... Il est dehor et brennan pris les clef ! charlie -- that 's french . the french be come ! I have never be so grateful for the french -- we people can not believe they be actually hearing another voice : kate female voice ( v.o. ) I never take french -- -- veuillez nous aider ... il what 's she say ? sont mort -- il sont tous mort ... sayid -- do anyone speak french ? moving over all they face as the voice continue . no. none of they speak french . but then -- point : boone she do . boone 's point at Shannon . and not since algebra 2 have Shannon be on the spot like this . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 93. 146 continued : ( 2 ) 146 shannon what ?!? no I do not ... boone shannon what the hell be you talking about , you spent a year in drinking ! not studying ! paris ! and now another voice emerge from the walkie . a male voice , oddly flat . without inflection . automaton -- male voice ( v.o. ) iteration one seven two nine four five three one . charlie ( fuck befuddle ) right then -- what be that ? but now the french woman be speak again . and she voice be fading a little ... sayid kate -- nonono -- -- what ? " nonono " what ? -- the battery -- they be die -- boone ( to Shannon ) I 've see you talk french !!! listen to this !!! Shannon try to understand it -- shaking , she eye close -- kate 's nervous -- kate sayid how much time do we -- ? -- not much -- sawyer you be tell I no one here speak french ?! ? charlie male voice ( v.o . ) -- that voice -- that 's iteration one seven two nine weird -- four five three two . and the desperate female voice begin again ... female voice ( v.o. ) shannon -- nous aider ... il sont ( small voice ) mort -- it 's -- it 's repeat -- ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 94 . 146 continued : ( 3 ) 146 sayid -- yes , she 's right -- it 's a loop . " iteration . " it 's repeat the same message . ( and to prove it ) it 's a counter -- the next number will end five three three . and they hush , focus on the transceiver as -- male voice ( v.o. ) iteration one seven two nine four five three three . beat . then , the french woman begin again , still fainter - sayid look up at the other , triumphant . sawyer do anyone understand what the hell he 's talk about ? sayid it 's a run count . of the number of time the message have repeat . it 's roughly thirty second long , so ... sayid 's eye look skyward , lip move -- run the number ... sawyer do not forget to carry the one , chief . charlie kate -- guy , the battery -- give he a minute . boone could not care less about figure out the number . he be still intent on he sister -- boone -- c'mon , shan -- what 's she say ? try. female voice ( v.o. ) shannon Si n'importe qui peut ( scramble ; stress ) entendre ceci -- veuillez -- I do not know -- I think nous aider ... she 's say " please . " ( listen ) she 's say " please help I . please come get I . " sawyer ( lose he shit ) or she 's not ! you do not speak french ! ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 146 95 . continued : ( 4 ) 146 kate let she listen . female voice ( v.o. ) Il les a tue . i1 les a tue tous . and Shannon 's face fall as she listen , something register ... and whatever it be , it scare the live shit out of her . charlie what ? what be it ? the voice get fainter and fainter . Shannon bring the walkie to she ear , she 's calm now , almost as if she 's channeling the speaker . and yeah -- it 's fuck spooky ... shannon " please help ... I be alone now ... on the island alone . someone please come ... the other , they be dead . it kill they . ( then ) it kill they all . " and with that , complete and utter silence . the battery be dead . just the wind . then Shannon lower the transceiver . we suddenly find sayid . his lip stop move . his eye drop from the heaven . and he look even more frighten than the rest of they . sayid sixteen year . sawyer ( snap out of it ) what ? sayid sixteen year . five month . and nine day . that 's the count . charlie boone the count ? what -- ? you wanna give we a minute here , man ? ' Cause this be -- sayid ( cont 'd ) the message . the iteration . it 's a distress call . a mayday . a plea for help . and if the counter 's right , it 's be play ... over and over for sixteen year . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 96 . 146 continued : ( 5 ) 146 and we let that doozy sink in for a moment before -- boone someone else be strand here ? kate maybe someone come for they ... sawyer if someone come , why 's it still play ? beat . another beat . and another . take in all six of they . all equally freak ... no longer so sure they be lucky to survive . finally -- charlie guy -- where be we ? CUT to black . the end script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library