1 ext . house - night sold sign be post in front of a house . shot of sign . CUT to : 2 int . house - live room - same night the house be empty except for bekins box which be pack . they be all over the room . the camera slowly move in and around the box until we reach the bedroom . 3 int . bedroom the bed be the only piece of furniture leave . the cam - era stop . in front of the bed be a small black - and - white television . in bed be david and nancy howard . Nancy be roll over on she side . David be lie on he back with he eye wide open . david Nancy ? Nancy ? nancy what ? david sleep ? nancy yes . david maybe we should not move . nancy ( sit up ) oh God . what 's the matter now ? david nothing . it 's just time to ask this question . nancy no . we have sell we house and buy another one . this question should have be ask before . david okay , fine . I can not talk to you . good night . David pretend like he 's actually go to go to sleep . nancy ( in a monotone ; obvi- ously she 's have to say this many time before ) stop it . you be nervous about tomorrow . you will get you promotion , do not worry . we will move into we new house and we will be happy , okay ? david Boy , you should hear yourself . the excitement in you voice just fill the room . nancy look , I be tired . stop question . we make a wise decision . let 's try and feel good about it , alright ? david Fine . nancy good night . david good night . Nancy try to go back to sleep . David just lie there . david ( continue ) but why that house ? nancy what ? david I think it 's too close to here . it 's go to feel like the same place . maybe we really do not think about this long enough . nancy we think about it forever . we want more space . that house have more space . david yes , but the point of a house be not just space . you can rent space . maybe we should have move into a completely different neighborhood , a step up or something . maybe we should have get a house with a tennis court . nancy why ? we do not play tennis . david sure we do not play tennis . we do not have a court . when you have a court , you learn . nancy well , possibly some day , we will have a court and then we can learn . david let I ask you one more question ? why do we let bekins do all of we pack ? nancy what ? david be not that a waste of money ? we could have pack ourselves . maybe we be too irresponsible . nancy I do not believe you . one minute you want a tennis court , the next minute you be worried about bekins pack a box ? my God . sometimes I wish we really be irresponsible . david what do that mean ? nancy nothing . look , get some sleep , okay ? you will feel better . david do not assume how I be feel . what do you mean " nothing " ? if you be say we should be more irresponsible , I imagine you mean we be too responsible ? be that right ? nancy well , sometimes I think that we be too control , yes . david oh , I see . well , tell I something ? how do you go out and buy a four-hundred - thousand - dollar house and let a move company pack everything and get maid and servant and live the good life and not be control ? nancy what be you talk about ? david it do not matter what I be talk about . David get up . he take he pillow with he . david ( continue ) I be go to sleep in the garage . nancy do not do that . david why not ? I be responsible . I should be guard the car . nancy you be insane . david ( yell from the kitchen ) you be right . I be insane . I be insane and I be responsible . a very , very good combination . we stay in the bedroom with Nancy . she lie there . her eye be open . she 's stare straight ahead . she look sad . after a moment , David reappear at the door . david I be not a animal . nancy what ? david I be not a animal . I will not sleep in the garage . nancy just come to bed . come on . david ( sit down on the bed ) I apologize , okay ? but do not call I name . nancy what name ? david you know what name . Calling I responsible be say what ? that I be close up . I be old . I be stodgy . that 's not fair . I do not like the way thing be any more than anybody else do but what be I suppose to do ? I be try . what about you ? you be as responsible as I be . personnel director for a department store be not the most irresponsible job in the world . go hire anyone you want . think you would be fire fast if you do that ? how much freedom do you have ? we be all in the same boat . we be try to make something of ourselves and it 's hard . okay ? nancy you be very upset . I be sorry I use that word . david no , I be glad you use that word . it 's honest but thing be go to get better . they be go to change . nancy you always say that . david yes , but this time it 's different . after tomorrow I be no longer a employee , I be a vice President . I will be my own boss . I will have a piece of the company . you see what I mean ? I can be more irresponsible because I will be in a position of responsibility . that make sense , do not it ? nancy I do not know . I guess it do . good night . david okay , go to sleep . Nancy and David both lie down , each face the oppo - site direction . after a few second ... david ( continue ) it do make sense and thing will work out , do not you think so ? no answer . david ( continue ) Nancy ? no answer . david ( continue ) asleep already ? no answer . david ( continue ) maybe man be suppose to fall asleep last . it could be a protective thing . CUT to : 4 int . bathroom - next morning David be brush he tooth . he stop for a minute and look in the mirror . he start talk , pretend - ing the face he 's see be the one of he boss . david what can I say ? I would be a liar if I tell you I be surprised . I do feel it 's deserve but yes , I still be flatter ... that 's very nice . thank you ... oh , stop , please . I have never be good at take too many compliment at once ... well , I feel the same way about you . Nancy walk in during this . she watch he for a bit . nancy ( interrupt he ) what be you do ? david ( catch off guard ) why ? nothing . nancy who be you talk to ? david I be not talk to anybody . what be it ? nancy I be leave now . Mr. taft will be there in twenty minute . please be on time . david wait a second . I can not do this today . I can not choose tile . this be my big day . please ? you do it . nancy we be try to do this together . I think it 's important . david I be very nervous and it 's you kitchen anyway . you will make the right choice . nancy you be in the kitchen more than I be . david but I be not think about anything when I be in the kitchen . I do not really care . nancy we say we would make this decision together . david come on . it 's just today . nancy ( exasperate , turn - ing around and leave ) Fine . david please do not be mad . nancy I be not mad . after a moment , she come back in . nancy ( continue ) good luck . you will get it . you deserve it . Nancy exit . david thank you . and I trust any decision you make . you have great taste . there 's no answer . david ( continue ; call - ing after she ) really , you have great taste . ( turn back around to the mirror ) I be sorry . that be my wife ... yes , she have wonderful taste . she 's go to choose the whole tile thing herself . originally , we be go to do it together but it 's nice to be able to trust someone , do not you think ?... well , that 's very nice . I trust you , too . hey !... when we house be finish maybe you would like to come over and play tennis ... no , but we might put one in . CUT to : 5 ext . wilshire blvd . office build - day we see David pull into the garage . CUT to : 6 int . major advertising agency - day David be walk down the corridor towards he office . he 's say " hello " 's to various people . he come to he own office . there we see he secretary , susan , on the telephone . obviously , she 's make a personal call and she hang up abnormally fast as soon as she see David . david Morning . susan good morning . you meeting be in forty - five minute . david oh my God . what time be it now ? susan ten-thirty . david okay . ( think aloud ) ten-thirty , eleven , eleven - fifteen okay . Susan , do not let any call in . I do not want to be bother . I do not want to do any business . I just want to prepare . David walk into he office . after a beat , he stick he head out . david ( continue ) oh yes . get I Valley mercede , will you ? CUT to : 7 int . robinson's department store we follow Nancy as she 's walk through the department store . she come to she office . her office be on the third floor in the corner with the other business offi - ces . her friend , patty , who work with she , be in the office next door . all office be separate by glass partition . Nancy come in and sit down . Patty see she and enter . patty hi. Nancy look up from she desk . nancy patty be it beautiful ? nancy what ? patty the kitchen . what do it look like ? nancy ( half -heartedly ) I choose a orange tile . patty Orange ? nancy a burnt orange . patty sound pretty . nancy Patty , close the door . Patty close the door and sit down . patty what 's the matter ? nancy I be go to hate this house . patty what be you talk about ? nancy when the contractor leave this morning , I be all alone there and I sit in the middle of the live room and I get so sad . I get this preview of the next ten year , I just start shaking . Patty just stare at she . she know that Nancy be serious . nancy ( continue ) I be so unhappy . I do not like anything anymore . I do not like my job . I do not like my life . I do not like anything . I feel dead . patty what do you mean ? nancy nothing 's change . I be not grow . David 's not grow . we have just stop . life be pass we by . patty listen , you have have a tough week . with the move and everything you be very tired . when you get tired you feel bad . thing seem worse . nancy I be not that tired . do you know I have be hire girl who be nineteen year old , who have already have more experience out of life than I have ? patty you do not know that . you can not tell what a person have experience just by interview they . nancy okay . let 's forget it . I really have not think this through enough . I do not want to discuss it now . let 's get to work . patty no. I be sorry . I do not mean to say the wrong thing . have you talk this over with David ? nancy of course not . that 's the problem . I can not talk anything over with he . it 's hopeless . patty be you think of split up ? nancy well , that 's not my first choice but what 's the alternative ? and I be not blame David . I know he genuinely believe that be make vice President be go to change thing . but he genuinely believe that every promotion would change thing . it never do . maybe for a few day , but that 's it . then thing be always the same . patty well , this be vice president . maybe this time it will change . nancy and what if it will not ? patty then it will not . then you get divorced , I do not know . whatever you have to do . nancy oh , God . maybe it will . patty it will or it will not . nancy okay . I be start to feel sick to my stomach . thanks for talk to I . let 's just say maybe it will . patty ( stand up ) good . because if it will not , it will not anyway so what can you do ? nancy we say we would stop on " will . " patty we do . we have stop . it will . Patty hesitantly back out of Nancy 's office . patty ( continue ) it will . it will work out . Nancy stare straight ahead . she look very depressed . CUT to : 8 int . david' office he be write at he desk talk on the telephone . he 's write down figure . david oh , then tax , license , out - the - door , everything include , what be we talk about ?... thirty - six thousand , five hundred and twelve . Jesus ! for a car ... no I know , a mercede . it 's still a car ... well , I do not care . to I , if it have wheel , it 's a car . but that 's not the point . now , that 's everything , right ? that 's it ? you do not have to pay that money and then be tell that there be option ? no extras , everything include ... come on ! - for thirty - seven thousand , leather be extra ? what kind of seat be in there ?... what be mercede leather ?... so , why do not you just say vinyl ?... okay , thick vinyl , but it 's still vinyl ... okay , this kind of semantic argument be silly . the buzzer ring . david ( continue ) just a moment . ( press the intercom ) yes ? susan it 's eleven ten . david thank you . Susan , I have another one of this mercede guy on the phone , he will not hang up . would you do something with he please ? David hang up . he stand and walk over to a small mirror . he straighten he tie , fix he jacket and carry on one more little conversation with himself as the boss . david ( continue ) what can I say ? I guess , thank you ... oh , no . I can not take you office . this be too nice . where would you sit ?... well , you be a very generous man . he smile and exit he office . 9 int . outer office susan ( still on the phone ) no ! we will call you back . ( she hang up ) what a strange job to be arrogant in . david I know . susan good luck . do not worry , you have get it . david thanks , Susan . we follow David as he round the corner of this large building on the way to Paul Dunn 's office . with each step , he be ready to accept this new responsibility . he stop at he boss 's secretary , margaret , a woman in she older forty , a true executive type . margaret well , you look very nice . david thank you and so do you , Margaret . margaret go on in . david thanks . David enter . CUT to : 10 int . paul dunn' office paul dunn be one of the head of the advertising agency . he certainly hold the top position on the West Coast . his office be large . it smell of success . obviously this be a man who have make a great deal of money and spend it where people can see it . as David enter , he see Paul sit behind he desk and a baldhead gentleman , brad tooley , seat on the couch . Brad tooley be in he early forty , very well - dress in the upper Eastern advertising establishment manner . as David come in , Brad and Paul both get up . paul ( he hand out - stretch ) hello , David . how be you ? david I be fine . I be excited . paul I too . david that 's wonderful . paul David , I would like you to meet Brad tooley . david Brad , it 's a pleasure . David and Brad shake hand . paul Brad have recently join the agency in New York . he be one of the best man at doyle , dane and bernbach . we be lucky to get he . david well , that 's exciting . they all sit down again . David do not know quite what to make of the fact that Brad be in this meeting . he just assume this be part of the ceremony of be make vice president . paul David , I do not have to tell you what I think of you . you know I feel you be one of the most creative people in this company . I be tell Brad earlier the account you have be responsible for . brad very impressive . the Knudsen Orange juice campaign be one of the best I have ever see . ever . david ( he smile ; he 's in he glory ) well , thank you . paul Brad have join this company for a very special reason . David , we be go to get Ford . David , now think of himself as the vice president , realize that Ford be a account of such proportion , that the profit participation could be enormous . his eye widen . david oh , my God ! that 's wonderful ! paul well , it finally put we at the top of the heap . david I be stunne . when do this happen ? paul just in the last few day . you be really the first to know out here . we do not want to say anything until it be final . david that 's wonderful . just wonderful . God , what a week . what a week for all of we . paul it certainly be . now , David ... david ( interrupt ) Paul , you do not have to say anything . as the new vice president , I know what this mean to the company . I be here twenty - four hour a day . paul David , you be too valuable to become vice president . I would like you to move to New York and work under Brad . you two be go to be in charge of Ford . you be go to have to hurry , though . you start in three week . David be not quite sure what he 's just hear . he think maybe he 's hear a compliment . he 's hear a name of a city , a car , some week , but he have not put it together . he need to hear it again . david wait a second . you give I too much information . I be valuable and I be vice president ? paul no , David . I have hire Paul shubano as vice president . david what ? brad he 's give you quite a compliment , David . I ask he for the best man he have and he do not hesitate for a moment . david he do not ? well , I do not want to move to New York . paul what ? david I want to be the vice president . I want to be a stockholder in this company . it be promise to I . I do not mind work on Ford . do not get I wrong . I think it would be a joy to work on but I will work on it as vice president . I have be here eight year , Paul . I do not want to be transfer to just another account . paul this be not " just another " account , David . brad it 's Ford . david Brad , I know it 's Ford . I have own ford , okay ? now , Paul , I feel it 's only fair to keep you promise . paul I do not promise you anything . david wait a minute . what about this lunch that we have be have for the last four year ? I believe we talk about groom I for vice president . phil shubano 's be here only three year . why ? paul well , first of all , quite frankly , he 's not as clever as you . he 's more of a executive type . david oh , great . I think that 's wonderful . so , by be extra clever , I get throw out of the town that I live in , with no promotion , no nothing , and just shift to another account . he , on the other hand , because of he low intelligence and short time with the company stay here , get a large amount of stock and become vice president . well , that make sense ! paul you keep refer to this as " another account . " it 's not . it 's Ford . david why do not you stop say that ? you sound like dinah shore . now , damn it , look , this be not fair . ( stop for a minute ; begin to laugh ) Paul , if I be work myself up and this be a joke , I will kill you . be they go to burst in here and say , " surprise ! " ? goddamnit . you almost have I fool ! paul no one 's burst in here , David . I be offer you something very big . david no one 's burst in here ? paul no . david no? oh God . but , wait a minute , I be vice president , right ? paul no . david yes ! paul no . david stop say no ! just a minute . I can not go to New York . this be my home . my wife and I live here . I just buy a four-hundred thousand dollar house . I be pick tile out at this very moment . what be I go to do ? burn it down ? paul do not worry about that , please ? you will not lose a penny on the house . we will take care of it . I think Ford be more important than a single family dwelling , anyway . we will get you more than you pay for it . the important thing be that you and Brad get along . david I and Brad get along ? be you crazy ? I have work here eight year , for what ? for I and Brad to get along ? I be bear in this city . all my friend be here . I like it . we be joke , be not we ? this be a joke . paul what do you mean , a joke ? david what do you mean , a joke ? paul I do not say a joke . david I be go to New York City ? paul I would like you there in three week . david oh , you would ? paul this can be a step stone to something bigger , David . david what 's bigger than be vice president ? that 's all I want . maybe I be wrong , but I think I have already step on every stone we have here , have not I ? paul well , someday you might be vice president . david someday ? what do you mean ? it 's today . I have get it ! paul you do not have it . david who have it ? paul David , I can not say this again . phil shubano . david well , obviously , I be block this man 's name , be not I ? brad David , I do not know all of you work , but I do know you have get to be the best here or you would not be work with I on this account . david Brad , shut up ! do not talk ! this be my day . Paul , look what you be do . I have be with this company a very , very long time . I be one of the oldest employee on this coast be not I ? now , I must get what I deserve . I will be make vice president and I will get the stock and I will participate in the ownership of the company and that 's that . paul my God , I think you would be thrilled . david you think I would be thrilled ? I can not believe it . why the hell do not you go to New York ? if it 's so thrill , come on , I will take you to the airport . I will put you on a plane right now . paul do not talk to I like that . I come from New York . david yeah , that 's right and you do not want to go back because as soon as you land at the airport , people steal everything you have get . brad I resent that . that 's a clich® . New York 's the great city there be . david sit down . just sit down and shut up . paul David , that 's enough . david no . I have not even start yet . now listen , let 's say a giant mistake be make . pretend none of this be ever say . I be the vice president . everything will be fine . I will stay here . i'11 work on Ford . I will move into my new house . you and Brad can come over for drink . and now , let 's bring out Allen funt and everybody will yell , " surprise , " right ? I be vice president , right ? paul David , the position be fill . david well , then you can go fuck yourself ! brad ( get up ) Paul , I can not work with this man . paul I can not either . David , you be fire . david fire ! how dare you ? I can not believe this ! you want to know something ? I be nervous about come in here today . I say to my friend , " maybe I will not get this . " you know what everyone of they say ? " stop it . you be be stupid . you be the best man . there 's no one else . you be the best man . " and what do the best man do ? he stand next to the groom and watch the groom become vice president ! paul I can see you be upset . I will forget what you say earlier . I do not think you want to jeopardize eight year with this company . david fuck you ! paul that 's it . get out . david I waste my youth for you and for what ? what do you mean jeopardize eight year ? what eight year ? all I do be live for the future . why do not you tell I a long time ago that I be too clever ? you should have tell I five year ago , then I could have go somewhere else . paul I do not know it five year ago . david do not say anything else . I will kill you . paul ( press a buzzer ) get I security , please . david oh , I can not believe it . Security . okay , listen to I . I want my eight year back ! give I my life back ! I want my eight year back ! give they to I ! Paul stare at he . Brad get up . brad I be go back to the hotel . David , you be make a big mistake . david you do not even know I , you baldhead fart ! Brad stare at he and then walk out . he turn back to Paul . david ( continue ) I can not believe that I almost waste my entire life here ! I have be wait very , very patiently and I realize now what would have happen . this would have go on for year and year and year and when I be seventy , I would have get a watch . actually you would not even have give I a watch . you would have tell I I be too clever , that I would instinctively know the time . you know something , Paul ? I make fun of my friend who drop out of college and go to " find themselves . " I tell they they be stupid . I laugh at they . and what do I do ? I go with you . good choice , be not it ? what do I get for do that ? a transfer . I could have get that from a bus . you be a human bus , Jesus Christ ! you liar ! I do not know where that drop-out be today , but I have get to find they ! I owe they a big apology . ' Cause let I tell you something . they have more integrity on they little tab of acid than you have in you entire body , you big fuck jerk ! a security guard enter . paul ( stand up ) would you escort Mr. Howard out , please ? david he do not have to escort I out . I be honore to leave . David open the office door . he begin to yell so everyone can hear he . this be reminiscent of the scene from " Network . " david ( continue ) before I leave , I think it 's very important for everyone in this company to know what go on in here today . I do not know how many lunch you have all have with that man and I do not know what he 's say over salad or dessert or whatever he busy you , but you better not believe it ! he 's a real smoothie ! he will tell you about the step stone ! that 's he favorite expression . he will tell you about the step stone and where they lead . well , I find out where they lead ! to a baldhead fat man in New York ! get out ! get out now ! smell the rose ! smell anything ! just smell ! smell before it 's too late !! the office be applaud wildly . we hold on they for a second . CUT to : 11 beverly hill robinson's dept . store - day David 's car enter the parking lot at high speed . the car screech to a halt . he jump out . CUT to : 12 int . robinson be MAIN floor David walk hurriedly towards the elevator oblivious to the other . CUT to : 13 int . j.w. robinson be - day David be walk towards the personnel office . we have never see he like this before . he 's alive . he 's get more than bounce in he step . it 's as if he weigh 12 pound . he 's on another planet . he 's smile at every - body . he have the look of a " re-born . " as he enter the personnel department , he see Nancy in she office . because Nancy 's office be separate from the other by a thin piece of glass , if you speak too loudly everyone can hear . David be not about to lower he voice . he have no concept anymore of volume . he 's just too excited . David burst in . david Nancy ! Nancy look up . nancy God , you scared I . david Nancy , come here . ( he pull she up by she shoulder ) quit . quit , right now . we be get out . nancy what ? david now. quit . nancy quit ? david now . come on . I do . now , you do it . nancy you do ? you quit you job ? david surprise , be not you ? you would not have believe I . you would have love it . no more I . no more wait . no more responsible David . Jesus , they be lead I down a dead - end street ! I have be on the wrong road . I realize what you mean . I have be too responsible . so responsible , God ! I have be responsibly blind ! nancy I never would have use the word responsible if I think you would have take it so literally . it be just a word . I really do not mean anything by it . david stop . do not do this . do not . I be give you the credit . you do mean it and you be right . I do not know where the hell I have be for the last ten year . what happen to I ? I lose the feel of life . Jesus , I be be jack off . Nancy , they be just jack I off ! David 's voice be a bit loud . we can see people look from other office . nancy honey , shh. ( whisper ) a little lower , please ? david ( whisper ) okay . they be jack I off . ( he voice start to rise again ) they be lead I down this road . you know , this road ? nancy what road ? david the road to nowhere . you know the road . the nowhere Road . I be be tug along with this carrot . " come here . come here . come here . " but no one tell I it be a fuck cul - de-sac ! we have be on the wrong road . nancy who be make vice president ? david ( laugh it off ) oh , Nancy , that 's all over now . that 's kid 's stuff . ( in a childlike voice ) vice President . class Secretary . cloakroom monitor . treasurer . they be all stupid . ( regular voice ) if you really want to know who it be , it be phil shubano . nancy no ! why ? david we will never know . the Lord work in mysterious way , but if there be a God , you know what will happen to phil ? he will get he profit share and he will buy a boat with it and he will crash the boat and die . nancy stop it . you like phil . you do not mean that . david of course I like he , the under - qualified son-of - a-bitch . okay I be harsh . he will crash the boat . he will have a serious injury but he will recover . but forget about phil ! forget about the vice presidency ! that 's the past . Nancy , it 's time to do it . we be still young . we can change course . we can do what we should have do year ago , what we smart friend do . we can get out there . we can get out and see this country . we can find out what it 's about . we can touch Indians . we can live in the mountain . we can do anything we want to do . and we be still young enough to really explore . so come on , let 's go . we be late . I will wait here . go quit . come on . we be leave . nancy I can not just quit right now . david ( look at she with a lust we have not see before ) oh , God , I want to fuck you . come on . let 's fuck , right here . Nancy be try , without success , not to call anymore attention to this particular discussion . nancy ( lower voice ) we can do it later . there 's a lot of people around now . david there 's always go to be people around . that be the problem . we live for they , not for we . it 's okay . there be some people you want to fuck in front of and some people you do not . maybe you do not want to fuck in front of this people , I do not mind . I will be outside . you quit . I will wait ! nancy I can not quit now , even if I want to . there be no one I can quit to . my boss be not here . we will talk more about it tonight , please ? david okay , but we be save . honey , we be save . somebody up there like we . I do not know who it be , but we be go to find they . we will find everybody who like we . we will start find people who understand what life be all about . we will find people who be really search . we will find people who be willing to take a chance . look , I will just get all excited and get into it all again . you go and finish what you have to do and then I will see you tonight . David exit . Nancy watch he go . she 's expressionless . she do not quite know what to make of this . you can sense that part of she think that maybe she prayer be answer , maybe this be how the marriage can be save . you can also sense that part of she be not sure she husband be sane . maybe this will not last more than a hour and you can sense the last part of she be still embarrassed that the other employee she work with have hear word like " fuck " and " jack off . " this be a woman of many part . CUT to : 14 int . the howard be home - live room - night David and Nancy be sit on the floor . they be surround by various map , atlase and cata - logue that show different piece of property around the United States , property that most people forget even exist . this place look amazing in they little picture and , in fact , they might be amazing . it 's just that almost no one ever get there to see they for real . the longer Nancy have a chance to see what she husband be say , the more excited she become . nancy ( look in one of the catalogue ) look at this . this be the cutest farmhouse I have ever see . twenty - four acre near darien , Connecticut , five bedroom , eighty thousand dollar ? how could that be ? david because it 's there . it 's not here . we be use to this city . you know what we new house would cost , if it be where this farmhouse be ? not four hundred thousand , maybe sixty thousand if we be lucky . Nancy be still look at page in the catalogue . she stop at one picture . she be fascinate . nancy my God . look at this . a convert lighthouse in Maine , fifty - five thousand , two bedroom , a live room , a kitchen , a playroom . how do you put this into a lighthouse ? david well , maybe you go to Maine and find out . or you do not . you do anything you want . Nancy , look at this ... he open a piece of paper , show she the arithmetic he have work on all afternoon . david ( continue ) this seem to make sense to I . you tell I what you think . the one good thing about spend all this time in Los Angeles be that we get a free ride on this bullshit inflation train . do not ask I how it happen , but we make a hundred and ninety thousand dollar profit by stay in this house for less than five year . now , that be money we be never go to see ' cause we be about to put it back into another stupid house . okay . we pull out of that house , we lose we fifteen thousand dollar in escrow , we take the money from this house , we liquidate everything else we have , car , stock , bond , everything ... Nancy , we have two hundred thousand dollar ! nancy we could not . david we do . David show she the figure . as Nancy look at the piece of paper , he continue : david ( continue ) all we need to buy be a motor home and we should get a great one because we might live there for the rest of we life , or for five year or ten year or whatever . nancy what do you think a motor home cost ? david guess who go motor home shopping ? we can get a great one for twenty - five thousand dollar . if there 's one thing you can get a deal on it 's a motor home . this be the best time in history to drop out . it 's a buyer 's market ! nancy so that would leave we a hundred and seventy - five thousand dollar . I can not believe it ! david yes ! on that kind of money we could ramble across the country for year ! we can paint , we can explore , we can meet amazing people . nancy and if we get to Connecticut and we like one of this farmhouse , we would have enough money to put a down payment on it , would not we ? david yes ! then if we get sick of that we could sell it and move on . nancy I would like to go to Alaska . david great ! Alaska 's great ! we can do anything we want . nancy this be what we talk about when we be nineteen ! david yes . we talk about find ourselves but we laugh it off because we have no money . now we can do it in comfort . we have get we nest egg . this be a dream come true . Nancy have a tear in she eye . David see it . david ( continue ) what 's wrong ? be you okay ? nancy we really can do whatever we want to , can not we ? david who 's stop we ? Nancy stare . she think about that question . she can not come up with a answer . finally , almost in tear . nancy nobody 's stop we ! CUT to : 15 int . pete hirsch be home - night pete hirsch be one of David 's former associate at the agency . he and he wife be throw a party for David and Nancy , a final farewell gather . there be people milling about , talk , general good cheer . David and Nancy be the heroes of the evening . in the corner of the room be a huge cake . the camera move about , picking up various bit of conversation . patty you look very happy . you look so good . I be happy for you . nancy I know you be . she give Patty a hug . a older , dignify - look man , jack martin and he wife , carol , approach Nancy . obvi - ously , he 's a executive at Robinson 's . jack martin well , well . nancy I do not know you be go to come . jack martin ( he give she a paternal hug ) one employee we be certainly go to miss . carol ( to Nancy ) I think it sound wonderful . CUT to : 16 int . other side of the room a group of man be gather around David . one of David 's friend at work , jim , be speak : jim you be great . man , it be great . it be like " Network " and " take this job and shove it , " all roll into one . when you leave , we all want to go with you . really . people really have to think for a minute . they be ready to leave . david do anyone else leave ? jim no . I mean after a few minute , people just go back to work but for the moment , it be real exciting . david well , when the time 's right , if people want to leave , they will . jim of course . I believe that . I get to be honest with you , though . I be think about my situation and I do not think I have the gut . david I do not know that it 's gut . it just take a certain kind of person . jim yeah , maybe it have nothing to do with gut . ' Cause I think I have gut . I guess I be not that kind of person . let 's say that I like expensive thing and I guess I need my job to get what I like . david whatever make you happy . jim right . I guess expensive thing make I happy . this shoe make I happy . do you like they ? he show David he shoe . they look very expensive . for a moment , David forget he will no longer partic - — ipate in this world . david beauties . what be they ? bally 's ? jim a bally copy . bally 's would be three hundred buck . this be a hundred and eighty . can not tell the difference . the sole 's just as thick . look , feel the sole . david ( start to touch the bottom of he shoe and then stop ) no , I do not know where you have be , Jim . I do not want to touch you shoe . they be beautiful . good thick sole . Nancy call across the room to David . nancy honey ? David walk over and recognize one of she boss , Martin . david hello , Jack . how be you ? jack Daniel boone , as I live and breathe . Dan , you know my wife , Carol . david ( shake hand ) hi , Carol . jack so , Mr. boone , you leave in the morning , uh ? david let 's call I David from now on . just for old time sake . Jack jack oh , come on , I be just play with you . listen , I will tell you something . what you and you wife be do , well , it 's wonderful . Carol and I be drive over here tonight , and talk seriously about break the mold ourselves . david really ? jack you bet . we have not be that happy lately . have we , honey ? how can a person respond to this ? Carol just stare at he . jack ( continue ) I tell she , if I can get some time off , we be go to try to get down to La costa for a weekend and just let it all out . David now realize that break the " mold " have many different meaning to different people . david La costa ? for a whole weekend , huh ? that 's great . jack that 's if I can get away . if not , at least for a afternoon . just the idea of get to San Diego , maybe take in Sea World . anyway , do Nancy tell you what Robinson 's plan to do ? david actually we have not talk too much about american business lately . jack well , there be a rumor and I would appreciate you not tell anyone this , but we store may just be buy up the May company . this be just the kind of expansion that can make a man like I very , very wealthy . david well , if it 's good for you , I be real happy . jack well , let 's just say it could make I a million dollar , minimum . but , David , please keep this down . God , I probably should not have say anything . david Jack , we be not go to be around people who will care . I promise you . I do not think a guide at the Grand Canyon know or care too much about the acquisition of a department store in l.a . jack you want a surprise ? you want to know about the Grand Canyon and business ? the 7 - eleven at the Grand Canyon do more volume business per year than any other 7 - eleven in the country , especially around muscular dystrophy time . david well , that 's good to know . jack I think it have something to do with the hike and the tragedy of the child who can not hike . I do not know , but last year they do two million , eight -hundre thousand . now , of course , there be no other quickie store around so they have a good one there . a lot of people move in and out of that canyon . have you see this new u- tote - m store ? david Jack , I do not want to be rude but I can not talk business anymore . I hate to sound " sixty " to you but I be in a different place . jack hey , I understand . I remember the sixty . as a matter of fact , the concept of U - tote - m be a sixty concept . see , the 7 - eleven be a rush-rush place . u- tote - m be lay-back . they store in tarzana this year be go to gross almost ... david ( interrupt ) Jack , please ? Pete Hirsch yell from across the room . pete I would like to make a toast . people mumble , " great . " " good . " " it 's about time . " everybody gather around . people raise they glass up . pete ( continue ) to we beautiful friend , David and Nancy Howard ... good luck ! he drink . david that 's it , huh ? what a well think out toast . thank you , Pete . people laugh . scatter laughter around the room . david ( continue ) well , I think it 's time for I to say something right now . we hear a little applause . " speech ! speech ! " david ( continue ; call Nancy over ) sweetheart , would you come here ? David and Nancy stand together , arm -in - arm . david ( continue ) I have a surprise for my wife and I would like to share it , not only with she , but with you , who we consider we close friend . we do have some other close friend . I be sure they get lose . people laugh . david ( continue ) when Nancy and I be marry we have dream and plan and I guess in the pursuit of that thing , we kind of lose each other . tomorrow morning , when we leave here , we have no destination . we only goal be to find out who we really be and what it be that 's really out there . we be go to be adventurer in the classic sense of the word , but there be one place that we will stop at first . ( reach into he pocket and take out a little box ) that place be Las Vegas , nevada . nancy ( she eye open up wide ; excited ) Las Vegas ? really ? david well , if this be to be a new beginning , I think there 's only one way to really show it to this woman that I love . so , tomorrow evening my wife and I be go to be remarry . people applaud . Nancy be overwhelm . she open the little box and there be a ruby ring . nancy oh , my God ! oh ! my ! people be try to get a glance at the ring . we can hear oohing and aahing . nancy ( continue ) this be the most beautiful thing you have ever do . david well , I would like to say it be nothing , but that small little ruby cost a fortune . people laugh . david ( continue ) that 's okay , it 's budget for . a little laughter again . david ( continue ) and now , I would like to propose a toast . everyone raise they glass . david ( continue ) to you , we loyal friend , we will miss you . to my lovely new bride , I want to know you all over again ... and to America , get ready . here we come ! everybody drink . as they do we ... CUT to : 17 ext . san bernardino freeway - next day we hear music ( possibly the song from " easy Rider " when Dennis Hopper and Peter fonda leave L.A. on they motor - cycle ) . this be the first time we see the motor home . no expense be spare on this . it 's seventy foot long . from the outside , you can see a roof that double as a little patio where you can sun yourself . the window be huge . it look luxurious , even from a distance . CUT to : 18 int . motor home David be drive . Nancy be in the back in the kitchen area . david honey , we be two minute from crossing the city limit . come up front . this be historic . nancy ( from the rear of the trailer ) just a second ! this microwave oven brown , do you know that ? the one in we new house could not even do that . david we new house ? no , some poor sucker 's new house . this be we new house and I love it . Nancy walk up towards the front with two melt cheese sandwich . no matter how horrible the sandwich look or taste , to David , it would be great . that 's he new attitude . david ( continue ) Boy , do this smell good . how long do it take to melt this ? nancy twenty second . david can you believe it ? Boy ! I never really taste melt cheese on toast before . I must have eat it a million time , but this be the first time I have really taste it . it 's good and I bet it get better the further we get from l.a . nancy we will actually be breathe clean air . we have not do that for -- how many year ? david forever . I hope we can recognize it . Nancy smile . this be certainly the best mood she 's be in for a long time . nancy last night be so nice , do not you think ? that be good people . we have good friend there . david I know . it 's just that we be not good friend there . nancy every once in a while I can not believe what we be do . be you scared ? be honest . david no , not at all . well , let 's say I be scared in the same way Columbus be scared . nancy Columbus must have really be scared , huh ? that take a lot of gut , do not it ? what if the world be flat ? they really do not know anything . david well , I think he cover himself . nancy how ? david oh , let 's say there be the pinta , the Nina and the Santa Maria . I would bet everything I have that Columbus be in the Santa Maria . if the world be flat , I think he would watch the pinta and the Nina go . then he would tell the Santa Maria to turn around . he would probably just go back and have sex with the Queen again . I do not think he be a complete schmuck . nancy so , actually , we be brave than Columbus . we do not have two motor home in front of we . david that 's right . however , we should keep we eye on that buick ahead . if it fall off the earth , it would be wise to pull over and be - evaluate . CUT to : 19 ext . las vega - night time the town be all light up . the motor home pull up in front of a 24 - hour wedding chapel . David stop . he stare at the chapel through the window . 20 int . motor home - night david do not it look beautiful ? I be excited . ( open the door and start to get out ) let I find out what we do . I will get all the information . nancy wait a second . david what ? nancy be not you tired ? david I be excited . nancy you know what we should do ? we should get marry tomorrow . david why ? we should get marry now and then drive out to the Grand Canyon and have we second honeymoon under the star . what could be better than that ? nancy well , here 's what I would like to do . I would like to get marry in the morning . we be try to start a new life . we should do it at the beginning of a new day . we will both be fresh . we will be up . we can get marry at the crack of dawn . david that sound nice . alright . we will camp out some place tonight and then come back before dawn . as a matter - of - fact , this place will be less crowded then . good idea . Nancy , you be a genius . he start the engine . nancy be we sure we want to camp out tonight ? david 21 what ? nancy why do not we make tonight a real old - fashioned honeymoon ? let 's go to the best hotel and get the honeymoon suite and celebrate we head off . david sweetheart , we do not want to stay in a Vegas hotel . this be what we have leave , this money - grab , horrible society . nancy I agree , but one night ? we will have room service and make love in a big bed and watch porno movie . I think it will be fun . david we want to touch Indians . nancy we will . just tonight and then that 's it . do not you want to take a bath together in one of that big tub ? david well , okay . nancy if you really do not want to , we do not have to . we can camp out . david no , it 's okay . as a matter - of - fact , it might be very exciting . we have not be in a bath together for a long time . CUT to : ext . desert inn - night David pull the motor home into the parking lot and turn over the key to the young parking attendant . 22 int . lobby of desert inn David and Nancy be come through the main door . we can see the motor home be drive out of the drive - way by one of the valet parking attendant . David look behind he and watch the home drive off . he 's nervous . david I do not think they know how to drive that thing . he could ruin it . nancy ( all excited ) oh , do not worry . they can drive anything . look . be not this wonderful ? it 's so romantic . God , I use to come here a lot . I kind of miss it . david you never tell I you come here . when ? nancy before we be marry . I will tell you about it later . come on . they approach the front desk . a clerk be work at one of the reservation computer . clerk Excuse I ? david my wife and I have drop out of society and we be make this statement , but we want to spend one last night here . we be plan to get up at the crack of dawn and get remarry and ... nancy ( interrupt David , she whisper to he ) just ask he for the room . david ( whisper back ) I be get to it . I know what I be do . ( to the clerk ) anyway , we be go to get up very early and get remarry so we want something very special because we be do something special . my point be , we would like you finest bridal suite . clerk do you have a reservation ? david no , I tell you , we just drop out . we do not do reservation thing anymore . we be live spontaneously . clerk well , we be not . we thrive on reservation and I be sorry but the bridal suite be occupy . david what other room do you have ? nancy ( to the clerk ) just a minute , please ? ( she pull David aside , whisper ) the bridal suite be not occupy . david what ? nancy it 's not occupy . I can see it in he face . david what do you mean ? nancy give he money . david what ? nancy give he fifty buck . david why ? nancy we will get the bridal suite . david how do you know ? nancy trust I . David approach the desk again . he take out fifty dollar . he put it in the clerk 's hand , like he 's shaking hand with he . david hello , again . ( slip he the fifty ) do I a favor ? I have work with computer . I know what can happen . sometimes this thing get foule up . would you check one more time ? maybe the bridal suite be empty and the room next to it be occupy and the computer get mix up . clerk ( take a look ) I know what you mean . that can happen sometimes . let I check . ( he look at the reservation com - puter for a moment ) nope . it 's occupy . this be state - of - the- art computer . very rarely do we have that kind of mistake . david you be sure ? clerk yes . say right here , " bridal suite full . " Nancy lean over and whisper to David . nancy give he more . david jesus. really ? Nancy nod yes . David turn back to the clerk . david ( continue ) listen , I be not very good at this . I do not get good seat in show because of this problem . I do not get good table in restaurant . I have really never be good at this particular kind of exchange of money so , how much do you want ? clerk a hundred dollar . david Fine . ( hand he more cash ) here you go . a hundred . now , I assume we do not have to continue this computer talk again and say that it 's work now and everything ? the clerk do not even bother to answer . he reach behind the desk and hand David he key . clerk here you be , eight -twenty . he ring for the porter . david now , this be the best bridal suite ? clerk heart-shaped bed . everything . you will love it . david thank you very much . I be sure the hundred do not apply towards the room at all . clerk you be kid , right ? david of course . I be kid all along . David and Nancy leave the desk and walk towards the elevator . david ( continue ) tell I we do not do the right thing , get out of this horrible society ? Jesus Christ , I tell the guy we drop out . do that make any difference ? no . I say we be make a statement . what do he do ? stare at I . I say we be get remarry . what do he finally say ? give I more money . God ! how do a guy like that even live ? nancy well , think of all the people check in here . everyone give he a hundred dollar , he probably life well . david no , I mean with himself . how do he ... never mind . CUT to : 23 int . bedroom suite - desert inn David and Nancy enter . apparently , the hundred dollar be not quite enough . this could not be Desert Inn 's best bridal suite . this look like the junior bridal suite , at best . at one end of the room be two twin heart - shape bed . above they , there 's a mirror , heavily - flock with gold speck . the rest of the room be decorate in standard red velour . Nancy be disappointed . David be confuse . he can not figure out how any manufacturer could make a live turn out twin heart - shape bed . porter I will go down and get you luggage for you . where be it ? david that 's okay . it 's lock in we house . I will get it later . thank you very much . David reach into he pocket and give the man a dollar . david ( continue ) I have not be here in year . I hope this be enough . if it be not , take some from the clerk . I give he a hundred . the porter look at David and walk out without say a word . nancy so ? what do you think ? david I think if liberace have child , this would be they room . cute little heart , be not they ? nancy we should ask for a bigger bed . david let 's hold onto the cash we have . I do not want any more favor . we can try and push this together . they try but they find very quickly that heart do not fit together . after a few attempt , they give up . david ( continue ) look , we can crawl over the ventricle when we want to have sex . it will be exciting . why do not you order something up , okay ? order up a great meal and some great champagne . I will go run the bath . David walk into the bathroom . Nancy sit down on the bed . she pick up the room service menu and start to read through it . she call to David . nancy how 's the bath ? david ( walk out of the bathroom ) there 's no bath in there , honey . nancy come on . david I have no reason to lie to you . go look for yourself . there 's a very teeny , heart - shape shower and a medium size , heart - shape sink . at best , we can wash we sock together . nancy be you disappointed ? david not at all . nancy maybe we should not order room service . we should get dress and go down and check out some of this restaurant . hey , do you want to see a show ? david I do not want to leave the room . I just want to be with you tonight , here . it 's we honeymoon . we should order up like we plan and then we can figure out a way to make love . somewhere in this room , there have to be space . nancy okay . ( get up and walk toward the bath - room ) I be go in to take a nice hot shower , okay ? david good . you get nice and sexy because when you come out , we will pack and leave . nancy come on . we be go to have fun . david I be joke with you . now , hurry up , I be get horny . when you come out , I will be the naked one on the right heart . I might even be look at myself in the mirror and masturbate . although , I do not think I can see myself through all this gold flock . CUT to : shot of alarm clock it 's ringing . the time be five - thirty a.m . as we pull back we see David reach over and shutting it he roll over towards the other heart bed . david rise and shine , my darling wife . ( sing to the tune of " my Fair Lady " ) we be get marry this morning . we be ... he stop sing . she do not seem to be in the other bed . the room 's still a little dark . maybe David be not see clearly yet . he 's patting all over the bed . david ( continue ) Nancy ? honey ? he realize she 's not there . he get up and walk towards the bathroom . david ( continue ) honey ? be you in there ? Nancy ? there 's no answer . obviously , she 's not in the bathroom . possibly , she 's go down the hall to get ice . he open the door and call down the hall . david ( continue ) honey ? Nancy ? be you at the ice machine ? he go back into the room . he pick up the phone . a woman' voice answer . woman' voice May I help you ? david yes . I would like to page Nancy Howard , please . woman' voice and where would she be ? do you have any idea ? david probably in the coffee shop . David sit and wait . after a short pause : man' voice hello ? david hi , honey . have a sex change , huh ? ( laugh at he joke ) I think you pick up the wrong phone . I be paging my wife . man you be marry to Nancy Howard ? david yes . man why do not you come down to the casino ? david why ? be there something wrong ? man you wife have be gambling for quite some time and possibly , you should speak with she . david what do I have to say to she ? be she win ? man why do not you just come downstairs ? david ( hang up the phone ) oh my God ! CUT to : 25 int . desert inn casino David come tear into the casino . he be still in he bathrobe . a security guard stop he . guard I be sorry , you can not come into the casino dress like that . david what be you , crazy ? I see electric horseman . animal ride through here . Excuse I . he push past the Guard . he look frantically around try to find Nancy . at this hour of the morning , it 's easy to spot people . there be not too many of they . he see she . she 's off in the corner at the roulette table . there 's a small group of people around she . they seem to be watch , she seem to be gambling . David walk as fast as he can . he do not want to run , he robe might open up . as he approach Nancy , he be frighten by what he see . she be a maniac . she have be up for hour . the transformation be scary . it 's like jekyll and hyde . she 's frantically move chip all around the table . david ( continue ) honey ? what be you do ? nancy ( to the Dealer ) eight ! Big chip ! david honey ? nancy not now . get away . not now . david what 's go on ? nancy stop it . come on , eight ! come on , eight ! the dealer spin the wheel . the ball drop into the number sixteen slot . dealer sixteen . nancy ( shriek ) shit ! david honey , calm down . sweetheart ? the man who speak to David on the telephone approach he at the table . man could I speak to you for a moment ? david what be it ? the man take David aside . man you wife be very distraught . she 's be gambling almost five hour and she have not be on a lucky streak . now , it 's not we place to stop she , but possibly , you should . david what do you mean she 's not be on a lucky streak ? she 's lose ? man well , why do not you talk to she ? David run back to the table . david honey , I want to talk to you . nancy get away ! ( to the Dealer ) once again ! give I eight ! the Dealer spin the wheel . the ball go around and around . nancy ( continue ) come on , baby . come on , lucky baby . baby , baby . baby , baby . dealer eight it be . nancy ( jump up , excited as can be ) yes ! great ! david ( now a little excited himself ) hey , that be great . you be a winner . ( to Dealer ) how much be that ? how much do she win ? dealer sixty dollar . david alright . nothing wrong with that . what 's wrong with that ? now , what do this man mean who say you be not on a lucky streak ? nancy I be down earlier . just go away . david but you be up now , right ? nancy I be still down . ( to Dealer ) eight again ! and make it happen for I ! David turn to the man who speak to he on the phone . the man be stand at a distance watch what 's happen with a slight look of pity on he face . david ( walk over to he ) Boy , she keep betting eight , huh ? how down be she exactly ? man oh , she 's very , very down . I do not know how much money you have , but on the average I would say this be what we call " very down . " david what do you mean ? a thousand ? at this moment , we hear a groan from the roulette table . the ball have drop into double zero . David run back over . he see the Dealer take the chip off of eight . nancy dammit ! that keep come up , that zero . Jesus Christ ! now , once again , eight ! come back eight ! come back , eight ! david just a minute . Nancy , stop . nancy please , David ! please ! you be bring I bad luck . david well , accord to some people here , I be not bring anything . you be already have bad luck . nancy it 's change ! now come on , eight ! eight 's my mate ! take the bait , number eight . the Dealer spin the ball . it drop into the number four . dealer four . nancy see what you do ? bad luck ! get away , please . david this man over here say you be very down . what do he mean ? nancy fuck the man ! I do not know who you be talk about . ( to Dealer ) try it again ! eight ! david Nancy , stop betting eight . there 's hundred of number on this table . why the hell do you keep betting eight ? now , how much have we lose ? nancy everything . come on , eight . david what do you mean everything ? do you say everything ? at this moment , the ball fall into number nine . the Dealer take the last of Nancy 's chip . nancy goddammit ! son-of-a-bitch ! you can not get any closer to eight than nine . david ( beginning to take charge ) come over here . come with I . he drag Nancy away from the roulette table . she turn around . she 's yell at the Dealer . nancy eight again ! one more time ! david there 's nothing on the board . you be not at the table . you have not place a bet . stop yell eight . he do not care anymore . nancy I gotta find some money . please . I be about to hit . david no , you be about to get hit . come on . we have some serious talk to do . David start to pull Nancy out of the casino . he pass by a one - dollar progressive slot machine with Nancy in tow as bell start to ring and light flash . a older woman have hit the jackpot and start to scream . woman I win !! I win !! nancy look . she win ... I want to play ! david it 's too late . you choose the table . let 's get out of here . CUT to : 26 int . coffee shop they sit down at one of the table . David look a little worried . Nancy be still frantic . she 's mix up . she 's also look around for a keno girl . she 's obviously in some sort of a daze . david okay , talk . what 's go on ? nancy at two - thirty this morning , I be up three hundred thousand dollar . david Three hundred thousand dollar ? that 's a lot of money ! nancy more chip than you have ever see in you life . you would not have believe it . they be all over the place . david but when I come downstairs they be all go . you do not have any . nancy yes , but I can get they back . david let 's wait on that for just a second . so , everything be go and I be try to figure out the word " everything . " we have a little bit of cash with we and you lose that ? nancy yes . david so , what do you do ? you get more cash ? nancy yes . david so , you write a check then ? nancy yes . david you start draw cash from we nest egg ? nancy yes . yes . david how much of the nest egg do you take ? what 's leave ? nancy nothing . david oh , my God . by " everything " you mean " nothing . " nancy yes . david you do not lose a hundred and eighty thousand dollar ? nancy maybe . I do not know . give or take a thousand . david give or take a thousand ? give or take a thousand ? David be hold on to one of he testicles so as not to kill this woman . this be the first time in he life , where he truly can not comprehend what he have hear . david ( continue ) oh my God ! oh my God ! I understand what we mean now . I understand what we all mean . oh my God ! my God ! my God ! David put he hand to he forehead . he look around . he 's think . something must be do . something must be do quickly . david ( continue ) oh my God ! alright . let 's not panic . David think of something . he stand up from the table and yell as loud as he can . david ( continue ) bellhop , please . bellhop , in here , please . there 's a emergency ! he sit down , he 's rub he head . nancy what 's the matter ? david nothing . just wait . oh my God ! nancy sweetheart , there be this Persians around I , stare at all this chip that be on the table and I have never have that feel before , the feel that I be completely in control . I be the one . I do not need anything . I do not care . I do not have any problem . do you know that feel ? david not now . I do not know that feel now , no . the bellhop approach . bellhop yes , sir ? david first of all , I be speak to a gentleman in the casino who seem to be in charge there . he 's what ? bellhop the pit boss ? david yes . what 's he name ? bellhop Mr. shuster . david Fine . do he have a office ? bellhop yes , it 's behind the front desk . david fine. alright . now would you please do I a favor ? my wife be tired and would you escort she to 820 . ( hand the bellhop he room key ) would you please sit with she , maybe she will want to take a shower or whatever , and just do not leave the room . I will be up in a little while . but please do not leave . I do not want she to be alone right now . nancy why be you treat I like a animal ? david I will explain it to you later . they all get up . they exit the coffee shop . 27 int . lobby outside coffee shop david ( speak to Nancy as if she have just have a nervous breakdown ) just relax . lie down , if you want . have some water . I will be up ina few minute . nancy stop talk to I this way . david I be not talk to you in any particular way . I be just try to keep everything calm and I be try to remain calm . I be also try to think what I can do to help we out now . ( to the bellhop ) the man 's name again ? the pit boss ? bellhop shuster . david thank you . they be now at the elevator . nancy David , I be sorry . david save it . just go upstairs . he leave she at the elevator . 28 int . lobby David walk very slowly towards shuster 's office . you can tell he 's think . he approach the front desk and clear he throat , try to act dignify . the robe diminish this a bit . david ( to the clerk ) Mr. shuster , the pit boss , may I speak to he , please ? clerk I do not know if he 's in . just a moment . the clerk pick up the phone . he buzze . clerk ( continue ) yes . there 's a gentleman here to see you . ( to David ) what be you name ? david I be David Howard . he know I , we speak on the telephone . my wife be the one who be up for hour . clerk ( into phone ) David Howard . yes . yes. ( hang up phone ) he will be right out . David stand there . he 's think , stare straight ahead . out of a office emerge jack shuster , the pit boss , the man we see earlier . shuster 's a large man , in he early fifty . he 's as intimidating as he job call for . he look like he might have kill somebody once , and actually enjoy it . he walk over to David . shuster Mr. Howard ? come on in . CUT to : 29 int . shuster' office David try to compose himself even more as he follow shuster into he office . David 's story be now form . he know what he want to say . he feel confident . David enter the office . he sit down in front of shuster 's desk . david first of all , let I say , I have hear a great deal about you . shuster ( suspicious ) what do you mean ? from who ? what do you hear ? david oh , I just mean I have hear wonderful thing from everybody in general , from the whole hotel . shuster ( relieved ) well , that 's very nice . thank you . david no , thank you . shuster be you wife feel better ? david yes , she be . shuster so , what can I do for you ? david I have a very interesting idea . I think you will be take by it . shuster stare at he . david ( continue ) I be a key executive with a major advertising agency - one of the biggest in the world . shuster yes , right . so ? david well , I be the idea man there . so , when I say I have a interesting idea , I be not speak like any slob that walk in off the street . shuster okay . david ( clear he throat , about to enter into the Big Story ) my wife and I , we drop out of society . she have a very important position in a department store and again , I remind you that I be one of the high executive in the world 's large advertising firm . shuster just stare at he . david ( continue ) anyway , we be go to find ourselves . then , we think , maybe we be too old , it 's too late . we can not find ourselves , that 's only for kid . and then we think about it some more and it hit we . wait a minute . who 's to say at what age you stop be a kid ? shuster you gotta have some age . how else could a court separate rape from fun ? in this state , it 's eighteen , by the way . david yes . but my point be we want to find ourselves and we do and we drop out , just like they do in " easy Rider . " shuster easy what ? david the movie , " easy Rider . " famous movie . important movie . shuster do not see that , I be sorry . david it 's a classic . if it come on cable here , see it . anyway , we do something that no one have do for a long time . maybe no one have ever do it because in the movie they be movie star , so they do not really do it , even though they portray people that do it . shuster I be get mix up here . what be you point ? david well , we do it for real . we quit we job and we sell everything that we have . the only thing we own be we little motor home , which be park outside . that 's all we have get and we be go to spend year roam around this beautiful country , but we know we could not do it unless we have we little nest egg tuck away in the bank . shuster ( interrupt ) I be go off duty in a few minute . now , you point be what ? david I be get to it . why do we come to Las Vegas ? because it be a new beginning and I want to remarry my lovely wife . that 's nice , do not you think ? shuster very nice . david I want to get remarry but I want to spend we honeymoon in the Grand Canyon , place like we intend to spend the rest of we life in , but my wife be very fond of you hotel and all of the employee and she say , " oh , come on , let 's spend we honeymoon here . " and we do and the room be very lovely and everybody be very nice to we , but my wife lose the nest egg . shuster Mr. Howard , stop right here . I think I know what you be get at . I realize you have lose a great deal here and I want you to know that you room and you meal be comp . david that 's very nice but that 's not exactly what I be say . I think I have a multi-million dollar idea . now , you have to be very secretive about what I be go to tell you because the other hotel , if they hear about it , well , they will grab it in a minute . David lean over shuster 's desk and whisper to make the idea really sound secretive : david ( continue ) I think , as a experiment , you give we back the money we lose . shuster I beg you pardon ? david well , imagine the publicity ? I mean , the Hilton , for example , they have billboard all over L.A. where they put the face of the winner of that slot machine . now , that people win a couple hundred thousand dollar , but the hotel be get million of dollar of publicity with that billboard because people drive by and say , " gee , the Hilton look like a nice place . look at that smile people . " so , what about a billboard with my wife and I on it and we would be smile and there would be a say , something like , " this people drop out of society , they could not take it any longer , but they make a mistake . they lose they nest egg at the Desert Inn , but the Desert Inn give it back . " and maybe there could be some kind of a visual with you hand we a egg or something . now I mean , I be just formulate this now , as I be talk , but you can imagine , when it 's work out how effective it could be . shuster ( chuckle ) that 's wonderful . ( he get up ) well , Mr. Howard , nice to meet you . david what do you mean nice to meet I ? you say this be wonderful . shuster we be kid each other here , right ? ( start to laugh again ) I gotta tell you , this be one of the best thing I have ever hear . what 's the board gonna say again ? " gambler , come and get you money back . " ( he laugh ) great . that 's great . david ( stand up ) no. no. wait ... not " gambler , get you money back . " that 's wrong . we be not gambler . we be the few people in society that have try to do something with we life . see ? we be drop - out . we be find ourselves . someone 's get to help the few people like we , because if they do not , nobody will ever drop out again . nobody will ever have the courage to find themselves . shuster well , I understand what you mean , but I do not think the Desert Inn can help find you . I be sorry , but thank you for the idea and good night . he begin to escort David to the door . david ( stop he ) listen , I have experience this before . I have have client that do not understand the idea until they see it on television and then they say , " my God ! what a brilliant idea ! why do not I understand this ? " I might have use the wrong phrase . okay picture this : maybe , my wife and I will do a television commercial for you and there could be a jingle and it could go : ( begin to sing ) " the Desert Inn have heart ! the Desert Inn have heart ! the Desert Inn have heart ! " something like that . see what I mean ? shuster that 's a nice jingle . Mr. Howard , let 's assume you be serious here . what if this catch on ? could you imagine what would happen ? why , we would have to return everybody 's loss . the casino would just crumble . we could not pay we bill . you know the casino account for a great deal of we profit . david I understand . of course , you do not pay back everybody 's loss . you make a distinct division between the bold , who be out there search , and all the other schmuck , who come here to see Wayne Newton . shuster I see . now , I like Wayne Newton . so , I fall into what category ? david ( realize this be not the best example ) oh , look , I pick a name out of a hat . I like Wayne Newton , too . I be say a schmuck , represent the gambler and a bold person , represent I and my wife and the one or two other that probably would not come here anyway . you would not have to do this more than once or twice , there 's not too many bold people around . I think it be a mistake to use entertainer as the divide line . we could find another system . anyway , what do you say ? we do need that nest egg back . shuster I say good luck to you and stay away from the table next time . david oh , that 's for sure , but come on ? half the money , for courage ? shuster open up he office door . he escort David out . 30 int . lobby at front desk shuster Mr. Howard , nice to meet you . a pleasure . david hold it . what about " Miracle on 34th Street ? " shuster Christmas picture , right ? david ( now rambling on very fast , desperate , rea - lizing he plan be about to fail ) more than a Christmas picture . what happen there ? macy 's do not want to send they customer to gimble 's because the president of macy 's think they would lose all of they customer and lose a tremendous amount of money and it would be take wrong . but it be not take wrong . what happen ? macy 's do much better than they ever do before . and that 's what would happen to you . the Desert Inn would do much , much better because you would get gimble 's business and the casino would be full . shuster well , I be not too familiar with that picture but do not macy 's have Santa Claus to help they out ? ( he start to laugh ) I mean , if they do not have santy Claus there , they might have do very badly . he continue to laugh . David now start to laugh along with he , except David 's laugh have a pitiful ring to it . he sense this be not go to work . david yes . I guess they do have santy Claus . well , thank you . thank you . and just so I understand , we can t get any of we money back , right ? shuster well , not today , no . but if the policy ever change , we will write you . ( still chuckle as he go back into he office ) that 's wonderful . very good . he close the door . the desk clerk , who have just see shuster laugh , turn to David , who be stand there look as bad as he 's ever look . clerk I think he like you . he rarely laugh at anything . David just nod a sickly " thank you . " CUT to : 31 ext . motor home - day David and Nancy be drive . they be well outside of Las Vegas . Nancy be stare out of the window . David be drive in silence . obviously , they have be drive for a great deal of time without say anything . Nancy finally break the silence . 32 int . motor home nancy I can not take this . say something . yell at I . hit I . drive off the road . do anything . just stop be so silent . david I have nothing to say . nancy I can not keep apologize . I be sorry . I be sorry . I be sorry . I feel horrible . I would do anything to change it . David say nothing . he just clear he throat . nancy ( continue ) you be go to make yourself sick . it 's unnatural . I understand . if I be you , I would be furious . do not hold it in . go ahead . david ( look at she ) I be fine . more silent drive . Nancy be desperately uncomfort - able . obviously , David be not fine . how could he be ? he 's see ten year of earning dissipate in less than three hour and he do not participate in any of the dissipation . after a while , Nancy try a new approach . nancy obviously , I can not apologize anymore for what I do so we should talk about what we be go to do . david and what would that be ? nancy well , we dream be still the same . we just do not have any money . David clear he throat again . nancy ( continue ) and , also , we should stop say we do not have any money . we do have some . david ( very patiently ) we have eight hundred and two dollar . nancy that 's something . david it be something . yes . nancy well , look , I think we should try to make the rest of the day as pleasant as we can . since we be head towards Hoover dam anyway , we should make that we destination for today . we can go there , look around , maybe have a picnic or something , and maybe just see the dam and just have a nice day outside . what do you think ? david ( stare straight ahead , speak in a monotone ) be that what you would like ? nancy maybe it would be fun . david ( still stare , still speak in a monotone ) fine. Hoover dam . CUT to : 33 ext . hoover dam - day there be people walk around , tour go on and child play . the motor home pull up . they park . Nancy get out with a bounce in she step , hope David might copy she . David get out like frankenstein , walk very slowly , with no expression . nancy look at this ! come here . God ! just think . Men build this ! david ( still with no expression ) yes . Men do build this . nancy what about something to eat ? hungry ? david no . nancy I be starve . david I do not think you can eat now . nancy why ? david because with the little bit of money that we have leave , I think we have to sit down and make up a new budget . until we do , maybe we should not spend it all on cotton candy and other various knickknack here at the dam . Nancy be beginning to get irritate and frustrated that he will not talk to she like a adult . nancy well , if that 's you attitude , I think you should give I half the money and let I eat whatever I want and you can do what you want with you half . I think that 's the fair thing . people david ( the release of he anger now begin ) the fair thing ? the fair thing ? that 's it ! you be right . I have be control ! Boy , have I be control ! I guess any doctor could have spot it . I be about to die , I be so control . you take all the money we have ! can hear this echoing for mile around . david ( continue ; now yell ) you take we nest egg and you break it up ! you get yoke all over the casino ! you get the white all over the coffee shop ! you throw the shell in the parking lot ! Fair ? Fair ?! where be I when you be play with the egg ? sleep . sleep . goddammit ! nancy good . get it out . david shut up ! do not talk to I like I be a insane patient ! nancy let 's just go back inside . you can yell at I . you should , I think it 's right . I just do not want you to yell out here . david out where ? this be where we be go to have to live . why not yell out here ? we be go to have to do everything else out here . we will be sleep out here and eat out here and go to the bathroom out here ! get use to this cement , baby ! this be it ! out here be it ! we find ourselves ! we find ourselves , alright ! we find ourselves with eight hundred dollar in the middle of nowhere ! Nancy walk away . she see a crowd that be gather around and she do not want to have a argument in front of this people . David follow she . 34 ext . side of road - hoover dam visitor area david where be you go ? nancy I do not want to have a argument in front of that people . david why not ? I think that people be entitle to know how stupid you be . nancy this be go to turn into a personal attack , be not it ? david what else ? a general attack ? who be I go to attack ? nevada ? I can not attack the state . it be not they fault . I can not attack the motor home . it stay in the parking lot . I can not attack I . I be fast asleep . by process of elimination , who 's leave ? nancy I be . I be leave , okay ? and I will say it one more time - I be sorry . they be off by themselves now . they have reasonable privacy . they be both very upset . david I do not want you apology . I want to know why ? I want to try to understand how it happen . tell I . how do it happen ? nancy I could not sleep . david you could not sleep . I see . now , I remember night where I could not sleep . I be just try to think what I do . let 's see . I try warm milk or I take a long walk or I take nytol and then , if all that do not work , I give away all the money I ever earn . but you do not try any of that thing first . you just give away the money first , right ? what do you intend to do ? have warm milk afterwards ? tell I . I be mix up . nancy you be not even listen . david I be sorry . you be right . go ahead . you could not sleep . then what happen ? nancy I do not remember . I just go downstairs . david why do not you wake I up ? nancy what would you have do ? david what would I have do ? I would have follow you . I would have see you . I would have watch you take you money and begin to lose it and I would have stop you at thirty dollar , maybe thirty - two dollar , at the most . I would have say , " sweetheart , come back to bed . we do not want to fool with we nest egg . " you know , Nancy , I think you just consider nest egg to be a term but to I , it be a key to this whole experiment . why , I consider it like a third person . it be we best friend , we guardian angel . it be go to allow we to do everything we want to do . it be go to watch over we during bad time and laugh with we during good time . it be go to help we roam and purchase and eat and explore . it be go to help we make love and laugh and cry and now , it 's go and who 's get it ? the Desert Inn ! they have get we nest egg . they can sure use it , can not they ? they do not have they own . they be a poor little organization . they need we nest egg . gee , I hope they use it wisely . I know someday that mirror be go to have to be reflocked and the red velvet be look kind of wear . and that little heart bed be go to need new sheet . I be glad we could help they pay for that . I be glad we life savings will go towards make that room look a little prettier . I be glad we give it all to they , Nancy . I be just go to miss the little nest egg , that 's all . wo not you , sweetheart ? wo not you miss the nest egg ? in the middle of the night , will not you feel kind of lonely because little nest egg be pay for the gas in Frank Sinatra 's limo ? nancy shut up , David ! ( begin to cry ; she 's get hysterical ) shut up ! I do not want to hear nest egg anymore ! I do not want to hear that word . let I tell you something . that 's not the way you drop out anyway . if you be really go to drop out , you drop out with nothing ! david you drop out with nothing ? oh where do you read that ? in the Las Vegas guide ? nancy I do not read that . I know that . david oh , I see . who tell you ? nancy Friends , people who know . I do not have to answer you . david no . you do not have to answer I . you can not answer I because no one ever tell you that . you never have friend who drop out . you do not know anybody who drop out except for we . so how the hell do you know that ? come on , tell I ? nancy alright . the movie you be base you whole life on , " easy Rider , " they drop out with nothing . they have no nest egg . david bullshit . they have a huge nest egg . they sell cocaine . they do not get on they motorcycle till they nest egg be giant , fifty time the size of ours . nancy that 's not true . david oh , look . I be not go to stand here , in front of one of the seven wonder of the world and argue about a old movie . I be go to go now and get back in the motor home and maybe you can wander around out here and figure out something to do . we have eight hundred dollar leave and a entire lifetime . see what you can come up with . David start to walk away . nancy we could sell cocaine . david ( stop and turn around ) well , my God . why do not I think of that ? great idea . as a matter - of - fact , I remember after see " Midnight Express " I go out of the theater say to myself , " that 's for I . sex with hundred of turkish man . " David turn around and walk towards the motor home . david ( continue ) come on . let 's go . Nancy do not go with he . nancy no. forget it . david forget what ? nancy forget everything . david what be you talk about ? nancy you know , I will tell you one good thing that come out of all of this . we forget to get remarry . that be one good thing that happen and no one have mention that yet . david what be you say ? nancy I be say that if we get remarry it would be much more difficult to get divorced . now it 's easy . it 's over . I will just stay in nevada for six week and then we will be legally through . this be how it should have happen anyway , David . we be stupid to think it could have happen any other way . david do you really believe that ? nancy you bet you life I do . I realize now , you be never go to let I forget this . for the rest of we life , you will blame I and I will not take it . so , goodbye . I be sorry . it do not work out . 35 ext . side of road Nancy walk to the side of the road and stick out she thumb . David walk after she . david what do you expect to do ? where do you think you be go ? nancy I still have my dream . i'1l have to find somebody else who understand they a little bit better and then I will start over . david okay . enough be enough . I understand you dream . you say , " explode . " I explode . it 's do . now , come on . let 's not act stupid . I be over it . we see nancy ( cry ) you will never be over it . I know you . you be right . I be stupid . you do not want to be with a stupid person so leave I alone . david what be you do ? nancy none of you business . now get out of here , please . david you tell I to be angry . you say it be unhealthy not to be angry . you would be angry , too . God know you would be angry . a car approach in the distance . david ( continue ) Nancy , there 's a car come and there 's a man in there who look like a animal . now if you do not put you thumb back , he 's go to pick you up and if he pick you up , you be go to be in he car . I do n t know he . you do not know he . we do not know where we be , so why do not we stop act like this ?! nancy Goodbye . david ( yell ) what be happen ? you say it fifteen hundred time , " get angry . " I get angry . I think I get angry well . I be over it . nancy sure you be over it . you be still yell . david I be yell because you be about to get in someone else 's car ! a old chevy pull over . a guy in he late thirty , large , ugly , red - neck - look fellow say to Nancy : red-neck where ya headin' ? nancy with you . red -neck alright . you get it . come on . Nancy get in the car . David start to run after they . david ( yell ) this have get out of hand . look around you , Nancy , you be in another car ! that man be not I ! Nancy ! I apologize ! I be sorry ! David stop yell . he just stand there for a minute . david ( continue ; to himself ) listen to what I be say . I be sleep and I be yell I be sorry . what 's go on ? Jesus Christ ! she 's go to get kill ! 36 ext . road to hoover - helicopter shot - day David run back to the motor home . he start the engine . David try to catch up to the chevy . the chevy 's get a large lead . he go faster but it do not help . he lose the car . CUT to : 37 int . motor home david ( mumble ) I have lose my wife in the desert . this be just silly . you lose you wallet or you key but I have lose a whole woman . David continue to drive . after a short while , he spot a road stop , a gas-food - rest stop . there 's a small restaurant . he spot the chevy . he pull in . David get out of the motor home . through the window , he can see this red-neck and Nancy sit at a table . CUT to : 38 int . roadside restaurant David walk in . he approach the table where Nancy and the red-neck be sit . david Nancy , I think we should go . red-neck I do not think she want to speak to you , buddy . david I have know she for a long time . I think I would rather have direct communication with she . Nancy , come on . red-neck I say she do not want to talk to you . david we be leave now , okay , honey ? red-neck you be not listenin ' , be you ? david I be listen . this be my wife . it 's between she and I . Nancy ? we be go to work thing out now . thank this gentleman for the ride and let 's go . Nancy say nothing . the red- neck stand up . he be huge . red-neck mister , I be gonna count to three and I want you out of here . one ... david Nancy , this man 's count . who be he ? red -neck two . david honey , there 's one number leave . red-neck Three . the red-neck take David by the shoulder and start to lead he outside . red-neck ( continue ) let 's go . you and I , we have some fight to do . David be be shove outside . he look back at Nancy . david be this what you want ? be this what be suppose to happen ? I be now go to be kill by a gorilla ? David and the red-neck be outside . Nancy realize David be probably right . he will be kill . she get up . she run after they . 39 ext . roadside restaurant by the time she get outside , David be already be punch in the stomach and then in the face . in be - tween punch , David be yell to Nancy : david call he off ! he will obey you ! tell he it 's alright ! the red- neck be now really angry . red-neck I hate you . I be go to kill you . nancy it 's okay . stop. please ? thank you for the ride but we can handle it . red-neck you be out of this now . this be between he and I . I have not hate somebody so much in a long time . he remind I of everything I hate . David be on the ground . the red- neck pick he up . Nancy , red -neck come on . come on . let 's really go at it . david this be go to disappoint you but I have really go at it . I have not have a fight since I be in the third grade . I be just not use to it . Nancy , tell he . nancy please ! it 's okay . my husband and I have a fight but we can handle it . red-neck I say get out , lady . I be ona mission now . realize that she can not stop the fight , begin to scream : nancy help ! help ! Police ! help ! murder ! help ! people start to come out of the restaurant . this be more attention than the red-neck want . red-neck well , look at this . a woman have to help you by yell for the police . well , if I be not want , I would not care . I would stay here and beat the shit out of you , but right now I can not afford to see the police . but I will get you . I do not know where or when , but I will get you , mister . the red- neck start to walk back to he car . david yell " Police ! " more . keep yell . nancy Police ! Police ! we see the red-neck hasten a bit . he start he engine . david more. yell. yell. Police ! help ! help ! the chevy pull out . the red- neck yell back : red-neck I will get you . David be hold he jaw . nancy be you alright ? david that man will spend the rest of he life try to find I . I will be kill , Nancy . Nancy help he towards the motor home . 40 int . motor home they get inside . David be hold he jaw . nancy be you sure you be okay ? david yeah , I be okay . next time , if you be go to hitch , get a ride with a small woman , will you ? nancy I be proud of you . david for what ? get beat up ? nancy for rescue I . david well , I have no choice really . I think about just forget it and find someone new , but I realize I have nothing to offer they . nancy David , listen to I ... we be go to be alright . david I hope so . maybe we will . David start the engine . the home slowly begin to move . nancy what do you think we should do first ? david first ? first , I think we fill this thing with gas so we can get as far away as possible from that mental patient . then , I guess we will head east . we will drive until we finda place we both like and that will be we new home . we will start there and we will begin to rebuild . 41a through 41c a ) nancy I swear to God I think this be a bless in disguise . the whole idea of go to Las Vegas be to get remarry so we could have a new beginning , right ? well , that would have just be a ceremony . now , we really be start from the beginning . I think this way be much better . david well , I hope it be . but since we really will never know the other way , let 's not compare . nancy but after all , the whole purpose be to find ourselves and to be free and now we really be free . the other way ... david ( interrupt ) hold it , honey . another comparison , right ? nancy well , I be just excited . I think this be a bless . david it very well might be . all I be say be let 's just let we original plan rest in peace . CUT to : ext . arizona highway we see the motor home drive along . in the background there be music . as they head east , the sun slowly be set behind they . after various shot of David and Nancy move along the desert ... B ) ... we finally see they pass a sign that say , " welcome to prescott , arizona . " C ) they drive on further until they pull up toa trailer park . the sign above the park say " prescott trailer park . " he stop . he pull the motor home into this park . he stick he head out the window , as if to feel the climate . it feel right . CUT to : 42 int . motor home the sun have set . this be where they have choose to live . Nancy be lie on the bed as David be at the kitchen table , figure out the money they have leave . david okay , so , gas and the payment here and the electricity hook - up , the water hook - up , lunch ... oh my ! nancy what ? david Three hundred and twenty dollar . he take that amount out of he pocket . he lay it out in front of then , like a magician do a card trick . david ( continue ) there it be , sweetheart . that 's it . nancy okay . let 's call this " emergency " money . we will get job right away so we do not have to touch this . david absolutely . this money we seal away . nancy we will both have job by tomorrow . it 's go to be good . david we have no choice . we have to have job by tomorrow . nancy we should celebrate tonight . david celebrate what ? nancy this ! this be the real beginning ! David sit there . he smile . he 's stare at Nancy . after a while he feel a little uncomfortable . nancy ( continue ) what 's the matter ? what be you stare at ? david you leg . they look different . nancy different ? david they look longer . nancy you be joke , right ? david no . nancy I have long leg , remember ? david remember what ? nancy that be the first thing you ever say to I . you say I have sexy long leg . that be before you even ask I my name . david my God . you be right . we talk about you leg for a long time before you name come up . be I rude ? nancy you be great . david you do not think I be so sexy the first time you see I , do you ? nancy yes I do . david you do not say anything . nancy yes I do . david no you do not . nancy yes . I remember I tell you I think curly hair be very , very sexy . I say I like you hair . david no , sweetheart , you say curly hair be sexy and then you ask I if that be my own hair . nancy well , I be shy . david do not worry . I take it asa compliment . Nancy smile . David walk over and give she a passionate kiss , the like of which we have not yet see in this film . they begin to make love . it 's the real thing . as they do we ... CUT to : 43 ext . motor home we hear moaning . we see the home rock gently back and forth . older people who live in the trailer park start to come out and watch this new residence move from side to side . some have fold chair , other have picnic basket . this be one trailer park that have not yet put in cable television . so , to this people , this be entertainment they so badly need . we slowly ... dissolve into : 44 int . motor home - next morning David be still in bed . Nancy be almost dress . she have a extraordinary amount of energy . nancy David , I love you . that be the best . it be amazing . David be a bit daze . obviously they have have the best sex of they life . it 's give she energy . it 's make he a little confuse . david it never happen like that in l.a . I wonder why ? nancy we stop have sex in L.A. david that must be it . nancy seriously . what do you really think happen ? what do we do right ? david I do not think it have anything to do with we . nancy what be it ? the air ? david maybe . my guess be extreme poverty . nancy well , then I say we should stay poor . david look , I be just guess . I think we have to make some money , we do not want to starve to death and then find out it really be the air . we will feel so stupid . nancy ( smile ) I have so much energy . I can not wait to get out and just explore this city . I be go to get a great job . I know it . David get out of bed . he put on he robe . david I , too . now , I think we should have some kind of a plan . what do you say we look for work together ? nancy I do not think so . I think we should go in separate direction . david why ? nancy we will cover more territory . david alright . that sound right . good. good idea . nancy let 's say we meet back here no later than five o'clock . david five o'clock . good . nancy ( kissing he ) I can not wait for five o'clock . Nancy exit . David stand at the door call out to she : david good luck ! go for the high pay ! nancy I know . david and buy a cheap lunch ! nancy do not worry . david I love you . nancy I love you , too . david I mean it ! cheap lunch ! we see Nancy wave as she walk off into the distance . CUT to : 45 ext . prescott , arizona STREET - morning David be walk down the street stare into various store . he stop in front of a pharmacy . there 's a sign that say : " delivery man wanted . " David enter the store . CUT to : 46 int . pharmacy David approach pharmacist . david hello ? pharmacist yes sir . david the delivery job , I be interested in it . pharmacist this be for you son ? david no , for I . pharmacist for you ? well , you have you own car ? - david no. pharmacist gee , I be sorry , but it 's a delivery job . you would need a car . david well , I have transportation . I own a motor home . pharmacist a motor home ? david yes . pharmacist I do not really think that would suit this particular job . I have just a few small delivery a day . that thing be not too efficient and you probably would not be able to pay for gas with what I would pay you . david oh , I do not know I would have to pay for my own gas . pharmacist yes . actually , my intention be to get a high school kid with a rabbit or something . I think a older man with a motor home would be impractical for the both of we . you understand , I do not have that many delivery . also , you would have trouble parking . I do not think this would work out . david I agree . pharmacist you know what I should do ? I should cross out " man " and put " boy , " " delivery boy " be more correct . I guess " delivery man " be misleading . david no , the sign 's alright . it look fine . you do not know of any immensely high - pay job in the immediate area , do you ? pharmacist um , let I think . no , not in the immediate area . david what about in the outly area ? pharmacist uh , no . I do not know of any high - pay job anywhere in the whole country . do you ? david um , no . not now . well , good day . pharmacist good day to you . david be there a employment agency in 47 this town ? pharmacist yes . just continue down this street about half a mile . it 's a small building but you can not miss it . CUT to : int . employment office it 's a small employment agency befit a small town . David be just sit and wait he turn along with various other type . David look a little out of place in that the other look like they want some job relate to alcohol . the agent step out of a small glass cubicle and ask David to step in . David do and sit down . agent so . what can we do for you ? david well , I be originally from Los Angeles and I be now live here . I need a job . agent alright . he take out a piece of paper and begin to write down information . agent ( continue ) what be you previous work experience ? david well , for the last eight year I be a major executive with one of the biggest advertising agency in the country . agent oh , I see . and you previous salary ? david seventy thousand dollar . agent ( look up ; he have not hear this figure in a long time ) you say seventy thousand ? david yes . agent over how long a period be we talk about ? david a year . seventy thousand a year . the agent begin to laugh . david ( continue ) what 's so funny ? agent nothing . that 's very good . so , what bring you around this part ? try to double up that income ? agent laugh again . david no . I come here to live . I want to change my life . agent you could not change you life on seventy thousand ? david could we just get back to what we be do here ? agent sure . uh , I do not think I have anything at all right now . I mean the only thing I have , you would not be interested in . why do not you check back with I in a month ? david well , you do not know what I would be interested in . why do not you just tell I what you have ? agent I do not think that come from you position and you salary you would be interested in it . david well , you do not know I . what be it ? agent it 's a crossing guard . david a crossing guard ? you mean at a school ? agent yes . where else do you see they work ? david no , I just do not know if there be different kind . well , what do that pay ? agent a hundred thousand dollar . he start to laugh . David laugh along with he . david but , really , what do it pay ? agent it pay three twenty - five a hour , plus benefit . david benefit meaning what ? agent benefit meaning you can get a ride to and from work if you need it . david well , listen , I have just start look for work and I do not want to rule anything out but I think I probably can find something where I can use my ability a bit more . would you have another kind of file , like a executive box or something ? agent what kind of box would that be ? david you know , a box of higher - pay job . agent my goodness , I forget . sure . you mean the hundred thousand dollar box ? agent begin to laugh again . david ( get up ) well , I be happy I could provide you with you morning 's entertainment . you can laugh at I but let I tell you something . I make a statement . you understand what I be say ? I make a statement . agent a statement ? david never mind . thank you . agent thank you . good luck . CUT to : 48 ext . trailer park - later that day David be walk dejectedly towards home . Nancy be inside fix dinner . 49 int . motor home as he enter , she turn around excited . she run up and give he a hug . nancy guess what ? david ( perk up a bit ; at least one of they sound like they have success ) a job ? nancy sure look like it . david fantastic ! ( he sit down ) tell I everything . what be it ? how much do you get ? when do you start ? nancy I will not know anything for sure until tomorrow . I do not want to say anything until then . david oh come on ! tell I ? at least tell I what the job be . nancy please . we will get all excited and then what if I do not get it ? let 's just wait . david just give I a hint ! nancy well ... alright . I would be a assistant manager . david Jesus ! after one day ? Assistant manager ! where ? nancy that 's all I be say . the manager 's think it over . he say he will let I know tomorrow . I do not want to jinx it . now , come on . let 's hear about you . what happen ? David can not get over the word " Assistant manager . " his own search have not bring he word of that caliber . he hedge . david well , I be not say anything either , but I will also know in the morning . nancy I give you a hint , you have to give I one . david I can not . I have too many lead . I have have many firm offer and right now I be just mull they over . nancy what kind of offer ? david listen , I think you be right , we be go to jinx this thing . let 's just keep the mystery . it 's more exciting that way . CUT to : 50 int . school basement - the next day David be stand with a older man in front of a locker . the man take out a uniform . man now , this will not fit you exactly " cause the fellow who have this before be about eighty and very heavy , but if you go up to the nurse 's office they will take it in . david thank you . man now , I do not have the sign here , but do you understand ? it 's stop on one side ... david ( interrupt ) yes . go on the other . man no . if you be go to interrupt I I be not go to be able to explain it . it 's stop a one side and stop on the other . it 's just a stop sign . so , when you want people to go you will have to hide the sign . david that 's right . I remember . you just put it down so people can not see . man that 's right . behind you back be generally the best place . david yes . I think , basically , this job have not change since I go to school . man be not you a little young for this kind of work ? david I do not think so . why ? man well , all the other guard here have be in they late sixty or seventies . we have one who be fifty once but that 's as young as I can remember . david well , time be change . I mean stereotype have to be break sometime , do not they ? man I guess they do . I never think they do but yeah , I guess they do . okay . happy to have you here and I guess all you should know be that some of this child be rude . david well , all child be rude . man well , this child be a little ruder than they use to be . you see we have this cutback in the school lunch program and sometimes they be hungry . and you know what happen when you be hungry ? you get a little bit ornery . I guess what I be say be you will need a little bit of tolerance . david oh , tolerance be my middle name . believe I . CUT to : 51 ext . STREET scene - day David be at the crosswalk . he 's lead a group of child across the street . they be about twelve year old . obviously , old enough to cross by they - selve . David greet they . he want to make a good impression . God know why . david hello , child . how be school ? child # 1 screw you ! child # 2 yeah . mind you own business . david ah . you must be two of the hungry one . the kid glare at he . David walk back across the street alone . David be wait . a bunch of kide , a little older , about six of they , walk up . one of they say : older kid # 1 hey , who 's the new retardo ? david oh , my goodness . more hungry child . you want to cross the street ? older kid # 1 yeah , retardo . david my name be David . I would appreciate not be call that name . it 's a ugly name . older kid # 2 Ugly name for a ugly face . david I see no reason to walk future prisoner across the street . why do not you get some practice work on you own right now since you will probably be in solitary most of you life . you can handle it . older kid # 2 no , man . that 's what you be pay for . come on . take we across the street . david no , I can not take you across the street and , also , I be allow to make judgment . if I think someone should not be allow to cross the street I be allow to deny they that privilege . so , if you want to cross , you will have to cross on you own . older kid # 2 hey , no . no , man . you work for we . let 's go . david what do you mean let 's go ? be that a threat ? be careful . I have get a metal sign here . older kid # 2 ( take out a knife ) yeah ? I have get a metal knife . david knife win . come on . he lead they across the street . David walk back alone , mumble . he sit in he little chair . there 's no action and no child . Cars be pass by . a new black mercede screech up . the passenger window be electrically lower . a guy , in he early 30' , call to David . driver mister ? david call I David . I be you age . I look a little older because I be in this uniform . driver David , how do I get out of this place ? actually , what be this place ? david what do you mean ? driver what town be this ? david Prescott . driver Jesus Christ . I be lose . how do I get to Phoenix ? david you have to get on highway 90 . so , what you do be go down about two mile , you will come to a stoplight , you turn right and keep go and you will see a sign . driver two mile down and then right ? david that 's it . driver thanks , man . david hold it . David approach the car . he stick he head inside and start sniff , rather intensely . driver what be you do ? stop do that . get away . david I be just smell the interior . this be leather , be not it ? driver it 's mercede leather . they call it leather but it 's vinyl . smell like leather , though . huh ? david ( still sniff ) yeah it do . you like this car ? driver what 's not to like ? hey , thanks , man . see ya . he floor it and tear off into the distance . David watch the car slowly disappear . he 's still sniff . david ( to himself ) it smell like leather . they must spray it with something . interrupt David 's think be a child voice come from behind he . child hey , retardo ! over here ! david ( to himself ) without even look I be sure he mean I . CUT to : 52 int . motor home - nighttime David enter . Nancy be take off she coat . David can see that she have on a uniform . it 's a candy - stripe short skirt and blouse . also , she have on a candy - stripe apron and hat . it look familiar but David can not quite place it . david hi. Nancy turn around . nancy my God ! you scared I . they stare at each other , each look at the other 's uniform . nancy ( continue ) you get you job ? david yes . do you get yours ? nancy yes . yes , I do . david be that a uniform you be wear ? nancy of course . what do you think , I buy this ? david what do you do ? nancy I work at Burger King . I get it . I be the assistant manager . david Burger King ? nancy the reason I be not sure last night be because the manager say he need time to sleep on it , but this morning he tell I he make he decision as soon as I leave . he just do not know how to get hold of I . david hold it a second . Burger King ? the hamburger place ? just after David finish this sentence , we hear the toilet flush . out come skip , a nineteen - year - old boy , dress in the male version of the same uniform Nancy be wear . skip be one of that kid who talk like he 's from torrance , through he nose , blend all syl - lable into one , a kid whose speech could mask he intelligence , if there be intelligence to be mask . david ( continue ) Nancy , who 's this child ? nancy oh. this be skip . he 's the manager . he want to see where we live . David just stare . his image of the " manager " be obviously way off . before skip hey , thanks , Nancy . wow , this be like a real home . now , when you flush the toilet , where do it go ? Nancy can answer , skip see David . skip ( continue ) oh , wow ! who 's the crossing guard ? nancy that 's what you be ! a crossing guard ! I could not place it . that 's wonderful ! you be work with child ! david I be walk with child . there 's a difference , but we will talk about it later . now , tell I again . this child be who ? nancy this be skip . he 's the manager . david the manager ? this be who sleep on it ? skip stretch he hand out eagerly wiping it first on he pants , just to make sure it 's clean . skip hey , it 's nice to meet you . call I skippy , though , huh ? that 's what my friend call I . hey , you wife 's really something . man , I think what you be both do be amazing . she tell I all about it . it 's really great . you have get a lot of courage . it blow my mind . I will tell ya , man , 53 when I get old , I sure hope I drop out . it really sound neat . hey , do she tell ya what happen today ? nancy ( a little embarrassed ) David just get home , skip . I will tell he later . david no. let skippy tell it . I want to hear he talk some more . skippy hey , thanks . well , you know the fry machine ? we be never use it right . see , no one ever tell we . I mean we do everything the instruction say . you know , we put the oil in and everything , but we take the fries out , like , much too soon and no one know . and you wife say , " hey , this be freeze in the middle . " and then we take they outside and we look at them in the sun and she be right ! they be still freeze . she spot it on the first day ! do you believe it ? david and how long be you make they the other way ? skippy oh , I do not know , a little less than a year . david Nancy , where be the key ? nancy they be in the ignition . why ? CUT to : int . motor home we be somewhere outside of Prescott . David and Nancy be drive along . they be still in they Burger King and crossing guard outfit , but obviously they have leave they first home . Nancy have a map in she hand . she 's look it over . nancy you know I think Denver could be a good place to go . david Denver , huh ? nancy well , it 's bigger . we do need a bigger city . david we certainly do . sweetheart , let 's talk for a second . nancy what ? david I love you very much . you know that , do not you ? nancy I love you , too . david well , I think it 's wonderful that we could say this and mean it . do you know that ever since we be marry I just be wait for we to get divorced ? I never think we would make it , ever . but now I do . nancy I know . I feel the same way . david well , my God , that 's wonderful . I mean the experience that we go through in the last two week , it do that . it show we that we be go to be marry forever . Nancy , we be together for the rest of we life and I be so grateful to finally have that peace of mind . it 's wonderful . nancy I tell you this would all be a bless . david I know you do . but now , let 's talk fact . we nest egg break . forget who do it , no blame . that 's not the point . the point be we do not split up . we stay together and decide to rebuild . and it be the best decision we ever make . because for the first time we really know how to share . whatever we have we can enjoy it together . nancy but we do not have anything . david there ! now we be get to it . this afternoon I be guide some child across the street and I realize something . give we age , and the year we have leave together , and the way we be go about this rebuild program , we will never have another egg in we lifetime . nancy I be think the same thing . david really ? nancy yes . as a matter - of - fact , I begin think what we might do to speed thing up . david that 's amazing . so be i. Denver ? be that what Denver be about ? nancy no . not exactly . I be just kind of think of a general plan . david I too . nancy great . what ? david well , you tell I yours first . nancy ( hesitate ) no , you go first . david no. I be almost embarrassed to tell you , mine 's like a last resort . nancy do not be embarrassed . what be it ? david ( hesitate ) well ... nancy come on . david okay . I think we would just get to New York as fast as we can ... nancy ( interrupt ) and you eat shit ? david you plan too , huh ? nancy exactly . david we really be a team . nancy we certainly be . CUT to : 54 ext . / int . motor home - montage - day it do a fast u-turn away from the northern direction and begin head east . they be now on they way to New York go as fast as they can . as they do the theme from the commercial " I love new york " begins to play . it grow and grow in intensity as David and Nancy cross the United States . they trip from Arizona to New York will take place in a space of about thirty second . States whiz by . Signs " entering missouri " " leaving missouri " " entering virginia , " " leaving virginia , " all take place in a period of second . the music be get more intense . it 's now fill we ear . voice begin singing , " I love new york . " 55 ext . GEORGE WASHINGTON bridge - new york CITY - snow - day we see the mobile home approach the George Washington Bridge . as it enter the tollbooth we ... CUT to : 56 ext . madison avenue - snow it 's Monday morning , 8:45 . thousands of New yorker be filing into they office . we see the motor home pull up in front of the advertising agency . hundred of people be enter this building . we see that one of this people be Brad tooley , the baldhead man David be suppose to work under . from a long shot , we see David exit the motor home . he 's still in he crossing guard uniform . he 's be up for three day , take no doz and drink hundred of cup of coffee . he look like hell . he run down the street and corner Brad near the front entrance . Brad see David . he 's scared . he can not believe it . he start to run . he try to escape . David turn after he . all this be show ina long shot , with the busy madison Avenue traffic in the foreground . we hear David yell : david Brad , I make it ! Three week on the button ! let 's go to work . we get ford to sell ! Brad look frighten . he would like to get away but he can not . David catch up to he . he grab he around the waist . he drop to he knee . he begin to plead . as New yorker pass by go about they business , we see David begging . Brad just stare down at he . over this scene the follow crawl appear on the screen : " most people lead they entire life without ever have the courage to break the mold , to find out who they really be and what life be all about . that that do should take Route 16 . this go through Utah , avoid the state of nevada completely . " the end