lost soul screenplay by pierce gardner fade in on : Black screen SOUND os -- a choked back breath , gasping , lung look for air , the struggle for life and we -- flashcut to : int . limbo / water - another time gasping for breath continue , more relentless , harder , heavier and into the frame we see fragment , slowed into special motion , dreamlike , surreal : dirty blonde hair lift and tumble ; bubbles pop through the murky water ; a hand and then its attach arm swim , in trouble , try to climb ; and then float as if disembody , momentary ; the swimmer drift , then a brief effort twist , sign of struggle ; a leg push off the nothingness , threaten , a impossible fight ; and the claustrophobic gasp , a last chock back breath as other sound begin to bleed in : the crackle of a radio , a few voice murmuring and then more clearly -- woman' voice ( o.s. ) Jesus , please ... Jesus ... the water blur opaque , into a murky veil of illusion and we dissolve to : int . ford fiesta - morning the crack windshield of a blue Ford fiesta . the cloud form of the drown swimmer be replace by a small plastic day - glo cross that sway as the fiesta be lift up on a tow truck hoist . a paramedic jog over to the car as paramedic ( o.s. ) hold it , hold on ... the fiesta stop its ascent . the passenger side door open and the paramedic reach in and snare the bop cross . ext . CITY STREET - morning the paramedic carry the plastic symbol over to a middle age woman who 's sit on a stretcher , wear a foam neck brace and look totally relaxed . this minor fender - bender be a ignore sideshow on a quiet commercial street . as the woman reclaim she crucifix , a lanky man stride by , over - coat against the fall weather . we follow the man as he round the corner . ext . another CITY STREET - morning and as he walk on , he gaze out at a small Catholic Church ahead . St. Ursula 's be a modest seminary sit adjacent to the Church . and just in front , behind a chain link fence , be : a asphalt playground use by the Church 's pre-school program . a group of child play there in happy confusion , watch by two female day - care worker . ext . playground - morning one of the day - care worker alternately push two kide on the swing , use one hand . in she other hand , she hold a cigarette . her clothes be wear , she sneaker fray . a simple gold cross hang loosely from she neck . she 's get ancient hole in she ear lobe from another , earlier time , but no longer any earring . this be maya larkin . the kid she 's push be sing " frere Jacques " as they soar up and down on the swing . the second day - care worker , more nicely dress , shoot Maya disapprove glance as she give she swinging child modest push . a latino boy walk up to Maya , both he shoe be untied and he jacket 's unzip . he point to he foot . maya ( with mock severity ) look at you . she move away from the swing , put out the cigarette and stoops down , tie he shoe . after she finish , Maya watch he run back into the throng . he dash past the lanky man , stand just ten foot away . a powerful figure , claude lareaux be in he sixty . a stern , heavy expression glance he face . Maya stand back up slowly , look at he , a more serious expression on she face now . she toss she cigarette as we : smash CUT to : ext . rural road - morning a non-descript Chrysler New Yorker as it wind its way down a rural road . int . chrysler moving - morning the car 's driver be a fleshy man in he forty name JOHN townsend . he 's anxious , a nail - biter , with the wear hand of a worker . townsend 's slightly nerve-wrack , but try to settle it all inside . Maya touch a fore - finger across she upper lip , warm , she move forward , cover heat vent with a cup hand , uncomfortable , then finally flipping off the heat altogether , which make a final whooshing gasp . she power OPEN the electronic window , a rough hum as ... close on lareaux , in the back seat watch she . seat next to lareaux be a dark haire , kind look man in he 30' , jeremy . Maya straighten the cuff of she shirt sleeve - first the right , then the leave . then she repeat it all . townsend note the repetitive movement . and the radio be on in the b.g. : radio dj # 1 so it say here in today 's news that science be look for a lose minute of daylight . radio dj # 2 yeah , what 's that all about ? they have satellite now that can read we ATM receipt from outer space , but no one know how we lose a minute of sunlight ? radio dj # 1 when they find that minute ... townsend flip off the radio . there be a excruciatingly loud pause as everyone in the car sit quietly . then Maya turn sideways , lean towards the backseat , and whisper to lareaux : maya ( muffle by roar of pass truck ) why be you do this to I ? lareaux I know , Maya , but you will understand when you see this man . I really need you strength . Maya silently acknowledge he remark . lareaux ( cont 'd ) ( subbe , in french ) ensemble pour toujour quio qu 'il arrive . Maya reach over , put a soft hand on townsend 's knee . maya good see you again . townsend whish the circumstance be different . as Maya turn back around in she seat , lareaux look up , see townsend 's dart of worry in the rear view . ext . king county mental hospital - morning institutional 50 's architecture . two -story building on picturesque grounds . the Chrysler pull up to the gate . int . hospital corridor - morning lareaux , he overcoat open , walk down the dim corridor . we now see he 's a priest . he 's wear a black cassock with a waist- high surplice ( belt ) and a narrow purple steal . he carry a Bible . townsend , Maya and Jeremy be right beside he . we see Jeremy be also a priest . townsend be carry a hard , black leather suitcase . large window , border by huge pillar , circumscribe the never-end corridor . thick door line the wall , each with a tiny observation window , fill in with octagonal wire pattern . the foursome avoid look directly at any of that window . they pass other room , door wide open , line with several bed each separate by wear curtain . int . / ext . second corridor - morning sitting next to a door on this corridor be the hospital 's Chief resident psychiatrist , dr . leslie allen . she 's casual , calm and intelligent . a mature woman in she late 50' , still attractive , at peace with herself . as she sip a cup of peppermint tea , she glance outside , through a window opposite she chair , at a huge old tree , the antithesis of the sterile , prison - like environment inside . she find way to remain ground in this place . as lareaux and company approach , Dr. Allen switch she gaze and -- lareaux ( hand over a document ) you court order , Dr. Allen . dr . allen ( stand , make transition ) you know I be not comfortable with this . lareaux but you patient be legally entitle to it . dr . allen this patient have be plague with temporal lobe seizure . lareaux it 's the patient 's request , doctor . DR. allen ( insistent ) I be aware of that , but I do not think he 's in any condition to make request . I be try to appeal to you more ... logical self , Father . ( as she glance briefly at Maya , townsend and Father Jeremy ) I be concerned about harm to my patient . lareaux ( pick up the Doc 's visual cue ) Father Jeremy and deacon John townsend of St. Ursula 's , and we associate , Maya larkin . ( off she look ) secular assistant be permit if regard as qualified . Maya be eminently qualified . dr . allen I think I should join you . maya ( brusquely , interrupt ) -- you would not last five minute . lareaux ( get to it ) just open the door , please . as the Doctor unlock the door , lareaux , townsend , Father Jeremy and Maya file in . tense . cautious . int . patient's room - morning the room have be paint hot pink . the only furniture be a large table , a chair and a bed . a few book sit stack on the table : Albert Beutel 's cryptology , George fleck 's shape Space and Claude Shannon 's seminal Mathematical Theory of communication , among other on advanced math . a slightly round man name henry birdson be seat in the single restrain chair , compulsively write number on a yellow legal pad . he wear green hospital pants and T-shirt . he look up and smile at all he visitor ; a blind , angry smile . birdson how do you like the color in here ? ( glance over bar window ) spos'ed to be relax . Maya and townsend avoid look at birdson . Maya straighten the cuff of she sleeve . lareaux put he Bible and a small crucifix on the table . lareaux hello Henry . do you know why we be here ? birdson nod , pleased with himself . he stretch , languidly drop he pad onto the table and yawn . birdson look forward to it . do you have a cigarette ? close on lareaux as he catch Maya 's gaze and as -- close on Maya , who look back at lareaux , we : crosscut to a series of flashcut : int . another place , another time confine space . cheesy lace curtain drape across plexi slide window , a soft and constant whispering of the " we Father " in the b.g. and we see : a young lareaux , longer hair , move gracefully toward Maya , subtitled in latin lareaux do not remember , o Lord , we sin or that of we forefather . close on Maya 's face . Wide - eye at 16 year old . in the b.g. , Maya 's sister , stand rigid , afraid . lareaux ( cont 'd ) and do not punish we for we offence . a arm twist almost out of its socket . a scream . lareaux ( cont 'd ) and lead we not into temptation . scream continue . Maya 's on a bed , she head jerk sideways , involuntarily . lareaux ( cont 'd ) but deliver we from evil ... a crucifix follow its own shadow as we : crosscut back to : int . patient's room - morning townsend open the black leather suitcase . Inside : roll of duct and mask tape , two bible , three rosary , a scapular , bottle of holy water and a gold chalice , sit in foam - laden velvet , for the Communion eucharist . Maya quickly and expertly lock in birdson 's chair restraint . arm and leg . Father Jeremy pull out a roll of duct tape , sealing the desk drawer shut . then , he set up a portable tape recorder on the table . secure that as well . birdson restrain , Maya pull large square - cut piece of blackout cloth out of the suitcase . she grab a roll of mask tape , tearing two piece of it with she tooth , right off the roll . a searing , jarring sound , unexpected every time . move to the door , she immediately tape a square of blackout cloth over the observation window . as the cloth drop , Dr. Allen 's face disappear . Maya tear several more piece of mask tape , continue to block out each window . int . hospital corridor two hour later , Dr. Allen be reassure one of she patient . she 's calm , focus , helpful . patient ( point to he stomach ) my bowel be out . I tell you . it 's open , can not you see it ! my stomach 's be eviscerate ! suddenly a orderly burst around the corner , sprinting toward she . int . hospital corridor Dr. Allen and the orderly be jogging down the hallway . the sound of scream can be faintly hear in the distance . Dr. Allen start to run , leave she patient , hold she stethoscope and pocket for anything that might fall out . her breathing be slightly labored . her patient scream after she : patient ( freak ) my bowel !!! my stomach 's be eviscerate ! and you will not help I ! help I !!! int . hospital corridor a stunne Laura Allen stand outside birdson 's room as two more orderlies frantically try to pry open the door . dr . allen ( a order of med . ) haldol , cogenten , atavan 5 , 2 and 2 IM . from the room , a chorus of tormented voice be hear . a hideous cacophony that build in intensity with each pass moment , punctuate by sharp explosion of wood and glass . it sound like the room be be tear to piece . along with everyone in it . something heavy hit the door on the other side . suddenly , the door burst open . the scream instantly stop . lareaux 's at the door , push past the two orderly and as he collapse against a wall , Dr. Allen see he 's shaking , completely devastate . Father Jeremy hurry after he , concerned . father jeremy Father , be you alright ? can you get up ? Laura Allen walk slowly over to the door . and brace herself , she lean forward and stare inside . the room be immaculate . nothing 's damage , not a stick of furniture be out of place . townsend and Maya slowly back out , careful not to look at birdson who sit nonchalantly still tie to he chair ... birdson he 's right here , you know . birdson turn and stare at Dr. Allen with a chill look of triumph . birdson ( cont 'd ) ( same languid posture , he own think process etched in he brain ) come on in ... Dr. Allen freeze . townsend move past she . Maya pull the door shut very quickly . in she hand , she 's grab birdson 's legal pad and one of he advanced math book . ext . manhattan criminal courthouse - morning a restless crowd cluster outside the entrance of the Manhattan courthouse , a mixture of press , public and security . int . courtroom - morning Inside the pack courtroom , the atmosphere be hushed and tense . up on the witness stand , mr . silberman , a meek , reluctant witness , be testify . the defense attorney be relentless . the jury seem pretty intent on the testimony . they eye : defense attorney ( o.s. ) Mr. silberman , you work with the defendant , George viznick , for two year . the accuse , GEORGE viznick . he 's in he early 20' , with thick , black hair and strong feature . his neatly - press suit and tie cannot disguise the fact he have the feral eye of a unrepentant psychopath . mr. silberman ( o.s. ) yes . defense attorney ( o.s. ) ( pace in front of witness ) and how would you describe he ? mr. silberman ( o.s. ) quiet . Real quiet ... defense attorney ( o.s. ) and on the day of the murder , he state of mind ? mr. silberman ( o.s. ) seem ... on edge . defense attorney ( o.s. ) on the day of the murder ( dramatic pause ) what do the defendant request ? mr. silberman ( o.s. ) he ask to go home early . he say he be bother by all the people who keep tell he what to do . defense attorney ( o.s. ) ( to the jury ) tell the jury how many people work in that office with you and Mr. viznick . mr. silberman ( o.s. ) just I . there 's a general murmur at this disclosure and ... in the first row , wear he press credential like all the other prominent member of the media , sit peter kelson . Peter 's in he early 30' , fit , handsome , well - dress , even seductive . the ubiquitous success story , cynical , edgy and focus , he 's all or nothing . Peter take note in a leather book , graph paper , he own color- code system , meticulous annotation . he stare intently at the defendant . int . maya' room in the seminary - day a woman 's arm and hand be visible as she write - close on piece of notebook paper cover with a nonsensical collection of vowel and consonant . we tilt up to see Maya , who toss the sheet onto a pile of reject . she take a sip of coffee . stale . Maya react . finishes a cigarette . put it out in a plain glass ashtray . lying next to she pack of cigarettes , a vintage Zippo , inscribe , " peace and fuck you . " to Maya 's leave be birdson 's legal pad . on it he have write row of number in neat , precise handwrite . Maya have draw red line at regular interval , show a repeat pattern of 11 number in a row . in the b.g. , she use , always , " on , " 24 " tv be airing a daytime talk show . guy describe he girlfriend 's affair ad lib . Maya react to the insanity of the show . on the wall above Maya 's table that serve as she desk , be a varied collection of crayon drawing from the child in she day - care class , a postcard from Louisiana depict New Orleans , a postcard - size copy of modigliani portrait of a woman , and a old photograph of Maya and she sister . close on the page she just discard " if R equal one " at the top and letter of the alphabet match up with a series of number . birdson 's cryptology book be visible to Maya 's right , as she work off she newest piece of paper , label " if S equal one . " Maya move to she mini fridge . look inside . pull out a soda . pop the tab . spray startles she a moment . wipe off she finger . slam the door . time CUT : Comparing number and letter with a second piece of paper , Maya note that the first number , 24 , give she the letter " p . " the next number , 13 , produce a " E . " she write that down . flick a long ash into a half - full ashtray . gulp air . time CUT : Maya continue the code procedure . the next three number equal a " T , " a " E " and a " R . " finally spelling " Peter . " Maya get up . stretch . ashtray get full . tap out a single cigarette from she shirt pocket . light it . exhales deeply . excite and scared at the same time . time CUT : Maya check she newest number , add the letter " k . " tamp out she cigarette into a ashtray with earlier cigarette debris . small stack of use up paper . Maya stare at she result , exhaust . int . hallway / courthouse - day a explosion of chatter as the crowd empty from the courtroom . many of the media rush to a press room across the hall . as Peter head that way , we see he enjoy some celebrity status . head turn and finger point as he go by . Peter stop a tall , asian 26 year - old who 's stride by with a thick packet . this be michael kim , Peter 's researcher . michael Mr. kelson , here 's the stuff you want on pathological narcissism . peter what about that psychic , what 's he name , szabo ? michael he can see you Thursday . peter ( shaking he hand ) I think it 's gonna be a waste of time . michael ( try to reassure he boss ) the police use he as a witness in this case . peter ( unsmile , but he like Michael ) I will be at bedford tonight , if you need I . michael ( big smile ) Nice suit . Peter take off , weaving he way through the crowd . and as he enter a men' room : int . men' room - continuous Peter saunter up to a urinal . a rough look man in he late 40' come out of a stall and approach Peter . this be a tough cop name mike smythe . smythe ( smile , friendly ) hey ! Mr. big shot . peter ( smile emerge ) Mike . oh , the christen . I mean to call ... smythe ( release he hold ) yeah , right . I do not know why I bother invite you guy . I know you would not show . Peter finish . Zip up and go to wash he hand . smythe look in the mirror , too , notice a food stain on he shirt . he dab at it half -heartedly . smythe ( cont 'd ) so , viznick 's get a meet with he lawyer in the ayem . peter ( he interest be pique ) really ? you know , see this guy away from the court , the facade slip . you catch thing . smythe yeah , yeah . I have hear it before . just be sure you spell my name right . nine o'clock ? smythe hand Peter a tiny penlight . peter what 's this ? smythe so you can see where you be go when you crawl up he asshole . off Peter 's smile , we : int . television studio - afternoon the typical particle board and wallpaper set that look better on the small screen . two chair , one with Peter and one with the glossy blonde , perfectly style , tv personality , sally prescott . the floor manager silently finish the countdown as a make up man touch up Peter before rush off the set . sally as a part of today 's story on the trial of mass murderer George viznick , we welcome Peter kelson , author of the current best - seller , vicious intent . thank you for join we , Peter . peter thanks for have I , Sally . sally Peter , you be now write a book about the viznick case . you seem to be make a career of study sensational murderer . I have to ask , how do it make you feel when you sit in courtroom day after day , face to face with alleged killer ? peter well , long - term exposure to thing like this tend to give you a sort of clinical understanding of the subject . after awhile , you begin to make friend with it , so to speak . sally it 's as if you be say the closer you get to evil , the less evil it become . peter no , the less mystify . good and evil be only illusion . there be no such thing as evil with a capital " E . " that suggest some third party bad guy pull all the string . sally ( a bit mesmerize ) you be refer to the defense 's effort to prove that George viznick be torment by " demonic voice ? " peter there be not any voice . sally not even from some mental illness , as the prosecution assert ? peter as if there 's another cause for little voice ? no , Sally , viznick 's a manipulator , he 's clever , he have what I call malignant narcissism . sally what do you mean by that ? peter well , we all have a degree of narcissism , Sally , but a malignant narcissist be dangerously self - obsessed . sally be you say he 's legally sane ? peter well , George viznick be in the grayest of gray area in the sanity spectrum . viznick be not psychotic . he 's simply unable to submit to any higher authority . sally meaning , viznick 's a man who answer to no one . not even God . peter ( step ahead of she ) right . if you believe in God . as a narcissist , viznick could not blame himself for the alleged murder . he create the voice after the fact . in order to avoid the simple truth that there be no outside force that guide George viznick and that George viznick need to pay . sally ( personally interested ) and what about you ? what about Peter kelson ? where be you moral compass ? Peter be momentarily serious , interior , then the brief slight smile . peter well , lucky for I , I be not on trial , Sally . however , I like to think I be the actual needle on the compass . morality be which way you be face . the needle always point north . Sally smile , a sucker for that sort of crap . int . control booth - continuous the technical director lean over to a cameraman . tech director Sally 's hot for this guy . a tall attractive female p.a. overhear . p.a . he 's cute . int . television studio sally ( more take with he than she think ) Peter ... kelson , ah , thank you for join we . peter a pleasure , Sally . tech director ( o.s. ) and that 's a cut . Sally lean forward to Peter and proffer a copy of he book . sally would you sign it for I ? peter ( flash a killer smile ) of course . ext . saint benedictus / manhattan - afternoon a Range Rover double park in front of a immense Catholic Church . Peter get out . across the street , a group of Orthodox Jews walk by . on the step of the church be a exotic woman , stylish in a yellow prada dress with a match yellow nylon zip jacket . claire van owen hug the collar to she neck against a sudden winter guest . she 's a magazine stylist and Peter 's girlfriend . as Peter meet Claire on the street , he grab hold of she , relaxed . he kiss she deeply . Claire still react , though it 's be a year . claire ( obviously in love ) I miss you . peter ( see it ) do you think they have a room here ? she smile at the possibility . claire how would you interview go ? I be sure you charme the hell out of Sally . peter she 's a talk show host . they can not be charme . by definition . Claire slide a arm through Peter 's . then , she reach up , suddenly kissing he hard on the mouth . int . saint benedictus - afternoon Peter and Claire walk down the center aisle , dwarf by the vast vault ceiling and rosette station of the cross . at the travertine and terrazzo altar , there 's a solemn atmosphere . choir practice be just about to end and the singers be chanting a-capella in Latin . stand before they , keep time and tone , be father jame mckenzie , a good - nature priest in he late fifty . he see Peter and Claire and let the choir practice wind down . singer begin to collect they music as Father James move toward he visitor , happy to see they , as always . he give Peter a strong hug . father jame how're you do ? ( to Claire ) look lovely as always . peter you ready ? James turn to the choir . father jame alright , you shriek harpies , enough of that racket . be off with you . the choir make they way out in several direction , shaking they head at Father James ' corny humor . father jame ( cont 'd ) and if you have to sin tonight , try to make it something original . a groan from the group at the bad pun . Claire and Peter smile . CUT to : int . vestry / saint benedictus - afternoon Father James carefully and ritualistically remove he vestment . int . range rover - afternoon Peter be drive up the West side highway , relaxed , a arm out the window . Claire be beside he . James sit in the back , peaceful , meditative , as the tree lining the road move by in a sort of blurred landscape . father jame between you book sale and this tv thing , there 's go to be no live with you . and let I guess , you boil God down to a conceit . peter you know how I feel . the world be random . the only certainty I believe in be death . father jame give all that 's happen , I understand . the world be random , but then there 's faith . where be you in death without it ? ext . STREET - continuous suddenly a car cut Peter off . Peter slam on he break . Close call . Claire 's purse fall off she lap . lipstick spill out . she steady herself against the dash with a hand . James be press forward into he seat belt . father jame what a ... jerk ! claire Peter , be you okay ? peter Fine . Peter resume drive , mildly irritate . claire ( get back to the conversation ) it 's great of you to let William and Susan stay at the house until he get on he foot . peter ( cut across the earnestness ) it 's Susan 's cooking , Claire . that 's why uncle James let they stay . father jame nonsense , it 's all of we home . ( to Claire ) so how 's work treat you ? claire frustrate . form over content . everything 's so retro . father jame well , if Peter here would hop off he laurel long enough to marry you ... at the wheel , Peter gaze straight out at the road . no expression . but he cringe inwardly . claire ( interrupt for Peter 's sake ) ... you wear a watch , Father ? father jame yes . it 's exactly ... he slide back he sleeve as Clair look at she watch . claire can you check the century hand for I ? mine seem to be ahead . James laugh . Peter shake he head . the notion of commitment more private to he that to he more expansive uncle . Claire inadvertently glance at Peter , then she look out she window , a awkward , inward moment . int . maya' room - seminary - afternoon Maya 's tv be on , as usual . she snap open a bag of edamame soy nut , pop they into she mouth , while a light cigarette sit in the glass ashtray next to she . she eat and smoke alternately . foot up , sock on . Maya 's flipping through the Manhattan white page , look for the last time , kelson . int . television screen - afternoon caption have be flashed onscreen : peter kelson , author of vicious intent . Sally price be interview Peter kelson . int . maya' room - continuous Maya glance up and she can not believe what she read . take she a moment to pull it all in : maya oh my God ! intercut with tv screen as necessary . peter ... as a narcissist , he could not blame himself . he create the voice after the fact . Maya shove a pen between she tooth , while she tear off a sheet of paper . she immediately scribbles the name of the book on the tear piece of paper . as Maya look back up at the tv , a dart of interest . int . bookstore - afternoon a table showcase the current best - seller prominently feature Peter 's book , vicious intent . Maya reach in and pick up a copy . immediately flip to the jacket flyleaf at the back . read a moment and as she dos we see the bio : " bear in bedford , NY , a crime writer whose own parent be murder ... " Maya head to a payphone and dial . int . townsend house - afternoon intercut John townsend sit at he meticulously maintain piano , which be in sharp contrast to the otherwise rundown surroundings . the phone ring . townsend ( pick up ) hello ? maya I know who he be . townsend Maya ? what do you mean ? maya I will explain everything later . can you meet I tonight ? ext . bedford house - dusk it 's a large house . Peter pull up and honk . as he , James and Claire get out of the car , they walk past a old swing hang from a enormous tree . childhood remnant . expecting they , a man in he late 30 's wear heavy rimmed glass move out of the house . this be william , Peter 's brother , follow by he wife , susan . william about time , I be starve . he grab Peter in a bear hug . Peter look uncomfortable . and as he pull free , he collide inadvertently with a low hang tree branch . as it start to bleed , Peter suck on he lip . the swing move slightly in the b.g . claire I could use a drink . william I have get martinis on ice and I grab some good bottle from the cellar . int . dine room - night everyone except Susan troops into the dining room , where a impressive dinner await they . they take they place behind they respective chair . a routine . buzz of conversation . william hey , Peter , I miss you show . how would it go ? claire do not worry , we tape it . peter I do not think they get my best side . Susan move in , carefully balance a few ceramic platter and then she bend over the table , squeezing the last plate onto a huge wooden table already cover with plate of various food . then , she sit down herself . take a little breath . susan this be it . if you need anything else , get it yourself . william ( mock distress ) Susan , I do not see any salt . susan I love you , too . claire ( to Susan ) you know , I make a reservation at Marco 's for Peter 's birthday dinner , but maybe you should cater it . father jame what time do you make it for ? claire ( to Father James ) eight . that okay ? william by the way , I want you advice on what to get he . peter ( immediately to William , kind ) I do not want you spend any money on I . not right now . father jame ( to Peter ) Peter , in life , you should never deny the giver the pleasure of the gift . ( amused , to Claire ) all that year raise he . they seem to have have absolutely no effect . now William , at least he listen to I . william let 's eat already . Father James bow he head and immediately , the family follow . a signal , almost unconscious gesture know to everyone . they all look down except Peter . Claire give he a annoyed glance . father jame bless we , oh Lord , for this thy gift through they bounty through Christ we Lord . and a special bless for Peter and William 's mother , andrea , and they father , Jack , in whose memory we gather here every year . May they soul and the soul of the faithfully depart rest in peace . amen . a stark silence as Peter and William remember . Claire look at Susan . then : peter hey , will , remember that dream I use to have over and over again when I be little , about the bear and the mountain . you know , right after ... William nod " yes . " peter ( cont 'd ) ... well , you know , I really think the trial 's get to I , because I have be have this weird dream every night . only this time , of course , it 's much different ... everyone 's look at Peter . claire you never say anything to I ... peter it 's probably trivial . jame recurr dream be never insignificant . peter okay , I will tell you . I be read a book - I can not remember what the book be when I wake up - but I realize halfway through it 's something I have write . or will write . anyway , I get to the end of the book and I be feel very satisfied and I close the cover to read the title and it only say " x - e 's " . Three letter . for some reason , that make I feel great , and I wake up . claire ( look around at the silence table , hold back a smirk , a moment , then ) Peter , " x - e - 's " be " sex " spell backwards . more silence , then James burst out laughing . then Susan can not gold it back and then William . peter ( look around , big smile turn into laughter ) what can I say ? I be not a master of the obvious . and that send everyone into a uncontrollable fit of laughter and as they be all in various state of choke back hysterics , suddenly William 's laughing become seriously uncontrolled and then : William 's head involuntarily jerk backward , he eye begin to roll up . Susan be first to notice , while laughter continue in the b.g. and she leap to catch he . as William start to tip over backward in he chair , Peter then realize and together , Susan and Peter ease William onto the floor and turn he on he side . James grab a pillow from a armchair in the room , shove it under William 's head and ... as William 's epileptic attack wind down slightly , Susan look up at James : susan it 's be a long time since he last seizure . I guess we have get to adjust he medication again . int . seminary hallway - night the shadowy figure of Maya and John townsend can be see almost in silhouette . townsend and what be you think we should do now ? maya I have file a report with Father Frank . townsend a lot of good that will do . maya we need all the help we can get . townsend I have deal with this people before , Maya . they be not go to help we . maya we will see Father Frank in the morning . there 's nothing to be do until then . townsend ( on edge ) alright , Maya . we will do it you way . int . seminary chapel - night a troubled John townsend pray to God for answer . int . seminary office - early morning father frank , a sweet - face priest in he 40' , be confer with two church official . we track he as he exit the office and cross through to : int . altar - continuous a janitor polish the marble of the ornate altar . Father Frank enter and pause a moment to watch the man at work . father frank do not forget to polish the brass afterwards . ext . seminary garden - continuous the seminary have a small , plant , meditative garden , shoe horn in behind the rectory building . Maya sit on a simple wooden bench , she tiny cross glint off sunlight . her eye be close and she head be tilt up toward the sun . Maya snap out of she reverie , as Father Frank approach . father frank ( kind , but resolve ) Maya , the diocese have reject you report . and I must say , I agree with they . a jet roar overhead , deafening momentary noise . Father Frank look up a moment , then : father frank ( cont 'd ) ( comforting tone ) I do not mean to belittle you , but we have be through this before . Satan be not what you think he be . Satan be not some creature . maya you be not there . give I time to get some proof . father frank please , Maya . I be try to get we into the next century and you insist on this medieval nonsense . maya if you really believe in God , why be it so inconceivable that he enemy be just as real ? father frank Maya , for the last time , I will not tolerate this obsession . anxious , Maya rub she cross between a thumb and forefinger , distractedly . int . seminary stairwell - early morning Maya cross through the dim hallway and head up the stair . int . seminary bathroom - continuous a bright , clean bathroom with new fixture and fluorescent light . Maya come in , try to contain she frustration . turn the water on . she watch the water a moment . then put she hand in . cool on she wrist . splashes she face . maya ( despair ) stupid man . I can not do this ... at that moment , she hear something . it 's faint , but unmistakable - the sound of scraping metal on metal . then it stop . maya ( cont 'd ) hello ? no response . angle from above : Maya face all six stall . she walk to the first one , push open the door . it 's empty . she repeat this at the second stall , the third , the fourth , the fifth . all be vacant . now the last one . she pause just a second . the light hum . she push it open . it 's empty . disturb , she turn back to the sink and as she look down , the water flow instantly backwards , disappear up into the faucet . she turn back again , watch the room change from pristine to rotting decay . the stall behind she have change . the door be close again . they be batter , chip , scar . rusty water flow from underneath . she whirl around . on the stall directly behind she , the letter " X " " E " and " S " have be scratch into the metal in loose , flow script . at the same time , the light go dim . the hum be uneven , more menace . alarm , Maya close she eye , then open they . the vision remain . her breathe get lighter , faster . finger appear on the top of the stall door behind she . the door be pull open . a man in inside , wear hospital clothes . it 's Henry birdson . his eye bore into hers . he 's get a knife in he right hand . petrify , she stare back . maya ( cont 'd ) you be not real . he leer and nod , " yes I be . " he step toward she . every instinct in she body scream at she to run . but she stay put . and we hear a choked back breath and birdson slowly extend he knife , just inch from she face . closer to she face . then closer still . until the tip of the blade be slowly creep toward Maya 's eye . ecu of the tip of the blade , literally millimeter from she pupil . close painfully slow . Maya brace herself . ecu of the tip of the knife now only a hair away . angle on birdson . he smile . and thrust . she suddenly reach up and grab for the blade . the light " flare " horrifyingly bright for a split second . we hear a surreal distortion of Maya 's voice cry out . and " birdson " vanish . Maya 's look at a pristine bathroom , its unmark stall door pull tight . victorious but drain , she slump forward . int . lareaux be room - morning Inside Father lareaux 's spartan room at the seminary , lareaux lie in bed , he face turn towards the wall . he 's mumbling . Maya have pull herself together and sit by the bed with Father Jeremy and a irritate Father Frank . in the b.g. , John townsend be urgently riffling the book and papers on lareaux 's desk . most of which we see be about demonic possession . unknown to anyone , townsend slide two of the book under he coat . father frank ( to Maya ) leave he alone . Maya do not want to hear that . she lean closer . the full wound of she childhood press back into she eye . maya ( compassionately ) Father , it 's I , Maya . tu m'entend ? lareaux roll over and look at she . the change in he appearance be shocking . his eye be red-rimme and he expression be unfocus . lareaux ( with a nursery rhyme cadence ) ... the ark sink , the sun set , the ark sink again . maya Father , I be right here . lareaux ( like a child ) ... the ark sink , the sun set , the ark sink again ... he eye be wild . Father Frank turn to Maya . father jame he 's not go to respond ... Maya slowly back away . father frank the doctor 's concerned he may never come out of this dementia . maya he will . he have great faith . father frank but bad judgement . and now you see how dangerous the consequence can be . Maya move over to a silent John townsend . maya John . I have get to head back to the city . ( to Father Jeremy ) would you page I if there 's any change whatsoever ? ( Maya hurriedly write she pager number down for Jeremy ) anything , okay ? father jeremy ( under he breath ) I wish I could help . Maya smile sweetly at Father Jeremy . int . seminary hallway - morning Maya and townsend confer down the hall from lareaux 's room . townsend it 's useless ... look at he . maya you can not back out on I now . we need to be sure . townsend ( agitate ) sure of what ? who care if this guy be devoid of faith or sleep over a pentacle ? result be what lareaux would want . Maya stare intently at townsend . Father Jeremy approach from down the hall , aware of the tension between they . townsend ( cont 'd ) you do not want to face it . maya look , John , I be face it . townsend I be not wait until it 's too late . townsend walk away . father frank be he go to be okay ? maya I hope so . smash CUT to : ext . phone booth - day close on a list of name , all doctor . some have be cross off . and as we pull back , we see Maya 's on the phone on a bedford main drag and , as she dial , she pivot in the booth , anxious think process , a pencil be lob between two finger . suddenly , a voice over the phone . maya ( into phone ) hi , I would like to make a appointment for Peter kelson . as she wait , she pivot back around again . maya ( cont 'd ) no , he 's not a new patient . okay , thank you , bye . Maya cross off another doctor 's name from she list . drop in two more quarter , as several sit stack by the phone . Maya glance around . as she check she list , tapping out another number , she take a deep breath as she see a man walk he dog . the dog suddenly stop , squat and take a greasy shit right on the sidewalk . Maya can not believe it , want to say something but the line pick up : maya ( cont 'd ) ( refocus ) hi , I would like to make a appointment for Peter kelson . ( a beat ) no , he 's a return patient . you do not . thanks anyway . cross off another name . drop in two more quarter . tap out another number . Maya bend the silver phone cord distractedly , back and forth awhile , and as the line pick back up : intercut as necessary maya ( cont 'd ) ( rote ) hi , I would like to make a appointment for Peter kelson . receptionist kelson , hold on a second ... Maya wait anxiously as receptionist ( cont 'd ) okay , Mr. kelson have not be here in awhile ... a pause , while Maya listen , then , repeat . maya tomorrow . ten o'clock ? great . Maya hang up , circle a name and address on she list , and as she take off as we : int . bedford general practitioner - day Doctor 's Office . Formica reception desk . small wait room . few patient sit , read magazine , wait for they doctor . Maya walk in the door , move to the rectangular open at the check - in desk . Young receptionist , visibly pregnant , castor around to Maya , hand she the clipboard , standard procedure . maya ( take it in , but ignore it ) I do not know how to begin , by boyfriend ... ( look around , in whisper ) my ex-boyfriend . the last time we be together , he , shit ... Maya 's on the verge of tear . the receptionist know what 's come . maya ( cont 'd ) I take one of that home pregnancy test , but I do not want to tell he . I be rh negative . my blood type be negative ... ( start to cry ) if he 's rh positive , I will have to terminate . receptionist ( hand Maya kleenex ) how many week be you honey / maya thirteen . the last time , can you believe it ? this be how he say " Goodbye ? " receptionist ( register alarm ) you need he blood - type . like right away . maya ( ready to let receptionist connect the dot ) well I know he 's come here before . receptionist what 's he name ? maya ( carefully ) Peter ... Peter kelson . receptionist you just call ? maya ( sniffle ) I do not know what else to do ... a long moment , Maya 's anxiety increase , then : receptionist ( castor back to Maya ) you be in luck . say Peter kelson 's a ... ab negative . Maya have a moment of confusion as ... receptionist ( cont 'd ) two negative always make a positive . maya ( overjoy , huge smile ) oh , thank you , thank you so much ! int . bedford rectory - day Maya enter a small reception area . behind its counter sit a elderly deacon and a secretary . secretary May I help you ? maya yes , I have some question regard the baptismal record for one of we new constituent . secretary and the person 's name ? maya Peter kelson . ext . soho STREET - late afternoon we see the normal activity of a soho street . the camera pull back and into Peter 's office where see Peter work at he computer . int . peter' office - late afternoon it 's a writer 's domain . book everywhere . stack and shelve in a obvious order , by size and subject . there be also several silver and leather - frame photo of Peter and Claire with know literary celebrity . at the large granite and birch desk , a exhaust Peter switch off he computer . peter ( hit intercom ) Mrs. quintana , let 's go home . his secretary , mrs . quintana , appear in the doorway . she 's a strong - will latino in she forty . mrs . quintana I plan to . ( beat ) you want a tip ? peter lemme guess . the lottery . mrs . quintana sometimes I can just feel the number . peter you know what they say . you have the same chance of win whether you play or not . mrs . quintana you watch . one day , I will hit the jackpot , get the big house , car , clothes . I will have more money than God . she smile and exit . mrs . quintana ( cont 'd ) ( under she breath ) y yo tendre mis propria secretaria . snapping off the light in she office . and in the b.g. , the fragmentary sound of a party go on somewhere down the hall , in another office . a moment , then she outer office door slam . Peter go back to work at he desk . finish up . another moment and he hear Mrs. q 's door PRESS back OPEN . peter ( not look up ) what would you forget ? no response . Peter look up . he wait , then continue to put he thing away in preparation for leave . after a moment , he glance up to see maya stand in the doorway . she 's take pain to look attractive . her best clothes . she look great . a simple beauty . peter ( cont 'd ) ( startle ) May I help you ? maya Peter kelson ? peter ( observe everything about she ) yes ... and you be ? maya ( slightly flirtatious , gregarious ) I see you on television yesterday . you be brilliant . peter thank you . do you work in the building ? you come from the party ? Maya take the chair opposite Peter 's desk . he stand wait . a little put off by she forwardness . maya you say that malignant narcissism be not evil . peter not pure evil . that 's correct . maya and also that ... peter ( uncomfortable ) listen , I be sorry , but I be run late . maya that there be no such thing as evil with a capital " E . " peter not the most popular opinion , but yes . maya what if I tell you I be a malignant narcissist ? intrigue , Peter stop what he 's do and sit down . peter a narcissist do not admit it . it 's the extreme of self - denial . maya ( ignore Peter 's comment ) and I also believe in God and the Devil . in fact , I know they exist . peter well , by say that , you be acknowledge the existence of a higher power . which , to a narcissist , be impossible . maya I murder my parent , Mr. kelson . and while they deserve it , I still go to confession the follow Sunday . Peter lean back in he chair . Studies she carefully . do not really know what to say . peter ooooooh-kayyyyyy . maya in the end , the jury see it my way . peter well , then it all seem to be work out for you . listen , ms ...? maya do you remember Henry birdson ? the math professor who win the salwen Medal , then go home and kill he family ? peter ( irritate ) what 's that get to do with you ? maya last week the Catholic Church certified he as genuinely possess . you realize how rarely they make that ruling ? peter I do . maya a exorcism be just hold for birdson . it fail . disastrously . which mean there 's still a demonic spirit present in he body . ( then ) I be wonder , perhaps you would like to go meet Henry . he 's pretty amazing . peter I will bet . maya on television , you seem so sure of yourself . if you be really that confident , you would be willing to let someone prove you wrong ? peter the world would be so much simpler if it be all just about good and evil . unfortunately I find it much more slippery and elusive place . maya ( intrigue by Peter 's mind ) well , I think it 's very simple . here 's a tape of birdson 's exorcism . ( drop tape on Peter 's desk ) I will be at the Public Library . tomorrow at 2 ... if you want to meet he . Maya rise and head for the door . seductive . a certain power in she clarity . maya ( cont 'd ) I believe that murder and murderer be the most interesting prove ground for this kind of question . do not you ? Peter know he agree , but before he can respond , she 's go . smash CUT to : ext . peter' apartment build - early evening it 's a small , elegant building in chelsea . scaffold cover exactly half of the exterior . Building 's be sandblasted . constant grating noise . work area 's flood in artificial spotlight . int . lobby - continuous Peter walk past the building 's doorman , josef . Eastern european , mid -60' , formal and outwardly polite . josef nod a professional " good evening " to Peter who acknowledge josef as he continue toward the elevator . peter ( indicate noise ) great sound . how the hell do you live with that all day ? josef laugh politely , he like Peter . Peter press the elevator button and wait , stick he free hand in a pocket and as he pull out Maya 's tape , he remember as ... the bell to the elevator ding and the door slide open . Peter inspect the tape with some curiosity , then stuff it back into he pocket , momentarily lose in think . stepping into the elevator , he suddenly pull in a breath , startle . peter ( cont 'd ) Mrs. levotsky , jeez you ... his comment be direct at a impossibly - elderly woman , mrs . levotsky . she scowl as though this be the only expression she parent could afford for she . she hold she cane with she right hand , with she leave she try to balance she antiquated laundry cart . peter ( cont 'd ) let I help . but when Peter reach for the cart , she wave he off with a deepen in she scowl that we do not want to see get any deeper . the elevator door slide shut . int . hallway - continuous Peter put the key in he door , apartment 5 - a . glancing down the hall , he see Mrs. levotsky struggle toward she door . as she feel he stare , she turn slowly around and to Peter . mrs . levotsky what be you look at ? piss off , Peter shove the key into its lock and go in . int . peter' apartment - continuous it 's dark , except for refracted light from the building opposite . Peter flip on the interior light and we can see lot of money have be spend here ; the interior 's warm and tasteful . it 's eclectic , evolve . Works of art pepper the surroundings . a small , luminous aquarium sit by the entry wall . peter ( drop food into aquarium ) hi guy . ( call ) Claire ? no answer . int . peter' kitchen - continuous Peter head into the open kitchen . the flood light on the outside cast strange , distort shadow of people move . Peter reach down behind the refrigerator and fish out a pack of cigarettes . he turn on the vent over the stove and light up , blow the smoke directly up into the vent , tapping the ash directly down the sink drain . unseen by Peter , a cigarette ash drop and land on the stove . int . peter' live room - continuous Peter reappear a moment later , hold a bottle of beer . take off he jacket , lay it on top of the sofa . he move over to the CD player where he flip on some contemporary music . then he take a long swallow of beer and sit back down into the sofa . peter better . bump , bump , bump . Peter look up at the wall , irritate . peter ( cont 'd ) Mrs. levotsky , we really need to have a couple brews and talk one of this day . Peter take the remote to the CD , turn up the volume . close on : the light on the equalizer . they go from the middle range of green and yellow up to the orange and occasionally red , indicate the volume be push " complain . " in response , Mrs. levotsky bang on the wall a little harder . dissolve to : close on a luminous fly - fishing lure , with a black thread body and wing of transparent green and yellow fabric . it 's lock in a tiny vice , its barb hook shine . int . peter' live room Peter , all concentration , be bent over a magnify glass , use two tiny precision hook to wrap thread onto the lure . he 's at a table in the corner of the live room . a colorful collection of finish lure be display on he work area , below a watercolor of a man fly-fish . Peter get frustrated as he repeatedly try to hook a thread and miss . in the b.g. , a leather frame photo of Peter with he parent at a exquisite lake . Peter push himself back from the table . take a beat . walk over and pick up the tape Maya give he . he study it for a second . then he nap off the CD player , put the tape on the cassette deck and hit " play . " there 's no sound . he turn the volume way up . there 's a hum , but nothing else . annoy , Peter hit " forward , " then " play . " still nothing . he push the volume to the top . peter ( to himself ) what would you expect ? bam , bam , bam , bam , bam . smash CUT to : int . mrs . levotsky' apartment - night from this p.o.v. , the horrendous roar of birdson 's exorcism be hear . Mrs. levotsky raise she cane in desperation ... int . peter' live room from this p.o.v. , the tape continue to play soundlessly . Peter hear rapid pounding from Mrs. levotsky 's apartment . faster , more frantic . the picture on he wall shake violently . peter oh ... come on , lady ! give I a break ! Mrs. levotsky 's pounding continue for some time . finally end in a booming thud . Peter look up at the wall , wait , then smile . peter ( cont 'd ) Little cough syrup will do ya , eh , granny ? Peter bend down to snap off the tape , fail to notice that the light on the equalizer be pushing high into the red on all channel . he turn off the tape and put on a sonny rollins CD . the music begin at a ear - piercing volume . Peter scramble to turn it down , then flop back onto the sofa . int . peter' apartment - later the door click , then open . Claire move in carry bag of take - out . she see Peter doze on the couch . Claire kneel beside he , give he a kiss and Peter leap out of he sleep with a start . peter shi ... sorry , honey . I be have the weirdest dream . claire bad ? peter ( do not want to go over it ) weird . the book again . sex spell backwards ... claire I must really be slack off . hungry ? peter uh...sure ... i... what ? claire Sushi . int . kitchen - later Claire be clear she plate as Peter pick at the remain of a sushi dinner . Claire notice the cigarette ash Peter drop earlier , pick it up and smear the ash between she finger . she shoot a glance at Peter , but do not comment on she discovery . claire I can not believe it 's already start to get dark so early . peter hmmm . claire you know , there be a guy on the radio today try to explain why we be lose daylight . quark and dark matter , thing like that . even how daylight savings have catch up with we over the last hundred year and we universal watch be just fast , you know ? Claire look up , see Peter be lose in think . claire ( cont 'd ) Peter , where be you ? peter sorry . it 's just ... a strange woman waltze into my office today . tell I she murder she parent and can prove Satan exist . claire ( dismissive ) do she waltz in or fly on little bat wing ? peter ( unacknowledged ) say she can get I in to see this killer . claire now that you be on tv , you be a magnet for all the wackos out there . Claire see Peter 's think about it . claire ( cont 'd ) oh , Peter , you be go to pursue this . peter ( see she concern ) no . of course not . ( check out the food ) mmmm . anago . my favorite . int . interrogation room - day George viznick 's lawyer be seat at the table . he 's impatient . a door open . a manacle viznick be bring in by two guard . his orange prison jumpsuit be badly rip in back . a few bruise be visible on he torso . viznick stand impassively as he restraint be unlock . defense attorney George , come in . ( see he client ) what the hell happen to you ? viznick it 's nothing . defense attorney sure it be . if the guard do this , we can file charge . viznick not the guard . ( smile ) some of the prisoner be easily disturb . defense attorney you have to tell I who do it . viznick lean closer to the lawyer . viznick I can take care of myself . defense attorney I be gonna go make a stink . sit tight . I will make sure you get a change of clothes . the attorney exit . int . viewing room - day Peter and smythe enter a small room with a few chair . it 's dominate by a oversize , one - way window that allow they to look onto the adjacent interrogation room . a speaker system let they hear what 's go on , but they can not be hear . a guard enter with a replacement outfit . viznick stand passively as he restraint be unlock . int . interrogation room - day from this side , the window be a mirror . in its reflection , viznick be see peel off he clothes . int . viewing room - continuous peter seem George be not make too many friend in lockup . smythe yeah , look at that sweet face . you would never guess he kill nine people . I be gonna get my smoke . be right back . peter you be too old to smoke . wo not be able to shoot hoop with you grandkid . smythe give Peter a dirty look , ignore the advice , as he exit . Peter look back down at he note . guard # 1 ( o.s. ) what the fuck 's that ?! Peter look up and see the shocked Guard stare at viznick 's bare back . it 's cover by a enormous tattoo depict Christ hang upside down from the bottom of a cross , pin there by a nail through he foot . his dangle arm end in stump . his severe hand be still nail to the crossbar . the effect be horrific yet mesmerize . as Peter watch , viznick put on a shirt , cover the tattoo , and then sit with he back to Peter . the cop and guard exit . Peter move closer to the glass . peter ( contemptuous ) you do not fool I , georgie . viznick 's head tilt . ever so slowly , he turn around until he eye meet Peter 's . he smile . int . interrogation room viznick 's look at the mirror . his reflection look back . int . viewing room Peter 's throw . be he see what he think he 's see ? spook , he move three foot to he right . viznick 's stare follow he without hesitation . perplex , Peter move again and again , the killer continue to track he . peter what the hell ? Peter look up as smythe re-enter the view room . see Peter 's fear . smythe what 's the matter with you ? peter he 's look right at I . both man turn to face viznick , who be now gaze placidly a few inch to the leave . peter ( cont 'd ) he could see I . smythe ( offer Peter a cigarette ) I will quit , maybe you should start . a docile viznick pivot in he chair and yawn . peter maybe ... my imagination . Peter give smythe a short smile . ext . CITY STREET Peter cross the street from the police station . he step out between two park car and immediately into the path of a speed van . suddenly , a hand reach out , jerk he back . the van zoom by , miss Peter by inch . he look at he savior , it 's a cranky middle - age woman . cranky woman ( acerbic expression ) wake up ! Peter stare at she as she walk by . she turn , stick out she tongue at he . int . elevator - later Peter ascend . the button for the fifth floor be illuminate . the elevator chime . he look up and see the elevator stop on the fourth floor . he step back to make room . it 's Claire . claire hey , what be you do here in the middle of the day ? peter forget my car key . what be you do on the fourth floor ? claire I space out . peter well , it 's a nice surprise . should I hit the " stop " button ? he lean in and give she a sexy kiss . ext . new york public library - day Maya 's wait . a group of japanese tourist include several woman in kimonos , a group of Catholic school girl in uniform and a mount policeman be part of the street scene . Maya stamp out she cigarette as Peter pull up . int . range rover - day as they take off , Peter motion to he cupholder , where two coffee sit securely . maya ( pick up coffee ) thanks . I be glad you come . take the williamsburg Bridge . as Maya glance over at Peter , she 's slightly fascinate . Peter remain reserve , but polite . maya ( cont 'd ) so ... what do you think of the tape . peter I think you give I the wrong one . maya ( carefully ) what do you mean ? peter ( slightly irritate ) it be blank . nothing on it . you give I the wrong one . Maya take a sip of coffee to conceal she shock . maya you be sure ? there be nothing ? peter I cranke it all the way up . nothing but hum . Maya 's unnerve . Peter see it . peter ( cont 'd ) so what would I miss ? maya ( cover well ) you be right . I must have make a mistake . ext . parking lot Maya and Peter be walk towards the entrance . she 's touch the cuff of she sleeve . int . hospital corridor Peter and Maya turn the corner and approach the door to birdson 's room . a orderly be walk with they . orderly should not we wait for the doctor ? maya I be sure she will not mind . ( be : the door ) it 's not lock ? orderly not necessary ... anymore . int . birdson be room - day Maya and Peter enter the room . follow by the orderly . a motionless birdson lie on he bed . eye close . his body curl backwards at a horribly severe angle and he arm be wrap tightly around he torso . he 's a gruesome sight . a iv tube be tape to he wrist and a eeg be attach to he head . the brain wave monitor indicate no activity . peter Jesus . a beam Dr. Allen walk in . she 's a little starstruck . dr . allen Mr. kelson , what a pleasure to meet you . I have to say you instinct about the criminally insane be impeccable . I be a fan . peter quite a compliment come from you , doctor . Dr. Allen realize Maya 's beside he . dr . allen ( to Peter ) when you secretary call , she make no mention of she come , too . peter ( glance at Maya ) my secretary ? dr . allen you be aware that this woman be party to the so-called exorcism . peter no , I be not , actually . dr . allen you should know I never feel Mr. birdson need anything but professional psychiatric care . and then , minute after they leave , he suffer a stroke . he 's comatose . no brain wave activity at all . Dr. Allen adjust birdson 's iv unit , re-taping a already swollen hand . peter so you do not believe he condition be the result of anything supernatural ? dr . allen of course not . they put he through severe mental stress . cause this aneurysm . maya Dr. Allen , could you please tell Mr. kelson what you hear as you try to enter Mr. birdson 's room ? dr . allen ( ignore Maya ) I certainly hope you be not lend any credence to this . maya ( aggressive ) what do you hear ? Peter look at Dr. Allen questioningly . dr . allen the patient be in great distress . naturally he be ... yell . maya and be he in distress when you open the door ? or be he sit here , relaxed , at this table ? dr . allen ( calmly ) there be a medical explanation for everything that happen . maya ( boring in ) you hear voice , you know you do . there 's a silence in the room . Dr. Allen stare at Maya . orderly it sound like a hundred people to I . Maya , Peter and Dr. Allen turn and look at the orderly . Peter 's shocked by the orderly 's admission . glance back at Dr. Allen . dr . allen I have already say , Mr. birdson be agitate . Victor , why do not you go and check on the patient in room 5 . her tone be frighteningly friendly . the orderly leave . Peter look at Maya , then Dr. Allen . peter ( curious ) just describe it to I , the scene , when you come back . as Peter speak , Maya have a uncomfortable feel . she turn and see birdson staring at her . eye wide open . above he , the monitor 's still show no brain wave activity . he grin at she . maya oh my God ! Peter and Dr. Allen turn quickly - as birdson snap he eye back shut . maya ( cont 'd ) he just wake up . he 's awake . what they see be a motionless man in exactly the same position as before . the monitor 's still show nothing but steady , horizontal wave . Dr. Allen shake she head at Maya 's outburst . dismissive of she altogether and then to Peter . dr . allen I be surprised at you , Mr. kelson . and now I be afraid I be go to have to ask the two of you to leave . int . range rover Peter drive out the hospital gate . Maya 's with he . the radio be on . Peter 's angry . peter where do you get off pretend to be my secretary ? maya I have to . peter and this be evil ? the guy have a aneurysm and now he 's in a coma . maya that 's they explanation . you might not believe I ... peter well , why should I ? ( beat ) alright , what 's you name , where do you live , when do you kill you parent ? Maya do not answer . Peter stop at a red light . a pick up truck full of teenager with a young girl at the wheel , radio blasting soul music , pull up next to they . Maya use the moment to get out and walk quickly away . Peter watch she go for a moment , then stare at she paper coffee cup , pick up he cell and dial a number . peter ( cont 'd ) detective smythe ? ( beat ) hey , Mike , it 's Peter . could you pull some print off something for I ? int . elevator - night Peter ride the elevator in he building . it stop and he get off . int . peter' apartment - moment later Peter enter the live room . claire ( o.s. ) in here . Peter move into the bathroom . Claire 's sit in front of a mirror . her hair 's up in a smooth twist , and all she 's get on be a bathrobe . we note a photograph of Peter 's mother sport a similar hair style on the dresser . claire ( cont 'd ) so , guess which stylist just get this month 's " elle " cover ? Peter run a hand through he hair . peter ( half -heartedly ) you be amazing . Claire smile , in she own world . claire hurry up , you do not want to be late . dissolve to : int . plush HOTEL - night a glitter italianate chandelier . as we look down we see : Men in black tie and woman in high fashion chic form a mosaic of money and power beneath the chandelier 's blaze light . a lavish publisher 's party be underway in the hotel 's ballroom . in one corner , a crowd hover around Peter and Claire , the quintessential perfect couple . she 's in a dramatic skintight dress . he look great in the latest tux . adrenaline buzz of admiration have soothed Peter , but he 's still distract . Claire , however , be she outgo self . William in a rent tux and Susan , in a modest gown , hang on the edge of the golden crowd . a jade young man be lead the conversation . young man do you hear how the time zinge Paul guenette 's new book ? they say " he write for the age - between five and twelve . " everyone enjoy that remark . a gorgeous woman name lauren move closer to Peter , flirt . lauren I see you on the news . but I think you be even better live . claire ( interrupt ) he be . by the way , lauren , do you ever finish you book on tattoo art ? I hear you publisher want he advance back . lauren ( cold ) that 's not true . second young woman I think Rhonda Huston 's assistant be just make a editor at s&s . second young man the guy with the weird fingernails ? imagine look over galley with he . young man so , Peter , how crowded be the field now ? there be , what , seven book in the off about the viznick case ? peter yeah , but no one have the access I have get . lauren be it true the cop use a psychic ? second young woman I see a psychic once . some of this guy be definitely for real . second young man oh , really ? I drop $ 250 on a session once and they guy do not get a thing right . young man and you , Peter ? where do you stand ? peter wherever there 's room . Peter feel a tap on he shoulder . a waiter serve hor d'oeuvre be stand there . peter ( cont 'd ) none for I , thanks . the waiter wipe the frame and as he do , John townsend be reveal , bead of sweat glisten on he brow and a gun in he hand . townsend ( whisper ) God will forgive I , the time of transformation be so near . he point it at Peter 's face . Peter be in shock . everything around he seem to blur , except the gun float a few foot away . but townsend hesitates , obviously conflict . and suddenly , the woman to Peter 's leave scream . the waiter 's tray go fly . with astonish speed , William fling himself onto townsend . they both go down . a shot ring out . pandemonium . scream & shouting . Peter see that William have townsend in a brutal headlock . townsend look panicked , helpless . Peter be pull back , as the two man disappear beneath a swarm of other body . int . ballroom - night the enormous room be empty . all the guest be go . the uneaten food and overturn chair testimony to they hasty departure . Peter , Claire , Susan and William be sit in a semi-circle . smythe walk over . peter thanks for handle this . smythe sure thing . look , I have get enough , between you preliminary statement and all the witness account . you can go home . ( to Peter ) gimme till morning . find out who he be . until then , do not sweat it , huh ? just you random bad cheese try to hole you . claire well say . smythe colloquialism 101 . my only " a " in the Academy . Peter stand and pat smythe on the back . peter thanks again for everything . smythe hey , do not thank I . somebody up there like you . Peter look at William , then hug he in a powerful embrace . peter ( move ) will , this be ... william it 's okay . they smile , exhaust . susan can we please leave now ? ext . lobby - peter' apartment build - night Peter and Claire exit a limo . the scaffold be still in place but the worker be go . josef push open the door for Peter and Claire . josef good evening , Mr. kelson . miss Claire . int . lobby Peter and Claire enter the lobby . josef ( urgent ) I want to tell you ... you neighbor , Mrs. levotsky , she 's dead . Peter and Claire be both catch off guard . claire what ? that 's horrible ! peter what happen ? josef ( enjoyably ghoulish ) apparently she kill herself sometime last night . ( confidentially ) the paramedics tell I she hang herself . climb up on she dresser , stock around she neck , but I do not know . she be completely rheumatoid ... ( realize he 's speak with too much relish ) it 's a shame . anyway , though you should know . Peter 's stunne and now completely unnerve . peter yeah , I appreciate it . thanks , josef . claire ( frighten ) when do they find she ? josef a few hour ago . Claire 's blow away by the night 's event . int . peter' hallway - continuous Peter have slowed to look at the yellow police cordon , as Claire move on into they apartment . int . peter' kitchen a bit later , Peter and Claire , both still shake , sit across from a relieved Father James , drink coffee . father jame it 's moment like this that make it clear . all that matter be that we love be with we . Peter 's touch . he pat James on the shoulder . claire I be still shaking . peter I can not believe will kill he . claire thank God he do . Claire stand , exhaust . she bend down , kissing Peter on the cheek , only because James be there , and then she give Peter a sweet hug . claire ( cont 'd ) ( deeply feel ) I do not know what I would do without you . Peter hug she tightly . a emotional moment . claire ( cont 'd ) I be go to bed . do not be long . Claire exit . James look at Peter , see the night 's event have take they toll . father jame what be it ? peter something he say , just before ... father jame he speak to you ? peter yeah . it do not make any sense . father jame listen to I , Peter . you can not let the raving of a madman disturb you , okay ? peter you be right , but it 's funny . all my life I think I be simply a man who do not believe in any of it . father jame no matter , my son , he believe in you . peter but it 's true . I have no faith . it 's strange . when that gun be point at my face tonight , I be surprised , but never frighten . it be as if I know nothing could possibly happen to I and ... in that one moment I do not care about anything . not eve my own life . father jame Peter . you life must matter to you because it matter to all of we who love you . peter you know , I respect that you have such faith , James . I do not understand it , but I want you to know that despite we difference , I admire you and I always will . Father James stand and clap he hand on Peter 's shoulder . father jeremy I appreciate you say that . I be gonna go now . I believe you be want elsewhere . int . maya' room - early morning Maya be make coffee in a drip pot on a hot plate . there be a soft knock on the door . maya come in . Father Jeremy enter and shut the door behind he . father jeremy his faith waver . he try to shoot kelson last night . I do not know all the detail . maya be anyone else hurt ? father jeremy I do not know . I do not think so . a curious conflict of emotion pass across Maya 's face - sadness couple with relief . she sit heavily on the bed . father jeremy ( cont 'd ) be careful , Maya . ext . manhattan - morning the hustle and bustle of a typical weekday morning . as Peter cross the street , near he office , suddenly a messenger on a bicycle skid and fall . the Messenger 's on the ground , crash , he mail everywhere . immediately Peter move to help he up , grab a arm , try to collect the spill envelope . all the morning pedestrian step over or around the mess , in typical New York fashion . the embarrassed Messenger thanks Peter , ad - lib , and we ... int . peter' office Peter 's type at he computer . he be surround by newspaper clipping , interview transcript and other research relevant to the viznick trial . his printer jam . as he move to fix it , the intercom blink . peter yeah . mrs . quintana it 's detective smythe . Peter pick up . peter what 's up ? smythe ( o.s. ) how're you doin ' today ? peter ( tough ) it 's another day . I think I be alright . smythe ( o.s. ) you get the right attitude , anyway , look , we gotta talk . ext . police station - day smythe exit the building just as Peter approach . smythe I be feed up inside , let 's walk . Peter and smythe take a walk down the street . smythe stop a moment at a outdoor vendor . buy a hotdog . smythe ( cont 'd ) we trace this guy to a seminary in Newark . if you can believe it , he be a deacon . ( shifting a file under he arm ) talk to the man in charge there , a Father Frank page . he say the gunman , John townsend , be catch up in some nonsense about the Devil , along with a priest name lareaux and a woman name Maya larkin - the same woman whose print be on that coffee cup . now can I please get the fill ? smythe lick a mouthful of mustard just ready to drip , then take a huge bite off he dog . peter she come to I with a wild story about demonic possession . smythe ( hand Peter Maya 's file ) she 's get a juvenile record from New Orleans . Parents die when she be 13 . peter Parents die ? smythe yeah , murder-suicide . peter what happen ? smythe mother kill the father , then kill herself . crime of passion . peter she tell I she kill they . smythe not what the record show . anyway , she be a runaway , arrest for vandalism , petty theft , drug , the whole bit . parole record show she graduate from community college , move into a retreat house , teach some class at the seminary school , have not be in any trouble since . smythe finish he hot dog and chuck the wrapper into a nearby can . smythe ( cont 'd ) we haul she in earlier but do not have anything hard to tie she to townsend . Far as the priest go , he will not be bother you . suffered a complete mental breakdown , during - get this - during a exorcism . peter where be she now ? smythe have to let she go . ( beat ) I see you thinkin ' there , superstar . do not . ext . range rover - day Peter drive into the lincoln tunnel . two man stand outside the entrance , argue . as Peter pass , they begin fight . smythe ( v.o. ) I be sure I do not have to remind you she 's still a possible accessory to attempt murder ... int . classroom - day Maya stand before a roomful of child . she hold a over size picture of a hat . the CLASS Le chapeau . maya tres bien . smythe ( v.o. ) ... and the obvious , you could get another gun in you face . next be a picture of a dog . the CLASS Le Chien . peter ( v.o. ) do not worry , I will not go anywhere near she . the door to the hall be abruptly flung open . Peter stride in . Maya see he anger . peter ( cont 'd ) ( harsh ) we need to talk . maya Peter , please ... Peter 's over belligerence scare the child . peter now ! he motion towards the door . Maya turn to the class . maya Children , I will be right back . just stay in ... Peter grab she and escort she to the door . maya ( cont 'd ) ( unconvincing smile ) ... you seat . be right back . do not worry . and as she 's pull into the hall , we see : int . school hallway - continuous Maya , still hold the brightly color vocabulary picture , stand with Peter in the hallway . opposite she in the hall , be a window , and to the leave , a old radiator with chip enamel paint . next to the wall be a plain wooden bench . Maya stand with she back to she classroom door . she continually check on she kid through a window in the door . peter ( really piss off ) last night a guy name John townsend try to shoot I and now I find out you know he . what the fuck be go on ? maya please , the child . Peter move in close , crowd she against the wall . peter ( lowering he voice ) why do he try to kill I ? maya ( look at classroom ) townsend believe , just as God become man in Christ . ( Maya turn back to Peter ) so Satan will assume human form . I believe it too . Peter grab the picture out of she hand and pitch they into the hall . peter and the point be ? maya at the exorcism , birdson boast that Satan be about to take over the body of a man . ( long pause ) you be that man , Peter . peter what ?!?! maya it 's true . birdson know you name , he be write it in numerical code . it be not easy but I figure it out . it spell you name . peter ( sarcastic ) why do not birdson just say so ? maya if you be possess , you can not reveal anything Satan want hide . unless you trick he . peter ( now completely unimpress ) trick he . maya the good outwit the bad . it 's like birdson have a split personality . peter ( he 's have it ; laugh ) you should think about get professional help . maya you be already contaminate . it 's why you could not hear the tape . there 's probably a pentacle near you bed . to sanctify you . peter I be not go to be draw into this . maya I know this sound crazy . I understand . check you parent ' blood type . be you sure you parent be you birth parent ? peter my parent be dead . do not even think of bring they into this . the school bell ring . within second , the hallway be flood with kid and teacher . a smile Father Frank stop out of a classroom . as he see Maya and Peter down the hall , he face darken . he start towards they . maya ( move to Peter ; whisper ) you be about to become the anti-christ who be bear unholy and become the door to eternal suffer in this world . peter ( piss off at himself now ) if you or any of you lunatic friend ever come near I again ... Peter notice Father Frank move up on Maya and take off . ext . STREET - outside seminary - day a angry Peter walk to he Range Rover . the wind be up and it have start to rain . Peter 's under -dress , hunching he shoulder against the element . he 's park a distance from the seminary . as he begin a slow jog to he car , the rain begin to come down a bit harder . suddenly , Peter slip on the wet pavement and fall , scraping he hand . a moment , while he get he bearing and then he pick himself up , the rain now shoot down the side of he face . int . maya' room in the seminary - continuous a anxious Maya sit at she desk . suddenly , there 's a hard knock on the door and Father Frank enter . Maya look up , unprepare . father frank I have have it . townsend 's dead . the police be call and now I see you have a scene in front of the child . I be sorry , Maya , you have be with we for many year , but effective immediately , I be rescind you right to live at the church . maya Father , I have nowhere else to stay . father frank you have a sister in New Orleans . Maya look up at he , but Father Frank 's out the door . int . father lareaux be room - continuous Father lareaux sleep quietly , quasi fetal . Maya move to the room soundlessly . a renew sadness stab she at the sight of lareaux . she study he a moment , then cup he face in she hand . slight disturbance in lareaux 's body , like a child 's startle reaction . Maya let go and leave as quietly as she come . int . italian restaurant - day upscale . Claire and Peter at lunch . Peter be clearly agitate . his clothes be still wet and pretty wrinkle . Claire look at he with tenderness . peter I be gonna have to get a restrain order . what a nightmare . claire I do not know . in a way , I be glad it all happen . Peter look at she skeptically , a little piss off . peter you be glad somebody try to kill I ? claire ( nervous about confront he ) no , of course not , but I think now that this have happen , a lot of thing can start to come out ... peter ( still piss ) yeah , like ... claire ( come on a little stronger ) like you need to admit that lose you parent when you be twelve be traumatic . peter ( unafraid ) it 's with I all the time , Claire , I just do not like to talk about it . claire well , it shattered you faith in everything . peter ( try to lighten it ) I be just temporarily off my game . claire ( boring in ) you need to believe in something besides yourself . peter I believe in you . a moment where Claire hesitates , then she decide to let herself be flatter . claire ( lean in , close to Peter ) I love you . you look a mess . why do not you go home and clean up before you go back to work . Claire kiss Peter , brief but deep , as she gulp in a short gust of air . outside the rain have stop as Claire get up , take off for work without he . ext . STREET - outside seminary - day Maya be sit on a iron bench outside the playground . a shoulder bag with some of she belonging lay beside she . she stand , pick up she sack and walk across the street to a small diner . int . diner - day it 's warm , crowded and noisy . waitress banter with longtime customer about the up and downs of everyday life . Maya enter in a state of complete distress . she sit at the counter next to a mother and she little girl . they drink and sandwich be spread out everywhere . the little girl cusp she hand around a tall glass of milk . she wear black patent shoe , a red jacket , hood attach . Maya bow she head and cover she eye . she 's lose it ... maya ( whisper ) I can not do this anymore . the little girl , about 4 year old , tug on Maya 's sleeve . little girl you have to put you napkin in you lap . mother ( embarrassed ) gina ! Maya look at the solemn little girl . maya ( to she mother ) it 's okay . ( she put she napkin in she lap ) better ? mother I be sorry , she 's very into rule . little girl do not you daughter put she napkin in she lap ? maya ( softly ) I do not have a daughter . I be not marry . little girl be not you lonely ? mother okay , gina , that 's enough . Maya see the little girl want a answer . move , she bend close and whisper in she ear . maya I have someone who take care of I . she pull back . the little girl look up at Maya reprovingly . little girl ( cruelly ) but he 's dead . Jesus be dead . and then she smile at Maya , a wick smile . Maya look at the little girl , and then at she mother . the mother 's eye be sparkling with malice . the room begin to warp and distort . and we hear a choke back breath . horrify , Maya quickly turn in she chair and face away from the vision , praying silently with eye close . after a moment , she open she eye . the room look normal again . in the reflection of the mirror across the counter she see that the two seat next to she be empty , the utensil untouched . sigh with relief , she turn back . but the little girl and she mother be still there . the mother 's face suddenly look elongate , she eye move too close together and she nose disappear . a frightening distortion , but momentary . and the little girl 's smile widen with spite . little girl ( cont 'd ) you be so weak . with a loud , frighten cry , Maya sweep she arm out , knock all the nearby glass , utensil and dish to the floor with a tremendous crash . milk bleed over the counter . all eye turn to she . distraught , Maya see the little girl and the mother be go . she grab she bag and run out the diner . int . peter' apartment - day it 's quiet , shadowy . the aquarium have begin a slow leak and a small puddle of water have pool beneath it . Peter enter . he notice the water on the floor . he go into the bedroom . int . peter' bedroom - day the ledge of the building across the way can be see from Peter 's window . a woman be move near the ledge , set out a grouping of pot geranium . from downstairs , a shaft of light be visible . Peter change he clothes then , he feel the scrape on he hand . look at it . as he move to the bathroom . wash he hand and as he do so , he check he reflection in the mirror . stare at himself a moment , then stick out he tongue . check it . and then dry he hand , move back to the bedroom , carry he towel with he . Peter glance at he bed a moment . half -amuse , he lean over and check behind the picture hang above the headboard . nothing . then , he bend down , check under the bed . again , nothing . then , he move to a bedroom closet , pull down a black and gray speckle file box . Inside , a series of newspaper clipping , graphic photo . yellow with age , on of which fall on the bed , title , " unsolved brutal murder . " Peter riffle past the clipping to the coroner 's report . he speed read it , until he get to he parent ' blood type : " andrea kelson - a negative . " Jack kelson - o positive . " Peter stare at the information . confused by what it 's suppose to mean . then , he pull on a turtleneck sweater , ready to go back out . peter this be ridiculous . Peter exit the bedroom and step back towards the live room , carry the towel . int . peter' live room Peter pass through to he front door throw he towel on the puddle of water . int . secretary's ante room - peter' office - day Peter walk in , eyeball Mrs. quintana 's desk . mrs . quintana good of you to stop by . peter ( breezy ) we millionaire yet ? int . peter' office - day Peter enter to find Michael . Peter size up the man who 's casually study Peter 's personal desk photo . michael umm , melvin szabo , this be Peter kelson . Peter , this be the psychic . the stranger look up . he 's young and cocky , with thick glass . he 's hold a picture of Peter with he parent . peter ( to melvin ) I would appreciate it if you would put that back . melvin you be the young of two ... he put down that photo and pick up one of Claire , as Peter walk over to he chair and a position of more control . melvin ( cont 'd ) ( indicate Claire ) you be afraid of commit to this girl . Peter grab one of he pen and begin roll it between he finger . melvin ( cont 'd ) but she worship you . you mother 's dead but you father 's alive . peter nothing you could not find out from read the papers . and you be already wrong on one count . melvin viznick will get off and Michael 's get a crush on you . Michael look alarmed . Peter notice he pen be leak all over he hand . peter you know what ? you can go . melvin suit yourself . but do this mean anything to you ? melvin pick up a pen and write " X - e-s " in florid script on a pad . he hold it out for Peter 's inspection . Peter be rattle . melvin ( cont 'd ) you do know , do not you . that this be also number . Greek number , 600 , 60 and 6 - or 666 . the sign of the Devil . peter get out of here . melvin ( pleasantly ) Goodbye . he stick out he hand and grab Peter 's . his expression change from one of amused disdain to fascinate curiosity . melvin ( cont 'd ) wait a minute ... his arrogance melt away . melvin 's face tighten . a shudder of fear pass through he . melvin ( cont 'd ) ( strangle gasp ) God will forgive I ... the time of transformation be so near . but the voice be that of John townsend . peter ( really shake ) get the fuck out of here ! int . NYC STREET - day high angle on : Peter stand in the middle of the sidewalk as the wind violently whip at he jacket . he gaze upward to the mute , gray sky . finally he lower he eye . he see something that anger he . ext . catholic church - day a sprawling Catholic church stand before he . Peter regards it with wrath . he push open the door and try to enter , but a group of lithuanian parishioner push past he , block he way . a priest call a farewell . lithuanian priest ( o.s. ) ( in lithuanian ) see you all next week ! the entry finally clear , Peter go inside . int . catholic church - continuous it 's dark , forbid . the priest exit around a corner . Peter look at the vast and spacious altar . above it be a enormous wooden crucifix . Peter move down the aisle toward the altar . ecu the sorrowful face of the Christ figure look down on Peter with pity . the body hang , gaunt , wrack with pain . the wrist pierce by nail , the foot cruelly hammer together . Peter stop at the first pew . he look up at the crucifix . defiant . peter go ahead , do something . show I . he wait . for a split-second , there 's a pristine silence . then the sound of the wind rise in the church . with that , the right wrist shatter with a noise like a rifle shot . freed from one of its support , the heavy wooden Christ slam forward at a awkward angle . the other wrist snap in two . for a second , the Christ figure tremble . then , with a sicken sound , the entire wooden body fall forward , swing sideways and plummet down . Peter do not want to look . the figure be now hang upside down , hold only by the brace at its foot . above it , each hand remain pin to the cross . it 's a exact copy of viznick 's tattoo . int . birdson be room - day birdson 's eye open . ext . catholic church Peter stagger outside , dodging two dog fight , a vicious noisy battle on the rectory lawn . and in the b.g. , a homeless man take a piss into a rivulet of white liquid . Peter walk in a daze , pull he car key from he pocket . ext . CITY street - day Peter 's car move through traffic , drive slowly , erratically . he scrape a park car , but do not stop , corner poorly , almost hit a pedestrian . ext . STREET outside seminary - day Peter pull up in he Range Rover across the street from the playground . he get out of he car and cross the street . as Peter walk closer , he see Maya . she 's sit on a swing , look off into space , rock ever - so-slightly back and forth , a pile of smoke , crush cigarettes and she shoulder bag at she foot . ext . playground - day stand beside Maya be a agitate day - care worker . they conversation be faintly audible . across the yard , a second day - care worker be shepherd the last of the kid back inside the center . the child be carefree and rambunctious , unaware of the adult drama take place around they . day - care worker go on , get they inside ! ( sympathetically to Maya ) look , you do not have a job here anymore . they want you to leave . close on Maya 's face . she 's devastate . in the b.g. , a young girl do a triple on the roll bar . Three girl and one boy compete for distance on the monkey bar . the latino Boy and one of he friend laugh and break free from the line head back to the school . they circle back toward Maya and swoop by she , wave exuberantly , then return to the line and go into the school . the day - care worker follow they as : Peter walk through the gate . he walk fast toward Maya , who see he come , from a distance . Maya continue rock ever so gently on she swing . Peter put out he hand and stop it . stare at she , scared . peter ( lose ) I do not understand what 's go on . maya there 's no reason why you should . ( tell he as gently as possible ) this have be plan from you birth . you fit all the criterion that we know of . never baptize , bear of incest , devoid of faith ... peter but I be baptize . and I certainly be not bear of incest . maya you be not baptize . at least I do not believe it be Christian . you baptism be perform by you uncle , James McKenzie . peter yes , I know . maya the only baptism he ever perform in seven year as pastor at bedford . peter so what ? maya Seven year . one baptism ? he 's you mother 's only brother peter yes . Maya stare at Peter . maya do you know you parent ' blood type ? peter I look at the coroner 's report . my father 's o positive and my mother ... a negative . maya ( take this in a gasp of air ) Peter , you blood - type be ab negative . there 's no way you birth father can be o positive . you father be not who you think he be . peter ( really shake ) so ... then the coroner 's report be probably wrong . I mean ... this be ridiculous . there 's be a mistake . I do not believe any of this . maya then why be you here ? that silence Peter . he sit heavily in the swing next to she . maya ( cont 'd ) Peter , I believe you baptism be pervert . look at you certificate . you mother be the only witness to it . you blood - type do not match who you think you father be . Peter ... I be sorry . peter ( desperate ) and if what you be say be true , what would happen to I ? maya I do not know . ( beat ) I do know that people who be possess have to accept evil in some way . I do not know if it work the same way in this instance . I do not even know when it 's go to happen . Peter look at Maya for solace , but there be none . he glance away , run a hand through he hair and ... peter when townsend try to kill I , he say something strange like ... ( struggle to remember ) " the time of transformation be near ... " maya ( put something together ) townsend , he have some of Father 's book . ext . route 23 - night as night fall , the Range Rover move out of the suburb and deeper into the countryside . there 's a bright moon . the highway be a ribbon of silver . ext . rural road - later that night they car pull up to a dirt driveway . border by sagging fence , the mail box read " townsend . " at the end of the driveway be a two -story , weather - beat farmhouse with a garage . there be no light on . Maya say a silent prayer and steel herself . ext . front of townsend house - continuous the ground floor window be shutter . Maya try the front door . it 's lock . Peter walk to the end of the porch , look for another entrance . Maya look at the door , then jam she elbow through a small pane of glass next to the doorknob , break it . peter ( inward smile at Maya ) okay . int . front hall - night Peter and Maya enter the dark hall . Peter reach for a light switch and flip it on . they see a hallway in front of they , stair to the right and live room off to the leave . for a moment , they stand in silence . Peter open a closet door , glance inside . peter what be you look for exactly ? maya the book themselves or maybe some page he rip out . Maya walk into the live room . int . live room - continuous the furniture be shabby and wear . there 's a batter sofa , a new tv and a coffee table . Maya go to the table and quickly look through a pile of magazine . Peter enter and make a fast tour of the room . Maya gesture towards the entrance of a adjacent room . maya in here . int . library - night Maya turn on a stand lamp . this room look more promise . there 's a old piano in one corner . on one wall be two bookshelve . and next to a set of wooden chair be a small read table . Maya start scan the row of book . Peter be immediately draw to the table where he see new copy of he book . chill , Peter turn to Maya . peter he 's get all my book . Maya look over at Peter . maya we need to know all we could . peter I be go to look around . int . hallway - night Peter cross the hallway into the dining room . int . dine room the room 's dominate by a long wooden dining table , cover with a chintz tablecloth . the window shutter be open and moonlight stream in . Peter try the light switch . it do not work . he walk around the room - and be spook by a glimpse of movement . it 's he own reflection in a mirror . he see a closet door and open it . Inside , it 's totally dark . he pull a hang cord . a light go on revealing a small pantry fill with can goods , foodstuff . Peter go to the other side of the pantry and open another door . int . library - night Maya continue to comb through the bookshelve . int . kitchen Peter step into a dingy kitchen . a dirty coffee cup and a plate sit on the counter near the sink . at the other end of the kitchen , past the refrigerator , be a door lead outside . Peter approach the door , glance through the window . he then turn and walk through a doorway . int . back hallway - night Peter stand at the base of the rear staircase . as he start to ascend the stair . peter ( call out ) I will be upstairs . int . library Maya be flipping through Peter 's book . suddenly , she hear the tread of footstep overhead . it startles she . maya ( reassure herself ) Peter ... she put down the book and turn around . surveying the room , she see a entrance to the hallway that service the master bedroom . int . hallway Maya walk through the hall towards the open door of the master bedroom . she go in . int . master bedroom - continuous a antique oak bed dominate the room , with two suitcase lie on top . the place be a mess - clothes strewn everywhere . there 's a roll - top desk in the corner with some book and papers on it . one of townsend 's jacket be drape on the desk chair . on the opposite wall be a door that 's open just a crack . the interior of a bathroom be visible on the other side . the door have a smoky , opaque window build into its top half . Maya start sifting through the papers on the desk . she can hear Peter 's footstep move slowly above she . and the sound of door open . she open the desk drawer . the first one be stuff with bill . the second have checkbook , bank statement . the third be stick shut . Maya kneel down to get better leverage . from this perspective , we can see the open door to the dark hallway behind she ... she pull and pull again . as the drawer pop open , a shadow fall across she . she whirl . reverse it 's Peter . peter not much upstairs a couple of empty bedroom and a bathroom . anything here ? Maya look at the content of the drawer . it 's full of Christian literature . maya nothing yet . peter I will go outside and take a look in the garage . Maya nod . Peter exit the room . she hear he footstep fade away and a door slam . as she stand up , she knock townsend 's jacket off the chair . a book fall out of a pocket . it 's on of the book townsend take from lareaux 's room . Maya open it . ecu tiny , cryptic notation be scrawle in the margin . ext . townsend house Peter walk down the side step and over to the large garage . int . master bedroom - night a intrigue Maya turn another page . int . garage - night Peter enter . see a switch . flip it on and a fluorescent light buzy on . he peruse old box , two dusty , black filing cabinet . ruston curtain rod , a box of break appliance and a old stove cover with a orange tarp . int . master bedroom as Maya read , she hear a light , scraping noise . she glance up . silence . she wait . nervous , Maya then go back to she book . excite , she spot something that 's important . she hear another light SOUND . maya Peter ? int . hallway Maya listen . she hear a few footstep in the adjacent bathroom . maya ( to herself ) Jesus , Peter , you scared I . int . hallway Book in hand , Maya walk over to the bathroom door and fling it open . maya ( rush in ) look at this ... she step into the bathroom and freeze . int . bathroom - night Henry birdson be stand in the corner , same green regulation drawstring pants and match T-shirt . he have a fish-gutte knife in he hand . with a evil smile , he calmly step forward , imitate the gesture Maya see in the restroom at the seminary . he raise he knife , hold it out in front of she . Maya stand still . she want to run more than anything in life , but she do not . instead , she reach out one hand and touch the knife ever so gently with the tip of she finger . fro a second , neither one move . Maya 's face register great fear . birdson slide the knife back . Maya see blood on she hand come from a cut on she finger . she tremble , but do not run . Maya use the humility and calm of a experience exorcist . maya ( a whisper ) Henry , Christ love you . birdson look at she with the impassive , malignant gaze of a snake . maya ( cont 'd ) Christ can save you , Henry . birdson shake he head as Maya 's dangle cross pick off particle of pure light . maya ( cont 'd ) just say he name , say he name and you will be free . birdson , agitate , move closer . maya ( cont 'd ) ( soothing ) say he name . he slowly traverse the air in front of she face with he knife . Maya step back , trap , she eye never leave birdson 's . maya ( cont 'd ) ( with love ) Christ love you ... for a split second , the real Henry birdson appear , then he smile grotesquely and in a new voice : birdson ( lascivious ) yes , but do he swallow ? very fast : Maya dive out the door . with a snarl , birdson recover and lunge for she . int . master bedroom - continuous Maya throw herself back into the bedroom , slamming the door shut behind she as birdson 's body smashes into it . Maya see birdson 's shadowy form try to break the glass with a animal - like fury . scramble against he mount pressure , Maya try but fail to get the lock to close . the door shudder , as birdson pummel it with he body . birdson crack the glass . a spiderweb of shard rip through the window . birdson ( different voice ) Fucking bitch ! open the door ! Maya drop lareaux 's book , shoulder she weight against the door . he hit it so hard , it open . Maya shove it back and , strain , manage to lock it . at the same moment , she realize there 's no more pressure on the other side . she stop push . Pov over she shoulder , we see the door behind she slightly open . she turn and realize this , take two step toward that door and then freeze . Maya 's in the center of the room , equidistant from all the door . she look back at the door to the bathroom . no shadow block the light at its base . ever so slowly , keep she eye on the bathroom door , she reach over , unlock and then pull open the door to the hall . it swing open silently . she strain , listen as hard as she can . but the only sound she can hear be she own shallow breathe . she say a silent prayer . then step gingerly toward the door to the hallway . as she take a second step : birdson burst through the bathroom door behind she . he leap and slashes at she , cut she arm as she bolt through the door to the hallway . int . hallway - night ... fly into the : int . library where - wham ! - she collide full tilt with a body . maya ahhhh !!! it 's Peter . they hit the ground , groggy . maya ( cont 'd ) get up !! peter what 's the ... oh shit ! birdson race in , knife hold high . Peter grab the small read table and use it as a shield as they scramble to they foot . whipping the knife back and forth at lighten speed , birdson corral they into a corner . it take all of Peter 's skill to keep he at bay . maya ( dawn realization ) Peter , let go of the chair ! peter what ? birdson menacingly circle leave , then right . maya let go of the chair ! as birdson make another thrust towards they , Maya suddenly jerk the chair away , clear a path for birdson 's knife to hit Peter 's abdomen . Peter scream , brace himself for the impact , a impact that never come . birdson freeze , stop the thrust millimeter from Peter 's stomach . he 's catch in a unseen trap , paralyze . maya ( cont 'd ) ( insistent ) he can not hurt you . in that split second , Peter realize Maya 's right . he take the chair and smashes birdson in the head . birdson go down . Peter kick he . he do not move . Peter grab birdson 's knife . peter ( to Maya ) you okay ? maya ( o.s. ) when 's you birthday ? peter what ? he look back at Maya , who 's hold she upper arm . blood begin to drip down she side . Peter immediately grab hold of she hand , carefully push she arm up in the air . peter ( cont 'd ) hang on , get it up , go on , higher . maya you 33rd birthday . the transformation will be a perversion of Christ 's rise from the dead . townsend discover it in one of lareaux 's book . Peter go to the window , grab one of the lightweight curtain and use the knife to shred a piece . he take it and bandage Maya 's arm . maya ( cont 'd ) it will happen at the exact time of you birth . peter ( he stop ) that can not be right . ( as he tie off the dress ) my birthday 's tomorrow . with Peter and Maya in the foreground , we see , although they do not , that birdson sit up , he eye open , stare at a point above Maya and Peter . a horrible rictus smile move across he face . birdson 's eye roll back into he head until only white remain . then he begin to jerk uncontrollably , he face contort into one frightening expression after the next . Peter grab the fish knife , move in front of Maya . birdson 's limb begin to torque out of control . he convulse on the floor then suddenly sit up closer to camera . his eye roll back down into a normal position . his face become calm . he look at Peter and Maya . a horrify look cross birdson 's face as he arm rotate backwards , bone snap and muscle rip . involuntarily spew from birdson in ever-chang animal like voice . birdson ( in Latin ) my demon of anguish , help I create confusion and suffer forever and ever ... and ever ... ( geni tormentorum , mihi commoventi perturbationem miseriamque in saaecula saeculorum , in saecula saeculorum , in saecula saeculorum ... ) ecu birdson 's head turn on he neck in unnatural manner , he body still convulse . as he stop speak , he head snap back around so he 's face Peter and Maya . suddenly , the chandelier above they flicker , the globe exploding and shower they with shard of glass . birdson 's entire body begin to vibrate , urine seeping out from beneath he . then , horrifyingly , a horn like protusion begin to push out from the upper edge of birdson 's head , grow , strain ... until finally the horn burst through blow he head apart . birdson fall back onto the floor . and as birdson finally die , Peter look at the corpse , then drop heavily onto a arm of a chair . drain , Maya sit next to he . they lean against one another , together in trauma . maya he could not stop we and that 's how he be punish . ( insistent ) Peter , what time be you bear ? peter I do not know . ( pull in a breath , overwhelm ) probably have a copy of my birth certificate ... my apartment . ext . rural road - night Peter 's Range Rover move at a fast clip down side street and back road . int . range rover highway 's dark , except for Peter 's headlight , as they roll up and down a hilly back road . tree lean in on both side . the effect be eerily like drive in another world . Maya flip through lareaux 's book . a bible she take from townsend 's house sit on she lap . look over at Peter a moment . maya there 's nothing else here . peter what 's the bible for ? maya Comfort . Peter shrug . he start to drive poorly . his fatigue be show . Maya look up as : Pov up ahead , the road begin to parallel a lake . glimpsis of black water can be see through the tree . she power down she window to get some air . Maya look over at Peter . his face appear normal . then , she seem to hear a soft sound - gasping for breath . then : the car suddenly drift into the other lane , head straight for a guard rail which outline the lake . instinctively , Maya lunge for the steering wheel . maya ( cont 'd ) watch it ! she manage to twist it just enough so the car miss the rail , but careen off the road . the car rip through the bush with a explosive roar and skid down the bank and plunge into the lake below . and we : dissolve to : a enormous splash of water as Peter 's car disappear into the lake , the water bubbling and as we go under , we see the windshield crack and splinter and then we hear a rough screech of brake . a horrendous long skid and ... maya ( cont 'd ) peter ! ext . back road - continuous the car have come to a final stop , sit sideways in the middle of the road , leave huge skid mark behind it . the windshield 's untouched . the road empty . int . range rover Peter 's breathe hard . Maya 's tremble , she hand on the wheel . peter what the hell 's the matter with you ? ext . range rover Maya pop she seat belt and bolt from the car , lean against the door , she breathe still labored . Peter get out , move around to she . he see she 's have difficulty breathe . she choke out a cough . his anger turn to concern . peter be you alright ? maya ( softly ) sometimes , when I feel weak , I have this ... vision . peter what do you mean ? maya I see thing . my worst fear . you need to know something , Peter . I be possess once . like birdson . it take Father lareaux six day to pull I out of it . Peter grab hold of she , a impulsive move , ambiguous in its intent and unknown even the Peter , then : maya ( cont 'd ) I be scared I be slip back . peter ( scared himself ) we be go to do this . maya you have to say that . peter ( a smile emerge ) that 's true . Maya smile back . ext . country market - night just past midnight . a small , dirty white stucco and wood country mart . the only light be a stark , household flood . two people leave the market , carry a six pack and a few munchy . they hop into they car and take off . and at the edge of the lot , Peter 's car be park . int . country market Peter and Maya SNAP the lid of they coffee . somewhere a radio be on . Maya move to the aging cashier as Peter walk over to a wall of generic first - aid remedy . he grab the large band - aid there . and as he join Maya at the counter , we see it 's the cashier 's radio . deejay ( filter ) two minute . cashier look they over as he turn up the volume . deejay ( cont 'd ) ( sarcastic ) now this daylight thing be up to two minute and scientist say sooner or later , we will be lose like fifteen minute a day . owner ( ring they up ) five-twelve . Peter pay . out of penny , the cashier pull out a new roll and bang it open inside of the register . deejay now I will never be on time for work . ext . market Peter and Maya sit on the edge of the curb , sip coffee . Maya pull out she cigarettes and light up . she offer he the pack . he gratefully take one , light up and inhale . peter why do you lie to I about you parent ' death ? maya I be desperate . I know you write about murder . I need a way in . suddenly a car motor toward they . just as a deer decide to cross the two - lane road . the car 's high beam startle the deer , it stop , snap a stunne look at Peter and Maya . a moment of stillness , then it gallop to safety just as the car speed by . suddenly , quiet again . peter Close call . for the first time in a long time , it 's really hit I . life 's tenuous . maya I know it be . right after my parent die , I go to the beach ... ( short intake of breath ) I be in the water . everything be calm . and then one of that really big wave hit I . hard . pull I straight to the bottom . I struggle and finally run out of air . ( gulp air ) if it have not be for my sister who pull I out , I would have drown . legally dead for a couple of minute be what they tell I . peter no oxygen to the brain . maya maybe that 's my problem . peter why do not you just go along with townsend . get rid of I . I would have ... maya until it happen , you be still a human be . peter what about after ? maya only you body will remain . I believe you soul will be at peace . if we kill you , Satan can not stay . she see he react to this . int . peter' live room the door open . it 's dark , except for the luminescence of Peter 's aquarium . we see some of the fish be list and the aquarium still have a slow leak . the floor 's wet . peter Claire , be you home ? he snap on the light . Silent . stuffy . he open a window . maya more air . always a good thing . int . bedroom Peter 's box of record be on the bed where he leave it . the ancient news article be scattered . some fall onto the floor . Peter pick everything up as Maya sift the content on the bed . we see pass glimpsis of a passport , bankbook , insurance policy , a will , a set of key , and then a parchment copy of Peter 's birth certificate . Maya pick it up . close on time of Peter 's birth be 4:55 pm . maya tomorrow afternoon . four forty - five . Peter absorb this . peter ( false bravado ) plenty of time . maya ( finger set of key in box ) what be this ? peter I do not know . extra apartment key . what 's it matter ? maya ( desperate ) maybe I should check lareaux 's book . it 's in the car . be right back . do not go anywhere . peter sure . Maya leave the room . moment later , Peter hear the front door open and close . do not move , then , suddenly , in a flurry of anger , he knock the phone off the bedside table . a lamp fly off with it . then he stand and sweep he arm across the top of he bureau , knock off picture , moment , a jewelry box . turn , he flip over a chair and kick it viciously . breathe hard , he slump back on the bed . across the room he see a picture of Claire have slip partially behind the bureau . its glass have shattered and only half she face be visible . Peter immediately pick it up . stare down at this smile girlfriend . he lay it carefully back on the bureau , try to regain some control . he breathes deep , then begin gather everything back on to the bed . he look at the set of key . pick they up . compare they with he own set . try to think , he stare out he bedroom window at the building ledge across the way . he sees the pot geranium , now arrange , a simple red flourish . then a light snap on in the apartment below and as he look down , notice it , he eye shift , a momentary realization and he look back down at the key and leave he apartment . int . elevator Peter get on . he look at the unknown key again . then push the button for the fourth floor . int . apt . 4 - a - night Peter knock softly on the door . then more loudly . no response . he try on of the new key , slowly give it a turn . it work . he try the lower lock . the click of this key be audible as ... int . apt . 4 - a the door swing open to a dark apartment . Peter stand warily at the door , then flip on the light . nothing there . no furniture . no occupance . Peter step in and close the door . he look around at the emptiness . a cockroach scurries across the floor in front of he . int . live room he walk through the live room and ... int . bedroom only a small table and lamp have be leave in the corner . Peter switch on the lamp . he notice the ceiling 's be drop . a grid of white tile panel , hold by a lightweight metal frame . he stare at it . very slowly he raise the broom upward and poke on of the panel . it move easily . he push harder and manage to angle the panel , slide it back , so that some of the original ceiling be visible . he see : a lurid splash of color , a tiny fragment of white line , and part of a strange design . Peter stare hard at it . he grab the small table from the corner and drag it to the center of the room . stand on it , he can now easily reach the tile with he hand . he smashes the panel loose , knocking they out and drop they on the floor . two , three , four more tile . then five . time jump CUT to : the floor below he be litter with ceiling tile . Peter look up at : ceiling a enormous pentacle . nine foot wide . it sprawl across the ceiling . runic symbol crest its edge . for a moment , Peter 's mesmerize . int . FOURTH floor hallway the door of apt. 4 - a be throw open . Peter take off , leave the door ajar behind he . int . peter' apartment - continuous the front door be throw open . Peter step in to see : Maya , stand , slightly tense , talk to somebody . the other voice be obscure by the sound of a garbage truck move down the street . and as Peter move farther inside , past the door , he see : Claire , sit on the overstuff chair . claire ( get up ) there you be ! my God , darling , I have be so worried . be you alright ? peter Claire ... claire this be the person ... you be talk about ? maya where be you ? Peter hold out the key to Claire , ignore Maya . peter what be this ? claire I do not know . what be they ? peter I find they in you file box . claire must be a spare set . peter I think the spare set be in the kitchen drawer . peter ( cont 'd ) ( to Claire ) you be hide they . Claire get up , move to Peter , and reach to embrace he . he let it happen , but do not reciprocate . claire honey , you be exhaust . do you want to lie down for a little while ? peter ( move across the room ) I find the pentacle . Maya 's eye widen with alarm . she turn quickly toward Claire who 's watch they . and as Peter follow Maya 's stare , in one slow move , Claire pull a beretta from a drawer in the aquarium table . she point the gun directly at Maya . claire she 's be stalking you , Peter . peter so you be go to kill she ? put the gun down Claire . Claire ignore he , but before she can make she move , Peter have grab she wrist , twist she back into the live room , try to pull the gun out of she hand . Claire wrest free of Peter . claire listen to I , I love you , Peter , I be try to protect you ! peter you really have I go , Claire . I be finally ready to propose to you . claire we be still go to be together . claire ( cont 'd ) there 's nothing you can do about it . ( to Maya ) I have fuck have it with you . she lunge at Maya , one powerful move , but as she do , Maya move out of the way . and as Maya spin around , Claire go for she again , but she trip on the wet floor , lose she balance . as Peter grab to catch she , she crash horribly through the glass shelf . Peter be horrify . then he walk to Claire and pull the gun from she lifeless hand . Maya and Peter stare at each other in shock for a moment . then Maya 's pager sound . she check the number and go to the phone and dial . as she do , Peter pull a blanket off the sofa and cover Claire 's body . maya hi , it 's I . what 's go on ? she listen , and she expression change to one of relief . she hang up the phone and turn to Peter . maya ( cont 'd ) lareaux ... he 's come out of it . let 's go . int . range rover - night the car pass through the nearly desert street . a STREET sweeper pass , brushes whirring . ext . seminary - dawn as the sunlight prism on dew - cover grass , Peter and Maya pull into the seminary parking lot . int . father lareaux room a small crowd of priest , include Father Frank , be in the room . several stand next to the bed , block a clear view of Father lareaux . Soft classical music play . the mood be upbeat . as the door open , Father Frank see Maya lead Peter in by the arm like a puppet or a lose soul . father frank ( vindictively ) I be glad you be here . there 's something you need to see . with only a cursory glance at Peter , he lead Maya to the bed . the other priest move away . Father lareaux be sit up against he pillow . he look good , rosy cheek - almost back to normal . lareaux ( happy to see she ) miette ... Maya throw she arm around he neck , smile for the first time in a long time . maya Father ! thank God you be better ! I really need you help . we have only get a few more hour . lareaux do not worry ... about the transformation , Maya . maya what do you mean " do not worry ? " lareaux ( be careful not to wound she ) well , in my prayer , I realize we have be fool ourselves and probably ... blow this all out of proportion . God would never allow anything like that to happen . Maya be floor . Father Frank look at she scornfully . father frank I tell you this be myth all along . peter ( confuse ) do that mean it 's over ? lareaux nod a " yes " at Peter , as Maya sit on the old priest 's bed . Peter stand beside she . maya so ...we win ? lareaux ( sweet smile ) yes . we win , that 's right . Maya play with she cross , distractedly , rock it back and forth between she finger . lareaux re-fluff he pillow , look away from Maya , move slightly , make himself more comfortable . maya we win because Christ ... triumph over Satan ? lareaux um hm . that 's right , Maya . maya so , if Christ win , that mean , what do that mean , Father ? that Satan ... lareaux ( tenderly , swallow back ) would you like to rest , miette ? you must be exhaust . Maya pick up a scapular from the dresser and move in closer to lareaux . maya ( insistent ) so I guess Satan lose . Satan be the weak one . lareaux ( breath come in short burst ) miette , come here and relax . Maya be crowd lareaux now , the scapular thrust almost directly in he face . maya ( repeat , monotone ) I can relax , because Satan the coward , tremble before Christ , right ? Father Frank move over to Maya with another Priest . see lareaux be have trouble breathe . father frank all right . that 's enough for now . he 's just recover . take it easy , Maya . but Maya resist they tug arm , lean closer to lareaux . maya but do not he tremble , Father ? do not he cower , like a frighten jackal ? Satan , the half - wit ... Maya continue , taunting , she cross dangle over lareaux . maya ( cont 'd ) ( as slowly as she can ) the whimper slave of Christ ! the impotent dog on God 's leash ! Maya thrust the scapular onto Father lareaux 's forehead . he recoil violently , as though burn . lareaux ( vicious , another voice ) he'll make christ crawl ! the entire room stare , transfix , at lareaux . Maya look at peter , then Father Frank , as she move carefully off the bed . int . father lareaux be room - short time later a nervous Father Frank be supervise the jesuit as they empty lareaux 's room of its extraneous content . he avoid look at Maya . Father lareaux sit calmly in a chair at the center of the room . none of the jesuit meet he eye . one Priest tape the curtain close over the window . a lamp provide the only light . int . corridor outside lareaux be room - day Peter and Maya stand anxiously near the door , wait ... maya he 's we best chance . if we can get he back . without realize it , she 's touch she shirt cuff . peter what can I do ? maya ( emphatically ) you have to be experience to do this . just wait outside . otherwise , you risk kill he . Maya look at he , then clasp he hand briefly . she break off and walk over to Father Frank . maya ( cont 'd ) you will do it ? father frank I do not have the experience . Father Thomas should officiate . Father Thomas , a tall Jesuit in he forty , stride down the hall . he 's dress in a long black cassock , with surplice and purple steal . he 's resolute . two other jesuit , Father malcolm and Father Jeremy , follow he . dissolve to : maya and father jeremy stand close together in the hallway . we hear her whispered murmur . maya forgive I Father , for I have sin . int . father lareaux room the priest enter and begin to prep the room . Father malcolm go to the closet and take out the briefcase we see at birdson 's exorcism . he open it and take out a bible , a cross a vial of Holy Water . we see Father Thomas don he cassock and scapular in the partition dress area of Father lareaux 's room . Maya enter . Peter , from the doorway , see she lock eye with lareaux . finally , she turn away . lareaux 's smile widen . Father Thomas step out from behind the partition . father thomas tie he to the chair . Father Thomas make the sign of the Cross . then , he place the tip of he steal on lareaux 's neck , and he right hand on lareaux 's head . lareaux flinch . Father Thomas place relic of the Saints on lareaux 's chest . he writhes as if in pain . Father Thomas sprinkle lareaux with Holy Water . lareaux react as though it be burn oil . finally , Father Thomas kneel , beginning the litany of the Saints , in Latin . int . corridor outside lareaux room the last thing Peter see as the door close be Maya . serious , tight , professional and outside the door , Father Frank be already mouth he rosary : peter ( to Father Frank ) now what ? father frank there 's nothing we can do but pray . we will be in the church . Father Frank lead the other jesuit down the hall . within second , Peter 's alone . he look at the door . then he slowly move closer to it , until he 's a foot away . he try to listen . nothing . he lean even closer . father thomas ( o.s. ) ( in Latin ) behold the Cross of the Lord . depart , enemy ! unclean spirit , and all you companion , I command you . tell I you name ! Peter move closer . father thomas ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) ...by the love and power of Christ , who have redeeme man from you grasp , I command you . Peter move away and sit down on a bench in the hallway . int . SMALL chapel - day fourteen jesuit of mix race , include Father Frank . chant prayer in Latin . int . corridor outside lareaux room Peter be sit on the bench . he hear : voice ( o.s. ) Peter , Peter ... he look down the corridor . he see no one . he look in the other direction and see a janitor eat a sandwich and pour a container of milk into a large glass . once again , he hear : voice ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) Peter , Peter ... he look at the door to lareaux 's room and see the wall breath in and out as if it's alive . he run to the door and put he ear against it . father thomas ( o.s. ) ... be go and leave this child of the Lord God almighty . be go , by the power of Christ . be go , by the power of the Holy Spirit . suddenly the imprint of a chair push against the wall as it will burst right through . Peter jump away . he approach the door . father thomas ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) in the name of Christ , I command you . tell I you name ! suddenly a body slam into the wall which start to ripple as if a subterranean shape be move through it . the body appear to be climb straight up the wall . there 's a explosion of noise , shriek and shouting , the sound of furniture be violently overturn . Peter be mesmerize and scared . hateful voice swell up . voice ( o.s. ) too late , too late , too late , too late . Peter touch the door knob to lareaux 's room . it be freezing cold , so cold it burn . he pull he hand away and wrap he jacket around he hand . maya ( o.s. ) please , no ! Peter be tear . his hand again move to the doorknob . another body slam into the wall . more noise cry of panic , anger ... and pain . father thomas ( o.s. ) move , move ! a growling animal be hear , like a baboon shrieking . Peter start to turn the knob , then stop . he 's catch , unsure until Maya call out in agony . maya ( o.s. ) Peter , help I . oh God ! Peter fling the door open and step inside . int . lareaux be room - day and then very fast . the door slam behind Peter and lock itself tight . then , Peter see : the room be not destroy . the room be freezing cold , breath be visible . lareaux be tie to the chair . Father Thomas be stand over he , with a crucifix in hand , the eucharist on lareaux 's head . Maya and the young Priests be kneel just behind Father Thomas , overwhelm . lareaux gotcha ! the lamp immediately go out . room be pitch black . father thomas Jeremy , the door ! we hear fumbling grunt . father jeremy it ... I can not ! father thomas ( continue subbing , in Latin ) lowly beast , through the power of Christ . let the door re-open . voice begin . mocking , speed up version of sentence we have hear before , latin and english . lareaux ( in Peter 's voice ) go on . do something . show I . ( in Maya 's voice ) I be scared I be slip back ... a beat . then a normal voice . peter Maya ? a torrent of profanity drown he out . a thousand voice , young and old , cry , cursing , fill the air with hatred and spite . amidst this hurricane of sound , the light begin to flicker at ultra-high speed , create a strobe effect . the window burst open , flooding the room with light . Father Jeremy race over and struggle to close it , but cannot . Maya be reveal praying , eye open . Peter and Father malcolm be crouch near the door . a terrify Father Thomas be bravely stand , hold he crucifix in front of himself , face lareaux . or where lareaux be . the chair be empty amid the deafen noise , Peter see : lareaux rise up behind Maya and encircle she throat with he hand as the hellish voice reach a crescendo . lareaux begin to sing softly : lareaux rock -a- bye baby , on a tree top ... Peter leap to pull lareaux off she , but the aging priest surprised Peter by grab he and hold he at bay . as Peter struggle , lareaux 's expression shift . his confidence vanish and pain distort he feature . lareaux fall to the floor in agony . Maya and Peter bend down to help he , but the noise make it impossible for they to hear one another . Maya pull open lareaux 's collar to try to get he more air and in that instant , the voice stop . the light pop on . Maya lean close to lareaux , who 's die on the floor , mumbling incoherently . and on lareaux 's forehead , we see incision resembling strange , unknown letter . like they have be cut from within . the incision be repeat on the back of lareaux 's hand . the room be so cold , steam pop off the breath . Father Thomas move fast , beginning the last rite in Latin . he make the sign of the Cross on lareaux 's forehead , then : father thomas ( to lareaux , in Latin ) confiterisne vitia tua ante omnipotentem deum ? ( do you confess you sin before almighty God ? ) lareaux ... the ark sink , the sun set , the ark sink again ... maya ( desperately ) Father , please do not die . lareaux ( in great suffer ) ... art sink , sun set , ark sink again ... Maya lean down , inch from the die priest . Peter move beside she . maya Father ! for a split second , lareaux surface from he confusion and look at she with a great kindness . lareaux ensemble pour toujour quoi qu 'il arrive . as he die , Maya be momentarily inert , tear of exhaustion . she 's devastate . and we hear a single grace note lace with a intake of breath as we smash CUT to : int . corridor outside lareaux room it 's chaos as jesuit rush in and out of the cell , help the exorcism participant . Father Frank glare at Maya , as he help clear the room . peter ( look down at Maya ) I think you be in danger . Maya back away from lareaux , who be be cover with a white sheet . a last glance and then she take off with Peter . int . range rover Maya look straight ahead , try to shake off she fear . Peter look at Maya , move by she . put a arm around she shoulder , a momentary intimacy , then he pull away . finally , Maya look at Peter . maya I will be all right . ( reflective ) Peter , at the very end , I think Father be back . I see it in he eye . peter so , what do it mean . the ark sink and the sun set ? maya he 's be repeat that since birdson 's exorcism . I look in every passage in the Bible and there 's nothing about a ark or a sunset that tell we anything . peter what do he say to you in french ? maya that 's he , I do not know , he ' ground ' phrase for I , " together , no matter what . " peter ( deep sigh ) terrific . ext . newark neighborhood - day the Range Rover enter a blue-collar residential part of the city , old townhouse on both side of the street . the traffic be heavy and the Rover slow , pull to the curb . int . range rover Peter study Maya , admire she in some new way . maya he be try to tell I something . peter ( cynical ) and he message be " together , no matter what ? " a car pull up alongside they . the driver , a middle - age woman , roll down she window and call out to Peter . woman helloooo - do you live around here ? ( Peter ignore she ) how do I get to the turnpike ? the car behind she honk impatiently . irked motorist there's five fucking car behind you , asshole ! Peter turn to the woman . peter ( do not give a shit ) Lady , I do not know . offended , the woman drive off . Peter turn back to Maya , who 's suddenly grab townsend 's Bible and furiously flip through it . maya wait a minute . the message . he use french , he know he could not say it directly . the arc " sink " or " cinq " c- i n-q . it 's french for five . the sun " set " or pronounce like " sept " . the french word for seven . the arc " sink " again . ( then ) it 's five - seven -fie . Book chapter and verse ! she finally stop at a specific section she be look for . maya ( cont 'd ) Book five , deuteronomy , chapter seven , verse five . ( read ) " but this shall you deal with they . you shall break down they altar and burn they graven image with fire . " peter and what 's that mean ? she know . ext . gas station - afternoon the Range Rover pull up . Peter get out . he 's get a five gallon gas can . Maya enter the gas station mini -mart . a clock read 4:05 . afternoon news play on a tv . newscaster a international group of scientist will assemble in geneva later this week in a attempt to determine the cause of diminish daylight , a phenomenon which have baffle the world 's finest scientific mind . in local news , the case of accuse killer George viznick end in a mistrial today . prosecutor vow to press for a new trial immediately . Maya hand the clerk some money and glance outside at Peter fill the gas can . ext . saint benedictus - afternoon it look quiet and serene in the afternoon light . Peter and Maya approach carefully . they see a collection of car in front of the church . unkempt and dirty , a few pedestrian stare at they . the gas bump conspicuously against Maya 's thigh . ext . saint benedictus - side entrance Peter pull out Claire 's gun . they step inside . int . saint benedictus - continuous Peter and Maya pass through the vestry and edge they way into the main cathedral . a Mass be in progress . a lay reader have memorize the text . reader God appear and God be light to that pour soul who dwell in night . Peter and Maya move in suddenly from the vestry , onto the altar , behind the reader . Maya 's shocked by the pack - to capacity church . the crowd inside immediately switch they focus to Maya and then to Peter , who 's just move up onto the altar , stand unknowingly directly under the cross . reader ( cont 'd ) but do a human form display ... the reader see the stare from the crowd , stop , and turn to Maya and Peter . the reader be wear a small invert cross around she neck . reader ( cont 'd ) welcome ! in the crowd , Maya see the little girl from the diner . Maya be stunne . the little girl catch Maya 's glance , give she a sly smile and then look away . her mother appear beside she . unnerve , Maya look at Peter , desperate . maya eight minute ... then , the priest at the front of the church , stand quietly next to the reader , turn slowly toward Peter , oddly very calm . and we see it 's Father James . he smile . charm , gracious . father jame ( look at gas can ) do you really think you could just burn the church down . that some ritualistic hocus pocus could just end this ? alarm , Peter look at Maya , but she gaze be lock on James . then Peter glance down at the drip gasoline can in Maya 's hand and as she set it down . father jame ( cont 'd ) lareaux be never free of we . he lead you here . ( he start to sing softly ) " get I to the church on time . " Peter move toward James , put the gun to he uncle 's head . peter ( barely able to stand it ) you fuck bastard . father jame do not you get it ? ( be : Maya ) they have they 2,000 year . now it 's we turn . peter so all that bullshit about God and faith . father jame it be perfect . the harder I push , the more you pull away . peter ( beyond anger , beyond tear ) you lie to I my whole life . everything you say , everything you do . father jame everything I do , I do for you . I love you , Peter . think of it . I be give you a gift , absolute power and knowledge . peter you raise I , like a son . father jame you be my son . do not you see the opportunity that lie before you ? peter ( put it together ) you kill my parent . father jame I have to . there be no other way . they death be part of the great legacy I could have give you . Peter move the muzzle of the gun into James ' carotid artery . close on maya the realization flood she . maya do not ! that 's what they want . father jame it will be my ultimate sacrifice ! maya if you commit murder , you accept evil . one by one , people in the congregation begin to rise . Peter can not believe what he see . Susan and Mrs. quintana . stun , Peter let the gun lower a moment and then , as he turn back to Maya , he 's too late . James have move behind Maya , hold a long - blade knife at she throat . James anchor it at she neck , form a shimmer upside down Cross , runic symbol carve into the sterling handle . Peter pivot , pull up the gun again , aim it back at James . peter Drop the knife . he cock the gun . father jame she 's go to die right in front of you . Peter look at Maya . her expression give he the permission to do the unthinkable . maya ( softly ) let he kill I . Peter 's throw off . Maya let she eye blink close . for a moment , no one move . the knife glint off the stain glass . close on peter. think . unraveling . father jame ( big smile ) you have no idea how much you look like you mother right now . Peter fire , a echoing report , bounce from the Cathedral ceiling to the travertine floor . Father James fall , mortally wounded . william and you think I be the family fuck up . Peter see William approach from the pews . william ( cont 'd ) thank you , Maya . you serve we well . stun , Peter gulp a mouthful of air , lift he gun and shoot William in the eye . immediate . the bullet power through William , lodging in Mrs. quintana . she cough up a gurgling choke , eye wide . and as she die grip she neck , she double over the back of a wooden pew . the crowd react . Maya grab hold of Peter edging he back toward the vestry and out of the church . as the congregation start to press forward , Peter swing the gun back up and out toward they . it glisten off the chalice . they stop , wary and as Maya and Peter finally turn they back on the crowd , they take off past the sacred eurcharistic relic . int . vestry / saint benedictus through the vestry and out the back door . ext . STREET - dusk Peter and Maya sprint for the Rover . int . range rover Peter and Maya speed up the street . they turn the corner and continue up a street undergo construction . fence by sawhorse barricade , it 's equip with flash warning light . peter how much time do we have ? maya not a lot . Peter race past the barricade , side -swipe the steel sawhorse , then suddenly he slam on the brake , skid to a rough stop , nowhere to go . int . range rover Peter look at Maya , then at the gun in he lap and back at she . conflict emotion . he pick up the revolver . Maya stare at Peter . a huge fear rip through she body . Peter hesitates . then hand she the gun . peter if you can do it ... go ahead . Maya put the gun down . leans over and embrace he . they hold onto each other . a share intimacy , unknown to either of they . maya ( a desperate whisper ) I be not strong enough for this . Peter reach over and tenderly brushes the hair away from Maya 's face . then Maya pull away , raise the tiny gun and time slow to a crawl . Maya hold the beretta . the strain etched on she face , she hand shake , she eye well up . Peter wait , watch she . she 's unsure . we hear a choke back breath . gasp , lung look for air . the struggle for life . the car clock seem freeze on 4:54 . finally , it turn over and ... nothing happen . Peter 's look at she . he know . he 's sure of it . peter it do not work ! Maya , I be okay . Peter reach for she , he face radiant , joyful , alive . she do not move a muscle . the gun barrel do not quiver . maya oh , Peter . peter ( change tone ) it 's I . put the gun down . Maya ... tear roll down she face , as she cock the beretta . peter ( cont 'd ) if you really think I be the Devil , then shoot I . out of the corner of she eye , Maya see the clock - its hand rapidly spin backward . ext . range rover a high angle of the car from above . a shot rip through the air . then one more . Maya exit the car . she 's unsteady on she foot . the camera pan up into the night sky . silence . follow by a low -pitch , disturbing rumble . a kind of grotesque groan . then some hum be hear . static . a not quite-tuned in radio station become audible . deejay ( v.o. ) I love this , now scientist be say the day have suddenly stop get short . it make you wonder . do this guy know anything ? the station fade out . there 's a fragment of pop music , more static , then the radio' snapped off . and we hear the sound of breathe , light and steady . dissolve to : ext . rural road - day a aerial shot of a steel blue car as it cruise down a two lane highway . pass field of cotton . int . blue car - day Inside the car , Maya be drive . window down . she look serene , at peace , carry she wound well as we : fade out . alternate ending : int . range rover Maya aim at Peter 's head and pull the trigger . Peter 's throw back against the seat . she fire again into he heart . Maya let the gun down slowly . tear streak she cheek , as she cup he face in she hand . dissolve to : silence follow by a low - pitched , disturbing rumble , a kind of grotesque groan . then some hum be hear . static . a not quite-tuned - in radio station become audible . deejay ( v.o. ) I love this , now scientist be say the day have suddenly stop get short . it make you wonder . do this guy know anything ? the station fade out . there 's a fragment of pop music , more static , then the radio' snapped off . and we hear the sound of breathe , light and steady . fade out .