the lovely bone screenplay by Fran walsh , philippa boyen & Peter Jackson base on the novel by Alice sebold '' wingnut film production Ltd. 2006 March , 2007 po box 15-208 miramar Wellington , 6243 new zealand tel . + 64 4 388 9939 int . salmon house - day ( winter 1963 ) 1 close on : the blurred image of a world , distort by a wall of clear plastic ... camera be inside a small snow globe , look out ... as we glimpse people move about in the room beyond . they only come nto focus when they get close . susie ( v.0 . ) I remember be really small , too small to see over the edge of a table . chubby , little finger grope towards the object ... a 4 year old susie salmon come into focus clutching at the snow globe ... a young father , jack salmon , look on - over he daughter 's shoulder . I dream of jeannie play on tv in the background . susie ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) there be a snow globe ... close on : susie , captivate by a plastic penguin wear a red and white stripe scarf around it 's neck ... large in the foreground . susie ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) and I remember the penguin who live inside the globe . he be all alone in there and I worried for he ... jack take hold of the globe and flick it . snow flake fall ... stream towards the camera ... tumble down the penguin 's face . through the plastic we see the distort image of susie and jack watch the fake snow fall gently around the penguin . angle on : the younger jack look in to little susie be eye . jack do not worry , kiddo he have a nice life - he 's trap in a perfect world . title credit sequence ... montage:0n the soundtrack reelin’in the year by steely Dan year pass ... we view from within the snow globe show it be move from room to room ; fashion change , people grow older . image of family photo be glimpse from we distort view inside the snow globe ... wedding photo and baby picture tell the story of a young family grow up . view from inside the globe which be now discard on the floor ... holiday , the family dog , sniff at it . the globe be suddenly pick up and drop into a cardboard BOX ++. carry upstair , plunge into a dark cupboard . montage : jack , now several year older , reach into the BOX and take the snow globe , regard it like a old friend . 2 . he be now decorate he study he find the perfect spot on a shelf ... a baby crawl on the floor by he foot ... image : jack give the globe a shake ... swirl snowflake fill the screen ... ext . salmon STREET - day ( winter 1971 ) 2 real flake swirl around a quiet suburban STREET bath in a snow drift . int . susie 's bedroom - day ( summer 1973 ) 3 SUN shine through the lace curtain to reveal the snow globe sit half bury in the debris of makeup , jewelry , trinket box , badge and gum which litter susie salmon 's dressing table . ++. she be now 14 year old , painting she toenail with magenta glitter nail polish and listen to she radio play a 70 's song . close on : susie flick page of seventeen magazine in a bedroom plaster with pin - up image of teen idol david cassidy ... the BAY CITY roller ... bread ... ext . salmon garden - day 4 angle on : buckley and nate , two five year old boy , be play in the garden . buckley be susie 's younger brother and nate be he priend . close on : nate attempt to insert a twig up he nose . buckley I know ! I know ! watch I ! buckley jam a twig in he mouth and puff on the pretend cigarette , prancing about show off . int . susie 's bedroom - day 5 susie flip the page of seventeen as she dip the nailbrush in the bottle . she suddenly freeze - a fly be stick on the nailbrush . susie be about to flick it off , but slowly lift it up to she face ... draw to the fly' eye . susie reach for she instamatic camera and snap a photo of the pl SOUND ... low , building buzz of fly ... song run out on susie' cassette player , replace with the hum of static which all but obliterate 's nate ’‘s distant voice , call for susie . suddenly ... the plastic cassette player button pop up with a overly loud thunk ! it pull susie back to reality . nate ( 0.s. ) ( panicked ) help ! somebody ! susie flick the fly away . nate ( cont 'd ) help !!!! susie slam the window up and look aghast ... close on : buckley choke on the ground he body buck and writhe ... the TWIG stick down he throat . int . salmon house - day 6 angle on : susie race down the stair , scream for she family . insert : smiling photo of she mom and dad ... grandpparent ... grandma lynn ... baby photo ... susie ( yell ) Mom ! dad ! the house be silent and empty . ext . salmon backyard - day 7 angle on : susie blast through the back door . jump a dog fence and scoops buckley into she arm - he be in spasm . susie ( panicked ) Buckley ! ( to nate ) what happen ? nate ( pale and frighten ) he swallow a twig . angle on : garage door open revealing a classic mustang car ... susie throw buckley into the backseat ... terra-cotta pot smash on the garage floor , as susie snatch up she dad 's keys from they hide place . ext . norristown street - day 8 angle on : the mustang roar off down susie 's STREET - with she behind the wheel ! she glance back at buckley , lolling unconscious on the backseat . susie stab she foot at the accelerator pedal , lurching the car forward in a series of angry angle on : susien mustang pull out into the traffic of a MAIN road , susie barely visible above the dashboard . she clip a road sign , send it spin - it 's the sign to the local hospital . susie 's not so much drive the car , but aim it at the hospital and hope for the best ! angle on : a couple have to swerve they car out of susie 's way to avoid be hit ... susie 's parent , jack and abigail salmon , sit look shocked behind the wheel ! jack my car ! be that my car ? jack speed off after the mustang ! int . hospital - day 9 camera drift over a sea of sheet , seem to stretch endlessly . hazy distant figure , out of focus , hover at the end of a expansive bed . angle on : buckley' sleeping face ... he eyelids flutter open .». buckley stare daze at he family . angle on : low , across the hospital bed , as the vast distance seem to shrink ... figure glide closer ... we recognize lindsey , in tee-shirt and track pants ... jack , susie ... grandma lynn and finally abigail in a cream coloured smock lean into shot , huge in the foreground . tear of relief , as she hug she son buckley . it 's as if buckley have return from the dead . this be the worst trial this family have ever face . abigail and jack be consume with guilt . jack wrap a arm around abigail 's shoulder . jack ( softly ) he 's alright ... he 's okay . shot settle : on susie and grandma lynn who be stand near the back of the room . grandma lynn ( low ) I tell she . I warn she ... it be a disaster wait to happen . susie Buckley 's gonna be fine , grandma . grandma lynn Buckley ? I be refer to you mother 's passion for polyester . that 's not a frock - it 's a catering tent angle on : jack and abigail in the doctor 's oppice ... he be give they a stern rebuke - barely audible as the camera glide past ... buckl avery luck : juckley 's a very lucky boy . if you daughter have not be there , you " would have lose he . i , pop fo 4or , ue sem 31 pte aoy , jetuzey 8 , ue uion xox aed 3 , uptnom t1t38 aeyr pue sze0i aquemyz rze a0e x0z adttod wey pey 3a , omm awwal * suw ndwal syn ' unodhotan e aq dn petteq ' nowtws mowl =no esot suaddey 3 , uptp 2ey2 ay tt shuty2 pesattaq etdoad uaym yorq sem 3t ( q.gNo09 ) ( *o°a ) a isa *sadtoa jo ZZnq petjjnw queastp e °** pagnu st gnnos ayl * saysng pue seer wory hunrje ere suotzetosep ' {ywiwvmagis 343 uo dood jo setqer be s0 yl '' butqieyo ete synomhoian jo gmo W waghvo oilwwvlsni t94y yitm sloh jjo oniddyn - eexf spueyy septx gisn *** smau attep ay. uo seTI0 rs baling azam io ' suozzeD yttw uo suyzesedde paqzeqy spry sursstw azozeq sem styl ( ora ) gisn ** qiid jay jo steaysm sy Z punoze pue UT seaeem avgiioh se sybneT aisn ' o00 attwez 943 awgiioh 02 oil & smotu3 ' aasanit ' ualsis 19y se qundd 24 fjo ania ty sep tz gisn ' onim tina UT ST agmwd moola & *°* teot\quept teeU pue petrojs-omz / aeeu | 2e nmol winwatasnngd ttews sty} UT sesnoh ou , ot ( €26t nwnenw ) awg - aluwd mooi ' uarul S , aisn ° xa * el6t 439 aequsseq uo patapinut sem T way p to sieak pt sen T *** a teng ' aureu 2 sitz 4ystz aya ay tt ' uowreg st aweu ay ( qd , n05 ) ( *o°a ) a isn '' eno alihm esuequT ue 03 surnq woon twlidsoh euL * buozm sem uudq eupuezy ' tensn sy ( ag , gn09 ) ( * 0°a ) aisn *** gisnss : no g3sotd *es , zay2oaq aw pear pey I aeneoaq att dey . pue suot eb eaey ptnom 7 pazotpard uuat ewpue ( - o°aa ) a isn 3daaaoo foioa s, disn 03 uszstt om peoqeur ' hbuta 's , ay yey m tesy 3 , uop am anq - gish 03 sgyom asim euo buTazeduy atzeato ST nnat whonyud * szeptnoy zey jo dseezb w1rtz '' B sey om nnat ynhonwud uit 's uote - woon S , abtiong out suleetz 3eU3 ghottavg slim ey UT burpueq - gisn uo :satllas lows '' ss ot jack well , I suppose it be - technically speak . as we move into the thick of the party the camera assume a slightly more uneasy Pov ... mr . stead turn away from camera as it approach ... job ellis , a surly teenager , sneer contemptuously and hurl a rock which fly wide of he target - a tin can perch on a fence . close on : mr. tarking 's eye shift past a table laden with food . angle on : tessa gilbert , a young girl around 7 year old , skip through a plastic hoop . angle on : abigail salmon supervise buckley , who stagger under the weight of a tray of cookies ... abigail hello tessa . would you like a cookie ? tessa take a cookie from buckley 's tray . angle on : mrs . tarking and mrs . gilbert in full flight as mrs . tarking rapidly devour a bundt cake . mrs . tarking ( mouth full ) the apple pie be overly moist , but she bundt cake be really quite bearable . buckley thump the tray of cookies down on the table . mrs . gilbert abigail , be that the smell of home cooking ? abigail I make they this morning . mrs . gilbert elbow mrs . tarking in the rib . mrs . gilbert and you say she have bring ritz cracker and easy cheese . mrs . tarking scowl . grace tarking , she daughter , a heavy set girl with brace , swoops in on the table . mrs . tarking Grace , dear - leave some for other . grace stomp off in a huff . abigail ( sweetly ) be Grace still take ballet lesson ? 11 joe ellis score a direct hit , knock the tin over ... a terrify kitten jump out ! close on : mr. gilbert - he gaze light upon grace tarking , as he chat with mr . harvey , a unremarkable look 36 year old man . mr . harvey Egg shell . best fertilizer , bar none . mr . harvey gesture towards he immaculate garden , festoon with red geranium , just as jack appear with a tray of drink . jack must get a bit ripe in the summertime ! mr . harvey my wife Sophie , put I on to they . jack well , I can not argue with the result . mr . harvey' smile fade ... mr . harvey we buy this place just before she be diagnose . susie pad ! ( call ) close on : jack look concerned . mr . harvey I lose she to cancer . jack oh , I be sorry . susie hey ! dad ! look at I ! image : red geranium on mr . harveyn hedge in the foreground ... in the background out of focus susie cavort on she bike ... while holiday bark and run in circle . int . salmon kitchen - night 11 angle on : abigail serve up dinner ... she put plate of steaming food in front of buckley and lindsey who be seat at the dining table . abigail , ( call ) susie ! Jack ! dinner 's ready ! 12 int . jack 's study - night 12 angle on : jack and susie huddle over a bottle on he work desk --. we drift past foreground sailing ship , peer through mast , sail and rigging . jack look up as abigail 's voice resound upstairs . susie we have gotta finish it - Mom will not mind if dinner get cold . jack yes , she will . ( squinting into the bottle ) ++. hold it steady . susie slowly pull a tiny piece of thread between she finger . jack ( cont 'd ) you kid take you mother far too much for grant . susie I just think there 's more to life than cooking and clean . jack this may surprise you , but you mother do too . I remember when she decide to go to California ... susie she never tell I about that ! jack she never go . close on : jack gently wave a burning candle under the thread to tighten it . susie why not ? jack because you come along . angle on : susie look surprised . jack ( cont 'd ) okay , shipmate ... close on : Inside the bottle the bow of the ship slide into view . jack ( cont ’d ) take it away ! close on : susie gently pull the thread out of the bottle 's neck + ++ the mast rise on a tiny ship in the bottle . sail unfurl , revealing a delicate clipper ship . 13 14 15 16 jack ( cont 'd ) ( blow out the candle ) now that be a thing of beauty ! susie watch she dad proudly place the ship on a shelf , among many other . int . salmon house / susie 's bedroom - night 13 angle on : susie be in bed read ... abigail cross to the window and close the curtain . ext . susie 's STREET - night 14 the camera drift away from susien bedroom ... down the STREET +++. across neighbouring rooftop ... travel down towards a house at the end of the STREET ... a house exactly like any other in this neighbourhood - except it be pale GREEN and have a slightly neater lawn , and slightly cleaner paint work , and red geranium be bloom in the slightly nicer garden . int . mr. harvey' house - night 15 angle on : camera drift past the front of a moonlit house - neat and tidy , with flowers painted on the wall . we think it 's real at first , but soon realise that we be look at a model ... a intricately construct dollshouse . on the soundtrack : the great pretender by Brian eno as the camera rise above the roof of the dollshouse , we see the hunch figure of a man ; a shadowy giant , grotesquely out of proportion with he small scale surroundings , work intently with plywood and glue . there be 4 or 5 more dollshouse in various state of completion line up in a row on the live room floor . a alarm clock ring ! through a window of the dollshouse , we watch the man rise - as if compel by the alarm - to pull the ind ° close on : neatly paint flowering vine rise from miniature flower box up the weatherboard wall of the miniature house . close on : a paint brush painting more flowers on the weatherboard wall but this one be clumsy and crude looking ... there be a faint but continuous tremor in the hand that be hold the another alarm ring ! the man rise , take four pace to the leave , and without look - flick off the light . int . mr. harvey' bedroom - night 16 angle on : the figure of the man , alone in bed ... consume with thought which will not let he sleep . ~y3 7 18 19 20 10 . the light snap on . close on : mr. harvey , in singlet and boxer short , sit ina bright pool of light . it be the first time we have see he since the block party ... a idea be form in he mind . close on : mr. harvey grab a sketch pad from he bedside table . ext . cornfield - night 17 angle on : a classic wide of a full grown cornfield laid out in the moonlight . the camera start to descend , sink down into the cornstalk ... disappearing into the blackness of the ground , which now appear as cross - sectioned ground - like a large ant farm . int . mr. harvey' house - night 18 dark earth fill the screen ... dissolving over : quick , nervous pencil line ... a draw of a small underground chamber begin to take shape . the earth dissolves completely away ... leave mr harvey 's pencil sketch , stark line on white paper . angle on : mr. harvey sit on the edge of he bed in boxer , bare leg hang ... the notebook on he lap . close on : mr. harvey , tense and grin ++. try to maintain he concentration against a internal flood of SOUND : reprise : sound from the block party : a bicycle bell ring ... a pencil draw a line ... susie 's laughter ... more line on paper which become : a sketch of some stair ... holiday barking ... bike tire skid to a halt on the road ... susie' finger wrap around the handle bar + the sound resound in mr . har '' * S head : bicycle bell ... barking ... susie 's laughter ... close on : mr. harvey be stabbing pencil write the dimension : " 6 foot by 8 foot '' ext . block party reprise - day 19 image : mr. harvey talk at the block party ... in he glass a reflection of susie turn circle on she bike . susie look at I ! sound muffle into block party babble ... close on : mr. harvey - image of susie play in he glass like a voyeuristic movie screen ... she laughter be now all he hear . ext . cornfield - night 20 close on : the cornfield ... bug , fly , darting , crawl - a thriving , busy ecosystem . 21 22 will . close on : a wasp attack a mosquito ... they roll on the ground in a death grip . suddenly ! a trapdoor spider spring out of the ground , grab both the wasp and mosquito , drag they underground , the earthen lid of he lair slamm silently shut . ext . salmon garden - day ( autumn 1973 ) 21 click ! susie be try to get a perfect photo of holiday ... but every time she take a photo - he move he head . angle on : abigail , unaware of susie , come out and sit on the back step , she morning coffee in hand . click ! susie automatically snap off a photograph of she mother . close on : abigail : quiet , reflective ... lose in think . angle on : jack hurry towards he car , briefcase in hand . abigail look up ... click ! as jack bend down to kiss she on the cheek . click ! susie take one last photo of abigail as jack drive away «+ . click ! nothing ... susie 's film have run out . int . susie 's bedroom - day 22 susie arrive in she bedroom , pull the cartridge out of she camera , appal to find lindsey flipping through she school year book . susie hey ! that 's private ! susie try to snatch back she yearbook , but lindsey deftly sidestep she . lindsey I let you read mine ! susie give it back ! lindsey what be the big deal ? it 's only a stupid year book . lindsay open the book and read aloud ... lindsey ( cont 'd '' my great personal achievement be : beat dad at chess ... '' lindsey pull a face ... susie you be so go to regret this ! ~~ 23 12 . lindsey '' my life long ambition be : to be a wild life photographer . '' bore ! susie lunge for the book again , as lindsey dart away . lindsey ( cont ’d ) now for the juicy stuff ... ( read ) '' my heart belong to ... '' susie snatch the book and slam it shut ! int . shopping mall - day 23 angle on : ray singh , shopping with he parent . his father be a academic , and he mother wear a traditional indian sari . of indian descendant this family stand out among the other shopper . susie ( v.0 . ) his name be Ray Singh . he come from England and he be eight hundred time smarter than anyone else in my class . angle on : susie , in a lighting store with she grandma , watch the singh family from behind a candelabra . susie ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) plus - he be cool . not like some lame - brain sport jock who think he be cool when he be not . Ray be different ... angle on : ray turn and look back at susie . susie ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) he be nice ... grandma lynn who 's that ? angle on : susie look up at she grandmother . they be seat at a table in the foodhall , eat takeaway food . a salad for lynn and a burger for susie . susie who 's what ? grandma lynn who be the boy you can not take you eye off ? susie blushes ... grandma lynn ( cont ’d ) do he like you as much as you like he ? 13 . susie I do not know ?! ... maybe . grandma lynn then what 's the hold up ? susie look away , embarrassed . susie I be just not sure I ' 11 be any good at it . grandma lynn frown ... grandma lynn ( realise ) ah , the kiss question ! you be quite right - it 's a serious business . you first kiss be destiny knock . susie watch as grandma lynn snap open a powder compact and reapplies another coat of lipstick . grandma lynn ( cont ’d ) if I have it to do over again I would have wear something stupendous - like Fire and Ice ! but revlon do not make that lipstick back then . I would have leave my mark on the man . grandma lynn smack she lip . grandma lynn ( cont 'd ) see susie , if you kiss like a lemon ... susie you make lemonade . grandma lynn precisely . grandma lynn lean closer ... grandma lynn ( cont ’d ) can you keep a secret ? my first kiss come from a grow man . the father of a school friend . susie ( shocked ) grandma ! grandma lynn you be not go to tell on I , be you ? susie course not . grandma lynn I know it be not ' allow 's but boy my own age , I just could not tolerate ! ( more ) ~ 3 24 25 26 14 . grandma lynn ( cont 'd ) I can not describe it susie but that few second with Mr. mcgahern ... now there be a man who know how to kiss ! susie but ... what about grandad ? grandma lynn not much of a kisser . after we get marry I think that with practice he might improve , but he never do . angle on : susie look distract and anxious . grandma lynn pat she on the arm . grandma lynn ( cont ’d ) susie ... just have fun kid . ext . cornfield - day ( early winter 1973 ) 24 we rise past short chopped stump of a harvested cornfield , to see the salmon family car drive past . susie & lindsey ( 0.s. ) ( sing ) Stones and Bones ; snow and frost ; seed and bean and polliwog . int . salmon family car - day 25 angle on : jack drive susie , lindsey and buckley seat in the back of the family car . susie and lindsey be sing at the top of they lung ! susie & lindsey ( sing ) path and twig , assort kiss , we all know who daddy miss ... close on : jack smile at they in the rear-view mirror . jack ( sing in answer ) his two little frog of girl , that 's who ... they know who they be ... do you ? do you ? ext . RUTH ‘s house - day 26 wide on : the salmon family car pull off the road and go up a narrow drive towards a old house perch on a small field . buckley ( 0.s. ) ( chant ) sinkhole ! sinkhole ! 15 . camera crane up past old car wreck and other debris : to reveal a large sinkhole that have spread across the backyard of the property . with crumble side , and a gape dark center , it 's impossible to see how deep it be . buckley leap out of the car and hurry towards the sinkhole ! jack ( alarmed ) Buckley ! no ! ... susie ! susie quickly stop she little brother short of the edge ... both stare into the junk - filled abyss . buckley I want to see the tiny people ! susie shhh ! if you make too much noise they will not come out . thud ! jack tip a old fridge out of the back of the car , and start to push it toward the sinkhole . buckley {loud whisper ) but where be the village ? susie it 's right at the bottom . there 's a entire race of really small repairmen who love fix thing . they nre gonna greet we old refrigerator like it 's a gift from heaven ! a large man in dirty overall approach they . this be mr. connor . jack you might want to think about invest in a fence . mr . connor they do not respond to fence . a mangy dog be manically scratch it 's back on the underside of a old car wreck . mr . connor ( cont 'd ) in ten year it 's swallow half the property . ( to buckley ) that 's why we call it the Beast ! close on : buckley squeeze susie 's hand . mr. connor take swig of whiskey from a flask ... mr . connor ( cont 'd ) it 's sneaky , see ? 27 28 16 . jack sneaky ? mr . connor course it be . come with the territory . jack pardon I ? mr . connor I be not stupid . ( lowering he voice ) one of this day I be gonna dump ten ton of concrete down it 's craw - seal the sucker up for good . angle on : mr. connor help jack heave the fridge into the abyss of the sinkhole ... it tumble into darkness . int . RUTH 's shed - day 27 angle on : jack and mr. connor , see through a cobweb cover half - break window ... jack fish in he pocket pull out a check book . mr. connor no check ... in God we trust - everybody else pay cash . a cloud of smoke float through the foreground . RUTH connor , the connor 's daughter , be smoking pot in the old shed that she have convert into a makeshift den . a knock on the door ... mrs . connor ( 0.s. ) Ruth ? RUTH shit ! RUTH jump up and start madly wave the smoke away . mrs . connor ( 0.s. ) Ruth ? be you in there ? RUTH I be do my homework ! ext . ruth's shed - day 28 mrs . connor rattles the locked door of the shed . mrs . connor what 's that smell ? RUTH ( 0.8 . ) do not hassle I Mom , okay ? om ) 4 '' 3ai0080 omg ea 9 a. 3 '' | '' 3797 TI I - 43 ) 3 ~~ ~y 29 30 17 . mrs . connor reluctantly back off as in the background the salmon 's car drive away ... angle on : ... a8 a large muddy overhang collapse and disappear into darkness on top of the fridge . int . local shopping mall - day ( early winter 1973 ) 29 tracking with : RUTH as she walk past brian and clarissa who be hang out with a group of bore teenager in the local shopping mall which be festoon with tawdry christmas decoration . brian , clarissa and the other snigger loudly as RUTH pass . brian preak -a-zoid ! RUTH piss off shit -for-brain ! brian what be ya gonna do for a face when the camel want it 's ass back ? RUTH give it yours ! the group erupt into peal of laughter . angle on : RUTH , see from inside a move dollshouse , as she disappear from view . int . mall toy store - day 30 from inside the dollshouse , as mr . harvey carry it into the store , lift it on to counter ... the camera slide out of the window and glide along the miniature balcony past the giant figure of mr . harvey and settles on : a eye ! it blink ! store keeper 0.s look at that ! built - in shelf ! wider on : the store keeper rise up from behind the counter . store keeper kid just love put thing on shelf . angle on : built to scale shelf decorate with tiny plate , vase , frame picture etc ... mr . harvey smile , he look distract and anxious ... on the soundtrack : shovelling sound . insert : mr. harvey vigorously digging a hole in moist earth ... under the cover of night . 31 32 18 . store keeper ( cont 'd ) ( admire ) and the detail in the staircase ! it 's remarkable ! you be a real craftsman ! ext . cornfield / underground room - night 32 close on : mr. harvey hammer nail into crude wooden stair . he work fast and intently in a small dark space . int . mall toy store - day 32 the store keeper do not appear to notice mr . harvey be disconnection . store keeper it 's a pleasure to be in business with a man who take such pride in he work . insert : mr. harvey fitting the hatch of a underground door ... store keeper ( cont ’d ) what happen to the flower box this year ? close on : a white washed weatherboard wall - the fail flower box barely visible beneath the paint . store keeper ( cont ’d ) ( chuckle ) do you forget to plant you spring bulb ! ring ! ring ! the familiar SOUND of a bicycle bell ... push in : a child 's hand ring a bell on a bicycle at the back of the store . close on : the store keeper talk ... but all mr. harvey can hear be the heighten sound of the bell ringing . he look at the store keeper , try to mask the conflict inside he head . - store keeper ( cont 'd ) ( distant ) you nre gonna give some little girl a Christmas to remember ! a movement to he left make mr . harvey turn : abigail with buckley in tow be hurriedly buying a few christmas gift from another shop assistant . mr. harvey stare as a SMALL charm be sly across the counter with a dollar note . close on : the tiny silver charm shape as a house , disappear into a paper bag . close on : mr. harvey look up and see : buckley stare at he ; a strangely solemn expression on he face . 33 34 35 19 . int . salmon house / kitchen - day ( winter 1973 ) 33 susie and lindsey be leave for school . buckley sit at the kitchen table work on a crayon drawing . . abigail produce a woollen hand knitted hat , adorn with a pompom and jingle bell on top . she give it to susie - who hold the hat as if it be a dead animal . susie what ... be it ? abigail ( to lindsey ) I have get book club tonight . do not be late home . susie and lindsey exchange a look as lindsey slip past . abigail ( cont 'd ) t finish it last night . do you like t' susie oh yeah ! it 's ... lovely . abigail well , put it on , it 's cold out . ext . salmon house - day 34 susie and lindsey head off across they lawn . notice she mother watch , susie reluctantly jam the jingle bell hat on . lindsey really suit you , suze ! int . school corridor - day 35 wide on : susie stuff book into she school locker , in the busy school corridor . from behind she locker door she hear a voice . ray ( 0.s. ) you be beautiful , susie salmon . susie shut the locker door and see : ray singh ... lean against the corridor wall . susie oh ! hi , Ray ... ray I have a spare ticket to the Zefferelli film . they be screen it in the gym . 20 . susie ( regain composure ) I can not . have to be home early . ray you sure ? susie start to feel self conscious and avert she eye . close on : susie stare into the back of she locker , she hand fumble book ... she do not dare look at ray . susie if I do not hurry I x11 miss my bus . susie scoops out a pile of book and folder ... exercise book cover in pop STAR photo ... poetry book . dreamy shot : susie spin around and find herself stare into ray' eye . ray I ' 11 walk you . ray offer he hand ... susie take it ... in slow motion they walk down the corridor hand in hand . back to reality : susie turn with a armful of book ... they topple , crashing to the floor ! horrify , she scramble to pick they up . ray ( cont 'd ) maybe next time ? close on : ray gather up susie 's biology book ... he secretly slip a fold note into the book . angle on : susie stand ... ray hand she the biology book . ray ( cont 'd ) you forget this . susie thanks ! well ... enjoy the movie . I hope it 's better than the last one ! ray ah , yes . othello ! susie that guy look pretty stupid with black make - up on . ray Sir lawrence olivier ? susie what a loser ! 21 . ray well , it 's not every actor who can play ' the moor 's . ray be stare intently at susie ... ray ( cont 'd ) ( softly ) you be beautiful susie salmon . ray lean closer ... susie ( v.0 . } I suddenly wish I be wear something other than my yellow bell - bottom and my stinking sheepskin boot with dirty synthetic shearing spilling out at the seam . susie ( cont 'd ) ( flustered ) be you really from England ? ray yes ... ray be look deeply into susie 's eye . the corridor be emptying . susie ( v.0 . ) if I have know this be to be the sex scene of my life , I would have at least prepare a bit in advance and reapply my strawberry - banana kiss potion . ray lean closer still ... ray susie ... susie what ? ray nos lip part slightly ... susie 's eye close ... she prepare to receive she first dizzying kiss . RUTH ( loudly ) for God 's sake ! sudden commotion as RUTH connor , come storming out of a classroom , into the corridor . principal caden be on she heel , clutching a wooden artist 's figure . principal caden ( annoyed ) there be no breast on this wooden armature . susie and ray quickly straighten up . 36 37 22 . RUTH there be not a nose or mouth either ! be art about realism or stupid doll ? principal caden that 's enough , young lady ! it 's clear you unnecessary anatomical addition get the Nelson boy thoroughly over - excited ! RUTH he steal my draw ! principal caden and now there be copy all over the school ! it 's flagrant abuse of a xerox machine ! susie and ray avert they eye as RUTH stalk past ... the moment broken . principal caden scowl at they . principal caden ( cont ’d ) move along . School 's out ! ext . school - dusk 36 tracking : with the school bus as it pull away from the entrance . susie run out of the school as the bus disappear . she slow to a walk as she realize she be one of the few kide leave in the near empty car park . susie have no choice - she set off towards the cornfield which lie between the school and she STREET . angle on : ahead , RUTH be already walk across the cornfield , weaving around the dead stalk and break husk . int . salmon house - night 37 close on : buckley 's drawing be now tape to the fridge - a curve horizon with layer of cloud and sky , render with sweep of bold colour ... he look proudly on , as abigail cross back to the bench with some chop . lindsey be watch " the partridge family '' on tv . jack arrive home . buckley leap on he ! jack whoa ! help ! oxygen please ! jack disentangle buckley and kiss abigail on the cheek . jack ( cont ’d ) how be you day ? 38 39 40 23 . ext . cornfield - night 38 intercut close ups : RUTH 's feet and susiex feet trample across the icy field ... the light be drop fast on this murky winter afternoon . angle on : RUTH hurry on , hunching against the cold ... darkness be close in ... RUTH make it to the far side of the cornfield and disappear into tree . wide on : susie be now alone , halfway across the cornfield ... away in the distance boy play soccer on the school field ... faint shout as a goal be score . close on : susien feet crunching . susie walk briskly , pull she coat around she . she take the jingle bell hat out of she pocket and jam it on ... in the process drop she biology book ... before susie can pick the book up , the wind flick the page OPEN and rayn note blow out ... susie frown and hurrie after it . close on : the note roll and sail amongst the broken corn stalk , manage to stay just ahead of susie' outstretch finger . int . salmon live room / kitchen - night 39 the stove timer ring . ext . cornfield - night 40 close on : susie swipe at the note ... which be suddenly trapped under a man' shoe ! susie freeze ... she look up at mr. harvey . he smile . mr . harvey you be the salmon girl , right ? susie be take aback . susie yes . mr . harvey I nve build something back here . would you like to see it ? mr . harvey gesture to a patch of broken ground , hide amidst the corn remnant . susie actually , Mr harvey , I have to get home - 41 42 24 . mr . harvey it will not take long ... come on , susie - you can spare five minute . close on : susie stare mr. harvey ... catch off guard . susie ( v.0 . ) I be kind of flatter that he know my name . I wish now I have know this be weird ... susie glance at the ground with a mix of suspicion and curiosity . susie ( cont 'd ) I do not see anything . angle on : mr. harvey ... headlight from passing truck reflect in he glass . susie ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) I be aware that Mr harvey be look at I strangely . older man have look at I that way since I would lose my baby fat , but not when I be wear my royal blue parka and yellow elephant bell - bottom . mr . ( vey you should be more observant , susie . mr. harvey tap he foot on the ground : a hollow SOUND . susie what be it ? susie walk forward , curious . close on : with each step , a thin layer of ice crack beneath susie 's feet ... like break glass . int . salmon house - night 41 abigail call everyone to dinner . abigail dinner 's on the table ... where 's susie ? ext . cornfield - night 42 angle on : mr. harvey lift a hatch - revealing a small underground room ... warm cosy candlelight reflect on susie 's low angle : susie tentatively step forward and peer down into the room . 25 . 43 int . salmon house - night 43 lindsey have almost finish she meal . abigail keep glance out of the window , look for susie come down the STREET . lindsey maybe she go to the mall . abigail ( concerned ) what would she be do at the mall ? lindsey ( shrug ) clarissa get a job at dairy Queen . jack be already on he foot , haul on he jacket . jack I will go . 44 ext . underground room - night 44 as mr. harvey help susie down the stair , the camera sink past broken cornstalk . bug crawl over the dead brown plant . 45 int . underground room - night 45 angle on : susie step off the bottom stair and take in the underground room : the shelf adorn with small decorative household object ... a glass with a toothbrush ... a mirror ... in any other circumstance , this would be a child 's dream fort . susie ( surprised ) hey ! this be neato ! mr . harvey look around . make yourself at home . 46 int , shopping mall - night 46 tracking with jack : as he stride through the mall . mindless 70 's muzak bounce off store window and tile floor as the shop prepare to close up . jack scan the crowd for any sign of susie . series of quick image : several brown-haired girl - anyone of . whom could be susie - turn they head as the camera race past . jack find clarissa serve at dairy queen ... brian be nearby play pinball with a group of friend . they have not see susie . as jack hurry away , he hear a shriek of laughter as brian make a joke at jack 's expense . [ a [ l t be be [ for for for ry [ as be [ i be 26 . int . underground room - night 47 close on : mr. harvey show small sign of agitation . susie this be .a cool place , Mr. harvey - mr. harvey I build it for the kid in the neighborhood . susie ( v.0 ) I know he be lie . but it be a itiful lie . I imagine he be onely . mr. harvey I think it could be some sort of + + + clubhouse . susie ( v.0 . ) we have read about man like he in health class . Men who never marry and who eat freeze meal every night . I feel sorry for he even though he give I the skeevies ! close on : susie 's eye stray towards the stair . mr. harvey would you like a refreshment , susie ? susie actually Mr. harvey , I have to go . mr. harvey I be not sure that 's very polite . ( terse ) be polite . have a coke . ext . neighbourhood street - night 48 tracking : jack drive back through the neighbourhood scan the street . int . underground room - night 49 mr . harvey 's photo flicker in the candle light , susie hold a coke be reflect in the glass . this same photo be later see in other place : in he car , he house ~- it 's he prefer image of himself . the respectable persona he have spend year cultivate . mr . harvey it 's so warm in here . why do not you take off you parka ? susie be feel very uncomfortable ... without take she eye off mr . harvey , she slowly put she coke bottle down on the shelf «+. mext to a shaving brush and razor . 50 51 27 . mr . harvey ( cont 'd ) you ‘’re very pretty , susie . susie make a lunge for stair lead up to the hatch ! close on : a padlock secure the hatch . susie push uselessly against it . mr . harvey ( cont 'd ) sit down . mr . harvey pull susie down off the stair and shove she onto a bench . susie ( babbling ) if I be late home , Mom 's gonna be mad as hell . it 's book club night - she 's gonna be really upset if she 's miss she meeting ! mr . harvey you be not leave susie ... on the soundtrack : who love you ? by the four season light dart about the room as the table with the candle be knock over ... muffled sound of a struggle - horrible smile porcelain face of little china ornament stare blankly . int . ' salmon house - night 50 the SOUND of the front door open ... abigail 's face brighten . abigail susie ??? abigail hurry into the hall , only to find jack come in ... alone . abigail and jack 's eye meet . neither attempt to disguise they alarm int . underground room ~- night 51 angle on : susie 's charm bracelet be rip from she wrist as she struggle to fight off mr. harvey . susie ( v.0 . ) I fight hard . I fight as hard as I could not to let Mr. harvey hurt I . but '' as hard as I could " be not good enough . it be not even close . close on : a porcelain figure smashes on the ground ... it 's face break off , but it 's grin mouth stay intact , as mr . harvey' shoe grind susiex charm bracelet into the dirt . 52 53 54 55 28 . ext . cornfield - night 52 image : soccer player in the distant sport field . player run around under the bright be light call to each other , steam rise off the field . image : truck drive past the cornfield , only a couple of hundred foot away ... flick radio channel play a pastiche of 70' pop music . tracking quickly : across the broken corn towards the underground ri M. susie ( v.0 ) Mr. harvey make I lie still . I hear he heart . I smell he breath . the earth surround we be moist . I think about worm and animal ... int . underground room - night 53 close on : susie' face as radio music from distant truck whizze past . image : of disturb soil , susie 's discard shoe ... a coke bottle half bury in churn up dirt . susie ( v.0 . ) all I know be he have do this thing to I and I have live . I be still breathe . close on : mr. harvey lean over susie , gently brush away a lock of she hair from she damp forehead ... he glass reflect the smile photograph of himself in both lense . mr . harvey ( hoarse ) say it , susie ... I need to hear you to say it . close on : susie as she stare into the abyss of mr harvey' intent . ext . cornfield - night 54 close on : bug crawl and devour corn husk . star twinkle in the clear night sky . ext . roadside - night 55 angle on : RUTH walk down a road towards she house , the school playing field behind she . RUTH suddenly stop in she track , as if sensing something behind er wee 56 57 29 . RUTH look back towards the cornfield ... the wind pick up strength ... a couple of bird flutter away ... a low , distant whistle ... as the coach blows for a penalty kick . rushing shot : towards RUTH , wild , out of control . close on : ruth's face , puzzle . close on : RUTH 's hand ... as susie be brushes past it , barely touch . a fleeting moment , which cause RUTH to turn to see who run past : angle on : susie flee into the night ... for one brief moment , she glance back - look into RUTH 's eye ... and be immediately swallow by darkness . int . salmon house - night 56 close on : a clock read 10.30 be ... the sudden SOUND of voice downstair . abigail ( 0.s. ) what about the police ? they want to speak with both of we ... jack ( 0.s. ) I can not sit at home when we daughter be miss ! lindsey hurry out of she room in she pyjamas ... she be half way down the stair when she see jack pull on a coat by the front door ... close on : jack snatch a school photo of susie off the shelf on he way out . jack ( cont 'd ) someone must have see she ! lindsey where 's dad go ? abigail look up at lindsey . h abigail ( shar , ) go back rie heat int . susie 's bedroom - night 57 lindsey hurry into susiex bedroom and look out of the window as jack car screech off into the night ... she watch abigail walk to the middle of the lawn , pick up susiex bike and take it into the garage . lindsey turn away from the window ... a moment of silence in she sister' quiet room . she pick up a pin off susie 's dress table which say : ' hippy dippy say Love . ' es ae 58 59 60 30 . beneath the teenage debris of nail polish , cheap jewelry , hair tie and trinket box be susie 's school yearbook ... lindsey hesitates ... she finger hover over the book ... close on : lindsey flip to the last page of the book . at the bottom of the page the standard question : my heart belong to ... close on : '' Ray Singh '' in susie be handwrite ext . town street - night 58 on the soundtrack : do not ask I question by Graham parker image : jack show susie 's photo to various late - night townsfolk «++ seven-elevens ... gas station ... STREET cleaners ... angle on : jack walk past a dumpster . he hesitates , double back and lift the heavy lid , peer inside . at that moment : jack look across the STREET , and he gaze settles on a rough look homeless guy . jack move towards he with purpose . the homeless guy become aware of jack 's focus and start to hurry away . jack run across the STREET ... sudden squeal of brake ! a car have to swerve suddenly to avoid hit jack . jack stumble and lose he grip on susie 's photo ... it get swept up by the gust of the passing car which do not stop . angle on : jack hurry down the STREET ... pick up susie' photo from the dirty puddle where it land . close on : muddy water run down she face like tear . int . salmon live room - night 59 angle on : two detective stand in the live room with abigail . this be len fenerman and he deputy . fenerman have you daughter go miss on previous occasion , Mrs. salmon ? abigail I be sorry ? fenerman have there be any conflict at home ? marital problem - family difficulty ? abigail no - nothing like that . int . salmon house / upstair landing - night 60 tracking : lindsey sneak along the landing , catch glimpse of the detective through the live room door ... snatch of conversation carry up the stair . 61 62 31 . fenerman we will need a list of susie 's friend , phone number , address and a description of what she be wear - abigail I do not understand why she be not on the bus . she always catch the bus . it stop at the end of we street . angle on : len fenerman look at abigail intently . fenerman do susie have a boyfriend ? abigail look up ... abigail I beg you pardon ? fenerman it 's a routine question , Mrs. salmon . abigail she do not have a boyfriend . close on : lindsey listen . abigail ( cont 'd ) I be she mother . I would know . ext . neighbourhood street - day 61 wide on : the quiet street of the salmon 's neighbourhood be now busy with activity . several police car ... payr of cop knock on every door . angle on : police dog leap out of a van , they handlers reign they in . angle on : police dog lead the search in local wood . ext . school - day 62 angle on : jack look pale and drain , drop lindsey at school +++ holiday ride in the back seat . jack do not appear to see lindsey ... he 's not connect with he daughter ... he 's on auto-pilot . lindsey react to police car park outside the school . lindsey what happen to she , dad ? jack do not hear lindsey ... he be stare at a school girl who look just like susie from the back - she might be susie . close on : holiday paw at the car window ... he start to whine . 63 64 32 . jack be fixate on a brown haire girl ... he feel the tiniest glimmer of hope , and jump out of the car ! lindsey ( cont 'd ) dad ? angle on : the girl turn - and jack see that she look nothing like susie . angle on : principal caden be hover at the school door , wait for lindsey . lindsey look at she father who be stare blankly ahead . she open the car door and angrily hurl it shut , jolting jack out of he reverie . neither jack nor lindsey notice holiday bound away from the car towards the cornfield . . jack I will come get you after school . principal caden swoops in , guide lindsey towards the corridor . principal caden lindsey ... I have just speak with the police . the staff - the entire school , want you to know we be so very sorry . lindsey sorry for what ? principal caden hurry to keep up with lindsey as she stride down the crowded school corridor . principal caden well ... for you loss . lindsey I be not aware I would lose anything . ext . neighbourhood street - day 63 tracking : follow holiday as the dog run through neighbourhood street . holiday be carry something in he mouth . clod of mud drop behind he . abigail ( v.0 . ) she think I ask too much of she ... angle : holiday leap fence ... cut across neighbour 's garden '' + + head towards the salmon house . int . salmon live room / kitchen - day 64 angle on : abigail in she live room folding washing ... jack move restlessly around the room , check the clock ... peer out of the window ... agitate . 65 66 67 '' fs '' ay tav4ivsd4d : dl STI .9 3 ) i ) 37°90 723 oududul ts a yx ~ F 33 . abigail +. because she 's the eldest . I tell she if she want to be so grewn up , if she want to go out with she friend then she need to start earning the privilege . she have to respect the rule . ext . salmon STREET - day 65 tracking with : holiday run through hedge and across lawns , carry the muddy object towards he house . abigail ( 0.s. ) I say to be home before five because this one time I plan to go out . she should have rung if she could not get home . int . salmon house - day 66 abigail rigorously shake out another item of clothing . abigail I would nve pick she up . she know she only have to call I . I will always pick she up - bbigatl 's breath catch in she throat . jack catch hold of she and . jack abbie - abigail she 's only be go a night . angle on : holiday bound through the house ... appear in the doorway of the lounge . jack and abigail turn in surprise ... he drop the muddy object on the floor . close on : jack pick up susie ' S soile jingle bell hat ... slowly unrol it from the muddy tangle . abigail 's breathe stop at the gentle sound of the bell tinkle . a dead corn husk roll out of the hat . ext . cornfield - day 67 wide : crime scene tape be roll between post at the cornfield . angle on : detective fenerman hurry across the field towards a deputy , who be crouched over something . close on : ray singh 's note ... crumpled and mud -stained . fenerman gingerly pick the note up by a corner , hold it between glove nger . 68 69 34 . raised voice : fenerman look up and see jack , jump out of he car , follow by abigail . they be crossing the police line , hurry across the cornfield . cur to : angle on : fenerman be talking with jack and abigail ... he be herding they back behind the police line . team of police be search the field behind they . fenerman hand the plastic bag contain ray 's note to jack . jack what be it ? fenerman it appear to be a love letter . abigail a love letter ... to susie ? fenerman from a young man who call himself ' the moor 's . do that mean anything to you ? jack and abigail look blank . int . school corridor - day 68 the school corridor be crowded with student . angle on : lindsey turn as ray singh , flanke on either side by two police officer , be lead towards the door ... principal caden hurry self - importantly up the rear . student stare and whisper ... ray 's eye flick towards lindsey as he pass . int . ruth's house - night 69 tv image : ray singh , be be bundle into a police car . tv announcer " the police be question a male student in connection with the disappearance of miss schoolgirl susie salmon . '' pull back to reveal : mr. connor in he armchair , a Beer in he hand , watch tv . mr . connor give I two second alone with that animal ! RUTH shuffles into the room in she pajamas . she 's sleepy - eye and dishevel . 70 71 72 73 35 . mr . connor ( cont 'd ) I would cut off he ball and ram ‘em down he throat ! tv image : shaky shot of ray be escort into the police station , with a coat cover he head . tv announcer '' just three day ago the fourteen year old youngster vanish on she way home from school ... '' angle on : the shot on tv cut to the school portrait photo of susie . tv announcer ( cont 'd ) '' Police be now say they hold grave fear for she safety . '' RUTH stare at the tv image of susie : push in on : susie 's frozen pace ... a rushing SOUND build . smash CUT : ext . roadside - night 70 susie 's sink terrify eye ... glance back at RUTH , veile in a strange light . she 's running , but do not appear to be touching the ground . ext . heaven / susie 's STREET - night 71 susie' Pov : racing fast down the darkened STREET towards she angle on : susie , she heart be pound ... adrenaline propel she along the sidewalk , over lawns , across driveway as she race towards the safety of she house . susie ( yell ) Mom ! dad ! int . heaven / susie 's house - night 72 angle on : susie burst into she house through the front door ... susie ( yell ) ue Mom !!!! dad ??? int . police station - night . 73 abigail and jack be sit in fenerman 's office . fenerman sit behind he desk . 74 75 36 . fenerman we have recover some item of interest . jack what do that mean ? fenerman we have find the remain of a ... cavity in the earth ... some kind of wooden structure . jack attempt to digest this . he look rattled ... he know that on some level thing be look ominous but he can not quite process this new information and choose to focus only on what he can manage . abigail , on the other hand , be processing too much . abigail Jack , I want to go home . now. please . jack I be sorry - I do not follow . how be this relevant ? penerman we do not know if this thing be relevant , Mr. salmon . we have send the wood and soil sample to the lab . int . heaven / salmon house - night 74 susie hurry through the dark and empty house ... she bound up the stair towards she bedroom ... try to enter , but the door be locked ! with mounting panic and confusion , she stumble into she parent bedroom . image : her parent both asleep under they blanket . close on : susie relieved . susie Mom ... angle on : susie pull the blanket away - revealing nothing but mr . harvey' grotesque crack china ornament lie on the pillow . susie be full of dread ... a fast rise fear . she back out of she parent 's bedroom ... int . heaven / shopping mall - night 75 + ++ into a unfamiliar pure white room ... as she turn in confusion , she find herself in a overly light women 's restroom . susie stare at the mirror above a wash hand basin . something be wrong ... she have no reflection . susie rush for the door ... and run headlong into a shopping 76 17 78 37 . susie take in she surroundings ... the bright light of the mall suddenly flicker and dim ... angle on : susie look up at the flickering light ... and find herself in a swirl image of a room in a dollshouse . close on : the fizzing light bulb ... int . mr. harvey' basement - dawn 76 a single overhead bulb snap on as mr . harvey hurriedly pull box away to reveal a old - fashioned safe . mr . harvey be dishevel ... shoe muddy , bit of corn -stalk be stick to he trousers . he be breathe hard , he agitation fill the confined space ... he fumble at the safe dial and wrench open the door . mr . harvey haul a sack towards the safe - a waxy , orange sack leak a dark , viscous liquid which stain the concrete floor . he stuff the sack into the safe . thud ! the heavy safe - door smashes shut ... int . heaven / shopping mall - night 77 thud ! a large black shadow slam in front of susie , a invisible door ... as a brightly light store be plunge into darkness . thud ! thud ! thud ! susie look around in grow alarm as the shopping mall start close down in a spooky , automated kind of way ... escalator lurch to a juddering halt ... metal grill grind down over dimming shop frontagea ... ornamental fountain abruptly shut off ... the ubiquitous mall muzak slow to a distort atonal whine , eventually subside into static white noise ... while all around fluorescent light flicker and die ... thud ! thud ! susie be now trap in pitch darkness , the sound of the shopping mall decay to nothing ... angle on : in the distance , light by a single spotlight in the inky black , be mr harvey' safe . susie recoil away from it , stumbling backwards ... suddenly crashing through a life-size dollshouse door , sprawling onto she ck . int . heaven / harvey' dollshouse - night 78 angle on : susie lie on the pink paint floor of a giant size , dollshouse ... she suddenly become aware of the figure of a girl shuffle in jerky atep up the staircase . susie hey ...- 79 80 81 82 38 . angle on : susie leap up the stair and the girl spin around , revealing the face of susie 's smile school portrait photo ! susie recoil in horror ... the girl disappear and sit there all alone in the dark , susie see : a brightly lit bathroom door . sound of running water ... int . mr. harvey' bathroom - day 79 close on : a running tap ... steam drift off the hot water . a brightly lit , shiny , white tile bathroom ... mr. harvey' pull - over stain with blood lie on the floor . angle on : mr. harvey sit in the steamy water - wash away he sin . mud and blood cloud the bath water . close on : a wash cloth cover mr . harveyn face ... he breathe pulsate under the cloth ... push in on the heaving cloth . mr . harvey {under face cloth ) say it ... smash CUT : int . underground room - night 80 close on : mr. harvey lean over susie , brush away a lock of hair from she damp forehead ... mr . harvey ( whisper ) I need to hear you say it . int . mr. harvey 's bathroom - day 81 close on : the face cloth pulsate with mr . harvey 's breathing , as he relive the moment : mr . harvey ( under face cloth ) tell I you love I . CUT wide : int . heaven / mr . harvey 's bathroom - day 82 susie stand in the bathroom doorway ... frozen . close on : susie 's charm bracelet dangle from a tap on the wash hand basin . susie raise she hand and stare transfixed as she sleeve fall away , revealing a bare arm . susie be gaze travel up to the shelf above the basin ... y 4 ' 5 83 84 85 86 87 88 39 . tracking in : on the bloodstained razor . angle on : susie in SHOCK . in this moment susie realize mr . harvey kill she . intercut : ext . cornfield - night 83 angle on : mr. harvey grunt with effort as he haul the sack contain susie 's body out of the hole in the field . intercut : int . heaven / mr . harvey 's bathroom - day 84 close on : susie - she be overwhelmed as she begin to process what mr . harvey have take from she ... as susie' anger build the bathroom slowly tilt ... tendril of steam start to curl up from the floor ... ext . cornpield - night 85 image : mr. harvey throw muddy timber into he car ... the ladder , a box of china ornament ... quickly and efficiently covering he track . intercut : int . heaven / mr . harvey' bathroom - day 86 angle on : susie walk into the bathroom consume with murderous rage ... the bathroom wall twist and shrink . intercut : int . mr. harvey' bathroom - day 87 angle on : mr. harvey lather soap on he arm and chest ... close on : susie walk over to the shelf above the wash hand basin . white enamel paint blister and bubbles on the bathroom wall ... the room start to slowly spin as susie , move forward . her eye be fix on the razor . angle on : mr. harvey in the bath tub meticulously scrubbing he hand and nail . susie reach for the razor ... intercut : ext . cornfield - night 88 wide on : mr. harvey 's car pull out onto the road , drive away from the cornfield . — ~3 89 90 91 92 40 . close on : the sack with susie' body on he back seat . ext . town street - night 89 SOUND : squeal of tire , as mr . harvey swerve ! angle on : a fleeting glimpse of jack salmon stumbling away from the car - replaying a familiar scene from a different point of view . mr . harvey accelerate away ... suddenly , susie' photo swirl in the wind and land against mr . harvey' windscreen . for a split second , he find himself look straight into susie ' S freeze face . the photo slide away only to be replace by a reflection of mr . harvey stare wild - eye into e glass . int . heaven / mr . harvey' bathroom - day 90 close on : susiex finger hover above the razor ... there be a frightening intensity in she eye . behind susie , reflect in the bathroom mirror the room be twist and rotate ... mr. harvey in he bath tub be now suspend from the ceiling . close on : mr. harvey soap the back of he neck ... angle on : susie she hesitate ... the room twist and turn violently behind she , heaving and breathing ... susie 's head be fill with the sound of mr . harvey be voice . mr . harvey ( distort ) say it ! say it ! I need to hear you say it ! the pressure inside susie' head build and build and build ... close on : susie scream . smash CUT : int . mr. harvey 's bathroom - day 91 mr . harvey suddenly look up ... slow motion : he razor fall off the shelf and clatter to the floor . int . salmon house / live room - day 92 abigail and jack be stand numbly in the live room , eye train on len fenerman who be nervously shuffle a sheaf of papers . 93 94 95 96 97 41 . fenerman we have the result of the soil analysis . the lab find a significant amount of blood ... the same blood type as you daughter . it be also on she hat ... angle on : len fenerman glance at jack and then abigail . he turn away for a moment and then awkwardly blunder on . fenerman ( cont ’d ) it 's too much ... to hope for a positive outcome . a small gasp escape from abigail as she crumple into a armchair . jack be stare at nothing ... unable to move or speak . fenerman ( cont ’d ) I be so sorry . : int . jack 's study - night 93 angle on : jack sit in he study , surround by he ship - in - bottle . lindsey be stand in the doorway . lindsey she 's dead , be not she ? ext . salmon house / STREET - night 94 on the soundtrack : after hour by Velvet Underground in the foreground : the dark dead shape of mr . harvey' green house loom . distant sound of breaking glass . int . lindsey 's bedroom - night . 95 lindsey be lie wide awake in the dark when she hear the sound of breaking glass ... with every shatter crash she flinch . int . mr. harvey 's house - night 96 close on : a delicate brush stroke create a beautiful paint flower on the side of a dollshouse . mr . harvey be deeply focused on he work ... music flow around he . he be at peace . int . jack 's study - night . 97 jack be surround by shard of glass ... model of ship lie broken on the floor . jack pick up the last bottle ... and smashes it down on the lip of window sill where it shatter to smithereen ... 98 42 . breathe heavily , jack stagger back , look at he handiwork . susie ( 0.s. ) ( call , distant ) dad ...! dad .... close on : jack it be unclear if he be hearing susie 's voice in real time or if he be catch in a memory .... angle on : jack pick up a crumpled ship ... jack susie , my baby , my sailor girl ... + + + and slide down the wall sobbing . ext . heaven - day 98 hundred of soul be stream into the air , dazzle translucent light disappear into the blue depth of the sky leave light trail like sky rocket . susie be eye swing back to earth ... she stare back at the world from which she have fle . there be a mortify expression on she face ... as she pace slow almost to a stop . holly ( 0.s. ) do not stop ! you be not suppose to stop ! susie look around and see holly ... a vietnamese girl of around 13 year of age run towards she wildly wave she arm . holly ( cont 'd ) keep go ! you have still get some forward momentum ! susie look up at the trail of flicker light vanish into the sky and back again at the recede earth . holly ( cont ’d ) no ! no ! do not look back ! susie ( daze ) what ??? holly you can not look back - it 's fatal ! angle on : holly slump on a park bench , out of breath . susie well it 's a little late for that . holly ( sigh ) know . susie I be susie . 43. holly extend she hand ... holly Holly ... well actually Holly 's not my real name - but it 's a lot better than denise . susie look around and be immediately catch by a fantasy landscape which unfold before she eye ... a graceful gazebo be sit in the middle of a park ... dog of all variety run free on rippling lawns ... old fashioned STREET lamp with hang globe throw pool of light on to ice cream shop , magazine stand ... there be football field ... house and school ... it 's susie 's world as she know it - filter through the bdealized lens of a teenage girl . a eclectic mix of dream a ss. . susie and holly be not alone in this world - other shadowy figure drift in and out , play out the storey of they personal existence ... in they own alter reality . susie Holly - holly be stare at susie 's royal blue parka ... holly oh my God ! I have get a eyeshadow that colour . fantasia Blue - in a wand stick . my Mom never let I wear makeup on earth . susie be this where people go when they die ? 99 ext . salmon house - day 99 tracking : a large fancy car pull into the salmon driveway . a thin , elegant woman step out of the back seat - grandma lynn have return . buckley come rush out of the house . buckley excited ) grandma 's here ! buckley hug grandma lynn around the knee as she lift a thin cigarette out of he way , brush fall ash from he hair . grandma lynn : yes , yes , alright ! stand up , child let_me see you ... you mother 's still shopping at Walmart , I see . 100 ext . heaven / gazebo - day 100 angle on : grandma lynn 's face loom past susie 's gazebo , larger than life , as susie struggle to grasp she new reality . 101 102 44 . susie grandma ! as susie move across the gazebo , grandma lynn slide away and she find herself look into a trash can down the street . int . salmon house - day 101 angle on : grandma lynn step inside , swathed in a expensive fur coat . behind she , jack struggle into the hallway with heavy suitcase ... a drift of snow follow he through the door . jack be this all of it ? grandma lynn do not be ridiculous ! that 's just my make -up . abigail dutifully kiss she mother as the huge fur coat be unceremoniously dumped in she arm . grandma lynn make a beeline for the liquor cabinet . grandma lynn ( cont ’d ) still as handsome as hell , Jack . what be you have ? jack actually , I be not drink this day . grandma lynn not drink ? well - that 's you problem in a nutshell . abigail stare at she mother . abigail ( quietly ) you do not have to come . grandma lynn start pour herself a drink . grandma lynn she be my grand daughter . of course I have to come . int . salmon kitchen - night 102 buckley be sit at the table , drink a glass of milk . grandma lynn be chain smoking ... she be tired and wrung out . buckley where 's susie ? grandma lynn susie 's go to Heaven , darling . through the window , jack be help abigail unload grocery from the . a ) 4s . buckley lindsey say there be no Heaven . grandma lynn ( sigh ) alright then ... susie 's dead . buckley ponder this for a moment . buckley you might be dead soon . grandma lynn why do you say that ? buckley because you be old . grandma lynn thirty five be not old . drink you mis . grandma lynn start fumble around in she handbag . grandma lynn ( cont 'd ) nothing 's go to happen to I . do you know why ? buckley earnestly shake he head . grandma lynn ( cont 'd ) because I always take my medicine ! grandma lynn take a huge slug from a hip flask . buckley grandma ! I know where she be ! angle on : grandma lynn look up as buckley suddenly scramble down from the table and run over to the fridge in a rush of excitement . buckley ( cont ’d ) she 's here ! close on : buckley point to the thick blue line of crayon that separate the air from the ground . buckley ( cont 'd ) susie 's in the ' inbetween 's . ext . heaven - day angle on : susie turn a graceful somersault in the air . she xebound off a trampoline - with the grace of a seasoned acrobat . susie ( v.0 . ) the air in my heaven smell like skunk . it be a smell that I always love on Earth , a sharp , pungent linger musk ... Holly 's smelt of kumquat . es sts ss 103 104 46 . angle on : susie in a long cotton nightdress , stand on the edge of a towering cliff top . her arm raise ... rain on she face ... the wind rip through she hair ... . susie ( v.0 . ) ( cont ’d ) I would look out over the sea and wait for a storm to come ... for a brief moment susie be illuminated by a bolt of lightning ! susie ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) and a few moment later ... on the soundtrack the rumbling boom of thunder morph into thundering feet and rapturous applause . susie and holly wave and bow revelling in the adulation of the audience . susie ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) we have be give in we heaven , we simple dream . news stand feature glamour shot of susie and holly on the cover of fashion magazine ... newspaper trumpet holly and susie stories ... susie cut they photo out and pin they on a wall along side david cassidy and david bowie poster . susie ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) there be no teacher in school . the boy do not pinch we backside and we textbook read consist entirely of seventeen , glamour and vogue magazine ... it be perfect . int . jack 's study - night 103 jack be hold a broken bottle . susie ( v.0 . ) well , not quite perfect . because I could not have what I want most - close on : he gently place the break bottle on the window sill , and sit a lighted candle within it . ext . heaven - sunset 104 angle on : susie ' S eye be suddenly catch as candle light flicker in the gazebo . captivate she move toward it . holly panic and run after she ... holly susie - angle on : on a simple table in the middle of the gazebo , the shopping mall candelabra burn with a plickering flame . image : as susie step into the gazebo , she world shift in to out of control distort view of the broken bottle . 47 . snapped ship mast twist around she , even the gazebo seem to bend and overwhelm she as glass fragment tumble past in slow motion . susie stumble back , she view fill with the silent distraught face of she father - shattered into dozen of fragment through the prism of broken bottle . 105 ext . gazebo / heaven - day ( spring 1974 ) 105 susie watch jack on earth ... she father wake up in he bed , get up , have to face the reality of the day ahead . there be a jisconnect start to happen between he and abigail . susie ( v.0 . ) every day my father feel the same heavy weight press down on he ... the slow seeping poison of guilt . 106 int . police station - day 106 jack be pace the floor of fenerman 's office . fenerman Jack , about this call you have be make - jack I know the people in my neighbourhood , Len . I could have tell you from the start , Ray Singh be not involved . now , I have be do some homework . employment history . background check - fenerman Jack ... Jack ... image : jack pour over file . talk with various employer . susie ( v.0 . ) it lay on he like the hand of God - a voice repeat inside he head : '' you be not there when you daughter need you ... '' jack some of thing I have find out would surprise you . fenerman with all due respect , Jack , this be police work . we simply can not follow up on every one of you lead - real or imagine . jack there 's nothing imaginary about my lead , Len . I be tell you I think I know who 's responsible . fenerman who ? image : norman angle on : mr. glass . 48. image : jack attend a music concert at school ... fixate on the back of somebody 's head . susie ( v.0 . ) I want to tell he I be okay . that he do not have to worry . I want to send out a rescue party and save he from himself . jack norman stead . fpenerman the music teacher ? stead bow before the audience . jack he come from Poland . he be torture during the war . fenerman i’1l make a note of it , jack I think you should interview he . fenerman we be interview everybody . leave it with I . 107 int . mr. harvey 's house - day 107 harvey be fussing around try to find he mr . harvey I be sorry - you catch I in the middle of lunch ... detective fenerman and detective 2 take in the innocuous blandness of mr . harvey be kitchen ; a half - eat sandwich , a glass of milk , several dollshouse in various state of completion . fenerman I apologise for any inconvenience , Mr. harvey . we will try not to keep you ong . mr . harvey no trouble at all . I hear you be go door to door . it 's you job , after all ... to ask question . penerman yes . mr . harvey I be afraid I really do not know the salmon family well . — 4 108 49 . close on : a bench where mr . harvey have be carefully glue broken china ornament together . fenerman look at the crack and break grin face . mr . harvey ( cont 'd ) a moment of clumsiness . mr . harvey gesture to susiex photo which fenerman hold . mr . harvey ( cont 'd ) be this the little girl who ...? fenerman offer the photo to mr . harvey ... who start search for he reading glass . fenerman take in the idealized photo of mr . harvey on the tv set , but do not respond . mr . harvey ( cont 'd ) awful . just awful . what a terrible thing to happen . how 's the investigation go ? have you speak to the Ellis boy ? I hear a rumour he torture animal . fenerman how long do you say you live here ? mr . harvey let 's see , I move here after leah pass away ... so that would make it - six year . fenerman leah ? mr. harvey my late wife . we buy this house just before she be diagnose . mr . harvey find he reading glass , and pop they on ... take in the photo of susie . mr . harvey ( cont 'd ) there be nothing anyone could do . it be very quick . fenerman look questioningly at mr . harvey notice the questioningly look from fenerman . he casually hand susie 's photo ack . mr . harvey ( cont 'd ) ( sombre ) I lose she to cancer . int . mr. harvey' bedroom - night 108 wide on : mr. harvey pull a loose floor board away , hide under a rug near he bed ... reach inside the cavity . 109 110 111 50 . close on : a little wooden BOX ... he lift out susie 's charm bracelet . int . susie 's bedroom - night 109 on the soundtrack : come back to I by jefferson airplane close on : susie' charm bracelet slide through foreground , past she delighted face . susie ( v.0 . ) one of the blessing of my heaven be that I could go back in time and live moment again . I see a lonely young mother with the child who would become she close friend . and sometimes I would reach across the inbetween and take she hand ... angle on : abigail , sit on susie 's bed , offer she a tissue wrapped present . susie ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) my mother knew the meaning of each and every charm on my bracelet ... where we have buy each one and why ... int . heaven / gazebo - night 110 angle on : susie circle around inside the gazebo , charm revolve around she like a surreal sparkling carousel . susie ( v.0 . ) the ballet slipper , the thimble ... the tiny bicycle which have wheel that spun around ... susie unwrap the SMALL silver house charm ... susie ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) +». and my favorite ... the house . susie look up - a huge smile on she face . abigail smile in return as susie attaches the house charm to she bracelet . ext . old quarry - night ' 121 close on : the charm bracelet lie on the front seat of mr . harvey' wagon . the darken outline of a disuse quarry ... as mr. harvey 's wagon crawl to a stop . wide on : under the cold light of a winter be moon , mr . harvey wend he way through tower slag heap and water filled hole . it look like a alien landscape . intercut : 112 113 1214 115 116 51 . int . salmon house / jack 's study - night 112 angle on : jack sit alone in he chair , stare at the flicker candle . int . salmon house / bedroom - night 113 tracking : down the hall to find abigail lie alone in bed , unable to sleep . she stare into the blackness of the room . susie ( v.0 . ) I know what she be think . that I be out there somewhere ; I know she hope that I be safe and and warm ... but in the back of she mind she wonder ... ext . old quarry - night 114 mr . harvey stand near the top of a recently excavate slope , fish something from he pocket ... close on : susie' charm bracelet in mr . harvey' hand . mr . harvey stare at it for a long moment , reluctant to give up he trophy . impulsively he yank the little house charm off the silver link chain and slip it into he pocket . angle on : mr. harvey hurl the bracelet high into the AIR . susie ( v.0 . ) . and at night my mother dreamt of crumpled corn stalk and warren of wild rabbit and garden lace with toxic bait ... angle on : wisp of mr. harvey be freeze breath hang in the air as he watch susiex charm bracelet arc up and over the chasm of the quarry ... disappear into darkness ... int . salmon house / bedroom - night 115 close on : abigail as she close she eye ... susie ( v.0 . ) and inside the earth she see a entire family of rabbit curl into themselves and die . int . salmon house - day ( summer 1974 ) 116 abigail open the door to find len fenerman on she doorstep . 52 . abigail ( compose herself ) detective fenerman . Jack will be home soon . I know he want to talk with you . fenerman he must have leave I a dozen message . he seem to have a theory about everyone in the neighbourhood . abigail yes well , I be sure you be too busy to wait . fenerman not too busy . angle on : fenerman sit at the kitchen table , watch abigail help buckley with a crayon draw . fenerman ( cont 'd ) what be that ? abigail do not ask . I have no talent for draw . fenerman no , seriously , what be it ? a bread roll ! no , wa : ~ a pancake ! buckley ( gravely ) it 's a merry - go-round . fenerman oh yeah ! course . it 's obvious . abigail you be such a bad liar . . penerman I know . it 's a terrible handicap in this job . abigail start to laugh . the laughter catch in she throat and turn into sob . buckley mommy ...? abigail I be sorry ... ( to buckley ) I be alright ... mommy 's alright . abigail search for a handkerchief ; not find one she pull a red silk scarf free from around she neck and start to mop she eye . 117 118 119 53. fenerman here . do not ruin it ... fenerman sit down quietly beside she , he hand hi i handkerchief . = '' ' and she he abigail look at fenerman ... it 's be a while since someone have look at she as anything other than a mother or wife . fenerman ( cont 'd ) not many woman can wear that color . it 's beautiful . fenerman 's finger close around abigail 's hand . int . mr. harvey' basement - night 117 mr . harvey sit on a chair in the middle of the basement . he be sweat . there be a tense expression on he face . he be in conflict : he internal tension be build . ext . valley forge park - morning ( autumn 1974 ) 118 angle on : a family of kide and parent be play with they family dog , a beautiful golden retriever . they be laugh and squealing with delight . a 8 year old throw a stick into the wood , and they laugh as the dog bound into the tree after it . susie ( v.0 ) Mr. harvey start take risk ... close on : the dog chase after the stick , deep into the wood ... suddenly stop short at the stick , which lie at mr . harvey' feet . susie ( v.0 ) ( cont 'd ) for I the saddest thing be that animal smelt the brokenness in he «+ . the human defect . angle on : mr. harvey 's white station wagon slide out of the parking lot ... in the distance , the family be searching the wood for they pet . angle on : a scream mother ... find a dismembered dog . int . salmon house / susien bedroom - night ( summer 1975 ) 119 close on : the lid of a shoe BOX open - full of susiex photograph . jack be sit on she bed . he lift the shoe BOX out and beneath it be another box mark '' roll to hold back '' in susie nos handwrite ... with another of she scrawl across the lid : '' roll to be send out ... one per month !!! '' flash back to : 54 . 120 int . salmon kitchen - day ( summer 1973 ) 120 close on : dozen of roll of undevelop kodak film clatter out of a shoebox on to the kitchen table . angle on : abigail turn from the stove in surprise ... abigail have you go through all the film you get for you birthday ? susie not entirely . abigail there must be twelve roll in this box ! who 's go to pay to get they develop ? susie I think you might . abigail well , you would better think again . susie but dad say my artistic shot be basically genius . jack I think I nve be misquote . susie dad ! jack one roll a month . that 's my best offer . susie but !!! you realise by the time I see this picture , I be gonna be middle - age ? on the soundtrack : susie 's voice decays away ... abigail ( 0.s. ) Jack ? jack turn around and see abigail stand in the corridor . 121 int . salmon house corridor - night ( summer 1975 ) 121 angle on : abigail in she nightgown , stand bare foot in the corridor . she look fragile and draw . jack go over to abigail ... jack what be you do up ? 55 . abigail I could not sleep . jack gently wrap he arm around she . jack abbie ... abigail what happen to we ? jack do you know how much I love you ? abigail look up at jack in surprise ... he kiss she tenderly . 122 int . heaven / gazebo - night 122 angle on : holly wander into the gazebo , perform impossibly complex trick with a yo - yo . : holly yeech ! I hate it when that happen . it 's just so gross when parent kiss . thank God , mine hardly ever do ! susie be sit on the floor of the gazebo . as susie turn to holly , the image of jack and abigail hugging , plummet away to become a distant view of susie 's old STREET . holly ( cont 'd ) there should be some kind of law against the over forty do it . susie they be not over forty . holly I do a head count the other day . I reckon I have kiss a hundred guy . susie a hundred ? holly up here , I mean . I do not do so well on earth . what about you ? susie I only ever want to kiss one person . holly flip the yo - yo into gravity defy series of loop . holly do ya do it ? susie shake she head . holly ( cont ‘d ) bummer . ~ 3 56 . silence ... holly ( cont 'd ) cheer up . there 's lot better place than this . susie what kind of place ? holly I do not know exactly . but it 's where my grandfather be . he 's gonna come and get I . susie ( v.0 . ) I begin to wonder what the word heaven mean . if this be heaven , truly heaven , it would be where my grandparent live ... where my father 's father , my favourite of all , would lift I up and dance with I and I would feel only joy and have no memory ... no cornfield ... no grave . jack ( 0.s. ) the school want to have a memorial service . 123 int . salmon house / jack 's study - night 123 angle on : jack gently brushes abigail 's hair away from she face . jack they think it would be good for the kida ... abigail look away ... abigail it will not change anything ... I see she on the street , on the bus , outside the school . I see she hair , she body ... the way she move . I know she 's go , but I can not accept oe jack you live through it , abbie . it 's all you can do . abigail look at jack ... for the first time since she lose she daughter she husband be offer she real comfort . abigail I think for a moment we would lose each other . jack I be lose . I be overwhelm . camera push in on abigail as jack continue ... 124 125 ~3 57 . jack ( cont 'd ) I be try to cope with all of it . I think it be up to I . but it be too much ... and I realize I have to take a step back . I say to myself : keep it simple . keep it small . focus on the familiar . the neighbourhood . the school . her circle of friend . camera continue to push in on abigail as she begin to register a horror even deeper than they share grief ... jack ( cont 'd ) statistic tell we there 's a ninety percent probability this crime be commit by a local . he know she ! ext . ST . peter 's church - day ( winter 1975 ) 124 close on : mr. harvey , out of focus ... adjust he tie as he walk three step behind jack salmon . jack be watch a series of face slide past he ... he study each one with intent . soundtrack : waft of dreary organ music ... wide on : a large group of mourner be wend they way solemnly towards a neat , white Revolutionary era church ... ancient tombstone surround the old building . mr . harvey slide by out of focus - the invisible man . int . ST . peter 's church - day 125 angle on : susie 's school photo , now frame in gold leaf and wreathe with flower , sit at the head of the aisle . abigail walk towards it , to take she seat in the front row . jack join she , take in the people in each pew as he pass ... the stead , the gilbert , with young daughter tessa . reverend strick address the gather from the pulpit . reverend strick ( v.o. ) two year ago a unimaginable evil find it 's way into the heart of this community and prey upon that which we fzeasure most - the life of a e . angle on : mr. tarking , look up to see jack salmon stare at he . unnerve mr. tarking look away ... deep in the background we glimpse the out of focus face of mr . harvey , pious and humble . reverend strick ( cont ’d ) but it be not we place to question the will of the God ... angle on : the back row , brian 's hand slide up clarissa 's thigh . 58 . reverend strick be voice fade to dull mumble ... white noise build . insert : macro shot of ... a wisp of blonde curling hair ... small finger clutch the prayer book ... a glimpse of white sock . 126 ext . zook cemetery - day ( winter 1975 ) 126 wide on : ray sit alone in a SMALL ancient cemetery , read a medical text book . susie Ray 's world begin to take on other shape ... close on : the page in the large book on ray 's knee turn to reveal image of human biology ... susie ( cont 'd ) the shape of muscle and sinew ; of heartbeat and blood flow . the world of the live and breathe . ray look up as RUTH approach through the gravestone . RUTH I think you have be at the service . ray shake he head . susie ( v.0 ) he be slip away from I ... RUTH dig she hand in she peacoat pocket , pull out a chapstick . RUTH want some ? ray take the stick of lip balm and look at it doubtfully . susie ( v.0 . ) but then Ruth connor , that strange , weird girl - who , if anything , have get even stranger and weirder ... would bring he back . ray what be you do here ? RUTH shrug . RUTH I guess I like hang out with dead people . ray I miss she ... close on : ray as a wave of sadness roll over he . see a aaa I be aI at tivi it taaiato y -) '' 59 . susie ( v.0o . ) Ray never quite understand why he find comfort in she sureness ... in she willingness to count the presence of the dead among the live ... angle on : RUTH walk with ray ... fallen , crooked old tombstone seem to surround she from every angle . susie ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) but together they keep I alive in the back of they mind . ray people still think I do something . I see they look at I side - way . RUTH I know . RUTH slip she arm through he ... ray Brian Nelson reckon he 's gonna punch my light out . RUTH Brian Nelson be a toe-nail chew latrine cake . if that guy have a price on he head - I would be the first to volunteer . ray smile ... ray just be sure to use a weapon that can not be trace . RUTH what kind of weapon can not be trace ? ray step towards a gnarle tree and reach up to a low hanging branch . close on : ray gently snap a small , delicate icicle hang from the freeze branch . it be sharp , point , almost invisible ... angle on : ray drop it , impaling it into the soil like a knife «+.» it immediately begin to melt . RUTH ( cont ’d ) that 's clever . silence hang between they a beat . RUTH ( cont 'd ) you nre wrong , though ... it always leave a trace . ray what do ? 127 128 129 60 . RUTH death . int . ST . peter ‘s church - day 127 angle on : len fenerman 's eye shift towards the salmon pew . we follow he gaze to find he be look at ... .-. abigail stare unsee at the framed photo of susie which hold centre-stage , overblown arrangement of flowers flanking it on either side . push in on the framed photo of susie ... a typical school portrait ... she smile face revealing a mouth full of brace . susie this be suppose to be the saddest day of my life ! it 's suppose to mean gomethe ! how can anyone mourn my pass when I look so utterly geeky ! int . heaven / gazebo — day 128 reverend strick be lead the mourner into a appallingly dreary version of : '' how great thou Art '' ... susie turn away from earth . a murmur ripple through the crowd . susie brighten upon hearing snatch of conversation ... '' '' she be too young ! " ; '' so beautifull " ; '' incredibly talented ! " ; " what a unimaginable tragedy ! " susie turn to look back ... int . ST . peter' church - day 129 insert : the picture of susie in the framed school photo dissolves into a shot of susie look like a teenage glamour queen . on the SOUND -track the organ music transition into : '' cherish '' by 8 8 : david cassidy ( sing ) cherish be a word I use to describe , all the feeling that I have hide here for you inside ... school pupil wail and sob ... fling themselves in wild spasm of grief at the foot of susie 's glamour queen photo . david cassidy ( cont ’d ) ( sing ) I do not know how many time I wish that I could hold you ... I do not know how many time I wish that I have tell you ... 130 61 . abigail and lindsey be wear long black veil , tear stream down they cheek ... fan blow they hair . david cassidy ( cont ’d ) you do not know how many time I have wish that I could mold you , into someone who could cherish I as much as I cherish you principal caden and other teachers , with tear streak face piace wreathes and bunch of flower at the base of susie 's david cassidy ( cont ’d ) ( sing ) and I do ... cherish you ! yes , I dol ray singh walk forward alone ... he kiss he fingertip and place they lovingly on susie' freeze photographic lip ... CUT to : ext . ST . peter 's church - day 130 close on : mr. harvey , out of focus ... jack wipe through foreground , follow frank tarking into the throng of mourner , as they cluster outside . angle on : principal caden give lindsey a reassure pat of the ack . principal caden it 's all on you shoulder now , lindsey . you be the only salmon girl eft ! angle on : fenerman notice abigail surround by a swarm of well - meaning mourner ... close on : abigail 's eye 's meet he ... fenerman cross towards she ... fenerman Mrs. salmon , a quick word ? abigail of course , detective . angle on : abigail take a long drag on a cigarette ... she and fenerman be semi hide in a shelter spot behind the chapel . abigail ( cont 'd ) ( heartfelt ) thank you ... fenerman I figure you need some fresh air . abigail look at she cigarette and laugh ... fenerman pull a fold red silk scarf out of he jacket pocket . 131 132 133 134 135 62. fenerman ( cont ’d ) you leave this in my car . angle on : abigail take the scarf let the soft material fall through she finger ... she eye meet fenerman 's . int . mr. harvey' basement - night ( winter 1975 ) 131 angle on : a dog carcass thud to the floor . mr harvey pick up he garden shear and kneel over the body ... he begin to dismember the animal ... he calm pace contrast the sicken crunching noise . susie ( v.0 . ) by take lesser life he try to stay away from what he want most ; to go upstairs and sit in the dark in the straight back chair ; to look out towards another house ... flash insert : a wisp of curling blonde hair ... white ankle sock ... a silver buckle on a patent leather shoe .... susie ( v.0 . ) ( cont ’d ) and give in to he lust . +++ mr. harvey scatter quick lime from a bag . we see he spread it over the remains of several dead dog and cat , lay a hole neatly dig in he basement floor . he suddenly freeze as the glow of a pass headlight sweep through the narrow basement window , momentarily illuminate he . ext . salmon STREET - christmas eve 132 a motorbike light sweep past mr . harvey' basement window . angle on : the motorcycle pull up outside the salmon house . int . salmon house / hallway - christmas eve 133 angle on : lindsey , in she mother 's apron and oven mitt open the front door . int . salmon house / front door - christmas eve 134 angle on : SAMUEL heckler stand on the doorstep , attempt to pull he helmet off with one hand ... he holda out a small box wrap in blue paper with the other . SAMUEL merry Christmas , lindsey . int . salmon kitchen - christmas eve 135 SAMUEL follow lindsey into the kitchen . he be still struggle to remove he motorcycle helmet . 136 137 63. S , ( muffle ) it 's my brother 's ... I think it 's the wrong size ... SAMUEL still wear the helmet sit down opposite lindsey at the kitchen table . SAMUEL ( cont 'd ) be you go to open it ? angle on : lindsey look very uncertain . lindsey be you go to take off you helmet ? SAMUEL reach across and pull the oven mitt off lindsey 's hani ! SAMUEL open it . lindsey unwrap the present and open a small box which contain half a gold heart . she look up as SAMUEL finally wrench the helmet off he head ... tussle hair fall down he forehead . lindsey see the other half of the gold heart pendant hang around he neck on a rawhide cord . SAMUEL ( cont 'd ) do you like it ? lindsey it 's not that ... lindsey look away . lindsey ( cont 'd ) it 's just ... I be scared . SAMUEL do not be . int . heaven / gazebo - night 136 close on : susie as disbelief turn to hope ... susie oh ... my ... God ! int . salmon kitchen - christmas eve 137 SAMUEL lean forward and kiss lindsey . susie ( v.0 . ) this be news ! this be a bulletin ! 138 139 140 141 64 . int . heaven / gazebo - night 138 susie turn to holly - barely able to contain herself . susie Samuel heckler just kiss my sister ! int . mall ~ day ( spring 1976 ) 139 tracking with : jack , abigail and grandma lynn , as they walk fhrough a busy mall . jack split off and head off towards the jack you go ahead . in 1ll catch up . on the soundtrack : Cry by l0 cc int . mall photo store - day 140 jack wait , as the store assistant thumb through packet of develop print in they yellow kodak envelope . store assistant salmon , do you say ? int . mall - day 141 angle on : abigail stand in front of a TRAVEL agent ... in the window be a image of the california coast ... wave and the sea stretch away into a deep blue horizon . angle on : the community police station ... from a distance we see penerman emerge , he be talk with a uniform cop . penerman 's eye alight on abigail . angle on : grandma lynn watch as fenerman move towards abigail . fenerman pass clarissa who be serve at the dairy queen ice cream stand . brian be lean on the counter , sleazing up to she . brian come on ... do not make I beg ! clarissa not here , Brian ! brian well let 's go some place else ? we could go to we special place ? clarissa I be work ! angle on : abigail lose in think ... 3 '' 3 3 '' 3 743 ° NI tid . uts — 3 142 143 6s . a hand reach out and gently pull at the red silk scarf tie around she neck . abigail look up ... reflect in the window be len fenerman . angle on : grandma lynn watch as len walk towards a maintenance door ... abigail follow a few foot back . at that moment , a doll house slide through foreground . angle on : mr harvey carry a new dollshouse towards the toy store ... young tessa gilbert break away from she mother and hurrie towards he . tessa mommy , look ! tessa peer excitedly through the small window at mr . harvey be miniature handiwork , as he pause . tessa ( cont ’d ) ( enchant ) it 's get a staircase ! and there 's a tiny rug with flower on it ! int . maintenance corridor , mall - day 142 pushing down a through a tangle of pipe and low , flicker fluorescent bulb ... the insistent thrum of AIR conditioning unit fill the air . angle on : in a dark corner fenerman and abigail stand entwine . close on : fenerman as he gently pull the red scarf away from abigail 's neck ... softly kissing she throat ... close on : abigail close she eye ... close on : the red silk scarf as it slither to the floor ... pool on the ground ... ext . mall - day 143 angle on : jack emerge from the photo store , tear the package open . he thumb through susiex photo oblivious to the busy tide of shopping crowd surging around he . close on : there be many photo of holiday ... some of feet and grass , .. a couple of gray blurry shot of bird ... a self portrait of susie in she bedroom mirror . mrs gilbert hurry towards tessa , who be still fawn over the dollshouse . mrs gilbert ( apologetic ) tessa , for goodness sake ! I '' sorry , Mr. harvey - we do not want to hold you up . 144 66 . mr . harvey' Pov : distort sound ... brief glimpsis of detail : tessa 's buckled shoe ... she hair ribbon flash past ... she finger touch the model balcony , run over the neat . i geranium . have eatly paint tessa Mom !! you do not see the couch ! it 's 80000 cute ! close on : perfect miniature pink and white stripe cushion on the little sofa . tessa ( cont 'd ) it 's get pink and white cushion ! mr . harvey be distract . a film of sweat form on he brow ... the pressure within he be build . close on : mr. harvey push he focus past mrs gilbert ... at jack salmon , stride straight towards he ! mr. harvey can do nothing ... suspended moment : jack walk fight at mr harvey , intent on he face ... time slow ... sound slow ... + + + and then jack walk straight past , not pay the slight attention to mr . harvey ... he glance at jack 's hand , and a fleeting image of susie on a photo . jack ( call ) Lynn ! angle on : grandma lynn turn . jack ( cont ’d ) I have lose abigail . grandma lynn yes , you have . close on : jack register something in grandma lynn 's eye . int . salmon kitchen - night 144 abigail be on she knee clean the floor . grandma lynn appear in the doorway . she 's hold highball glass full of gin . she 's as piss - as- a-fart . grandma lynn there 's a gorgeous man alone in you bed - what the hell be you do waxing the floor ?! abigail there 's nobody in my bed . Jack sleep in the study . 67 . 145 ext . salmon house - night 145 angle on : abigail stand in the garden , take in t! i i as she mother continue . $ 's 3 he night air , grandma lynn I see you together . you and that ( hiccup ) ++» little detective . abigail go to bed , mother . you have have too much to drink . grandma lynn you know what you problem be : you be weak . you always take the easy option . you never once in you life tough it out . abigail steel herself for the verbal onslaught . grandma lynn ( cont ' D ) I do not know why - but you always have terrible self esteem . abigail I '' sorry I have be such a disappointment . grandma lynn you nre not a disappointment . you be very much a product of you father 's gene . grandma lynn drain she highball glass . grandma lynn ( cont ’d ) he have a long term affair with a woman in New Hampshire . abigail be take aback - she 's not sure if this be the liquor talk . grandma lynn ( cont ’d ) I do not like it but I put up with it - for twelve year . I want to confront he . I want to dispatch a death blow to the ‘other woman 's but I do not . it be a tactical decision . I keep my weight down and my hair coloured and we home look nice . I out - last she ! grandma lynn suddenly wobbles backwards into the kitchen . 146 int . salmon kitchen - night 146 close on : the gin bottle 's empty ... grandma lynn start ransack the cupboard for more alcohol . ~ 3 in ie '' 3 73 ~ 3 73 " 3 7d i ~ '' 3 " 3 " 39s TI 70d gt yy ~ 3 68. abigail what do you want ? a medal ? grandma lynn you see ? that 's what Jack have to put up with . cynicissssam . abigail Jack have choose to live with the enemy ... grandma lynn he 's hunt you daughter 's murderer . that 's a brave thing . abbie darling , do not you see ? you have to be brave . grandma lynn pounce on a bottle , and stand up , clutching it to abigail that 's cooking sherry . grandma lynn you will not go into susie 's room . you do not let anyone touch she thing . qhere be a tomb in the middle of you jouse abigail be silent . her mother have hit a nerve . grandma lynn ( cont ‘d ) do you think if you seal it up - the pain go away ? abigail it never go away . grandma lynn then how do you expect this family to heal ? jack 's study - early morning 147 angle on : a taxi cab be pull up outside the salmon house . jack be asleep in he chair . 148 ext . salmon house ~- early morning . 148 grandma lynn watch from the doorstep as the cab driver slam suitcase in to the trunk ... abigail look back at she mother +.» and then climb in to the cab . buckley ( 0.s. ) where be mommy go ? 69 . 149 int . buckley 's bedroom - early morning 149 angle on : lindsey be struggle to get buckley ready for school . buckley when will she be come back ? angle on : lindsey look troubled ... unable to answer the question . lindsey I do not know . lindsey wrestle a sweater down buckley' arm ... buckley be anxious face suddenly pop out from neck of the sweater ... buckley be we not go to be a family any more ? angle on : grandma lynn be arm be cross , she have a no nonsense expression on she face . grandma lynn of course we be a family ! you mother be in crisis and you father be a wreck . lindsey what be you ? grandma lynn I be in charge ! 150 int . salmon house - day ( summer 1976 ) 150 on the soundtrack : Long cool woman in a Black dress by the holly : image : grandma lynn clean and smoking simultaneously ; sweeping floor debris under rug ... she viciously kick the wash machine ... flooding the laundry with soap sud . grandma lynn ( v.0 ) ( cont no ) I will refrain from drink ... until five o'clock on week night and until lunchtime on Saturday and Sunday . image : grandma lynn pull a tiny shrunken t-shirt out of the dryer and stare at it mystify ... serve up awful look shrivel meal ; we notice a gradual deterioration in grandma lynn 's normally immaculate appearance ... grandma lynn ( cont ’d ) I will not stand by and watch this house descend in to domestic chaos . 151 70 . flame leap out from under the grill ... lindsey and buckley look startle ! grandma lynn ( cont ’d ) oh shit ! where do you keep the take out menu ? angle on : grandma lynn take control of lindsey' makeup ... she sit lindsey back in a chair and apply cucumber to she eye . grandma lynn ( cont 'd ) my God ! look that bag ! you need help , child ! I be start you on the seven day beauty plan . close on : oatmeal face - pack be be spatulate onto a alarmed lindsey' face . grandma lynn ( cont ’d ) cleanse , tone and moisturize . beauty come from within : jar , tube and compact ! close on : egg yoke pour on lindseyn head ! grandma lynn ( cont ’d ) greasy hair be just another word for ugly . angle on : lindsey look beautiful , as SAMUEL heckler have dinner with the family ... grandma lynn , display a inappropriate amount of cleavage , be flirt outrageously with SAMUEL . lindsay take she arm and firmly steer she out of the room . susie ( v.0. yy grandmother , in all she obnoxious inery , open up we house and drag the light back in . int . mr. harvey 's house - day 151 angle on : rain dribble down mr . harveyn window , throw a watery light into he live room . he sit in he arm chair watch television . he 's sewing with purposeful concentration .... image of a needle be pull , as ie work from a tray perch on he lap . glimpse of pink and white cloth . on the tv : a documentary describe a exotic culture in mali . tv narrator unique among the many culture of mali be the imezzureg people . tv image : tribe people construct a elaborate tent from stripped sapling branch . wider : mr. harvey' impassive eye flick to a cat ... cautiously make it 's way across he live room , draw to a BOWL of food sit on newspaper in the middle of the room . 152 153 154 71 . tv narrator ( cont 'd ) the woman of the tribe prepare the sacred marriage tent , to celebrate the union of husband and wife ... close on : mr. harvey' hand drift toward a claw hammer , which be lie on the arm rest of he chair . ext . california beach - day ( summer 1976 ) 152 angle on : a car draw up at the edge of a beach . abigatl get out and clamber down the cliff towards the rolling close on : her foot carefully climb over rock ... then step into the water . her face be still , and distant , as the sea breeze ruffle she hair . she step deeper into the water . at that moment : a child laugh . abigail turn , and see a young toddler play dengerously close to the wave ... she parent distract further along the beach . angle on : abigail scoops the child up , ++. it laugh , and she respond , something in she free at that moment . she carry the baby back to it 's parent . ext . california vineyard - day 153 abigail pick grape . susie ( v.0 . ) that same week my mother find work at krusoe winery . image : of abigail with fellow worker . susie ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) she never mention a husband . and when people ask she , she say she have two child . close on : abigail . susie ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) she would feel it then , creep into she gut , the onslaught , the grief come , the tear approach like a relentless army . she would breathe it in , to try to stop herself from ery in public . int . jack 's study - day 154 close on : jack pick up a tatter kodak envelope , lie amid old bill and letter . 155 72 . susie ( v.0 . ) my father do not understand how two people who be marry , who see each other every day , could end up ag stranger ... he sit in he chair , slowly thumbing through the photo f. susie be last roll of film . '' $ $ prewog rom susie ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) and yet the more he look at she the more he feel it : a familiar feel that he could not quite name . close on : susie 's photo of abigail : a familiar image ... she be sit on the back porch , lose in think ... susie ( v.0 ) ( cont ’d it take he a long time to realise what it be ... he be fall in love with she all over again . close on : jack as this think sink in . another photo : something have change in abigail 's expression ... she be no longer vulnerable ... it 's as if a switch have be flicked and she be shutting down ... susie ( v.0 ) ( cont 'd ) and he begin to see ... next photo : jack be lean into shot , kissing abigail - and in that moment jack see it : abigail , the woman with whom he fall in love , have go . she have be replace by the woman who become he wife and the mother of he child : a mask wear for so many year that it now slip easily and effortlessly into place . et1y ) 80 abigail close on : jack ... see another reality through the power of susie' image for the first time . jack ( cont ’d ) ( softly ) do I do that to you ? extreme close up : abigail 's face . ext . salmon house - day ( autumn 1976 ) 155 close on : len fenerman take a drag on a cigarette , outside the salmon' front door . he 's hurry to finish it before ringing the doorbell . he suddenly hear footstep approach from inside the house , stub out the cigarette , and grab the heavy brass knocker ... the door swing open . lindsey be stare at he . 73 . lindsey that thing will kill you . fenerman be you father in ? 156 int . salmon house / live room - day 156 jack look up as fenerman walk into the room , tail by lindsey and buckley . fenerman ( awkward ) ah ... kid , I need to talk to you dad alone . lindsey lead buckley away . 157 int . salmon live room - day 157 close on : jack be sit , full of expectation . jack what 's on you mind , Len ? angle on : fenerman look uncomfortable . fenerman Jack , this be very awkward ... angle on : jack look concerned ... we watch as he expression change as fenerman talk to he ... susie ( v.0 . ) Len fenerman have come to tell my father that after spend thousand of man hour on case and after interview hundred of suspect ; there be no new clue and no fresh lead and there be no expectation my body would ever be find . jack you be shutting down the investigation ? fenerman we be scale it back . jack bullshit ! this be bullshit , len} ! fenerman in_the beginning there be sympathy , a lot of good will ... but the guy at the station can only take so much . this call have to stop ! you be pissing people off . 74 . jack ( incredulous ) I have become the villain now ! fenerman we have have dozen of complaint ; invasion of privacy , trespass , harassment ... frankly you be lucky you have not be charge . Jack , you have gotta leave you neighbour alone . people have a right to live in peace . jack notice lindsey stand in the doorway . fenerman continue prattling on ... oblivious . fenerman ( cont ’d ) look , we give it we best shot . I be not proud of the result . I be just say - lindsey ( interrupt ) you be quit on we . penerman turn in surprise ... fenerman no ... no , I be not . grandma lynn come into the room ... grandma lynn who 's quit ? lindsey ( to lynn ) detective fenerman come to tell we he 's not go to look for susie any more . he 's get better thing to do - be not that right , detective ? fenerman you sister be more than a number to I . I care very much about solving this case . lindsey whatever . lindsey walk off in disgust . grandma lynn the front door be open , detective . Close it on you way out . 158 ext . heaven / gazebo - day 158 susie be furious ... holly be eat a ice - cream . 159 160 75 . susie be this legal ? be they allow to do that ? can the cop just give up ?! holly shrug . holly {matter of fact ) they give up on I . susie turn away , frown . a sharp wind rise , blow scrap of litter across the gazebo . susie ( 0.s8 . ) I have always assume Mr. harvey would be catch and that he would be punish . I want he to suffer as my family have suffer . I want he to lose what he have take from I ! int . jack 's study - night 159 a strong wind rattles the window ... close on : jack be alone , defeat , thumbing through susiex photo . susie ( v.0 . ) I want my father to avenge my death ; to become the kind of man he could never be : a violent psycho ! sudden CUT : jack spin in front of the mirror , swinging a magnum pistol into foreground ... he squeeze the trigger : susie ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) ++. who would take Mr. harvey out ! soundtrack : a guitar twang the open chord of : let you Love Flow by the bellamy Brothers : ext . heaven / cornfield - day 160 tracking : mr. harvey be run through the corn ... he look fearfully over he shoulder , as if be pursued . mr . harvey throw a look back ... suddenly , thud ! he run straight into jack , bounce off he chest and sprawling back on the ground . let you love flow there 's a reason for the sunshine sky ; and there 's a reason why I be feelin ' so high ; jack raise he magnum pistol ... let you love flow ( cont ’d ) must be the season ; when that love light shine all around we ... 161 76 . bang ! bang ! jack fire ! int . heaven / gazebo - day 161 angle on : mr. harvey' body be blow past holly who be eat she ice-cream in the gazebo . image : jack , with bullet belt over both shoulder , and hold a , nange machine gun stalk mr . harvey through a film noir susie ( v.0 . ) that 's what you see in the movie , that 's what happen in book . a ordinary guy get a gun or a knife and stalk the murderer of he family and do a bronson on they and everyone cheer ! bang ! bang ! bang ! mr. harvey be riddled with bullet ! susie cheer she dad ! let you love flow so let that feel grab you deep inside ; and send you reeling where you love can not hide ; image : jack throw knive at mr . harvey ... swinging a chain saw ... then a machete ... throw a hand grenade , jumble with image of mr . harvey scream , blood spurting ! let you love flow ( cont 'd ) just let you love flow like a mountain stream ... and let '' of ut love bind you to all live thing ... as mr. harvey sprawl across the gazebo . susie I be gonna nail he , Holly ! holly no , you nre not . susie he 's go down ! he 's not gonna tap dance he way out of this ! not as long as I '' around . holly you be not around . susie dad 's almost there - he just need a nudge in the right direction . susie and holly argument be surround and interrupt by image : jack shove mr . harvey into a wood chipper ... 162 163 164 77 . holly you can not interfere with thing on earth ! image : jack in a crane , swing a huge wrecking ball , splattering mr . harvey against he front door , bring the front of he house crash down . angle on : holly and susie in the gazebo as the wreckage of mr . harvey 's house float down around they . holly ( cont ’d ) I guess that 's that then . holly reach into she pocket and pull out a fold piece of paper ... which she hand to susie . holly ( cont ’d ) I be suppose to give you this . susie open the piece of paper + + + but there be nothing write on it . she look puzzle and let it flutter to the ground as holly walk away . susie ( call ) Holly ? where be you go ? int . jack 's study - night 162 susie 's candle be burn in the window of the study . int . heaven / gazebo - day 163 close on : susie shut she eye ... she think of a earlier time , a happier time ... image : surreal ... distorted ... beautiful ... glide through ship and sail , and mast and rigging , and bottle ... and smiling face of jack and susie . int . jack study 164 close on : the candle suddenly flicker ... appear to dance in it 's broken bottle . jack stare at it ... close on : susie 's face appear on the surface of the broken bottle , as if project by candle light . susie ( whisper ) dad ... jack be transfixed . he slowly move forward ... reach out to touch susie 's image ... 165 166 78 . jack ( whisper susie ...? susie ... ext . woodland - day ( late autumn 1976 ) 165 lindsey , now 17 , be riding with SAMUEL on the back of he motorcycle . angle on : he steer off the road , up narrow forest track . rain start to patter down , quickly grow heavy . the motorbike suddenly start to mis - FIRE . SAMUEL look like we nre walk ... SAMUEL stop the bike and they climb off . lindsey be confuse when he pull off he helmet and take she hand . lindsey where be we go ?! she pull she helmet off , revealing the match spiky haircut they now have . angle on : SAMUEL lead she by the hand , deeper into the wood ... as they get drenched . ext . park - day 166 angle on : jack be shelter from the rain in a gazebo , situate in the middle of a park ... holiday beside he . another person hurry into the gazebo to escape the shower ... ray ' S mother , mrs singh . mrs . singh Mr. salmon ... jack hello , Mrs. Singh ... the weather catch we out . mrs . singh yes . jack I hear Ray get into mo school . congratulation ! mrs . singh he 's in he first semester . silence . the rain beat down on the roof of the gazebo . jack I '' glad Ray be there for susie . 167 '' 3 7 ?! q\t ef 3 ] tuft as a a ? a3 9370 93 ef s33 eo a a ) y '' 79 . mrs . singh he be extremely fond of you daughter jack I wish I have know enough to tell she I love she on that last day ... I be glad you son do . angle on : jack watch the rain drop fall in slow motion from the gazebo roof . mrs . singh be the police any closer to make a arrest ? jack no ... nlower voice ) but I have a father 's suspicion . mrs . singh you be wise to listen to you instinct . if it be I ... if I know who do it ... I would find a quiet way to meet this person ... I would take the matter in to my own hand and ... mrs singh lean close to jack . mrs . singh ( cont 'd ) + ++ I would kill he . ext . woodland - day 167 SAMUEL and lindsey be muddy and drenched , as they push through overgrown tangle tree , past the break down remain of a old gate . lindsey what be this ? lindsey turn to go back ... SAMUEL catch hold of she hand , pull she close . SAMUEL Close you eye ... angle on : lindsey look at SAMUEL - solid , staunch ... dependable . lindsey slowly close she eye ... lindsey Pov : light flicker against she close lid as SAMUEL lead she with infinite care through the wood ... angle on : lindsey and SAMUEL stop ... she open she eye ... before she be a large , overgrown , white house ... unlove but beautiful and grand in it 's own way ... 80 . angle on : lindsey as she move into the shelter of the run - down porch ; the door swing open ... dim light stream in to a large white - washed entrance hall . she wander from room to room ... each room be full of infinite possibility ... for a moment she be catch . a flash of lightning rip through the air outside . SAMUEL ( cont 'd ) what do you think ? lindsey turn to SAMUEL ... he face be full of expectation . she look at SAMUEL with infinite sadness ... lindsey Samuel heckler ... fixer of break thing . SAMUEL turn to lindsey take she hand . SAMUEL I love you . lindsey be throw - off guard . lindsey I know . SAMUEL no , I mean I love you , and I want to marry you , and I want to live with you in this house ! lindsey what ? SAMUEL that hideous college crap be over ! in 1l get a job . earn some money . marry I and I nil make this house ours lindsey okay ++. I think I can ... I mean - yes !!! lindsey fling she arm around SAMUEL 's neck and kiss he ! 168 ext . wood - day 168 rushing track : SAMUEL and lindsey racing through the wet woodland . the rain ease . SAMUEL ( cun ) how many mile to you house ? eight ? lindsey ( run ) ten ... you be nut ! slow down ! [ [ - [ 169 . be 170 for be be [ rm be 171 be be be poa be - be be 81 . SAMUEL ( run ) I have gotta ask you dad ! ext . heaven / gazebo - day 169 angle on : wind rush through susie 's hair ... she be overjoy !!! cur to : ext . salmon 's STREET - day 170 angle on : jack be hurry home during a pause in the rain ... as he pass the gilbert house , holiday start whining and pull at the leash . mr . gilbert and he daughter tessa be search he garden , not pay attention to jack ... mr. gilbert be clearly pre -occupied , search for they lost cat . mr gilbert ( call ) lilly ! where be you , girl ? tessa lil-leeeee ! close on : jack haul the agitate holiday past , look back with growing suspicion at the gilbert house . close on : jack ... he pause , hold holiday by the leash . he cast he eye across the gilbert house ... ext . heaven / gazebo - day 171 close on : susie rush with wind and branch whistling past ... suddenly ! she start skid to a halt ... slide straight towards mr. harvey ! he be carrying a pile of CUT sapling on he shoulder , head across he backyard . image : susie stop inches from mr . harvey' face - huge , broken and distorted by the gazebo image ... she quietly whimper in SHOCK ... ext . mr. harvey' house - day 172 ... mr. harvey turn suddenly , as if somehow sense susie . his stumble cause the pile of sapling to clatter to the ground . ext . salmon STREET - day 173 close on : jack turn in slow motion ... the sound of the sapling somehow amplify in he head . 174 82. he head across the STREET towards the green house of mr . harvey . ext . mr. harvey 's house - day 174 close on : the sapling roll away across the ground . mr. harvey start quickly gather they up . jack ( 0.s. ) you do not know when to stop , do you ? angle on : mr. harvey look up , slightly alarmed . jack salmon be walk towards he , a bunch of the sapling under one arm . jack ( cont 'd ) gotta keep you hand busy even in you leisure time . jack dump the sapling as mr . harvey flash a brief , unconvincing smile . jack ( cont ’d ) what be you building ? mr . harvey freeze as jack catch sight of a half built structure in the backyard . mr . harvey it 's a ceremonial structure . I see it on television . jack wander over for a better look . jack what 's it for exactly ? mr harvey scuttle over and resume work on the tent . mr . harvey my amusement . he struggle to bend a rod into a arch . jack drop down beside h ; jack here ... you stake it , I 'il lash . mr harvey Mr. salmon , you really need not - jack ( insistent ) it 's no trouble . mr . harvey think better of it and decide to back down . angle on : jack help mr. harvey build the tent . they lash piece together , weave slender rod between post ... gather the end together to form arch . 175 176 177 83. close on : jack pull a knot tight . he step back to admire they handiwork ... glance up as black cloud gather in the sky . jack ( cont 'd ) look like the weather have turn . jack be surprised to see mr . harvey disappear into he house without a word . on the soundtrack : look at I by John Lennon : jack stare at the faceless window which be hide behind mr harvey' net curtain , the immaculate paint work , the neighbourhood watch sign on the front door ... jack 's eye stray to the dead geranium BUSH ... ext . heaven / gazebo - day 175 angle on : susie she be stand in front of a bare bough tree which suddenly sprout puffy white snow flake . susie ( v.0 . ) ( whisper ) dad ! int . mr. harvey' house - day 176 close on : mr. harvey be stand motionless in he kitchen . his eye drift to he razor and strop sit on the kitchen table . ext . mr. harvey' house - day 177 jack step slowly towards the geranium BUSH ... susie ( 0.8 . ) ( whisper ) dad ! image : susie riding she bike , with holiday chasing . bright red geranium in the foreground . jack be drawn to the BUSH , remember image from the past . reality : no susie ... just a empty street and dead geranium . jack slowly pick the dead flower , snap it off the BUSH . behind he , the back door slowly open ... mr. harvey' eye visible through the dark fly screen . close on : mr. harvey as he step out . he be now wearing a heavy flannel shirt ... he quietly approach jack . jack turn - he eye widen in surprise . jack wait a minute - 178 179 180 84 . angle on : pink and white stripe cushion , mr harvey be hold larger version of the tiny dollshouse cushion that so enchant little tessa in the mall . mr . harvey they be for the bridal bed . ext . heaven / gazebo - day 178 susie look up as the white puffy snow flake begin to fall from the tree over hang the gazebo ... a solitary snowflake land in the palm of she hand . ext . mr. harveyn house - day 179 angle on : jack , seemingly lose in a dream ... . mr. harvey Mr. salmon ? jack appear to come to . mr . harvey ( cont have ) ( cont 'd ) I never have a chance to tell you ... I be sorry for you loss . jack ( awkward ) thanks . at that moment : the SOUND of a faint clock alarm from within mr . harvey' house . mr . harvey look momentarily confuse ... then he slowly go to he mail BOX and remove junk mail , thumbing through it as if it have some importance . the incessant beeping alarm . mr. harvey be slightly flustered . susie ( v.0o . ) ( whisper ) dad ... mr . harvey wince as a snowflake brushes past he cheek . ext . heaven / gazebo - day 180 close on : the snowflake in the palm of susie 's hand ... she hand close over it . susie ( v.0o . ) ( whisper ) look ... susie 's hand open and a red geranium bloom in the palm of she hand throw reflection of refracted light on to the pale skin ° er face . ~ fy 85 . 181 ext . mr. harvey 's house - day 181 jack stare at the dead geranium in he hand ... in he mind 's eye , the brown petal flex and curl into a cluster of little bud ; the withered stem swell green with life ... and all at once the geranium burst into flower - a impossible blood red bloom . a single snowflake fall on jack ... melting on he cheek like a teardrop . the flower slip from jack 's hand ... --- mr. harvey watch the dead geranium land at jack feet . he slowly raise he eye to meet jack 's know gaze . mr . harvey and jack look at each other ... neither bother to hide what they know to be the truth . mr . harvey I think you should go home now , Mr. salmon . angle on : jack incredulous ... uncomprehend as the realization dawns that mr . harvey kill he daughter . jack , ( hoarse whisper ) susie ... angle on : holiday start to whimper ... mr . harvey go on home . jack ( louder ) why ? jack lurch forward as mr . harvey suddenly turn and make a beeline for the safety of he house . snow be fall in thick fat drop . angle on : holiday strain on the leash , growl ... jack ( cont no ) ( cont 'd ) ( shouting ) why ?? 22 ? jack blunder after mr . harvey , holiday snarling and snap on the lead . near the front porch , mr. harvey turn ... mr. harvey I be sorry Mr. salmon . I can not help you . holiday suddenly break free of jack and bolt towards mr . harvey who take off run ! be [ - [ ow be be 183 be be be be be [ be [ be be 'w be for be 86 . mr . harvey fling the front door shut just as holiday slam into it . int . mr. harvey' house - day 182 mr . harvey lean against the door , breathe heavily . there be bead of sweat on he brow . outside he hear a feral sound : holiday 's guttural wail rise up from the other side of the door . int . salmon house - night 183 bang ! champagne cork pop ! SAMUEL pour from the froth bottle . grandma lynn like a master ! a toast ! a toast ! angle on : grandma lynn raise she glass to celebrate lindsey and samuel' news and throw it down in one gulp ! grandma lynn ( cont ’d ) let 's have another ! SAMUEL refill lynn 's glass ... lindsey be look at jack ... lindsey well ... what do you say , dad ? close on : lindsey , she joy fade as she read she father 's tension . jack ( subdued ) I could not ask for a better son - in - law ... excuse I a minute . jack abruptly leave the room . lindsey follow he to the door . lindsey ( call ) dad ? dad ! grandma lynn I tell he to drop it . I think we would move on . there 's only so much affliction a family can bear ! lindsey what happen ? grandma lynn he think George harvey kill you sister . int . jack ‘s work - day ( late autumn 1976 ) 184 jack be hunch over he desk , run column after column of meaningless number through a adding machine . he struggle to stay focus , but make mistake ... 185 186 87 . close on : column of number slide past ... blur ... mrs singh ( v.0 . ) you be wise to listen to you instinct ... I would find a quiet way to meet this person ... close on : jack hit button on the adding machine ... he be now in free fall , tapping keys that bear no relation to the blur of number in the ledger book . mrs singh ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) I would take the matter in to my own hand ... close on : number ... number ... number ... int . salmon house / jack 's study - night 185 close on : 4.00 am ... solid stark number on digital clock . jack be sit in he study , unable to sleep ... he be toying with the snow globe , in the candle ligat . close on : the penguin 's face , with jack gaze distort through the plastic . mrs singh ( v.0 ) I would kill he . jack shake the globe , send the snow into a whirlwind . angle on : as the snow slowly drift , a strange light dance amongst the flake ... focus pull ... to a torchlight , bob in the distance , further down the STREET . angle on : jack slowly lower the globe , all he sense alert , watch the torchlight move down the street , across lawn and towards the school . close on : jack , a ashen expression as the torchlight by pass the play field suddenly disappear into the ... cornfield . on the soundtrack : baby 's qn Fire by Brian eno . int . salmon house / hallway - night 186 tracking : Jack , dress in track suit and sneaker stride down the hallway . angle on : he rummages in the cupboard beneath the stair , pull out a baseball bat . intercut with : 187 188 189 190 191 192 193 88. ext . salmon house - night 187 jack step out of the doorway hold the bat , a deadly light in he eye . ext . street - night 188 tracking : jack hurry down the dark , quiet street towards the cornfield . ext . cornfield ~ night 189 without pause , jack stride into the cornfield , the corn stalk be quite tall , the strong wind push jack from behind , as he pursue the torchlight bobbing in the middle distance . jack stride deeper into the cornfield ... suddenly a girl 's cry ! jack speed up , grip the bat . ext . heaven / gazebo - night 190 angle on : susie rush across the gazebo , wind tear at she hair , corn stalk lash she pace ... susie ( shouting ) dadiis ! ext . cornfield - night 191 tracking : jack rush forward ... suddenly the flashlight snap off , and the cornfield plunge into darkness ... it 's as if jack have be see . jack take a couple of cautious step forward ... jack I know you be here . come out ! ext . heaven / gazebo - night 192 susie be watch she father with dread ... around the gazebo , light blaze on ... hail crash down from the sky ... fire erupt around jack ... susie ( v.0 . ) I send storm of fire ; I rain hail from the sky ... I unleash torrent of foam water ... ext . cornfield - night 193 jack grip the baseball bat . wsis 3 a at 194 89 . jack come out ! I wanna finish it ! SOUND : a girl whimpering ! jack , he adrenaline pound , hurry towards the SOUND ... slip and stumbling across the rough ground . suddenly ! a frighten girl stagger up in front of jack and he crash into she , send she sprawling on the ground . the girl - clarissa - scream ! close on : jack ... clarissa 's scream become susie be scream in he head . he clumsily crawl after she . jack ( cont 'd ) ( confuse ) susie ??? at that moment ! the torch snap on ! a powerful light sweep onto jack , blind he . the light swing from side to side as it race the short distance towards jack ! brian ( angry ) . leave she alone - you sick fuck ! get the fuck off she ! brian nelson leap onto jack , drag he off clarissa . jack be stunne , confuse ... brian swing the torch , hit jack in the head . jack cry out as brian hit he again in the face ! angle on : as the torch smack against jack 's head , the wild beam swing across the cornfield , lighting up the motionless figure of mr . harvey for one brief second . close on : mr. harvey stand passively on the edge of the cornfield . neither brian or jack see he . close on : jackn baseball bat lie discard on the ground ... brian 's snatch it up . brian ( cont 'd ) you want some of this ? be that what you want you sonofabitch ???? clarissa ( sobbing ) nott ! wide on : brian lay into jack with the baseball bat ... clarissa sob and cower . ext . heaven / gazebo - night 194 SOUND be mufple ... the picture dream -like . close on : susie lie on the gazebo floor ... jack 's face be half bury in the dirt fill she vision ... he moan softly , flinching from the rain of blows . 195 196 197 198 199 90 . susie gently stroke at she father 's face ... she be try to wipe away the blood ... but can not make physical contact . susie ( v.0 . ) I stay with my father until the ambulance come . they put tube in he arm and a mask on he face . the taste in my mouth be bitter ... int . salmon house / jackn study - night 195 susie ( v.0 . ) I wag grant one weak grace ... angle on : the candle burn in the window of jack study ... be suddenly blown out . the room go dark . on the soundtrack : it 's all qver now baby Blue by Graham bonnet int . hospital - night 196 jack be be rush into the emergency operating room . image : jack be operate on ... int . salmon house - night 197 angle on : grandma lynn slam down the phone ! angle on : grandma lynn speed off in the family car , leave lindsey and SAMUEL and a frighten buckley on the doorstep . buckley where 's dad ?! lindsey you nre go to stay at nate 's house . cut to : ext . street ~ night 198 angle on : lindsey cling on to SAMUEL , as he roar towards the hospital on he motor bike . int . jack 's hospital room - night 199 lindsey quietly open jackn door . he lie sleep in he hospital bed . lindsey hurry over to he . _ lindsey ( anxious ) dad ! dad - can you hear I ? angle on : jack , bandaged , bruise , motionless . 200 91 . lindsey ( cont 'd ) dad ? jack do not respond ... a respirator pump air into he body . lindsey gently take he hand and whisper to he ... lindsey ( cont 'd ) Stones and Bones ; snow and frost ; seed and bean and polliwog . path and twig , assort kiss , we all know who daddy miss ... close on : susie on the other side of jack bed ... susie ( whisper ) his two little frog of girl , that 's whol ; they know who they be , do you , do you ? angle on : lindsey tear stream down she cheek ... she watch the respirator slow ... jack pulse rate lower ... susie ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) we offer up we prayer , the dead child and the live , both of we want the same thing : to have we father to ourselves forever . ext . gazebo / heaven - night 200 angle on : susie be lie on churn earth in she heaven ... the light fade ... and the sky turn a sweet blue . a pigure walk slowly towards she , a man obscure in haze . susie look with wonderment . susie ( amaze ) dad ? susie start running - out of the gazebo - and towards the man , full of desperate hope ... she run fast . he slowly draw closer , he arm reach out towards she . grandfather susie ...! angle on : a kindly old man smile at susie , take she in he arm . susie granddad ...? as if time have stand still , susie at 6 year old , swing around she grandfather , stand on he shoe ... 201 202 92 . the image dissolves into a weightless fluid dance , with susie 14 year old and she grandfather slowly dance to beautiful music , with tear in he eye . grandfather ( emotional adagio for string . close on : susie look at he peaceful face . grandfather ( cont 'd ) sometimes you cry , susie , even when someone you love have be go a long time . pink and white blossom fall amongst they . dissolve to : ext . california - day 201 SUN setting on a beautiful orchard . a SMALL boy be run between the tree as the worker pack up for the day ... the boy run straight towards abigail . orchard worker be that you youngest ? how many have you get ? angle on : abigail glance at the worker ... abigail ( realize ) oh no ! he 's not mine . another worker scoops the SMALL boy up . abigail pause for a moment ... abigail ( cont 'd ) Three . I have three child . close on : susie 's photo . it be much creased and fade . abigail be sit beneath the tree ... as the SUN cast it 's last ray ... she trace a line with she finger around the contour of - susie 's face . close on : abigail gently nestle the photo amongst the blossom ... and slowly walk away , as a pink blossom roll down susien photo . dissolve to : ext . heaven - day 202 close on : a pink blossom flutter st susie as she grandfather take a step away from she . he be backlit with a soft yellow ght ... music fade . 203 204 205 206 93. grandfather I all be see you . susie grandad ? grandfather do not worry , sweetheart . you be so close . susie watch she grandfather turn and walk away , disappear into spot and dust ... infinity . int . hospital room - night 203 close on : lindsey watch as jack open he eye ... ext . salmon STREET car - day ( winter 1976 ) 204 SAMUEL be drive . jack sit between lindsey and buckley in the back seat . susie ( 0.s . ) that day my sister make a decision : we father would not be come home to return to a state of war ... close on : lindsey slowly turn and look out of the window . angle on : mr. harvey 's green house slide by . susie ( v.0 . ) one way or another ... she would end it . ext . salmon house - day 205 lindsey and buckley help jack out of the car , as grandma lynn usher they into the house . jack walk with difficulty , use a stick - he leg in plaster . rib and collar bone , strapped . ext . neighbourhood street - day 206 tracking : with the soccer team , jogging through the street in training . lindsey slow down , let herself drift towards the back of the pack . angle on : the soccer squad run past mr . harvey 's house ... lindsey , now clear at the back have time to study it . susie ( v.0 . ) for a week my sister case my killer 's house ... angle on : Pov of lindsey jogging down the street . she be be watch through barely parte lace curtain . mr. harvey 's hand slowly close the curtain ... daylight reflect in he glass . 207 208 209 94 . susie ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) Mr. harvey begin to feel a familiar itch . it have be a long time now ... but the salmon 's have remain bent on crowd he . int . bus terminal - day 207 angle on : abigail be buy a bus ticket at a greyhound station . clerk one fare to Philadelphia . be that a return ticket , ma‘am ? close on : abigail hesitates . ext . street - day 208 angle on : mr. harvey 's car pull out of he drive . lindsey watch he from the safety of she yard . susie ( v.0o . ) she see he leave the house for a hour every Thursday afternoon . ext . valley forge national park - day 209 image : mr. harvey' car pull into the parking lot ... he stroll the path ... he glass reflect school group wander past he . susie eo} he would walk he trail of Valley Forge Park ... occasionally a teacher or tour guide would notice he and he would be meet with a question stare . mr . harvey and the female teacher exchange soundless pleasantry as susie' voice over continue ... susie ( v.0 . ) geont 's >. he would tell storey of true love , widowhood and tragic loss . it be luscious food to a middle age spinster who be tired of teach grade achool . he listen politely a she talk about she pet and she brother and the unseasonable weather ; nodd and smile as he picture she sit on the chair in he basement - dead . sudden image : female teacher dead ... she feature grotesquely contort . 95 . 210 ext . salmon 's STREET - day 210 angle on : lindsey jogging with the soccer team ... as she round the corner to mr . harvey 's house , he glide past she in he car + ++ he glass reflect a flash of light as he catch she eye . close on : lindsey near mr . harvey' house ... she choose she moment . slowly lose ground , she clutches she tummy to simulate cramp , wave the other past she . slow down to a walk , lindsey wait until the jogging team disappear around the corner . she sit down , feign exhaustion , by the row of untrimm pine that mark mr . harvey be boundary . lindsey watch a neighbour go indoors , check around ... then quickly curl up into a ball and roll between the tree . 211 ext . philadelhpia bus station - day 211 angle on : abigail emerge from the bus station , suitcase in hand - look apprehensive . she hesitates for a moment ... then hail a cab . 212 ext . mr. harvey' garden - day 212 angle on : lindsey peer from the tree as the soccer team run past , do one last lap ... check she watch . susie ( v.0 . ) she have forty - five minute ... angle on : lindsey scramble across mr . harvey 's garden to he basement window ... she try the window , but it 's lock tightly . lindsey kick at the glass two or three time and it break ! 213 int . mr. harvey' basement - day 213 angle on : lindsey jump down into the basement . broken glass crunch beneath she foot . the basement be tidy and sweep . the safe sit in the corner ... a straight back chair in the middle of the room ... a large alarm clock on a shelf , next to the usual photo of benign mr. harvey . susie ( v.0 . ) my sister know she way around Mr. harvey 's house by instinct . it be a box in a subdivision of identical box . the floor plan of he house be exactly the same as we own . angle on : lindsey 's eye momentarily settle on the safe in the corner of the room . 7 on ) awtvit iout oo tit 214 215 216 96 . susie ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) something in the dank air of Mr. harvey 's basement make she cringe . angle on : lindsay stare intently at the safe . close on : lindsey 's feet move across the basement floor . below the floorboard we see dozen of animal bone strewn onto the dirt . she go up the basement stair , one at the time ... leave a fine grit of power glass with each step . push in : the safe as light spill onto it from the top of the stair , then swing back into darkness again . int . mr. harvey' house / live room - day 214 angle on : lindsey step into the hallway , hesitate in this house , identical to she own , expect for the DECOR . light sneak in through close blind . angle on : lindsey walk past the front door ... she freeze at a SOUND ! take cover behind the door , stay out of sight of the window ... she hold she breath ... thud ! a loud jolt as a newspaper thump into the door ... the newspaper boy ride off on he bike . lindsey start breathe again ! angle on : lindsey walk past the kitchen , every footstep seem to creak and groan . as lindsey leave frame , camera push into the kitchen and find susie , stand in the kitchen of the salmon house ... int . salmon house kitchen - day 215 angle on : now the sunlight be much stronger ... laughter as susie watch a toddler susie run past ! susie hurry after she ... now in a dreamy version of she own house , see moment from she childhood : young susie carry baby buckley on she shoulder ... abigail lift susie up to place the STAR on the christmas tree , as lindsey look on ... intercut : int . mr. harvey' house / live room - day 216 angle on : lindsey search through the house , she seem to almost hear the happiness from year earlier . 217 218 219 220 221 97 . int . salmon house - day 217 image : susie follow the memory ... slide down banister .-. lindsey and susie begging comic off jack ... birthdays ... easter ... smile as abigail try to focus she camera ... +s. susie race outside with lindsey , chase holiday ... susie take photo ... ext . heaven / valley forge - day 218 angle on : susie race out of she house ... straight into mr . harvey 's car , park at valley forge . he be sit behind the wheel , and start the engine . int . mr. harvey' house / live room - day 219 close on : lindsey check she watch . susie ( v.0 ) twenty minute .... ext . heaven / valley forge - day 220 mr . harvey reverse away ... leave susie stand by the side of the road . on the soundtrack : driving I backward by Brian eno int . heaven / mr . harvey 's house - day 221 angle on : susie burst into the hallway , the joyous memory now go ... the house now reflect the cold empty reality of mr . harvey 's existence . susie look for lindsey , but find a girl lie dead in a dusty corner , behind a fallen chair . susie ( v.0 . ) Jackie meyer. delaware , 1967 . thirteen . she be find in a stripe T-shirt , in a ditch by the side of the road . another girl scream from a heaving layer of dirt , like dry quicksand . susie ( v.0 . ) ( cont ’d ) flora hernandez . delaware , 1963 . eight . he would only want to touch she , but she scream . her bone lie in the earthen basement of a old apartment house . mr . harvey 's house distort and become a confusing amalgam of tree , grass and room ... a nightmarish mix of distort reality . in room after room , be the body of mr . harvey' victims . 98 . susie nearly trip over leah 's body . susie ( v.0 . ) ( cont ’d ) leah fox. delaware , 1969 . twelve . she be lure into a small shack he have build out of old door beneath a highway on -ramp . he take he time with leah , know that the roar of the interstate would drow out she scream , a body roll past susie , down a muddy bank . susie ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) Sophie cichetti , forty -nine year old . Pennsylvania , 1960 . he make love to she , smashed she skull in and dumped she body on the bank of a oreek . terrified face of a dead young girl . susie ( v.0 . ) ( cont ’d ) leida johnson. 1960 . Buck 's County , Pennsylvania . he dig a arched cave inside a hill near the quarry and wait . she be the youngest . she be six . intercut : 222 int . mr. harvey 's house / upstair - day 222 image : as susie discover mr . harvey' past , we intercut with lindsey climb the stair . she go into he bedroom , quickly rummage through papers on the bedside table . close on : lindsey feel a lose floor board wobble beneath she foot . she pull the rug back ... 223 int . heaven / mr . harvey' house - day 223 susie back away through bushes , as shadow dart and move around she ... image of mr . harvey strangling a young girl . susie ( v.0 . ) denise - Lee eng. Connecticut , 1971 . thirteen . she be wait for she father outside a bar . he rape she in the bush and then strangle she . as voice grow closer , and he bit down on the dead girl 's ear . '' sorry man " he hear a drunk say who be take a leak in nearby bush . angle on : mr. harvey lever himself up off the dead girl and as she head roll lifelessly to one side ... ++. we see that it be holly ! 224 225 226 227 228 229 230 231 99 . int . gazebo / heaven - day 224 angle on : susie collapse back into the gazebo ... wind swirl around she like a angry hurricane ... it groans , as if make human moaning noise ... she shrink against the wall , and cover she ear . ext . mr. harvey 's STREET - day 225 angle on : mr. harvey turn into he STREET . int . mr. harvey' bedroom - day 226 close on : lindsey dig she fingernails into the lose floor board , prise it out . she reach into the cavity beneath the floor , lindly grop . ext . mr. harvey 's house - day 227 mr . harvey pull into he driveway . int . mr harvey' bedroom - day 228 lindsey pull the sketch book out of it 's hiding place ... quickly flick through the page ... drawing of cross beam and brace , turret and buttress , measurement and note . with the turn of each page , sound from below punctuate the silence ... car breaking with a squeak ... car door slamm ... keys in front door ... close on : the last page , with the familiar drawing of the cornfield . int . mr. harvey' house - day 229 angle on : mr. harvey step into he hallway ... go into he kitchen . int . mr. harvey' bedroom - day 230 angle on : lindsey look at the drawing , take in the reality of what she see ... stalk above the sunken hole . int . mr. harvey' house - day 231 close on : mr. harvey make a snack - liverwurst and a bowl of sweet GREEN grape . he preeze at the SOUND of a floor board creek . 232 233 234 235 236 237 238 239 240 100 , int . mr. harvey' bedroom - day 232 close on : lindsey 's hand slowly lower the lose floor board back into place . she have the sketch book under she arm . very quietly , the board slide into position , until lindsey can not hold it anymore ... she have to let go to allow it to drop the last inch . click ! int . mr. harvey' house - day 233 angle on : mr. harvey stiffen , and suddenly move with frightening speed ! close on : grape BOWL clatter to the floor , as mr . harvey 's feet crush grape into the linoleum int . mr. harvey' bedroom - day 234 angle on : lindsey hear mr . harvey ... she hurriedly pull the rug over the board . int . mr. harvey 's house - day 235 mr . harvey take the stair , two at a time ! int . mr. harvey' bedroom - day 236 angle on : lindsey shove the blind to one side and grapples with the heavy , jammed window ... push it open ! int . mr. harvey' house / upstair - day 237 rushing : mr. harvey race towards he bedroom door . ext . mr. harvey' house - day 238 angle on : lindsey smashes out the screen , and roll onto porch roof ... int . mr. harvey' bedroom - day 239 mr . harvey race across he bedroom towards the window . ext . mr. harvey' house - day 240 angle on : lindsey tumble off the roof , break the gutter and landing heavily in bushes . in a second , she scramble up and race towards the pine ... 241 242 101 . ++. just as mr. harvey arrive at he window . Pov : lindsey salmon , the number 555 on she soccer shirt , disappear into the tree . ext . salmon STREET - day 241 frantic tracking : with lindsey , weaving around hedge , park car , surprised neighbour . lindsey cut across several back lawns , and clamber over the last fence , into she own back yard . int . salmon house - day 242 angle on : lindsey , cover in dirt and cut and bruise burst into the kitchen , startling grandma lynn , who be make coffee . lindsey ( breathless ) where ' 's dad ? before grandma lynn can get a word out , lindsey race into the hallway . lindsey ( cont 'd ) ( call ) ad ! angle on : lindsey burst into the live room , and stop dead in she track ! lindsey ( cont 'd ) Mom ...! angle on : abigail stand in the middle of the room , still in she coat ... she suitcase at she side . lindsey be unable to move , she foot be glue to the floor . lindsey ( cont 'd ) Mom ? what be you do here ...? at that moment , the SOUND of jack limping down the stair ... hushed voice as grandma lynn intercept he in the hallway . lindsey and abigail be both look at the door . abigail be tense ... lindsey sense she mother 's anxiety , walk over and quietly take hold of she hand ... she squeeze it tightly . jack come in the room and stop short ... jack ( softly ) abigail ... abigail take in jack broken bone ... the bandage ... 243 244 245 246 102 . abigail oh , my god ... tear spill down abigail be cheek ... jack look what it take to get you home . jack limp over and take she in he arm . abigail tenderly touch he batter face . jack ( cont 'd ) I would kiss you ... but I can not lean down . abigail stand on she tip-to and kiss jack ... as lindsey quietly leave the room . int . salmon house / hallway - day 243 lindsey walk straight into grandma lynn who scowl at lindseyas dishevelled appearance . grandma lynn alright . speak to I : what the hell happen to you ? angle on : lindsey hesitates ... she make a decision . lindsey I take a tumble down a bank . int . mr , harvey' house - day 244 close on : mr. harvey ... he eye drift over he live room ... he china ornament ... flash of the number on lindsey' soccer shirt : '' 555 '' intrude he concentration ... he half finish dollshouse ... he be silently weigh the odd . int . mr. harvey' garage - day 245 angle on : mr. harvey be sweat as he push the safe up a couple of plank into the back of he wagon . he quickly hurry into the front seat , and start the car . int . heaven / gazebo - day 246 angle on : susie as the safe contain she body slide past the gazebo , huge and distort . brown viscous liquid leak across the gazebo floor ... susie scramble back into a pile of dead leave . close on : a corner of fold paper stick out of the leave . susie pick it out of the pile ... it 's the paper holly give she at they last meeting . 247 248 103 . susie pick it up and see a childish drawing of a map . ext . heaven - day 247 susie be draw away from the gazebo ... as if fate be guide she to another place ... she follow the map , take a series of path through the bizarre landscape of heaven . ext . heaven / wheat field - day 248 wide on : susie , map in hand , find she way into a waving endless wheat field . angle on : susie suddenly stop ... ahead of she , in a clear , a little girl , wear a calico dress , be sit beneath a lone olive tree . she smile at susie . flora I come here almost everyday . I like to listen to the sound . susie do you know Holly ? flora do she give you a map to this place ? susie nod , she look down at the piece of paper holly give she . flora ( cont 'd ) then you must be ready . the little girl take susie 's hand . flora ( cont 'd ) I be flora hernandez . the other will be here soon . on the soundtrack : song of the sire by this mortal Coil susie be suddenly aware of girl and women emerge into the clear . angle on : susie curious ... amaze ... overwhelm . tear spilling down she cheek - as mr. harvey 's other victims slowly gather around she . angle on : a figure walk up to susie ... close on : a arm wrap around susie 's shoulder in a comforting embrace ... susie turn ... and see holly . wide on : susie and holly hug each other ... 249 250 104 . ext . connor' house - day 249 ray and RUTH be walk down the long drive to visit she parent . ray I never think I have see the day . it will not be the same without the Beast . RUTH it 's either that , or it swallow the house ! wide on : the sinkhole have grow to a huge size , work it 's way toward 's the connor 's house . mr . connor be walk towards they wave a sheaf of papers . mr . connor limestone and grout ! what good be that gonna do ! Jesus Christ ! what a crock of shit ! RUTH yes , it be a lovely day , dad ! beautiful weather ! angle on : behind they , a white wagon come slowly down the drive . close on : the safe in the back of mr , harvey 's wagon . wider : mr , harvey pull up beside the sinkhole and get out of the car . mr , connor stroll over to mr , harvey who gesture towards the safe in the back of he station wagon ... mr . harvey sorry to be a nuisance . I have be meaning to dump it for year . mr . connor you be too late . it 's ' D - Day 's ... I be fill she in . angle on : mr. harvey as he pull out a wad of note from he back pocket ... mr . harvey I will compensate you of course . push in : the truck of the wagon open , spilling light across the safe contain susie 's body . ext . heaven / wheatfield - day 250 close on : light wash across susie ‘s face , as she look into the serene face of mr . harvey' victims . 251 252 253 105 . ext . connor 's house - day 251 close on : the heavy safe thud to the ground . mr . connor what 's inside ? mr . harvey stale air . ray glance back at mr . harvey . ray who 's that ? RUTH be walk away from mr . harvey , as if repulse . she stand near the edge of the sinkhole . RUTH I dunno ... but he give I the skeevies ! ray push she playfully . ray the skeevies ? what be you ? twelve ! ext . heaven / wheatfield - day 252 close on : susie close she eye . ext . connor 's house - day 253 close on : susie open she eye ... she be now stand on the lip of the sinkhole , stare intensely at mr . harvey , who be slowly push the safe towards the hole ... susie ( v.0 . ) he be ordinary . unremarkable . a bland man . the kind of man who be easily pity and sometimes scorn ++. but never blame . this be the face he show to the world . I see another ... angle on : mr. harvey look up and appear to stare directly at susie ... but he see only RUTH . susie ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) horror be real . it be every day . it be like the blossoming of a flower or the presence of the sun ... it can not be contain . extreme close on : susie ... mr. harvey' word scream in she head 254 wti of tbi tit oa iie oo tit tss +) '' y y 106 . mr . harvey ( distort screech ) say it ! I need to hear you say it ! close on : RUTH stumble ... as she be blasted by a sudden image of susie . shocking , violent ... it 's the same image that hit she all that year earlier . except this time , susie 's hand do not brush past RUTH 's arm - it grab she arm and spin she round ! angle on : RUTH slump to the ground in a faint . ray lean over she , worried . ray Ruth ... can you hear I ? Ruth ? close on : RUTH lift she face ... there be something different about she ... what ray see be RUTH , what the audience see be susie . susie ( weakly ) Ray - he 's here . he 's go to bury I . image : the safe slowly edge towards the lip of the sinkhole . ray you need to lie down . ray help RUTH to she feet ... int . connor 's shed - day 254 susie lie on the bed ... visible through the window , mr. connor and mr . harvey be tipping the safe to the very lip of the hole . susie ( v.0 . ) I remember what it be to live on this earth ... to open you arm to the light ... ray lean over susie in the dimly lit shed ... he face close to hers . susie ( v.0o . ) ( cont ’d ) and feel the dark bright pity ... there be fear , excitement , long and doubt in susie 's eye ... susie ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) +e '' of be human . susie bath in filter light . image : the safe be teeter on the edge of the sinkhole . 107 . mr . connor ( 0.s. ) ( grunt ) one more push ... susie ( v.0 . ) I have be grant a moment of grace ... susie ( cont ’d ) Ray - ray what be it ? what 's the matter ? susie ( v.o. ) but it be beginning to fade ... susie look into rayn eye . she have a choice - she could tell he about the safe ... she body ... she killer . susie ( cont ’d ) Ray ... «+. she hesitate . susie ( cont ’d ) kiss ' gos ? ray lip slowly touch susie 's , with a gentle tenderness . as they part , tear well up in susie' eye ... a teardrop trickle down she face . ray gently brushes away the teardrop . ray ( gently ) do not cry ... susie ? ray pause realize what he have just say . he look into susie 's eye . susie you write I a note once . you call yourself the moor . ray see susie for the first time : a fragile image like a fragment of memory from a earlier time . ray ( whisper ) you be beautiful , susie salmon ... insert : the safe tumble into darkness ... ray lean toward susie ... and softly kiss she again . the screen radiate into brilliant white . 255 ext . ruth's shed ~ day 255 on the soundtrack : the Big ship by Brian eno 256 257 258 259 108 . angle on : RUTH and ray walk away from the shed . susie ( v.0 . ) this be the lovely bone that have grow around my absence ; image : jack and buckley stand nervously dress in best suit and tie ... susie ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) the connection - sometimes tenuous , sometimes make at great cost ... image : lindsey and SAMUEL emerge from a registry office newly marry ... susie ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) but often magnificent - that happen after I be go . int . sinkhole - dusk 256 angle on : the throat of the sinkhole as a slurry of gravel and scoria slide down , bury the safe forever ... susie ( v.0 . ) and I begin to see thing in a way «.. that let I hold the world without I in it . ext . mr. harvey 's house - day 257 crime scene tape surround the green house , now surround by police car . angle on : fenerman and several police dress in bio-suit , remove bag of bone . ext . route 202 - dusk 258 angle on : mr. harvey whistling as he pass the state line into illinois . int . susie ‘s bedroom - day 259 image : abigail quietly open susie 's bedroom door ... susie ( v.0 . ) when my mother come to my room , I realise that all this time I have be wait for she . I have be wait so long , I be afraid she would not come ... image : abigail cross the room and open the bedroom window ... but something give she pause , she turn and look around at * S room ... 260 261 262 109 , abigail I love you , susie . later : slow motion : abigail shake a billow sheet over susie 's bed «+. she turn , reacting to something ... susie ( v.0 . ) nobody notice when we leave . I mean the moment when we really choose to go . at best you might feel a whisper or the wave of a whisper , undulate down ... like a breath of air ona windless day . ext . wood - day ( summer 1977 ) 260 image : jack and abigail , walk through wood hand in hand . susie ( v.0 . ) I would like to tell you that it be beautiful here , that I be , as you will one day be , forever safe ... ext . heaven - day 261 image : susie walk through what seem like the same wood . she no longer seem so young , as if a subtle aging have occurred . susie ( v.0 . ) but it 's not quite like that . I still miss my family and I still sneak away to watch they sometimes ... ext . old house - day ( summer 1977 ) 262 image : lindsey and SAMUEL sit on the porch of the old house , beneath overhange tree . susie ( v.0 . ) and sometimes they think of I . image : lindsey and SAMUEL , with help from jack , abigail and buckley set about restore the old house . angle on : lindsey hold she rounded tummy ... she look up : there be a mix of disbelief and delight on she pace . susie ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) my father dream that one day he might teach another child to love ship in bottle . he know there would be both sadness and joy in it ... image : jack pause for a moment , paintbrush in hand , alone in the large hallway . 263 264 265 266 ) 4 4 110 . susie ( v.0o . ) ( cont 'd ) and that it would always hold a echo of I . ext . snow cover landsccape - day ( winter 1978 ) 263 soaring : camera glide from treetop to treetop ... weightless and free over a snow cover landscape . susie ( v.0o . ) 4 name be salmon , like the fish ; ' irst name , susie ... ext . diner / winter time - day 264 - wide on : a road side diner , near a busy road . a icy , cold winter 's day . susie I be fourteen when I be murder on December 6th , 1973 ... push in on : a back shot of lonely figure sit at the counter of the diner . the camera circle around to reveal : mr. harvey , dishevelled and unshaven sit hunch at the counter , nursing a cup of coffee . he be a lot older than when we last see he . int . diner - day 265 a teenage girl come out of the restroom , and head out into the cold , humming along with she walk - man walk straight into the cold blast of AIR , mr. harvey followa ex . ext . outside the diner - day 266 angle on : the teenage girl light up a cigarette in the shelter lee of the diner . on one side be wood , on the other , a steep ravine drop away into a deep gully . tree branch hang overhead . mr . harvey look for a ride ? girl um hmmmm . the teenage girl look bore and unimpress at mr. harvey be approach . high angle : revolve above mr . harvey and the teenage girl ... as_a row of sharp icicle slide into shot , hang from the branch above the pair . 267 268 '' 111 . mr . harvey be you alone ? girl piss off ... creep ! the teenage girl flick the stub of she cigarette at mr . harvey and walk off . slow motion : a icicle break off and gently fall like a shimmer dart towards mr . harvey' head . close on : the icicle land on he head and harmlessly shatter . but the surprise cause mr . harvey be step to falter , slip on the freeze ground , lose he balance . wide on : mr. harvey , at the top of the ravine , alone in a snow cover landscape , as he topple backwards fall down the steep ravine behind the diner . ext . diner / spring time - day ( spring 1979 ) 267 the winter snow have all but melt away . Signs of spring be in the air ... a frazzle mother herd a group of rowdy child out of the diner towards the family car . a SMALL child wander off , venture near the edge of the ravine ... mother billy ! come away from there ! on the soundtrack : celtic swing by Van morrison begin ... the mother guide the child away as the camera travel over the edge of the ravine down into the gully . a melting snow drift reveal a freeze hand , blue and frosted , clutching the air . tracking in : the camera move slowly towards the lifeless body of mr . harvey ... he eye be OPEN and staring . a bug crawl aimlessly across he cheek . ext . construction site - day 268 a large construction site - huge bulldozer digging the old quarry . a foreman be take measurement with a survey team . he notice something in the dirt by he foot ... and bend down , pick up a SMALL glinting object . 112 . 269 int . foreman 's house - night 269 close on : a woman 's finger deftly brush mud encrust dirt off susiex charm bracelet to reveal ... «+. the tiny bike , ballet shoe , flower basket and thimble , have be dull by year of burial but in spite of this , glint of silver still break through the grime . wife somebody lose they charm bracelet ... the foreman look up briefly before turn a page of he newspaper . wife ( cont 'd ) this little girl 's grow up by now ... fade to black . susie ( v.0 . ) almost . not quite . I wish you all a long and happy life . the end