love and basketball by gina prince -bythewood open title slow motion . stylized . tight . the silhouette of a man and woman . they be on a blacktop basketball court , play a sexually - charge game of one - one - one . sweat glisten . hand pull at clothes . hip bump and collide . eye lock ... fade to : black . fade in : title card : " first quarter " then " 1981 " baldwin hill ext . mccall house - late morning a upper middle - class neighborhood , know as the Black beverly Hills . Big house , green grass and caddy in every other driveway . the street be quiet , until -- young voice ( o.s. ) you wanna be kareem ? camera reveal : quincy mccall , eleven year old , dribble a basketball in front of kelvin and jamal , also eleven . he sport a for , a " clipper " jersey , and a serious swagger . quincy ( cont 'd ) all he big butt do be stand by the basket . jamal shoot , I will be block you stuff . kelvin I be gonna be like Dr. J. quincy I 'ma be like my dad . jamal he be not a star or nothing . quincy I do not see none of you sorry daddy in the NBA . kelvin hey , look , q. quincy follow kelvin 's eye , to a beat - up pair of converse all - star approach from next door . walk in the kick be a young kid in a T-shirt and tuff-skin , and a laker cap pull low . a move van be park in the driveway . kelvin ( cont would ) think only girl be move in . quincy that 's what my mom say . kelvin I hope he can ball . jamal Bet he 's a scrub . the kid stop at the edge of quincy 's driveway . kid hey . quincy hey . kid can I play ? quincy you nice ? kid yeah , I be nice . quincy look the kid up and down , then -- quincy you and kelvin gainst I and jamal . quincy toss the kid the ball . the kid pull off the baseball cap . Brown hair tumble down , frame a soft brown face and bright eye . she be monica wright , eleven year old . jamal ah man , he be a girl . quincy Girls can not play no ball . monica Ball better than you . quincy laugh derisively as monica walk to the top of the driveway . quincy ( whisper ) what a dog . monica shoot he a glare . jamal she hear you . quincy nuh uh , they could only hear dog whistle . monica start to dribble . jamal whistle as he walk backwards , guard she . she throw up a shot . it be a airball . quincy and jamal crack up . kelvin roll he eye . quincy grab the rebound and shoot . swish . quincy ( cont would ) one , zip . he roll the ball to monica . she start dribble and again , jamal just back up with she . she pass to kelvin . jamal and quincy collapse on he , leave monica open under the basket . trapped kelvin have no choice but to pass it back . monica catch the ball and throw up a shot . it bank off the backboard ... and drop through the net . the boy look at she in shock . monica toss the ball back to quincy . monica one , up . quincy lucky . quincy easily dribble by kelvin and lay up the ball . he throw the ball back to monica . quincy ( cont would ) two , one . monica dribble . jamal play she a little tighter . monica bounce the ball through he open leg and lay up the ball . monica two , up . quincy can not believe it . kelvin crack up . kelvin aaah , she dogge you . jamal shut up . the game continue , with quincy and monica trading basket for they team . quincy grow agitate with jamal , who be unable to stop she . the score hit nine , nine . quincy stand at the top of the driveway , ball in hand . quincy Point . quincy dribble through he leg , then pop a outside shot . the ball bounce on the rim ... and roll off . quincy curse as monica grab the rebound and clear the ball . jamal move to guard she , but quincy shove he off . quincy ( cont would ) I get she . quincy defend . monica smile back at he . monica told you I be nice . I be go to be the first girl in the NBA . quincy I 'ma be in the NBA . you be gonna be my cheerleader . monica suddenly pass to kelvin , sprint for the basket . quincy stumble , give she a step . kelvin throw it back . quincy know he 's beat as monica go for the win lay-up . in desperation , he swing at she for the hard foul , shove she off balance . the ball fly from her hand as she crash to the ground , face - first . she grab her cheek . blood slip through her finger . the boy stand freeze . quincy stare down at she , he eye wide with fear ... and regret . int . wright house - bathroom - late morning monica lean over the sink as she mother , camille , 36 , wipe the blood from she face with a washcloth . girl voice ( o.s. ) eeew . her sister , lena , 14 , lean in the doorway , make a face . she be a mirror of they mother , with relaxed hair and paint nail . her father , nathan , 39 , move behind lena , hold a box . nathan how be you feel , munchkin ? monica nod . he smile . nathan ( cont would ) yeah , you be through . camille she need to stop run around like a little boy . nathan she 's alright . camille how be she alright look the way she do ? nathan Camille , she will be fine . he give monica a wink , cross away . monica pull the washcloth away from she Mom and start wiping the blood herself . camille I will get some ice . she exit . lena shake she head , follow . monica pull the washcloth from she face and stare into the mirror . torn skin surround a SMALL deep gash in her cheek . see she latest battle scar , there 's only one thing leave for this little girl to do . she smile . int . mccall house - kitchen - day quincy sit at the kitchen table , write " I am sorry " in block letter across a homemade card . his face be tight with concentration as he try to write in a straight line . at the counter , he mom , nona , move a cake from its store box to a cake dish . she be 30 , beautiful , with effort . she smooth the frosting with a spoon . zeke , 32 , with the height and ego of a NBA ballplayer , enter . he laugh . zeke girl , who you try to fool ? quincy look up , smile . he quickly grab a piece of crumpled paper , and toss it to Zeke . quincy alley-oop , dad . nona intercept he pass . nona Boy ... she point he back to he card . quincy scowl , start write again . nona scoops some frosting on she finger , hold it up . nona ( cont would ) New neighbor . Zeke wrap he lip around she finger , suck the frosting off . zeke see , quincy , this be how you mom catch I , with the old fake and bake . have I think I be get a sister who could burn . nona laugh , pull he down for a kiss . quincy suddenly throw down he pencil in frustration . quincy I can not do this shit . Zeke and nona pull away , stare at quincy in shock . zeke Boy , what would I tell you about use that word ? quincy ( sigh , then ) " can not " should never be in a man 's vocabulary . zeke why not ? quincy Cause when you say can not , you be not a man . zeke that 's right . nona Zeke . zeke what ? ( then ) oh , and , uh , do not say " shit . " nona just shake she head . nona we should head over . zeke just you and quincy , baby . I get a meeting . nona with who ? zeke Business folk . nona you just get back from a four game road trip . zeke nona , do not start bitching . I get maybe two year leave to play . I be just try to put some thing together for we . Zeke grab he key . zeke ( cont would ) later , quincy . quincy later , dad . Zeke exit . nona lean against the counter , concerned . quincy ( cont would ) Mom ? nona what ? quincy we still have to go ? nona ( beat ) yeah . int . wright house - live room - day Camille and nona stand among the pile of box . monica and quincy stand at they mother ' side , steal glance at each other . a large bandage cover monica 's cheek . monica hold she card , Camille hold the cake . nona ... we move back here when quincy be about five , after Zeke be trade . Neighborhood be a little more mix back then ... camille until the Black family down the street become the Black family next door . nona ( nod ) okay ? Camille try to smooth down monica 's unruly hair . monica move she head . camille well , thanks again . this be really nice of you . nona it be the least we could do . and I love to cook . quincy look up at he Mom , surprised . she quickly hug he face into she stomach . Camille light up . camille oh , I too . I use to cook for my friend ' party and thing back in Atlanta . nona you be a caterer ? camille well , no , but once Nathan get settle and the girl get a little older , it 's definitely something I want to do . ( then ) since you love to cook , maybe it 's something we can talk about . quincy snicker . nona quickly change the subject . nona you know , girl , long as I have live next door , I have never see the inside of this house . camille really ? well , come on , then . Camille hand monica the cake . camille ( cont would ) honey , put this in the kitchen . nona help she , quincy . Camille and nona head down the hall , leave monica and quincy alone . the two just stand there . quincy reach out , scoops a finger of frosting , and pop it in he mouth . beat , then monica take a bigger scoop . quincy so ... do it hurt ? monica it 's this big hole . you could almost see bone . quincy for real ? monica uh huh . quincy be impressed . quincy so how come you could play basketball ? monica I just can . quincy I never know a girl that could play . monica my Mom say she do not know where I come from ' cause I act different . quincy you dad play ? monica he work at a bank . quincy my dad play for the " clipper . " he say I 'ma be a doctor or a lawyer , but I 'ma play for they , too . same number and everything . monica I be go to be number thirty - two , like Magic . quincy he 's alright , but my dad can take he . monica what be the most point you daddy ever get in junior High ? quincy I do not know . a lot . monica one time Magic score forty - eight point , and they only have six minute quarter and he sit out the whole fourth . quincy you do act different . monica I do not care . quincy well , if anybody bother you , you could just tell I cause I run this street . monica I would just tell my sister , lena . quincy she do not know how to box , I bet . my dad show I how to fight like Ali . he show off a flurry of punch . monica so , I know karate from " almighty isis . " monica put the cake down on a box , do a couple of kick and hand movement . quincy be impressed . quincy Bet you can not do this though . quincy do a jump kick . monica do the same . quincy ( cont would ) okay , how bout this ? quincy take a couple step back , then do a cartwheel . it look great , until he crash into the box with the cake . the cake fall onto he head and shoulder . monica double over , laugh . quincy be embarrassed . Camille and nona rush back into the live room . camille monica , what do you do ? monica nothing . camille ( to nona ) oh , all that work . nona it 's ... it 's okay . can I get a towel ? Camille quickly cross into the kitchen . quincy stare at the floor . quincy sorry . nona bend down , whisper in he ear . nona no. good boy . int . wright house - monica's room - night monica sit between lena 's leg , grimace , as lena work a comb through she freshly wash , kinky hair . monica 's head flop like a rag doll . her eye be wet . monica ow ! lena keep tug . monica ( cont would ) ow , lena !!! monica punch she in the leg . lena ow ! lena yank monica 's head back as Camille enter , carry a yellow dress on a hanger . monica see it and she face fall . monica ah , Mom . camille I be lucky I find it . someone put you box of dress under a pile of rag in the garbage . monica sulk . lena cackle in she ear . Camille have to laugh . camille ( cont would ) child , pick up you lip . monica I hate it . camille Fine , you do not like this one , which one would you rather wear ? monica pant . Camille rub she temple , then hang the dress on the door . camille ( to lena ) when you be do can you make sure she brushes she tooth ? lena be you okay ? camille I just need to lay down . I have be run around all day . just then , Nathan enter . he hold up two dress shirt as if it be a matter of life and death . nathan which one for tomorrow ? camille the blue . nathan you sure ? Camille nod . Nathan look at both of they , then : nathan ( cont would ) can you iron both tonight just in case ? camille ( beat ) okay . nathan thanks , sweetheart . he kiss she on the cheek , hand she the two shirt and cross out . monica just watch . beat , then camile turn back to she daughter . camille the boy next door be riding with you to school so you will know somebody you first day . ( to lena ) hurry so she can go to sleep . monica react , surprised . Camille leave . lena put the comb back to monica 's hair . beat , then : monica make it look nice , kay . int . mccall house - quincy' room - night basketball poster , " clipper " and usc memorabilia , a basketball globe light . quincy lay tuck in bed , eye wide open , listen to he parent making love . the sound bring a smile to he face . quincy climb out of bed , wear underwear . he move to he window , see monica through she window directly across from he . her eye be close as lena braid she hair . quincy kneel down , rest he arm on the window sill , and watch . ext . mccall and wright house - morning quincy sit atop he bmx bike in front of monica 's house . a basketball be tuck under he arm . monica emerge , walk she banana-seater . she be look cute in she yellow dress and braid tie with ribbon . a basketball sit in she back basket . quincy be take aback , stare at she . quincy you wanna be my girl ? monica blink in surprise . she think for a moment . monica what do I have to do ? quincy I guess , you know , we play ball and we ride to school together . and if you get mad at I , I gotta give you flower . monica I do not like flower . quincy oh. monica how bout twinkies ? my mom will not ever buy they . quincy Kay . monica okay . a awkward beat between the new couple . finally -- quincy I think we gotta kiss now . monica for how long ? quincy five second . the two glance around , then climb off they bike and walk to the secluded area between they two house . quincy ( cont would ) ready ? monica nod . they lean in , eye wide open , and touch lip . quincy count to five with he finger . they pull away , embarrassed , and walk back to the driveway . monica lift she bike from the ground and climb on . quincy ( cont would ) wait . Cause you be my girl now you gotta ride my bike . monica I want to ride my own bike . quincy my dad always drive my Mom . monica so ? quincy ( impatient ) so that mean I have to ride with you . monica do not move . quincy ( cont would ) come on . monica I do not have to do what you say . quincy man , forget you then , stupid . monica you be stupid . and you daddy play for the worst team in the NBA . quincy 's face instantly cloud . quincy what ? monica ( laugh ) last time they win , Dr. J. be a nurse . quincy shut up ! he shove she , knock she off she bike . quincy ( cont would ) I do not wanna be you boyfriend , you ugly dog ! monica leap up , she dress now dirty . she shove he back . monica I do not want to be you girlfriend , big head ! they grapple , then fall to the ground swinging ... fade to : black . footage . Men 's NCAA final . Michigan State against Indiana State . Magic Johnson against Larry Bird . Magic drive on Bird , hit a beautiful scoop shot . he celebrate as he jog back down court ... fade in : title card : " second quarter " then " 1988 " int . crenshaw high school gym - day a snarling Black cougar glare down from a large mural . on the court below , a girl 's basketball play - off game . the bleacher be almost half - full with a hype crowd . in the crowd be monica 's parent . her father be excited and vocal . her mom read a book . also in the stand , the head coach of the tennessee lady vol , PAT summit . a fine - ass brother lean in the doorway , sport a letter jacket with a embroider " q " on the chest . he get as much attention as the game . a couple of junior varsity cheerleader smile he way . cheerleader " U " , " G " , " L " , " y " , you be not get no alibi , you ugly , yeah , yeah , you ugly . " m " , " a " , " m " , " a " , how you think you get that way , you mama , yeah , yeah , you mama . on the floor , monica , dribble down court . just eighteen , she athletic figure have a few curve , but she loose jersey do little to show it off . her hair be a mess and she knee be dark with bruise . a small scar be visible on she cheek . she whip a no-look , around the back pass to a cut teammate under the basket , who score . the crowd cheer . monica defend the oppose point guard like a gnat . she knock the ball loose and grab it up . she go for a lay - up and the oppose guard step in front of she . monica crash into she , knock both to the floor . a whistle . referee no basket ! Offensive foul , number thirty - two . monica leap up . monica what ? she be not set ! the referee ignore she . monica ( cont would ) she be still move ! from the sideline , coach hiserman wave frantically . coach hiserman monica ! let it go ! monica stare down the ref as she jog back on defense . the oppose guard drive the lane and put up a shot . monica leap and block it with a taunting scream . a whistle . referee technical foul ! number thirty - two . coach hiserman slam down he clipboard . monica charge the referee . a teammate grab at she but she push she off . monica for what ? referee taunting . monica taunting ?! coach hiserman sub ! monica man , you suck ! the referee whip back around , whistle in mouth . coach hiserman grab she arm and pull she off the court . coach hiserman sit down and shut up . monica slam down in a chair , sweat pour , hand clench . her mom watch from the stand , completely embarrassed . the brother in the doorway turn , leave . monica look up at the clock . six minute left in the third quarter . dissolve to : int . crenshaw high school gym - late day monica , still bench , sit slump in she chair , she sweat on , she face dry . she glance up at the clock . twenty second left in the FOURTH quarter . her team 's up by six . her teammate dribble out the clock . the buzzer sound and they dance across the floor . monica look up in the stand . coach summit be gone . int . wright house - kitchen - dusk Camille , now forty - three , stand at the stove stir a pot of gumbo . lena , 21 , and pretty , stand next to she , hold a handful of plate and silverware . camille ... and if you want a thicker base , you can cut in a potato or just use a little flour . lena but you use potato ? Camille nod as they cross into : int . dine room - continuous at the table , monica be in mid-conversation with she dad . Camille and lena start set the table . monica dad , you have to talk to coach for I . nathan and what be I suppose to say to the man ? monica the coach from Tennessee be there and he have I riding the bench . nathan you lose you head . monica I be just show emotion . camille so that mean it 's alright for you to act like that ? lena ( to monica ) what would you do ? monica ( dismissive ) nothing . camille I do not know why I keep hope you will grow out of this tomboy thing . monica I will not . I be a lesbian . lena choke on she drink , crack up . camille that 's not funny monica well , that 's what you think , be not it ? Cause I would rather wear a jersey than a apron ... camille watch you mouth . Nathan quickly jump in , try to clean thing up . nathan monica , I think she point be ... maybe it 's time to start think about other thing besides basketball . monica ( take aback ) what ? nathan you only have one game leave and you have not be recruit . munchkin , I want it as bad as you do , but we have to face reality . monica the coach from usc be go to be at the championship . nathan I know . but chance be ... monica chance be there 's still a chance . Nathan nod . she can always soften she dad , but not she mom . camille if you would just listen for once , you would realize you have a lot more go for yourself . you be smart , you would be pretty if you put a comb to you head . I mean , why walk around with you hair look like " whodunit " ...? as she mom nag on , monica look out the window . outside , quincy and a girl lean against a car park at the curb , slobbing each other down . just shy of 18 , with a magnetic face and muscular body , he be a brother who drank he chocolate milk . he be also the brother who be watching monica's game from the gym doorway . monica watch and she mom 's dron voice disappear ... ext . mccall house - same time felicia , 17 , can not get enough of quincy 's lip . quincy yo , Felicia , I gotta get to my game . she keep kissing he . quincy ( cont would ) and my mom 's about to be home . felicia so I be not good enough to meet you mom ? quincy girl , she know I have a hottie like you up inhere , she would beat the black off I . felicia ( kissing he again ) that 's a lot of beat . she finally let go , and slide into she car . quincy watch she go with a cocky - ass smile . int . crenshaw high school gym - night a frenzied crowd from floor to ceiling watch quincy explode across the court . he be the complete point guard - hit from the outside , drive to the hoop , no - look pass , play tight D . ' his father , Zeke , now 39 , stand on the sideline . his muscle have soften a little over the last five year of retirement . monica sit alone in the bottom row , hold a basketball . she wear jeans and a T-shirt and she hair be pull back in a simple pony -tail . quincy do a killer cross-over move and he defender fall down . he lay up the ball , then taunt the player he just poster - ize . behind monica , two girl smack each other excitedly . one of they , shawnee , 17 , pretty , big chest , slide down into the empty seat next to she . shawnee hey , girl . monica hey . shawnee you hair look so cute like that . monica know she 's full of shit , do not respond . shawnee ( cont would ) so ... you know who q 's ask to the spring dance ? monica no. shawnee c'mon , girl , you live next door . who 's be creep ? monica there 's so many I just can not keep track . shawnee well , can you give he this for I ? shawnee hold out a fold note . monica do not take it . monica give it yourself . shawnee I do not wanna look fast . ( drop it in monica 's lap ) thanks , girl . she slide back to she seat . monica shake she head , turn back to the game . quincy dive for a loose ball . shawnee clutches she friend . shawnee ( cont would ) good Lord , look at that ass . I just want to lick the sweat off it . monica take in he tight body . he do look good . quincy jog back down court and flashbulb go off ... match CUT to : int . crenshaw high school gym - night flashbulb . quincy stand with he dad , he sweat still fresh , talk to a reporter name jim . jim quincy , word have it you might make the jump the NBA . zeke do not go start rumor , Jim . my son 's college bound with or without basketball . jim you could make a career by tell I where . zeke gotta wait till the press conference . jim but you would love for he to play at usc , like you do . zeke I would love for he to get a good education . ( then ) that 's it . Jim cross away . Zeke put a affectionate arm around he son as they walk toward the locker room . zeke ( cont would ) we should have another talk with coach carril at Princeton . quincy pop , there 's no way a ivy League team be go all the way . zeke I do not care about the team . I care about the school . quincy do not we already have this conversation ? Zeke sigh , then : zeke you play good . I be proud of you . quincy smile wide . quincy yeah ? ( then ) so you up for a game later ? zeke I do not wanna hurt you feeling . quincy you do not wanna hurt you back . zeke ( smile ) anyway , I gotta get to this meeting . tell you Mom I be gonna be late . quincy you work too hard , pop . zeke let 's hope I can say the same about you one day . quincy watch he dad move toward the door , stop once to give a autograph . Zeke pass monica , enter . monica hey , Mr. M. zeke hey , miss baller . he exit . monica approach quincy . monica Way to hoop . quincy I know this . what do you want ? monica a ride home . quincy you leg do not look break . monica look , big head , I will be at you car . quincy guess " please " would be a stretch . monica ( dryly ) please . int . quincy' jeep - night silence as quincy wheel he Jeep wrangler toward home . monica sit in the passenger seat , basketball in lap . she pull shawnee 's note from she pocket . quincy glance it over . quincy what 's that ? monica some note shawnee easton tell I to give to you . quincy ( think ) Big -ass titty ? monica shoot he a disgust look . quincy reach out . quincy ( cont would ) give it here . monica lean away , read aloud . monica " q. I think you be so fine and I have be want to get with you . let I take you to the spring dance and I promise I will leave you satisfied . " monica laugh in disbelief . monica ( cont would ) what a ho . quincy why she gotta be a ho , just cause she want to get with I . monica she 's a ho cause she 's send she coochie through the mail . quincy and ? monica and ? she 's not say , " I think you be a nice guy and I wanna get to know you better , " she 's say , " I wanna bone . " quincy so she 's honest . monica yeah , a honest tramp - ass ho . but I guess you will stick you dick in anything . quincy do not know you care so much . monica I do not . quincy so who you go to the dance with , Spalding ? monica who 's Spalding ? quincy look down at the spald basketball in she lap and crack up . monica glare . monica ( cont would ) fuck you , quincy . quincy see , that 's why you be not get recruit . monica who say I be not get recruit ? quincy you hot - ass temper . monica point to the scar on she cheek . monica I be not the one who put this scar here . quincy God , here we go . monica when we be eleven year old cause he be about to lose . quincy turn , face she . quincy that 's it , give it you best shot . monica would you watch the damn road ? quincy I mean it , give it you best shot , cause I be tired of you hold that over my head . monica I be warning you , do not tempt I . quincy I be warning you . you do not stall that bad attitude , no one 's gonna recruit you . quincy pull he Jeep into he driveway . monica please , you jump in some guy 's face , talk smack and you get a pat on you ass . but because I be a female , I get tell to calm down and act like a " lady " . I be a ballplayer , okay . a ball player . quincy with a jack - up attitude . monica do not know you care so much . quincy I do not . monica good . monica slam out of the Jeep and walk across the lawn to she house . quincy exit he ride . int . mccall house - entry way - short time later quincy step inside , drop he bag on the floor . his mom , nona , approach from the dining room . quincy what 's up , mom . nona hold up a large hoop earring . nona what be this ? quincy uh , you earring ? nona I look like some hoochie to you ? I find it on you floor . quincy what be you do in my room ? quincy cross into : int . kitchen - continuous nona follow . quincy pull open the fridge , grab a couple of slice of cold pizza . nona quincy , I tell you about this fat - ass girl . quincy we be just study . nona I be not play with you , this girl be look to get you catch . they see you , they see dollar sign . quincy okay . nona you hearing I ? quincy I have be hearing you . nona eye she son , then let up . she give he a kiss . nona how be you game ? quincy twenty -seven point , eleven assist and still undefeate . nona still the man . quincy yup . nona smile , start back the kitchen . nona where 's you dad ? quincy Said he would be home later . nona later when ? quincy I do not know , he have a meeting or something . quincy exit to he room . int . mccall house - zeke and nona' room - late night nona angrily roll she hair as Zeke undress . zeke I have some player to see and hand to shake . nona at one in the morning ? zeke I be not gonna get anywhere punch a clock just so my wife do not get a attitude . nona I come second to the NBA . I be not about to come second to this bullshit scout job . Zeke look at she , offended . nona ( cont would ) I do not mean it like that . zeke yeah . nona I be just say it would be nice if you find time for you family . you should see the tramp come after quincy . if you do not talk to he ... zeke I have . a beat . nona you say you would think about go back to get you degree . zeke no , you say I should get my degree . I like my " bullshit " job , okay , and it 's gonna lead to a spot in the front office . til then , do not worry , there 's just enough savings to keep you ass in gucci and gold . livid , nona pull off she gold bracelet , throw it at he . nona Fine , then how many night home be that ? zeke keep you voice down . she grab a pair of gold earring from she jewelry box , nail he . nona how about now ? I get a week yet ? int . mccall house - quincy' room - continuous quincy lie in bed , stare at the ceiling , as he parent continue to have it out . he roll out of bed , pull on a pair of short and a T-shirt . he move to he window , pull it open and climb out ... ext . mccall and wright house - continuous quincy cross the grass to monica 's window , knock quietly . Long beat , then monica sleepily stumble to she window , wear boxer and a tank top . she push it open and quincy pull himself through ... int . wright house - monica's room - continuous now a routine , monica toss quincy one of she pillow and blanket , then crawl back into bed . he lay out on the floor and close he eye . monica cast a long , sleepy glance at he , then drift back to sleep . dissolve to : int . wright house - monica be room - late day poster of Magic line three wall . a hand - make collage of female college and Olympic ball - player fill the fourth . the only real " soft " touch be the teddy bear lay on the pillow . monica sit on the floor between lena 's leg , as lena put monica 's hair in cornrow . lena that too tight ? monica no. lena Mom 's go to hate it . monica always on my ass , anyway . lena like you do not give she a hard time . monica just cause I do not kiss she booty like you ... lena yank monica 's head back . monica ( cont would ) ow !!! lena you need to . she 's alone in this house all day , take care of dad and you ungrateful behind . monica no one 's force she . lena just try and chill a little bit , alright . monica do not answer . lena yank she head back again . monica ow !!! okay ! they crack up . lena so what 's go on with the spring dance ? you have a date yet ? monica ( sarcastically ) yeah , brother be line up at my locker . lena I find you someone . monica found ? I be not some charity case . lena I know ... monica Mom tell you to do this ? lena no . monica damn , lena ... ( then ) who be he ? lena this brother from my college . monica he 's in college ? lena and he 's fine , girl . monica how would you get he to say yes ? lena I tell he you look like I . monica oh , great . lena you do . monica yeah , right . lena if you be tore up I would not be claim you . trust . monica be not convinced . lena ( cont would ) we will do something cute with you hair , get you a dress , get you some heel ... monica I do not know how to walk in heel . lena hey . you just worry about play you behind off for that recruiter tonight . let I worry about you date . lena start to braid monica 's hair again . beat , then ... monica you ever be in love ? lena too many time . monica they ever love you back ? lena yeah , once I cut they off . why ? monica just shrug . lena continue braid . ext . mccall house - driveway - late day quincy and Zeke sweat through a playfully intense game of one - on -one . quincy almost break Zeke 's ankle with a cross-over dribble , and leave he in the dust . he stop under the basket , wave for he dad to come on before lay it up . Zeke smile , tell quincy to bring that shit on again . quincy try he cross-over again and this time Zeke pick he clean . Zeke taunt he as he easily back in on he to the basket . int . wright house - kitchen - dusk Camille stand at the stove , cooking up some yam . monica enter with a gym bag over she shoulder , dribble she ball . the hood of her sweatshirt cover her hair . camille monica , please . monica stop . monica sorry . ( then ) I be leave . Camille fill a spoon from the pot , hold it out . camille taste this . monica I can not eat before a game . camille child , take a bite . monica sigh , take a bite . it 's good . camille ( cont would ) I find some apricot chutney and mix it with the yam . monica you really should be a caterer or something like you use to say . camille sure . in between all the other thing I have to do . she pull off monica 's hood , then stop when she see she braid . monica look back defiantly . monica what ? camille nothing . so good luck . she force a smile , turn back to she cooking . monica just nod , and cross out . int . crenshaw high school gym - night the championship game . the bleacher be almost fill . Nathan and lena sit , dead center . also in attendance , coach cheryl miller - the coach of usc . quincy sit in the back row with a couple of teammate . as always , he 's the focus of much attention . monica and she teammate be crouch in a tight huddle , surround coach hiserman . coach hiserman I do not have to tell you girl how big this game be . we work too damn hard all season to leave without this championship . so let 's play smart ... ( look at monica ) ... let 's play in control , and let 's kick some butt . cougar on three . once ...two ... three . team cougar ! as monica move to center court , she glance up at the usc coach , then at quincy . monica take a deep breath as she line up for the open tip . a oppose player suddenly bump she out of position . monica glare at she , but just move over . the ball be toss up ... smash CUT to : int . crenshaw gym - night fourth quarter . one minute leave . cougar down three . monica dribble down court , bounce with confidence as she opponent play she tight . monica zip a no-look pass to a teammate , who lay it up . quincy punch one of he friend - " oh shit ! " she be have the game of she life . on the defensive end , monica steal the ball . she drive the length of the court , lay it up between two defender . the crowd be hype . twenty second leave , up by one . monica hound the oppose guard as she bring up the ball . monica suddenly reach in and knock the ball loose . as she go for the ball , a whistle . referee reaching in , number thirty - two . one - and - one . boos fill the gym . monica 's eye widen . monica no ! anger rush through she as she start for the ref . monica ( cont would ) that 's bullsh --! coach hiserman monica ! monica catch herself , turn the word " shit " into a frustrated yell as she quickly move away from the ref . monica line up for the free-throw , clenching she fist . the girl hit the first one . then , she hit the second . with ten second leave , down by one , monica drive down court and throw up a prayer . everyone be on there feet as the ball spin around the rim . and then ... it pop out . a oppose player grab the rebound and monica have no choice but to foul she . monica have just foule out . she walk to she bench and drop down . she bury she face in a towel and sob . the buzzer go off . cougar lose . quincy stare at monica , feel almost as bad as she do . dissolve to : int . wright house - monica's room - night monica sit slump on she bed in a bathrobe , as lena stand in front of she , put the finish touch on monica 's make -up . lena might help if you do not look so evil . monica I do not even want to go . she step back , look at she work . lena Mom ! beat , then Camille enter . lena ( cont would ) talk to I . Camille stare at she daughter , take aback by how great she look . camille go in my top drawer and get my pearl . lena exit . monica still look miserable . camille ( cont would ) you okay ? monica shrug . camille ( cont would ) well , can you promise I one thing ? monica what ? camille tonight , do not worry about yesterday 's game , the recruiter , or anything else . I just want you to enjoy be beautiful . will you do that ? monica take this in as lena return with Camille 's pearl . lena here . Camille put they around monica 's neck . monica look back at she . monica you really think I look beautiful ? Camille smile at she daughter , nod . monica touch the pearl . int . crenshaw gym - night a r&amp ; B song jam through the speaker , fill the dance floor with high school kid in suit and dress . in the middle of the floor , quincy get he groove on with he date , shawnee . she dance so provocatively , there be no mistake what she have in mind for later . over at the door , monica enter with she college date , jason , 21 , and fine . head turn in surprise . monica feel the stare , shift nervously . jason can I take you coat ? monica you be cold ? monica start to pull it off . jason no , I mean I can check it for you . monica ( embarrassed ) oh , sorry . Jason pull off she coat , revealing a dress that show off everything monica have be hide . he check out she frame , smile . jason you sister be not lie . he cross to the coat check , leave she alone . angle on quincy , who glance over from the middle of the dance floor , and abruptly stop . he stare at monica in shock . quincy oh ... shit . quincy start off the floor as a new song kick in . shawnee q , I like this song ... angle on monica , see quincy approach in he suit . she quickly steady herself on she heel , brushes a curl from she face . quincy see you make it . monica yeah . quincy you do not look half - bad . monica you either . Jason return . quincy look at he , surprised . jason what 's up , Black . I be Jason . quincy q. shawnee suddenly step up , slide she arm around quincy . shawnee dang , girl , I do not know nike make dress . monica look at shawnee , wrap around quincy . she can not believe it . monica guess we will see you later . monica head into the crowd with she college man . quincy watch she go . int . crenshaw high school gym - later monica sit at a table with Jason . his arm lay casually across the back of she chair . monica sit upright , stiff . jason so , you like school ? monica smile nervously , nod . jason ( cont would ) yeah , high school be cool . I do not remember sister be as fine as you , though . monica just hold that nervous smile . jason ( cont would ) so what do you like study ? monica gym . he wait for more , but nothing come . jason I be a English major . you like English ? monica sort of . jason careful . monica huh ? jason that be two word . monica duck she head , embarrassed . Jason laugh . jason ( cont would ) girl , how come you be so stress ? monica sorry . jason I mean , I be have a good time with you ... his arm slide off the back of she chair and onto she shoulder . jason ( cont would ) so tell I what I have to do to make you have a good time with I . monica my mouth be kinda dry . jason then I will get you some punch . he stand , then . jason ( cont would ) just do not jet while I be go and leave a glass slipper behind . monica 's face light up . Jason smile . jason ( cont would ) there we go . he cross away to the refreshment table . monica smile wider , lean back in she chair with she leg splay . she catch herself and quickly cross they . a couple of guy pass by and check she out . monica smile wider . quincy step up , hold two cup of punch . quincy hey . monica hey . quincy you have fun ? monica yeah . quincy yeah , the dj 's kinda whack , though . ( beat ) so who be this clown ? monica he be not Spalding . quincy guess not . monica so you take shawnee , huh ? the dj put on " make it last forever " by keith sweat . couple move to the dance floor . quincy ( embarrassed ) you know , it be late and she ask ... jason you want to dance ? Jason stand behind she chair . monica smile shyly . monica sure . Jason put down she cup of punch , take she hand , lead she to the dance floor . quincy just shake he head , then cross to he table , grab shawnee 's hand . quincy c'mon . he pull shawnee to the middle of the floor . angle on monica , nervous at first , a little awkward , but Jason gently guide she in a slow circle and she start to relax . Jason move he hand down monica 's back , pull she in closer . shawnee snuggle into quincy 's chest , run she hand down he neck . the heat from body grow . monica and quincy glance up at the same time and catch each other 's eye . they start to look away but find they can not . eye lock as they dance , they move together , almost feel each other . finally , as they body turn , they lose sight . monica put she head to Jason 's chest , quincy slide he hand lower down shawnee 's back . the music continue ... int . jason be car - night Jason and monica be park up on mulholland drive . ll cool J 's " I need Love " play on the tape deck . Jason have he arm around monica , ready to make he move . monica ( rattling ) freshman year , my free throw percentage be fifty - one percent , cause I be shoot it like a jump shot . Jason lean in , kiss she bare shoulder . monica ( cont would ) um ... but then sophomore year I be shoot seventy - five percent from the line . Jason kiss she neck . monica ( cont would ) ...uh , by keep my foot set and really follow through . Jason go in for the slam dunk . kiss monica on the lip . it 's the first time she 's really be kiss . Jason pull away , smile . jason that be nice . monica uh-huh . jason you sister tell I hand off , but I can not help myself ... Jason lean in . monica close she eye , and they kiss some more . monica try to follow he practice lip . Jason 's tongue slide in and they body slide down . his hand move across she breast . monica 's eye pop open . monica wait ... jason shh . it 's okay . naive and inexperienced , monica shut she eye tight . dissolve to : E wright house - night Jason 's car pull off , monica slowly move to she front door . she look in the live room window . her mom be asleep in a chair , try to wait up . monica catch she reflection in the window . she glare at she make - up face , then wipe at she mouth with she hand . she step back , walk to she bedroom window . she pull it open , kick off she heel and climb through . int . wright house - monica's room - continuous monica move to she bed and drop down . she sit motionless for a beat , then suddenly feel something beneath she . she reach for it . it be a letter from the usc athletic department . monica stare at it in she hand ... Light suddenly cut through the darkness . monica turn and be surprised to see quincy stand in the middle of he room , pull off he jacket . monica move to she window , pull it open . monica psst . quincy look over . beat . then he climb out of he window , drop down . ext . wright and mccall house - continuous monica early night for you , be not it ? quincy I be about to ask you the same thing , go out with a college boy and all . monica do not respond . quincy ( cont would ) so where would you go after ? monica ( beat ) mulholland drive . quincy figure . monica so what dead - end street do you and shawnee hit ? quincy none of you business . monica well , I be sure she keep she word and leave you satisfied . quincy that what you think ? monica shrug . quincy ( cont would ) Little after you leave , I tell shawnee it be time to go and I drive she ass straight home . and after she tell I I be the dumbest brother in the world , I take off . monica why ? quincy Cause I do not just stick my dick in anything . monica take this in . monica I be sit in Jason 's ride with he kissing on I and feel on I and it be really bugging I cause I could not remember how many offensive board I have in the championship . and then I guess she get tired of I sort of accidentally knee he in the ball . beat , then quincy crack up . monica laugh with he . quincy four . monica what ? quincy you have four offensive rebound . monica stare at he , surprised . she think . monica hold up for a second . monica disappear back inside . beat , then she re-appear . she climb out she window , drop down . quincy look at she . she hold out the envelope from usc . quincy when would you get this ? monica it be on my bed when I come in . ( then ) can you just ...? quincy ( beat ) you sure ? monica nod . quincy take the envelope , sit down on the grass . monica sit down beside he . he tear open the envelope and pull out the letter . monica stare at he as he read , try to see a answer in he face . quincy finally look up . expressionless . quincy ( cont would ) damn girl ... monica 's face fall . and then , a slow smile spread across quincy 's face . quincy ( cont would ) they want you . monica grab the letter , read . her head just drop as a tidal wave of relief wash over she . quincy smile . quincy ( cont would ) congratulation . monica look up , cheese . quincy ( cont would ) I be gonna be there , too . I be announce tomorrow . monica I know it . monica can not contain she excitement . without think , she give quincy a kiss . they pull away , then break into nervous laughter . quincy what be that about ? monica I know , right ? but they both want more . they lean in , kiss deeply . they fall back on the grass . and kiss . and kiss . suddenly , monica pull away , sit up . quincy follow , instantly apologetic . monica stare at he , then to he surprise , she reach over , give he shirt a small tug with she finger . quincy stare at she , then slowly pull off he tie . he nervously unbutton he shirt . he fumble with the last two button . monica slowly pull down the strap of she dress , self - conscious . quincy can not keep he eye off she . he pull off he pants . monica glance down and she eye widen . she look scared to death . quincy smile softly , lean in and gently kiss she . she relax . they lay down . quincy reach into he pants for a condom . his hand shake as he put it on . they stare at each other as he move on top of she . quincy push inside she . she flinch back in pain . quincy immediately stop as tear spring to she eye . quincy ( softly ) you want to stop ? monica shake she head . quincy push inside again . he look down at she with tenderness , move gently , kiss she tear ... fade to black . fade in : footage . 1988-89 NBA final . game seven . the laker against the piston . with second leave , up by three , Magic guard isiah Thomas . they collide , no foul be call and the laker win they second championship . fade in : title card : " third quarter " int . usc - campus gym - morning championship banner hang from the ceiling . twelve young women sit on the first two row of bleacher . the eight upperclassman kick back in the second row , comfortable , confident . monica and the three other freshmen sit in front of they , jiggling nervously . coach miller stand in front of the team . coach miller I do not know some of you very well yet , and you do not know I because I be still be nice to you . laughter from the upperclassman . coach miller ( cont would ) but my philosophy be simple . hard work and sacrifice . there 's a lot of basketball history and pride here at usc , but just put on the cardinal and gold do not make you a great player . hard work and sacrifice make you a great player . what you be do not matter anymore . for the first time in you life , you will not be the best . you will be go up against woman that be bigger and stronger and better than you ever imagine . so the question be , how will you respond ? well , you answer better be hard work and sacrifice because that 's the only way you be gonna make it through . Vince lombardi preach it and I teach it , " there be only one way to succeed at anything and that be to give everything . " coach Miller pause a moment to let she word sink in . monica glance at she fellow freshman for they reaction . like she , a lot of cockiness , a lot of fear . coach miller ( cont would ) a few simple rule . eleven o'clock curfew , no exception . always be on time , no exception . attend every class , no exception . no drug , no alcohol , no get pregnant . and finally , respect yourselves , respect you coaches and respect you teammate , right sidra ? sidra , senior point guard , nod from the second row . sidra that 's right , coach . coach miller by the end of this year some of you will hate I ... the upperclassman crack up . coach miller ( cont would ) some of you will want to go home ... upperclassmen ( cat-call ) cree ! cree , junior forward , duck she head sheepishly . coach Miller smile . coach miller but I guarantee you , if you work hard and sacrifice , all of you will be better basketball player and better people . monica nod , accept the challenge . ext . track - early morning it 's cold , it 's dark . it 's six a.m . the team pound down the track , push through a two -mile run . monica and she freshman teammate / roommate shayla , 18 , breathe heavily from the back of the pack . from the sideline . coach miller let 's go , freshmen , you be get spanke ! monica suck it up , run faster . she reach the middle of the pack , then run out of gas . she drop back to the rear . coach miller ( cont would ) monica , I be put you on my wizard of Oz team . no brain , no courage and no heart ! int . campus gym - morning defensive drill . one by one , player crouch low and move backwards down the sideline . zvette , a junior guard , hustle through the drill . coach miller Way to work , Zvette . monica start the drill . coach miller ( cont would ) get lower , monica , move you foot . monica grimace as she squat lower . coach miller ( cont would ) I say lower ! coach Miller stop she , squat down low beside she . coach miller ( cont would ) this be low , get it ? offense sell ticket , defense win game ! monica start again . int . campus gym - morning the team stand along the baseline . monica stand right below the free throw line . toni , 6'4 " , 200 pound senior , drive the lane . monica step in front of she , and be slam to the floor . she lay still for a moment , stunne by the impact . laughter from the baseline . sidra dag , you take she out , T. teammates sandra and lisa crack up . sandra I think she just say " mommy . " lisa no , she say " mammary . " coach miller monica , you try to tell I you can not take a little challenge ? monica crawl to she foot . monica I can take it . coach miller this time get you foot set . monica move back into position . Toni drive at she again . monica step in front of she , brace herself . Toni slam into she and she hit the floor . monica blink back the pain as she pop back up . coach miller ( cont would ) next ! monica wobble back to the sideline . int . weight room - late day the team be spread out , lift weight . monica lie on a weight bench , she arm shaking as she struggle to bench press fifty - pound . sidra stand behind she , spot . sidra you get it , c'mon , lift ! monica lift it with sidra 's help . sidra ( cont would ) that 's it . monica coach hate I , do not she ? sidra she hate all freshmen . monica scowl , discourage . monica what 's up with that ? sidra hey , do not take it personal . and do not think just cause we play the same position we have to compete with each other . we be teammate , okay ? monica thanks , sidra . sidra besides . I have be start point the last two year . ai not no way some dumb - ass freshman be take my spot . sidra walk off , leave monica with the bar on she chest . finally , she have to drop the weight to the floor . ext . usc campus - late morning monica and quincy walk to class , he arm drape casually across she shoulder . quincy get look and smile . monica just look exhaust . monica you finish the read for e-con ? quincy yeah . monica what would it say ? quincy basically break down how I be gonna make mad loot in the NBA , I be such a limited commodity and all . monica whatever , big head . quincy laugh . two girl pass by , smile . girl # 1 hey , q-man , you gonna take we to the final four ? quincy we will see . girl # 2 we will be watch . the girl continue on . monica look at quincy . quincy what ? monica you do see I stand here , right ? quincy I can not be nice to a fan ? monica Fine , quincy . quincy I can not help girl come up to I . monica I say fine . quincy look at she sulk . he suddenly pull she down onto the nearby lawn , and cradle she . quincy it 's okay , little baby . monica ( struggle ) quit . quincy grip she tighter , rock she . student pass by , laugh . quincy shhh. daddy 's here . monica finally crack up . monica you be such a punk . he give she a kiss . quincy all this girl ... you be the only one I know who 's for real . monica smile , kiss he back . monica always . int . campus gym - morning a heat scrimmage between the woman 's " a " team ( the start five ) and " B " team ( five who want to be start ) . monica run point for the " B " team , play opposite sidra . sidra be all over monica , slip in cheap shot , but monica start to come on . she do a quick cross-over and lose sidra . she dish off to shayla , who score . coach miller sidra ! you feel like play any " D " ? sidra scowl as she run down court . she get a pass in the corner , tire to make a move but monica slap the ball loose . monica grab it , drive to the three - point line , put up the shot . swish ! monica stay pose , with she arm up . sidra take advantage , sprint back down court . she get the long pass , lay it up . coach Miller blow she whistle . coach miller ( cont would ) monica ! get over here . monica jog over , sheepish . coach miller ( cont would ) while you be so busy pose , you man just score ! monica drop she head . coach miller ( cont would ) show I again . monica what ? coach miller you love to pose so much , let 's see it again . beat , then monica hold up she arm like she just shot the ball . snicker from she teammate . coach miller ( cont would ) I want you to stand like that for the rest of practice . monica coach ... coach miller I want you to stand like that until you be sick of it because I do not ever want to see it again , you hear I ? ( then ) dora , take she spot . dora , freshman , jog onto the court . coach Miller blow she whistle and the scrimmage resume . monica stand alone on the sideline , pose , and feel like a asshole . int . locker room - late morning monica sit on the bench in front of she locker , dress after the shower . shayla sit next to she . nearby , Lisa and Sandra apply make - up in the mirror . Zvette pass by , already dress . Lisa turn . lisa Z , I know you be gonna shower first . zvette I do not smell bad . sandra and you wonder why you ass sit alone on the bus . cree glance over from another sink , as she snap the chain on she cross necklace . cree you guy curse too much . sandra since when be " ass " a curse ? maeyen walk past . maeyen whoa , it 's as big as yours . they crack up . cree just shake she head . two teammate pass by monica with they arm raise , mimick she pose . monica shake she head . sidra glance at monica from she spot on the bench . sidra that 's what you get for try to show out , freshman . monica I be just play ball . sidra you be try to make I look bad . monica do not have to try very hard . ear prick up around the locker room . sidra stand . sidra girl , do not you know you be just sloppy second ? monica rise . monica what ? Toni try to step in . toni sidra , let it go . sidra only reason you be here be cause tonya randall get pregnant and decide not to come . they be do recruiting . kelli , senior forward , shake she head . kelli that 's cold , sid . sidra just think the girl should know . monica be stunne . sidra saunter to the shower . shayla nudge she with she shoulder . shayla do not even trip . she 's just mad cause she 's bow-legge . int . usc suite - quincy' room - night monica and quincy lay foot to face on quincy 's twin bed . monica 's hand hold a ice bag on quincy 's hip . quincy 's arm rest across a ice bag on monica 's ankle . quincy forget tonya randall . monica I be tell you , coach wish she be here instead of I . quincy then prove she wrong . monica I do not have it easy like you , alright . there 's no red carpet laid out for I . quincy so you be gonna act salty all night ? quincy 's roommate / teammate reggie , 18 , suddenly pop he head into the room . reggie yo , dog , we be about to order some wing . quincy Nah , thanks . Reggie shrug , close the door . quincy look at monica , still brood . quincy ( cont would ) Fine . do not worry about prove everybody wrong , okay ? you can not handle the pressure , I will understand . monica that be so weak . quincy who care if you be never know as the first girl in the NBA . you will get more play behind quincy mccall 's woman anyway . monica shove quincy 's ice bag down he sweat pants . he leap up . quincy ( cont would ) aaaah ! damn , girl ! monica that 's what you get . he smile as he pull the ice . then look she up and down . quincy so how about a little one - on-one ? monica what be we play for ? quincy clothes . monica what ? quincy lock the door , set up he indoor hoop . quincy I score , you strip . you score , I drop something . monica look at he , then crack up . monica give I the ball . quincy my court , I go first . quincy grip the ball . monica crouch low on defense . quincy drive past she and slam down a vicious dunk . quincy ( cont would ) Strip . monica make a face , then pull off she sweatshirt . quincy skip back . monica drop low again . quincy fake she out and slam down another vicious dunk . he laugh . quincy ( cont would ) where 's the " D " ? monica kiss my booty . quincy plan to . monica glare through she smile , then pull off she T-shirt , leave she in a bra and short . quincy go for another dunk , but this time , monica reach out , grab he dick . quincy drop the ball . monica pick it up and lay it in . quincy ( cont would ) hold up ... monica all 's fair in love and basketball . Strip . quincy pull off he shirt . monica move back into position . quincy drop down low . monica fake , get he to leave he foot . she slip under he and score . she laugh . monica ( cont would ) too bad you get you mama 's height , huh . quincy pull off he sweat , leave he in just drawer . monica take in the view as she move back into position . she hold the ball out , taunting . quincy pretend to reach for it , but grab she breast instead . quincy oh , my bad . she drive . quincy just step out of the way and let she score . monica snatch the ball off the floor . monica yo , where 's the " D " ? quincy right here . monica turn , find quincy butt-nake . he move she against the wall and kiss she . monica drop the ball , wrap she arm around he . she smile . monica I win . quincy I want you to . game over . they hit it . int . espn studio sportscaster dick vitale talk animatedly about the upcoming season . dick vitale it 's the start of the new college season and I be like a kid in a candy store . too many great team to choose from . you have you duke ' , kentuckys ' , Arkansas ' , but my surprise treat this season ... int . basketball court sportscaster robin robert report on the upcoming woman 's season . robin robert ... usc . the woman of Troy make it to the sweet sixteen last year and be return four starter from that squad . and many consider they recruiting class one of the best in the nation . the highlight of that class , ... int . espn studio dick vitale ... be quincy mccall , one of my diaper dandy . he 's a real p.t.p. , a prime - time player . every college in the country want he but he choose to follow in he father 's footstep and become a trojan . he 's gonna have a lot on he shoulder this season ... int . basketball court robin robert ... but coach Cheryl Miller feel that if just one of she freshmen have a breakout year , they can go all the way . it 's a long season , anything can happen , but one thing be for sure ... int . espn studio dick vitale it 's gonna be awesome , baby ! montage : int . sport arena - night a hundred flashbulb pop as quincy jog out to center court . the crowd go crazy as ... int . campus gym - night monica sit on the bench , watch sidra run the floor against unlv , as ... int . sport arena - night quincy drive to the three - point line against Cal and put it up . it drop through the net . he pound he fist against the number twenty - two on he chest , nod to Zeke stand behind the bench , as ... int . campus gym - night coach Miller motion to monica . she jump up , pull off she sweat . she jog past Arizona bench and onto the floor , as ... int . sport arena - night quincy go up for a dunk against North Carolina . he jam it down , grip the rim , and pull he leg up high , as ... int . kaiser arena - night monica catch a long outlet pass . she drop a no-look bounce pass between two Berkeley defender , to a teammate who score . she jog back , as ... int . sport arena - night Zeke grip quincy 's head proudly , affectionately , as they walk off the floor after a game against Washington , as ... int . university of connecticut - gampel pavilion - night sidra crash to the floor , immediately grab at she ankle . monica rise off the bench ... CUT to : int . sport bar - night television hang from every corner , broadcasting various game . Zeke and quincy sit at a bar . quincy be still hype from he game . quincy ...up and under between two defender , with the leave hand . that 's gotta make sportscenter . Zeke just nod as the bartender / owner cross over . he be a ex-ballplayer name terry . quincy ( cont would ) they can not stop I , pop ... terry what be you have , Zeke ? zeke genuine draft . and a orange juice for my kid . terry cross-over 's look good , quincy . I know you old man do not teach you that . zeke do not need a cross-over to post you up . Terry laugh as he move off to fix the drink . something be on Zeke 's mind , but before he can speak on it ... quincy you know , the number I be put up be better than any freshman . some people be say I be a definite lottery pick . Zeke suddenly focus . zeke what people ? quincy you know , people . zeke well , tell they to mind they damn business . you be smart enough to get a degree . quincy I be also good enough to go pro . zeke you know how much higher the play level be in the NBA ? give yourself time to develop , quincy . get a education . the NBA be not go nowhere . quincy you come out early . zeke you mom get pregnant and I have to make choice . you do not have a choice . quincy okay ... silence , then . zeke besides , the sooner you go pro , the sooner you will have to deal with the mess I be deal with . quincy what mess ? zeke there 's this thing out there . this paternity suit . quincy what ? zeke some girl that 's be hang on at every party . now I be suppose to be she baby 's daddy . ( then ) anyway , I tell you mom I want to be the one who tell you . quincy tell I what ? zeke I just tell you . quincy I mean , it 's not true , be it ? Zeke stare at he son . zeke you get the ball to ask I that ? quincy can not hold he father 's look . Zeke shake he head , hurt . quincy sorry . zeke no , you need to hear I say it , I will say it . it 's not true . quincy look in he father 's eye , know he 's tell the truth . quincy so what be you gonna do ? zeke I want this thing to go to court , but my lawyer 's tell I to settle . quincy why ? zeke a case like this could hang around for month and I be up for this player relation job with the " clip . " this get out , false or not , no one will touch I . quincy what 's Mom think ? zeke we have not exactly be live the fairy - tale life the past few year . something like this happen , it either bring a family closer or push they further apart . we will just have to see how it play out . ( then ) I be give she some space , couple day ... just then , a college student approach . college student yo , q-man , great game . quincy thanks . the student hold out a piece of paper , without even a glance to Zeke . college student can I get a autograph ? quincy nod , sign the guy 's paper . Zeke watch he son , the rise star . ext . mccall house - night through the window , we see quincy enter the house . he glance around , then walk to the live room . he see he mom sit outside by the pool , drink in hand , look tear up . he pull open the slide glass door . nona jump , then see quincy . she quickly put she drink down . nona you scared I . quincy sorry . you okay ? nona I be fine . quincy glance at she half -hidden glass . quincy last time I remember you drink be when marvin gaye die . no response from nona . quincy ( cont would ) this about dad ? nona guess he talk to you . quincy do not sweat it , okay . sooner or later the truth will come out . nona ( beat ) whose truth be you talk about ? quincy Mom , we can not let something like this mess up the family . she do not respond . quincy study she . quincy ( cont would ) I mean , you believe he , right ? nona sit silent , humiliate . quincy ( cont would ) Mom ? nona just ... leave it alone . quincy this be just about money , you know that . nona quincy , please ... quincy I mean , how many time have you tell I yourself to watch out for this ho 's ? nona guess I should have be tell you father . quincy so you be gonna take the word of some trick over pop 's ? he would not lie . nona grab a envelope beside she and throw it at he . confused , quincy open it . he pull out a couple of photo : Zeke outside a party . in one photo , he arm be around a young woman . in another photo , they kiss . and yet another , they climb into he car . quincy ( cont would ) what ... what 's this ? nona I hire somebody . how pathetic be that ? after all he late night and " meeting " and I still need proof . quincy just stare at the photo . nona ( cont would ) I use to think I be lucky just to be marry to Zeke mccall , but I be too tired . quincy look stricken , but he move to nona , comfort she as she cry ... ext . track - night monica sit with a devastate quincy , high up in the bleacher . in the distance , the clock - tower glow 10:50 . quincy do not put you hand in you pocket , hold you head up , always look a man in the eye , and all the time I be hang on he every word like he 's God or something ... monica I know he mess up , but that do not change what he 's be to you . quincy what have he be to I ? I mean , he look I in my face and lie like it be nothing . like it be easy . ( then ) and I be stand there get loud on my mom like she 's the one with no sense ... monica she understand . quincy he even have I want to play for the " clipper . " man , how stupid be I . monica you be not stupid . quincy I know a lot of brother dog they wife , I just never think my pop would do some shit like this ... monica put she arm around he . they sit there , quiet . monica glance up at the clock tower . she react . quincy notice . quincy ( cont would ) what ? monica nothing . ( beat ) why do not we walk to my dorm ? quincy I be not up for run into anybody . let 's just kick it here , alright ? monica i...ca not . quincy why not ? monica coach have we on eleven o'clock curfew . if I be late , I do not suit up . quincy look at she , almost in shock . quincy do not realize you be watch the clock . monica I mean , I can stay a few more minute . quincy Nah . do not sweat it . monica quincy ... quincy for real . I should be alone , anyway . monica reluctantly stand . monica will you call I when you get in ? quincy nod . monica give he a kiss . then she turn and cross away . int . monica / shayla's dorm - night the light be off but monica sit up in bed . she wear boxer and one of quincy' practice shirt . shayla lie under she cover across the room . monica I should not have leave . shayla go to sleep . monica you should have see he , shay ... shayla mon , sidra 's out for one game , and you get the start . but you get catch break curfew and coach be gonna send you ass back to the bench . you will see you man tomorrow . shayla 's warning slowly sink in . finally , monica lay down . dissolve to : ext . track - night the clock tower glow 12:30 . quincy still sit in the bleacher . alone . tear fill he eye as he world come crash down ... dissolve to : int . campus gym - late day usc vs. Louisiana tech . the pack crowd be hype . Nathan sit by himself in the stand , excited . monica sit on the bench with four of she teammate . the rest of the team be line up in front of they , include sidra in street clothes . announcer and now the start line - up for you woman of Troy ! at center , a senior , Toni noise ! Toni rise , jog through the line of teammate to the court . announcer ( cont would ) at forward , a senior , Lisa mason ! Lisa stand , skip through the line . announcer ( cont would ) at forward , a junior , Zvette Mitchell ! Zvette jump up , bump into each teammate as she move down the line . announcer ( cont would ) at guard , a freshman , monica wright ! monica take a deep breath , then jog through the line . she get to the middle of the floor and look around with she game face on . announcer ( cont would ) and at guard , a sophomore , Sandra Perez ! Sandra jog out and the rest of the team follow . everyone gather in a tight circle with they arm around each other . toni look y'all , we get all this people here to see big -bad , La tech . we need to let they know that this be we house . so everybody better leave everything out on that floor , you get that ? ready ? one , two , three .... team team ! smash CUT to : int . sport arena - late day a sellout crowd for the men' sc / Temple game . and quincy be have the worst game of he life . he drive down court on a fast break . he ignore he two open teammate and put up a three - pointer . it hit nothing but air . the crowd boo . humiliate , quincy try to steal the ball back and commit a stupid foul . his teammate glare at he as they line up for free throw . int . campus gym - continuous monica 's game . late second half . sc down two . monica drive the lane , draw two defender . she look like she 's about to force up a shot , then suddenly whip up a pass to a wide - open Sandra at the three - point line . nothing but net . sc up one . coach Miller clap intensely on the sideline . coach miller that 's it , that 's it ! ten second leave . game on the line . monica try to lob a pass inside to Toni . the pass be knock away and grab up by the oppose point guard . it be a one - on - one between monica and the guard . the girl drive hard for the win hoop . monica race to the key and slide in front of she . the guard go up and slam into monica . both crash to the floor as the ball drop through the net and the buzzer go off . a whistle . the two woman stare up at the referee from the floor . and then -- referee Offensive foul ! charge ! no basket ! monica leap up as the crowd go crazy . Toni grab up monica in a hug as they teammate celebrate around they . int . sport arena - continuous quincy drag himself to he bench , slump down dejectedly , as the Temple Owls celebrate they win around he . int . locker room - dusk the female player continue to celebrate as they undress . maeyen shoot , you see that crowd ? we need to be play in the Sports Arena . kelli Hell yeah . they give each other a pound . Lisa look at monica , stand in she short and sport bra . lisa oh damn , Mon. monica what ? lisa I think ol ' girl take out you chi-chis with that charge . the woman break into laughter . monica smile . monica kiss my ass . sandra Nah , I think she take that too . monica Sandra , please , last time you chest - bump I , it take you three try . more laughter . monica look over at Toni , sit quietly at the bench . monica ( cont would ) yo , T , why you so quiet ? toni ( beat ) I do not want to go play overseas . dora I think you be hype about go to Portugal next year . toni it 's never gonna be like this . play in front of my family , hang out with my girl . probably not even a McDonald 's . sandra Nah , there 's always a McDonald 's . sidra least you get a offer . my agent 's still look . cree ( to Lisa ) what about you ? lisa ( beat ) maybe it would be worth it if I know some day I could come back here and play . but for right now , it 's law school . coach miller ( o.s. ) monica . monica turn , see coach Miller stand in she office doorway . she motion for she . monica head over . sidra watch . int . coach miller' office - short time later trophies , plaque and photo fill every empty space . coach Miller sit behind she desk . monica stand before she . coach miller you could have give up after you throw that ball away . but you keep you head and you show real heart . monica thanks . coach miller we have get we final game against Oregon and Oregon State and I want to shake thing up a bit , so I be start you at point again . monica ( confuse ) I think sidra 's ankle be okay for next game . coach miller you want the job or not ? realization finally hit . monica yeah . yes . monica look at coach Miller completely throw . coach miller what ? monica it 's just ... it seem like you be always yell at I . coach miller you think I would go hoarse for a player with no potential ? when I ignore you , that 's when you worry . ( then ) go get dress . monica nod , cross out . int . locker room - continuous as monica walk back to she teammate , coach Miller step into the doorway . coach miller sidra . sidra look at monica as she rise , cross over . monica avoid she eye as they pass . sidra enter the office and the door close . shayla yo sis , what 's go on ? beat , then monica smile . smash CUT to : int . apartment - night Black folk pack the cramped houseparty , bump to a phat hip hop joint . monica bounce through the throng . a girl grab she arm . girl voice yo , great game . monica thanks . another party -goer grab she arm . party -goer girl , you can play . monica smile wider . she spot Reggie dance in the crowd , move to he . monica reg. you see quincy ? reggie what 's up , girl . monica ( louder ) derek say q be here . reggie we will roll through . monica be suddenly pull into a dance routine by Sandra and Lisa . she laugh , tire to move away , but they will not let she go . monica give in , groove with they . angle on : quincy walk through the door with a half - empty forty in he hand . Girls immediately try to grab he attention from the dance floor , or stare he down from the sideline . quincy see monica on the dance floor . he stand , watch she . take a drink . monica finally look over , see he . she smile , cross to he . monica hey . quincy what 's up ? monica I have be try to find you all day . quincy here I be . she glance at the forty in he hand . monica sorry about you game . quincy it happen , right ... shayla suddenly grab monica from behind . shayla ( to monica ) what 's up , superstar . ( then , to quincy ) you girl be on tonight . she tell you ? quincy ( beat ) I hear . shayla she also tell you she gank the start spot from sidra ? monica look at he for a reaction . quincy Nah . he downs the last of he forty . quincy ( cont would ) where 's the keg at ? shayla balcony . he head for the glass door . monica and shayla follow . ext . balcony - continuous Reggie approach the group . give quincy a nod . reggie what 's up , dog ? ( to shayla ) hey , flyness . shayla get off the bra strap , Reggie , you be a ho . he laugh , then turn back to quincy . reggie coach be gonna kill we in practice tomorrow . might even pull he lip off you dick , limp as you game be tonight . quincy just look at he . quincy that 's funny . monica lean against quincy , affectionately . monica he 's just play , q ... quincy you think for once we could talk about something besides basketball ? shayla sure . reggie whatever 's clever . silence . Reggie and shayla crack up . quincy shake he head , move to the keg line . monica y'all need to quit . she start for quincy sidra ( o.s. ) monica . monica look over , see sidra stand in the doorway . there be no escape this confrontation . she glance at quincy , then cross over . quincy turn , see she disappear back inside . int . houseparty - continuous monica what 's up ? sidra just want to say good game . monica but ? sidra no but . take a lot of heart to take that charge . monica thanks . sidra but that be a dumb -ass pass to Toni . ten second leave , you run out the clock . monica shake she head . a awkward silence . sidra ( cont would ) I would be lie if I say I be not piss . monica I know . sidra just one word of advice for next season . monica what 's that ? sidra never let a freshman take you spot . sidra turn and walk away . ext . balcony - continuous quincy take one long drink from he cup . kerry , 20 , and spandex , stand directly in front of he , flirtatiously . kerry Excuse I . quincy Excuse I . he step aside as she try to work the keg . nothing come out . she nod at he cup , smile . kerry if that 's the last beer , you and I be share . shayla glance over as quincy pump the keg a couple of time . Kerry hand he she cup and he start fill it up . kerry ( cont would ) I like watch you play . number twenty - two . quincy guess you do not see the game . quincy know he should blow she off , but he 's digging the attention . he hand she back she cup . quincy ( cont would ) what 's you name ? kerry Kerry . quincy q. kerry I know . angle on monica look over at quincy and see he talk to the hoochie . the girl look too damn comfortable . monica move back outside . kerry ( cont would ) I will see you . q-man . she swishes past monica . shayla " accidentally " bump she . Kerry glare . monica who be that ? quincy nobody . monica who 's nobody ? quincy look , this party 's whack . you ready to go ? monica you want to go talk ? quincy not really . he lean in , kiss she drunkenly . she pull away . monica we could finish what we be talk about last night . quincy kiss she again . monica ( cont would ) q ... ( push he off ) quincy , quit . you be drunk . they fall silent . quincy you know what , I be just gonna crash . monica ( agitate ) Fine ... maybe I will come by later . quincy Nah . I have curfew . he start to walk away , then stop . quincy ( cont would ) oh , by the way . congratulation . he go . monica stare after he . int . quincy / reggie' suite - live room - later quincy push through he front door , then stop short in he doorway . Zeke sit on the couch . quincy what be you do here ? zeke you door be unlock . quincy still be , so let yourself out . zeke we need to talk . quincy we be not get nothing to talk about . zeke I mess up , okay , I know that . but I be not that kid 's father . quincy lucky kid . zeke look , I be not say it be right , but sometimes thing happen . quincy and some thing should never fuck happen ! zeke Boy , you be so perfect you can look down on I ? quincy I be not a damn liar . zeke you mom be real quick to show you that picture , be not she ? well , she be nineteen when she get pregnant and do not get I wrong , you be the best thing in my life , but she know I be not ready for no marriage . quincy so now you be say my mother trap you ? zeke I be say I handle my responsibility like a man . but when you be in the NBA , you pull into a city and there 's a hundred woman wait at the hotel . and another twenty that make it past security on you floor . and the boldest one be stand right at you door . and after awhile , it just become part of the game . ( then ) I be sorry I lie to you , I should not have . but I do it cause I love you . Zeke look at he son , meaning every word . quincy stare back , long and hard . quincy since we be be honest , guess I should tell you . I be drop out of school and go pro . zeke what ? quincy just stare back . zeke ( cont would ) quincy , you would be make the biggest mistake of you life . quincy ( sarcastic ) from you mouth . zeke ( desperate ) I know you mad at I , okay , but I can not let you do this . quincy always think " can not " be not in a man 's vocabulary . Zeke be take aback by the hatred in he son 's eye . he turn and without another word , exit . ext . STREET - late night quincy stand across the street from the houseparty , stare up at the balcony . monica lean against the railing , laugh with a couple of teammate . quincy watch she , then turn and walk away ... dissolve to : ext . campus gym - late day slow motion . monica 's eye be on fire as she race a Oregon player for a loose ball . both dive for it , slide across the floor . monica grab it up , scream for a time - out as she opponent try to wrestle away the ball ... ext . quincy / reggie' suite - dusk monica walk down the hall to quincy 's suite . the window be open . the sound of nintendo be hear . she walk in without knock . int . quincy / reggie' suite - live room - continuous Reggie sit on the couch with a teammate , play nintendo 's " duck hunt " . monica hey , y'all . they barely give she a nod . monica cross into int . quincy / reggie' room - continuous quincy stand at a irone board , irone a T-shirt . monica hey . quincy hey , what 's up . monica you be not at my game . quincy yeah , sorry about that . I have this meeting with this guy . quincy pull on the T-shirt . quincy ( cont would ) you win ? monica yeah , I hit a three at the buzzer . quincy the " man " again . monica ( smile ) woman ... a knock at the front door . quincy exit . int . live room - continuous monica follow , then stop short . Kerry , the spandex girl from the party , stand in the doorway . quincy hey , you . kerry hi. quincy give she a hug . monica stare at he in disbelief . Reggie and he teammate smack each other , " oh shit ! " quincy oh , Kerry , this be monica . monica , Kerry . monica what the hell 's go on ? quincy we be go to get some food . monica be you out of you mind ? kerry maybe I should come back ? monica no . you stay , I will leave . she storm out . ext . wright house - driveway - dusk bam ! monica slam she car door . her face be a mask of anger and confusion . Camille exit the house , car key in hand . she see she . camille monica . what be you do here ? monica do not know I need a reason to come home . camille do not be defensive . I be just surprised to see you . monica dad around ? camille he 's still at the bank . monica glower . Camille look at she . camille ( cont would ) everything okay ? monica ( clearly not ) yeah . Camille just nod , do not bother ask again . camille well , I be go to get dinner . she pull open she car door . beat , then ... camille ( cont would ) it 's just a game . monica what ? camille whenever you lose , you get this attitude . but it 's just a game . monica roll she eye , as she mom leave . ext . dorm - night quincy sit on the wall outside of monica 's dorm , as monica slowly make she way up the walk . she see he , stop . quincy can we talk ? monica talk to you new girlfriend . quincy I just take the ho to Burger King , alright . monica cheap date . quincy least she have time for I . monica so you fuck around to prove a point ! quincy I just say I do not fuck around . but you get you head so far up you ass it take a cheap date for you to notice I . monica what , " q-man " , do I forget to kiss you ass like everybody else ? quincy you forget to be there . monica that night you want to talk about you dad I have a curfew . what be I suppose to do ? quincy stay ! monica if I stay , I would not be start ! quincy least you get you priority straight . monica I never ask you to choose . quincy never have to . monica I be a ballplayer . if anyone know what that mean it should be you . quincy well , if all you care about be basketball , why you fuck I ? go fuck Dick vitale . monica punch the shit out of quincy , then push past he . quincy grab she arm , stop she . quincy ( cont would ) hold up . I be sorry , alright . they stand , silent . try to come down from they anger . monica how do I know next time you be feel neglect or whatever , you be not go to run around on I ? if we be go to be together I have to be able to trust you . quincy I be not ask for we to be together . monica flinch in shock . monica what ? quincy I be go through a lot of shit right now , more than you have time for . monica how be you go to tell I what I have time for ? I mean , whatever I do ... we can fix this . quincy I do not think so . monica you do not think so ? quincy look , I be enter the draft . monica you be what ? quincy I decide to go pro . and who know where I will end up , you know ? monica 's heart be sink fast . monica when do you decide all this ? quincy few day ago . monica so that 's it , just forget about we ? quincy damnitt , monica . this be not about we anymore , it 's about I . monica be crush . beat as , quincy struggle to stay cold . quincy ( cont would ) but , you know , I would still like we to be friend . monica Friends . she fight back tear . quincy have to look away . monica can not respond . quincy so ... I guess I will see you around . monica uh huh . beat , then quincy turn and walk away . monica try to fight she tear but she pain , hurt and confusion be too much . finally , she give in , and the tear fall . fade to black . footage . Press conference . Magic sit beside he wife Cookie . he shock the world as he announce he retirement from basketball . fade in : title card : " FOURTH quarter " then " 1993 " establishing shot of spain Madrid , pampolona , the run of the bull , old - world architecture . finally , we rest on a large billboard , a photo of monica in a basketball uniform , drink a Spanish soft-drink . ext . street of spain - late day monica jog down the congest cobble - stone street , a sport bag over she shoulder . she be twenty-three . half -ass braid frame she mature feature . she pass store front , street vendor , and dodge pedestrian , as she make she way toward a large , older arena . ext . arena - continuous a excited crowd jockey for position at the front door . above they , a huge banner read " campeonato de europeo " . ( european championship " . ) as monica head for the back entrance , a cheer go up from a large contingent in the crowd . monica smile , wave back . two little girl break from line , run to she . little girl baloncesto ! balencesto ! ( basketball ! basketball ! ) monica oye . they giggle , hold out a piece of paper and a pencil . little girl autografo . as monica sign she autograph , a tall woman carry a match sport bag approach . she be luisa , Spanish , 33 . luisa ( thick Spanish accent ) monica . what be up ? monica oye , luisa . monica hand the girl she autograph and they run off . luisa large game , no ? monica si. large game . they duck into the arena . int . arena - locker room - late day paint peel off the wall . window be break overhead . monica sit alone at she locker , taping she own ankle . her ten teammate , all from Spain , sit on the surround bench , talk and joke among themselves in Spanish . monica be clearly a outsider . coach parra , Spanish , late 40' , enter . coach parra silenco ! the woman immediately stop talk . coach parra give a animated , impassion speech in Spanish . monica do not understand a word , just continue taping she ankle . coach Parra finish and the woman clap , pump up . monica turn to luisa , seat next to she on the bench . monica what do he say ? luisa he say to give the ball to you . int . arena - night the arena be packed with a raucous european crowd , chant and wave sign - the love they woman 's basketball . monica walk onto the floor , tucking she jersey into she short . the uniform be old - style - polyester and tight . her club 's name be stitched on the front , " godella " . as she hit center court , a smile suddenly break through she game face . stand opposite she , play for the oppose italian club be sidra , her rival from usc . sidra well , what do you know . monica what 's up , sidra . sidra I be gonna love win this championship in you house . monica how do you say " you be dream " in italian ? they move into position . the ball be toss up . Italy wind the tip and the ball be pass to sidra . monica hound she as she bring up the ball . sidra shove she off and to the floor , and score . no whistle . woman 's pro ball be at a whole other level . bigger , better , tougher . the ball be pass in to monica . she drive down court , go up for a lay up . a italian player shove monica in mid-air , take out she leg . monica crash on the hardwood . a whistle . monica lay still for a moment , then push herself up and walk to the free-throw line without a word . without emotion . int . spain - nightclub - late night a huge crowd dance fervently to the live Spanish music . in the middle of the floor , the Spanish player be the life of the party . in a corner , monica sit with sidra , drink and watch the festivity . a large trophy sit on the table . sidra can you take that damn thing off the table . monica you mean my championship trophy ? my bad . monica set it down in the seat next to she , put a arm around it . sidra shake she head . sidra still a cocky bitch . monica laugh . she downs she drink , motion to the waiter . monica Uno mas , por favor . the waiter nod . monica ( cont would ) last I hear , you be play in Sweden . sidra yeah , four year ago . they have I stay in this tiny - ass town with like fifty people . I be not play , there be about a thousand goat run around , and it get dark at four o'clock . then the whack club I be on lose three game in a row and I get blame . so they fire I . monica just like that ? sidra yup . so I have be play with this italian club the last three year . monica how 's that be ? sidra it 's better . even though the whole first season my teammate do not pass to I cause they be mad " the american " be make more money . ( smile ) I lead the team in rebound cause it be the only way I could touch the damn ball . monica laugh as the waiter bring she drink . she try to pay , but he just shake he head , cross away . sidra ( cont would ) most of we do not win championship we first year overseas . monica please , I go through the same drama as everybody else . I mean , the first four month , only person I could talk to be this chick luisa , who know like ten word of English from watch old " dif'rent stroke " rerun . swear to God , I have to tell she if she say , " what you talk bout , Willis ? " one more time , I be gonna kick she ass . sidra laugh . they watch the madness out on the dance floor . sidra so what be this Spanish guy like ? monica I would not know . sidra what ? you have be over here seven month and you be not tapped anything ? monica just not my type , I guess . sidra shoot , italian boy love they some black woman . they can not get enough of I . monica smile . monica you ever think about go back ? sidra sometimes . but what 's the alternative , not play ? you remember big Toni ? ( off monica 's nod ) she quit last year , now she 's work at some bookstore . I mean , look at we . they treat we like we be Hollywood star over here . we just play in the championship game . it do not get much sweeter than this . monica take this in . her eye do not reflect someone on top of the world . she take a long drink . int . spain - monica's apartment - late night a small , sparse , one - bedroom . Sam , Diane and the rest of the gang from " cheer " fill the small tv screen that flicker in the darkness . they dialogue be dub in Spanish . monica sit on the floor , braid she hair . she wear boxer and quincy' old practice shirt . after five year , it be well -worn . feeling of loneliness threaten to swallow she whole . she look out she window and see she billboard , loom in the distance . she just stare . int . los angele forum - night the crowd erupt as a laker player dunk the ball on a fast break . angle on laker announcer chick hearn and stu lantz . chick hearn stu , this game be in the refrigerator . the door be close , the light be out , the butter 's hard and the jell - oooooo 's jigglin ' . stu lantz and here come the sub . angle on quincy pull off he sweat and jog onto the court with the rest of the sub . he be twenty - three , a man . his goatee and tired eye make he look older . he now wear number twenty - one . stu lantz ( cont would ) ( v.o. ) it 's good to see this guy get a little play time . and the fan love it . quincy immediately get a pass in the corner . he put up a quick three and it bank hard off the rim . angle on chick and stu. chick hearn Three -pointer be off for the kid from sc . come out after he freshman year , now in he fifth year with the league . stu lantz the son of Zeke mccall , play twelve year with the clipper . chick hearn ( nod ) pretty good player . the kid 's move around quite a bit , but he 's hope to finally have a home with the laker . angle on quincy steal the ball , have nothing but open court ahead of he . chick hearn ( cont would ) ( v.o. ) watch out , folk , it 's showtime . quincy take off from the hash - mark and throw down a monster jam . he swing high off the rim . too high . his hand slip and he crash to the floor . his knee twist at a sicken angle . the dwindling crowd gasp as quincy clutches he leave knee , writhe in pain . int . daniel FREEMAN hospital - hallway - late night Zeke walk down the corridor , check room number . he be forty - five now . his slight paunch as become a roll . he see nona exite a room , with a empty water pitcher in hand . her hair be in lock . zeke nona . nona look over . her eye narrow . zeke ( cont would ) how 's he do ? nona not great . zeke what 's that , not great ? nona the doctor will be back in a minute . zeke nona , please . nona he tore he acl . Zeke 's shoulder slump . then he look back at she . zeke almost do not recognize you with you hair like that . how you be ? nona happy . and he will not want to see you . nona walk over to a man stand nearby . he put a arm around she and they move down the hall . Zeke watch for a beat , then pull open quincy 's door , step inside . int . quincy' hospital room - continuous quincy lay in the bed . his knee be bandage and propped up by pillow . he stare out the window . zeke hey , son . quincy turn , see he father . he turn back to the window . zeke ( cont would ) well , you make sportscenter . quincy what do you want ? zeke come by to check on you . quincy after five year . zeke do not remember that be my fault . seem like you divorced I same time as you mom . quincy look , I be busy . zeke I can see that . I know thing look pretty bleak right now , but you can not get down on yourself . quincy I stop take you advice a long time ago , or do you forget ? zeke no. quincy good . zeke quincy . I know you leave school early to throw you middle finger up at I . quincy and now I be pay for it , right ? that what this be about ? " I tell you so ? " zeke you want I to fuck off ? quincy yeah . zeke Fine , I will fuck off , but not till I say something . silence . then . zeke ( cont would ) you be a better ballplayer than I ever be . but you get a lot of other thing go for you . you be smart . I always feel ... I always know that you could do anything you want . you want to be a ballplayer , be a ballplayer . just know you be not like everybody else on that court . you be not like I be . you get option . that 's all I ever try to show you . quincy you be still try to tell I what I should and should not do . how come you could not be the man you keep try to make I ? Zeke stare at he son , wishing he could satisfy he with a answer . zeke I just could not with nothing leave to say , Zeke pull open the door and leave . quincy stare at the door long after it close . dissolve to : int . quincy' hospital room - day a nurse enter , carry a bouquet of flower . she move past the empty bed , put they on a table already overflow with flower . she pull open the blind and light flood the room . she cross back out . a toilet flush . beat , then quincy slowly hop out of the bathroom , scratch he bare ass through the open of he gown . voice ( o.s. ) and I think this be gonna be awkward . quincy whip around and be shocked to see monica stand there , laugh . she have clearly make a effort with she appearance . quincy monica ? he stumble . monica quickly go to he , catch he arm before he fall . monica I be sorry . quincy stare at she , completely throw . it 's be five year . a awkward beat . monica ( cont would ) so , how you do ? quincy alright . I hear you be in Spain . monica I be . ( smile ) I see you peach fuzz finally grow in . quincy rub he goatee self - consciously . quincy just something I be try . monica no , it look good . I mean , it 's cool . quincy thanks . quincy try to adjust he foot and flinch in pain . monica should not you be lie down , or ... quincy I be alright . but you can sit . monica I be fine . my dad say you tore you acl . quincy yup . monica what be the doctor say ? quincy ( shrug ) a lot of thing . all I know be I will be back in six month . monica I think a tear acl be ten to twelve . quincy not for quincy mccall . monica I forget , " q-man . " a awkward beat . quincy so , how 's pro-ball , Europe ? monica we win the championship . quincy still work on be the first girl in the NBA ? monica well , I try sneaking in after college , but they find breast during my physical . quincy funny . I never do . monica kiss my ass . monica crack up . quincy laugh with she . monica ( cont would ) I can not believe it 's be five year . quincy nod . quincy try call you a couple time . monica oh yeah ? quincy want to give you prop on make first team all - american . and then when Magic retire , I try call you again . monica ( lie ) must have be my cheap - ass answer machine . it be always mess up . quincy figure it be something like that . they look at each other . the moment be building . quincy ( cont would ) so , when do you go back ? monica actually , I do not ... quincy what do you mean ? monica I be tired of play overseas . think about give it a rest for awhile . quincy ( completely throw ) a rest ? monica yeah . basketball just , be not fun anymore . you know ? quincy no. he stare at she . into she . female voice ( o.s. ) quincy ! quincy and monica turn , as kyra kessler , black , 26 and beautiful , rush into the room . she wear a flight attendant 's uniform . she go to quincy , give he a kiss . monica react . kyra I be so sorry . no one would switch flight with I . quincy it 's okay . kyra why be you up ? get in bed . she take quincy 's arm , move he to the bed . monica watch . kyra ( cont would ) tell I you be go to be okay . quincy I be gonna be okay . kyra relax . then she glance over at monica . kyra hello . quincy kyra , this be monica . she , uh ... kyra ( recognize ) monica . you grow up together , right ? quincy 's tell I about you . monica smile awkwardly . quincy this be kyra . my fiance . the shock hit too quick to cover . but monica try . monica fiance . wow. congratulation . kyra thank you . monica I do not know . wow . that 's great . ( then ) well ... I should go . quincy it mean a lot that you come by . kyra yes , we appreciate that . monica yeah , and quincy , good luck with you knee , and everything . quincy thanks . monica force one last smile , pull open the door and leave . int . hallway - moment later monica walk down the hall , shell - shocked . int . wright house - kitchen - late day Camille move between the counter and the stove , whipping up a couple pecan pie . monica enter . monica hey . camille hi. monica need any help ? camille I can manage . monica nod and move to the barstool . camille ( cont would ) you sister 's bring the baby over . you should try to be here . monica yeah . can not wait to see he ( she fall silent , then ) I just see quincy . camille how be he ? monica engage . camille to that stewardess ? monica yeah , you meet she ? camille his mother have a cookout a few week ago . he could do a lot better if you ask I . monica maybe she be . Camille look up , study monica for a moment . camille I think you be over he . monica shrug . monica so what do I do ? camille find out where they be register and send they a gift . monica ( disgust ) whatever . camille you do not want my opinion in the first place , so why even ask ? monica I ask but why do it always have to be so damn prissy . camille do not curse . monica there you go . camille what do you want I to tell you , monica , to go beat that girl up ? to go have sex with he ? I be not go to do that . yes , I believe think of other people be important and yes I would rather bake a pie than shoot a dumb jump shot . if that make I too " prissy " for you , too bad . monica stare at she mother . there 's no go back . monica so that 's why we can not get along ? because I would rather shoot a " dumb " jump shot ? camille you be the one always turn you nose up at I . monica no I do not . camille child , please . ever since you be little you think you be too good for anything I have to say . monica I be not lena . I do not care about nail polish or lip gloss or sneaking a spray of you perfume . camille what be so wrong with want to teach you the thing I know could help you ? monica because you be push I to be something I be not . camille so you be angry with I because you be stand here with you hair comb and wear perfume ? monica be bust . it take she a moment to come back . monica I be angry because I want a mother , not martha Stewart . camille oh , yes . the superstar female athlete whose mother be nothing but a housewife . monica that 's not it . camille do not tell I you be not ashamed of that because I know . monica stare at she mother . monica I remember when I be eight year old , you spend like four hour cooking up this fancy meal . all you would let I and lena do be set the table . and I guess you and dad get you wire cross or something because he walk in with a couple of pizza . and you do not say anything . you just throw the whole meal into some tupper - ware and toss it in the fridge . camille I do not remember that . monica I do . you never stand up for yourself . ever . if I be ashamed , it be because of that . camille that 's ridiculous . monica what 's ridiculous be not be a caterer so you husband can feel like a man know he woman 's home cooking and irone he drawer . whap ! Camille 's humiliation be immediate and she cut off monica with a slap . Camille curse herself for lose it . camille dammitt , monica ! monica be stunne , hurt . monica I be sorry . Camille stare at she daughter , devastate . camille be that really all you think of I ? monica can not answer . camille ( cont would ) when I marry you father , all I want be a nice house with a big kitchen so I could start my catering business . and then I get pregnant with lena , and then I get pregnant with you . and I put it out of my mind because that 's what you do . monica stare at she mother . camille ( cont would ) but you want to know what day I remember ? in high school , you get ready for the spring dance . I put my pearl around you neck , tell you you be beautiful and you look like you be go to cry . that day I be happy I do not have a catering business to run off to . my family have three meal a day , have someone to pick up after they , and when my daughter go to a dance , I help they get ready . that 's what I come to care about . monica ( softly ) that 's all you care about . I must have play in a thousand game and I can only remember you be to two . camille you have you coaches and you father for that stuff . it never matter one way or the other if I go to you game . monica it matter , Mom . Camille look at she daughter and be strike by the need in she eye . monica move off the barstool and leave . int . wright house - monica's room - day the room look exactly the same . trophies , medal , plaque . basketball poster and she " strong woman " wall . monica sit on she bed , stare up at a photo of she and quincy , tack up to she bulletin board , amid other photo of she childhood . they be eighteen , playfully wrestling over a basketball . monica slowly rise , start take she poster down . int . rehab CENTER - day quincy sit on a leg extension machine , with he leave leg tuck under the padded bar . a trainer stand behind he . sweat and pain coat quincy 's face and scar knee as he slowly lift the light weight again , and again , and again . int . bank - day a long line of customer shift impatiently during the noon - time rush . monica sit with a bank manager at the " New account " desk , learn the rope . her hair be do , she wear a simple dress . behind she , hang on the wall , be three frame photo of the bank president . one of they be her father , nathan . int . wright house - monica's room - night monica stand in she room , stare out at quincy 's window . she watch as quincy and kyra pack up some of quincy 's stuff . quincy try to take he basketball globe light . she laugh , " Hell no . " int . wright house - monica's room - day Camille enter , move to monica 's garbage can , dump the content into she larger bag . suddenly , she stop . she reach into the garbage and pull out a crumpled picture . Camille smooth it . it be the photo of monica and quincy at eighteen , wrestle over a basketball . camille stare at it , taken in by the pure joy in her daughter's face . she sit down on monica 's bed , still stare . int . forum - day in the empty gym , quincy jog up and down the court . he be still tentative on he knee , but he keep jogging . and then , slowly , the determination melt from he face . his jog turn into a walk , and then he just ... stop . int . mccall house - quincy' room - night quincy stand in the middle of he room , take in he life . Old , wear basketball poster still line the wall . trophies and award . usc memorabilia . his basketball globe light . he walk to he window , look out at monica 's window . her room be dark . dissolve to : int . quincy' apartment - bathroom - morning quincy tilt he face up to the shower head and rinse the soap from he face . he hear the bathroom door open . he shut off the water and open the curtain . kyra sit on the toilet , take a pee . quincy slam the curtain close . quincy damn , girl . kyra what ? quincy I do not wanna see that . kyra get use to it , babe . she flush . quincy step out , grab a towel . a long scar run across he knee cap . quincy brother 's gonna have to start lock door . kyra laugh as she button up she flight attendant 's uniform . they cross into : int . quincy' apartment - bedroom - continuous kyra pack up a suitcase . quincy so how long be this trip ? kyra four day . quincy nod . kyra ( cont would ) so be you go to be the kind of husband who will not let he wife work ? quincy Nah . kyra ( playfully ) why not ? quincy you might be the only one with a job . kyra baby , do not talk like that . you rehab 's go well . you will be back before you know it . quincy sometimes I wonder if it 's worth it . bust my ass , for what ? kyra to do what you love . quincy I do not know sometimes . kyra you be just scared . I know rehab be hard , and you have to worry about whether you will be as good as you be but you will be . I believe in you . you just have to get back on the court . like you would get back on a horse . quincy ( beat ) a horse ? kyra do not make fun of I when I be be wonderful and supportive . ( then ) you belong on the court . just like I belong in the stand , look cute and cheer you on . she smile , give he a kiss , move back to she pack . off quincy : int . bank - day monica sit at she desk in a blouse and skirt , punch number into the computer . a man sit down in the chair opposite she . monica glance up . it 's she father . nathan hey , munchkin . monica dad . what be you do here ? nathan I be upstairs for a meeting . I have be hearing good thing about you . monica that tend to happen when you be the boss 's daughter . nathan so how 's the job go ? monica force a smile . monica you know . Nathan look at she , nod . nathan I think I know what the problem be . he pull a garbage can hoop from a plastic shopping bag . monica smile . he attaches it to she garbage can . nathan ( cont would ) there . he shoot a ugly , imaginary shot . she laugh . monica you shoot like a girl . nathan I will take that as a compliment . he give she a smile , and exit . monica look at the hoop , then crumple a piece of paper . monica ( whisper ) and she get the steal . monica go one - on - one against Jordan , she stop , pop ... monica shoot . the paper drop through the net . monica ( cont would ) ( still whisper ) it 's good ! it 's good ! she glance up , notice a few patron watch she . monica quickly compose herself and go back to she work . ext . wright and mccall house - dusk monica exit she car , after a long day at work . she wear very low heel . but she still stumble . she curse , then hear a laugh . she look up - quincy sit on the grassy hill above she house . quincy I remember when you mom have to beat you into a dress . monica smile . monica you visit ? quincy ( nod ) kyra 's go for a couple day . figure I would keep Mom company . monica who 's this guy I always see she around ? quincy darryl . he 's alright , kinda corny . monica so ...how 's the knee ? quincy get there . monica strong enough to get you down the aisle ? quincy yeah . two week . ( then ) I do not get to send you a invitation , but if you ... monica that 's okay . I be probably , you know , busy . quincy nod . awkward beat . quincy can I ask you something ? monica look at he . quincy ( cont would ) you never tell I why ball be not fun anymore . monica it just be not . quincy because I be kinda feel that way , too . monica you have a rough couple year , that 's all . quincy that a nice way of say I ride the bench ? monica and you tore up you knee . rehab be tough . quincy Nah . I have not dribble a ball in four and a half month . maybe I miss some of the attention , but besides that ... monica you be serious . quincy seem like I need a ball when I be try to be like my pop ... or try to be better than he . now , I kinda think I need to try something else . monica like what ? quincy maybe go back to school . monica wow . monica stare at he , see a man in the boy she grow up with . quincy look away , self - conscious . quincy I mean , kyra have not hear the school thing yet . ( then ) she will probably say it 's the painkiller talk . monica it 's a trip , you know ? when you be a kid , you see the life you want , and it never cross you mind that it 's not gonna turn out that way . quincy so why would you give up ball ? monica why do you keep ask I that ? quincy Cause I do not get it . monica something be just miss . quincy what ? monica be too hurt , too scared to tell he the truth . monica it do not matter , alright . just leave it alone . quincy find . monica turn , cross to she house . she stumble on she heel , kick they off in frustration , and exit inside . quincy walk back to he curb . angle on Camille watch from the kitchen window dissolve to : ext . wright house - patio - dusk lena sit next to Camille . her one year old son , l.p. , sit on the ground at she foot . monica sit quietly nearby , watch . camille so you be still breast- feed ? lena the doctor say it be okay . anyway , I be still try to lose some of this baby fat . she quickly look over at monica . lena ( cont would ) shut up . monica give she a small smile . Camille look down at l.p. camille you might want to put a jacket on he , it 's get cold . lena he 's fine . camille ( warning ) okay . lena sigh , roll she eye . she pick up she son . lena come on , l.p. grandma say it 's too cold . she exit inside . Camille make a face . camille god. " grandma . " monica smile . and then silence . there be still so much distance between they , so many misunderstanding . Camille stare at she daughter . and then ... camille ( cont would ) you know , I would probably be a lot more " prissy " in the situation than you would like , but the thing I always admire that drive I crazy , be the fight you have in you . monica what be you talk about ? camille when I say quincy could do better , I be think about you . monica stare at she mom . Camille stand and leave . int . wright house - monica's room - night monica lie in she bed , stare up at the ceiling , unable to sleep . her mind race with thought of she past , she choice , she future ... suddenly , she climb out of bed . she wear a tank - top and pajama bottom . she cross to she window , pull it open and climb out . ext . wright and mccall house - continuous monica drop down . she move to quincy 's window and knock quietly . beat , then quincy appear . bare - chest and in a pair of short . he look at she , then pull open the window . quincy ( half -asleep ) what 's go on ? monica we need to talk . quincy just look at she . monica ( cont would ) please . quincy hold on . quincy disappear for a moment , then return , pull on a T - shirt . he climb out of he window , drop to the ground . quincy look at she . monica you ask I what be miss . quincy what ? monica from basketball . quincy you wake I up to tell I that ? monica it 's not fun for I anymore because you be miss . quincy stare at she . monica ( cont would ) what I be try to say be -- quincy I hear enough . monica what I be try to say be , I have love you since I be eleven and the shit will not go away . quincy we have not talk since college and now you wait two week before my wedding to say something like this ? monica I know , I probably should have say it two week ago . quincy do not even crack a smile . in fact , he glare . quincy you have not change . you still think the sun rise and set on you ass . well , guess what , it do not . monica then why be you so upset ? quincy because you do not pull this on someone who 's about to get marry . monica better late than never , right ? quincy wrong . quincy start back toward the window . monica I will play you . quincy what ? monica one game . one-on-one . quincy for what ? monica you heart . quincy look at she in disbelief , then laugh at the absurdity . quincy you be out of you mind . monica so you be gonna bitch up ? quincy what 's that suppose to be , psychology ? monica I know why you break up with I in college . and not that what you do be not mess up , but what I do be , too . so if you forgive I , I will forgive you . quincy monica , after that stuff with my dad , I could not trust anybody , okay . I mean , I be lose . so you be forgiven . but that be five year ago . I move on . monica move past he , reach through he window . she drop back down , hold he basketball . monica prove it . she throw he the ball . quincy what will this prove ? monica you once say the reason I beat you be because you want I to . quincy so ? monica so , if I win it 's because deep down you know you be about to make the biggest mistake of you life , and deep down you want I to stop you . quincy and what happen when you lose ? monica if I lose , I will buy you a wedding present . quincy stare at she . ext . mccall house - driveway - short time later monica stand opposite quincy . both be suite up in basketball gear . they stare at each other , ready to go to war . monica toss he the ball . monica check . quincy toss the ball back . monica drive . quincy 's knee be maybe at sixty percent and he can not keep up . she score easily . she walk to the top of the driveway , toss he the ball . monica ( cont would ) one , zip . check . quincy rub he scar knee , then pass it back . the game continue . monica own the first five point easily by exploit quincy 's injury . monica drive for another lay-up . quincy suddenly let go of he fear , leap and swat she shot . he grab the rebound and lay it up . he nod intensely , as he grab the ball and walk back to the top of the key . quincy one , five . check . the game continue and now quincy have the upper-hand , use he size and strength . he score seven straight point . the score stay close . it be a sexually - charge battle of will -- quincy pull off he sweat - soak shirt . they body collide as they wrestle for the ball . monica yank off she jersey in frustration . her ass bump into he hip as she back he in . her hand slide across he chest as she guard he ... finally , the score hit nine , nine . monica slowly walk to the top of the key . monica nine , up . Point . she toss quincy the ball . monica ( cont would ) check . quincy toss the ball back , drop low on defense . monica fake a outside shot and quincy bite . monica drive around he . she have a wide - OPEN lay - up . she put it up.. and it roll off the rim . monica can not believe it . quincy grab the loose ball and clear it . he stare at monica as he dribble in front of she . she stare back . he break for the basket . monica stay with he . he go up . monica jump , desperately try to block he shot . quincy dunk on she , knock she to the ground . he let go of the rim , and tumble to the ground also . game over . silence . quincy stare at she . monica look back . then : quincy ( point ) all 's fair in love and basketball , right ? monica struggle to fight back she tear as she pick herself up . she slowly walk back toward she house . and then : quincy ( cont would ) hey . monica slowly stop , turn . quincy ( cont would ) double or nothing . monica stare at he , wonder if she hear right . quincy limp to he foot , pick up the ball and hold it out to she . monica slowly walk back to he . they stare at each other . no more ego , no more bullshit . just love . in the moonlight , on the blacktop , they kiss ... fade to black . fade in : int . los angele forum - night Music be blast , banner be wave , crowd be scream . Magic Johnson sit in a floor seat , watch the game . a reporter interview he . sport reporter so , Magic , be you contemplate another comeback ? magic ( laugh ) no more comeback . tonight I be just enjoy be a spectator . behind he , in a second row seat , a one year black girl sit in a lap , bounce , watch foot and leg ballin ' on the court . quincy lean down , give the little girl a kiss , then look out at the court . it 's the Los Angeles spark and the New York Liberty . the WNBA . on the court , the woman line up for a free-throw . quincy let 's go , mccall ! monica , sport a uniform with wright - mccall on the back and the number thirty - two , look over . quincy take they daughter 's hand and wave it . quincy ( cont would ) go mommy . monica smile back , then step to the line . the referee toss she the ball . monica stare at the basket , then bounce the ball twice , lick she lip and shoot . fade to black . " that's game " end credit