love I by pia cook fade in : int . apartment - live room - night lenny , a shy nervous man stand by the window . he peer out at the street below . search for something . through window nadya , a beautiful woman approach the apartment building in a hurry . upset , she keep she head low . back to scene lenny see nadya . he gasp . excite . lenny there you be my gorgeous . through window nadya enter the apartment building . back to scene lenny rush into the -- foyer -- where he peer through the peephole in the front door . through peephole teary eye , nadya walk up to the door next to lenny 's . back to scene lenny 's glue to the peephole . at the sound of nadya 's door close , he hurry into the -- kitchen lenny take a calender off the wall . behind it be a peephole . Wide eye , he peek through it . through peephole nadya enter the kitchen . she have a cell phone to she ear . nadya please , Mike . do not do this to I . we can make it work ... please ... do not hang up . nadya sag to the floor , cry . back to scene lenny watch nadya . lenny let he go . he 's not the right one . I be the one for you ... please do not cry . through peephole nadya manage to get up on shaky leg . she stagger out of the kitchen . back to scene lenny peel away from the peephole . he hurry into the -- bedroom the bedroom be dark . the only light come through the window . the wall be cover in picture , but it 's too dark to make out what they be of . lenny remove a picture on the wall . behind it be a peephole . he peer through it . lenny what be you do princess ? do not be upset . I be right here . through peephole nadya pull the drawer out of the night stand . pick up a prescription bottle . back to scene lenny stare wide eye through the peephole . lenny what be that ? no. no . what be you do . he dash off into the -- bathroom -- where he remove a towel from a towel rack . another peephole be behind it . lenny peek through the tiny hole . through peephole nadya appear in she bathroom . she have she phone , the pill bottle and a bottle of wine . she put the bottle on the edge of the tub . turn the water on . she sit down on top of the toilet , dial a number . she sob as she wait . nadya please answer the phone , Mike . I love you ... you love I , you know that . if you do not answer , I can not go on ... 1I 'il end it right here . now . she hang up the phone . back to scene lenny 's face be press to the wall . lenny princess , do not talk like that . do not do anything stupid . I be right here . i’1l do anything for you . lenny press he face even harder against the wall . gasp then quiver . through peephole nadya take she clothes off . slip into the tub . she grab the pill bottle , empty out the content in she hand . she put al the pill in she mouth , wash they down with wine straight from the bottle . nadya lay she head back . close she eye . back to scene lenny 's horrify . he bang he fist on the wall . lenny no ! he push away from the wall . pace back and forth then peer through the hole again . through peephole nadya take another mouthful of wine . she 's groggy . her eyelid heavy . back to scene lenny run out of the bathroom . he return in a few second . he have he cell phone in he hand . lenny pace for a moment then stop . he dial 9 ...1 ... he hesitates . pushes '' end call '' . lenny they have ask how I know . he hurry back to the peephole . peer through it . lenny no ! nadya ! wake up ! through peephole nadya lie lifeless in the tub . the wine bottle drop on the floor . back to scene lenny stagger back from the wall in horror . suddenly he rush out of the bathroom into the -- foyer lenny yank the door open . dart outside . later lenny carry nadya 's wet body wrap in a towel . he walk into the -- bedroom -- where he gently put she body down on the bed . cover she with the towel . he carefully move she wet hair away from she face . kiss she forehead . still dress , lenny lie down on the bed next to nadya . he take she hand in he . lenny I love you from the first time I see you . I think about that moment every day . he squeeze she hand . lenny you be go into you apartment . I be leave mine . you drop you mail and I pick it up and hand it to you . you hand touch mine and you look I in the eye and smile . he turn towards she . Studies she face . lenny no girl have ever do that to I before . they lie in the dark together . int . apartment —- bedroom - day the early morning sun bring light into the room . lenny and nadya be in the bed . lenny sleep . nadya still dead . pull back to reveal all the picture on the wall be of nadya take by a obsessed individual . fade out :