Love actually by Richard curtis edited by Emma Freud final June June 19th , 2002 love actually int . heathrow arrival gate . day . 1 a voiceover in darkness ... pm ( v.o. ) '' whenever I get gloomy with the state of the world , I think about the arrival Gate at heathrow Airport .. and we start to see this — as ' stylish but real 's documentary as possible , the most miscellaneous of group and couple at the arrival gate , all kissing , all full of affection and emotion ... General opinion 's start to make out that we live in a world of hatred and greed — but I do not see that - seem to I that love be everywhere . often it 's not particularly dignify , or newsworthy — but it 's always there — father & son , mother & daughter , husband & wife , friend & stranger . when the plane hit the twin tower , as far as I know , none of the phone call from the people about to die be message of hate and revenge - they be all message of love . if you look for it , I have get a nasty suspicion you 'il find that love actually be all around .... int . church . day 2 CUT to two men 's face . well dressed up in wedding tie and coat . peter no surprise ? MARK no surprise . pull back — they be best man and GROOM waiting at the end of a aisle . the church be sunny and full . . peter not like the stag night ? MARK unlike the stag night . peter do you admit that the brazilian prostitute be a mistake ? ( continued ) page2 2 continued : 2 MARK I do . peter and it would have be much better if they have not turn out to be man ? MARK that be true . the music start up ... pachelbel 's canon . enter a really lovely , optimistic girl in her wedding dress . this be juliet . MARK ( cont 'd ) good luck , kiddo . and he pick up he video and start discreetly to film proceedings ~ it 's one of that where you can view through a screen , rather than holding it to you eye . as the bride walk up the aisle a sweet , slightly chaotic 30 year old , call sarah , sneak in just behind her , switching off and putting away her mobile phone . she sit down next to a friend call jamie . 38 . good - looking and good - nature . the bride goe on walking — exchanging a blissful smile with her husband to be . we CUT through moment of the wedding service — finger , ring , kiss , bible , signing the registry . it 's now the end of the service - they 're back in front of the altar . peter and you resist the temptation for any surprise ? MARK yes . I be mature now . now bride and GROOM turn and head down the aisle . the organ strike up a traditional church exit song . then it change ... and start to play something that sound suspiciously like the marseillaise . peter look a bit surprised — turn to look at MARK , who look innocent . as the music change , a curtain that have be hiding the content of the balcony drop . behind it be a hundre strong choir . they begin to sing choir Love , love , love . Love , love , love . Love , love , love . ( continued ) final JUNE 19/6/02 page3 2 continued : ( 2 ) 2 the choir then part to reveal a fabulous looking singer , stand at a microphone ~ singing ' all you need be love '. singer nothing you can do that can not be do . nothing you can sing that can not be sung . nothing you can say but you can learn how to play the game . it 's easy . all all you need be love ... they be now joined , during the chorus , — magically from all over the church — by a huge brass section — 20 trumpet — 20 saxophone etc ... they actually appear in the pews where they 's ve be hiding there instrument till now . all you need be love all you need be love all you need be love , love , Love be all you need . the bride , juliet , be radiant — adoring it ... juliet do you do this ? peter Christ no . husband peter look at best man MARK . MARK shrug he shoulder , pretending he have absolutely no idea this be go to happen . then a little smile . 3 ext . church . day 3 they OPEN the door from the church . wind machine blow 5,000 rose petal through the sky . a man be playing lead guitar , stand on a gravestone . they be the happiest , laughingest couple in the world . a title card say ... november . london . 4 ext . london . day . 4 some beautiful shot of the CITY in its winter glory . ss int . church . day . 5 ( continued ) final JUNE 19/6/02 page4 continued : 5 CUT to a funeral — a man and he 11 year old step - son in a church - with a crowd of 80 behind they , dressed in black . priest and now Daniel wish to say one last thing . daniel get up and face the guest . behind he a simple slide - projector screen show a portrait of he wife . daniel as you know , jo and I have a lot of time to prepare for this moment . some of she request , for instance , that I should bring Nicole kidman as my date to the funeral , I be confident she expect I to ignore . but other she be pretty damn clear about . when she first mention what 's about to happen , I say ' over my dead body 's and she say '' no , Danny - over mine . '' and , as usual , my darling girl , and Sam 's darling mum be right - 100 % . so she 's go to say she final farewell to you , not through I — but , inevitably , ever - so - coolly , through the immortal genius of the Bay City roller ... through the speaker wham the BAY CITY roller atrocious cover version : the projector screen show terrible shot of the roller in there heyday , more shot of jo - and then settle on a utterly gleeful 12 year old girl , clearly jo - totally decked in the scarf , badge and hat of rollermania . if you hate I after what I say , can not put it off any longer oov00 9000 c000 I just gotta tell you anyway ... bye bye baby , baby good - bye , bye baby , baby , bye bye bye bye baby , do not make I cry , bye baby , baby bye bye ... the congregation be torn between smile at the song and the still , and the real sadness of it all . more title ... int . jamie 's house . day 6 jamie , who we glimpsed at the wedding , come back into a house . he have a slight , touching , mid - sentence stutter . ( continued ) final JUNE 19/6/02 page5 continued : 6 he unlocks the door into the large live room . at that moment another slightly younger man enter the room through a internal door . jamie hello . what the hell be you do here ? CHRIS o , I just pop over to borrow some old CD . jamie do the lady of the house let you in ? CHRIS yeh . jamie Lovely obliging gi-gi-girl . just think I would pop back before the reception , see if she be feel better . look , I be think that maybe we should take mum out for she birthday on Friday - what do you think ? I feel we have be bad son this year . CHRIS okay , that sound fine — bit boring but fine . there 's a call from off . girl ( v/0o ) put the kettle on will you , darling . jamie ( raising he eyebrow ) I be a slave to love . he start to do so - and then continue to do so , sort of in slow motion , as he talk on ... this be a bit odd , actually . my girlfriend do not know I be here — and she call you ' Chris 's — not ' da - da -darle 's ~ unless she call you. , ' darling 's when I be not here — in which case the reason you be here be probably less to do with borrow , let 's say , a old Paul Simon album and more to do with , let 's say , you have sex with my girlfriend when I be out . CHRIS Jamie — what can I say ? ( continued ) final JUNE 19/6/02 page6 continued : ( 2 ) 6 jamie well , you could say ' it 's not true — I am here because I have a passionate craving for the music of Art ga-ga - garfunkel 's best friend . 's girl ( V /0 ) . forget the tea , babe — I have locate a packet of 3 — if you get a move on we can finish they off by the time old pencil-dick come home . jamie on the other hand maybe you co- co-could not honestly say that .. more title ... ext . london street . day . 7 CUT to the pmas car moving along the embankment , with bike rider . CUT to the car drive up whitehall . ext . downing STREET . day . 8 CUT to outside 10 downing STREET - huge noise — PRESS and people — out of the car come the new prime minister . he wave — huge cheer . in he forties . he 's a attractive man . he enter — the door close behind he int . 10 downing STREET - entrance hall / inner lobby . day . 9 suddenly , bizarre silence and formality inside in comparison to the chaos outside . there to greet he be he personal advisor , 40 , a woman , annie , strong and intelligent looking . he demeanour immediately change , he de~formalises . annie welcome , Prime Minister . pm that sound so bizarre . annie how be you feel ? pm daze and confuse . ( continued ) final jone 19/6/02 page7 9 continued : 9 CUT on - annie would you like to meet the household staff ? pm yes . anything to put off actually run the country . he goe along a line of employees . annie this be terence . terence good morning , sir . pm have a uncle call terence — hate he — think he be a pervert - like the look of you , though ... PAT good morning , sir , I be Pat . housekeeper . pm hello , Pat - should be a lot easier with I than the last lot - no nappy , no teenager , no scary wife . annie and this be Natalie - she 's new , like you . pm hello , Natalie . natalie hello , David . I mean ' sir 's — o shit , I can not believe I say that .. o no - and now I have go and say ' shit 's - twice . I be so sorry , sir . pm that 's fine ... you could have say ' fuck 's and then we would have be in real trouble . natalie thank you , sir . I do have a awful premonition I be go to fuck up on my fir .. of piss it .. he laugh . she blushes hugely — a beautiful lovely , young , bright face girl . he look at her . something 's happening . ( continued ) final JUNE 19/6/02 10 ii page continued : ( 2 ) 9 annie right - I x11 go get my thing — and then let 's fix the country , shall we ? pm I can not see why not . as he walk away , he just casually look back over he shoulder - natalie be one of the thing he look back on . int . pm 's office.10 downing STREET . day . 10 pm enter , and close the door and suddenly pin himself back against the door , like a man be pursued by the police . pm o no . o jesus. bugger . that be genuinely bad timing . int . reception hall . night . 11 it 's the reception of the ' all you need be love 's wedding . later that night . the newlyweds be dancing to a slightly dodgy hire band ... our best man , MARK , be filming they . near he be sarah , still talking on her mobile phone . a perky waiter in a messy black tie approach he - he’s call colin . colin delicious delicacy ? MARK no thanks . colin head on to sarah . colin taste explosion ? totally uncharmed , she just shake her head . colin head off discouraged . sees another pretty girl by the door to the kitchen . colin ( cont 'd ) food ? pretty girl no thanks . ( continued ) final JUNE 19/6/02 11 12 page continued : 11 colin yeh - bit dodgy , be not it . look like a alien 's finger . ooo - taste like it too . I be Colin , by the way . pretty girl I be Nancy . colin how do you fit here - bride , groom , vicar 's bit on the side ? pretty girl no , I do the food . colin groovy . ( eat another canape ) yes - yes - yum - second time , the glory of it just hit you between the eye . he clip through the door into the kitchen , int . reception kitchen . night . 12 colin sit down next to another quite geeky guy , call tony , a friend who 's just come along for the ride . he wear normal clothes . colin at last I have work out why I can never find true love . tony why 's that ? colin it 's not I - it 's English girl . they be stick up , you see — and I be primarily attractive to girl who be , you know , cooler , game for a laugh — like american girl . so I should just go to America — I have get a girlfriend there instantly . what do you think ? tony I think it 's crap , Colin . people be the same the world over — wherever you go , you will still be dull and ugly — and girl will still hate you . ( continued ) final JUNE 19/6/02 12 13 page10 continued : 12 colin no , that 's where you be wrong . american girl would seriously dig I with my cute british accent . tony you do not have a cute british accent . colin yes , I do , I be go to America . tony do not act on this whim , Colin . you be a lonely , ugly arsehole , and you must accept it . colin never . I be Colin , God of sex . I be just on the wrong continent , that 's all . he wink at a passing waitress . she totally freeze he out . they both think it prove there point . colin / tony see ... int . reception hall . night . 13 CUT to the newlyweds dancing to a horribly performed classic tune — the band isn ’t the best in the world . MARK be filming they — sarah , the phone girl , come and sit next to he . she watch he curiously , then gently ... sarah do you love he ? MARK sorry ? who ? what ? sarah no ~ I just think I would ask the blunt question , in case it be the right one and you need to talk to someone about it and no - one have ever ask you so you have never be able to talk about it even though you might have want to .... MARK no , no , ' no 's be the answer . no. absolutely not . sarah so that 's a ' no 's then . ( continued ) final jone 19/6/02 13 14 . paget1 continued : 13 MARK yes . ' no '. ahm ... little pause — he return to filming ... this band .. what you reckon - the worst in history ? sarah probably . I think it all hang on this next song . what will they go for ? . CUT to the lead singer ... lead singer and here 's one for the lover ... that 's quite a lot of you I should not be surprised and a half ... CUT round a bunch of happy couple ... a famous intro plays ... MARK they 's have do it . it 's official . sarah worst band in the world . lead singer ( singing ) '' I feel it in my finger ... '' int . recording studio . day . 14 CUT to a recording studio - a wonderful - looking batter 55 year old ex - giant of rock be singing in a little black booth . 3 noisy backing singers be really go for it in the studio outside . billy the old rocker '' I feel it in my toe — love be all around I — and so the feel ... '' joe he manager be in the control room with the engineer . joe be unprepossessing , woolly , chubby , moist , in he forties . joe I be afraid you do it again , Bill . billy do I ? joe yeh . sorry , mate . ( continued ) final JUNE 19/6/02 14 15 page12 continued : 14 billy it 's just I know the old version so well , you know . joe well , we all do — which be why we be do the new version . billy right . okay — let 's go . the intro strike up again ... billy ( cont 'd ) '' I feel it in my finger , I feel it in my toe — Love be all ... '' of fuckwankbuggershittingarseheadandhole . start again ... ( the intro plays ) '' I feel it in my finger , I feel it in my toe . Christmas be all around I ... CUT to joe — deeply pleased . and so the feel grow . it 's write in the wind , it 's everywhere I go . so if you really love Christmas , come on and let it snow ... '' ( to joe ) this be shit , be not it ? joe yup — solid gold shit , maestro . job give he a big smile and a thumb up . he be sitting next to a SOUND engineer , reading a newspaper with a picture of the pm on the front . engineer think the Prime Minister 's a poof ? joe o yeh - definitely . the full pink trouser . int . pmas office . 10 downing STREET . day . 15 ( continued ) final JUNE 19/6/02 15 16 page13 continued : 15 a few day later .. the pmas study again . he’s dealing with he 60 year old secretary . pm I want Ian here at five . and tell George I be go to sack he in about 3 minute ~ what 's the point of have a Minister of Transport who 's always late .... the secretary accede and leave . a knock on the door . pm ( cont 'd ) come in . it be natalie , carrying a some file and a tray .. natalie this have just come through from the treasury - and this be for you . he smile . the tray have a tea cup — with three biscuit on a plate . natalie ( cont 'd ) : I be hope you have win — though of cour I would have be perfectly friendly to the other bloke . just always give he the boring biscuit with no chocolate . pm thank you . she leave - he drop he head , slamming it on the table in despair . pm ( cont 'd ) o god. come on - you be the Prime Minister . int . daniel 's office . daniel 's house . day . 16 and now we CUT to daniel , the step - father and husband from the funeral , sitting very alone in he office in he house , he head also on the desk . a moment of stillness and sorrow . then he lift he head , pick up the phone and dial ... daniel Karen — it 's Daniel - can we talk ? I be sorry , I sort of literally do not have anyone else to talk to . she be in her kitchen — obviously mid - forties , very english , still quite nice looking , and good . ( continued ) final JUNE 19/6/02 16 17 pagei4 continued : 16 karen absolutely . horrible moment now though — can I call back in a minute ? daniel ' course . karen do not mean I be not terribly concerned that you wife just die . daniel understood . bugger off and ring I later . he hang up int . karen 's house . day . 17 karen goe back to the question in hand . her 2 child , just back from school . daisy be sweet & 6 . bernie be grumpy and 10 . karen be cooking chicken kebab for there dinner . karen so — what 's this big news then ? little daisy . we have be give we part in the nativity play . I be the lobster . karen the lobster ? little daisy yes karen in the nativity play ? little daisy yes. first lobster . karen there be more than one lobster present at the birth of Jesus ? little daisy durr .... karen right . and what about you , bernie ? bernie be a unpleasant grumpy little bugger . ( continued ) final JUNE 19/6/02 17 18 19 . page15 continued : 17 bernie I want to be a lobster , but I be a angel . I hate angel - they 's be just make - up rubbish ... karen 0 , I do not know about that . it 's just that this day they probably do not have wing — so we do not recognise they . they probably just look normal like you or I - but still cunningly wander around do good . bernie in we play they do not do any good at all — they just stand there look like poof and say ' be not baby Jesus great 's when everyone know he 's just a stupid doll . I want to be a lobster . ( he walk off ) and , by the way , Toby say uncle David be a dickhead . karen he 's probably right . bernie and I hate kebab . karen right . charm child . ext . / int . farm house in FRANCE . day . 18 CUT to total darkness . then window start to OPEN — on the live room of jamie 's chaotic but lovely french farm house . jamie , with he suitcase deposited in the middle of the room , be open the window , some of which have little angel silhouettes CUT in the wood . exterior shot , as the window continue to OPEN . back inside jamie stand in front of a little desk . he put down a typewriter . and he sit . jamie . alone again . naturally . int . school hall . day . 19 CUT to a group of child singing at school — they be singing ' catch a falling STAR '. ( continued ) final JUNE 19/6/02 lo 20 page16 continued : 19 child catch a fall star and put it in you pocket , save it for a rainy day catch a fall star and put it in you pocket , never let it fade away we pan along the happy singing face and then come to SAM — silent , downcast . over the song - we hear karen & daniel talking ... daniel ( V /0 ) obviously he be gloomy before she die . but it 's really get worse this last week . int . / ext daniel 's house . day . 20 CUT to they in daniel 's STREET , entering the house . the camera follows they . he now spend literally all the time in he room - he ’1ll be up there now . karen there 's nothing unusual about that - my horrid son Bernard stay in he room all the time , thank God . daniel no , but this be all the time ... the camera leave they and track up the stair toward SAM 's door ... , and I be afraid , you know , that there 's something really wrong — I mean clearly it 's about he mum , but Christ , he might be inject heroin into he eyeball for all I know . karen at the age of eleven ? daniel well , maybe not into he eyeball then — maybe just he vein ... and then he just listen to music all night and watch video ... the camera sit on the door . final JUNE 19/6/02 page17 21 ext . balcony of daniel 's house . day . 21 daniel and karen , stand on the balcony outside the house . daniel the problem be , it be he mum who always use to talk to he and I do not know ... - the whole step - father thing seem somehow to suddenly matter , like it never do . karen hey - hey - it be always go to be a total shit time . just be patient - and maybe check the room for needle . he smile . daniel yes — good — absolutely — good ... I will . ( pause ) and sometimes when he come out , it 's obvious he 's be cry . ( suddenly a wave of sorrow hit he ) o Karen , it be such a ridiculous waste — and if it 's now go to ruin Sam 's life as well - I just do not know . karen just touch he shoulder . karen get a grip now . people hate sissy . no - one 's ever go to shag a bloke who cry all the time . 22 int . daniel 's house . hallway . day . : 22 CUT to karen at the door of daniel 's house . daniel thanks for come . must be busy day with David and everything . karen Nah — never see he . by the way — I dida little research into Nicole kidman for you - she 's get some excellent internet site — keep you busy in the lonely evening . daniel o do not be disgusting . get out of my house . I have get to fix dinner . ( continued ) final JUNE 19/6/02 22 23 24 25 paget8 continued : 22 karen well there we go - a perfect opportunity to bond . I find chicken kebab always go down very well . int . daniel 's house . corridor . night . 23 CUT to daniel upstair outside SAM 's room . daniel time for dinner . SAM ( v/o ) I be not hungry . daniel but sammy ... I have do chicken kebab . SAM look at the sign on the doox .. it say — ' I say — I ’m not hungry . 's daniel right . ext . STREET . day . 24 colin in the car . he stop for a woman crossing the road , and give her a big thumb up — she turn away , despising he . he raise he eyebrow and shoot on — he pull up - open the car door and in get tony - they 're the two who be discussing america at the wedding . int . colin 's car . day . 25 colin excite news ! tony what ? colin I have buy a ticket to the States - I be off in 2 week . tony no ! colin to a fantastic place call .. Wisconsin . ( continued ) final JUNE 19/6/02 25 26 page19 continued : 25 tony no! colin yes ! Wisconsin babe - here come Sir Colin ! tony no , col ! there be a few babe in America , I grant you , but they be already go out with rich guy . you x11 just end up ina dingy bar snogging someone who 's the spitting image of you mum . and that 's not nice . I should know . I have try it . colin Nah ~ you be just jealous , tone . you know perfectly well that any bar anywhere in America contain ten girl more beautiful and more likely to have sex with I than the whole of the United Kingdom . tony that be total bollock . you have actually go mad now . colin no ! I be wise . wiiiiiise ! stateside , I be Prince William ... without the boring relative . tony no ! no ! I mean it - no , Colin - no-ho-ho ! int . the fairtrade office . morning . 26 colin enter - he’s the guy who bring sandwiches round to companie . it 's a interesting place — a fair - trading company - mixture between charity and the body shop - big and messy - 50 people - lot of smartly design poster and marketing STUFF on desk and wall . colin be very bouncy . he smile and doe a thumb up at a beautiful girl at one desk — no reaction . stay en her — her name be mel . she get up and knock on the door / ehind her . harry ( v/o ) come in . final JUNE 19/6/02 27 int . harry office . morning . page20 27 she enter the office of harry - in he mid forties , stylish - quite a serious man - but with hidden place . mel Sarah for you . harry o great . settle in fine ? mel absolutely . sarah walk in a bit awkwardly . mel leave gracefully . harry ah , Sarah . how be you ? sarah good - the quality of my work have shot up since I get that Harry Potter screen-saver . harry I have notice - now , switch off you phone and tell I exactly how long you have be work here ? sarah it 's 2 year now . and 7 month . and 3 day . and I suppose , what — 2 hour . harry right . and how long have you be in love with Karl , we enigmatic but attractive chief designer ? sarah be taken aback — she thought this be a total secret . sarah ahm — 2 year and 7 month and 3 day and , I suppose , 1 hour and 45 minute . there be a great half hour at the beginning that be very relaxed . harry I think as much . sarah do you think everybody know ? harry yes . ( continued ) pinal JUNE 19/6/02 27 28 page21 continued : 27 sarah do you think Karl know ? harry yes . sarah that be bad news on , of , so many level . harry and I be just think perhaps the time have come to do something about it ... karen like ...? harry you know , ask he out for a drink — then after 20 minute casually drop into the _ conversation the fact that you have like to marry he and have lot of sex and baby . sarah you know that ? harry yes . and so do Karl . think about it . for all we sake . sarah certainly — excellent . will do . thanks , boss . she open the door to leave and a very good looking guy walk in . , karl hi , Sarah . sarah ( totally casually ) hi , Karl . and she walk out . int . the fairtrade office . morning . 28 we follow her through the door . she stop - take a deep breath ~ switch on her phone and it ring immediately . she answer . sarah Babe ... yup , absolutely , fire away . she turn to mel at her desk . ( continued ) final JUNE 19/6/02 28 29 30 31 page22 continued : 28 actually - mel , be not it ? ( mel nods ) could you turn the radio off - I can not take that song this time of the day ... we realise that in the background we have be listening to ' christmas be all around 's . int . radio station studio . day . 29 a local radio station . a disc jockey at the mike - ' christmas be all around 's just coming to a end . bo and that be the Christmas effort by the once great billy Mann ~ of dear I — how be - the mighty fall . I have call that the worst record I have hear this century . and ... looking through to the other side , the next disc jockey be do a throat cutting motion — the first disc jockey look at a sheet on he desk and realise he faux pas . and yes , coincidentally , I believe billy be a guest on my esteem colleague 's show in a few minute time . welcome back , Bill . int . radio station foyer . day . 30 CUT outside — joe & billy sitting there in the foyer , where the station 's output be on . just looking totally broken . int . radio station studio . day . 31 ten minute later . DI 2 so billy — welcome back to the airwave — new Christmas single — cover of Love be all around . billy except we have change the word ' love 's to ' Christmas 's dj2 - mike yes. '' Christmas be all around '' . be that a important message to you , Bill ? billy no , not really , Mike — Christmas be for people with someone they love in they life . ( continued ) final JUNE 19/6/02 page23 31 continued : 31 mike and that 's not you ? billy that 's not I , Michael — when I be young and successful , I be greedy and foolish and now I be leave with no -one , wrinkle and alone . mike wow . thanks for that , billy . billy for what ? . mike well , for actually give a real answer to a question . do not often happen here on Radio wapping , I can tell you . billy ask I anything you like — I ’1l1 tell you the truth . mike best shag you ever have ? billy Britney Spears — no , only kid ... she be rubbish . no , only kid ... mike okay - here 's one - how do you think the new record compare to you old stuff ? billy come on , Mike , you know as well as I do that the record 's crap . but you know .. CUT to joe 's V. unhappy reaction . would not it be great if number one this Christmas be not some smug teenager — but a ugly old ex-heroin addict search for a come - back at any price . all this young popster , come Christmas day , they x11 be stretch out naked with a cute bird balance on they ball — but I ’11l be stick in a seedy hotel with my manager Joe - ugliest man in the world — fuck miserable because we fuck gamble do not pay off . ( more ) ( continued ) final JUNE 19/6/02 31 32 page24 continued : ( 2 ) 31 billy ( cont 'd ) so if you believe in Father Christmas , child — like you uncle billy do — buy my cunting record — and particularly enjoy the incredible crassness of the moment when we try to squeeze in a extra syllable into the 4th line ... mike I think you be refer to '' if you really love Christmas '' billy I be indeed , Mike . '' come on and let it snow '' , ouch . mike so here it be one more time — the dark horse for this year 's Christmas number one — '' Christmas be all around . '' thank you , billy . joe be quietly hitting he head against a wall . and after this it 's the news - be the new Prime Minister in trouble already ? int . & mas office . 10 downing STREET . night . 32 CUT to later that night . the pm be walking out with a minister and he top aide . pm sorry , George , but I need more than that . people will not accept that kind of fudge now - otherwise they have have vote in that other zomby . he close the door - instantly , a knock on the door , it open - therem natalie . pm ( cont 'd ) Natalie . natalie sir. she enter with a pile of paper and file . put they down , and head off . then ... ( continued ) final JUNE 19/6/02 page25 32 continued : 32 pm ahm — I be start to feel uncomfortable with we in such .. close proximity all the time and I ... know so little about you . seem .. ( ironically ) elitist and wrong . natalie there 's not much to know . pm where do you live ? natalie wandsworth . the dodgy end . pm my sister life in wandsworth ~ which exactly be the dodgy end ? natalie right at the end of the High Street — Harris Street - near the Queen 's head . pm right , yes , that be dodgy . and you live with you boyfriend ... husband ... 3 illegitimate but lovely child ? natalie no , I have just split up with my boyfriend actually , so I be back with my mum and dad for a while . pm o I be sorry . natalie no , that 's fine . I be well shot of he . ( she tidie for a moment ) . he say I be get fat . pm I beg you pardon ? natalie he say no - one 's go to fancy a girl with thigh the size of big tree trunk . not a nice guy actually , in the end . suddenly there 's a glimpse of vulnerability in her . ( continued ) final JUNE 19/6/02 32 33 page26 continued : ( 2 ) 32 pm right . well , well .. ( he appear to go back to work — then look up casually ) you know , be Prime Minister , I could just have he murder . natalie thank you , sir — I ' 11 think about it . pm do - ruthless train military killer be always just a phone call away . they both look at each other and there 's a little laugh . for a moment she be sad and he’s cheered her up . she leave . pm ( cont 'd ) o God . do you have this sort of problem ? CUT up to a very stern portrait of margaret thatcher . I very much suspect not . int , art gallery . day . 33 a huge wrapped picture against the wall of a empty art gallery . lot of other wrapped picture frame on the floor . it 's where MARK work . MARK right - very exciting moment . this humble package contain we new exhibition , photograph by none other than the great John siekart . mel excite stuff . what 's the theme ? she be dressed totally casually , almost unrecognisable from the work person we saw earlier , very modern and sexy . MARK he say Christmas - very ' family 's sort of thing . crowd pleaser . here we go . he open it up ... MARK ( cont 'd ) ah. interesting . classic . bleak . fatal . we see what he’s just opened . a huge photograph of a really naked woman , her pubic hair neatly shave into the shape of a christmas tree . final JUNE 19/6/02 34 page27 int . art gallery . day 34 MARK in total self -contained despair a hour later . they 's re sitting on the floor . they 's ve be out and bought a starbucks and switched on a radio .. MARK o God , of god . it 's porn . it 's just porn . we will be raid by the porn squad . mel I be think of have a affair with my boss . what do you think ? MARK be he marry ? mel yes . MARK bad idea then . the marriage vow be very sacred , mel yes . though I be a great believer in act on instinct . MARK o no - never do that . mel or , of course , I could have a affair with you . MARK ha. mel why not ? MARK ahm . let 's not go there . look at her , sheas lounging gorgeously . do you look as gorgeous as this at work ? mel yes , though in a different way . MARK then he 's doom , be not he ? ( continued ) final JUNE 19/6/02 34 35 page28 continued : 34 mel I think so . she light a cigarette . on the radio we hear ... radio voice six week to Christmas - and here 's the one they 's be go to have to beat to that magic number one slot - yes , it 's ... westlife . int . harry office . day . 35 mel be there - she be , it must be say , looking gorgeous in her grey skirt suit . harry right . the Christmas party . not my favourite night of the year - and you unhappy job to organise . mel tell I . harry Basic really ~ find a venue — over - order on the drink — bulk buy the guacamole and advise the girl to avoid Kevin if they want they breast unfondled . mel it 's do . wive and family and stuff ? harry yes — I mean , not child — but wife and girlfriend etc — of Christ , you have not get some horrible six - foot , gold - toothe boyfriend you x11 be bring , have you ? mel no ... if 11 just be hang round the mistletoe and hope to be kiss . she look at he hard . suddenly real electricity in the room . harry really . right . ah. she walk out — he sort of shake he head in a '' wake - up / what 's go on ? '' way . outside , mel sit and start to type on her computer . final JUNE 19/6/02 36 37 page29 int . farm house in FRANCE . day . 36 which blend through to jamie typing in FRANCE , on old - fashioned type - writer and paper . a knock on the door . int . / ext front door - farm house . day . 37 jamie open the door . there 's a confident , middle - aged french woman , eleonore . she be clearly in charge of the house in some way , with a nice thick french accent . the shot pleasant nathalie isabelle eleonore bonjour , monsieur bennett . jamie bonjour , eleonore . eleonore welcome back . and this year , you bring a lady guest ? jamie ah , no - change of plan . eleonore dommage . and you be here till Christmas ? jamie yes . when I return to the enormous bosom of my family . eleonore good . and I have find you this time a perfect lady to help clean the house . this be aurelia . widen to reveal , stand back nervously , aurelia — a looking dark - haire woman - about 35 . a nice face — baye , not emmanuelle beart —- isabelle huppert , not adjani . wearing a very ordinary cheap dress . jamie bonjour , aurelia . aurelia ( very quietly ) bonjour . jamie ( very bad accent ) je suis t-t - tre heureux de vous avoir ici . ( continued ) final JUNE 19/6/02 37 38 page30 continued : 37 she look puzzle . eleonore unfortunately , she cannot speak french . like you . she be portuguese . jamie ah. ahm ... ahm — bon giorno . ahm - eusebio..molto bueno . he mime a little bit of football . eleonore I think she be ten year too young to remember there be a footballer call eusebio — and ' molto bueno 's be Spanish . jamie right - absolutely . well , good to meet you . he shake her hand . eleonore and perhaps you can drive she home at the end of she work . jamie absolutely . con grande plesoro . eleonore which be what ? hungarian ? jamie ( pause ) yes . int . daniel 's house . corridor / office . morning . 38 it 's a saturday morning . daniel walk past SAM 's room ~ it 's locked — there 's strange music coming from in there ... he walk past , shaking he head , and head down into he office . he sit down and push a button — the computer start up — a boring work spreadsheet ... he‘s bore . he type in ' excite 's — then ' nicole kidman '. instantly up come a list of ten nicole kidman base site . the FOURTH one say ' nicole kidman naked naked naked 's daniel goe to it ~— there 's a seductive picture of nicole , and a list of photo - gallery 1 , gallery 2 etc . he open one - and up come tiny picture of nicole , many not fully clothed . ( continued ) pinal JUNE 19/6/02 38 39 page31 continued : 38 he double click on one of they - but it doesn ’t come up - instead , there 's a form that say he can ’t go any further without giving a credit card number . so he close it . but when he dob , lot of picture of naked girl come up uninvited . it 's a site call ' xxxx teen slut . 's at which moment daniel hear a car pulling up outside . he swiftly close ' xxxx teen slut 's ~ but other thing come up , increasingly pornographic and always with the word ' come 's or ' pink 's in there title — he tries to close they , but more and more box start coming up — finally — the computer settle on a site call ' women f** king animal 's — with accordingly graphic picture . he tries to close it — but it won ’t close . in fact the machine freeze — as the doorbell goe . and now daniel can ’t move the cursor to get the damn thing to shut down ... he goe to the plug to turn off the electricity — but it doesn ’t make any difference . in desperation , he take off he jumper and throws it over the quite big computer screen . int . daniel 's front door . morning . 39 CUT to daniel at the front door . daniel hello , Matthew . they shake hand — and then . awkwardly drift into a hug . at this moment , both can only think of wife , of daughter . father in law still a bit hard , be not it ? daniel still a little tricky . come and sit down . father in law why not ? I have bring a little gift for my grandson ~- thanks to he , I have actually start to use that computer you give I . daniel really ? ( continued ) final JUNE 19/6/02 39 40 41 42 page32 continued : 39 father in law yes , I have find a tremendous golf site . in fact , let I show you — where 's you computer ? daniel ahm — let 's have a drink first , shall we ? pather in law no I insist — come on — in the office , I presume . father-in - law head in ... int . daniel 's house . office . morning . 40 he take the jumper off the machine , the screen be black — he push a button and up flick ' women f** king animal 's . he look up at daniel — daniel at he . pause . daniel ©.. this be disgusting . where 's Sam ? this be just a step too far .. he run up the stair . int . sam' room . day . 41 daniel open SAM 's door . daniel do you want fifty pound — yes or no ? SAM I have prefer a hundred . daniel okay , then whatever happen in the next minute — do not argue — just agree with I . on everything . SAM okay . daniel right — ( raising voice ) — get down here young man , straight away . int . daniel 's office . morning . 42 CUT to the three of they in the office — ( continued ) final JUNE 19/6/02 page33 42 continued : 42 daniel what be this , young man ? SAM I do not know — look like a website about woman have sex with animal . daniel and how do it get here ? pause . daniel realise that be too complex . he look all right . I x11 tell you how it get here . you have be use my computer , Sam , and call up this filth - have not you ? at he with slightly raised eyebrow . SAM yes , I have . daniel I do not know what to say . I hope you be ashamed of yourself . SAM yes I be . daniel it 's disgusting , be not it . SAM it really be . father in law do not worry — we all have different way of cope with grief and maybe Sam , this be yours — let 's just switch the machine off ... SAM push a button on the back . daniel be taken aback ... daniel how do you do that ? SAM the ' cancel 's button on the back . daniel 0 right ... useful . father in law now let 's all forget about it . ( continued ) final JUNE 19/6/02 412 43 44 page34 continued : ( 2 ) 42 daniel I can not forget about it . I be so angry with you , Sam — that be you pocket money dock for a month , young man . ext . bank cash machine . day . 43 CUT to 3 hour later — a cash machine - out pop £ 100 quid and daniel put it straight into SAM 's hand . daniel brilliant work , son . ext . walk home . day 44 they be walking home . _ SAM only one thing I do not understand - why be you look up woman have sex with animal ? daniel I be not — I be do some work , and ... look up Nicole kidman - for work reason - and then suddenly when I try to close the damn thing , that stuff come up . SAM you must have be look up '' Nicole kidman naked '' . daniel no . SAM you must have — it 's number 4 on the Nicole kidman list — Nicole kidman naked naked naked — if you just look up the Nicole kidman homepage it would not have do that . pause . then fast ... daniel all right , I be look up Nicole kidman naked naked naked , you little greedy bastard . he start to laugh . SAM pervert . ( continued ) final JUNE 19/6/02 page35 44 continued : 44 daniel Computer nerd . SAM wanky , wanky wierdo . daniel freak with bad , bad haircut . they 're now laughing a lot — friend together at last . maybe there first laugh since SAM 's mum died . 45 int . pm 's office . day . 45 natalie be just leaving , having left the pm a cup of coffee , and a plate of brownies . he be in a meeting with carter . pm tell I , Natalie , what do you think about we increase aid to the third world ? liberal nonsense - or crucial policy ? natalie not a bad idea ~- we can all do with a little less - give they a bit more . pm well quite . ( to carter ) you see . the public be with I on this . then natalie come back and remove the brownie plate . natalie you might as well get into practice ... pm on the other hand , actually , you know , I be not sure it be such a good idea .... 46 ext ~ london bench or walk . day . 46 a few minute later - daniel take the plunge . daniel so , what 's the problem , sammy -o ? be it just mum — or be it something else ? maybe ... school — be you be bully ? or be it — I do not know — something worse - can you give I any clue at all ? SAM you really want to know ? ( continued ) final JUNE 19/6/02 page36 46 continued : 46 daniel I really want to know . SAM even though you will not be able to do anything to help ? daniel even if that 's the case . SAM okay . the truth be - actually - I be in love . daniel sorry ? SAM I know I should be think about mum all the time , and I be , but the truth be that I be in love and I be before she die and there 's nothing I can do about it .. . daniel be not you a bit young to be in love ? SAM no. daniel okay , right . well , I can not deny it - I 'ma little relieved . SAM why ? daniel well , you know I think it might be something worse ... SAM worse than the total agony of be in love ? daniel ahm ... no - you be right . so wait a minute - what exactly have you be do in you room then ? final JUNE 19/6/02 47 48 page37 int . SAM 's room . daniel 's house . day . a7 CUT to the room — the door open — it be full of poster of romantic movie - sleepless in seattle , moulin rouge , dirty dancing . SAM switch on the CD — the high drama of dusty springfield singing ' you don ’t have to say you love I . 's — he then open the video cupboard — more romantic movie ghost , when harry met sally , crossroad , she 's all that and pretty woman ~ he switch on the telly — it 's romeo and juliet , DI caprio and dane looking through the fish -tank . daniel wow - wow - so , a bit of a ... love theme . SAM yes - I have be try to see if I can pick up any hint from the film . and then I find the song just help . the phone start to ring . daniel answer it karen if you 's be still desperate you could come round tonight for dinner . daniel no thanks . break-through . karen good news . tell I tomorrow . int . karen 's house . day 48 she hang up and turn to her husband ... karen thank God actually - bernie 's such a pig when we have guest round ... he be sitting there reading the paper - he be harry from the office , with the dangerous secretary . he attitude at home be a little disengaged . karen pass a mirror . 0 god. since when do my bottom stop be my bottom and turn into the second large sea-port in Britain . harry just look up at her ... karen ( cont 's D ) do you talk to Sarah ? ( continued ) final JUNE 19/6/02 18 49 50 page36 continued : 48 harry yes , she say tonight 's the night she 's go to make she move . int . fairtrade office . eve . ag it 's late in the office . sarah at her desk - she be putting on a bit of lipstick furtively . we notice a framed photo of a good looking young man on her desk . then suddenly karl be walking from the far end of the long office toward her . she watch he - he reach her desk near the door . karl night , Sarah . sarah night , Karl . he leave . she just sit there , frozen and useless . her phone ring . yup , absolutely , free as a bird - fire away . int . daniel 's live room . night . 50 a bit later - daniel & SAM sitting opposite each other — like a interview — each in the middle of a big couch . daniel full of ENERGY . daniel we can definitely crack this . remember I be a kid once too . come on - it 's someone at school - right ? SAM yup . daniel and how do she / he feel about you ? SAM she do not even know my name . and even if she do , she have despise I . she 's 2 year older than I and everyone worship she because she 's heaven . daniel right . good . well , basically ... you 's be fuck , be not you . SAM nods . final JUNE 19/6/02 51 52 page39 int . daniel '’s house . live room . night 51 later that night — CUT to dirty dancing - the end where patrick swayze be dancing very athletically . ' I 've have the time of my life 's rock . SAM and daniel be watching . daniel although this be a think . listen up . maybe you could use you gymnastics to win she over . surely that 's : very groovy and sexy ? SAM doe a brilliant handspring to go get a coke . SAM no . she 's a artist who despise all form of physical exercise . daniel bugger . this be go to be tough . int . film studio . day . 52 CUT to a couple having slightly weird sex rather half -heartedly — they 're both dressed , and he appear to be taking her from behind , her leaning forward against a pillar in a stylish , dramatically lit live room . d.o.p . ( v/0 ) okay — you can stop there , thanks ... CUT back to show the paraphernalia of a huge film crew . the d.o.p. immediately slip into discussion with the director . the two stand -in , because that 's what they be , start to chat . they 're two plain , sweet , simple people . JOHN I tell you , I think I be never go to get here today — that traffic be ... judy unbelievable . JOHN yeh - by the way — he introduce I as John , but actually everyone call I Jack . judy o fine — nice to meet you , Jack . he get I right though — I be just Judy . ( continued ) final JUNE 19/6/02 52 page40 continued : 52 JOHN great , just Judy . the assistant director come up . he be tony , colin 's discouraging friend . he be not very comfortable with he job at this moment . tony Judy ~— could you , ahm , take the top off this time — lighting and camera need to know when we be actually go to see the nipple and when we be not - you know , shadow and thing . judy o yes , okay , right . ( to JOHN ) at least it 's nice and warm in here . JOHN absolutely . you have get to be ready for anything in this job , do not you . I be once stand in for Brad Pitt , and ... tony unfortunately we be go to have to hurry . we need to shoot the actor before lunch . judy Fine . JOHN I promise I will not look . she laugh a bit , then take her jumper and bra off — pulling a bit of a ' what can you do ? 's look at JOHN . '' and action '' then they start to mime the sex again . the cameraman stand very close , judging the light with he little machine . tony and Jerry say , could you just put you hand on she breast ... he doe so . and massage they , please . JOHN right .... it 's Junction 13 that 's just murder , be not it - total gridlock there this morning . final JUNE 19/6/02 53 54 page41 ext , jamie 's car in FRANCE . day . , 53 CUT to FRANCE - totally empty road . aurelia and jamie in the car . total silence ... jamie getting embarrassed . he look at the gorgeous valley they be drive through . jamie bello ... bella . she look puzzle . montagno . agua . he kiss he finger to show approval . she just look slightly perplexed . no , right . silence be golden . as the tremeloes say . clever guy . though I believe the original version be by frankie valli and the 4 season . g-g-great band . '' ooo00 - 000 - 000 '' - of shut up . he just goe back to drive . int . film studio / modern flat . day . 54 the two stand -in having sex again — on a bed in a ultra ~ modern flat - he be fully clothed — she be on top of he , still naked on top . a few mime second . tony still a bit shy about all this . . tony my mistake — sorry , guy , it 's all to do with the effect of light on flesh and all that . Jerry would like absolutely everything off . JOHN that 's I as well ? tony yeh . JOHN ( whispered to her ) the thing we do for a buck , eh? CUT to the d.o.p . - d.o.p . okay , let 's see that again . . ( continued ) final JUNE 19/6/02 54 55 page42 continued : 54 the camera move slightly sideways from where he be stand , measuring the light , to find they 're now totally naked in the same position - they mime sex unpassionately and chat . JOHN : so what do you reckon to we new Prime Minister ? judy o , I like he — can not understand why he 's not marry , though . JOHN 0 , you know the type - marry to he job . either that or gay . tony and , Judy , if you could just cheat the nipple a little leave and down , please . JOHN I have to say Judy , this be a real pleasure - lovely to find someone I can really chat to . judy thank you . ditto . oops , sorry . tony all right , everyone - that 's a wrap for the stand - in - the actor be on they way down . int . cabinet room . 10 downing STREET . day . 55 all the cabinet be there . at least 4 women . he hand everyone pm right - right — before we start , there be one crucial issue of national importance that I feel we must sort out . out a piece of paper to everyone . pm ( cont 's D ) I think it 's vital as a cabinet that we show a united front on major issue , and so I want everyone , after due and sober reflection , to tick the record they think be go to be number one at Christmas . laugh . ( continued ) final JUNE 19/6/02 page43 '' 5 continued : 55 pm ( cont 'd ) only a month to go . anyone support my particular favourite — Christmas be all around ? the entire cabinet be horrified . everyone all absolutely not / it 's go to be westlife / over my dead body ... pm unexpect strength of feel here . fry Prime Minister , it do not have a snowball 's chance in hell . it would do the government untold damage to back such a losex ... loudly agree . pm all right — we will return to it later - though I must say , I have expect a little more support from some of you ungrateful bastard . what 's next ? carter the President 's visit . pm ah , yes , yes . lock away you daughter . they laugh . pm ( cont 'd ) though seriously - I fear this be go to be a tricky one to play . carter there be a very strong feel in the party , and indeed , in the country , that we must not allow ourselves to be bully from pillar to post like the last government . jeremy here , here . this be we first really important test . let 's take a stand . pm right . right . I understand that . but I have decide ... not to . ( continued ) final JUNE 19/6/02 3s 56 57 page44 continued : ( 2 ) $ 5 big sigh ... of course we will try to be clever , but let 's not forget , we be a very small country , one of many , and America be the most powerful country in the world . we be lucky to be friend and we ’1ll behave accordingly . I be not go to act like a child here . general grudging acceptance . right - now who do you have to screw around here to get a cup of tea and a chocolate biscuit ? at which moment natalie enter with refreshment . pm ( cont 'd ) ( abashed ) right . ext . whitehall / 10 downing STREET . day . 56 dramatic CUT to huge crowd outside downing STREET — bright sunshine ~ the door open — and out of the car step two security guard and then the american president . he be immensely glamorous — a handsome , charismatic man . int . 10 downing STREET . entrance hall / inner lobby . day . 57 CUT inside the front door . this time it 's noisy with lot of people - some PRESS - huge number of staff . the prime minister and president shake hand — these two be king of there domain — but the pmas style seem quieter , and more modest against the american sexy , confidence . pm I be sorry you wife could not make it . president so be she . though she might have be kind of lonely ... pm yes , tragic , be not it . just never be able to tie a girl down . I be not sure politics and dating really go together . president really ? that 's not what I have find . ( continued ) final JUNE 19/6/02 $ 7 58 page45 continued : 57 pm yes , well , the difference be that you be sickeningly handsome - and I look increasingly like my aunt mild . this way ... they walk along the corridor and pass natalie ... president now that be what I call a good look woman , pm yes , she 's .. a lovely ... person . a burst of thunder outside ... int . tv studio . day . 58 CUT into the middle of a CD : UK type saturday morning pop show ... billy be interviewed by ant & dec , next to a big pile of pop prine . joe get a word in just before the interview start . joe : . so remember , it 's a kid 's show , keep it sweet , keep it light , think little six year old with shine morning face ... billy trust I . and they 's re on AIR . dec so , billy — 3 week till Christmas and it look like the real problem 's go to be westlife . billy yes , I see they on the show last week . they be not very nice about my record . ant no. scamp ! billy yeh ~ but very , very talented musician . CUT to joe , delighted at this tactful approach . dec and you have bring a gift for competition winner . ( continued ) final JUNE 19/6/02 58 59 page46 continued : 58 billy yes , I have , ant or Dec . it 's a personalise feel pen . ant o great . billy it 's brilliant . it even write on glass . so if you have get a frame picture , like for instance this one ...of westlife . ( framed picture - a prize ) you can just write on it — here we go ~— he write — ' we 's ve got little prick 's dec lot of kid watch , billy . and it 's live . billy o yes — so it be . hiya kid — a important message from you uncle Bill : do not buy drug — become a pop star , and then people give you they for free . ant and I do believe we be head for a commercial break . thank the lord . head in hand joe . you can hear thunder & rain outside . int . meeting room . downing STREET . day . 59 the room be now full of people — 8 of they — 3 AMERICANS — 5 english , including the pm and the president ... the expert be talking . pm looking intently on . the meeting be very tense . american expert no. absolutely not . never . we cannot and will not consult on that . we business and ours alone . carter right . that be unexpected . american president it should not be . the last administration make it very clear ~ we be just be consistent with they policy : we do not have to consult you on this issue . ( continued ) final jone 19/6/02 . 59 60 61 pages7 continued : 59 carter but , with all respect they be bad policy - we hope that we be meeting today to formulate better one . the prime minister be clearly on carter 's side - but he be taking he promised moderate stance . pm right - thank you , Alex - let 's move on , shall we ? int . corridor . night , 60 soon afterward - the prime minister walking along with carter . pm calm down , Alex - calm down - trust I - this be not the time to pick a fight . int . pm 's office . 10 downing STREET . night . 61 the president flop down into a chair . the end of the day . president ( contd ) so - who do you have to screw to get a drink round here ? pm smile wryly at the reflection of he sentence . pm I 'il get you a drink and you do not have to screw anyone . ( on the speaker phone ) two whisky , please — thank you . president on the rock . pm ( into the phone ) with ice . well , now that be a interesting day . president I be sorry if we line be firm — there 's no point tip-toeing around today and then just disappoint you for the next four year . I have plan - and I plan to see they through . ( continued ) final JUNE 19/6/02 page48 61 continued : 61 pm yes , it be ... certainly unexpectedly firn . ( he get up ) there 's one final thing I have like to look at - very close to my heart - if you just give I a second . president I will give you anything you ask for - as long as you do not . ask for something I do not want to give . pm walk out into the corridor — passing natalie on the way with the whiskies . he smile at her in the awkward way of a man in love . the camera continue to follow he . pm pathetic . he goe into a door , enter a second office , grab a file and walk back toward he study . he enter — and something odd be go on . the president and natalie be stand in a guilty proximity . he hand on her hip . she blushes completely and move a foot away . the president be unthrown — he just straighten he tie — and reach for he whisky . something weird happens to the SOUND for a second — this be awful for the prime minister . president great scotch . natalie I x11 be go then . she walk out , her head bowed , past the pm . president a privilege to meet you , Natalie . I hope to see more of you , as we two great country work for a better future . natalie thank you , sir . she leave . president so what be we deal with here ? something very close to you heart . pm yes. right. yes ... indeed . ( continued ) final JUNE 19/6/02 63 page49 continued : ( 2 ) 61 he be clearly quite shaken by what 's happened . the camera linger on he as he tries to gather himself . a clap of thunder . int . / ext . tony's flat . day .. 62 it 's a pretty SMALL , unimpressive , very single man 's flat . knock on the door . tony open the door to a soaking , case - carrying colin . colin hi. tony what be you do here ? colin have to rent out my flat to pay for the ticket . tony you be not actually go ahead with this genuinely stupid plan ? colin bloody be . think this suitcase be full of clothes ? like hell it be - it 's chock - a - block full of condom . tony but I have only get one bed . colin I know . but it 's a double ~ and you be a sad act who have not have a girlfriend this decade - so there 's room for I ! he’s up the stair into the live room . the tv be on , and the president be on it . tony 's single pizza sit there . colin help himself . great - pizza . o look , sexy pre be in town - the ' deed 's he 's do - that be the deed I want to do . woof woof ! int . meeting room . i0 downing STREET . day . 63 CUT into the room of the final PRESS conference ... we see the pm and president sitting a couple of yard apart , in formal chair , huge amount of PRESS face they . the pm look very serious . PRESS person Mr President .. have it be a good visit ? ( continued ) final JUNE 19/6/02 63 64 pages0 continued : 63 president very satisfactory indeed — we get what we come for - the special relationship be still very special . PRESS person Prime Minister ? pause . pm Love that word ' relationship — cover all manner of sin do not it ? I greet the President know there could not be equality with America — but I be not prepare for a total lack of give and take . I fear this have become a bad relationship — a relationship base on the President take exactly what he want — and casually ignore that thing that really matter to .. Britain . we may be a small country but we be a great country too , and a friend who bully we be no longer a friend . and since bully only respond to strength — from this moment on , I will be more prepare to be less friendly . and the President should be prepare for that . huge excite photographing and writing from the PRESS — this be now a real story . at the back of the hall — or behind they we see the cabinet member completely delighted , particularly carter . at last the pm have come off the fence . the PRESS all shout out to get the president 's reaction . PRESS people Mr President / Mr President / mr president ... what do you make of that ??? president well , it 's certainly fight talk . certainly ... unexpectedly firm . the pm look across at he — the president look back with a mixture of anger and new found respect . then we see someone out of focus behind he ~ the focus change — it 's natalie . the pm look at her . she at he . then she drop her head . int . pm 's office . 10 downing STREET . day . 64 a cluster of people around the pm in he office congratulating he . he cabinet be very proud and over -excite . enter he secretary ( continued ) final jone 19/6/02 64 65 page51 continued : 64 pmas secretary . it 's you sister on the phone . pm pick up . pm hiya , skunk . int . karen 's house . day . 65 karen on the phone — karen have you go crazy ? em you can not be sensible all the time . karen you can if you be Prime Minister . pm '' Jesus . it 's the chancellor of the exchequer on the other line . I x11 ring you back . karen you will not . she hang up . and gather herself . harry be there . she flick a button to turn on the CD . a pretty , slightly jazzy song plays as karen goe over to a table full of christmas present that need wrapping ... karen ( cont 'd ) the problem with be the Prime Minister 's sister be that it put you life into rather harsh perspective . what do my brother do today ? he stand up to the american President . and what do I do - I build a papier mache lobster head . harry what be this we be listen to ? karen joni Mitchell . harry I can not believe you still listen to joni Mitchell . ( continued ) final JUNE 19/6/02 65 66 67 page52 continued : 65 karen what be you talk about ? I love she and true love last a lifetime . joni Mitchell be the woman who teach you cold English wife how to feel . which do you think we should give Daisy - the doll that look like a transvestite - or the one that look like a prostitute ? he smile as she show he the two doll . little daisy enter . daisy mummy , bernie hit I . karen o God - ( to harry ) you deal with he . I give up . tonight I feel my brother make all the right choice . int . pm 's bedroom . night . 66 the prime minister geting ready for bed . he look serious , and alone . he put on a CD . push it to the right track - wait a second - and in it wham - it be a favourite high tempo number from the 80s - he dance unexpectedly funkily to it , in total exhilaration and triumph - it 's be a good day . int . kitchen . farm house in FRANCE . morning . 67 jamie be eating breakfast in a big old fashioned like - school dressing gown . aurelia enter — take he coffee cup off the pile of paper . he offer her a croissant . she smile . ( from now on when she speak in portuguese , it 's in italic . on screen it would have subtitles ) aurelia thank you very much — but no — if you see my sister , you would understand why . jamie no ? aurelia nods . jamie ( cont 'd ) yes ? she shake her head again . jamie ( cont 'd ) okay — yes - ' no . 's that 's all right — more for I . ( continued ) final JUNE 19/6/02 67 68 page53 continued : 67 aurelia just do not go eat it yourself — you be get chubbier every day . jamie I be lucky - I have get one of that constituon where I just do not put on weight . she look at he and smile . there 's a friendship developing . the phone ring ~ laughing - they search for he mobile , eventually finding it down a couch . jamie ( cont 'd ) hello . mel hello , Jamie . jamie o hi . how be you ? mel good - I just think I would ring - check how you wezxe - see how the write 's go . jamie Fine - good , thank you - and how 's the sleep with my brother go ? ( .... ) right - much as expect then . mel I just think maybe with Christmas come we could get together for a drink or something . jamie or maybe not . mel or as you say - maybe not . o.look , sorry - I have get to go . CUT back to jamie - a bit in SHOCK - he look across at aurelia - she smile gently and then continue working ... int . fairtrade office . morning . 68 mel sit at her desk . harry be over with sarah . we see that photo of the young man again . harry so - any progress on we match - make plan ? ( continued ) final JUNE 19/6/02 68 . page54 continued : . 68 sarah no . I have do fuck~all and never will because he 's too good for I ... harry well , at least we have get the luxury of worry about love , eh ~ unlike the people we be work for ... he point to a desperately sad , dramatically locate poster of a african man in a field , he crop destroyed ( this should be the picture behind her , so we see it quite often , whenever we 's re at her desk ) she look at the poster - and take in and appreciate he point . sarah yes . yes . her mobile goe harry and of course , you mobile go ... ( turning to mel ) so. how 's we Christmas party go ? mel good — think I have find a venue . friend of mine work there . harry what 's it like ? mel good - full of dark corner for do dark deed . she look at he hard . harry right , right . good . I have like to see it . int . pm 's office . 10 downing STREET . day . 69 a door ~ a knock on it - it 's annie . pm Annie , my darling , my dream , my boat . I need you to do a favour for I . annie of course . anything for the hero of the hour . ( continued ) final JUNE 19/6/02 69 70 page55 continued : 69 pm do not ask I why — and for heaven 's sake do not read stuff into it — it 's just a little weird ... personality thing . you remember Natalie , who work here . annie the chubby girl . pm would we call she chubby ? annie I think there 's a pretty sizeable arse there , yes , six . huge thigh . pm well , whatever . I be sure she 's a lovely girl — but I wonder if you could sort of redistribute she ... annie it 's do . she leave . he take in what he’s do , look out the window , to a world where people be free . and then open a new huge official file and begins to make note . the camera move away from he , round the room , it seem to get darker - and then the camera find he again , at the other end of the room . he just sit there .. a knock on the door — he almost flinch . pm yes — come . the door open slowly - it be a girl with tea — not natalie . he look at her , thinking . a possibility be gone . he talk into he speakerphone , pm ( cont 'd ) Mary , send Peter in , and ask the chancellor to come and explain why he 's spend so much sodd money . ext . garden . french farm house . day . 70 jamie be typing outside in a jumper , putting the finished paper under he coffee cup — it 's a lovely big ramshackle garden , with a lake , even a little waterfall and lake at the end . aurelia take the cup off the pile of paper , to clean it , as she have do before . ( continued ) final JUNE 19/6/02 70 page56 continued : . 70 jamie thank you . but this time , because it 's outside , moving the cup suddenly lets all the paper fly — aurelia leap to grab they — and so doe he ... but the page be flying away — and heading in the direction of the lake at the end of the garden . aurelia o my God . o my God . I be so sorry . jamie ( worried ) o no ... she run and catch some of they — but a huge heap have head into the water ... she get to the water 's edge — hesitate for a moment , and then whip off her dress to reveal just pant and a bra . time slow down . jamie watch . it 's a unexpectedly lovely body under her funny old clothes . jamie ( cont 'd ) ( calling out ) no — do - do - do not do that . they 's be not worth it . aurelia I hope they be worth it . — ~ jamie it 's all just rubbish — please do not ... but she dive in . jamie ( cont 'd ) o God , she 's in ... : aurelia fuck , it 's cold . fuck ! he reach the edge . jamie 0 God — and now she 'il think I be a total spas if I do not ... he hesitate , then whip off he jumper and trouser and dive in ... jamie ( cont ’d ) fuck , it 's freezing . fuck ! they swim around after the floating paper ... ( continued ) final JUNE 19/6/02 70 71 page57 continued : ( 2 ) 70 aurelia this stuff better be good . I do not want to die of pneumonia to save some shit that could have be write by my grandmother . jamie seriously , this be not worth it — it 's not bloody Shakespeare . stop now . stop. enough ... o God - what the hell be that ? as he tread in disgusting mud . int . live room / kitchen . day . 74 CUT to a few minute later in the kitchen , or live room — she 's in he big old dressing gown — he’s just in a towel . jamie I be so , so sorry . aurelia I be so sorry . jamie thank you . aurelia you be welcome . maybe you can name one of the character after I . jamie : I x11 name one of the character after you . aurelia or give I 50 % of the profit . jamie or I could give you 5 % of the profit . aurelia what kind of book be it ? kind . kind . she point to the page and mime laughter , tear & a heart . jamie ah . mime knife ~ murder . aurelia ah — thriller ... murder ... ( continued ) final JUNE 19/6/02 71 72 73 74 page58 continued : 721 jamie yes . si. homicide . murder . aurelia scary ? she mime a scare face ... he mime back a uncertain hand ... jamie sometimes scary ~ sometimes .. ha ha ha !! very bad write , so no - no - not so scary . a slightly awkward pause aurelia I must get back to work . she mime cleaning . and then maybe later you will take I home . she point to 6 o’clock on her watch and then mime drive ... he nods ' yes 's . - jamie my favourite time of day , drive you . aurelia the saddest part of my day , leave you . int / ext . car & french scenery . 72 they drive along . he look at her - her hair still wet . she catch he looking at her . he look away . ext . gallery . day . 73 a sign outside the photographer gallery say '' christmas caper '' int . gallery . day . 74 CUT inside . MARK be nervous — harry and mel be there . MARK I be really sorry about the picture . harry no , they be very ... office party . what 's this one call ? MARK ( very dead pan ) ' vagina 's , I believe . . ( continued ) final JUNE 19/6/02 page59 74 continued : 74 harry and this one ? MARK that 's ' vagina 2 's . as in , vagina number 2 , rather than ' vagina also’ , though , of course , it be also a vagina . karen come over to harry . she 's be at the other end of the gallery . cuT toa karen well , I think it 's the best party venue ever . I particularly like the portrait of the four top . large photo of four black penise o Jesus ~ I have get to go see the scary headmistress — bernie 's in trouble again . harry do not tell I . karen take my advice , mel - do not marry . you give up work , lose you look and pour all you life and love into child who turn out to be total bastard . or certainly the boy do . Nice to meet you . ( to harry ) see you later she kiss harry and head out . and pass , in the door , peter , back from the honeymoon . MARK be thrilled . MARK pedro ! hey ! good to see you . ( they hug ) how be you , you ugly bastard ? peter good . a huge relief to be back — all that sex wear a man out . mel - dangerous perfection as always . ( he spie the photo ) Jesus Christ ! MARK I know . I know . they look at one of the picture — peter I mean , what be go on here ? ( continued ) final JUNE 19/6/02 74 75 716 page60 continued : ( 2 ) 74 a very large penis MARK it 's trick photography . I hope . we all do . ext . school car park . day . 75 karen speed in rather too fast . int . headmistress 's office . school . day . . 76 a slightly scary formal room — the headmistress be there , a very scary , serious , older lady — with a form teacher and her son , grumpy bernard . karen give he a pretty stern look . headmistress Bernard be ask to write a essay for Religious Education about he Christmas wish ... karen right . headmistress a apparently charming subject . but not for Bernard . Mr trench . she hand over to the boy 's r.e. teacher . mr trench we have have some excellent essay . many concentrate on a world at peace ... excellent ... mr trench and there be one very touch one by a young boy with a very sick sister — just wishing that she could for just one day , for Christmas day , be well again . karen I do hope that happen . headmistress I would like you to read you son 's contribution . karen very well ... she be handed a essay . ( continued ) final JUNE 19/6/02 76 77 78 page61 continued : 716 what ? I have to do it here ? headmistress yes . I be sorry , Mrs trevor , but I want you son to face up to what he 's do in front of everyone . karen all right . she start to read — we hear her son 's voice - over and actually see the image he be describe . bernie ( V / 0 ) I have think long and hard about what I would wish for at Christmas — but after long considaration .... karen you 's have mis-spelt ' consideration 's ... bernie sorry ... karen shake her head , disappointed and goe back to reading bernie ( cont 'd ) after long consideration I have decide this be my Christmas wish — that just for one day , you could see people 's fart . CUT back to karen for a second — she look up — they all know what she 's just read — a atmosphere of great gravity ... can you imagine anything more fun ? int . a christmas home . afternoon . 77 a lovely traditional christmas dunner be be eaten - all the family there . bernie ( v/0 ) you get to the end of a huge Christmas meal , and you grandmother let rip — and , at last , for once , she can not blame the dog . a SMALL blue bubble rise up from the grandmother . int . church . night 78 a ideal old country church . : . ( continued ) final JUNE 19/6/02 78 79 80 81 pages2 continued : 78 bernie ( v/0 ) you go to church , and for the first time ever , it 's fun . the place be just bubbling with blueness . large fart out of tiny people - SMALL one out of big people . the choir be all breaking wind . — and then finally , you get the moment we have wait for all we life .. int / ext buckingham palace . day . 79 it 's the queen 's speech , with blue fart in it . queen and we must of course never forget the importance of tradition ... a hugely formal parade ~ her on her horse ~ and the horse break wind . - and the importance of family . then a shot of her and her two son walking through ST jame park . she break wind . int . headmistress 's office . school . day . 80 karen shake her head . karen right — right . I see . that be disappoint . I be embarrassed and almost ashamed . do you mind if I have a word with Bernard outside ... they go out into the corridor together ... int . school corridor . day . 81 bernard sorry , mum . karen I be sorry too , bernie . sorry and ashamed and embarrassed that I have put you in a school with such total and utter prick that they do not get a good gag when they see one . bernard what ? ( continued ) final JUNE 19/6/02 page63 81 continued : 81 karen you hear I . this be high class comedy — this be first rate stuff . ( swelling music ) you be my son — and obviously I be go to love you . but now , I really love you . ( as they walk away , music playing like crazy ) I genuinely think they could develop this you know — if they spray some sort of invisible fart - detect gas into the air , it could happen ... bernard you think so ? karen I be goddamn sure of it . 82 int . record company boardroom . day . 82 a large corporate boardroom : billy be seated , joe be pacing . billy you think so ? joe I be goddamn sure of it . if this lot put a bit of extra cash behind it , we can be number one . all you have get to do be just , you know , butter they up a little - make they realise you be a team player . billy right . cool . be sweet to the suit . joe I be be serious , Bill . you be a genius . I know it . you know it . but we also know that this industry be full of self~ important little shit , and sometimes we need that little shit on we side . billy absolutely . Wise word . profound truth . joe here go . the door open . in come 3 quite hip looking pop executive . two older guy and a younger woman . ( continued ) final JUNE 19/6/02 82 83 84 pageé4 continued : 82 Dave - Alain - gina - wow - good to see you . I be Joe - and this be , well , we know who this be , this be ... billy Mann . billy hey. dave. Alain . and gina . and how old be you , gina - 12 ? 13 ? gina actually I be 24 . how old be you ? billy I be 94 - ever give a very old man a blow - job ? . joe laugh loudly to cover -up the moment . joe well , I think we all know why we be here . the record be great - the video be a Santa - stic sensation - but we just need to work out how to make damn~arse sure that '' Christmas be all around '' reach number 1 . billy absolutely . rock on . I also would not mind find out which of you little fucker say you would chuck I off the label if the single be a flop . ext . french farm house . day . 83 CUT to jamie putting he case and lot of frenchy present - wine and cheese etc in the car . aurelia stand by . jamie Christmas . noel. grando familio . ext . near aurelia 's house . day . 84 CUT to he letting her off at the edge of the town . she be getting out when he stop her . he put forward he hand to shake it . she take it and shake it . then ... aurelia thank you . I will miss you and you very slow type .. and you very bad drive .. he shrug he shoulder — none the wiser . so she simply leans in and kiss he gently on the cheek . and she walk away . he stop and thinks and then sets off again , a little day and confuse . ( continued ) final JUNE 19/6/02 84 page65 continued : 84 then , coming round the corner , suddenly there be a car in front of he — he’s drive on the wrong side of the road . he swerve and just get away with he life . ext . london STREET . night . 85 smart CUT to a busy london STREET , at night ... as the light from the car 's illuminate the sidewalk , we just catch a glimpse of the headmistress from bernard 's school - a lonely figure nervously crossing the STREET . see the outside of mark gallery - harry 's office party in full swing inside . int . gallery . night . . 86 CUT inside . a christmas song plays . the gallery look warm and party-ready . we see karl , surrounded by pretty girl and sarah stand a bit nervously on her own , beside a huge graphic naked photo . she be looking quite lovely herself . mel be looking absolutely devastating , as girl can do at christmas , with a tight red dress and a tiny pair of devil horn . she talk slightly disinterestedly to another girl . harry talk with karen and a friend — then ... karen I suppose I better do the duty round ... harry you be a saint . you see he looking across at fabulous mel and then he goe back to he conversation —~ and surreally quickly , mel be there , tapping he on the shoulder . mel any chance of a dance with the boss ? harry yes , sure , sure ... as long as you boyfriend do not mind . mel not my boyfriend . CUT to MARK — he be talking to a old man , probably a retired partner of the firm ... ( continued ) final JUNE 19/6/02 86 87 _pageé6 continued : 86 old man this be a particularly good one . what 's that call ? a photo with 100 naked people , with no head . MARK I think it 's the mormon tabernacle choir . and then CUT to mel & harry dancing — we 's re aware of karen elsewhere , just talking sweetly to a very dull couple . harry you be look very ... pretty tonight . little pause for you . harry sorry ? mel it 's all for you .. sir . ext . STREET . night . 87 the moving camera move around a dark STREET corner - to find a naked body , curled around a dressed man . it feel like harry & mel outside the gallery back door . then the d.o.p. just appear in shot . then the SOUND of sneezing . tony okay , stop there . give Judy a coat someone . JOHN immediately whip off he jacket and give it to her . judy thanks . you be a real gentleman . JOHN to you ... just to you . he’s obviously developing a bit of a crush . int . gallery . night . 88 the party again . MARK having a sexless dance with a short girl . sarah talking to karen ( continued ) final JUNE 19/6/02 88 page67 continued : 88 sarah I suppose it 's he job to dance with everyone , be not it . karen yes — some more than other . she look across at mel who be talking to harry . then suddenly karl be there . karl just one dance before we run out of chance . sarah who — I ? karl unless you .. sarah no , no — - good — yes - nice - thanks . a perky tune plays ... but the second they start to dance ... a romantic tune begins . they have to get closer and they seem to fit pretty well together . a moment of happiness . int . headmistress 's flat . night . 89 the camera move out and around to a nearby flat . a nice but quite SMALL london mansion flat — mrs monroe , the headmistress from bernard 's school , lets herself in . headmistress hello ... geraldine ( v/o ) aha ! welcome ! the headmistress head in to the kitchen — and call out as she pour a glass of water .. headmistress and how be today ? geraldine ( V / 0 ) 0 , you know . it come in wave . excellent episode of starsky and hutch after lunch — that two be really very bad driver indeed . ( continued ) final JUNE 19/6/02 89 page68 continued : 89 headmistress head into the bedroom where her bed - bound partner be sitting in her pajamas — she be a very sick woman of the same age . you can tell immediately the dynamic of the relationship — geraldine 's the teasing funny one — headmistress be the rock . headmistress here you go . and I have get some lovely sausage for you later . she sit down next to her geraldine and how be school ? headmistress one rather strange incident . mother come in - she son have write a really shocking essay — and she take the boy outside — and leave I & Mr trench wait like a pair of spare part for 10 minute before we realise they have quite simply buggere off . geraldine how splendid . teach you to be so pompous — I bet the essay be excellent . headmistress well , actually to be honest , it do have its amusing side . his Christmas wish be to see people 's fart . geraldine bravo . that 's my Christmas wish too . she laugh — then suddenly get a stab of pain , and lets out a little moan . headmistress . you all right , my love ? geraldine . yes fine — now what about this sausage — they be not all fancy be they — pork and leek and apple and all that shit ? headmistress absolutely not . ( pause ) all right , I x11 pick out the apple . and the leek . and the asparagus . geraldine roar with laughter . headmistress too . love make her lovely . final JUNE 19/6/02 90 91 92 93 page int . car , night . 90 CuT to karl & sarah in a car together — the music plays on .. sarah still in a state of SHOCK . int , bedroom . karen 's house . night . 91 the song continue to play over harry and karen in there bedroom . karen it be a good night - though I feel fat . harry o do not be ridiculous . karen it 's true . : she slip off her dress shyly . she be a little chunky now . karen ( contd ) ( cont 'd ) nowadays the only clothes I can buy be once own by pavarotti . CUT back to harry , watching her . karen ( cont 'd ) mel 's very pretty . harry be she ? karen you know she be , darling . be careful there . int . mela bedroom . night . 92 mel , slipping off her dress in her seductive bedroom . red underwear . startling figure . int , hallway . sarah 's flat . night . 93 later that night . in sarah 's hallway ... karl good night . sarah good night . he kiss her ~ not on the cheek - on the lip . pause . he’s very straight -face . ( continued ) final JUNE 19/6/02 93 94 95 96 page70 continued : 93 karl I do not actually have to go . sarah right . good . that 's good . it 's not that she 's smug about this — it 's the best moment of her life . she just mustn ’t leap up and scream . she tries to play it cool . sarah ( cont 'd ) Excuse I one second , Karl . int . live room . sarah 's flay . night . 94 she goe next door — and scream silently and jump up and down hysterically and gesture to GOD in prayer . and then re - sort herself and goe back into the hallway coolly . int . hallway . sarah 's flat . night . 95 sarah yup , that 's good . why do not you just .. come upstairs ... int . bedroom . sarah' flat . night . 96 she be tidying frantically - then he enter . karl hey ... they move together and kiss . a few moment pass in a dissolve ... she unbutton he shirt . he just look at her . off come the shirt . she put her arm around he shoulder and kiss he neck , then he kiss her again . in bed - she be in just her bra and pant - he lie almost on top of her — he shirt off — but he trouser on . they kiss . then ... karl ( cont 'd ) here , let I take this off . he start to undo he belt . not a graphic sex scene . but what happens next , while concentrating on there face , be that he lie down , and within 20 second she sit up on he . he look up . ( continued ) final JUNE 19/6/02 96 page71 continued : 96 karl ( cont 'd ) pretty girl . soft music plays . she be looking hard at he . then full of shyness , she remove her bra ... and then the phone start to ring . 6 ring . she glance at her watch . it be 12.30 am . . sarah I better answer it . she tip off he to answer the phone , which it 's a scramble to find . the person on the other end be talking a lot . sarah ( cont 'd ) hello . ( ... ) hello , darling . ( ... ) no , I be not busy . no - fire away ( ... ) right. ( ..) raghe ( cresersrenenne ) she look at karl . naked beside her . sarah ( cont 'd ) yes - ( .... ) I be not really sure it 's go to be possible actually to get in touch with the Pope tonight , but ... ( ... ) slowly karl slip sideways , to sit by the bed ... she mouth to he , . ' sorry '. sarah ( cont 'd ) yes , yes — ( ... ) no , I be that he 's very good at ... exorcism . and yes , Paul McCartney might be good too . yes , I x11 definitely look into it ... karl sit up on the side of the bed . sarah ( cont 'd ) okay , bye , bye — I / 1l talk to you later . ( she hang up ) I be sorry about that . no , it 's fine . sarah it be my brother . he 's not well . he call a lot . karl I be very sorry . ( continued ) final JUNE 29/6/02 96 97 page72 continued : ( 2 ) 96 sarah no , it 's fine . I mean , it 's not fine — but it 's what it be . and sort of , there be no parent now and we be over here , it 's my job to .. keep a eye on he . well , not ' job 's — obviously , I be glad to do it . karl of course . of course . it 's okay - life be full of interruption and complication . he leans in and kiss her , and then we have 20 more second of Romance and the phone goe again . she watch it ring . karl ( cont 'd ) will it make he better ? sarah no . karl then maybe ... do not answer ? pause . she look at karl ~ and reach back and answer . sarah hey , how you do ? ( .... ) right. right . karl sit quietly by the bedside sarah ( cont 'd ) Little darling — please do not - we be go to find the answer between we and it will not hurt any more ... ( .... ) and karl put he head in he hand , waiting . sarah ( cont 'd ) no , I be not busy . if you want I to come now , of course I will ... and karl just stare at her and she drop her head . sad music plays . only the bed between they - but they 're world apart . int . bedroom . headmistress 's flat . night . 97 CUT to geraldine fast asleep , but breathing badly . the headmistress in bed beside her look at the ceiling — V. worried . final JUNE 19/6/02 page73 98 int . bedroom . karen 's house . night . 98 CUT to karen , lying awake beside harry . very sad . she know in some way she 's lost he . she look across at he , then back up , a tiny tear gathere in her eye . 99 int . bedroom . daniel 's house . night . 99 the same sad music plays — daniel be in he bedroom , very late . we've caught he at a bad moment ~ he be looking at a picture of he joanna , and be near to tear . the door open - he snap out of it , as best he can — good enough to fool SAM , who enter in he pajamas . SAM I get some terrible news today . daniel let 's have it . SAM joanna 's go back to America . daniel you girl be american ? SAM yes ~ she 's american and she 's not my girl and she 's go back to America and that 's the end of my life as I know it . daniel right , right . that be bad news . we need meg and we need she now . 100 int . kitchen . daniel 's house . night . . 100 CUT to they in the kitchen , in pajamas , eating ice - cream from tub , and watching the end of ' sleepless in seattle 's - first the moment she approach the desk in the empire state and the guy : say ' it 's close 's . then CUT back to the boy - then back to the | end , as meg and tom hold hand and jimmy durante come in ~ ' it 's so important to make someone happy 's daniel though you know , sammy , I be sure she 's unique and extraordinary — but general wisdom be that , in the end , there be not just one girl for each of we . SAM there be for meg and Tom . there be for be for I . she 's the one . ms mere ( continued ) t yw agtstt a 100 101 102 page74 continued : 100 he lift he finger in a distinctive ' one 's movement . daniel Fair point ... but she name 's joanna ? SAM yup . same as mum. spooky . daniel well then , in one way , we be in luck . at least we have the godlike genius of Scott Walker ... SAM who 's he ? daniel listen and learn . int . live room . daniel 's house . night . 101 CUT to they sitting there , listening to scott singing the gloriously melancholic '' joanna '' : during the first line , daniel mime the little piano flurry - but then he begins to join in gently saying the word - then melodramatically miming along to mighty scott . and SAM mime the drum behind . scott WALKER ( v/o singing ) joanna . I can not forget the one they call ' joanna 's we own the summer hand in hand - joanna and now she 's always just a tear away ... Goodbye you , you long lose summer leave I behind you .... int . heathrow airport . day . 102 the next day - heathrow airport : CUT to heathrow airport . tony & colin be just rushing in out of the same rain . tony you x11 come back a break man . colin yeh , back break - from too much sex . CUT on - colin be heading to custom - tony be behind a barrier - they shout these final word ... ( continued ) final JUNE 19/6/02 102 103 page75 continued : 102 ' tony you be on the road to disaster . colin no , I be on shag highway , head west . tony all american girl look exactly like jabba the hutt. colin farewell , failure ! America - watch out ! here come Colin frissell ! and he’s gone . tony walk away , suddenly alone ~ he’s really go to miss colin - doesn't know quite what to do with himself ... int . fairtrade office . day . 103 next day . a slightly post - party mood . harry & mel in he office . harry right . I x11 be back at 3 - Christmas shopping - never a easy or a pleasant task . he head out - but just before he’s gone .. mel you go to get I something ? harry ahm ~ I do not know - I have not think . there's a new sexual tension between they . harry ( cont 'd ) where 's Sarah , by the way ? her nearby desk with that photo on it , be empty . mel she could not make it in today . a family thing . harry there 's a word for hangover I have not hear before . see you later . mel yes . look forward to it . a lot . ( continued ) final JUNE 19/6/02 103 104 105 page76 continued : 103 and he head out , all perplexed by how he’s feeling . int . hospital . day . 104 CUT to sarah and her brother michael . in a high security hospital ward . very bare . a lonely room . he be a terrible version of the young man we saw in the photo on her desk . ghostly , pale , with dirty hair — a different weight , either thinner or fatter . they be just sitting opposite each other . pause . he just look at her . sarah have you be watch stuff on tv . michael no . sarah oo . michael yes . every night . sarah '' good . michael they 's be try to kill I . sarah they be not try to kill you , babe . pause . he slowly lift he hand to hit her . a male nurse move to protect her . sarah take the raised hand and say , very gently ... sarah ( cont 'd ) do not do that , my darling . ext . london STREET . day 105 CUT to harry walking down the STREET ~- it 's all hugely christmassy now — tree and light everywhere . he take out he mobile phone and speed dial . harry so - be you go to get I something ? ( continued ) final JUNE 19/6/02 105 106 page77 continued : 105 mel I think I would make it clear last night . when it come to I , you can have everything . slightly shocked , he pass mark gallery int . gallery ./ peter 's office / juliet 's office . day . 106 we move in to the shop — MARK be also on the phone — two schoolgirls giggle in the background , inspecting the photo . MARK ( to the girl ) actually they be not funny - they be art . ( on the phone ) okay ~ let 's say Thursday at my place . CUT to peter in he office , on the phone . peter can not wait — we have exciting picture of shark - CUT to peter in he office , on the phone . peter ( cont 'd ) — but for now , I have get juliet on the line — can I patch you through — she want to ask you a little favour . MARK sigh . not happy MARK okay — fine . peter thanks . and be nice . MARK I be always nice . peter you know what I mean , marky . try to be friendly . MARK I be always ... funny clicking SOUND . then ... juliet Mark . ( continued ) final JUNE 19/6/02 106 107 page78 continued : 106 MARK hi. ( dutifully ) how be the honeymoon ? juliet it be great . and thanks for the gorgeous send -off . she be making the call from her office . pause . MARK so what can I do for you ? juliet it 's only a tiny favour . I have just try the wedding video and it 's a disaster — it 's come out all blue and wibbly . MARK I be sorry . juliet and I remember you filming a lot on the day - and I just wonder if I could look at you stuff . MARK o no - look — to be honest , I do not really ... while he be talking more and more schoolgirls come in . it 's like the bird in ' the bird 's every time we CUT round , there be 10 more there . juliet please . all I want be just one shot of I in a wedding dress that be not turquoise . you must at least have 10 second of that . pause . the place be now really packed with 50 giggling , uniformed schoolgirls . MARK okay - I 'il have a look - but to be honest I think I might have wipe it , so do not get any hope up . must go . ( he hang up . not happy . address the girl ) okay — very funny . unless you have £ 3,000 and be willing to waste it on total pornography , get out now ... ext . MAIN STREET . day . 107 back to harry now on a big MAIN STREET , on he mobile . ( continued ) final JUNE 19/6/02 107 108 page79 continued : 107 harry so - ahm - what do you need - something along the stationery line - be you short of stapler ? mel no , I want something I do not need . I want something I want . something pretty . harry right . right .... he close he phone — disturbed by this exchange . then spot karen in the crowd and wave . karen sorry I be late ~ have to drop bernie off for rehearsal . harry be he still traumatise by not be a crustacean ? karen he say only total minger believe in angel . quite right . clever child . ' they head into the big store — selfridge as it be ... int . department store . day . 108 karen keep yourself occupy for 10 minute while I do the boring stuff for we mother . she kiss he and head off . he quickly look around — and sees the jewellery section . pause — and head for it fast . reach a counter . sees exactly what he want . there 's a queue . damn . then suddenly , a new voice ... assistant — rufus . look for anything in particular , sir ? he be a very particular looking man , very accurate , slightly camp , with a very particular tie . harry yes ... ahm . that necklace there .. how much be it ? rufus it 's £ 370 . ( continued ) pinal JUNE 19/6/02 pageb’0 108 continued : 108 harry wow . ( this be a moral as well as financial decision ) okay . I x11 have it . thanks . it be a beautiful , delicate gold heart necklace . rufus do you want it gift -wrapped ? harry yes , why not . rufus . indeed . he take the necklace out — and put it down on a little blue pad . then turn , open a drawer , and take out a little BOX . rufus there we go . just pop this in here ... put the necklace on it — placing it tenderly — re-organising it a bit . then get the top of the BOX and put it on . harry excellent . rufus . not quite finish . this make harry a little tense . rufus doesn ’t notice — but goe over to a variety of ribbons . rufus Blue or burgundy ? harry ahm , blue , will be fine . look , if we could be quite quick . rufus certainly , sir . ready in the flashiest of flash . in a very trained manner he cut two feet of the ribbon — wrap it round the BOX — then wrap it round again . then tie it . harry that 's great . rueus thank you , sir — we try to make thing beautiful . ( continued ) final JUNE 19/6/02 page81 108 continued : ( 2 ) 108 harry well , yes , you certainly do . rufus take out some scissor and pull the ribbon to curl it . harry very tense now , but it 's the final flourish . harry ( cont 'd ) that 's great . rufus turn and open another drawer — and take out a see - through cellophane bag harry ( cont 'd ) o Jesus . actually , I do not need a bag — I can just put it in my pocket . rufus this be not a bag , sir . harry really ? rufus no , sir - this be so much more than a bag . he open the bag , turn , and open another drawer , and take out little dried rose — and then some lavender — and sprinkle they in the bag . harry look at he watch — and start to look worriedly at people coming down the lift . harry could we be quick ... please . rufus certainly , sir . prontissimo . and at that moment he mobile ring . harry getting very exasperated now . just a moment , please , sir . ( he answer ) hello - of . o hello , Gabriel - yes , I be sure it be , but I be afraid I '11 have to call you back . bye now . ( to harry ) sorry , sir . now , just .... rufus twist the top of the bag . then he turn around and open another drawer — and take out a four inch stick of cinnamon . harry what 's that ? rufus it 's a cinnamon stick , sir . ( continued ) final JUNE 19/6/02 108 page82 continued : ( 3 ) 108 harry actually , I really can not wait . rufus you will not regret it , sir . harry want a bet looking round more frantically ... rufus ' tis but the work of a second . he twist the cinnamon stick and tie it on . rufus ( cont 'd ) there we go . almost finish . harry almost finish ? what else can there be — be you go to dip it in yoghurt and cover it with chocolate button ? rufus no , sir . just pop it in this Christmas box . harry but I do not want a Christmas box . rufus but you say you want it gift - wrap . harry I do — but ... rufus this be the final flourish , sir ... harry '' God . can I just pay ? he be looking desperately round ... rufus certainly , sir — let 's just pop it in here — and then just attach a little sprig of holly .. harry no ! no !! no bloody holly ! o God — leave it — leave it . ( continued ) final JUNE 19/6/02 108 109 110 page83 continued : ( 4 ) 108 because sure enough , karen be right there . harry bounce away from the counter karen sorry I be late .. hanging round the jewellery section , eh . harry no , just happen to ... karen do not panic - my expectation be not that high after 13 year , Mr but~-you -alway - Love - scarve ... . harry smile , and as they walk out of the store , rufus look after they and wipe he brows . rufus that be close . he turn and just casually disappear . he 's a protecting angel . ext . MAIN STREET . day . 109 karen & harry hit the very christmassy STREET — and pass jamie , now back from FRANCE , of course . he be looking up for a address , or sign - and find it — we see he enter a door leading up to a rather tacky outfit - '' bedford school of language '. he push past a father christmas as he head in . int . film studio / modern flat . day . 110 back at the studio with judy and JOHN . they be back in the modern flat , on a grey leather sofa . director and final position . she be on all four — he’s behind her .. the d.o.p. casually stand behind the pair of they . judy I be really start to panic about Christmas now - do kid still like noddy ? JOHN course they do . I be stick on my 6 year old nephew - what do you think about a rock horse ? judy wonder what make you think of that ..? ( continued ) final JUNE 19/6/02 110 111 112 page84 continued : 110 he laugh . so doe she . he laugh even more — it 's turning into giggle . the director whisper something to tony tony come on , guy , keep it together - concentrate . we be almost out of time . judy sorry . they begin to mime again with commitment . JOHN look , Judy , you would not possibly consider ... judy what ? tony ( interrupting ) okay , that 's it . coat on the stand -in . get ready for the actor . judy what be you ...? JOHN o nothing , nothing ... int . language school . MAIN STREET . day . 111 CUT to a huge , neon lit room . it 's full of people at formica desk listening to tape , with big earphone - we overhear some of the tape , all spoken in very pedantic english , as we pan across 5 people learning english , from every corner of the world . the sixth person be jamie , conscientiously taking note - and it 's not english he‘s learning . it 's portuguese . portuguese voice do you have this menu in English ? o dear .. I have a stomach ache - I think it be the prawn . int . MARK 's flat . day . 112 MARK be at home . he be watching the telly . the doorbell goe . he head downstair , open the door . it 's juliet , clearly just having be to starbucks . juliet banofee pie ? ( continued ) final JUNE 19/6/02 pagess 112 continued : 112 MARK no , thanks . juliet thank God . I buy one slice every Saturday — just one , never two - would have break my heart if you have say ' yes 's . MARK o right . well , lucky you . juliet can I come in ? MARK ah - yeh - I be actually a bit busy but ... they head upstair . he switch off the telly . saturday morning kide tv . juliet I be just pass and think we might check that video thing . I think I might be able to swap it for the pie , or ... ( producing they from her pocket ) wine gum . MARK actually I be be serious - I do not know where it be . i’1 ] 1 have a poke around tonight , and then maybe ... juliet Mark — can I say something ... MARK ( not V. interested ) yes ... juliet I know Peter 's you best friend . and I know you 's have never particularly warm to I . ( he demur ) do not argue . we have never get .. friendly . but I just want to say — I hope it can change . I be nice — I really be . apart from my terrible taste in shoe . it would be good if we could be friend . MARK ( a bit coldly ) absolutely . absolutely . juliet great ... ( continued ) pinal JUNE 19/6/02 page86 112 continued : ( 2 ) 112 she' a little hurt how little he have give back — but it just sum up how little he like her . so she head on again ... MARK do not mean we 'il be able to find the video though . I have a real search when you first call and could not find any trace of it , so ... juliet there 's one here say ' juliet and Peter 's wedding 's - do you think we might be on the right trail ? MARK ah - yes - well - wow - that could be it . juliet well , just finish this ( the slice of pie ) — yum - then do you mind if I just ... ( she move toward the telly ) MARK as I say though , I have probably tape over it ... almost everything have episode of West wing on it now ... why do not I ... CUT to tape go into the video . she sit - he stand . it start with a shot of her coming down the aisle . juliet 0 bingo - that 's lovely . well do you ! hurray . and a shot of her during the priestly STUFF ... juliet ( cont 'd ) that 's gorgeous . Mark , this be just what I be hope for . thank you so much . he pull a resigned , '' well , i'm glad I could help '' face ... back to the tape - outside the church — close - ups of her ... juliet ( cont 'd ) you have stay rather close , have not you ... she look round . MARK now have he hand over he nose — you can just see he eye . he’s looking at her . the music of our film start to take over from natural SOUND ... ( continued ) final JUNE 19/6/02 112 113 page87 continued : ( 3 ) 112 CUT to husband peter 's speech ~ but the camera instantly move to juliet 's divine laughing , blushing face .. all the time . there 's no one else in this video . then CUT to juliet during that first dance we glimpsed — just her face — peter 's nose just coming into frame momentarily once in a while . and then the end of the day , juliet dressed in go away clothes , waving , waving goodbye . the movie music have grown during this ... the tape come to a end — turn into a flicker — she look at he — he look at her . juliet ( cont 'd ) they 's be all shot of I . MARK yeh . yeh . yes ... pause juliet but you never talk to I — you always talk to Peter . you do not like I . pause . nothing impatient here ~ he just can't go there . MARK hope it 's useful . do not show it around too much . look , I have get to get to a ... lunch . early lunch . you can just show yourself out , can not you . ( he head toward the door - then turn ) it 's a self - preservation thing , you see . ext . MARK 's flat . / STREET . day . 113 CUT to outside the house - MARK walk away — sad music plays — after 7 step he hesitate and slowly turn — take two step back to the house — then turn again and head away . he pass a pretty sad SAM , walking along the STREET . the camera stays with SAM . he stop outside a music store . a video be playing . the video of billy pop song in which he be singing - and girl fan be swaying , dressed as santa 's sexy helper , holding up lighter and scream admiringly . ( continued ) final JUNE 19/6/02 113 114 115 page&s continued ; 113 a thought goe through SAM 's mind - he turn and run . int . daniel 's office . day . 114 daniel be there . SAM burst in wearing school uniform . SAM I have get a plan . daniel thank the lord . SAM Girls love musician , do not they ? even the really weird - look one get girlfriend . daniel that 's right . lionel ritchie 's never spend a night alone . SAM whatever , there 's this big concert at the end of term — and she 's in it — and I think maybe if I be in the band and play absolutely superbly , then there 's a . chance that she might actually fall in love with I . what do you think ? daniel I think it 's brilliant . I think it 's stellar . apart from the one obvious , tiny little , baby little hiccough .. SAM that I do not play a musical instrument . daniel yup . a tiny insignificant detail . watch this space , Mr no imagination .. daniel look a bit worried . int . daniel' house . corridor . eve . 115 loud , loud noise of drumming . daniel , all pajama - ed up , very late at night , walk past SAM 's room — from inside which come the SOUND of totally obsessive , repetitive drumming . ( continued ) final JUNE 19/6/02 115 116 117 118 119 page89 continued : 115 the drumming continue — and form the basis of the music over a short montage that sees US getting closer and closer to christmas . ext . various london site . night . 116 christmas tree be put up left , right and centre . in window , outside store , in the window of 10 downing STREET , in trafalgar square . int . fairtrade office . night . 117 sarah putting up a little tree on her office desk - the camera move slightly deliberately over the big , sad african picture behind her . int . arrival gate . airport . wisconsin . day . 118 and the final christmas tree be be put up in the airport of madison , wisconsin . much flurry and then therem colin . radio voice and it 's Christmas week on kwns Wisconsin ... and here 's one for the old folk - apparently bullete up the chart in the old UK - be not that quaint - it 's good old billy Mann - from heroin to ero ... ext / int . cab : madison airport / madison street . day . 119 colin get into a cab ~ colin take I to a bar . taxi driver what kind of bar ? colin dust any bar — just you average american bar . taxi driver se , nothing too classy . colin nope - any old bar anywhere . taxi driver you from England ? ( continued ) final JUNE 19/6/02 ~ pages0 119 continued : 119 colin yes - but do not get fresh . as he drive , he pass house after house with gorgeously tacky christmas neons , santa on the lawn , rudolph on the roof , ~ '' season greeting '' everywhere . finally , though , they pull up outside a really ordinary daggy bar . colin ( cont 'd ) excellent . 120 int . bar . wisconsin . day . 120 he head in — there 's not much go on — he goe to the bar . barman can I help you ? colin yes — I have like a budweiser thank you . barman one Bud come up . a voice from off . girl 1 ( vv/0 ) you from England ? he turn and sees a exquisite girl . just imagine you favourite beautiful female american star .... colin yes . I be from ... basildon . incredibly famous girl cute . ( she call out ... ) jeannie ! out of the shadow come her best friend . it 's another startlingly famous actress . startlingly famous girl yeh . incredibly famous girl this be ... colin Colin ... frissell . incredibly famous girl this be Colin . ( continued ) final JUNE 19/6/02 ) 120 121 122 pageo1 continued : 120 startlingly famous girl cute name . I be jeannie . incredibly famous girl he 's from England . colin yup . startlingly famous girl wait till Carol Anne get here — she 's crazy about English guy . the door open . enter a third legend . startlingly famous girl ( cont 'd ) hey , Carol Anne — this be Colin , he 's from England . third legend . make way , girl — this be my round . hello , gorgeous . colin have a insanely huge grin on he face . someone put a cheerful christmassy song on the jukebox — it bubble up through the next scene ... apparently with the same drum beat that SAM be practicing . int . daniel 's house . corridor . eve . 121 daniel stop at the door of SAM 's room , still drumming . he wince . int . karen 's house . night . 122 karen be coming in , whipping off harry coat ... karen explain to I again why you be so late ? harry o for heaven 's sake , woman - can not a man have any secret ? karen well , hurry up , we have be wait for hour . it 's the first ever preview . she pick up he coat and goe to hang it - in the pocket she feel something - and take it out ~ it be a SMALL flat BOX - she open it - it have a delicate heart necklace in it . she smile and put it back . then head into the live room —- where a now total body - suit lobster and very hip angel await . ( continued ) final JUNE 19/6/02 paged2 122 continued : 122 karen ( cont 'd ) right - '' it be a stormy night in ancient Jerusalem , when a large pink lobster approach a inn ... '' 123 int . underground train . day . 123 a underground train - pan along a group of hip people - they 's re all wearing walkman , or i- tune - they mumble little bit of tune - they bob there head , they wear hood and sweat - shirt . the FOURTH person in line be jamie , much more traditionally dressed . he too be listening to head - phone - but while the other sing and dance - he be talking - try to act convincingly , even if not sounding very portuguese ... jamie boa noite . boa noite ! boa noite !! he‘s also got a lot of christmas present bag in front of he - this be clearly someone who take christmas seriously . 124 jxint . 10 downing STREET . staircase , corridor , drawing room . 124 night . the end of a long day — the pm be looking tire as he wander through downing STREET . all XMAS - decked up for nobody . a single man in a big house . he head upstair , and along a corridor . he finally settle down in front of the tv , parked near a couch in the corner of a too big room . paper in front of he , he turn the telly on - it 's billy mann on parkinson . 125 int . parkinson studio . night . 125 parky well , this must be a very exciting moment for you — fight for the Christmas number 1 . how be it look so far ? billy very bad indeed . westlife be outsell I five to one . but I be hope for a last minute surge . and in fact , if I do reach the top , I promise that I ’1ll sing the song stark naked on tv on Christmas Eve . parky do you mean that ? billy course I mean it , Michael . want a preview , you old flirt ? ( continued ) final JUNE 19/6/02 125 126 127 page93 continued : 125 he goe to unbutton he trouser . parky laugh . the pm laugh too ... int . film studio / bathroom . day . . 126 JOHN and judy in a smart bathroom ... she be miming a blow - job . lighting man still close , fitting a tiny new light . tony excellent . excellent . perfect . hold it there . JOHN look , ahm ... sorry to be a bit forward , but you would not fancy a Christmas drink , would you — I mean , nothing , you know , nothing imply - maybe see something christmassy or something ... — you know - I mean , you obviously do not have to if you do not ... judy no , that have be lovely . JOHN o great . and CUT on to the next position . she sit on he face . JOHN ( cont 'd ) that be really great . normally I be a bit shy about this sort of thing — take I age to get the courage up — so thank you — that 's , well , great . judy well , no — thanks for ask . I be pretty shy too - if a bloke do not make the first move — no move will ever be make .... JOHN I know what you mean ... tony and if you could just lean back for the orgasm now please , Judy . int . bar . wisconsin . night . 127 CUT back to america and colin 's bar . it be now late at night . a christmas song plays on the jukebox . ( continued ) final JUNE 19/6/02 pageo4 127 continued : 127 colin well , it 's pretty late - I suppose I better be go ... third legend shame — where be you stay ? colin ahm , I do not actually know — guess I / 11 just ' check into a motel 's like they do in the movie ... incredibly famous girl that be so cute . startlingly famous girl look , I know this be a bit pushy and we have only just meet — but why do not you come back and sleep at we place ..? colin ahm ... well , I mean , you know — if it 's not too much of a inconvenience ... third legend Hell , no , it have be a pleasure . the only problem be ... colin what ? third legend well ... startlingly famous girl the problem be we be not exactly the richest of girl , so there 's only one little double bed , and no couch — so you would kind of have to share with the three of we ... third legend and on this hot , hot night , it might be kind of crowded and sweaty , and stuff . colin no , no , I think it have be fine . third legend and ... colin and what ? ( continued ) final JUNE 19/6/02 127 128 129 130 page continued : ( 2 ) 127 third legend well , the thing that make it even more of a squish be - you have not even meet harriet yet . colin there 's a fourth one ? incredibly famous girl yeh — you 'il like she — she 's the ' pretty one 's — ( doe inverted commas with her finger ) colin really ? wow. praise the Lord . int . drawing room . 10 downing STREET . night . 128 the pmas pottering around a big room in a dressing gown now , still leafing through he big work pile . he come across a bunch of christmas card .. with a note from he secretary on a post -it note : ' read this ~ a random sample . 's he consider it , then put they aside and work on . int . karen 's house . live room . night . 129 another tree . it 's karen , in a dressing gown and putting a extra gift under the tree , late at night . she come across a square package , gift - wrapped in gold — she smile — it twinkles like the holy grail . there 's a card . she open it . her husband 's hand writing '' sorry I be such a grumpy bugger . merry Christmas , darling . xx bad Harry . '' the package be exactly the size of the necklace case — indeed , she put it up to her throat and smile . int . jamie 's parent 's house . night . 130 a door open . jamie 's sister look , everyone - it 's uncle Jamie . jamie be totally cover in present - he’s bring hundred . instantly 8 family member of all age surround he . huge excitement . he dump all the present and get hugged . ( continued ) final JUNE 19/6/02 130 131 pagesé continued : 130 jamie yes - splendid - lovely to see you all . and .... I '' off actually . jamie 's S mum Jamie ? jamie sorry - a man 's gotta do . he turn tail and leave . int . hospital . night . 131 sarah in the ward with her brother again . sarah do you remember dad and the Christmas pudding ? michael no . sarah every year mum serve it up — say it be a great English tradition . every year he never take a single bite . he just look at her . nothing . then ... michael you use to clear the table for the only time during the whole year because the Christmas top of the pop be on and you could watch it in the kitchen . sarah that 's right . could not wash up enough . wash up my absolute favourite activity for one meal a year . he just look at her stonily . then a tiny smile . sarah ( cont 'd ) I have just realise - mum be a terrible cook , be not she ? michael yes . she be . Egg in a cup . he thinks . look at her . another tiny smile . ( continued ) final jone 19/6/02 131 132 133 134 page97 continued : 131 michael ( cont 'd ) how be you , blondie ? sarah great . everything 's great . he nods . michael I be in hell . sarah I know you be . I know you be , babe . she take he hand . int . MARK 's flat . night . 132 V. late too . MARK watch the end of the movie of '' white christmas '' on the television - all the lead dressed in red and white , singing white christmas , with the real snow falling behind they - rosemary clooney open her present by the big christmas tree as bing crosby look on smiling in he christmas hat . he switch it off . MARK okay . okay . tape-recorder . ext . jamie 's flat . night . 133 CUT to jamie , with a SMALL bag and a coat on — leaving he flat and heading out into the road to catch a taxi . jamie heathrow airport please . ext . flat in wisconsin . night . 134 a little hokey american flat — sexy music — and a woman be silhouetted in the window , clearly taking off a tiny t-shirt — then two more girl enter the shadow , also stripping down . back at STREET - level , a girl walk up to the front door — and lets herself in . she have shoulder length curly hair and gorgeous legs below her micro - skirt . she shout up — in a voice that be almost familiar ... girl 4 / harriet hi girl — I be home . final JUNE 19/6/02 paged 135 int . daniel 's house . live room . night . 135 SAM and daniel watching the great big end of officer & a gentleman , as he sweep her up and carry her through the factory to the SOUND of ' up where we belong 's . daniel that 's very much the kind of thing you should do . have she notice you yet ? SAM no - you know the score in romance - people only get together right at the very end ... daniel of course . SAM by the way - I feel bad I never ask you how you love life 's go . daniel ha ! no . as you know , that be a do deal long ago . unless Nicole kidman call , of course ... in which case I want you out of this house straight away , you little motherless mongrel . 136 ext . london skyline . eve . 136 137 the next day - 6.50 pm . the camera move across london - a radio 1 dj be broadcasting to the nation ... radio 1 do and it 's a rainy Christmas Eve in London town — and the big question be - who be number one ~— be it go to be westlife , or will it be the totally unexpected Christmas sensation from billy Mann ? well , there 's only two record to go in we chart — and this be the first of they . number two at Christmas this year ... ( long , dramatic , milky pause ) it 's ... westlife ... int . record company boardroom . eve . 137 the room , once empty , be totally packed with record people , all go berserk . ' yes , yes , yes 's joe stand near billy . joe we be the champion ! ( continued ) final JUNE 19/6/02 pageg9 137 continued : 137 billy I be the Champion ! joe you be the champion ! a phone goe . the room goe silent . billy answer . radio 1 dj billy ... billy hello . radio 1 dj we be live across the nation and you be number one . how do you feel ? billy well , as you know — I be a enormous fan of westlife and the think of that young chap not get to number 1 , well , it 's a real heartbreaker . radio 1 dj . and you real reaction , Bill ? billy fuck ‘em . I be the king . joe leap in the AIR . and then joe he's the king ! back away in embarrassment . radio 1 dj and how will you be celebrate ? billy I do not know — either I could behave like a rock and roll loser and get drunk with my fat manager — or when I hang up , I will get flood by invitation to a large number of glamorous party . radio 1 dj . let 's hope it 's the latter . and here it be — number one — from billy Mann ... it 's '' Christmas be all around '' . ( continued ) final JUNE 19/6/02 137 138 139 page100 continued : ( 2 ) 137 billy o Jesus — not that crap again ! ( he hang up ) how do you think I do ? joe you be the King of king . not Jesus - you ! gina step forward , holding her mobile . gina Bill - it 's for you . billy take the phone . billy elton . of course . of course . of course . send a very big car and I 'il be there . he hang up billy ( cont 'd ) it 's go to be a very good Christmas . joe , a bit lost now in the crowd of new friend , grins from ear to ear . : int . arrival gate . french airport . 138 CUT to jamie coming through a french airport — looking determine , not carrying any luggage . he actually break into a run for no reason . int . the drawing room . 10 downing STREET . eve . 139 back to the pm — it 's just after 7 pm on christmas eve . still so alone . he spot the christmas card again . it 's raining and dull and he pick they up casually . first a couple of boring one — he turn one over to read the signature , which still doesn ’t make sense upside down . the third one jolt he — it be from natalie . he read it . it say this .... natalie ( v.0 ) dear Sir - dear David - merry Christmas and I hope you have a very happy New Year - I be very sorry about the thing that happen . it be a very odd moment and I apologise and feel like a fool . ( more ) ( continued ) final JUNE 19/6/02 139 140 141 142 143 page101 continued : 139 natalie ( v.0o ) ( cont 'd ) particularly because ( if you can not say it at Christmas , when can you , eh ? ) — I be actually ever yours , with love . kiss kiss kiss - you Natalie . he pause . put it down . re-read it . then , as music start to play , he make up he mind . he leave the drawing room . int . downing STREET - staircase / corridor / inner 140 lobby / entrance hall . niget . he run right through the corridor - down the staircase - through the empty inner lobby and out toward the front door . there 's a security person there . pm I need a car . ext . 10 downing STREET . night . 141 CUT on . he get into the car outside downing STREET — a dark , wet night . pm take I to wandsworth . Harris Street . ext . the thame . night . 142 he big car shoot across battersea bridge . a police car follows it . the camera sweep up and over on to the next bridge , and there , crossing it , be a huge white , elton johnny limousine — with billy inside it , drinking champagne . then it sweep on to the next bridge , and there rushing past be MARK , the best man , in he car ... int . karen 's house . night . 143 CUT on — christmas be really in swing now ~— it 's present -opening time at karen 's. she twinkles in harry direction . karen . now , just one present each tonight . who 's get one for daddy ? harry why do not you take one for yourself . karen maybe I will . perhaps I ’1l1 take this .. it 's harry present . she smile as she start to unwrap it . ( continued ) final JUNE 19/6/02 page102 143 continued : 143 144 145 harry I be afraid there 's only one this year . I have not exactly have a lot of time to go out shopping . karen no — but what you have I be sure you have use well . she open it slowly . it be ... a CD of joni mitchell . karen ( cont 'd ) right . right . well , that 's a surprise . wow . harry think it might be up you street . karen yes. goodness . that 's great . harry my passionate wife . karen ha ! yes . if you do not mind I think I might absent myself for a second . all that ice - cream . darling — could you just make sure the kid be ready to go . she move slowly out of the room with a slightly glaze smile . a slightly mysterious musical SOUND start ... int / ext . pm 's car . wandsworth STREET . night . 144 the pm & he car arrive in wandsworth & turn into quite a short STREET . driver what number , sir ? pm there 's a good question . I have get absolutely no bloody idea . damn . damn . ahm .. o hell . ext . harris STREET . night . 145 hard CUT — he stand at the door of number one , harris STREET — and knock . he have with he a bodyguard , who be five yard away , discreet . a old lady come out . pm hello . do Natalie live here ? ( continued ) final JUNE 19/6/02 page103 145 continued : 145 old lady no . pm right , fine . thank you . sorry to disturb . old lady be not you the Prime Minister ? pm well , yes — in fact I be . merry Christmas . part of the service now . I be hope to get round everyone by New Year 's Eve . old lady o lovely . CUT to he ringing on the next door . the two car always cruising along , following he . a 6 year old girl answer pm hello . wandsworth child hello , be you sing carol ? pm ah , no , I be not . wandsworth child 0 . ( rather depressed ) we have not have a single carol singer this year . mum say there have be carol singer all the time . two other sad little kide edge up next to there brother and look out disappointed . pm well , I mean , I suppose I could . ahm .. '' good King wenceslas look out ... '' ( he gesture toward the bodyguard , who join in uneasily ) '' on the feast of Stephen ... '' CUT - the pm knock on another door . it open . there be mel . and on her neck , the necklace . pm ( cont 'd ) sorry to disturb - do Natalie live here ? mel I be sorry , no - she 's next door . ( continued ) final JUNE 19/6/02 page104 145 continued : ( 2 ) 145 pm o brilliant . mel you be not who I think you be , be you ? pm yes , ' fraid so . sorry about all the cock up — the health service be a absolute 146 bugger - but hope to do better next year . pm straighten he tie and he hair , as he have do for her before , then , in slow motion , he finger slowly move to ring on the bell . finally he reach it and ring it . int . natalie 's house . niget . 146 the door open - and a whole , explosive family be crowded into a thin corridor , all in there winter coat , obviously just second before all go out . it couldn ’t be more awkward — they 's re all there , 7 people — and not natalie . pm hello , be Natalie around ? natalie hasn't see he and be coming from the next room . natalie where the fuck be my fuck coat ? 0o hello . pm hello . big awkwardness — and he be looking a bit like a drowned rat . natalie this be my mum and my dad and my uncle tony and auntie glynne .. pm please to meet you . natalie and this be .. the Prime Minister . mum yes , we can see that , darling some child scuttle around . natalie - and ... unfortunately we be very late . ( continued ) final JUNE 19/6/02 146 147 page105 continued : 146 mum it 's the school nativity concert , you see , David , and it 's the first time all the local school have join together , even St basil 's which be most ... natalie too much detail , mum . dad anyway ... ahm .. how can we help , sir ? pm well , actually I need Natalie ... about some ... state business ... dad right , yes — of course . ( he look at he watch ) right , well , perhaps you should come on later , plumpy ... ( natalie nudge he ) erm ... Natalie ... pm no — look , I do not want you to miss the concert . natalie no , it 's nothing really . mum keith 's 11 be very disappointed . natalie really no — it do not matter ... mum the octopus costume have take I month . 8 be a lot of leg ... pm look — why do not I drive you ? we can talk in the car . : she give he a V. happy look . natalie okay . int . bedroom . karen 's house . night . 147 CUT to karen in her bedroom . she 's just stand there — rigid — listening to joni , playing loud on the CD . ( continued ) final JUNE 19/6/02 147 148 page106 continued : 147 joni moon and june and ferris wheel the dizzy dance way that you feel as every fairy tale come real I have look at love that way . but now it 's just another show , and you leave ‘em laugh when you go and if you care , do not let they know do not give yourself away . a tear fall from her eye , which she wipe away . her hand play with her hair , : I have look at love from both side now from give and take , and still somehow it 's love 's illusion I recall , I really do not know love , really do not know love at all . she tries to smile — and as the song continue , head back to rejoin family life , with smile and kiss and laughter . and a breaking heart . karen come on , my darling — we better be go or we will be horribly late . int . / ext . pm 's car . wandsworth . night . 148 CUT into the pm 's car — there be pm and natalie sitting with the bodyguard and one brother . we see the police car be totally full of family behind . back in the pm 's car ... pause pm thanks for you Christmas card . natalie you 's be welcome . I just think I — ( then out it come in a splurge ) I be so sorry about that day — I mean I come into the room , and he slink towards I and there be a fire and I be just stand there and he 's the President of the United States and ... nothing happen , I promise — and I just feel such a fool because ... you be the man I really ... her brother we be here ! !!! this be the key moment - which way will they jump ? ( continued ) final JUNE 19/6/02 : page107 148 continued : 148 pm look , I better go — the last thing anyone need be some boring politician steal the kid 's thunder . natalie do you have to ? pm yes . although I 'il be very sorry to drive away from you . natalie just give I one second ... 149 ext . school car park . night . 149 she jump out of the car . meantime the school car park be full of action . daniel and SAM be arriving — SAM . carrying drumstick - very determine looking . daniel to make he hair look a little more fashionable . then CUT to judy and JOHN , meeting JOHN 's family . there 's a little nephew there . JOHN 's brother John 's be very mysterious - where do you two meet ? judy natalie come back to the car . natalie come on in — we can watch from backstage . little pause . pm okay . Terry , I x11 be back in a hour . as they step out , as ever with the bodyguard , he pause in a moment of clarity . pm ( cont 'd ) it be pretty important we do not get see . this have to be a very private visit . ( continued ) final JUNE 19/6/02 page108 149 continued : 149 natalie do not worry — this be my school , I know my way around . 150 ext . marseille . night . 150 jamie arrive in he car in a very thin , poor CITY STREET in marseille . he get out of he car , head down and ring on a door bell . a man answer . huge black moustache — about sixty — big belly - just wearing a vest . jamie speak in fluent portuguese . jamie boa tarde , Mr Barros — I be here to ask you daughter for she hand in marriage . I hope that you will give I you permission . mr barros you wish to marry my daughter ? jamie I do . mr barros call back . barros come here quickly — there be a man at the door . through the plastic curtain leading into the next room come a very big portuguese girl . there 's no love lost between father and daughter . mr barros he want to marry you . sophia but I have never meet he before . mr barros do not matter - the sooner I get you out of the house the better . sophia you be go to sell I to a complete stranger ? mr barros who mention ' sell 's - I ’11l pay he . ( continued ) final JUNE 19/6/02 page109 150 continued : 150 jamie abm , excuse I — I be meaning you other daughter — aurelia . mr barros o - I be sorry . my mistake . sophia I get it . this must be the englishman she have be talk about till my ear bleed with boredom . mr barros she be not here . she 's at work . i’1l take you . you - stay here ! sophia o do not be stupid . 151 int . corridor / backstage . school . night . 151 back at school — karen and kide and harry be late - she 's having trouble moving her brood down the corridor . karen ( to harry ) you go get the seat . come on everyone — quick quick . the pm & natalie & the bodyguard also go down a little corridor — in a sort of back stage area .. and then the two partie bump into each other ... karen ( cont 'd ) David ! she hug he . and stays hugging he a bit longer than you'd expect . suddenly the emotion come out . he’s surprised by her intensity . pm hey — hey . karen what the hell be you do here ? pm right ... well ... karen I always tell you secretary 's secretary 's secretary this thing be go on — but it never occur to I that you would actually turn up ... ( continued ) final JUNE 29/6/02 151 continued : pm well , look , it 's a long story and I do not want everyone to see , so I be just go to hide myself somewhere and watch — good luck , Daisy ! good luck , bernie . Heard about you essay - very amusing . bernie ( slightly gobsmacked ) thank you , sir . karen I have get to tell you - I have never be gladder to see my stupid big brother . thank you . pm you be welcome . and now really , natalie & the bodyguard can ’t go on stand there any longer pm ( cont 'd ) this be gavin . and this be Natalie — she 's my ... catering manager . karen well , watch out he keep he hand off you — 20 year ago you would have be just he type . they all laugh . natalie I ' 1l be very careful . ( to the pm ) do not try something , sir , just cos it 's Christmas .. more uneasy laughter . a bell goe — the show 's starting . karen o Christ . show time . see you after . pm well , maybe , maybe . she give he a final hug , and whisper karen thank you , Prime Minister . 151 page110 pm and natalie head off and enter a sort of backstage area , full of rope and pulley . pinal JUNE 19/6/02 152 153 154 155 156 page111 ext . marseille . night . 152 jamie and father and sister be moving through the street . sophia you better not say ' yes 's , father — mr barros shut up , miss lardcake 2003 , they pass another family sitting out .. sophia Father be about to sell aurelia as a white slave to this englishman . the other family follow . they don ’t want to miss this . ext . london STREET . night . 153 CUT to MARK , now cruising slowly ... and parking he car — and getting out after a momenta hesitation . int . school hall . night . 154 CUT into the concert — it 's the climax of a nativity scene . the cast be pointing at the STAR above jesus and singing '' catch a falling STAR '' , a little sign say ' form 2b 's form 2b catch a fall star and put it in you pocket , save it for a rainy day catch a fall star and put it in you pocket , never let it fade away , never let it fade away , never let it fade away .. there be jesus , surrounded by mary & joseph and 3 angel — two of they dressed normally and bad bernard dressed like a streetwise rapper — but with a halo . widen to take in the cast of cow , sheep , and lot and lot of sea creature — lobster , squid , penguin , a octopus , a blue whale etc . int , backstage . school hall . night . 155 we go back to pm & natalie stand there nervously , backstage , glimpsing through a little crack . int . school hall . night . 156 the song end to great applause . karen come on to speak -— mr trench stand beside her . ( continued ) final JUNE 19/6/02 paget 12 156 continued : 156 karen thank you very much . before we finish , I have just like to say to we headmistress Mrs Monroe , on behalf of all the parent , that we think it 's very brave she be here today - in the light of she recent loss . geraldine be a wonderful and wick woman ~ and sorrow be particularly hard at Christmas ... we CUT to the headmistress — she be wearing dark glass . she just nods politely . we also see harry , sorrow-causer . karen ( cont 'd ) so finally , the climax of the evening - Mr trench ... mr trench yes - St Joseph 's top 3 class will now perform they choose Christmas number . the lead vocal be by joanna Anderson . daniel raise a eyebrow - this be her .... back vocal co-ordinate by she mother , the great Mrs Jean Anderson . some of the staff have decide to help , and we ask you to forgive we we sin . thank you . the song begins in darkness ~ the tinkling of innocent christmas bell and then into the spotlight step the lead singer — she be a fabulous 12 year old black girl — a female michael jackson . a slow magnificent start , whitney meet mariah ... joanna : I do not want a lot for Christmas there be just one thing I need I do not care about the present underneath the Christmas tree we CUT round expectant parent — and at one point CUT to mrs monroe — from beneath her dark glass , tear fall gently down her cheek . she doesn ’t wipe they . I just want you for my own more than you could ever know . make my wish come true all I want for Christmas be you ... and then it kick into ' all I want for christmas be you 's , originally sung by mariah carey . it be stunning . ( continued ) final JUNE 19/6/02 page113 156 continued : ( 2 ) 156 she . be stunning . on piano be bad bernie — grinning and now wearing a t-shirt saying ' hell 's angel 's SAM 's monotonous drum suddenly make fantastic phil spector sense - but then he explode into some very experimental riff - he’s damn good ! at one moment daniel look toward he and send back a distinctive ' she 's the one 's finger - SAM nods with a smile . the head of the backing vocal be a mighty woman , clearly joanna 's mum , supported by self -conscious staff member , letting there hair down for the first time this century . behind they a choir of kide . it be a exuberant , fabulous end to the show — some parent start to stand , LED on by joanna 's dad — though daniel and then harry be hot on he heel - eventually everyone be stand ... JOHN and judy be having a particularly funky time , both dancing quite badly . and the pm , quite close to the stage now , peer through the wing amazed at this phenomenal girl — although when someone approach , he tries to hide and fade into the background — still working hard not to be see . he back up into natalie — and in the darkness , there lip come together ... joanna ( cont 'd ) I ' do not want a lot for Christmas there be just one thing I need I do not care about the present underneath the Christmas tree I do not need to hang my stock there upon the fireplace Santa Claus will not make I happy with a toy on Christmas day I just want you for my own , more than you could ever know , make my dream come true — all I want for Christmas be you . you baby ... finally joanna point on ' all I want for christmas be you , be you 's — and at one point she point and stare straight at SAM . it be the moment we / ve be waiting for .... but then - she move on ... SAM 's head drop - he dream defeated . hysteria just before the end — the audience explode into applause ... as the final repeated strain of ' all I want for christmas be you , baby 's we pan along the kide to gleeful bad bernard — who look round and sure enough — he sees mr trench , he r.e. teacher , also bowing , and emitting a bright blue visible fart . bernie smile the hugest smile of all . ( continued ) final JUNE 19/6/02 page114 156 continued : ( 3 ) 156 157 158 finally fake snow start to flutter down on the child and the stage backdrop goe up to reveal the little surprise - a full painted winter wonderland , saying ' merry christmas 's , clearly do by all the child . a slightly bigger surprise be that stand there in the middle of the stage , thinking they be backstage and totally private , be the prime minister and natalie kissing — instantly out come the cameras of every single parent in the school , it be a thunder and lightning of flash .. there be nothing the pm and natalie can do . . pm right . so not quite as private as we would hope ... what do we do .... they stare at each other - then he turn and ... take a little nervous bow . . marseille . night . : 157 quite a large group of people now walking through the backstreet — about 22 of they — they 's ve be collecting at sister sophia 's instigation . they turn out on to the harbour - and then move along to a restaurant facing the water , and burst into it . int . restaurant . marseille . night . 158 there be a proprietor behind the bar mr barros where be aurelia — this man have come to ask she to marry he . proprietor he can not do that — she 's we best waitress . mr barros do not be so selfish , where be she ? proprietor why should I care , if she 's not go to continue work here , the little tart ? and at that moment aurelia back through the door holding three plate of food — she turn and sees jamie stand there . she freeze . and then very gently put the food down — and wipe the en er face back . sheas probably wearing make - up for the time . ( continued ) final JUNE 19/6/02 page115 158 continued : 158 jamie boa noite , aurelia . aurelia boa noite , Jamie . pause mr barros get a move on , mister . jamie beautiful aurelia - I have come here with a view to ask you .. to marriage I . CUT to her . jamie ( cont 'd ) I know I seem a insane person ~ because I hardly know you — but sometimes thing be so transparency , they do not need evidential proof . I have be very honoure if you would make marriage with I , and I will habit here , or you can come and habit with I in England ... : sophia definitely go for England , girl . you might meet Prince William - then you can marry he instead . mr barros ssssh . jamie of course I do not expect you to be as foolish as I , and of co- co - course I prediction you say ' no 's — but it 's Christmas and I just want to ... check . pause as she thinks . sophia o for heaven 's sake say ' yes 's , you skinny moron . CUT back to aurelia and back to jamie . then — because she too have learnt the language of the person she love , in very broken english . aurelia thank you — that will be nice . ' yes 's be be my answer ... easy question . ( continued ) final JUNE 19/6/02 158 159 page116 continued : ( 2 ) 158 mr barros what do you say ? aurelia yes , of course . everyone cheer . jamie you learn English ? aurelia 's ( in english ) just in case . and the band strike up . and the entire portuguese community hug he . including the sister with a huge kiss on the lip . and aurelia and jamie move together and twirl in glorious and glamorous slow motion as they dance into the future ... int . school corridor . night . 159 afterward in the school corridor the atmosphere be explosive and excite ~ the full christmas monty . SAM come up to daniel , not happy daniel hey . great show . classic drum . SAM yeh , thanks . plan do not work though . daniel tell she then . SAM tell she what ? daniel tell she that you love she . SAM no way ! anyway , they fly tonight . daniel even better — you have get nothing to lose - and you 'il always regret it if you do not . I never tell you mum enough — I should have tell she every day ~ because she be perfect every day . you have see the film , kiddo - it be not over till it 's over . pause ( continued ) final JUNE 19/6/02 page117 159 continued : 159 SAM okay ~- let 's do it , dad . let 's go get the shit kick out of we by love ... just give I one sec ... he charge off into a art room just across the corridor ... daniel turn and bump into someone — she be a mother with boy — she look weirdly , suspiciously like nicole kidman , though obviously it isn ’t her ( though , in fact , it be ) — the teeth , or hair colour , something be very wrong . she 's a very independent london mum . nicole sorry . I be a daft , blind cow . daniel that 's okay . my fault . nicole no it be not . you be Sam 's dad , be not you ? daniel yes . well , step -dad . Daniel . nicole I be Carol . Tommy be second trumpet . watch out Louis armstrong , I say . daniel I agree . well do , kiddo - though I prefer Chet Baker . deep pause . the two adult just look at each other . nicole he 's also the gymnast , be not he ? daniel yeh - do not get he the girl , though . nicole we be a very foolish , shallow sex . SAM okay , I be back daniel yes — well — I hope we ’1ll meet again , Karen . nicole Carol . i’1l make sure we do . ( continued ) final JUNE 19/6/02 159 160 page118 continued : ( 2 ) 159 daniel yes. good. merry Christmas . as they walk away . SAM tell she . daniel what ? SAM gesture toward the woman . daniel ( cont 'd ) do not be such a arse . and he look back at her — just as she look back at he — it 's go to happen ... harry and karen be also moving down the corridor with the child . bernie be I fantastic ? karen it be the great piano play I have ever see ~- and I once see rachmaninov play . harry smile at her - she smile back . they walk on , her looking forward . karen ( cont 'd ) you give someone else a gold necklace for Christmas ... I hope you have not give she you heart as well . he lose the colour in he cheek , but keep on walking . harry Karen .... ext . school yard . night . 160 in the school yard . SAM there she be . joanna get into a big car — which instantly drive away . ( continued ) final JUNE 19/6/02 160 161 162 163 164 165 166 page119 continued : 160 SAM ( cont 'd ) o god. daniel we can get there . I know a very cun , if complicated , short cut . ext . london street . night . 161 all of these next scene be on daniel 's exotic short CUT ... so the car whip past a mansion block , and we whip inside ... int . joe' flat . night . 162 and there 's joe in he room — he’s got a bottle of champagne OPEN ~ and he’s drinking on he own , watching billy on tv , he foot tapping like the fan he have always be and still be . ext . london street . night . 163 the car whip past a big white build . int . hospital . night . 164 sarah and her brother — they sit . in the hospital in total silence ~- he , just looking out . she hold he hand . sarah Love you , Michael . little pause michael I know .... ( pause ) do not help . sarah I know . she gently stroke he hair . ext . london street . night . 165 daniel 's car shoot through a suburban STREET , which actually turn out to contain newlywed juliet and peter 's house . int . / ext . juliet and peter 's house . night . 166 inside peter & juliet be sitting watching telly .. it 's the end of ' the bodyguard 's , kevin , whitney and the plane ... the door bell ring . juliet get up to get it . she leave the live room , goe through a little corridor and open the front door . it 's MARK . ( continued ) final JUNE 19/6/02 page120 166 continued : 166 juliet o hello . he mime ' sssssh '. she doe . he have a bunch of big white card , like bob dylan in he famous video . on then MARK have written STUFF in clumsy felt - pen . the first one read ' say it 's carol singers . 's peter ( v/o ) who be it ? juliet .... it 's carol singer . peter ( v/0 ) just give they a quid and tell they to bugger off . MARK bend and push the button on a SMALL boogie BOX at he peet , it start to play a tape of young , bad carol singers , singing ' silent night 's . he’s thought this through . then he produce the rest of the card , one by one : with any luck by next year i'll be go out with one of these girl . a card showing picture of the 4 most beautiful model in the world . but for now , let I say , without hope or agenda , just because it 's christmas and at christmas you tell the truth to I , you be perfect , and my wasted heart will love you until you look like this ... picture of a very , very old woman — or w.h. auden aged 80 — or the last photo of mother theresa - or someone dead . meanwhile - for you he hand her a BOX . not one — but two . ( continued ) final JUNE 19/6/02 l66 167 page121 continued : ( 2 ) 166 she open it ~ it be two slice of banofee pie . he turn over one more card merry christmas and then the final one fatso . he give her a little thumb up — and turn away , taking the boogie BOX , with ' silent night 's getting fainter . suddenly a tap on he shoulder . he turn . juliet have come down the path , and gently kiss he on the lip , he smile and walk away . MARK enough . enough now . ext . judy 's flat . night . 167 CUT to the naked two outside her front door , still fully clothed at the end of there first date . nervous . judy I better be get inside , actually . my mum and ... JOHN yeh — it 's a bit cold , be not it . look , how about I ring you tomorrow ? judy that would be lovely . JOHN o great . great . ( he doe a nervous thumb up to her ) well , night . judy night . it be a lovely , lovely evening . '' all I want for Christmas be you .. '' she point at he . a little laugh . pause . then she leans forward and give a awkward but tender parting kiss . she slip back into the house and close the door — he turn from the door — then leap into the AIR , down the step , ecstatic . JOHN result !!! final JUNE 19/6/02 paget22 168 int . joe 's flat . night . 168 joe be open the door joe what the hell be you do here ? you 's be mean to be at elton John 's . billy yes ~ I be there for a minute or two — and then I have a epiphany . joe really . come in . and what be this epiphany ? as they head upstair and into the flat . billy it be about Christmas . joe you realise that it be all around . billy no , I realise that Christmas be a time to be with the people you love . joe right . billy and I realise that — as dire chance and fateful cock - up would have it - here I be , mid-fifty and without know it , I have go and spend most of my adult life with a chubby employee . and as much as it grieve I to say it , it might be that the people I love be , in fact , you . joe well , this be a surprise . billy yeh . joe 10 minute with elton John and you be gay as a maypole . ( continued ) final JUNE 19/6/02 168 169 170 page123 continued : 168 billy no — I be serious here . I leave elton 's place where there be a hefty number of girl with very few clothes on in order to hang out with you . at Christmas . pause . joe well Bill - I be touch . billy it 's a terrible , terrible mistake , chub — but you turn out to be the fuck love of my life . joe how about that ... billy and , to be honest , despite all my complain — it have be a wonderful life . joe be actually deeply move . joe well , thank you . thanks , man . it 's be a real honour . I feel very proud . he stick out he hand for a sentimental hand -shake . billy 0 , do not be such a moron . and give he a huge bear hug . come on , let 's get piss and watch porn . int . fairtrade office . night . 169 daniel 's car again - it pass a office block - we CUT inside - slightly mysterious midnight mood . we drift across the office and come to the black and white african photo behind sarah' desk - and move into it - it slowly turn into a very mute colour ... ext . africa . day . 170 -+»-and the man begins to move - and then into frame step a beautiful woman . they speak there native language {continued ) final JUNE 19/6/02 page124 ( 70 continued : 170 171 beautiful woman ( tenderly ) come on . there 's nothing more you can do today . african man I feel I have let you down . beautiful woman do not be stupid . as long as I see that big grin on that ugly face of yours from time to time , everything 's fine with I . he grins , a big bad grin . african man we will have to leave . beautiful woman if we have to , we have to . thing could be worse - you could have marry my sister , and we know how slowly she walk . he laugh . she kiss he . and as they walk off , there son move into the picture , and hold he father 's hand . int . departure . heathrow airport . night . 1721 heathrow airport — daniel & SAM be rushing in . they reach the fast track entry point . gate man I be afraid I can not let you through without a board pass . daniel no exception ? not even to let someone say goodbye to the love of he life ? gate man no . another passenger come past . gate man ( cont 'd ) board pass , sir . the man be in great confusion . odd passenger just give I a moment . I know I have get it here — if you have just — could you hold that for a second . ( more ) ( continued ) final JUNE 19/6/02 page125 171 continued : 171 172 odd passenger ( cont 'd ) ( hand gate man he hand luggage ) there we go — now — it 's — if you could just hang on to this — the gate man now have a large hand case and a cape over he arm . SAM spot he chance . he make a run for it — he charge through , past the gate man ~ who doesn ’t see he go ... daniel yes ! odd passenger I be sorry ~— I must have leave it when I be have a cup of coffee . he turn and for the first time we see he face — it be the angel , rufus , from before — and as he walk past daniel , he gently disappear ... int . inside departure . heathrow . night . 172 meantime on the other side , hell be breaking loose — SAM run through security — everyone be go crazy after he — he run — he dodge — he leap on conveyor belt . and all to the epic magnificent continuation of scott WALKER singing ' joanna 's ... . and the music from the end of ' officer and a gentleman 's and ' sleepless in seattle 's and dirty dancing , and ' love be all around 's ... it 's every end of every romantic film . then , surrounded by guard , he seem cornered . but not so fast — remember — gymnastics be SAM 's strength . he gorgeously flip flop he way out of trouble , and cartwheel through the airport . eventually he sees gate 36 . when he get there the room be almost completely empty ~ and joanna be just go through to the plane ... but a sturdy security guard and a hostess stand between he and her . he’s stumped - till suddenly they turn - noticing that up on the television screen , billy be starting to take he clothes off as he perform he song . billy be playing christmas be all around , increasingly naked . SAM take he chance and nip in . there 's only he and joanna in the whole long room . total silence . then ... SAM joanna . joanna Sam ? ( continued ) final JUNE 19/6/02 page126 .72 continued : 172 173 SAM I think you do not know my name . joanna course I do . you be the guy who do the handsprings . and the great drum . joanna' dad you the drummer ? ( SAM nods ) unbelievable . : joanna 's S mum why be not any of we tell the truth here - it be goddamn unbelievable joanna what be you do here ? SAM ahm .. ah — well — of Jesus — now all he pursuer have arrive . I have get to run . take this .. you know what it mean .. think form 2b . he reach into he pocket and take out of it ... a handful of silver sparkle , like kide sprinkle on glue . and then he run away ... she watch he springing free joanna 's dad come on , jo. she look down at the sparkle in her hand , as they head toward the plane . then gently — this plays ... catch a fall star and put it in you pocket , save it for a rainy day catch a fall star and put it in you pocket , never let it fade away . int . departure . night . 173 we CUT to SAM , be LED out , past fast track , by guard to a waiting daniel ... then he get a tap on he shoulder . he turn — it 's joanna — she kiss he on the cheek . then she turn and run back immediately . he grins like a madman . he doe the big ' one 's gesture at daniel , and rush to he . daniel lift he in the AIR and hug he . for love may come and tap you on the shoulder , some starless night ( more ) ( continued ) final JUNE 19/6/02 173 174 page127 continued : 173 joanna 's dad ( cont 'd ) and just in case you feel you want to hold she , you will have a pocket full of starlight , from SAM 's pocket in slow motion pour the silver sprinkle - there starlight .... the camera move off they , and through the airport ... a caption say : a month later ... int . arrival gate . heathrow airport . day . 174 it be the arrival gate . the normal gaggle of people be waiting - lot of they driver with name on little board — but a lot of real friend . no - one we know . then the first person come out of the arrival gate — someone rush forward to hug they . then ... billy step out — he have a gorgeous six - foot blonde with he . joe step out of the crowd and come and take he bag , and kiss the hand of the blonde . CUT to daniel and SAM waiting — and ' nicole kidman 's then appear and hand daniel the cup of coffee she' just bought . tony be also waiting - he’s tapped on the shoulder - there with there luggage and huge grins be judy and JOHN JOHN hey ! what you do here ? tony o just wait for a friend ~ what about you guy ...? she wiggle a engagement ring on her finger - they couldn ’t be happier . harry come out & look around — seem to be no - one there — then from behind someone slip karen , smiling , dutiful . and there be the kide carrying a sign - ' welcome home dad 's - about which grumpy bernie look distinctly grumpy . next out be jamie and the radiant aurelia . peter and juliet there to greet he . jamie well , here she be — this be aurelia . this be Peter and juliet . peter welcome to we cold and bitter country . ( continued ) final JUNE 19/6/02 paget28 174 continued : 174 jamie 0 , and Mark , I do not see you . for indeed , he be there , hanging behind . MARK yeh , just think I have tag along . aurelia : Jamie 's friend be so good look . he never tell I this . I think maybe now I have make wrong choice , pick wrong englishman . jamie she ca-ca - can not speak English properly , she do not know what she 's say — she do not in fact mean that at all . they laugh . then it be joanna , the little girl — SAM break through , run to her — then realise he have to hold back and shake her hand vigorously . daniel and nicole be amuse . then we see tony in the crowd — and he finally sees american colin and wave . colin sees he and wave back ~ give a big thumb up — and point backward — and through the door come he new girlfriend . she be harriet ~ though she be , in fact , the most beautiful american STAR . colin this be harriet . tony hello , harriet . harriet hi — really pleased to meet you . colin how have you be , you old loser ? tony 0 , you know - bit of this , bit of that . bit lonely actually . colin excellent . look , we could not crash at you place for a day or two could we ? ( continued ) final JUNE 19/6/02 174 page129 continued : ( 2 ) 174 tony well , I suppose so ~ though you know it 'il have to be on the couch , I have just get the one bed ... colin ah ... petit problemo ... tony what ? harriet well , the thing be , tony — I know this be really naughty of I , really wick , sinful - but I also bring my sister ... tony ( not very happy ) ah ... and harriet gesture backward — coming through the custom be the fifth staggering and famous american woman . we all call her carla ... harriet well , she 's my half -sister ... tony o right . carla hello , you must be tony . she kiss he full on the lip . tony yes , I be ... tony ... clopton . hi. carla I hear you be gorgeous . tony yes , well , welcome to England . look forward to have you stay . no rush to leave . I hope you 'il be happy with the sleep arrangement . so ... America be ..? colin so great . then a big stir and the prime minister come through , surrounded by quite subtle security people . ( continued ) final JUNE 19/6/02 page130 174 continued : ( 3 ) 174 after a tiny pause , natalie rush through the crowd and hug he with total love , throwing her legs round he waist — flash of s50 waiting paparazzi flash . pm ( whispering ) God you weigh a lot . natalie o shut up - if you can carry the weight of the nation 's woe , you can damn well carry little old I ... music start to build up to a climax . then the door open again , and out step a middle - aged woman we haven't see before , and her older husband step out and grab her and swing her around . she laugh . then a hippy looking man — and he hippy girlfriend charge out from the crowd ... then a mother come out — and a father and three child rush toward her . we 's re back in the world of normal people — with love actually ... all around . final JUNE 19/6/02