loveless oleg negin , andrey Zvyagintsev loveless 1 . ext . school build . day School 's out for the day . student file out of the building , some alone , some in small group . alyosha sleptsov ( 12 ) and misha kuznetsov ( 12 ) , obviously pal , leave the school , carry they backpack . they reach the edge of a large wood ravine that split the area into two and take leave of each other with a complicated handshake that include finger sign and fist bump , and culminate with the boy poke each other in the shoulder . then , misha head along a path that skirt the ravine towards some high - rise building , while alyosha take another trail straight down into the ravine . 2 . ext . ravine . day the trail take alyosha to a paved footpath sparsely edge by street light and bench stand next to trash can . alyosha walk a little way along the footpath , then take another trail that veer off to the side . he make he way through bush and tall thicket of deadwood , and finally reach a riverbank . he follow the river for a while , then duck back into the thicket and return to the paved footpath , which veer sharply up a hill towards some high - rise nearly identical to that on the opposite edge of the ravine . 3 . ext . sleptsovs 's build . courtyard . day alyosha walk past a high-rise building with multiple entrance . he turn and approach one of the entrance , press a plastic key fob against the lock on the metal door , pull the door open , and disappear into the dusky entrance . the door close slowly on its automatic hinge , clunking loudly as it catch on the magnetic lock . 4 . int . sleptsovs 's place . alyosha 's room ( view from the window ) . blue hour overcast evening . below the seventh - floor window , wood stretch as far as the eye can see under a dirty sky . a large satellite communication antenna loom over the forest in the center of the shot , its dish angle straight up , ' observe 's the sky . the cloud above reflect the red light atop the antenna . 5 . int . sleptsovs 's place . alyosha 's room . blue hour alyosha be sit on a chair at he desk set up right under the window . as if ina trance , he stare with unsee eye at some distant fix point on the horizon . he be alone in he room , supposedly do he homework : he sixth - grade physics textbook be propped up ona desktop book stand before he ; a grid notebook be open to a blank page ; a pen be clasped loosely in he hand . a little off to the side , on the corner of the desk , sit a bulky laptop with a batman sticker on its close lid . besides the desk , the room be furnish with a closet , wall bar for work out , anda bed . a incredible poster be tape directly to the wallpaper above the bed . the door to the room be slightly ajar . the doorbell trill out in the hallway , jolting alyosha out of he reverie . he peer at the textbook and begin to write in he notebook . his mother zhenya ( 36 ) , a well - groom and shapely young woman , peek into the room . she be dress in a t-shirt and workout pants . zhenya they be here to look at the place . tidy up you room . 6 . int . sleptsovs 's place . entrance hall . blue hour zhenya glance at herself in the entrance hall mirror , straighten she hair , and open the door to reveal three people : a female realtor ( very young look 45 ) , a middle - age businessman , and a young woman ( 27 ) . realtor good evening . zhenya even ! with a blind smile , she usher they inside . alyosha close the door to he room and return to he desk . 7 . int . sleptsovs 's place . kitchen that open into a balcony . blue hour with a quick glance at the kitchen , zhenya , the realtor , the businessman , and the young woman enter the glass - panele balcony . the businessman open one window pane , poke out he head , and look down . realtor it 's a great neighborhood . clean air , a metro station open soon , a shopping center nearby ... zhenya ( jump in ) anew church , just recently build . businessman ( close the window ) that 's good . what about the neighbor ? zhenya they be quiet . businessman why be you sell ? zhenya we be get divorced . businessman sorry . zhenya no worry . 8 . int . sleptsovs 's place . hallway . blue hour the realtor , zhenya , the businessman , and the young woman exit the kitchen into the hallway . businessman ok , what 's next ? dn ealtor bedroom . the businessman and the young woman disappear into the bedroom . businessman ( from the bedroom ) how big be it ? dn ealtor hundre and fifty . businessman and the live room ? realtor two hundred and thirty - six . come look . the businessman and the young woman re-emerge into the hallway and enter the live room . 9 . int . sleptsovs 's place . live room . blue hour the businessman and the young woman enter the live room , look around , and nod . the young woman cross over to the window and look over the neighborhood below . 10 . int . sleptsovs 's place . alyosha 's room . blue hour as zhenya , the realtor , the businessman , and the young woman enter he room , alyosha ignore they studiously , lean over he desk and write in he notebook , he tongue stick out with the effort . zhenya approach he and nudge he lightly on the back of the head . zhenya say hello to we guest . alyosha ( not turn around ) hi. zhenya he 's 12 , about as untamed as they get . businessman areal man then . zhenya yeah , right . cries at the drop of a hat . alyosha Mom ... zhenya do not '' Mom '' I . how many time do I have to tell you ? alyosha get up and leave the room . businessman ( to the realtor ) remind I , how many square foot in total ? realtor ( uncertainly ) twelve hundred and ten ... she look at zhenya for confirmation . zhenya nod . 11 . ext . neighborhood park . blue hour zhenya ( dress in a track suit ) jog along a path through the park . 12 . int . sleptsovs 's place . kitchen that open into a balcony . night atv atop the fridge be play a reality show , with the sound turn down lw . zhenya be sit at the table with a glass of wine in she hand , scrolling through she iphone 4 . the front door lock click as someone open the door and enter . zhenya show no reaction . a few moment later , boris ( 42 ) appear in the kitchen door . boris hey . take a break ? zhenya what do you care ? boris never mind . he open the fridge , look inside , then close it and step away to lean he butt against the countertop next to the sink . boris so , do anyone come ? zhenya nod without look up from she phone . zhenya Said they have to think about it . boris I see . he look down at he foot , clad in white ikea slipper . he push himself away from the countertop with he arm , return to the kitchen door , and pull it close . boris what about you ... do you think about it ? zhenya lift she exhaust eye to he face . zhenya about what ? boris ( return to the countertop ) you know ... you be he mother , after all ... zhenya I be so sick of you crap ... boris he need he mother more . zhenya actually , at he age , he need he father more . though maybe not the kind of father you have be . she take a gulp of wine . zhenya he love summer camp . he will love the child 's home too . same thing . boris heave a deep sigh and shake he head . zhenya and next thing you know , he will be draft age . better start get use to it . well , what do you think , you could pull the ol 's hump and dump , and move on ? shit everywhere and leave the woman to clean it all up ? no. I be move on too . that 's equality for you . boris they be go to pester we to death ... zhenya who 's go to pester you to death ? you can pester with the best of they yourself . boris juvy officer , social worker , I do not know , child psychologist ... protective service , for fuck 's sake . zhenya so take he , and no one will bother you . boris they will be go after you more . you be he mother . zhenya oh , so it 's I you be worried about ? how nice . juvy officer ... they will be only too happy . it 's like pull a baby from a fire . his home , he family , all go , but he be safe and sound . all thanks to the heroic effort of child protective service . she get up from the table and step out into the balcony , leave she phone behind . in the balcony , zhenya throw one of the window wide open , retrieve a pack of cigarettes and a lighter from the windowsill , light up , take a deep drag , and blow the smoke out of the window . still lean against the countertop , boris crack open a cabinet under the sink , see a empty wine bottle next to the trash can , and close the cabinet again . after amoment 's hesitation , he cross over to the table , and he hand shoot out to quickly push the home button on zhenya 's phone . the phone light up with the password screen : it 's lock . boris leave the phone where it be , turn away , and join zhenya in the balcony , stop just across the threshold . boris maybe you should talk to you mother one more time ? zhenya right . better yet , you talk to yours . we will call a psychic , do a séance . ( flick ash out of the window ) I already talk to she . do not need any more of that , thanks . boris heave another sigh and shake he head . boris if the beard find out ... zhenya ah , so that 's what you be so afraid of ! silly I , I think you be worried about you child . would be a hoot , though , if they can you from you precious job . I bet they would , too . for send you own son to the orphanage . how un - Christian of you . how un - Orthodox . the beard will never stand for it . that will be hilarious ! what be you go to do then ? boris stop it . zhenya listen to you ! so decisive ! ( take a frenetic drag on she cigarette ) what be you stare at ? quit gnash you tooth ! boris ( after a pause , quietly ) I be so sick of you shit ... zhenya bastard . boris when do we tell he ? zhenya we ? what do you mean , '' we '' ? you tell he . tell he whenever you want . ( flick the cigarette out of the window ) do it now , if you want . wake he up and tell he . she return to the kitchen , step over to the table , drain the wine from the glass in one gulp , and walk out of the kitchen with a look of nonchalance , leave the door , which open out into the hallway , wide open . 13 . sleptsovs 's place . hallway . night zhenya walk down the hallway and enter the bathroom . we hear she urinate , flush the toilet , and wash she hand . she emerge from the bathroom and return to the kitchen , close the door behind she this time . out in the hallway , the door close to reveal alyosha , who have be hide behind it , dress in a tank - top and underwear . he must have be stand there all through he parent 's conversation . his face be stream with tear ; he seem to be shrink into the wall . zhenya ( 0.s. , from the kitchen ) that 's it , case close . do not bring this up with I again . get it ? in fact , do not talk to I at all . I can not stand the sight of you or the sound of you voice anymore . when be you move out already ? if you be too cheap , I will pay for the mover myself ! why be you still hang around here ? it 's over , you understand ? over ! alyosha drag himself dejectedly back to he room and close the door . boris ( 0.s. ) I have the same right as you ... zhenya ( 0.s. ) yes , yes , you have the right ! you will get yours , one way or another ! she fling open the kitchen door , walk quickly down the hallway , iphone in hand , and disappear into the bedroom . 14 . int . sleptsovs 's place . kitchen . night alone in the kitchen , boris look at the knife block sit on the countertop , matte metallic knife handle protrude invitingly from it . he retrieve a large knife , place it on the countertop before he , then , after a slight pause , open the bread box , take out a loaf , cross over to the fridge to retrieve some lean sausage wrap in cling wrap , and make himself a sandwich . he chew it absent mindedly , stare at a fix point ahead . 15 . int . sleptsovs 's place . hallway . night boris turn off the kitchen light , walk down the hallway , and disappear into the live room . Inside the room , he switch on the light and close the glass live room door that have stand wide open until now . a short time later , he turn off the light and lie down on the couch . it squeak audibly underneath he . 16 . int . sleptsovs 's place . kitchen . day Morning . the kitchen tv be play a morning talk show . alyosha , wash and dress , be sit at the kitchen table , poke at fry egg on he plate with a fork . a mug fill with tea stand next to the plate . zhenya , wear a bathrobe but already in full makeup , be lean with she butt against the countertop , flipping through she iphone . alyosha do not want any more . zhenya ( without look up ) finish it . what be I suppose to do , throw it out ? alyosha be not hungry . zhenya glare at he , she head lower . zhenya drink you hot chocolate . what 's up with you ? be you sick ? alyosha be not sick . zhenya Fine , leave it , I will clean it up . alyosha slide out of he chair and leave the kitchen . zhenya no '' thank you '' ? alyosha ( from the hallway ) thank you . zhenya put she phone down on the countertop , cross over to the table , retrieve the plate of unfinish egg , take it to the trash can , and tip the remain egg away . she open the dishwasher and slide the plate inside . 17 . int . sleptsovs 's place . entrance hall . day dress in a hood jacket , alyosha pull on he shoe , swing he backpack over he shoulder , open the front door , and step outside . the female talk show host 's voice waft in from the kitchen , along with the clatter of dish as zhenya load the dishwasher . 18 . int . sleptsovs 's build . stairwell . day alyosha close the door behind he and walk past the elevator and down the stair . for a long while , he run down the stair , hopping noisily and enthusiastically over two or three step at a time . 10 19 . int . sleptsovs 's build . first floor landing . day alyosha reach the first floor and burst out of the building entrance , red-face and with he jacket flung open . the metallic door close slowly behind he on its automatic hinge , and the magnetic lock close forcefully . 20 . int . boris 's car . moscow ring road . day behind the wheel of he low - cost foreign car , boris be languish in the Moscow traffic . the car radio be tune to a abrasively energetic morning show ona Russian pop station . the program be dedicated to the loom end of the world predict by the mayan cakndar . the anchor 's mindkss chatter give way to a Russian dance hit from late summer 2012 . boris tap nervously on the wheel , completely out of time with the song . 21 . ext . moscow ring road . day the traffic be move at a crawl . 22 . ext . sidewalk outside office build . day boris park on the sidewalk in Moscow 's business area , literally squeezing he car into a tight spot between two other vehicle . his bag sling over he shoulder , he walk quickly towards the building , then break into a jog . 23 . int . sale office . day boris exit the elevator , pass through wide glass door with the word sale office write in gold against a blue background above , and hurry down a aisle between cubicle partition . he duck into he own cubicle , drop into the chair at a desk hold a monitor , keyboard , and headset with microphone , boot up the computer , then take the bag from he shoulder , put it into a desk drawer , and pull on the headset . 24 . int . self -serve cafeteria . day one wall of the cafeteria be decorate with a large , colorful painting of Jesus feed the multitude with two fish and five loaf of bread . boris walk along the self - serve line , place food on he tray . he pay at the register and head towards a specific table , already occupy by another man ( coworker , 45 ) with a tray . 25 . int . self -serve cafeteria . table . day boris and the coworker eat they lunch without remove the plate from they trays . the coworker stare at he smartphone lie on the table next to he tray as he eat . boris be lose in think . boris ( after a long pause ) do you think the world be really go to end ? coworker definitely . ( chew he food carefully and poke at he tooth with he tongue ) how 's work ? any lead ? 11 boris shrug uncertainly . coworker the Lord teach we to share . boris Fine , I will have something for you by tonight . maybe . coworker it 's a win-win , trust I . boris pick up he glass of fruit juice and take a sip . 26 . int . beauty spa . treatment room . day nake from the waist down , zhenya be lie face up on the waxing tabk at the spa . a young female cosmetologist ( 30 ) in a white lab coat apply hot wax to zhenyas pubic area with a spatula : one strip , then another , and another ... she tear off the strip , and zhenya yelp . zhenya ouch ! cosmetologist oh , come on . zhenya it hurt ! really ! cosmetologist it have not even grow back yet ! you can take it . zhenya so get this ... last night , my ex ... cosmetologist what ? zhenya get himself all work up , worried . cosmetologist good . let he worry . zhenya so miserable , poor thing . cosmetologist he should be miserable . they be great at make a mess , but when it come to clean it up ... 12 13 zhenya you think he 's worried about the kid ? right . that will be the day ! he 's get debt hang over he head . terrify he will get boot from he job because of the divorce . can you believe it ? they boss man be this radical Orthodox Christian type , a total bible - thumping whack job . cosmetologist lift you leg . a fundamentalist ! zhenya exactly . full - on beard down to here , tailore traditional shirt , nice shoe , brioni suit ... cosmetologist that 's one classy fundamentalist . zhenya you can say that again . have they all under Christian sharia over there . only ever hire family man with child , all baptize Christians , of course . the New Year office party always fall on a fast . so naturally , not a bite to eat , and all very understate . oh , and we spend a couple of vacation on pilgrimage tour of monastery . cosmetologist yeah , I remember , you tell I . so what , sound fun . exotic . zhenya yeah , right . I be bored to death . cosmetologist other leg . zhenya at least the money be good . anyway , I can see he 's get really worried now . cosmetologist could they really fire he ? zhenya who the hell know . I hope so . cosmetologist but what about child support ? zhenya ouch ! be you try to maim I ? cosmetologist okay , okay , calm down . the cosmetologist squeeze some soothing oil into she palm and rub it into the freshly wax area . cosm flip over . etologist zhenya flip over onto she stomach . the cosmetologist lather hot wax into she butt crack . cosm a friend of mine have this sport . Z no kid . cosm etologist boss who 's into , get this : extreme henya etologist yeah . he be always take they kayake , or skydiving , or ski jump ... Z ski jump sound cool . cosm henya etologist I do not know . my friend bust she knee the first time . spend half a year in a cast . Goodbye tendon ! Z yikes . cosm henya etologist she say some of she coworker even buy doctor 's note online : you know , to say they have a weak heart or high blood pressure , or whatever ... Z so what happen ? cosm he fire they ! Said , if yo damn ... cosm henya etologist ure sick , go to the hospital . henya etologist so prayer and monastery be not so bad - it could be much ' worse . 14 zhenya yeah , I guess . though as far as I be concerned , vacation mean the sea , the beach , a nice hotel ... all inclusive ! cosmetologist you have good taste . 27 . int . beauty spa . hair salon . day zhenya be sit in a salon chair in front of a mirror , swaddle in a black sheet up to she neck . a female stylist ( 40 ) , scissors and comb in hand , be tinkering with she hair . stylist ( obviously continue they conversation ) and how do you new guy feel about all this ? zhenya Fine . he 's actually very progressive , you know ? stylist well , he 's rich and healthy ... why not be progressive ? zhenya knock on wood . zhenya poke a hand out from under the sheet , lean slightly forward , and knock on the shelf under the mirror . stylist do not worry , I do not have the evil eye . zhenya I be not even really superstitious . it 's sort of a habit , you know , just in case . the stylist nod , brush zhenya 's hair . stylist be he divorced ? get any kid ? zhenya he 's be divorced for three year . have a grow - up daughter . she 's study abroad . in Portugal , I think . Works , too . stylist how old be he ? zhenya forty-five . 15 stylist good age . but he look young . zhenya he do tai chi , do not smoke , almost never drink ... stylist now I be really get jealous . how be he get along with you boy ? so , I will even it out in the back ? zhenya yeah , go ahead . he 's not ... I feel like the boy hate my gut . and he will not even hear of meeting the guy . the older he get , the more he become like he father . he 's even start to smell like he . stylist secondary sex characteristic . he 's grow up . what do you expect ? that he have stay you little angel forever ? zhenya he be never a little angel . he 's always be so prickly . almost rip I in two during labor - he do not want to come out . take a full day . stylist oh goodness gracious ... I have get my own stupid cow , too . I look at she and it pain I to see it : she 's just like she daddy ... I hope he 's drunk himself to death by now in that goddamn slum of he . but she 's not into that , | mean , she do not drink . I tell she outright : I will kill you if you ever do . no , I be talk about she personality . actually , it 's not even she dad she 's like : more like he mother . and that 's one major bitch , let I tell you . with a swift motion of she hand , the stylist capture a lock of zhenya 's hair with the comb and use she scissors to trim the end . 16 zhenya how old be you daughter , I have forget ? stylist nineteen . Dumb as a board . I mean , she have some smart : she finish high school , pass she exam ... but she refuse to keep study , and will not budge . out at all hour , do God know what . I tell she , you get knock up , do not count on I to help . and she 's like , '' I use protection '' . can you believe that ? zhenya thank God for that , at least . stylist I do not know what she plan to live on . no profession , no ambition ... | ask she , what do you want to be ? and she say , I want to go into parliament . so I say , go get a education while you still can then . and she say , you do not need a education to be in parliament . and that 's that . what can I say to that ? 28 . int . beauty spa . reception desk . day a female client ( 55 ) , do she best to look young , and a cute female receptionist ( 35 ) trade compliment across the reception desk . 17 receptionist you look wonderful ! client really ? ( take a few step to the side , towards the mirror , and examine she new look ) I keep think it might be too short . receptionist no , it 's absolutely perfect ! it look great on you ! client you think so ? thank you ! you be very kind . how much do I owe you ? receptionist Three and a half . client what do you mean , three and a half ? you website say three . receptionist we rate change . client when ? just now ? receptionist Day before yesterday . client that 's when I make the appointment . the website say three . receptionist you know , I do not deal with the website . client well , you know , I want to speak to you manager . receptionist sure , go ahead . client do not talk to I like that ! receptionist like what ? what do I say ? client call the manager ! and give I you complaint book ! receptionist one moment . the receptionist lift the landline phone receiver and dial a number . 29 . int . beauty spa . manager' office . day zhenya be sit at the desk in the manager 's office , stare at the computer screen . her iphone buzze and vibrate on the table . she pick it up , glance at the screen , and take the call . zhenya hello ... yes , I see . I will be right there . she put the phone back down , and she eye return to the computer screen . she grab the mouse , move it around the table , click a few time , then finally get up , take she phone , and walk out of the office . 30 . int . beauty spa . day zhenya cross the hair salon . some of the chair be occupy . most of the hairdresser and client be woman : all but one male stylist and he male client . 31 . int . beauty spa . reception desk . day zhenya arrive at the reception desk just as the client finish she tirade in the complaint book . she end the complaint with a period and practically throw the pen on the desk . zhenya good afternoon ! how can I help you ? client I need you to explain to I , my dear , why you website list one rate , and you people charge another ? zhenya 18 which service do you purchase ? receptionist a haircut . with filippova . client when I make the appointment the other day , you website list 3,000 as the price . and she 's charge I three anda half . I come here a lot to get my hair do and use some of you other service , and this have never happen before . never . zhenya nod with understanding . zhenya I be very sorry . we rate have go up , and the website have now be update . but you be right , it be out of date the day before yesterday . it 's we mistake . you be still entitle to the old rate . the client visibly relent and settles she account , place three 1,000 - ruble note on the desk while pointedly ignore the receptionist . client ( to zhenya ) I hope this do not happen again . zhenya of course . thank you very much . have a good day . client Goodbye . she turn around and head towards the exit . zhenya see she to the door , then return to the reception desk . zhenya I tell you this morning , you have to warn they about the rate . receptionist sorry . I completely forget . zhenya be everything ok ? receptionist yes . zhenya 19 if this happen again , I will have to dock you pay . get it ? receptionist yes . zhenya pay more attention . 32 . int . supermarket . blue hour boris be strolling leisurely past the supermarket shelf and display , push a shopping cart . masha ( 25 ) , noticeably pregnant , be walk next to he and they be fill the shopping cart with various item . 20 masha why do you never tell I anything ? boris what do you mean ? masha like , how it go with you place yesterday ? what do the buyer say ? boris they say they have to think about it . trust I , if anything actually happen , I would tell you . masha how come it 's take so long to sell ? | mean , you work in sale ! boris well ... you see , that 's not really the same thing ... masha no , I do not see . leave the dumpling . Mom say never buy the dumpling . boris where be she today ? masha she go back home . even I be get tired of she . so it 's just you and I tonight . boris thank God . masha ( slap he lightly on the back ) do not say that ! boris what ? masha that 's my mother you be talk about ! get some broccoli , instead of that dumpling . boris obediently pick up a head of broccoli . 33 . ext . supermarket . blue hour commuter district . masha and boris , cradling a full shopping bag , emerge from the store and head for he car , park not far from the exit . masha settles into the front passenger seat . boris place the bag on the back seat and shut the door . 34 . ext . masha 's place . courtyard . blue hour boris park he car among the multitude of other stand alongside the multi - entrance high - rise building , retrieve the shopping bag , and follow masha to one of the entrance . she punch the code into the lock of a metal door , and they enter the building . 35 . int . masha 's place . bedroom . blue hour in the bedroom , on a large bed , boris and masha be make slow , careful love , lie on they side . after they have finish , they hold each other for a long while . masha everything be go to be ok , right ? you will not leave we ? boris have you lose you mind ? why would you even think that ? masha I just feel so scared sometimes ... her eye suddenly well up with tear . boris come on , stop it ... I be right here ... masha you probably use to tell you ex the same thing . boris you be different . I never feel so happy with any of the other . masha how many other have there be ? boris do not respond . 21 masha more than ten ? boris I be hungry . be you hungry ? masha I be always hungry this day . and by the way , I be mad at you . boris I will go make we some food . masha bring I a apple . boris okay . he climb out of bed , pull on he underwear , retrieve the cover that have slip onto the floor , pull they over masha , kiss she , and walk out of the bedroom . she roll carefully over onto she back , pull the cover up to she chin , and lie there , lose in think . boris return with a large red apple in he hand . boris ( stop in the doorway ) catch ! he toss the apple to masha . masha ( catch it ) thank you . boris boil chicken with broccoli ? masha no . I want a cucumber and tomato salad . boris and salad on the side . she nod . he turn and leave . 22 alone again , masha lift the apple to she nose and inhale its aroma with relish . she then bare she tooth , open she mouth wide , crunch into the apple hungrily and loudly , and chew with she mouth full . 36 . ext . outside beauty spa . blue hour zhenya be practically glow as she emerge from the spa , carry she handbag . the sign blaze above the door read kali yoga beauty spa . a slender , meticulously groom man with streak of gray in he hair - anton ( 50 ) - climb out of the driver 's seat of a black mercede park nearby . he round the car , open the front passenger door for zhenya , offer she a hand as she climb inside , then close the door and return to the driver 's seat . Inside the car , anton kiss zhenya 's hand . she laugh . 37 . int . cafe . blue hour zhenya and anton be eat dinner in a cozy , nearly empty cafe with quiet music and understate lighting . anton be watch she with undisguise delight . zhenya I can not eat when you look at I like that . anton I be sorry . he lower he eye to he plate , fill with seafood and grill vegetable . zhenya I be just joke . she set down she fork and slide a hand along the tablecloth towards he . he smile , take she hand , and they finger intertwine . anton do you get you hair trim , or be I just imagine it ? zhenya you notice . anton of course . I pay attention . zhenya still ? after all that 's happen between we ? anton especially after all that 's happen . zhenya after what happen the day before yesterday ? 23 under the table , she slip a foot out of she shoe and slide it between he leg . zhenya or the day before that ? anton Zhenya ... zhenya yes , Anton ? be I make you blush ? anton lift he wine glass . zhenya lift she own , and they clink they glass together . 38 . int . anton 's place . bedroom . night in the twilight , zhenya and anton be make tantric love on he bed . 39 . int . anton 's place . bedroom . night later , zhenya sit with she back to the headboard , illuminate by a night light , hold a glass of wine and wear nothing but anton 's shirt . her leg be stretch out in front of she , one sling over the other . anton be lie on he back , cover up to he waist . his hand be on he stomach ; he head be on the pillow ; he eye be close . zhenya watch he profile and listen to he rhythmic breathe . zhenya be you asleep ? he do not respond . zhenya hey ! silence . zhenya it 's not fair . he remain silent . zhenya I love you ... do you hear I ? I have never love anyone . except my mom , when I be little . but she be so cold to I . never a kind word , or a warm touch . nothing but discipline , order , chore , homework ... mean , lonely bitch . anton ( without open he eye ) still alive and well , I hope ? 24 zhenya alive . and yes , generally well . we almost never talk . every time I call , we end up fight . later , I can not even figure out what start it . she take a sip of she wine . zhenya I do not even know what love mean until I meet you . I never love my husband . and there be not really anyone before he . even with he , I get pregnant by accident . he be so happy , keep ask I to marry he . Said everything be go to be okay because we be together . but I do not want any of it . I be so scared ... scare to get a abortion , scared to keep it ... | really do not want a kid . when I go into labor , I think I be go to die . they have to take I to the icu . and when they bring he to I afterwards , I could not even look at he . | feel outright disgust . my milk never even come in . but then , life go on , thing settle down and we fall into this inertia ... anton ( without move or open he eye ) without love . life should never be loveless . zhenya to this day , when I look at he , or even think about he , like now , for example , I have this feel that I make a mistake which I can not fix . | blame he , I blame myself ... all I want be to be happy . I be a evil bitch , right ? anton open he eye , turn he head , and look at she . anton the most beautiful evil bitch in the world . zhenya do you really love I ? anton come here . 40 . ext . anton 's place . night a yellow cab be wait outside the entrance . zhenya come out of the building and climb into the back seat . the cab pull away . 41 . int / ext . yellow cab / CITY street . night zhenya stare out of the window , lean back in she seat , as the cab make its long way through the city . 42 . ext . sleptsovs 's build . blue hour 25 early twilight . the yellow cab pull up outside the high -rise and idle for a short while . finally , the back door open , and zhenya climb out . as the cab pull away , she head towards the entrance , digging she key out of she purse as she walk . she unlock the door , and disappear inside . 43 . int . sleptsovs 's build . stairwell . blue hour zhenya emerge from the elevator , unlock she apartment door , and step inside , try not to make a sound . 44 . int . sleptsovs 's place . entrance hall . blue hour Inside , zhenya take off she shoe in the dark , tiptoe silently past the close door of the live room and alyosha 's room , enter the bedroom , and close the door behind she . 45 . int . sleptsovs 's place . bedroom . blue hour in the bedroom , zhenya literally collapse onto the bed without switch on the light . she undress , pull she clothes off without get up , seemingly without even lift she head . then she crawl under the cover and fall asleep , cradling she pillow . 46 . int . sale office . boris 's cubicle . day boris be sit at the desk inside he cubicle , stare at the computer monitor . he let out a loud yawn without cover he mouth , lean back in he chair , and stretch , lift he arm over he head . his coworker 's face peek over the partition wall . coworker lunch time . 47 . int . self -serve cafeteria . day the moment boris and he coworker enter the lunch room , boris 's phone ring . he glance at the screen , nod to the coworker , and move off to the side , stop by the wall near the entrance , right under the painting of Jesus feed the multitude with two fish and five loaf of bread . boris ( into the phone ) hello . 48 . int . sleptsovs 's place . alyosha 's room . day zhenya have just emerge from the shower : she hair be wet and tangle ; the bathrobe be open over she naked body . she be stand in the middle of alyosha 's room , hold she iphone to she ear . zhenya ( into the phone ) do you see alyosha last night ? boris no , I do not come home last night . why , what 's happen ? 26 27 Z henya I just get a call from school . he do not show up yesterday or today . what do you mean , do not Z his homeroom teacher . what exactly do she say ? Z boris t show up ? who call you ? henya boris henya that he do not show up to school yesterday or today . be you deaf ? do he come home ? Z I do not know . I get back |: boris henya eat last night myself . do not check he room , think he have be asleep . I sleep in this morning , think he have already leave , , as always . he 's so independent ... and I can not reach he phone . have he call you ? no. oh God ... boris henya boris do not get hysterical . we will find he , he will be fine . we should call ... what 's he name ... he friend . zhenya I already speak to Misha . he have not see he either , yesterday or today . boris I see ... where be you now ? zhenya athome . boris and you can not tell whether or not he be home last night ? zhenya no. boris why not ? how hard can it be ? zhenya oh , gee , I do not know . why do not you come home and see for yourself ? boris I be at work , in case you forget . zhenya do you understand that no one have hear from he in over 24 hour ? boris he could be come up in the elevator as we speak . or walk home right now , I do not know ... 1 think you be overreact . he probably do something bad : get a F , or lose he tablet ... and now he 's afraid of how you will react , so he 's stay away . zhenya you mean it 's all my fault again ? boris you do not even know whether or not he 's be home . most likely , he be there last night . hello ? zhenya well , I be call the cop . and you can stay at work and keep deliberate over what might and might not have happen idiot . 49 , int . self -serve cafeteria . day boris can not we do this without insult ? hello ? realizing that zhenya have hang up on he , boris gnashes he tooth , head towards the counter , and pick up a tray . his coworker wave to he from the head of the line . 50 . int . sleptsovs 's place . alyosha 's room . day a young female police officer ( 25 ) move around the room , take photo of the furniture and various item with she camera . she finish up and head into the kitchen . 51 . int . sleptsovs 's place . kitchen . day 28 zhenya be sit at the table , she face free of makeup and she hair tie back into a ponytail . a weary -look plainclothes detective ( 45 ) sit across from she , write ona sheet of paper . a thin folder and a toothbrush in a seal plastic bag lie on the table next to he . the police officer enter the kitchen . police officer I be do . detective great , thanks . ( nod at the toothbrush ) take this and wait for I in the car . we have to make one more stop . the police officer nod and leave without even a glance at zhenya . 29 detective well , what can I tell you ... | see no evidence of criminal activity . zhenya what do you mean , '' criminal activity '' ? detective well , you know , sometimes parent will do away with they kid , then file a miss person 's report . zhenya and you think that 's what I have do ? detective we always start out with that theory . but what you have here be a runaway . happens all the time : 12 year old , rebellious age , hormone out of control . give he a few day , he will be back . of course we could go to the precinct , spend a few hour ona detailed deposition . probably not today though : we would need you husband to be present as well . but in any event , this case be unlikely to go beyonda preliminary inquiry . zhenya you say there 's no evidence of criminal activity . but what if he be kidnap ? because | can not imagine where he could be . detective I be sure he 's just bum around the neighborhood . he will not last long . he 's use to a comfortable life . and you have a comfortable life here . you can not even imagine the kind of condition kid come back to . because the street be worse than any home , no matter how shitty . now , as fora possible kidnap . here 's how the system work : first , we conduct a preliminary inquiry , which include interview with the parent , relative , friend , possible witness , and so forth . we be short on resource , plus we have other case to investigate : murder , rape , assault , robbery , and so forth . so the preliminary inquiry could take a few day . if the runaway have not turn up by then , and if we have grounds , by which I mean evidence , then we open a miss person 's case . then , if the case investigation present more grounds , meaning more evidence - suspicion of murder , kidnap , and so forth - it become a criminal case . but that 's up to the investigative Committee . you can imagine how long that take and the mountain of paperwork it require . by then , the runaway have normally come back and run away all over again . zhenya so you be just go to do nothing ? detective I be give you a realistic picture . we be obligate to act . and we will . but in this specific case ... the system do not have the resource or the time to chase after every kid . zhenya I see . this case be go straight in the trash . so what be I suppose to do ? sit around wait for he to come back ? what if he do not come back ? detective statistic do not lie . in the overwhelming majority of case , teenage runaway come back after a week , ten day at the most . but let I offer you some advice : if you want somebody to actually look for he , and if you want they to start as soon as possible , go online , find the miss child search team website , and give they a call - they will tell you what info they need . it 's staff with volunteer , work they ass off round the clock . no bureaucracy anda streamline , highly effective response protocol . how do I know ? past experience of work together , with good result . anyway , here 's my phone number . ( hand she he card ) I have yours . we will be in touch . the detective tuck the sheet of paper he be write on into the folder and rise from the table . zhenya examine the card he hand she . zhenya 30 and that 's it ? detective for now . zhenya the drown man 's rescue be in he own hand , be that right ? detective his own hand , and he foot , he head , and most importantly , he heart . zhenya unbelievable . detective trust I , have you get any other detective , they would have be much more assertive with you , and much less helpful , to put it mildly . it 's not that I be such a nice guy . I be just try to save time : my own , yours , and the search team 's . the sooner you contact they and the sooner they get start , the sooner they will find you little slacker hang out on the street or at the mall somewhere , or most likely hide out at a friend 's house while they parent be away for a few day and they have get the place to themselves . so get move . or wait . you choice . that 's it , | have to go now . zhenya but if he 's at a friend 's house , why do not he tell I ? detective that 's a question only you can answer . 52 . int / ext . boris 's car / commuter district . blue hour boris be drive he car through the neighborhood . he spot a group of about a dozen people in the open space near he building ( ? ) , most dress in hike gear , some wear reflective vest . they be crowded around several all - terrain vehicle and a minivan , all its door open . 53 . ext . sleptsovs 's build . blue hour boris pull up to the building and park the car . outside the next entrance over , a guy in camo be explain something animatedly to several old woman sit on the bench . 54 , int . sleptsovs 's build . entrance lobby . blue hour boris enter the building and press the elevator button . 55 . int . sleptsovs 's place . stairwell . blue hour 31 boris step out of the elevator to see he apartment door slightly ajar . a young woman in camo pants ( lena , 30 ) be talk to a female neighbor who life on the same landing . ( dialog ( ? ) ) . his head lower to avoid catch the neighbor 's eye and escape a unwanted conversation , boris duck into the apartment . 56 . int . sleptsovs 's place . entrance hall / live room . blue hour leave the front door ajar , boris head straight into the live room . 57 . int . sleptsovs 's place . live room . blue hour boris enter the live room to find zhenya and the male search team coordinator ( 35 ) sit across the table from each other . the coordinator be write in he notepad a large color photo of alyosha lie on the tabk in front of he . boris ( to the coordinator ) hello. ( to zhenya ) sorry , get stick in traffic . zhenya ignore he . coordinator ( to boris ) take a seat . come on , let 's get to work . my name be Ivan . I be the search team coordinator . boris ( take a seat at the table ) my wife tell I on the phone . coordinator excellent . then let 's get start . or more accurately , let 's continue . let I tell you what 's go to happen , so you have fewer question later on . I will be ask you detailed question about you son , alyosha . meanwhile , my team be interview you neighbor and possible witness : on the street , outside the building , in the local store ... the young woman in camo pants who be talk to the neighbor enter the live room , smartphone in hand . lena ( to the coordinator ) nothing of interest from the neighbor . coordinator nothing at all ? 32 lena leave . lena no one see or hear he , today or yesterday . can not remember anything specific . more of we people have arrive . we set up a command post behind the building ( ? ) and bring the flier . coordinator you print they out ? excellent . lena I will keep canvass the building . coordinator yes , stay on it . coordinator so depend on what the canvass yield , we will focus on specific location and objective . you and I be go to finish up here and head on to the precinct to see the detective in charge - rarely happen , by the way , even in Moscow , so you really luck out there . he promise to give we access to the security camera . this be a big deal , and could really simplify we task . next . it 's get late , and the boy will need a place to spend the night . since it 's not exactly spring outside , we will be search entrance lobby and stairwell . we will ask the detective for the entry code , I expect he will cooperate . so let 's start from the beginning . he check he notepad . 33 coordinator alyosha sleptsov , 12 year old , look 10 , no distinctive feature , healthy , approximately 51 '' , dark blond hair , last see wear blue jeans , red hood jacket , blue backpack , white sneaker ( ? ) . two day ago , leave for school at the usual time , and by the look of thing , have not be home since . his cell phone be unreachable , but we will keep dial it anyway . now , I need you to tell I : what be the boy 's interest ? hobby , sport , dream of building a space station , travel the world , and so on ? zhenya he do not have any hobby . and he 's not interested in sport , either . I guess he spend most of he time at home . coordinator you guess . ah. I see . at home : that mean on the computer . his laptop be on he desk , right ? 34 boris yes , but we try to limit he online time . zhenya especially you . coordinator let 's keep personal issue out of this . can we access the computer ? boris of course . zhenya yes . coordinator excellent . you have access to he email , social network account , phone number and address of he buddy and girlfriend ? zhenya he only have one friend , I guess . Misha kuznetsov . coordinator guess again . Fine . boris thave all he user name and password . and he do only have one friend : Misha . I mean , in real life . as far as the social network ... coordinator I see . any close relative he could have go to see ? grandmas , grandpas , uncle and aunt , cousin ? zhenya no one on my husband 's side . on my side , just my mother . she life outside Moscow . boris but it 's probably be about three year since we last visit . I doubt the kid remember . coordinator the kid . I see . I do hope you call the grandmother ? and she say she have not see the boy , correct ? zhenya I can not reach she . actually , thing between we be ... you know ... coordinator what do you mean , you can not reach she ? zhenya first she would not pick up the phone , and now it say '' the number you dial be unavailable . '' her connection be always shoddy ... boris her connection be fine . she 's the one who 's '' shoddy '' . coordinator grandma 's quite a character , then . I see . do you try the neighbor ? zhenya I do not have any of they number . boris it 's she summer home , she plot , she house , she neighbor ... it 's best to stay out of it , to avoid a heap of trouble . zhenya shrug . boris chortle . 35 coordinator could she be hide alyosha ? say , if he ask she to ? zhenya I do not think so ... boris she 's capable of anything . stalin in a skirt ! zhenya that 's enough . how would he even get there ? we only ever drive there . and my mother would not exactly be happy to see he . you know how she be . boris what if they have be talk in secret ? be not it possible ? she 's a real trouble maker . damn , I think he have seem withdraw lately . she must have be fill he head with nonsense this entire time ! zhenya but she do not love he . she do not love anyone . boris love , do not love ... she 's use the kid against I . and against you , too . coordinator ( cut they off ) anyway . you have to go see the grandmother right away . where exactly do she live outside Moscow ? zhenya ather summer home . all year round . boris it 's towards kiev. hard to explain . the turnoff from the highway be difficult to spot ... coordinator do you havea car ? boris yes . coordinator how long be the drive ? boris about three hour . maybe two and a half . coordinator ok , here 's what we will do . give I the contact info for all he friend and acquaintance , include he homeroom teacher 's number - I hope you have it ? excellent . also , all he user name and password . I will take the laptop ; we will go through it at we headquarters and then decide on the next step . and you , the both of you , get you car and go see dear old granny . lena will go with you : she 's a highly skilled operative . or rather , she will follow you in she own car . meanwhik , keep try to reach the grandmother . when you get there , check everything carefully , do not overlook anything , and call I right away to tell I how it go , no matter what happen . can you handle that ? someone will stay here , in case the boy come back . 58 . ext . highway . night boris 's car speed along the dark highway , follow by a all - terrain vehicle drive by lena . 59 . int . boris 's car . highway . night ominous music be play on the radio . zhenya keep dial she mother 's number , but to no avail . 36 zhenya oh for God 's sake ... ( to boris ) can not you turn this off ? please ? I have a headache . boris there be some pill in the glove compartment . zhenya turn it off . boris hesitates , then switch off the radio . they drive in silence for a long time . zhenya do you think he 's there ? boris where else could he be ? think about it . ( glance in the rearview mirror at lena 's car follow closely behind ) fuck , he really know how to make life difficult ! perfect timing too , the little shit . zhenya what if something terrible 's happen to he ? boris do not think like that . he 's fine . he will get what 's come to he though , I will see to that . zhenya dig through she purse and fish out she cigarettes . boris you can not smoke in here anymore . zhenya right , terribly sorry . you have get a pregnant woman to chauffeur around now , how could I forget ? I will blow it out the window . boris no , I say you can not . zhenya or you will do what ? throw I out of the car ? she light up spitefully . boris 37 I see you headache have go . he roll down all the window , put the fan on high , and switch the radio back on , turn the volume all the way up . it 's now play a different tune . the wind roar through the car , beat against they face and tear at they hair . a air current knock the ash from the tip of zhenya 's cigarette . after only a few drag , she toss it out of the window , and push the window button on the passenger door . the glass do not budge : boris have lock the window in the open position . zhenya Close the window ! boris grin , stare at the road . zhenya lean back in she seat and cover she face with she hand . 60 . ext . field . country road . night boris 's car turn off the highway , window roll up and the radio now silent , and lena 's all - terrain vehicle follow it down a barely paved two - lane road with half the street light break . the road cut through expanse of field fringe by wood . 61 . ext . wood . country road . night leave the field behind they , the two car enter the wood , which soon grow increasingly sparse , give way to the concrete fencing of summer home community . 62 . int . boris 's car . summer home community . night boris 's car pull up to the summer home community 's automatic metal gate . lena 's vehicle stop a few foot to the right . boris great , they put up a gate . what do we do now ? Ram it ? zhenya the side door be open . boris we just leave the car here ? zhenya well , what do you suggest ? she open the door and climb out of the car . boris switch gear and back away from the gate . his headlight illuminate zhenya and lena , who have join she outside . boris park the car so as not to block the gate . 63 . ext . summer home community . side door . night zhenya , boris , and lena , who be armed with a long black flashlight , leave they car outside the gate and enter the community through the side door in the gate . 38 64 . ext . summer home community . STREET . night for a long while , zhenya , boris , and lena walk along a sparsely light , desert street border by fence of all shape and size surround even more diverse summer home . none of the house be particularly grand , and the lot surround they be small , just a little over a tenth of a acre . all the window appear to be dark . suddenly , a enraged dog begin to rattle he chain in a agitate frenzy from behind yet another fence . 65 . ext . summer home community . zhenya 's mother 's house . fence . night zhenya , boris , and lena be stand in front of the garden gate of a tall , solid wooden fence badly in need of a coat of paint . all they can see of the house beyond the fence be the ridge of its roof and the brick chimney . zhenya press the doorbell next to the gate , and they hear a distant , muffle trill come from somewhere deep in the house . silence . zhenya lean on the doorbell for a few long moment . they hear no movement on the other side of the fence . boris she will not open up . probably raise the barricade as we speak . she 's such a ... zhenya enough . you make she sound like a complete monster . lena be there any other way in ? boris only over the fence . zhenya we do not have a key . lena I see . lena examine the gate , then walk along the fence and round the corner . boris where be she go ? zhenya how should I know ? zhenya ring the bell again and phone she mother at the same time . no response . suddenly , they hear crunching and crack sound , follow by the dull thump of something hit the ground on the other side of the wall . 39 lena ( 0.s. ) Son ofa ... fuck . she reach the gate and after a few second of fiddling with the lock , open it from the inside . 66 . ext . summer home community . zhenya 's mother 's house . front yard . night zhenya be stand outside the front door to she mother 's house . zhenya Mom ! open up , it 's I ! behind the door , all be silent . lena and boris circle the house from opposite direction . the dark rectangle of a shed loom in the corner of the plot . lena shine she flashlight into the window of the house . suddenly , in one of the window , the spotlight land on a woman 's pallid face , which immediately disappear back into the darkness . lena she 's in there ! lena wheel around and walk quickly back to the front door . zhenya hammer on the door with she fist . zhenya Mom , open up ! alyosha be miss ! 67 . int . zhenya 's mother' house . kitchen . night a small oil lamp be burn under a icon on a shelf in the corner . zhenya be sit ona chair at the table . her mother ( 65 ) remove a tea kettle from the stove , carry it to the sink , and fill it . mother I nearly have a heart attack . first the doorbell start ringing in the middle of the night , like there 's a fire . then I hear someone climb over the fence . oh , dear Lord in heaven ... and I can not find my phone . what be I suppose to do ? she turn off the faucet , replace the kettle on the stove , take a box of match , and light the gas burner under the kettle . mother you could have at least warn I . zhenya I have be call you nonstop . and do not tell I you do not hear the phone . 40 mother as God be my witness . zhenya I know you . first you would not pick up , then you turn it off . mother I have not see it since this morning . can not imagine where it 's get to . I must have lose it . ah , to hell with it . Zhenya 's mother take four tea bowl from a shelf , place they on the table , then take a seat and stare closely at zhenya . mother tell I this , my dear : I just can not figure out why you think you boy be here . I can not even remember the last time I speak to he . or to you . thank the lord. ( turn towards the icon in the corner and cross herself ) and I do not regret it for a second . not even a little . what 's that goddamn ape of yours do skulking around outside ? May God forgive I ... do not you say you be get a divorce ? zhenya you god and you devil be cut from the same cloth . mother what would you say ? what cloth ? you watch you mouth , girl . do not be get all smart . and quit waggling you head at I . this be you mother you be talk to . have some respect . or else scram , and do not let the door hit you on the way out . I do not invite you here . nothing but trouble since you be bear . do you know what you look like now ? zhenya what ? mother awhore , that 's what . zhenya Mom ... mother what do you want , huh ? a teat to suck on ? here . always mom-this , mom-that ... 68 . ext . summer home community . zhenya 's mother' house . front yard / attic . night 41 in the front yard , lena be climb up a straight ladder to the attic , hold she flashlight . boris be on the ground , hold the ladder steady . lena open the bolt with a click , push open the door , and peek inside , shine she flashlight around the attic . it illuminate the opposite slope of the roof , the ceiling beam , some small bit of trash — and nothing else . lena lock the bolt and climb down the ladder . lena ok , we be do with the house . let 's check the shed . boris he 's not here , I can feel it . he never be . lena we will check everything . 69 . int . zhenya 's mother 's house . kitchen . night boris enter the kitchen , walk over to the table , and set down a ancient - model cell phone . lena stop in the doorway . zhenya look inquiringly at boris , who shake he head in response . mother so have you poke around every nook and cranny ? no sign of he , huh ? I do not know why you even think ... she take the phone from the table and push a few button . mother the battery be dead , of course . where do you find it ? boris under you bed . mother must have fall . well at least you find it . sit down , have some tea . I do not have anything to sweeten it , though . just some honey , but it 's all crystallize . zhenya no , thanks Mom , we be go soon . mother well be not you polite . you two do not seem all that tear up about alyosha go miss ... must have make this sob story up to get I feel sorry for you , be that it ? she look from zhenya to boris and back again , then look lena up and down with a mix of suspicion and disgust . mother 42 you pick the wrong one to mess with . I see right through you . you say you be get a divorce . think you could saddle I with you fuck spawn , huh ? think again ! ( make a obscene gesture ) I have tell you before , and I will tell you again : I be not look after he . boris do you get any company here , other than you tv ? Zhenya 's mother pointedly ignore he and continue to look at zhenya . mother do not I tell you , back when you be knock up , to come to you sense ? you ignore then . and I tell you : the day will come when you will come crawl to you mother , but it will be too late . ( rap a finger on the table ) now , you reap what you sow . there 's you future . zhenya Mom , what the hell be you say ? have a little shame ! at least in front of stranger . mother do not you lecture I . I have nothing to be ashamed of . this be my house . snoop around here in the middle of the night , like thief , and with you appraiser , too ... try to make a fool of I . I be not signing the house over to you , do not even think about it . I be leave it to God . the tea kettle on the stove begin to whistle . Zhenya 's mother get up and switch off the gas . mother I have nothing to feed you . make end meet on just my pension . with no help from you , not one bit . I have die wait . you would not spare a nail for my casket . 70 . int . boris 's car . highway . blue hour predawn twilight . boris and zhenya drive along the highway in a deathly silence . he be stare at the road ahead , exhaust , while she sleep , lean away from he towards the window , she hand fold over she belly . the car bounce slightly on a pothole . zhenya wake up and look at boris . zhenya where be we ? how much longer ? boris another 40 minute , I think . 43 boris turn on the radio . zhenya put on some music , will you ? boris she get more and more paranoid every year . and all that hatred ... awful . zhenya like you be burst with love , huh ? boris why be you defend she ? zhenya because she 's right . boris about what ? that you can not wait for she to croak ? zhenya watch you language . she 's right that she warn I not to get involved with you , not to have the baby , not to be stupid . but stupid I be . I listen to you instead . '' everything will be okay , '' you say , '' as long as we be together ... '' now you tell I , how be it that you , who woo I with promise of love and happiness , and shower I with flower , in the end bring I nothing but pain and disappointment ? just a insufferable , shit -fill life . she watch he profile as he clenches he jaw , stare at the road . 44 zhenya you know , I never love you . I just could not live with she anymore . and | could not get free of she on my own . but I do with you . I use you . at least that 's what / think . and all the while , you be use I , you need a family . | would have be fine without you . really . I just need somebody to move in with . you be simply convenient . have you not get I pregnant ... that cloud my judgment . I should not have listen to you : I should have get the abortion , and that would have be that . boris you should have . you be right , it would have be better . for everyone . zhenya you do not say ! so what 's change ? be you a different person ? do not you just knock up another young idiot so you can drag she down to hell with you ? and if you dick still work in 10 or 12 year 's time , you will do it all over again , I know it . poor girl , I feel sorry for she . you ruin my life . do you understand that ? thank God I finally meet a good man , someone who do not need anything from I except I . boris stomp on the brake , turn off onto the shoulder , and stop the car . zhenya what happen ? do we break down ? boris yes , we break down . get out . zhenya no , I be serious . boris so be I . go fuck yourself . zhenya what ? he lean over she and push the passenger door . it swing open . boris get out , or I will kick you out . zhenya go ahead ! that 's the one thing you have not do to I yet . I be not go anywhere . boris fuck off ! he lift he hand , he eye blaze terribly , but instead of hit she , simply clenches he fist until he knuckle turn white . zhenya Fine , I will get out . you bastard . zhenya climb out of the car . zhenya do not forget , you son be miss ! she slam the door shut with all she might . boris speed off abruptly and drive away without look back . boris 45 Fucking idiot ! bitch ! 71 . ext . highway . blue hour daybreak . stand on the shoulder , zhenya take she cigarettes from she purse with tremble hand and light up a smoke . feeling calmer , she pull out she phone and make a call . 72 . ext . ravine . day early morning . walk in a dense line , the search team be comb the ravine that split the sleptsovs 's neighborhood in two . a fog be creep over the river . 73 . int . police precinct . day Morning . the detective be sit a desk in front of a computer . boris and the coordinator be stand behind he . all three be watch footage from the external security camera . boris be dress in a waterproof outdoor jacket and lace - up boot . the monitor show a very long view of the building entrance . the door open , and alyosha burst out of the building , wear he jacket and a backpack on he back . he skip along the side of the building until he disappear from view . several more people walk one after another in the same direction . ( possibly a second camera ( ?! ) . detective and that 's it . none of the other camera pick he up . not on the way to school , not around the mall , which be like a magnet to that kid ... coordinator there 's a food court there . and it 's a nice place to hang out . detective ( cont ’d ) .- not on the way to the bus stop or the taxi depot , if , say , he be head towards the metro , hope to get to a train station somewhere . there be a few possibility . he either turn down a street with no camera - and there be plenty of place like that - or he be careful to stay out of camera range , which be less likely . or somebody take he . boris what do you mean , '' take he '' ? coordinator kidnap he . boris be you serious ? coordinator this be no joke matter . 46 boris no , but ... that 's impossible ... detective unfortunately , it do happen . ( to the coordinator ) what have you get ? coordinator nothing from the canvass yesterday . of course a lot of time have lapse . by we standard . time to open a miss person 's case . maybe even a criminal one . the detective nod . coordinator we hand out the flier : take they to the emergency room , highway patrol , the store ; ask shopkeeper to keep they by the register . we have not put any up yet . a runaway would see that and hole up somewhere , then we would never find he . detective naturally . coordinator we spend half the night comb the stairwell , any place he might have know the entry code to and spend the night . ( to boris ) he really do not have a lot of friend . ( to both ) we be about to go talk to he best friend . do not get to do it yesterday , for reason beyond we control . look like they have a secret spot , '' the base '' they call it . we find reference to it on alyosha 's computer . any clue as to where it might be ? boris shrug . detective leave I 20 or so of you flier . I will hand they out around the precinct . coordinator of course . boris 's phone ring . he check the screen , excuse himself , and step off to the side . boris hi ... 47 74 , ext . park . day masha be sit on a park bench , hold she phone to she ear . a elderly woman be sit very close to she on the bench , read a current affair magazine lie open on she lap . 48 masha ( into the phone ) I miss you , baby . be you come tonight ? you promise . boris I be afraid I can not , honey . I have to keep search . masha what about I ? what about you work ? you say they be very strict over there . boris I take some personal time . masha mmm . from work and from I ? boris please do not be silly . you know what 's go on . masha I just feel so lonely ... you be there , I be here ... it will not always be like this , will it ? boris of course not . please stop do this to I . masha when be you come over ? boris I do not know yet . I will call you . masha when ? boris soon , baby , soon . ok , I have to go . masha do not hang up . I want to hear what 's go on over there . boris stop it . you be put I in a uncomfortable position . masha why ? do you have something to hide ? boris no , honey , of course not . masha I be sure you be hide something . be you ex there , too ? boris no , no , she 's not . do not be silly . I love you . masha really ? boris of course . masha I love you too . we love you . boris and I love you both . ok , bye , baby . masha bye , sweetie . I can not wait to see you . masha hold the phone to she ear for a few more second to make sure boris have hang up , then end the call and turn to the old woman read a magazine . masha let 's go , mom. masha 's mom ( close the magazine ) you hungry ? masha nod and heave herself slowly up from the bench . masha 's mom ( rise and help masha to she foot ) you be so gentle with he , like a little kitten . masha Mom , let I deal with he my way ... masha 's mom be I meddle ? of course you deal with he you way . I be only look out for you . my mother teach I , and I be pass it on to you . you know how man be ... 49 masha ( suddenly ecstatic ) oh ! the baby move ! ( hold she belly ) masha 's mom let 's see , let 's see ! she lean down and press a ear to masha 's stomach . masha can you feel it ? masha 's mom of course ! my sweet baby ! 75 . int . anton 's place . bedroom . day zhenya be asleep on anton 's bed , cradling a pillow . freshly shaven and full of pep , anton enter the bedroom , perches on the bed , and gently wake zhenya . anton get up . time to go . I make breakfast . zhenya huh ? oh , right , right ... she sit up in bed and squint at he sleepily . zhenya what time be it ? do anyone call I ? she take she iphone from the bedside table and look at the screen . anton I will come with you , if you do not mind . zhenya yeah ? ( lift she face from the iphone ) no , I do not mind . but do not you have to go to work ? anton work can wait . they be people too , they will understand . zhenya right , I have to call what 's he face , the coordinator ... my God , it 's so late ! I set the alarm . 50 anton I turn it off . you need to get some sleep . zhenya hello , Ivan ? this be alyosha sleptsov 's mother . 76 . int . coordinator 's car . day the coordinator be drive a high all - terrain - vehicle through the neighborhood , follow boris 's car . coordinator ( into the phone ) yes . any news ? zhenya ( a little take aback ) no. you ? coordinator we have not find he yet . we will keep look . zhenya you see , what happen be ... coordinator I really do not have the time . zhenya yes , yes , I be sorry . tell I , be there anything / can do ? I can not just sit around ... coordinator get on the phone , call every single hospital in the area . we be look for any unidentified boy between the age of 10 and 13 , bring in by the cop or a ambulance . even if he do not fit the description , we need to check in person . if you find anyone who fit this parameter , contact I immediately , preferably by text , and I will send over a team to take a look . zhenya we can go ourselves . we have a car . coordinator excellent . but let I know anyway . I will send over one of we veteran operative to go with you , they will know what to do and what to say . if you find more than one boy , it 's best to send several team . ok , we will be in touch . he hang up and park the car next to boris in a small parking lot outside the school wall . 51 77 . ext . school . day boris and the coordinator climb out of they car , enter the school yard , and head towards the building . boris why do you only want to talk to Misha kuznetsov ? why not notify the entire school ? coordinator same reason we have not paper the town with flier . if he know people be look for he , he will dig in , and we will never find he . boris what if he and Misha be in cahoot ? coordinator of course at this age they be already pretty good liar , but nowhere near as good as adult . we will get the truth out of he . I will be the only one ask question . this be not up for discussion . they enter the school building . 78 . int . school . principal 's office . day in the principal 's office , the coordinator be speak to misha . boris be sit ona chair nearby . the female principal ( 50 ) be also present . coordinator when be the last time you see he ? misha um ... three day ago , I think ... coordinator Tuesday ? the twenty -fifth ? misha yes . coordinator where ? misha here , at school . coordinator what do you do after school ? misha nothing . we both go home . 52 53 coordinator where do you normally hang out ? misha um ... outside the building ... | do not know ... coordinator where else ? misha um ... nowhere ... coordinator ok , fine . probably at the mall ? misha no , we parent will not let we . coordinator so what , you just play in the sandbox all day like little baby ? misha no . we be not baby . we play soccer at the hockey rink ... coordinator do you have a bike ? misha yes . coordinator and where do you and alyosha normally cycle to ? misha just , uh ... outside the building ... coordinator listen , Misha , if you know where he be , but you promise not to tell , that 's fine , do not tell we . we will find he anyway . or he will show up on he own when he get tired of live outside . what matter be that you know you friend be safe , alive and well . and we old people can run around in circle look for he , we do not mind . it 's like hide - and -seek , right ? be this a game you two be play ? misha no . I do not know where he be . I swear . coordinator ok . I believe you . well , where could he be ? I know you two have you '' base '' . I might not know where it be , but | know it 's out there . you talk about it on Facebook . if you really do not know where he be , but you think he might be there , you have to tell we where it be . you friend might be in danger . misha um ... coordinator see , son , we will find it anyway . but what if we be too late ? what 's more important to you : you friend or some secret spot ? you will find a hundred other secret spot . even if you swore some sort of a oath , you would not be break it . it do not count when you be save a friend . he need you help . misha um ... we base be in the wood . coordinator be ita dugout ? a tent ? misha no , a abandon building . it 's in the basement ... coordinator how do you get there : on foot or by bike ? misha it 's far on foot , but you could do it . we usually take the bike . 79 . ext . road through the wood . day several all - terrain vehicle and a minivan be head down a road through the wood . 80 . int . coordinator 's car . road through the wood . day boris travel through the wood in the coordinator 's car . 81 . ext . abandoned build . day the search team 's minivan and all - terrain vehicle pull up to a abandon building conceal by the wood . the operative file out of they car and prepare for they search . most of they look experience and well - equip , except for a few newby like boris . 82 . int . abandoned build . basement . day armed with flashlight and radio , wear a mix of construction hard hat and military helmet , the search team search the basement . boris be among they . ( they could be use portable fluorescent lamp . ( ? ) ) in one corner , they find 54 several wooden board pallet ; two disintegrate armchair spilling they spring and foam ; a wooden crate double as a table and cover with a piece of cardboard ; empty soda bottle ; crush McDonalds box ; and on one peel wall , a poster of a vulgar half - naked woman , eye roll back in affect ecstasy . on one of the pallet , boris find a tatter child - size jean jacket . he pick it up , examine it , and turn to peer into the darkness at the search team operative . boris this be he jacket . aradio hiss and click in the dark as one of the operative immediately get the coordinator on the line . operative ( into the radio ) Ivan , we have find a jean jacket . the father be sure it 's he . over . coordinator ( 0.s. ) copy that . so we definitely have to comb the entire building and surround area . 83 . ext . abandoned build . day the coordinator be stand over a map of the area spread on the hood of one of the car and talk to he team . coordinator remember to mark down and report dangerous or questionable spot , but never go near they on you own . we have expert for that . let 's not add to the misery by get hurt . if anyone do have a accident , though , we suspend the search and focus all effort on help we friend . first off , contact the coordinator . the only person qualified to administer medical help be the doctor , this gentleman here . the coordinator point at one of the operative , who raise a hand in response . coordinator if the runaway have limited mobility when you find he , do not move he . talk to he , calm he down , and wait for the doctor . that 's it . now , lock and load , people ! figuratively , I mean ; do not take that as literal instruction . 84 . int . abandoned build . day the search team be painstakingly comb through the debris that fill the post - apocalyptic innard of the building . 85 . ext . hospital . day 55 zhenya and anton pull into a parking lot in anton 's car . lena , still wear camo pants , park she own car nearby , and the three of they walk through a secure entrance into the hospital grounds . 86 . int . hospital . MAIN lobby . day after a short walk along the building and past the window of the main lobby , the three enter the hospital building and head for the change room . 87 . int . hospital . stairwell . day wearing blue plastic shoe cover on they foot , zhenya , anton , and lena take the stair to the second floor . 88 . int . hospital . nurse 's station . day zhenya , anton , and lena walk into the unit and head straight towards the nurse 's station , with lena lead the way . anurse ( 40 ) be sit at a desk behind the counter , write in a thick ledger . lena hello . could you help we ? nurse hello . what can I do for you ? lena we be from the search and rescue team . we be look for a boy , alyosha sleptsov , 12 year old . this be he mother . ( point at zhenya ) he run away from home , so he might be go by a different name . we gota tip that you admit a child yesterday who fit he description . we would like to see he . the nurse close the ledger , slide it into a desk drawer , lock it , and stand up . nurse ( to lena and anton ) you two need to step out , please . ( to zhenya ) you , follow I . zhenya and the nurse walk down the hallway . zhenya be he ok ? nurse he 's fine . just a little tired and frighten . zhenya frightened of what ? 56 nurse well , the cop pick he up on the street last night , keep he somewhere at the precinct until morning , then bring he here , dirty and hungry ... zhenya how could that be ? they know we be look for he . | file a miss person 's report . nurse they do not know anything . the shift change , and that 's that . they have no idea who the kid be , or where he come from . and he 's not talk either . so they take he to the hospital . we see this all the time . 89 . int . hospital . ward . day the nurse motion for zhenya to follow she and enter the ward , wall in by partition . one of the two bed inside be unoccupy . the nurse stop by the other bed , in which a boy be lie , face the wall with the blanket pull over he head . the nurse lean over the boy and shake he lightly by the shoulder . he pull the cover from he head and turn to face they . it 's not alyosha . 90 . ext . wood . day the sun dip below the horizon . search team of between five and seven people , walk in a line with 15 to 20 foot between each person , continue to comb the wood . boris be part of one of the team . team leader ( 35 ) stop ! do not get ahead of the other , and do not fall behind ! keep visual contact ! use you compass ! and hold the line ! let 's go ! 91 . ext . wood . under the large satellite antenna . day boris 's search team be walk in a line along a concrete fence top with coil of barb wire . the massive dish of the satellite antenna loom beyond the wall , turn at a painfully slow pace . 92 . ext . wood . antenna station checkpoint . day the team leader and boris be talk to a police captain ( 45 ) guard the antenna . they hand he one of the flier . captain ( examine the flier ) no , I have not see he around here . no one get inside without a pass or a special permit . this be a restrict facility . team leader could I take down you personal information ? 57 captain sure , go ahead . 93 . ext . wood . lake . blue hour boris and the team leader emerge from the wood on the shore of a lake . the antenna loom on the opposite side of the lake , where other team be search the thicket at the edge of the water . the radio hiss and click in the team leader 's hand . team leader ( into the radio ) Ivan , come in . we have searched the lakeshore . no trace of the boy . over . coordinator ( 0.s. ) ( on the radio ) copy that . get back here . boris what about the lake itself ? team leader we do not search for body . that 's up to the emergency service and the police ... he turn around and head back into the wood , leave boris alone . boris remain there for a long time , stare at the dark surface of the lake . 94 , ext . commuter district . night late night in the city . the mobile search and rescue command post have move from the wood back to the lot near the sleptsovs 's building . most of the same team member and gear we see in the wood be here now . operative be crowded outside the minivan , its door open . the coordinator be stand on the door step of the minivan , tower slightly over the crowd . zhenya and anton be stand at the front of the crowd ; boris a little off to the side . coordinator since we have no lead and no new information about possible search site , we be move on to full - scale flier distribution . we paper everything with they : bus stop , doorway , lamp post , bench , announcement board , fence ... get permission from the guard or management before posting they in store . in other word , follow the usual protocol . we also need a team of five people to search the stairwell . 95 . ext . commuter district . bus stop . night zhenya , anton , and lena hang flier on both side of the bus stop , use wide clear pack tape . 96 . ext . commuter district . sidewalk . night 58 zhenya , anton , and lena put up flier on lamp post lining both side of the street , wind pack tape all the way around each post . 97 . int . 24 - hour store . night lena be talk to the owner ( 55 ) of a small 24 - hour store : a barrel - belly man from the caucasus . zhenya and anton be stand nearby . lena you have such a nice store , great foot traffic . would it be ok if we put up a flier at the entrance ? a young boy be miss . the owner look zhenya and anton up and down . owner and who be you ? lena search and rescue team . volunteer . owner ah . Fine , put it up . but not on the glass . lena thank you . she turn around and head towards the exit . 98 . ext . high -rise build . entrance . night zhenya and anton tape a flier outside the building door , right above the intercom button . 99 . int . high -rise build . stairwell . night boris and the coordinator , hold the radio and with a flashlight at he side , search the stairwell . they take the elevator to the top floor , then walk down the stair . while one search the nook and cranny , the other watch the stairwell . they check two floor and head further down . suddenly , the elevator start move from the top floor . coordinator ( to boris , quietly ) stop. they stop on a landing between floor and listen closely . the elevator stop somewhere below they . the coordinator 's radio spring to life . team leader ( 0.s. ) ( on the radio ) Ivan , the elevator stop on the fourth floor . over . coordinator 59 get it . we be wait . 100 . int . high -rise build . entrance lobby . night on the first floor , the team leader be watch floor number light up above the slide elevator door . number four be light up above one of the door . the elevator start move , and number three blink to life . team leader ( into the radio ) it 's head down . coordinator ( 0.s. ) ( on the radio ) copy that . number two light up , follow by number one ... the elevator door open , let out two slightly tipsy young women ( 20 ) . young woman 1 ( to the team leader ) oh ... hello ! her friend drag she towards the exit . the team leader watch they leave , then lift the radio to he mouth . 101 . ext . high -rise build . courtyard . night on the other side of the street , almost directly across from the building entrance , another operative dress in camo stand hold a radio . the young women emerge from the building and head straight towards the operative . team leader ( 0.s. ) ( on the radio ) it 's not he . we will keep go . coordinator ( 0.s. ) ( on the radio ) get it . stay in touch . when the young women draw even with the operative , one of they give hima wink . they turn and walk down the road past the building , head in the direction of another operative ( 40 ) wear camo and equip with a radio , stand outside the third entrance down . young woman 1 ( slow down as they reach the operative ) hey , it 's the little green man ! what planet be you from ? operative keep move , lady . young woman 1 60 so polite ! her friend drag she along . 102 . int . anton 's place . bedroom . blue hour early twilight . on the bed , zhenya and anton be asleep under the cover , they arm around each other . 103 . int . masha 's place . bedroom . blue hour daybreak . on the bed , boris be lie on he back , sleep like a log , as the say go . masha be lie on she side next to he , watch he profile silently . 104 . ext . commuter district . day early morning . flier bear alyosha 's photo be plaster all over the still desert street : on the bus stop , lamp post , outside building and store entrance , on announcement board , on the back of park bench , on wall and fence ... 105 . int . morgue . hallway . day the coordinator march briskly down a long hallway inconsistently light with fluorescent light . boris follow he , then zhenya a few step back , with anton lag behind considerably . 106 . int . morgue . cold storage . day the coordinator , boris , and zhenya stand over a body ona gurney , conceal by a sheet . coordinator this will not be easy . zhenya I be ready . the coordinator turn he head and nod to someone . a morgue technician emerge from the side somewhere , wear a lab coat that be once white , and uncover the body . zhenya yelp , then immediately clamp a hand over she mouth . she stare at the gurney , she eye bulg with horror . the blood drain from boris 's face . he sway slightly , as if punch in the chest by a invisible fist , he breath catch in he throat . zhenya ( hold a hand to she face ) it 's not he . they be look at the disfigure body of a child : face smashed beyond recognition , body cover with bruise and sign of putrefaction , and a clotted reddish - black mess where the sex organ should be . 61 zhenya alyosha have a birthmark right there , on he chest . ( look helplessly at boris ) a birthmark ... on he chest ... boris ( catch she eye , then immediately look at the coordinator ) it 's not he . coordinator be you sure ? boris yes . zhenya it 's not he . the foot , the hand , the finger — all different . tremble , she take a step back . zhenya please , take it away ... boris move towards she , as if to catch she . she motion for he to stop . the coordinator nod to the morgue technician , who cover the body with the sheet and roll the gurney around the corner and into the darkness . coordinator the proper thing would be to run a DNA analysis , just to be sure ... boris to be sure of what ? it 's not he . zhenya we be absolutely certain it 's not he . coordinator you know , sometimes people simply refuse to believe ... zhenya ( raise she voice ) it 's not he . how many time do we have to tell you ? coordinator listen , you be the only one who can request the test . the cop still have not open a case . dragging it out , as usual . 62 you detective , it turn out , be retire in a few day - he have other thing on he mind ... zhenya ( explode ) quite torture we ! I tell you , plain as day : it 's not he ! you hear I ? it 's not he ! not he ! ( to boris ) say something ! she stare desperately at boris , then suddenly wring she hand as tear literally stream from she eye . she suddenly look like a little girl . zhenya I want you to suffer , I want you to hurt , you bastard ! I would have never give he up , you hear I ? never ! you understand ? I would have never give he up to anyone ! she lunge at boris , fist raise , and start pummel he on the chest , shoulder , face ... he do not defend himself . blood start drip from he nose . zhenya I will never give he up ! you hear I ? never ! please God , just let he come back ! the coordinator drag she away from boris and lead she out into the hallway . 107 . int . morgue . hallway . day the coordinator lead zhenya out into the hallway . anton dash over , put he arm around zhenya , and hold she close . zhenya ( she face bury in he chest ) it 's not he ... it 's not he ... anton ( whisper ) thank God for that . that 's good . the coordinator return to the cold storage room . 108 . int . morgue . cold storage . day the coordinator return to the cold storage room to see boris sit on the floor , slump against the wall , head hang down , face bury in he hand . he feel the presence of another person , lift he head , glance at the coordinator , then hide he face in he hand again . blood be smear under he nose . 109 . int . sleptsovs 's place . alyosha 's room . day boris and zhenya 's old apartment be undergo major renovation . a contractor enter alyosha 's former room from the hallway , cross over to some bag of construction trash stack by one of the wall , pick one up , and walk out of the room . another contractor be peel wallpaper from a different wall . 63 eventually , he reach the incredible poster , and pull it down along with the wallpaper stick to it . outside the window , it be winter . snow be fall over the same view of the wood that stretch as far as the eye can see under a dirty sky , with the same large satellite communication antenna loom over the forest , its dish angle straight up ' observe 's the sky . 110 . int . masha 's place . kitchen / hallway . day masha and she mother be make dumpling in the kitchen . a text message notification chime on a cell phone in the hallway . masha wipe she hand and walk out into the hallway to get she phone from the side table that stand under the mirror by the front door . she pick up the phone , look at the screen , press a few button , and carry the phone back into the kitchen . 111 . int . masha 's place . live room . day from the hallway , we see a 2 - year - old child walk brightly around the live room with toy in hand . a tv in the live room be show a report on the winter military action in debaltsevo , a village in Eastern Ukraine . boris be watch the report from the couch in front of the tv , eat chip right out of the bag . he have a beard and a different haircut . 112 . int . anton 's place . live room . day the same report be play on the tv . zhenya , with a new haircut and look like a different person , she face alter in some elusive way , be sit with she foot on the couch in front of the tv , flipping through she iphone 6 . finally , she press a button on the side of the phone , switch off the screen , get up from the couch , and carry the gadget out of the room . on the other end of the couch , anton do not look up from the tv . 113 . int . anton 's place . balcony . day ina spacious , winterize balcony with expensive window pane , radiator , and heat floor , zhenya be run on a treadmill . she run for a long time . finally , she lower the speed and slow down , then switch to a walk and stop , breathe heavily . she turn off the treadmill . 114 . ext . ravine . blue hour twilight . it 's snow . a badly fade flier with a barely distinguishable photo and text be tape to a lamp post that stand over a paved footpath down in the ravine . the tape 's dirty edge be peel off in place . the flier read '' alyosha sleptsov , 12 year old , miss since September 26 , 2012 ... '' 64