lucy written by luc besson '' 2012 europacorp any copy , reproduction , representation , communication , by any form and / or method , of this screenplay be strictly prohibit , all rights be expressly reserve to europacorp . 11/02/2012 ii. nota this film be extremely visual . it be difficult to describe in word without run the risk of lose or boring the reader . I have come up with a simplify summary , therefore , like a reader 's guide , which will conjure up the image in as few word as| possible : - the beginning be leon the professional ~ the middle be inception - the end be 2001 : a space odyssey do not interpret this as pretention on my part , merely a visual , emotional and philosophical point of reference . fade up close ona cell , see through a microscope . open title . the cell split in two , then four , then eight ... with each new title card , life develop , methodically , diligently ... CUT : a prehistorical man and woman be argue near a fire . it appear that he want to have sex with she , but she do not . a few meter from there , a group of neanderthals be look at they . black feminine voice ( off ) life be give to we a billion year ago . what have we do with it ? title of the film appear : Lucy ext . STREET , taipei - sunrise the first ray of the sun 's light stream between the building of Taipei , touch the face of lucy , 25 . last night 's make - up cake on she skin . she have be up all night . she wear a tight leopard print miniskirt , and be try to get she jacket on she bare shoulder . richard , 28 , be stand next to she in vintage ray ban and a bono-style stetson . Lucy take a sip of she coffee from a taiwanese Starbucks . richard Lucy , it 's easy as pie . in , out , all do and dust , Lucy so , why do not you do it yourself ? richard ( syrupy ) for fun , that 's all ! the last thing the guy be expect be a total 10 turn up to deliver he case . it will blow he mind . cmon ! she take another sip of coffee , turn she face to the sun . Lucy what 's in it ? richard ( shrug ) sweetheart ! do not get paranoid on I ! it 's fifty foot ! and I be right here ! you trust I , do not you ? CUT : flash of Lucy and Richard crazy on the dance floor . flash of they drink champagne and laugh . flash of Richard fill a glass of champagne , and put a pill in it . Lucy shoot it down , without notice . flash of Lucy laugh flash of Lucy be take by Richard in the restroom . 29/10/2012 3. the neanderthals be not far away . back to scene Lucy I gotta go . Lucy kiss he on the cheek , start to go . Richard look nervous , grab she by the arm . richard hey , Lucy , Lucy !!! what be you do ?? Lucy I have exam on Monday , Richard . so I be gonna take a shower and work ! richard hey , you know the other day , somebody drag I to a exhibit ion-- something about dinosaur -- and the first ever prehistoric woman be right there . know what ? her name be Lucy . insert : the real prehistoric Lucy sit half - naked , gaze blankly at the camera . back to scene : miniskirt Lucy stare at Richard . Lucy and that 's suppose to make I feel better ? richard ( realize ) yeah , no , I mean ... sorry ! I guess I mean Lennon and McCartney 's Lucy ! Lucy give he a blank look . Richard hum the tune . richard ( cont 'd ) ( sing ) Lucy in the sky with dia -a-a-mond ! Lucy roll she eye . lucy T will call you this week . she 's ready to go . Richard grab she again by the arm . on edge . richard Lucy ! look , I can not deliver the case myself . I have a little fall - out with the guy . nothing major but ... if we run into each other now , it 's gonna be a bit tense and who need that right now ? if it 's you , problem 's solve . he take the case , end of story . Lucy sigh . richard ( cont 'd ) it will take twenty second . you walk in there , go up to reception and ask for Mr. wang . he come down , take the case , you flash he you prettiest smile and bounce . look ! ( more ) richard ( cont ’d ) you can see the reception from here ! I will not take my eye off you . T will even press my nose up against the window if you want . Lucy peer inside the Imperial Hotel . classy . five star . ' and he 's right , she can see the reception from where they be ' stand , outside the big plate- glass window . insert : na mouse scamper around a trap hold a juicy chunk of cheese . ' back to scene : Lucy hesitates . sigh . Lucy what 's in the case ? richard paperwork . Lucy let 's see . richard tt 's lock and only Mr. wang have the code . I be just the delivery boy . Lucy glance at the handcuff dangle from the case handle . lucy you mean , you get pay for this ? busted . Richard try to laugh it of f. richard yeah ... kind of . Lucy how much ? richard ( chuckle feebly ) oh ? we be negotiate now ? Lucy no , I be just curious how much you get pay . go on ... how much ? richard ( hesitates ) ..a thousand . dollar . Lucy a thousand dollar ? for deliver paperwork ? richard Babe ! T do not know ! from time to time , I get give a case and I deliver it toa hotel , period . it take I ten minute and they pay I agrand . the rest be none of my business . Lucy ( nervous smile ) you say you be gonna give I a ride home , and in fact you want I to work for youl richard how 's this ? we split it down the middle . five hundred for you . five hundred for I . Lucy Richard , seriously . there 's something fishy go on here . you should be careful . ' she kiss he on the cheek and set of for . Richard catch she by the arm . richard ( irritate ) listen , it 's the third time this week I be show up in the same hotel with the same cowboy hat . they gotta be suspicious . Lucy grab he stetson and put it on . Lucy Problem solve . richard Lucy , honey ! I have do this a dozen time ! it 's paperwork ! richard ( cont 'd ) probably some design they have swipe so they can copy they . that 's how it work in this country . even my stetson be make here ! look ! it say so on the label . Lucy glance inside the hat . the label read make iin Taiwan . she slip it back on he head . Lucy so long , cowboy witha fake stetson ! she smile , turn and walk away , really go this time . Richard grab she by the wrist . richard baby , please ... Lucy T gotta go . ina flash , Richard slip the handcuff from the case handle around she wrist . insert : the trap snap close on the foolhardy mouse . lucy ( cont 'd ) ( sigh ) what the ... Richard ! what the hell be you do ? richard ( smile ) sorry . I really need you help . he head toward the hotel entrance . Lucy be force to tag along . lucy ( piss of f) Richard ! Richard ! hold on a second ! what be this shit ? take this of for of I right now ! richard ( serious ) I do not have the key . Mr. wang have it . all you have to do be go into the hotel and ask for he at the reception desk . ( more ) richard ( cont 'd ) he will come down with the key and you will be free to go . Lucy ( firmly ) take it of fll right now ! richard look , I be sorry . I really have no choice . I will be watch you all the way . the sooner you go , the sooner you will be back . lucy T can not believe you do this to I . richard I will not move from here . you have my word . Lucy you word be not worth shit ! Richard count out five hundred dollar and wedge the bill in she cleavage . richard it 's worth five hundred buck , at least ! and the money up front ! buy yourself areal stetson with it . he grab he hat back and put it on . Lucy glance around . the street look normal , the hotel be reassuringly quiet . 10 . luccy ( cold ) you be a asshole ! richard ( warm ) you be wonderfull ' she sigh and head for the hotel entrance . insert : a gazelle trot along in the savannah , under the avid gaze of a prowling lion . int . HOTEL - day 4 Lucy pause to adjust she skirt . she walk slowly across the lobby , eye darting this way and that , on the alert , but she do not really know what she 's look out for -- proof of some kind of dirty trick , for sure . Richard stand outside , press up against the glass , mock she paranoia . insert : the gazelle stand still , glance around . tn the long grass , the lion slip silently into position . concierge miss ? Lucy 's mind have go blank . she can not even remember the guy 's name . concierge ( cont 'd ) ( sweetly ) what can I do for you ? will . Lucy er ... wang ? Mr. wang ? concierge ( uncomfortable ) yes ? Lucy I would like to see he . the concierge pick up the phone . concierge who should I say be here ? Lucy Richard . T mean ... Mr. Richard send I . the concierge talk in chinese to Mr. wang . concierge and you name be ...? Lucy I be just here instead of Richard . he 's look for somewhere to park . the concierge translate into the phone . concierge Mr. wang still want to know you name . insert : the gazelle be anxious . the lion creep closer . Lucy Lucy . 12 . concierge Lucy what ? Lucy Lucy Lucy . that will have to do . tell he to come down quickly because I be run late . I have get to get to work and -- concierge just a second while I translate . beat . a awkward pause . the concierge hang up . concierge ( cont 'd ) Mr. wang 's on he way . stay right here . Lucy ( take aback ) cant sit ? concierge Mr. wang say you need to stay right here , so I think it 's better if you stay right here . Lucy 's worried now . as if she 's finally get proof that something be not right . the phone ring . the concierge answer . concierge ( cont 'd ) Excuse I . he continue the conversation in chinese . 13 . Lucy sigh and look around . Richard be still at the window , smile . '' Lucy make a face , try to exorcise she own fear . it 's too late for that . ' four goons get off the elevator and head for the reception desk . Lucy sense that trouble 's come she way . female intuition be a wonderful thing . ' insert : ' the gazelle have see the lion look at she . back to scene : none of the goons weigh less than 100 kilo . they jacket be bulg with hardware . Lucy begin quietly to freak out . she frantically glance around at Richard , who give she two thumb -up . suddenly ... asilent but deadly bullet thwacks into he back . Richard 's chest burst open and paint the window red , Richard collapse . Lucy be petrify . the case slip from she grasp and dangle from the handcuff chain , insert : the gazelle bolt . the lion take off in pursuit . Lucy turn back to the concierge , but she can not get a word out . Lucy the ... the ... Police ! call the police ! 14 . the four man close in around she . tao , the slender one , push the muzzle of he gun into she back . he talk calmly , as if parking a car . the concierge translate for Lucy . concierge ( tense ) he say to stay calm and everything will be fine . insert : the gazelle dodge a murderous swipe of a paw by inch . Lucy nod . she sway and she eye roll back in she head as if she 's about to faint , but two of the goons hold she up straight . tao put a roll of dollar bill on the counter . the concierge take it and duck behind the counter . distant siren wail . ' the goons talk among themselves in chinese , grab Lucy and haul she toward the elevator . in the furor cause by Richard 's violent death , nobody intervene . the elevator door close . insert : aheavy paw slam the gazelle to the ground . the four lion dive in , like lehman Brothers trader . int . elevator - day 5 surrounded by the four goons , ina steel cage hurtle to the ' 25th and top floor , Lucy begin to shake uncontrollably . 15 . Lucy ( like a child ) look , I have get nothing to do with all this ... fluid trickle down she leg . tao notice and step back , witha few snarky remark in chinese . ' the elevator door open . int . hallway - day 6 ' the small group swooshes down the long hallway , the thick carpet muffle they step . ' Lucy feel like she 's be walk down death row . at the far end , a sign on a door proclaim Royal suite . int . royal suite - day 7 ' the curtain be draw , block out all but a few shaft of light . in one corner , the foot of three corpse be visible , pile on top of each other . Lucy puke . who can blame she ? ' the goons grab she before she collapse , and drop she in a chair . tao appear with a towel that he lob at she for she to clean herself up . 16 . ' Lucy do not react . she can not take she eye off the heap of ' corpse and sign of gruesome activity take place in the ' room next door . ' tao bark out some order . ' agoon tug the bedroom door close to block out the sight of the corpse , while another begin dabbing at Lucy with the ' towel . Lucy ( stammer ) t.. I have not do anything ... ' aman enter . early fifty , three - piece suit , and blood drip ' from he hand . with complete disregard for the carpet , a goon pour evian water on the man 's hand so he can rinse they of for . lucy ( cont 'd ) ( terrify ) you ... you speak English ? no answer . the man meticulously wipe he hand and check there be not any stain on he suit . lucy ( cont 'd ) ( in Spanish ) T know a little Spanish , too ... mr . wang speak chinese and only chinese . wang quizze tao , who reply . the only word Lucy pick up be when tao mention she name . lucy ( cont 'd ) yes ! I be Lucy , but I have not do anything wrong ! it 's Richard . ( more ) 17 . lucy ( cont ’d ) he tell I to deliver the case . here ... take it , but do not feel you have to chop my hand of for . just cut through the chain if you have lose the key . ' they pursue they discussion in chinese . apparently , there 's a ' problem . wang sigh and sit down . ' he motion for Lucy to be bring over . ' she struggle and squirm all she can . after all , nobody like to ' have they hand chop of for . lucy ( cont 'd ) nol please ! I be begging you ! she 's pin to a chair face wang across he desk . meanwhile , wang make a call and launch into another discussion in chinese . Lucy finally begin to tire and calm down a little . ' wang activate the phone 's loudspeaker . phone voice ( strong chinese accent ) hello , miss . I speak English . I translate you for Mr. wang . Lucy realize that this voice be most likely she only hope . ' she lean closer to the phone . Lucy tell he I have not do anything . this be all a terrible mistake . I have no idea what 's in the damn case ! 18 . phone voice hold on , hold on , not so fast . the man on the phone translate for wang , who ask a question . phone voice ( cont 'd ) Mr. wang want to know what 's in the case . '' insert : ' amouse run round and round on a plastic wheel . Lucy 's final hope be dash . ' all alone in the world . Lucy but ... I just tell you I have no idea what 's in it ! do you speak English or do not you ? phone voice yes , I do ! I study one year at International High School in New York . I study a lot English . ' the man speak English like a 6th-grader . Lucy try she best to stay calm and speak clearly . Lucy look ! I swear ... I have no idea what be in that case ! Richard give it to I outside the hotel and ask I to take it to reception . that 's all I know . as for anything else , there 's no point torture I , I do not know a thing ! the phone voice translate . on edge , wang fire in another question . phone voice Mr. wang want to know where be Richard . she 's floundering in a nightmare . ' insert : ' the mouse in the wheel , stop move . tear run down Lucy 's cheek . Lucy but ... he 's dead ! outside the hotel . I think you man have ... she glance at tao , who remain as expressionless as a lump of lead . Lucy ( cont 'd ) I do not know anymore ... I do not get it ... ' wang stare at she , and issue a few order and stand . ' more goons arrive with plexiglas shield to form a sort of wall nat one end of the room . helmet and gas mask be hand round . ' everybody get kitted up . except Lucy . agoon put a piece of paper in front of Lucy . lucy ( cont 'd ) they have put a note in front of I , with number on it . phone voice it 's the code to open the case . 20 . Lucy look up and realize why the whole gang be cower behind riot shield and wear helmet and gas mask . Lucy what 's in the case ? phone voice nothing dangerous . lucy so why will not Mr. wang open it himself ? phone voice he do not trust Mr. Richard . lucy tell he I do not trust Richard either so maybe the case should be open up someplace else . the voice translate . ' Mr. wang scowl and brusquely motion to he man . ' Lucy immediately have seven gun point at she . phone voice Mr. wang insist that you open the case . Lucy do not really have a choice . she 's terrify . Lucy ( to herself ) okay , okay ... one by one , she spin the wheel of the combination lock . 21 . lucy ( cont 'd ) ( tear in she eye ) please ... God ... help I ... ' she turn the fourth wheel . nothing go of for . ' except wang , yell impatiently . phone voice now open the case . Lucy take a deep breath and ... jerk the case open so fast that everybody jump back . Lucy open she eye . she 's not dead . wang yell once more . phone voice ( cont 'd ) can you describe the content of the case ? Lucy five transparent plastic pouch . fill with a bluish powder ... maybe violet ... look icky ! Lucy heave a sigh . her nerve be frazzle . phone voice look what ? lucy icky ! phone voice euh ... do you have another word ? 22 . lucy ( with anger ) sick ! dirty ! disgusting ! shit in powder ! slumbag ! you get it ?! the voice translate and wang send a goon forward . ' the goon pull on glove , take out a box - cutter and delicately slice open a packet . ' he spoon a little of the spangly powder onto the table . Lucy watch he apprehensively . two goons haul a 40 - kilo wreck of a human be into the room . probably dutch . a real dope fiend who 's try everything except detergent . the dope fiend be dumped in front of Lucy . the poor guy be absolutely devoid of reaction . a straw be place in front of he . he barely register . one of the goons take the young dutch guy 's hand and gently close he finger around a straw . he urge he on , as if encourage a child to finish he dessert . the kid finally understand . he position the straw and snort the spangly powder far up he ' nose . the least you can say be that it wake he up . the dutch guy spasm , twist and jerk . his muscle strain as if he 's climaxing or beat the world weightlifting record . he stand bolt upright like a bamboo plant . he cackle , explode with laughter . he start hit the wall , babbling in dutch . Lucy gawk at he . wang peer at the guy , study he reaction intently . the dope fiend start bang he head against the wall , then he contort as if rack with convulsion . the guy 's go to blow . it 's obvious . wang motion to a goon . 23. _ the goon waste the young guy like a lab rat that 's outlive its usefulness , it take five bullet , then a dozen more , to keep the fly dutchman down . Lucy 's face be spatter with blood , she be in horrorland . on a one - way ticket . ' the goon with glove on reappear and poke at the content of ' the case witha chopstick and a little mirror to check there be no mechanism underneath the pouch . lucy ( cont 'd ) what be you go to do with I now ? kill I ? be that the plan ? now I have see all this , you be gonna say you have not get any choice , T suppose . it be too easy just to let I go , be not it ? '' the voice translate . ' wang just sit stony - face while the goon complete he slow , - painstake inspection . ' denied a response , Lucy heave a sigh . she watch the sweat - soak goon raise and peer under each plastic packet . ' suddenly , Lucy pull the pouch out one by one . she deposit they on the table as if unpack she grocery . wang stare in astonishment . lucy ( cont 'd ) ( try to pull herself together ) ok ... look ... you get what you want ... can I go now ?... please ? 24 . | the translation take some time , but it 's worth it : for the first time , wang crack a smile . phone voice Mr. wang have a counter - proposal for | you . Lucy oh ? phone voice he 's offer you a job . Lucy be speechless . lucy a job ? agoon come over . | Lucy look up just in time to see he fist crunching into she ' face . insert : | ahuge " 1 % " fill the screen . '' rapid montage : ' aseaanemone darting in the current / a billow jellyfish / a ' blunder creature from the depth / a squiggly tadpole int . lecture hall , paris - day _ professor norman , late 40' , give a lecture to pack _row of student . 25 . professor norman tf life start approximately a billion year ago then we will have to wait 400,000 year to see the aberration of the first nerve cell . this be where life as we know it begin . brain in formation of only a few milligram , there be no way to determine any sign of intelligence yet , it act more as a reflex . one neuron , you be alive . two neuron you be move , and with movement that 's when interesting thing begin to happen . insert : ' a huge " 5 % " fill the screen . [ rapid montage : ' a cheetah hunt / a sea otter break opena sea urchin on nit belly witha stone / a bear fishing / a eagle fishing / a gazelle stand on its hind leg to reach low- hang leave / a dog run in circle before settling down / a cat play witha little ball . professor norman ( cont 'd ) Animal life on earth go back million of year , yet most species use barely 3 - 5 % of they brain 's capacity . rat , fox , and crow be patently smart and organize , but it 's only when you reach human being , at the top of the animal chain , that you finally see a species use more of its cerebral capacity . insert : a huge " 10 % " fill the screen . 26 . insert : | aprehistoric man bang two rock together and grin happily . professor norman ( cont 'd ) 10 % seem very little , but be really quite a lot when you look at all we have do with it . rapid montage : ' Adam / a wash machine / a bike / a rocket / a electric juicer / a soccer match on tv / the eiffel Tower / a satellite / bank note roll off a printing press / a trading floor / a operate room / a swathe of solar panel / a indian temple / thousand of container stack on dock / a fashion show / a robot building acar / the pyramid in Egypt / the pyramid in the Louvre / a steel ball on a thread strike the first ball ina _series and provoking perpetual motion . the prehistoric man crack the two rock together until spark ' begin to fly and kindling catch fire . professor norman ( cont 'd ) despite all this wonderful invention and undisputable ingenuity we be prisoner of the natural selection so dear to darwin - - adapt to one 's environment or die . now let 's discuss a special case -- the only live be that use its brain better than we . the dolphin . _agiant photo of a dolphin appear on the screen behind the Professor . -a student nudge he pretty neighbor and flash the dolphin ' tattoo on he shoulder . 27 . professor norman ( cont 'd ) my dear Jean , it will take more than a tattoo for you to be its equal . more laughter in the hall . Jean smile sheepishly . professor norman ( cont 'd ) it be estimate that this exceptional animal with its permanent and beautiful smile use up to 20 % of its cerebral capacity . in particular , this allow it to have a echolocation system that be far more efficient than any sonar invent by mankind , but the dolphin do not " invent " the sonar , it '' develop '' it naturally , and this be the crucial part of we philosophical reflection that we have today . can we therefore conclude , that human be concerned with " have " rather than '' be , '' and in fact '' invent '' only what they would be capable of develop naturally if they take the time and , of course , if they use they brain a little better . int , room ecu as Lucy open one eye . she be not dead , but be not sure just yet if that 's a good thing . in bra and panty , she 's stretch out on a examine table in aroom that look vaguely like a recovery room . Lucy sit up , but be immediately grip by a terrible pain in she stomach . 10 28 . | she look down and see that she whole lower gut be bandage up , as if she 's be subject toa particularly incompetent C - ' section . | it hurt , but she still manage to sit up . what worry she more than the pain be not know what ‘exactly they have do to she . she see a bottle of painkiller ' next to she and take two . ' two guard enter , startling she . they throw over a bag of clothes and motion for Lucy to get ' dress . int . live room 10 very european -style decor , kind of '' rich asian want he very own versaille . " only the maid in traditional dress remind we that we be in Asia . Lucy arrive wear a denim skirt , flat shoe and white t-shirt . definitely not dress to kill . she be flanke by the two guard , who open a door , revealing a ' magnificent library . Mr. wang sit cradling a glass of brandy . two white man in designer suit be with he . clearly not human _rights activist or charity worker . ' Lucy walk forward . | wang smile . this bastard look almost happy to see she again . Lucy what have you do to my stomach ? one of the mucky - muck answer instead of wang . he have a English accent that 's so thick you could cut it witha knife . 29 . the limey ( smile ) it 's just a little horizontal slit . but it 's very well do . you will see , ina month the scar will be practically invisible . you will be able to show you tummy off on Miami Beach next summer . Lucy it 's not the scar that worry I -- the limey it 's why we open you up ? ' Lucy nod apprehensively . the limey smile , like a white shark . the limey ( cont 'd ) Rest assure , we do not harvest any of you organ . we merely slip a small packet into you lower tummy . tt will be remove as soon as you arrive in Los Angeles . lucy it 's ... it 's a packet of the powder that ... that be in the case ? the limey smart girl . | flash : Lucy see the dutchman from the earlier scene twist _ and convulse . - back to : Lucy look about to faint . a bodyguard stop she . 30 . the limey ( cont 'd ) cp.h.4 , a prototype , for what we believe will be the next big thing in recreational drug use . Lucy 's just grasp what she new job be : drug mule . | wang wave he hand . Lucy be lead next door . il uint . live room will Lucy be march to the far end of the room , next to four man . two of they have no shirt on , revealing bulky bandage on they stomach . ' Lucy do the math : five packet in the case , five mule , a chinese gangster hand out passport and plane ticket . the limey ( typically british politeness ) good morning to you , gentleman and lady . first of all , many thanks for take part in this experiment , which I be sure will go of for flawlessly . this passport and ticket will enable you to return home within the next twenty - four hour . upon arrival , you will be take in hand by we people , so that we might recover we merchandise and you might rediscover the freedom you so richly deserve . ( more ) 31 . the limey ( cont 'd ) I be sure I do not need to remind you that if you be apprehend by the police , you run the risk of up to ten year in prison . as for that of you who may be tempt to warn or hand themselves in to the authority , may I point out we have the name and address of the family of every one of you , down to the most distant cousin . therefore , we rely on you complete discretion . ' Lucy look at she comrade in misfortune as if they be already dead . the limey ( cont 'd ) but enough of my speedy lie . gentlemen , lady ... allow I to wish you '' bon voyage ! " the guard rush over and pull hood over the guinea pig 's head . the limey be intrigue by Lucy and move closer , stand face she , a amused smile flirt across he lip . Lucy you be gonna kill thousand of people with this shit ! the limey ( smile ) we all have to die sometime , darling , but before death , there will be pleasure ! no more grief , no more pain . for a few brief moment , the sense of be king of the world , of be immortal . and forget the crappy one they live in , 32 . ' Lucy be the last of the mule to be hood . ' blackout . professor norman ( 0.5 . ) for primitive being like we , life seem to have in reality one single purpose : to go through time . 12 int . lecture hall , part - day 12 Professor norman stand face it 's student . professor norman go through time seem to be the only real purpose of each of we cell . to achieve that aim , the mass of cell that make up the earthworm and the human be have only two solution : to be immortal or to reproduce . _ aslide flash up with two word in cap : ' immortality / reproduction . professor norman ( cont 'd ) tf its habitat be not sufficiently favorable or nurture ... high -speed montage : | a raging ocean / a erupting volcano / a cyclone / wildfire / major pollution . professor norman ( cont 'd ) . the cell will opt for immortality , in other word self - sufficiency and self - management . 33 . image of a autonomous cell . professor norman ( cont 'd ) it will develop a perfect system of consumption and recycle of all it have . such be the case of carcinogenic cell , for example . they be cell that consider they environment -- the body that house they -- to be insufficiently propitious . thus , they change they way of function . on the other hand , if the habitat be favorable ... insert : aquiet forest /a pristine glacier / calm seas . professor norman ( cont 'd ) .. the cell will choose to reproduce . montage : alion and lioness copulate / two monkey / two elephant / a - car rock and creak in a empty parking lot . professor norman ( cont 'd ) when it die , the cell pass on essential information to another cell , which pass it on to another , and so on ... montage : give birth : a zebra / a cow / asea-horse / a dolphin / a human . professor norman ( cont 'd ) in this way , knowledge and learn be pass down ... through time . insert : ' close on the lecture hall clock as the minute hand move round one notch . 34 . professor norman ( cont 'd ) million of we cell die every day , to the extent that none of the cell that constitute we being now be present on the day of we birth . so the body of we childhood be no longer there , but the spirit remain . and that reveal the full complexity of we existence : we body accept die a little bit every day , while we spirit do not , and be afraid of only one thing : death . blackout . we hear Lucy 's breathe . hard and fast . like she heartbeat . fear in she belly . gradually , we sense a little more light . | the sound of a engine . the city . through the thick weave of the hood into Lucy 's private sphere . her eye . her mouth . mumbling to herself . Lucy .. Lucy ... keep calm . you have to wait , play for time . you will have time to think it through on the plane . yes , that 's right . take that flight . get out of here . do not try anything yet . keep you cool . you be alive , that 's all that matter . wait ... wait ... wait ... 13 int . room 13 suddenly , the hood be rip off . Bright , dazzle light . straight into poor Lucy 's face . 35 . Change of set . some kind of warehouse . she 's in a padded room -- the kind of room where you can scream _all you like and not have to worry about upsetting the neighbor . " set in the far wall be a large ring with a meter- length of chain dangle from it . " Three man haul Lucy over there and handcuff she to the chain . ' the three guy babble away in chinese . the way they leer at Lucy leave no doubt about the subject of they conversation . one of they come over and touch she hair , as if feel for quality . Lucy stiffen , but simply move she head away from he hand . Lucy please ... no ... _ the second guy clasp she breast with one hand , as if testing a ' melon at a market stall for ripeness . Lucy give he a free taste of she fist witha side order of handcuff chain . lucy ( cont 'd ) ( fiery ) I be not in the mood ! the goon freak out and punch she back , in the face . Lucy fall back and he kick she in the gut several time . : Lucy 's eye nearly pop out in agony . one of the other guard grab he buddy and hustle he out . they lock and bolt the door , leave Lucy writhe in pain , sgasp for breath and clutching she stomach . 14 36 . the camera close in , closer and closer on she stomach , until the view penetrate the fiber of she bandage . int . lucy body 14 the camera enter Lucy 's skin like a endoscope . the view penetrate she flesh until it focus on one of the corner of the plastic packet . it look like underwater footage of the exploration of the Titanic , the view track alongside the packet , until it reach the bow . just like the Titanic , it 's split open . the kick from the chinese guard have rupture the pouch . | the dope spill out like fluid . it 's like the milky way -- sparkling , skip , shifting , purple , blue , red ... it rocket through she system , like a firework , a luminescent streak lighting up she vein from the inside and make the wall of the vein phosphorescent . whenever a vein branch off in two direction , the streak of powder split up . we follow one all the way to the huge valve that give access to the heart , like a sacred entrance toa temple . the fluid engulf the heart . ' Lucy contort in pain , like a wriggle earthworm . after see what one gram of c.p.h.4 do to the dutchman , it 's - easy to imagine the effect of one kilo . _ her body twist into insane , completely dislocate position , ' like a fish out of water or a garden hose go wild . she spin round and round like a top , hit herself all over . the sound that come out of she mouth be inhuman , more like _ the grunt of a fatally wounded animal . she slither across the floor on she back , push against the wall and start slide up it . dream and reality converge . 15 37 . finally , Lucy raise herself up , let out a bloodcurdle scream vand charge into the wall head first . blackout , insert : professor norman ( 0.s. ) let 's imagine for a few moment what we life would be like if we have access to , let 's say , 20 % of we brain 's capacity . a huge " 20 % " fill the screen . int . lecture hall , paris - day 15 norman stand on the wooden rostrum face he student . ' insert : professor norman if we go down the same road as the dolphin , we would be able to localize object from a distance , and receive and analyze a much broad spectrum of electric impulse . this first stage would in fact give we access to and control over we own body . Black & white archive footage of a fakir meditate on a bed of '' nail . professor norman ( cont 'd ) manage we oxygen consumption , control enzyme , globule , heartbeat , mood ... ( more ) 38 . professor norman ( cont 'd ) we might even be able to order we body to prioritize repair of this or that damage organ . _ image of sonar , cell and fluid flash up behind the professor . _ the student be entrance yet skeptical . one raise he hand . norman nod to he . student have it be prove scientifically ? I mean , how can you calculate capability like that ? professor norman for the moment , it be just a hypotheses . I confess , there 's nothing very scientific about it . we be just a group of nerd play with old theory , but if you think about it , it be very disturbing that the Greeks , the egyptian , and the Indians , have already some notion of cell many century before we invent the microscope , and what to say about darwin who everyone be take for a fool when he first present he theory of evolution . it be up to we to push the rule and law and to go from evolution to revolution . the young audience be smile professor norman ( cont 'd ) one hundred billion neuron per human be , of which only 15 % be activate . there be more connection in we body than there be star in the galaxy . ( hore oy 39 . professor norman ( cont ’d ) we possess a gigantic information network , to which we have practically no access . insert : the color picture of the entire galaxy . the student be perplex . student and the next stage ? professor norman the next stage would probably be control other people . insert : b&w footage of a magician wave he arm and put he assistant to sleep . the assistant keel over . professor norman ( cont 'd ) but for that we would need to have at we disposal at least 40 - 50 % of we cerebral capacity . after control of oneself and control of other , next up , probably , would be control matter , but now we be enter the realm of science - fiction . insert : a old b&w movie . a man raise he arm . a vase rise and ' hover in mid-air . professor norman ( cont 'd ) Nonetheless , it 's the logical next stage , require access to at least 70 - 80 % of cerebral capacity . 16 40 . student what would happen if somebody unlock 100 % of they cerebral capacity ? Professor norman smile at the Student . professor norman 100 % ? I would rather not imagine ... : blackout . int . room 16 Lucy 's eye flit wide open . her retina change , go through a ' spectrum from cat to reptile to bird , before become human '' again . there be aglint in she eye that we have not see before . ' something cold , jag , primal ... something animal . she pick herself up with no apparent pain , stare at the back _of she hand , crack she neck ... _lucy grab a chair and sit down , back straight , palm on she _ knee , eye jet black . Lucy be a change woman . _ she sit motionless in the corner , like a robot resetting . : the door open . _ the guard who beat she up enter , slap a tray of food down on ' the table and glance at Lucy as she sit motionless in the corner . Lucy do not take she eye off he . hand on hip , the guy gaze back at she . 41 . | Lucy calmly smile at he and slowly open she leg . _ the guy be give a unobstructed view up she denim skirt . ' he smile at she open invitation , check there 's no - one in the ' hallway , lock the door and walk over . " just incase it 's a trap , he leave the key in the lock and he gun on the table , where Lucy can not reach it because of the chain . ' he stand in front of Lucy and slip he hand between she leg . it 's the last move he will ever make . Lucy snap she leg close on he hand . the man howl . insert : _ like a fox when a pincer trap snap close on its leg . snakelike , Lucy strike . wrap the chain round the guy 's throat . his neck snap and he fall lifelessly to the floor . Lucy move fast , as if she have it all plan out , as if kill a guy for the first time mean nothing to she . | she tear he pant leg into strip , wind they together , put they end to end and knot they into a length of homemade '' rope . she pick up the chair , shatter it on the floor and tie the U - . shape frame of the front leg to the end of she rope . ' it 's all do in under ten second , with chill composure . with she makeshift grapple hook , Lucy snag one leg of the _ table , which she haul across the room . she grab the gun , blow _ open she handcuffs and head for the door . 17 42 . int . hallway 7 ' Lucy slink swiftly down the empty hallway , she eye still : shimmer somberly . all fear have leave she . ' she enter a small room , where four guard be play | mahjong . they immediately stop laugh and freeze , stare at ' Lucy . ' CUT : 4 cheetah run at full speed on the plain . a gazelle be right ibehind chase the cheetah . ' back to scene Lucy 's in a hurry . i she waste the first two guy at point-blank range . ' the other two dive for cover , but Lucy skirt the table and plug the third player . ' despite he extreme panic-stricken state , the last guard have imanage to draw he gun . he shoot Lucy in the shoulder . she rock back but barely even grunt . then blow he away with a bullet to the brain . Lucy lob she empty gun onto the table , grab the bottle of ' booze and chug half of it down . she sit down and devour the ' half - eat sandwich as if she have not eat for a week , ' her cheek still bulg with the last of the sandwich , she dig into she shoulder wound and pluck out the bullet , which ishe toss into a glass of water . _ she pick up the glass and peer at the bullet , magnify by the jrefraction effect . it fascinate she . for a second . '' wiping she hand on she t-shirt , Lucy head over to the metal ' cabinet that contain a astonish array of weaponry . she - grab two monstrous gun and some magazine . 18 19 20 43 . | then some grenade and some uzis . as muchas she can carry . she pile it all into a sport bag lie on the ground . int . basement 18 ' Lucy slink down a hallway that lead to a stairwell . _ at the top of the stair , Lucy find herself in a kind of warehouse . int . warehouse 19 she ignore the workmen load and unload truck . some of they nudge they co-worker as Lucy walk past with she sport bag and uzis over she shoulder , but wisely nobody ' try to stop she . ext . courtyard - night 20 Lucy come out into a small courtyard . it 's dark . '' two man be chat , probably bodyguard of Mr. wang 's . - Lucy ram the muzzle of she gun into the first asian 's chest . Lucy you speak English ? asian ( terrify ) no! no! no ! , Lucy blow a hole in he chest and switch the muzzle to the other man 's chest . Lucy you speak English ? ' even if he do not , he do now . 21 22 44 . driver yes . Lucy good for you . let 's go . the man jump behind the wheel of he car . Lucy get in the back . lucy ( cont 'd ) take I to the hospital . ' the driver nod meekly . driver Hospital ! no problem ! int . car - night a ' the car drive through Taipei and its multicolor neon light . ' Lucy shuck all she gun and leave they on the backseat . the driver glance in the mirror , try to work out what kind of monster he 's be land with . _lucy be stare through the window . she seem amaze by all the life around she as if she never notice it before . : her eyesight and hearing be particularly well develop . : thousands of conversation mingle in she head . ; ext . hospital - night 22 the car stop almost in front of the hospital . driver ( point ) Hospital ! Hospital ! 23 45 . Lucy good job . Lucy take just one handgun and a magazine . she step out of the car . through the driver 's window , she hand the guy two grenade , lucy ( cont 'd ) hold this . ' the driver do not dare refuse . he grasp a grenade in each ' hand , Lucy pull the pin out of they . lucy ( cont 'd ) wait here for I . . she hardly give he much choice , Lucy walk away . sint . hospital - night 23 _ Lucy march confidently in , as if she know exactly where ' she 's go . _ as aresult , nobody pay much attention to she . | she head down a hallway , where some patient be sit on _ chair and other be lie on gurney . ' Lucy glance at the sign . the chinese character morph into _ small drawing that be easy to interpret . then , everything : speed up . Lucy string together different idea , the letter : change and the word appear in English . : Lucy eavesdrop on conversation in the hallway . the word be | simultaneously translate until Lucy end up hearing the conversation in English . _ up ahead , through a round window in a door , she notice a team _ of surgeon at work . | ' I it 46 . ' she enter the room . peaceably . for now . 24 ' int . operating room 24 _lucy go straight to the wall where X - Ray picture of the ' patient be hang . the surgeon look at she in shock . surgeon miss ! hello ? | Lucy be study the X - Ray of a head . she then walk towards | the surgeon . Lucy T need help . it 's urgent . surgeon ( outrage ) miss , we be operate ! please leave immediately ! | but Lucy 's ina hurry . | she smoke the patient and shove he off the table onto the | floor . she swivel the operate table round , she remove she t-shirt and settles down on the table . the surgeon stand roote to the spot . the nurse likewise . | Lucy , in she bra , level she gun at they . lucy ( nod to the dead patient ) you would not have be able to save he anyway . the tumor be more invasive than you think . it 's already invade the cortex on the right side from the spine . 47 . ' the surgeon be confuse . lucy ( cont 'd ) somebody dumped some real shit in my gut --a plastic bag with a kilo of powder in it . take it out . his scrub spatter in blood , the surgeon have be roote to _ the spot since the patient meet he unfortunate end . he look like a butcher . she lower she gun . lucy ( cont 'd ) T be ina hurry . Lucy look at he like a confuse child . | the doctor snap out of it . luckily for he . surgeon right ... I will ... I will just administer a local anesthetic . Lucy do not bother . I do not feel physical pain anymore . . there 's a hint of regret or nostalgia in she voice . ' she rip the bandage off she belly . : the surgeon gaze at the close wound and nod to he nurse . they go to work on they new patient . Lucy pluck the surgeon 's phone out of he pocket . lucy ( cont 'd ) just borrow it . . she dial a number . 48 . while Lucy wait for someone to pick up , the surgeon open up ‘her wound . lucy ( cont 'd ) .. Mom ? lucy mom ( 0.s. ) hey ! Lucy ! my baby ! it 's great to hear from you ! but ... what time be it over there ? Lucy ( softly , confuse ) I do not know ... surgeon ( nervous ) T be ... I be go to have to ... reach inside . | she point the gun . nod . lucy mom ( 0.s. ) you be not party too much , be you ? you promise I you would look after yourself ! the doctor gently insert he whole hand into the now gape : wound , Lucy begin to sob softly . Lucy I be try to , mom . I be try to . lucy mom ( 0.s. ) thanks for call out of the blue like this . you father will be sad to have miss you . he be not home from the gym yet . usually , you call in the morning . 49 , tear be roll down she cheek . she be devastate like a child who have just see the world explode . Lucy .. Mom ?... I feel everything . lucy mom what do mean , sweetie ? i we will hear sound for each image that Lucy be describe . Lucy '' I feel the space ... the air ... the : vibration ... the people ... feel gravity ... feel the rotation of the Earth .. the heat leave my body ... the blood run in my vein .. I feel my brain .. and I can travel to the deep part of my memory ... lucy mom sweetie . we have a bad connection . I can not hear you so well . what do you say about memory ? Lucy I remember ... pain in my mouth when I get brace ... you hand on my forehead when I rana fever ... stroke the cat -- it be so soft ! lucy mom ( 0.s. ) the cat ?... what cat , honey ? luccy a siamese with blue eye and a dock tail . 50 . lucy 's mom you can not possibly remember that . you be barely one year old ! Lucy I remember the softness of you breast ... the taste of you milk in my mouth ... the wall of you vagina on my face . lucyy be mom ( worried ) sweetie , what be you talk about ? Lucy be overcome with emotion . Lucy I just want you to know that I love : you , mom . you and dad . and I want : to thank you for the thousand : kiss you give I that TI can still feel on my face . I love you , mom . lucy '’s mom T love you too , sweetie . more than anything in the world . Lucy ( in tear ) T know . ' Lucy hang up . ' the doctor slowly extract the pouch drip in blood . ' the packet have split open . lucy ( cont 'd ) how much be leave ? 51 . | the surgeon turn and place the packet on some small scale . surgeon Seven hundred gram . ' Lucy 's startle . Lucy how long will it take I to eliminate the 300 gram I have in my blood ? surgeon to answer that , I would need to know what it be . Lucy cp.h.4 . surgeon be you sure ? Lucy do I look like a girl who 's prone to doubt ? surgeon absolutely not . it 's just ... Lucy spit it out ! tell I ! - the surgeon heave a sigh . surgeon it 's a molecule fabricate naturally by pregnant woman . lab have be try to develop a synthetic version for year . 52 . Lucy I want to know everything about this molecule . she give he no choice . surgeon pregnant woman fabricate this extremely powerful molecule in the sixth week of pregnancy . in tiny quantity . but for a baby it pack the punch of a atomic bomb . it 's what give the fetus the necessary energy to form all the bone in its body . this sudden surge of energy happen only once ina lifetime . except in you case , apparently . Lucy remain silent , lose in think , in she recollection . CUT to : | for a fraction of a second , the universe explode into thousand of star , Lucy ( nostalgic ) I remember the first time . the sensation ... the surgeon can not believe he ear . ' the nurse be confuse . surgeon tf it really be cp.h.4. , take this much of it ... I be amaze you be still alive . : Lucy glare at he with she somber eye . 53 . lucy we never truly die . 25 ext . hospital - night 25 _ Lucy come out of the hospital , witha fresh bandage visible | beneath she t-shirt . : Lucy breathes in the cool night air . she gaze at a solitary tree surround by a sea of asphalt . she isolate every sound until all _ she hear be the tree 's lament . she also succeed in scan the _ tree . she see all its vein and the sap run through they . she ' also see its root delving into the earth and separate out . : with sweat pour off he , the Driver still clutches the two | grenade , Lucy get in the back . lucy Imperial Hotel . '' the Driver motion '' I have get my hand full . '' lucy ( cont 'd ) ( in chinese ) put they between you leg . | the Driver wedge the grenade between he thigh . | the car pull away . 26 | int . car - night 26 _ Lucy open she bag to see what will be most useful to she . ' she find some knife . unsheathes one of they . it 's the kind of _ knife rambo would die for . 27 28 54 . lext . HOTEL - night 27 ' the car pull up outside the Imperial Hotel . Lucy take the car ' key . Lucy ( in chinese ) wait here , I will not be long . the Driver do not really have any choice . ' Lucy march into the hotel . int , HOTEL - night 28 | the receptionist be busy with a group of guest . : Lucy head over to the elevator without be notice . | she wait for the elevator with three bulky US tourist , i who look delighted at the prospect of riding with beautiful Lucy . | the three guy grin and nudge each other , they look ready for a ' night of drink . one make he move . tourist ( not too subtle ) you speak English , miss ? or only chinese ? for English , press one . for chinese , press two . for fun , press rooftop , it 's the bar . ; the other smirk idiotically . ' the elevator door close on Lucy and the three stooge . 29 55 . int . 25 th floor , HOTEL - night 29 | the elevator door open again . ; two tourist be pass out on the floor . the third tourist , the chatty one , be drip with sweat as Lucy 's silencer poke into he mouth . lucy ( to she hostage ) do not leave I . hunched forward , hand half - raise , the man shuffles out . '' they walk down the hallway and stop outside suite 2508 . - Lucy shove she hostage toward the door and stand with she back flat against the wall , gun poise . lucy ( cont 'd ) go to the door and ring the bell . _ the man look a real dork stand there in he Hawaiian shirt . tourist what do I say ? lucy you be the chatty one . Inside the suite , the guard glance through the peephole . ' he ask the Tourist what the hell he want , but the guy do not _ understand a word of chinese . | the Guard motion to another goon , who draw he gun . guard ( in chinese ) put you gun away . the goons holster they weapon . ' the Guard open up to the sweat Tourist . tourist ( bewilder ) hey ! the Guard say something but the Tourist remain silent . the ' Guard slowly step forward and poke he head into the hallway . : he look leave then right , and find himself eye to eye with : Lucy 's silencer . _ Lucy smile at he and crook she finger to motion he forward . Inside the suite , the other goon see the Guard head into the '' hallway . they share a blank look and call to the guy in chinese . _ no answer . | Guard # 2 follow he buddy out and find Lucy 's gun levele at ‘his face . '' Lucy grab he and force he to stand back to back with he , buddy . they head touch . Lucy have ram the muzzle of she | gun into the mouth of the nearest one . if she fire , the other - guy 's toast as well . . the Tourist be still stand outside the suite , roote to the spot . , Lucy go over and hand he the gun that keep the guard - from move . Lucy keep a eye on they . 30 57 . tourist ( stunne , panic ) what be I suppose to do ? Lucy survive . Lucy grab a gun from one of the Guards 's belt , enter the suite and close the door . int . suite - night 30 ' Lucy calmly walk through the empty suite . ' she head for the bedroom . enter . | Mr , wang be there , sit in a deep armchair with a manicurist - work on each hand , face pack on , two slice of cucumber over he eye and ipod bud in he ear . . he be deaf to the outside world . : Lucy put she finger to she lip . the two manicurist look anxiously at she . lucy ( in chinese ) go into the bathroom . I will finish up here . '' the manicurist get up and shut themselves in the bathroom . '' Lucy put she gun down next to aroll of dollar bill and hitches up she t-shirt slightly . she have two knife tuck in the back of she skirt . : she whip they out in a flash , the blade swoosh through the . air , and drive they viciously into the top of wang 's hand . 58 . the mobster scream so hard the slice of cucumber go fly . he be crucify to the chair . grip by pain , he barely move . the earbud fall out . mozart float faintly around the room . wang 's mouth gape open but no sound dare to emerge . lucy ( cont 'd ) ( mimic he ) ah! aaah ? you see ? her voice mellow , become almost intimate , as if relieved to share she ordeal with someone . Lucy ( cont 'd ) learn 's always a painful process . it 's like when you be little and you bone be grow . it make you ache all over . Lucy frown . her somber eye mist over . lucy ( cont 'd ) can you believe that I can remember the sound of my bone grow ? a inhuman sound muffle by flesh . now it 's different ... every sound be music I can understand , like a mathematical equation . wang look at she like a puppy dog with he front paw catch ina trap . lucy ( cont 'd ) you see , it 's funny . I spend year try to find out who I be and what I want to do . but the only answer I come up with be to have fun and make a mess of my life . ( more ) 59 , lucy ( cont 'd ) and now that I have access to the furthest reach of my brain , and I see thing clearly . I sense my humanity slip through my finger , and nothing seem to matter anymore . as if humanity be only a primitive stage on the road to knowledge . understand ? Mr. Wong be too busy writhe in pain . she move closer . gently stroke he cheek . lucy ( cont 'd ) you have to learn how to get over you pain . it block you , it stop you from understanding . it block knowledge . you live in you little world of profit , feed by war , misery and chaos . you want to escape you pain by put you burden onto other . you live without share , and it 's century human be act like this . do not you think it 's time we share it all ? do not you want to have access to knowledge ? because right now you know nothing . she grab a cucumber Lucy ( cont 'd ) except that cucumber be good for you skin . she eat the piece of cucumber . Lucy so tell I , where be the other ? the other guy carry the drug ? 60 . wang do not respond , of course . he do not understand a word of what she say and the only thing he can think about be the excruciate pain . Lucy peer at he . slowly press she hand over he . concentrate , she penetrate the man 's skin , cut through layer of muscle and into he nervous system . in a few second , she have travel this information highway to he brain . she hurtle toward he cortex and enter the black box of he memory . a image form : Lucy be back in the mansion where she meet the four other mule . insert : Lucy move around invisibly like a mobile voyeur- camera capable of zoom in and out , become endoscopic , freeze - frame and tracking around object if necessary . Lucy explore the set and people , as if visit a 3 - D mock - up of a kitchen on a computer . a goon check the passport of one of the mule . freeze-frame . we see the guy 's photo and name . Lucy ( read the name ) Louis Bertrand . the goon hand Louis he passport and ticket . freeze-frame . the view slip into the pouch contain the ticket and read the time and destination . brussel 08:20 . back to scene : wang do not realize he mind be be searched and pillage . Lucy focus . 31 61 . insert : wang flick through another passport . the camera close in on he face , zoom into he eye until we see the write on the ticket . the frame be reverse so we can read it the right way round . munich 10:30 . wang watch the third mule prepare to leave the room . freeze-frame . the camera come up behind the guy . the view slip into the back pocket of he pants and into the ticket holder . we can make out he name and flight number . rome 09:10 . back to scene : in the hotel room , Lucy remove she hand from wang 's . he look drain . Lucy shoot he a kindly , sympathetic smile . Lucy ( cont 'd ) thank you for share . ext . HOTEL - day 32 rivulets of sweat run down the Driver 's face . he 's try to insert a length of wire into the hole to replace the pin of one of the grenade . his hand be shaking . when he finally succeed , he heave a huge sigh of relief . suddenly , Lucy jump into the car and lob he the key . Lucy see ? you be smarter since you meet I ! ( in chinese ) cmon , drive ! 62 . even after deactivate the grenade , the Driver be still ina state of complete panic . the car drive off into Taipei . 32 int . three STAR HOTEL , paris - night 32 Professor norman arrive back at he hotel room , a junior suite . he remove he shoe and rub he foot , wince . pick up the phone . concterge ( 0.s. ) even , Professor . professor norman good evening , Nicole . concierge ( 0.s. ) the usual ? professor norman no , I think I will have the lasagna tonight . for a change . with a glass of white wine like the one you dig out for I last night . concierge yes , sir . be up in ten minute . professor norman take you time . 33 ext . STREET , taipei - day 33 the car pull up outside a building . Lucy jump out with she bag . leans toward the Driver 's window . 34 63 . Lucy thanks for the ride . she lob he a tightly tie roll of cash that she take from wang 's room . she walk into she apartment building . daze , the Driver pull away . int . lucy apartment - day 34 the door be open by caroline , 22 , blonde , in panty and top -- the original slacker start to make she way in the world . caroline shit , you give I a fright ringing the bell like a headcase ! caroline step forward and give Lucy a hug . Lucy immediately form a complete picture of she friend 's body : bone , muscle , vein , wave , equation , everything . ascan from head to toe in five second . caroline step back . Lucy be slightly in shock . caroline ( cont 'd ) ( sweetly ) T miss you . lucy ( perplex ) I too . caroline have you lose you key ? 64 . Lucy something like that . can I use you laptop ? caroline uh ... sure . Lucy head into the live room , sit straight down at the computer and type at mind - blow speed . caroline flop on the couch and go back to painting she nail . caroline ( cont 'd ) you be into computer now . Lucy yup . it 's all new . Lucy browse scientific website . so fast , it 's impossible to keep up . caroline I spend all day yesterday go to audition . well ... go to two audition . it be so boring ! they keep you wait for hour , gab away in chinese . you do not understand a word they say , then at the end they say they will call you but they do not even take you number . ( smile ) except one guy . but he be not chinese . a guy from the agency . the cute-and - I - know - it kind . Lucy digest a huge quantity of scientific papers at phenomenal speed . 65 . caroline ( cont 'd ) ( grin ) you will never guess where he take I ! Lucy ( rivete to the screen ) the four season . the Royal suite . and you make love all night long . caroline ( stunne ) how do you know ? Lucy Lucy look at she friend , they be obviously on different level of consciousness , but Lucy still have a dollop of compassion for this girl . lucy ( cont 'd ) ( sympathetic ) caroline , I do not have a lot of time , so you must listen to I very carefully . at first you will not understand what I be say , you be go to reject it . then the emotion will overwhelm you and you will start cry . then you will start to understand . to feel what I be say be true . you will not accept it , you will fight it , you will cry some more . and then you will start scream at I . you be go to go through all this before you can accept what be true . be you ready ? caroline ready for what ? what truth be you talk about . Lucy , you be scare I . 66 . Lucy take a deep breath . Lucy his name 's franco . he 's HIV - positive but he do not know it yet . trouble be , you be biologically vulnerable to contamination . you kidney do not operate very efficiently and you liver 's in bad shape because of all the shit you have put through it since you be 13 . her tone be clipped , devoid of emotion . caroline be freeze , stunne , the nail polish in she hand . lucy ( cont 'd ) you have to make some change in you life . work out , eat organic , stop party , and you will buy yourself a few more year . by then they will have come up with something . caroline '' come up with something ? '' Lucy a treatment . Lucy go back to the computer . caroline 's beautiful eye begin to fill with tear . caroline Lucy , be this some kind of joke ? caroline begin to cry . Lucy concentrate on the computer . 67 . caroline ( cont 'd ) why be you tell I all this ? you do not know what the fuck you be talk about . first , you do not even know franco . you never meet he . do Richard tell you this crap ? be that it ? Richard be a jealous little shit because I would not fuck he . he will do anything to hurt I . caroline cry more . Lucy continue type . caroline ( cont 'd ) why be you be so mean to I ? T know my life be a little mess up , but it 's not any reason to throw it up at I like this . I have always be you friend , I have always tell you all my secret . everything . I trust you , why be you try to hurt I like this ? her anger begin to rise ... just as Lucy say it would , caroline ( cont 'd ) you think you be better than I ? look at you ? you be 25 and you be still work as a salesgirl ina second - hand clothes store to pay you way through college . so maybe you be more intelligent than I because you have a little more school , but what have you do with you fabulous education ? huh ? you be like I ! still lose , try to find who the hell you be . and while you wait for the ' great 's answer all you do be party in the same club as I , so what be you fuck problem that you have to lay this shit on I . 68 . coroline be desperate . tear flow uncontrollably . caroline ( cont 'd ) and why be you say I be sick ? that 's not true ! it 's not ! tell I you be just make it up . tell I it 's not true ! Lucy be still silent , type away . caroline ( cont 'd ) ( scream ) look at I whent talk to youllll ! Lucy print out a page in chinese . she grab the page , jump up and thrust it toward caroline . Lucy here ... it 's a prescription . go to the pharmacy and start you treatment . caroline ( amaze ) since when do you speak chinese ?! Lucy ( honestly ) about one hour . bemuse , caroline hold the prescription in she fingertip . tremble . caroline Lucy ... I do not understand any of this . 35 36 69 . lucy ( gently ) T know , but do what I tell you . pull some pants on and go down to the pharmacy . I do not want you to die . Lucy mean it , but she 's ina hurry and turn back to the laptop . ina daze , caroline pull on some jeans and head out . on the laptop , Lucy seem to have find what she be look for . a photo pop up . we recognize Professor Samuel norman of Boston University . int . professor norman' HOTEL room - night 35 the Professor sit at the table , hold a report in one hand and finish of for he lasagna with the other . the phone ring . the Professor look surprised . he stand and go into the small live room to answer the phone . professor norman yes ? int . lucy 's apartment - day 36 Lucy sit at the laptop , she have a earpiece in . Lucy Professor norman .? my name 's Lucy . T have just read all you research on the human brain . we need to meet . 70 . professor norman ( smile ) all my research ? I be flatter , young lady , but I find you a little presumptuous . I must have write no less than -- lucy 6,734 page . I can recite they to you by heart , if you wish , the Professor smile and sit ina chair . professor norman who be this ? be youa friend of Emily 's ? this sound like one of she silly little joke . be she with you ? the tv in the live room switch on all by itself . Lucy 's face , film by the laptop 's webcam , appear . lucy no , I be all on my own . the Professor be stunne . professor norman who be you ? Lucy I just tell you . professor norman yes , Lucy , sorry ... Lucy I have read you theory on the use of the brain 's ity . e brain 's capacity 71 . Lucy ( cont 'd ) it 's a little rudimentary but you be on the right track . professor norman ( dumbstruck ) thank you . Lucy look , I do not have much time . my cell be reproduce at a phenomenal speed . several million per minute . I be still have trouble precisely evaluate the time of my death , but I doubt I will hold out more than 48 hour . professor norman ( confuse ) what be you talk about ? I ... I be not sure I follow you . Lucy due to a convergence of circumstance beyond my control , I absorb a substance that give I access to 28 % of my cerebral capacity , and count . I have gain 5 % in the last three hour because once you reach 20 % , you have enough capacity to open up the rest . there be no more obstacle . they fall one after the other , like dominos . I be colonize my brain minute by minute . the knowledge that 's in I explode every second ... there 's ahint of sadness in Lucy 's voice . regret . the Professor be simultaneously concerned and fascinate . 72 . professor norman look , I ... I do not know what to say ... I have be work on this theory for twenty year , but it 's only ever be hypotheses and research idea . I never think ... I mean ... that one day somebody ... you have control of you body ? lucy yes . and I be start to control other people 's body . I can also control electric and magnetic wave . not all of they , just the most basic--radio , tv , telephone ... professor norman ( awed ) that 's amazing . Lucy what amaze I be that we have live for so long in such ignorance . professor norman you can feel ... everything ? lucy ( hint of sadness ) yes . professor norman that must be unbearable . tear run down Lucy 's cheek . she take one and study it . Lucy yes . ( beat ) ( more ) 37 73 . lucy ( cont 'd ) I know no fear , pain , distress , desire , grief or love anymore ... and it 's a constant battle for I to stay human . so it do not fade away . to cling to a trace of what I be . the Professor be worried for she . professor norman if you do not want to lose everything , you have to pass it on . all this astonish knowledge , all this learn you be acquire can help other , the whole of humanity . you have to pass on you knowledge , like a simple cell would to keep go through time . lucy ( pensive ) time ... yes ... ( beat ) T will be at you door in 12 hour . she hang up . the Professor sit totally daze , try to get he head around what 's just happen . int . taipei airport - day 37 Lucy have change . she walk through Taipei airport . her eye scan headline of chinese newspaper . she 's all over the front page . want ! suddenly , she hair get longer and become black and straight . she pull on dark glass and dial a number on she cellphone . 38 74 . int . paris police department 38 Three cop be laugh about a assignment when the phone ring on pierre del rio 's desk . Del Rio be 30ish , witha likable expression that more cop should try . he sit on the edge of he desk and agswer . del rio yes ? voice sorry to bother you , captain , but tve receive a strange call from a american citizen live in Taiwan . a young woman . she claim to have information on a major drug ring . Pierre 's curiosity be arouse . a little . del rio ( jokily ) be she pretty ? voice hard to say . on the telephone , she have a gentle voice . del rio a-ha ! I will take the call . voice shall I tape it ? del rio yes . voice put she through . 75 . del rio okay ... hello ? Lucy hello . I have important information about a gang of drug trafficker . I would like to speak to someone ina position of authority . Pierre shrug . chance be , this be a hoax . del rio ( laugh ) okay , you have great timing . there 's nobody in this office with more authority than I . but let 's start at the beginning . what 's you name , young lady ? Lucy stride through the terminal building . Lucy Lucy . del rio ( smile ) really ? Lucy 's a pretty name . and quite rare for a american , I believe . to be call Lucy . but it 's very common in France . how do that happen ? Lucy be in no mood for game . she stop in the middle of the concourse and close she eye to gather she concentration . insert : a huge " 30 % " fill the screen . 76 . the view enter the receiver , zip across the circuit board , then shoot up at the speed of light , through the airport roof and out of the satellite dish . with a bright flash , the view bounce off a orbit satellite and zing back to earth , France . Del Rio 's of fice , his telephone . freeze-frame . the view pan around the office . the nameplate '' Pierre Del Rio '' on the desk . unruly pile of paperwork . a red pen . back on Lucy . she sigh . Lucy listen up , Pierre Del riol first , sit down properly at that desk of yours , pick up the red pen to the right of you and take down everything I say . Pierre freeze . he glance around as if expect to find a hide camera filming he . Lucy start move again , head for custom . Lucy ( cont 'd ) there be no camera , Pierre . hurry up , I have no time to waste . Del Rio be shocked . his buddy be too busy crack joke to notice anything . he walk around he desk and sit down . pick up the red pen . 77 . del rio go ahead , Lucy I be go to send you the detail of four people about to arrive on european soil . each one be carry a kilo of a new and extremely dangerous drug . you must arrest they , and find and destroy the drug . Pierre take note . Lucy hand she passport to the custom Officer . asniffer dog amble over . del rio okay ... what form be the drug in ? bar ? capsule ? Lucy powder . in plastic packet hide in they intestine . make sure they do not split open when you take they out . del rio pardon I ? Lucy lower she dark glass . the dog recoil , its tail between its leg . Lucy nudge she glass back up she nose . Lucy the product be very powerful . believe I . 39 40 78 . Del Rio 's police computer crank into action without he touch it . the resumé of the four mule flash up on screen . lucy ( cont 'd ) get it ? del rio ( confuse ) yes. Lucy good . Lucy hang up . Del Rio be stunne . int . paris airport - day 39 louis bertrand , one of the young mule we see in Taipei , be also come through custom . up ahead , capt . Pierre Del Rio nod to the custom official , who immediately pull over the mule . Louis act surprised , but he be shaking guiltily . not far away , two chinese guy watch they merchandise be take from under they nose . int . berlin airport - day 40 ateam from the anti-drogen - gruppe arrest another of the mule we see in Taipei , as he stand in line at custom . another chinese guy look on in dismay , powerless to intervene . 41 42 43 79 . int . amsterdam airport - day 41 the dutch mule encounter the same fate Amsterdam airport . another chinese gangster watch and scowl . int . rome airport - day 42 the italian mule come through custom , but be haul over by two carabinieri . he show they he passport and , suddenly , make a run for it . his escape bid be cut short by the numerous plain- clothes officer in the terminal building . marco , head of the narcotic unit , yell order to he man and pull out he cellphone . int . paris police department - day 43 the place be buzzing . Del Rio answer the phone . del rio Del Rio . marco ( italian accent ) this be Captain Marco lurhesi . del rio yes ! thanks for call I back . marco we take delivery of you package . two hour late , but it get here in the end . 44 80 . del rio great ! thanks very much . I will send through the paperwork for the transfer . Pierre hang up and grin . del rio ( cont 'd ) ( to one of he man ) we get all four of they . int . plane - day 44 the fasten seat be / ts sign come on . a message crackle over the loudspeaker . voice lady and gentleman , we be now beginning we descent to Paris . all electronic device must be switch off ... aflight attendant with she smile as firmly in place as she hair walk up the first - class aisle check people have belt up . she stop beside Lucy , who have two laptop in front of she and type on both at the same time . the Flight attendant pause . she 's see some financial whizkid on this flight , but none like this one . flight attendant miss , T have to ask you to put away you computer now . 81 . Lucy be engross in the thousand of item of code information scrolling past she eye . it 's illegible for any normal human be . flight attendant ( cont 'd ) miss ? Lucy ( rivete to the screen ) you should wipe you nose . the Flight attendant do not understand . a drop of blood appear in one nostril . the woman touch she nose and realize she 's bleed . slightly flustered , she scurries away . Lucy keep work . up ahead , in the galley , the Flight attendant talk animatedly to she co-worker , point toward Lucy . the cabin manager decide to take matter in hand and come over . cabin manager ( politely ) miss , you really need to shut down you computer now . Lucy put she finger to she mouth , hush he . on she screen , Lucy finally reach the end of the code sign , give a little satisfied sigh and gently close both laptop . Lucy ( big smile ) twenty - five century of knowledge in eleven hour . I could not go any faster . 82 . the cabin manager smile uncomprehendingly . cabin manager congratulation . Lucy thanks , I think I will have a glass of champagne to celebrate . cabin manager come right up . if you could put you table up in the meantime ...? Lucy with pleasure . Lucy casually toss the laptop on the floor . the businessman next to she look appal . Lucy peer out the window at the french countryside below . the moon be still partially visible in the blue sky . a awed smile flicker on Lucy 's lip . insert : prehistoric Lucy break into the same awed smile . she 's sit on a rock , at the entrance to she cave , observe the moon . back to scene : the cabin manager bring Lucy she champagne . lucy ( cont 'd ) thank you . he walk away . Lucy raise she glass ina silent toast . all alone . 83 . insert : a huge " 40 % " fill the screen . Lucy downs the champagne in one . heaves a sigh . there 's something in she glass . she peer into it and see she have lose a tooth . Lucy look alarmed . she give a little cough and spit into she hand . Three more tooth nestle in she palm . Lucy feel panic overwhelming she . she stare at she hand . the vein be enormous , pulsate in sync with she heart . she touch the back of she hand , the skin come away , revealing the vein and flesh . soon she fingertip disintegrate as if each cell be now independent , like a pear ! necklace after the chain break . Lucy 's finger morph into thousand of little ball float in front of she . Lucy be horrify . she scramble to unbuckle she seat belt , haul herself up and stagger to the restroom . the cabin manager see she . cabin manager miss ! you must remain seat ! please -- he suddenly realize that Lucy 's body be fall to piece ! before he can say or do anything , Lucy raise she hand , and the vibration from it be enough to send he fly ten meter back . Lucy lock herself in the restroom . 45 46 84 , int . restroom 45 Lucy can barely control she body . each cell seem to have a life of its own . her hand and hair be out of control . even she eye start wander across she face . she can not keep she mouth in place . Lucy try the best she can to gather all the cell escape from she , to no avail . in fact , it only get worse . panic-stricken , Lucy start scream from she big deform mouth . suddenly , without warning , Lucy 's whole body explode into thousand of tiny ball , which bounce of for the wall of the room , like a swarm of bee that have go mad . blackout . int . paris airport - day 46 close ona man 's hand flick through a passport . he stop at the page with Lucy 's photo on it . del rio ( under he breath ) Lucy . ( to a officer ) how much of the drug be she carry ? officer a open pouch . about 700 gram . the officer hold out a ziplock bag with about fifty gram inside . intrigue , Del Rio peer at the substance . 47 85 . he turn to a doctor . del rio do she have a scar on she lower stomach ? doctor yes . a fresh one . she still have the stitches . del rio she 's we girl ! how be she ? doctor Fine for now . she 's sleep and after the shot I give she , she will not be waking up any time soon . int . airport medical facility - day 47 one eye flit open . the iris change rapidly several time , like a kaleidoscope . insert : a huge " 60 % " fill the screen . Lucy sit up and scan the room around she . Lucy lie ona gurney . she have a drip attach to she arm . she look in pretty good shape for someone who 's just swallow she second a-bomb . Lucy reach up to touch she forehead , but handcuffs restrain she . she be cuffed to the steel frame . anurse enter and stop in she track , amaze to see that Lucy be awake . she rush out again . 86 . 48 int . office , atrport - day 48 ' the nurse rush in and blurt out to the Doctor : nurse Doctor , she 's awake ! -doctor ( dubious ) be you sure ? nurse | well , she 's sit up in bed . Del Rio and the Doctor hurry out , follow by three police officer . 49 int . hallway - day 4g Del Rio lead the group down a hallway . | del rio ( to he deputy , Daniel ) tell menard we be move . I want a high -security convoy . daniel get it . daniel dial a number on he cellphone . ' suddenly , at the end of the hallway , Lucy calmly emerge from she room . calmer than we have ever see she . doctor | | | there she be ! 87 . del rio miss ! ' Lucy look up at he . [ instinctively , all the cop draw and level they gun on she . ' one of they call for backup . | plain-clothes custom officer size up the situation and reach [ for they hardware also , so that about twenty people all over ithe hallway be point gun at Lucy . | del rio ( cont 'd ) freeze ! and put you hand up ! Lucy T need to talk to you alone . del rio and I need you to put you hand up . Lucy stare at he without emotion , she halfheartedly raise ' one hand and , suddenly , the two dozen cop in the hallway collapse as if someone have simply switch they off . Del Rio stand there alone with he pathetic pea-shooter . as she ' begin to walk towards he . Del Rio be stunne . but he still do not lower he gun . until she be six inch in front of he . Lucy do you get the other packet ? del rio ' yes. Lucy '' where be they ? 50 51 88. del rio safe. here in Paris . Lucy you need to destroy it all fast . del rio unfortunately , that 's out of my hand . I do not have the power to make decision like that . Lucy I do . ext . hospital , part - day 50 ' a police van swing into the courtyard . ' the four handcuff mule be ushere out . acar pull up outside , occupy by four chinese guy . ' one of they , tsul , observe event in the courtyard . the mule be lead inside one wing of the hospital . ' tsui dial a number and start to talk . int . car , part - day 51 Del Rio drive a unmark car with a magnetic blue light on the '' roof . Lucy sit next to he and watch Paris flash by . del rio I be a bit confuse by all this . 89 . Lucy not as muchas I be . del rio ( softly ) May I ask what happen to you ? lucy I be in the process of become intelligent . del rio sound like a good thing to I . Lucy it 's the most horrible thing that 's ever happen to I ! it 's like become a adult and leave childhood behind . del rio ( to make conversation ) my childhood be pretty complicated . I join the police department when I be 18 to escape all that . so I be actually quite pleased to become a adult . Lucy you be not . del rio not what ? Lucy a adult . you be a baby . as fragile as humanity . 90 . del rio ( smirk ) really ? humanity 's fragile ? Lucy ( stare out the window ) as fragile as a bubble of soap . Del Rio stop at a red light . | Lucy glance at a man on the phone . ' she automatically visualize the signal he 's receive - - a beam of ' green light connect he phone to a satellite in the sky . | she look at the street up ahead . thousands of beam of green ' light interweave . she can simultaneously see every telephone | signal . | | suddenly , one in particular catch she attention . ' tt 's a beam of red light . Lucy be focus on the telephone signal . she begin to organize all the beam use the window like the screen of a iPad until _ she find the red beam . close in on it , the red beam appear ' to be make up of chinese character . lucy ( cont 'd ) May I ? | | she scan the radio for a particular frequency . del rio be my guest . suddenly , a conversation in chinese echoe around the car . | | del rio ( cont 'd ) what 's that ? 52 91 . Lucy we be go to get there too late . I should drive . del rio that 's not possible . this be a official vehicle and we can not ... ' Lucy have already jump out and race around to the driver 's side . |hurriedly , Del Rio shuffles over to avoid be sit on by Lucy . del rio ( cont 'd ) okay , okay ! the car screech away . int . hallway , hospital - day 52 | the four handcuff mule sit in a wait room . | two cop fill out the paperwork . the german mule be more on - edge than the other . german ( to the cop ) look , I be a german citizen and I demand to see a lawyer . it 's my right ! ROBERT the cop ( see it all before ) first , you be gonna see a doctor . believe I , it will be way better for you health . ( to he buddy ) ( more ) 53 92 . ROBERT the cop ( cont 'd ) I be gonna see where we gotta take they for surgery . cop # 2 grab something for we to eat , I be starve . ROBERT the cop eat , that 's all you ever think about ! Robert exit and head down the hallway . ia cop stand guard watch he go . when the cop glance the jother way , he find himself eye to eye with the silencer of ' tsui 's gun . ' another chinese guy immediately disarm the sentry and thustle he into the wait room . ' before the two cop can react , they be dead . ' asmall group of chinese guy carry attaché case enter the ' wait room , shutting the door behind they . the empty hallway fall silent once more ... ' ext . STREET , paris - day 53 .. in complete contrast to Lucy gun the car through the street of Paris . Del Rio cling to the overhead handle . ' he have no idea you could get such speed out of a police car . Lucy be calm and focus . 54 93 . ' she totally ignore red light , yield sign , etc . del rio ( petrify ) do you always drive like this ? Lucy tt 's the first time I have ever drive acar . I do not like they . they pollute the atmosphere . del rio yes , but if you drive slower , they pollute less . |lucy do not answer and slalom at top speed between two car ' wait at a stop light . int . waiting room , hospital - day 54 the chinese guy hold gun on three of the mule . | the last one , the german mule , be on the table . ' achinese doctor be poise to open he up . german wait ! wait ! my stomach be extremely sensitive ! doctor T give you a local anesthetic . you will not feel a thing . german T will ! I feel the tiniest little thing ! I need a general anesthetic , please ! 55 56 94 . tsul as you wish . tsui step forward and , with the silencer on , shoot he between the eye . ' the three other mule be on the verge of meltdown . ' the dutch guy begin to sob . ' ext . car - day 55 Del Rio 's car screech to a halt outside the hospital . ' Lucy and Del Rio jump out . del rio this way ! ' int . walting room , hospital - day 56 the chinese Doctor carefully pull a pouch from the dutch guy 's gut . the mule be panting and snort , stare at the ceiling . the Doctor place the pouch in a attaché case next to two other pouch . ' a assistant be already busy sewing up the dutch mule . tsui ( to the italian ) okay , you turn . | just then , Robert the cop enter , witha bunch of plastic - wrap sandwich in he hand . ROBERT the cop T get we - 95 . he stop in he track , gawk at the scene of butchery in the wait room . | he drop the food and reach for he gun , but the chinese beat '' he to the draw and riddle he with bullet . | the dutch guy yell out , and take a bullet in the shoulder , as usual , the italian take he chance to bolt for freedom . a chinese guy race after he and shoot the italian in the back . the dead mule slide across the floor and stop at Lucy 's foot . Del Rio duck for cover and pull he gun out . | Lucy just stand there , with the italian at she foot . the chinese guy do not shoot . he gaze at she . and collapse . | from inside the room , tsui see the goon collapse . | he close up the attaché case with the dope in it , and draw he | gun . | adozen chinese gangster swarm into the hallway , leveling they gun at Lucy . insert : | a huge '' 70 % " fill the screen . she raise she hand slightly . all the goons 's gun suddenly fly up and stick to the ceiling . | the chinese mobster be dumbstruck . they gun melt and become blackish puddle stick to the ceiling . 96 . lucy ( to tsui ) it 's time for you to choose : learn ' or die . | ' tsui hesitates and then ... scream ! ' his goons attack . Lucy dodge every blow and attack with ' precision and calm . none of they even slow she down . soon , the dozen gangster be sprawle on the floor and Lucy sstand face tsui , who charge at she . ' he aim a punch at Lucy , who duck it . | she grab he outstretch hand and shove he brutally | backwards . tsui 's arm dislocate , pop grotesquely out of he | shoulder . _ tsui scream in pain . Lucy take the case from he grasp . lucy ( cont 'd ) dying hurt but not as much as | learn . tsui collapse in a unconscious heap . _ Lucy come back to Del Rio , who have stick close to the italian | mule . _ the poor cop look totally confuse . Lucy hand he the case . lucy ( cont 'd ) open it . 97 . | she hunch over the inert italian and delve into the wound in he belly with she nail , which have suddenly become long and ' sharp . she pull out a packet full of c.p.h.4 . Lucy slip the packet into the case with the three other packet . lucy ( cont 'd ) the full set . let 's go . she close the case and pick it up . del rio I ... I be not sure I will be much use to you ! Lucy yes , you be . del rio what for exactly ? Lucy to keep my humanity alive . Lucy look at he , then lean forward and tenderly kiss he . beat . lucy ( cont 'd ) ( so sweet ) how be it ? del rio not bad . and for you ? 57 98. Lucy I can not feel a thing . except that you really want that . shall we go ? ' with nothing better to offer , Del Rio just nod . ext . university , paris - day 57 a group of scientist sit in a large room pile high with book . ' Professor norman be in animated conversation with a colleague when he mobile ring . professor norman hello ? Lucy ( 0.s. ) Lucy . ' norman gesture excitedly to he colleague . professor norman ( he hand over the receiver ) it 's she ! it 's she ! ( to Lucy ) you ... you be in Paris ? Lucy ( 0.5 . ) yes . I be a little delay . please forgive I . professor norman no , no ! no problem ! look , I be not at the hotel . ( more ) 99 . professor norman ( cont 'd ) I be at the University , where I take the liberty of call together a few colleague to discuss you case . top man in the field . completely trustworthy . Lucy ( 0.s. ) good think . professor norman do you ... do you think you could join we here at the University ? lucy ( 0.s. ) with pleasure . just then , the door open and Lucy enter . norman stare at she in awe . she hand Del Rio he phone . ' the cop be carry the attaché case . professor norman ( mesmerize ) it 's a pleasure to meet you . Lucy likewise . ( motion to Del Rio ) Pierre Del Rio , my lover . now Del Rio blushes . professor norman oh ? Nice to meet you . let I introduce my colleague . first , Professor cantié , a neurosurgeon who -- Lucy I know everybody . Lucy have no time to lose . professor norman oh , yes . of course ! gentlemen , this be Lucy , the first woman to ... I mean ... aconfuse murmur from he colleague . professor norman ( cont 'd ) ( to the scientist ) as I mention earlier , miss Lucy , for reason that remain a mystery to I , have unlock certain part of she brain , offer she access , apparently , to previously unexplored cerebral zone . silence . the scientist be perplex . professor # 1 you have access to you ram or to you hard drive ? or both ? lucy all three . you be forget collective memory . professor # 1 ( skeptical ) can you give we a sample ? _ Lucy look at the Professor and materialize all the vibration | come from he . she connect up to they . 101 . lucy you daughter gabrielle die age 6 , run over by a car . insert : a dog run across the road , follow by a little girl . ' the car have no chance of avoid she . back to scene : Professor ROBERT daguan tear up . he stare incredulously at Lucy . lucy ( cont 'd ) it be a blue car . leather seat , a plastic bird dangle from the rear - view . do you want the plate number ? ' daguan shake he head . he 's devastate . Lucy hardly seem affect . professor # 3 i how do you manage to access all : this information ? lucy Electrical impulse . each cell in the body emit a thousand per second . | she raise she hand and make she finger stretch until they ' be improbably long . | her hand switch to three finger , like a batrachian - - a remnant of bygone DNA . the scientist be speechless . 102 . professor # 3 and you can control they all ? in anyone you meet ? Lucy no , but I be get better . every door that open release knowledge that allow I to open the next one . professor norman ( remember the lesson ) like domino . professor # 2 and ... what stage be you at now ? Lucy I can control matter ... ona small scale . Lucy make a sculpture on the table rise and hover in front of '' she . the sculpture begin to change , morph into all kind of weird and wonderful shape . professor norman ( to himself ) breathtake ! Lucy yes , but I have to devote a lot of my energy to slow it all down . professor norman why slow it down ? | Lucy to protect the humanity within I . otherwise , I would not be able to communicate with you anymore , just like you can no longer communicate with plant or animal . the gap be too wide . the professor be speechless , Del Rio be lose . lucy ( cont 'd ) all social system that we have put in place be a mere sketch , a child 's draw . " one plus one make two . '' that 's all we have learn . in other word , nothing ! because one plus one have never make two . there be in fact no number and no letter . all that 's just prehistoric grunt . we have codify we existence to bring it down to human size , to make it bearable . we have ' find a scale to make we forget its unfathomable scale . / because we do not fear what we do not know . professor norman ( realize ) be you say that '' fear " stop we from go further ? Lucy yes , it 's a self - defense mechanism . Lucy watch a screen , and image of a foetus grow appear . 104 . lucy ( cont 'd ) only the fetus be devoid of fear . it modify its cell , manufacture its bone , blood and tissue . it 's work on a titanic construction site that it manipulate without move , without even exist . devoid of fear . then , from the moment of birth , the human be close the door to knowledge one by one , for self - protection . professor norman ( nod ) like a frighten horse who can only walk with blinder on its eye . Lucy forget fear and you will have unlimited access to all thing , for every cell know and talk to every other cell . they form a gigantic web of communication , which in turn form matter . cell group together , take one form , deform , reforming ... make no difference . human consider themselves '' unique , '' so they have roote the whole theory of they existence in this uniqueness . they whole world and they mathematical language be a function of themselves . " one " be they unit of measure . but it 's not . life do not like uniqueness . professor norman but if human be not the unit of measure , if the world be not govern by mathematical law , what govern all that ? | Lucy take a deep breath and slowly let it out . ' the truth be not always easy to say . Lucy Film a car drive past on a highway . speed up the picture to infinity and eventually the car will disappear . what proof of its existence remain ? time give legitimacy to its existence , time , the only unit of measure . it be the proof of the existence of matter . without time , we do not exist . professor norman ( fascinate ; to himself ) time be unity . Lucy every single thing dematerialize then connect back up , form a whole . single , indivisible and eternal . 105 . | the scientist be in shock . torn between bewilderment and fascination . between the real and the divine . professor daguan and God in all of this ? Lucy ( sadly ) when one do not know , it 's reassure to imagine that somebody somewhere know . _ awkward silence . 106 . professor norman Lucy ... what do you intend to do with all this knowledge ? lucy pass it on . like a humble cell that would strive to keep go through time . norman smile , delighted to have be hear . Del Rio look at Lucy . his cop instinct tell he he 's about to lose she . insert : a huge " 90 % " fill the screen . 59 int . laboratory - day 59 the scientist be in a University lab . Del Rio dissolves the content of the last packet of cp.h.4. ina _pouch of physiological serum . the four pouch be hook up to ' drip connect to Lucy 's arm . the scientist place sensor all over she body and activate a swathe of monitor and apparatuse . professor norman ( slightly harass ) okay , we be ready , I think . Lucy good. 107 . professor norman ( anxious ) be you sure you still need such huge dose ? you say that the door to knowledge be open one after the other . Lucy the humanity inside I will resist and defend my body to the very end . to attain the last few percent , T have to force it -- crack cell open to they nucleus . professor norman oh ? and then ? lucy then I will stock pile all my knowledge . most likely it will take you a few decade to decipher it all . it will keep you busy . the Professor smile . but he soon become serious again . professor norman Lucy ... all this knowledge ... it will be awonderful gift that you be give humanity . lucy knowledge bring peace . make sure it belong to the whole world . professor norman ( awkwardly ) I will try . I be not sure that who govern we will put it to good use or resist the lure of profit . 108 . lucy ( amused ) T will put it all away ina safe place . professor norman that sound sensible but , in that case , how will I ever know where you have store it all ? lucy T will let you know . they share a smile . professor norman I know this probably do not mean much to you anymore but ... you be a beautiful person , Lucy , and it 's be a pleasure get to know you . Lucy thank you . Del Rio shyly come over to Lucy del rio ( murmur ) be you sure you know what you be do ? Lucy ( smile ) yes . del rio can I do anything to help ? 109 . Lucy no. ( beat ) but , yes , you can kiss I . ' and he do . he kiss she withall he heart . del rio ( move ) if I hear you correctly earlier , we be gonna see each other again ? Lucy half -smile . lucy actually , we be inseparable . Del Rio stand back and , one by one , Professor norman open up the four drip . the substance in the pouch begin to flow into Lucy 's vein . the scientist activate they apparatuse and camera . stand by the wall , Del Rio fear the worst . the substance seem to be take effect . Lucy tremble slightly , she face be gaunt and she pupil disappear . her arm stretch out to the keyboard of the computer . her hand sprout a couple dozen extra finger , which spread out '' over the keyboard . the fingertip melt into the matter . ream of data flash up on every monitor in the room . cable emerge from the floor and ceiling like lazy snake meander | toward Lucy and connect to she . the scientist be both mesmerize and a little concerned as | they machine begin to overheat . 110 . | ' suddenly , the wall of the room shoot back 100 meter ! the floor gleam . Lucy redefine the room to she scale . the lab be now vast , sparkling , medical almost . ' shapes as black as night emerge from the floor . they look like ' carbon needle , black stalagmite several meter high . thousands of diode flicker , this be next -generation computer -- that we ' might be invent one hundred year from now . ' the assemble Professors watch in awe . Lucy half - smile , while she heartbeat seem to slow gradually . when the vaive of she heart finally blow ( with a deafen noise ) , Lucy spring forward a kilometer or so . she be now in the city center , but still in she chair . another clap of she heart and she spring 1,000 kilometer . she 's in Rome now . ' another clap and she 's in New York . suddenly , she heart stop . the picture likewise . Lucy reach out and turn a imaginary page . the picture slide to the leave , a bit ' like a iPad window . the next image be the same but ona slightly different timescale . Lucy turn more page , generate movement before she very eye , like a child 's book whose character be animated when the page be turn quickly . Lucy 's face light up . she now have control of time . with a big sweep of she arm , she make image flash past . New York 's skyscraper disappear and the city revert to how it be in 1900 , with people 's clothes and carriage from another age . '- Lucy flick quickly through the page again . 111 . New York be now no more than a swamp , home to a few Indians . - another leap in time and there be only dinosaur paddle through the march . - another leap and we be see primeval forest with totally unfamiliar vegetation . Lucy take a deep breath and give another broad sweep of she ‘arm . everything suddenly accelerate : the cambrian period and its [ torrential million - year rain pass ina few second . the Earth be ' no more than a volcano float away in space . Lucy be fascinate by everything she see at each stage . the Earth join thousand of other star in movement . the journey in time take we back to the origin . tunnel of star , sidereal painting that look like the accumulation of cell we see right at the start of the movie . - million of star fizz past , all in the same direction . - the cell be now visible . there be around a hundred of they . - the star gather and converge ona single point . - only eight cell now . | - the energy of the universe be concentrate and condense . - only four cell now . _- all the star hurtle toward a single point . the energy be _ unbearable . | - two cell . - the whole Universe be now a phosphorescent ball . 112. L there be now ... only one single cell , a single planet , a single iris , a single world , a same circle with different color . - the Universe continue to shrink and disappear into a miniscule circle . a iris . a cell . Lucy be at the origin of the world , a spectator of the Big bang . - blackout - - for several second , we remain in darkness , sidereal night . no \picture or sound , just emptiness . - Lucy weep tear of joy and grief . ultimate knowledge necessarily provoke both . - close on Lucy 's heart . the enormous valve be about to close again , like the massive door of a fortify castle . _ ~ in slow -motion , the valve slam deafeningly shut on the ventricle . her heart be about to beat again . with the next clap , the Universe explode once more , and she heart swell once more . - at top speed , we rewind the story , or fast - forward it , no matter ... the original explosion , expansion of the Universe , formation of the Earth , its ocean , the inception of life , civilization ... ts the Universe perpetual motion ? as regular as a heartbeat ? the history of a lifetime fit into a single heartbeat ? . life storey and the history of the Universe be a single story _ see from agreater or smaller distance ? | and time be just a scale to measure the size of the story ? i cur to : 113 . the camera hurtle at top speed through period and plain toward Lucy , sit on she chair in the middle of the lab . the camera arrive so fast , like a car speed into a wall , and the impact be so violent that Lucy disappear . her clothes fall on the floor . she be nowhere and , most likely , everywhere . | | she be now part of the Universe , part of this never -end story [ that constantly life and die , like a simple cell . insert : ahuge " 100 % " fill the screen . ' the scientist gawk , slack - jaw . they can not believe they eye . Del Rio be baffle , silence settles on the room . even the computer fall silent . everybody stare at the inanimate clothes on the floor , the only ' trace of Lucy 's passage . the silence become oppressive . _ suddenly , Professor norman 's phone ring , startling everybody in the room , he pull it out of he pocket . it 's not a call , just a text . sign '' Lucy . '' it read : it 's on youtube . | the Professor smile , enthralled by this proof of he | hypothesis . | the end