pale blue dot revision by noah hawley 6.5. 17 revision by John Henry butterworth 4.20. 17 original screenplay by Brian C Brown & Elliott diguiseppi over black : a astronaut slowly float into shot , a arm reach for something we can not see . close up on a white glove finger outstretch . on the far side of screen the edge of something flat , grey and man-made appear . a wide reverse on the astronaut frame against a giant moon . the astronaut close on the INTERNATIONAL space station . the space shuttle discovery be dock below . a razor sharp shadow line drop by the shuttle wing move across the grey paint aluminium surface towards the astronaut . glove finger close around the yellow grab rail on the discovery . LAURA contact . male voice we copy . heart rate 72 . LAURA in the foot restraint . male voice that 's good work up there , Laura . we find a woman' face this be Mission specialist LAURA wallace ( 40 ) . it be she first space walk , she first NASA mission , but if she 's nervous or intimidate she do not show it . Laura be the girl in junior High who finish calculus test early , so she could go run two mile before track practice . to she , life be a series of task and she be the tool God make to get they do . in the distance , the SUN rise for the sixth time today , golden light move across the shuttle . the screen fill with white light . LAURA damn , that 's bright . out of total white - out bleach facial feature appear . hank ( 0.s. ) you ok ? LAURA that 's so bright . she blink as white light move across she face in a sharp line . LAURA ( cont 'd ) sun-bounce off the panel . I be ok . ready to swing out . we pull out to find that she have attach herself to the canadarm of the Space shuttle Discovery -- a long , fold robotic arm design to help astronaut do difficult work . hank ( 0.s. ) swing out in five , four , three , two , one . the arm begin a slow swing wide , extend to its full one hundred foot , then angle in towards the ISS . chithra ( 0.s. ) panel 4 on its way to you now . LAURA Roger that . angle on the earth below she , a swirl mass of ocean and continent . hank attach t-line . LAURA Safety tether attach . close on LAURA focus on the job , she face frame inside she helmet . the suit she 's wear weigh 250 pound , but in zero gravity she can not feel the weight . outside the temperature be - 100 celcius in the shade , but in direct sun the shuttle can heat to 260 degree . oe there be no oxygen in space , just a cold vacuum that would boil you body fluid and asphyxiate you brain in minute if you do not have the suit , which Laura do -- allow she to float there wait as the replacement panel be lift to she by a long robotic arm . she watch it come , focus on the job , no time to sight - see . below her a wall of airborne sand push across the Atlantic from the sahara , as a perfect spiral of Hurricane Daniel off Mexico 's Pacific coast throw mile long arc of lightning from cloud to cloud . CUT to : int . AIR lock . INTERNATIONAL space station - '' day '' Laura come in through the air hatch . priya chithra ( 30 ) and Mission Commander hank lynch ( 40s ) help she out of she suit . hank not bad , huh ? LAURA what ? beat . be she serious ? hank wallace , you just spend seven hour in space , surround by God 's celestial beauty . tell I you look around . angle on LAURA she do not . LAURA next time . CUT to : int . crew quarter . INTERNATIONAL space station - '' night '' Laura and the crew sleep strapped into insulation bag attach to the shuttle wall . in micro G , the unconscious astronaut seem freeze -- arm bent , hair stand out on end . we find LAURA , at peace , dream zero G dream . we hear a man 's voice . drew ( 0.s. ) that 's right , honey . mommy 's up in space right now . we hear a little boy 's voice . neil ( 0.s. ) why ? drew ( 0.s. ) well , she 's -- you remember mommy show you -- how there 's a building in space -- a station -- and the people in it , they need food and water . and somebody to fix the fridge when it break . so we send astronaut to fly up there and do a job . neil ( 0.s. ) and mommy 's a astronaut . close on LAURA her eyelid move as she dream . drew ( 0.s. ) that 's right . it 's all she ever want to be , and she do it . yay , mommy ! a long beat and then we hear a low tone and the song here come the SUN by the beatle fill the cabin . the light come up gently . the crew stir , move slowly . all except Laura who 's eye SNAP OPEN at the tone . she spring into action . CUT to : int . INTERNATIONAL space station - '' night '' the crew eat , dress in brand fleece , get use to zero gravity . hank so today be eva two . we 'il be offload the mplm . chithra and henckle be on the arm . I be on point with wallace and Cole . angle on LAURA she eat efficiently , roll each tube from the bottom , fold she foil packet . bo a german astronaut , mile henckle ( 30 ) be sit next to she . he be look at a photograph . in it we see a woman pose with a baby . he show she . mile eleven month . my wife say yesterday he point up , say daddy . you have three , ya ? LAURA a girl and two boy , twin . mile you must miss they . LAURA it 's only a few day . and -- you know -- they be here with I . she point to she head . LAURA ( cont 'd ) they voice . get it do , mom . make we proud . over the PA we hear : mission control ( 0.s. ) Morning Discovery this be Houston control . Laura stand , chit chat over . LAURA go time . mission control ( 0.s. ) Laura that song be from you family who hope you have a wonderful space day today . she tag the intercom . LAURA Roger , Houston cms . standby . mission control ( 0.s. ) Discovery crew message be on board and printing . if you can work it in , we have like to get post sleep cryo config perform in the next 15 minute or so . LAURA Roger Houston . start sequence . Calling 02 first . hydrogen second . Laura navigate a dizzying array of panel and switch . LAURA ( cont 'd ) tank one , 816 . t2 813 . tank 3 816 . tank four 814 . t5 814 . manifold pressure optimal . h2 . tank one 212 - CUT to : int . MAIN hatch - '' day '' Laura stand in she space suit with hank and cole . hank reach for the airlock control . he push the button . the hatch open . angle on the planet earth as it be reveal by the retreate door , oceanic , bath in brilliance . angle on LAURA as celestial light hit she . the view be indescribable . despite she professional demeanor , Laura can not help but take in the magesty of the universe . CUT to : ext . space shuttle discovery - '' night '' Laura , hank and Cole put finish touch on the panel she 's repair . it 's dark now , the sun hide on the other side of the Earth . below she , the neon light of the shanghai night glow and pulse , reflect off she visor . hank okay . last bolt . he fasten it . hank ( cont 'd ) that 's it , folk . time to pack up and go home . 7 . the three astronaut process that , the end of the mission . beat . hank ( cont 'd ) maybe five more minute . angle on LAURA that 's fine with she . she do not want this trip to end . CUT to : int . cockpit . space shuttle discovery - day the crew be strapped in for the return to Earth . henckle ISS decouple complete . hank I have the stick . beginning descent . he fire thruster and begin they break from orbit . we push past the pilot and co- pilot and move towards Laura , sit in back . her job be do . around she , the crew be talk , laugh . Laura stay focus , a tool without a task . she try to hang on to the feel , to remember every moment , to slow time . CUT to : ext . exosphere - day as the shuttle descend from outer space , encounter atmospheric resistance , it 's tile beginning to heat up . CUT to : ext . stratosphere - day Blue sky , just high enough to see the curvature of the Earth . boom boom . the distinct double - thunderclap of the sonic boom that accompany every Space shuttle as it re-enter earth 's atmosphere , racing through the sky at 6,000 mile per hour . boom boom . the loud rumble of the Discovery crew out - run sound itself can be hear all across the Gulf Coast . the belly of Discovery glow bright lava - orange . CUT to : int . space shuttle discovery - continuous commander lynch , steady hand at the control , ease the orbiter into its descent to the Eastern coast of Florida . Laura , focus , attentive , monitor the onboard safety system . the noise be deafen but the crew hammer on . hank there she be . through the windshield we see cape canaveral , runway 33 straight ahead . hank ( cont 'd ) gear down . they make they approach to cape -- the ground close in fast -- and touch down on the hard macadam like clockwork . hank ( cont 'd ) chute . a button be push . parachute rocket from the rear of the orbiter . the astronaut be throw forward against they restraint , as the G force of the fast brake kick in . Discovery roll to a stop . hank ( cont 'd ) well do , astronaut . they unbuckle . hank ( cont 'd ) let 's go home . Laura remove she restraint , rise slowly . we notice all the astronaut move sluggishly , feel the effect of gravity for the first time in two week . chithra ugh . Earth suck . qo they move out of the cockpit , into the MAIN hold and towards the exterior door . hank clap Cole on the shoulder , grin . ahead of we , the shuttle door be open , sunlight pour in . the cabin around Laura go dark . from she Pov we approach the doorway -- the darkness around the doorway close we frame from 2:35 to 4:3 . Laura enter frame and -- exit the shuttle onto the -- ext . runway 33 . cape canaveral - day now in full daylight , we realize we be still in the shrunken aspect ratio -- as if back on Earth Laura 's life be smaller somehow , more claustrophobic . angle on LAURA as she blink against the sunlight . angle on the runway a large crowd be gather on bleacher , NASA personnel , family and the general public . hank wave to the crowd , as do the other astronaut . they be celebrity for a day , american heroes . angle on the crowd we see drew wallace ( 40s ) and the kid . Drew be a NASA public relation executive . he 's a handsome guy with a good smile , who worship he wife . drew ( point ) there she be . there 's mommy . close up on LAURA she look a little stunne at the change of focus -- from mission to celebration . a hour ago she be on the International Space Station , hundred of mile above the Earth . she work up a smile , wave . NASA boiler suite worker approach and help the crew to a flag drape stage . hank take a offer microphone . hank thank you , cape canaveral ! 10 . thunderous applause . the crew can not help but smile . hank ( cont 'd ) this bird be in the best shape of any I have fly . we do it . we 'il do it again . darn it , we be gonna be do it for a heck of a long time . the crowd go nut . Laura deal with gravity , squint . hank ( cont 'd ) also -- to the crew and family of the Columbia -- we miss you every day -- let 's have a moment of silence . everyone on the stage and in the crowd go silent , bow they head . a long beat as we see the face in the crowd , include Laura 's family . hank look up . hank ( cont 'd ) thank you . we ’1ll go say hi to we own family now . y’all have a great day . the ceremony end . Laura make she way off the stage a little shakily . below on the runway , she family await . drew there 's my girl . Laura 's daughter RUTH ( 15 ) be a few pace away . Laura 's twin , neil and ed ( 6 ) , hold foil '' welcome Home '' balloon . they see she , and -- neil and ed mom !!! -- come run for she , arm outstretch , they balloon fly away . even Ruth be tear up . the boy hit they mother at full speed -- LAURA -- oof. Laura bundle they into she arm . kiss every smile face . Drew put he arm around Laura . she lean into he . drew we miss you so much . he give they all a big hug that lift she off the ground -- LAURA careful . I might break . Laura at the centre of a bundle of she family look up . angle on the sky as the balloon float up and up towards the cloud . CUT to : int . frank paxton 's office . cape canaveral , FL - later Laura wait as paxton thumb through a flight report . his office be a museum to the last 30 year . photo of he identical haircut over year , oversee construction of a prototype enterprise , pose with sally ride , JOHN glenn etc . paxton so. how do you feel ? LAURA walk 's more of a pain in the ass than I remember . paxton get 's easier . how be it ? LAURA Mission accomplish , sir . paxton that 's not what I ask . LAURA best two week of my life . paxton smile up from he paperwork . for all he work he 's never be to space . this be as close as he will ever get . LAURA ( cont 'd ) Boat run like a clock . system hold up . Crew be top class . paxton there will be a routine psych follow up at 3 day , 14 and 30 to 45 — just to go over lesson learn in hindsight and help you adjust to you new role on the ground . LAURA it 's not necessary . 12 . paxton well , it 's regulation , so -- any confusion up there ? panic ? LAURA I will admit , first time you step out of that bay -- it 's not nothing . paxton do you feel any immediate danger ? LAURA we all take the same risk . paxton you know what I mean . Laura consider , want to give a honest answer . LAURA Sir , I never feel so alive . paxton smile . he sit back from he desk . paxton I 'il be honest , I do not know how many more of this launch we be gonna do . LAURA that 's a mistake . paxton I know , but -- a lotta suit in Washington think we budget have be better spend elsewhere . bomb maybe . but in the meantime , atlantis be around the corner for we -- LAURA -- two year to blastoff , sir . paxton and we will need a Mission specialist . would you be willing to return ? Laura have to stop herself from blurt out : absolutely . 3h LAURA I hope to serve NASA and my country any way I can for as long as I can . CUT to : int . waiting room . paxton 's office - moment later paxton escort Laura into a wait area , where a man lean against the wall and thumb through a old issue of time . paxton you be one of the good one , wallace . man ( 0.s. ) -- not what you say when I get back . the man smile , MARK goodwin , a 45 - year - old all - american type with a edge of surfer . paxton that oughta tell you something . you meet Mark goodwin ? in from Houston . he 's the driver seat for the endeavour launch . ( to Mark ) we other pilot be all busy that day huh ? MARK I believe every single one , sir . LAURA ( offer she hand ) Laura wallace . wow . you go -- January 27th right ? congrat . MARK a honour to serve . how be it ? he point up and whistle a ascend note . Laura laugh . LAURA amazing . MARK amazing . he stare at she . no sale . she 's wrong foote . the moment hang . it 's awkward . Laura draw breath to speak when -- 14 . MARK ( cont 'd ) ok , there it be . LAURA Excuse I ? MARK yeah . wow . LAURA sorry . there what be ? MARK plain as day . paxton Commander goodwin have a '' theory '' he can tell who 's be to space by look at they . MARK more than a theory , chief . Laura be a little throw . Mark see she self - consciousness . MARK ( cont 'd ) it 's ok . come back be hard . LAURA teel Laura throw a nervy glance at paxton . Mark see and smile . MARK already try to get back there , be not you ? you go get ‘em , tiger . he throw a loose salute and walk away . she watch he go . all the way . Laura snap out of a daze to see paxton disappear -- LAURA wait , sir ? where do I report to now ? he shrug re-enter he office . paxton nowhere . go home with you family . month pay leave start now . 5 Laura try to return he grin but do not quite manage it . CUT to : ext . two lane blacktop . houston , TX - day the wallace suv head home . drew ( 0.s. ) I be say it 's a choice . CUT to : int . suv ( traveling ) houston , TX - day Drew drive . Laura be in the passenger seat . the kid be in back . Laura look out the window , take in she return -- tree , house . but also trash on the side of the road . all the problem of mankind , right where she leave they . drew you be either -- the kind of person who see problem , or you see solution . Ed and Neil bicker in the backseat . RUTH they kick he outta school . what 's the spin there ? LAURA who ? drew her boyfriend . RUTH he 's not my -- he 's Jenny 's boyfriend and he get expell for blow up a toilet with a cherry bomb . turn that into a public relation win . drew well , maybe you school be the wrong school for he . maybe this be the push he need to get he act together . see ? the glass be half full , not half empty . RUTH what do you think , mom ? 16 . LAURA I think the glass be too big . RUTH what do that mean ? drew you mom 's a engineer . Laura turn in she seat , explain . LAURA see , if you get a glass that 's only ever fill half way , you have get more glass than you need to get the job do . the kid look at she like she 's from Mars . a ceiling fan dissolves in over she face , spin in the Texas heat . CUT to : int . master bedroom . wallace house . houston , TX - evening Laura and Drew ( dress ) lay on top of the make bed , look up . Laura 's pack bag be in evidence by the closet . we hear sound of life from the rest of the house . LAURA the azalea look good . drew I water they every day . ( beat ) or I would have , if I do not forget . that be new . I put they in this morning . LAURA I miss you . drew yeah ? ( beat ) Babe , we go to space . he look over at she . drew ( cont 'd ) I be so proud of you . lie LAURA it be -- I do not know -- it 's hard to put in word . drew I bet . LAURA to be up there . drew do you see the great Wall of China ? how about Texas ? see we wave up from the back lawn ? -- Ed run past they doorway scream , a lit sparkler in he hand . Drew sit up . drew ( cont 'd ) Ed wallace ! freeze , boy . get back here . Ed tromp back into the bedroom , sad - face now , the sparkler still burn . drew ( cont 'd ) never bring a light anything into this house ? not a candle , not a match -- certainly not a firework . LAURA sparkler . drew you know the rule , boy . bed. now . Ed look like he might cry . LAURA I do miss the 4th . Ed look up , sense a open . ed you get sparkler up there ? LAURA not even one . ( whisper ) maybe you and I ought to do something about it . do not tell dad . get any more where this come from ? Ed have a giant smile across he face . 18 . -- ka - boom -- firework exploding . CUT to : ext . wallace backyard - later -- the home-variety but it 's still a impressive display . -- a lit flame light fuse -- as Laura run around lighting mortar , black cat , cherry bomb . the twin look on in awe . Drew pull Ruth to a safe distance . LAURA -- I be be careful . drew Laura , that 's too close !- -- pop pop pop pop -- inch from she face , a series of bottle rocket spray off in all direction -- LAURA yell in delight . everything slow down , the firework become abstract . in the darkness we might not notice the edge of frame widening , as the fire light become -- the elemental inferno of a shuttle booster at lift off -- and we -- CUT to : int . MAIN cabin . space shuttle discovery - day now back in wide screen . Laura be press into she seat as Discovery lift high from the ground . she yell into the helmet . Fighting real pain . pressure three time gravity pin she head . a deafen rattle grow louder and louder , swallow all sound . in the corner of she eye she see hank , fight to hit a switch . hank separation in three ! two -- there 's a lurch forward as Discovery 's solid rocket booster decouple and fall , slow the orbiter 's momentum . brief respite as Laura be pin to she seat as thruster engage . she grimace . if the vibration do not shake the shuttle to piece they might she . it slow . sheer hell recede . in a cabin window , day give way to night in second , real life on timelapse as Laura break past the edge of the world . 19f she float . she can breath again . tear fill she eye . she look out of the window at star . outside , a single firework detonate . its bloom fill the view . back to : ext . wallace backyard - night sparkle firework fade into the night sky . with the fade , the edge of the screen shrink back to 4:3 . we find Laura lean on the house , stare up . she sip a beer . Drew work the grill . drew y'all do burn down the subdivision ? we be almost eat here -- Ruth , texting on she phone , ignore the family . LAURA hey . come over here . RUTH pourquoi ? LAURA just do it missy . Ruth stomp to she mom . Laura pull into she , wrapping both she arm around , rest she chin on top of she head . LAURA ( cont 'd ) do you grow while I be go ? RUTH how could that even be possible ? you be go like a week ? LAURA thirteen day thanks for count . wait . what do I miss ? spill . Laura tickle she daughter who fight she off but there 's a hint of a smile on Ruth 's lip . it would disappear in a second if anyone could see . Laura kiss she and relent into a hug . RUTH dad kill you azalea and buy new one from lowe 's . ( more ) 20 . RUTH ( cont 'd ) Ed get mad cause they 's 1ll never name a hurricane after he . Neil eat five popsicle and puke in the yard . LAURA I mean with you . what 's up ? RUTH me? well . I have my first period . LAURA oh my god ! Ruth !!? RUTH and I get a man-friend . he get I pregnant cause of the whole new womb sitch so I will probably get anorexic about that . gonna get into drug this weekend to cheer myself up . oh I be tote gay . so no wedding , chill ? Ruth peck she mother on the cheek and walk away . LAURA so long as you be happy . ( beat ) you be joke about the thing right ? Laura gesture south . Ruth disappear back into she phone . RUTH rad heart - to-heart , mom . naile it . LAURA you know I miss you , right ?!! CUT to : int . kitchen . wallace house - day the next morning . Laura wander in , wear she bathrobe , look groggy . Drew be dress for work , a '' NASA Public Relations '' i.d. around he neck , slurping cereal . drew hi , sleepyhead . how 's rocket lag ? LAURA what time be it ? where be the kid ? 2ye drew half eight . carpool pick ‘em up . I better be go too -- Drew set the bowl in the sink past Laura , kiss on the cheek . drew ( cont 'd ) -- we be almost do cut all the footage together from the mission . I have get Commander Lynch come in later to start the interview for the press kit . not all on vacation you know . LAURA you know how I love a vacation . drew you earn it . enjoy . you ok ? LAURA I be fine . get use to -- stuff . drew I get it . just rest . Mission accomplish . my hero . he kiss the top of Laura 's head and leave for work . Laura stand in she pajamas in the middle of she kitchen . maroon . close up on LAURA fuck it . she can not just sit around . CUT to : ext . assisted live facility . houston , TX - day a upscale old folk home situate on a golf course . we find a old woman sit on she first floor patio , a low patio wall between she and the link . she have the nasal plug of a oxygen line in she nose . this be miriam '' nana '' holbrook , the materfamilias , a woman who can do the Sunday Times crossword puzzle in under a hour and then kill a rattlesnake with a shovel . as we watch nana raise a cigarette to she lip . LAURA there be better way to kill yourself than smoking with you oxygen machine . nana turn . Laura be there , hold a tool box . 220 nana how 's that , fucker ? Laura kiss she nana on the head , sit down next to she . LAURA well , I be back . nana ( teasing ) do you go somewhere ? LAURA up , then down . beat . nana smoke . nana you show that ivy League asshole how it 's do ? LAURA damn straight . beat . they watch the golfer . nana ( beat ) you father play golf . Said it be good for business . LAURA he be unemployed . nana he be a idiot . ( look over ) you here to make sure I be still breathe ? LAURA Drew say you disposal 's out . CUT to : int . nana 's apartment . assisted live facility - day Laura lay on the floor , she head and arm bury in the cabinet under the sink . she 's work the disposal with a screwdriver . 23 ) . LAURA I be suppose to be on vacation . I have already color code three room in my house and sign up for six school committee . nana sit on a red scooter , watch . she pour some whiskey in she coffee . nana you should get a hobby , like I . LAURA drink 's not a hobby . nana well , government say I be too old to do it professionally . Laura come out from under the sink , wipe grease on she pants . LAURA fix . she stand , go to wash she hand . nana they give you a medal ? LAURA NASA ? for what ? all I do be my job . nana good girl . no special treatment . when 's the next mission ? LAURA endeavour go in a few week . atlantis be in two year . that 's my shot . beat . nana study she . nana well , you be not get any young . Laura nod . nana ( cont 'd ) so you be just gonna have to work harder . 24 . close up on LAURA she can do that . CUT to : ext . track . lyndon B. johnson space CENTER - afternoon Laura run hard on the training facility 's outdoor track , behind she loom the gigantic saturn V rocket , casting a long shadow over the track in the afternoon sun . she 's suddenly aware of a shadow gain on she from behind . a young woman , tall , athletic , erin eccle ( 20 ) wear a NASA cadet tracksuit push past she , apparently without much effort . Laura watch she pull away . on the next lap the same girl be do '' clap up '' press up on the grass by the track . control . strong. easy . with a burst of energy , Laura sprint . it 's intense , ugly run - push the limit . she double over , sweat pour . MARK ( 0.s. ) relax . you will run faster . Mark jog past . Laura try to speak between breath . fail . MARK ( cont 'd ) loose . no hurry . just -- let go . Mark rip into a fluid upright sprint action . we linger on she . as Mark disappear at impressive speed , he bellow : MARK ( cont 'd ) keep up the good work !!! -- at a comical volume . Laura laugh , shaking she head . CUT to : ext . elementary school . houston , TX - day Laura sit in the suv , do pickup like a regular parent . she watch the daily routine of other family . angle on kide and they parent , pickup by foot and by car . angle on LAURA 25 ) . this be how civilian do it -- leisurely , like there 's all the time in the world , like nothing else exist in the universe , not even death . to calm herself , Laura begin to mutter a checklist . LAURA uts to urine transfer hose . close . connect urine tranfer filter to faece PD . check . angle on her boy come out the front door . angle on LAURA not see they , focus on the checklist . we push in on she face . LAURA ( cont 'd ) clip receptical assy to transfer hose . check. ura valve . vent. open . around her the car disappear , replace by the INTERNATIONAL space station . close on LAURA lose in the moment , triple check she space suit . LAURA ( cont 'd ) management drain valve . dump . flush pkg , screen and honeycomb . check . there be a portal window beside she . halfway through the checklist she pause , turn , look out . angle on two astronaut tethere and float outside , frame by the Earth 's atmosphere . suddenly -- the rear door of the suv OPEN , the boy climb in . Laura start at the noise , turn . neil hey , mom . ed hey. 26 . LAURA hey , guy . how be -- sorry -- how be school today ? Ed lean forward . ed what 's a cocksucker ? CUT to : int . boy 's room . wallace house . houston , TX - night the boy be asleep in they bed . we find LAURA in the doorway . she study they . over they bed be mobile of the planet . all they toy be space toy , the poster on the wall . Laura study the planet spin above they bed on the mobile . she go down the hall . Music come out of Ruth 's room . the door be open a crack . Laura look in . angle on RUTH she 's on the bed , facetime with a friend . she laugh , happy . she look up , see she mother -- stick out she tongue , but playfully . angle on LAURA she wave . she should be happy , but she feel outside of everything . CUT to : int . master bedroom . wallace house - night Laura and Drew be in bed . they make love . close on LAURA she love she husband . she 's try to be present . angle on drew above she , absorb , worshipp she . the edge of frame vibrate around he , try to burst free , to open up . close on LAURA she give herself to the act -- try to fake it till she make it . blo the world around they open slightly , and for a moment it seem Laura will escape she head , but then drew finishes -- the wall close in again . he roll off she , breathe hard , snuggle up . drew I miss you , pooh bear . he close he eye . Laura lay beside he , look at the ceiling . plimpton ( 0.s. ) and you be settling back in ? CUT to : int . will plimpton 's office . johnson space CENTER - day Laura sit across from will plimpton , the nasa psychiatrist . LAURA never settle . my nana teach I that . plimpton ( beat ) how be you feel physically ? LAURA I be in top shape , sir . plimpton after just a few day in zero gravity you bone and muscle mass begin to shrink dramatically . you be up two week . I have see man carry off the shuttle , too weak to stand . Laura stand , show he she 's fine . plimpton ( cont ’d ) Frank tell I you graduate top of you class from the naval academy , valedictorian in both high school and college . I guess my question be -- can you stop ? LAURA stop what ? 28 . plimpton work . LAURA I be a astronaut with three kid . when exactly be I suppose to stop ? plimpton be not you on pay vacation right now ? ( she nod ) and do not I see you on the track here yesterday , and in the gym this morning ? LAURA bone density . muscle mass . plimpton throw a frisbee . fly a kite . Laura laugh at a private think . plimpton ( cont ’d ) what ? LAURA my nana say frisbee be for dog . plimpton tell I about she . LAURA Miriam holbrook -- fifth generation west Texan , daughter of the american Revolution -- husband die in a drilling accident , raise three kid by herself , get she engineering degree at night . plimpton so -- tough . beat . Laura think about that . to she nana be just what a woman need to be . no adjective necessary . LAURA Three guy chase my dad home from school one day with axe handle . she put the first warning shot in the dirt . plimpton the first . 297 . LAURA in Texas a leg shot 's consider a warning . plimpton ( beat , then ) why be they chase he ? LAURA who ? plimpton you dad . LAURA he piss in the gas tank of they car . beat . they think about that -- where she get she drive and strength , because it be not from she father . plimpton take a walk , go to the beach . LAURA I will . he study she . she 's lie . plimpton Michael Collins . LAURA Apollo 11 . he pilote the moon lander that deliver Neil and buzz . plimpton so you know that after he drop they , he circle the moon for hour , farther from Earth than any man have ever be -- no light , no radio . and he wept , consume by darkness , and then -- when he see the sun again -- he wept some more . Inside the capsule he write : I be now truly alone and absolutely alone from any know life . I be it . beat . what can she say to that ? the word be like live wire she do not want to touch . LAURA I be fine . 30 . plimpton you need rest -- and time . to process what happen . to ground yourself . literally . angle on LAURA as she think about that . CUT to : int . cafeteria . johnson space CENTER - day Laura carry a tray to a table . she be hail by everyone as she walk -- a return hero . she approach frank paxton . he be stand with erin eccle the young woman from the run track . if Laura be the terminator , Erin be the T - 1000 ; new , faster , more cun . but she 's also kind , hopeful , a optimist . paxton see Laura . paxton wallace , get you sea leg back ? LAURA yes , sir . paxton this be Erin eccle . she 's training for the atlantis mission . Erin stick out she hand . erin it 's a honor . Laura shake she hand . LAURA I see you on the track this morning . erin right . LAURA you need to keep you head up . erin ( take aback ) I will -- thanks for the tip . say paxton Laura 's in the run for atlantis too . LAURA can not beat experience . beat . Laura hold Erin 's eye , but Erin do not back down . paxton see the tension , do not try to defuse it . paxton okay , well -- good luck to you both . he walk away . erin he seem like a good guy . LAURA a real pro . erin so what 's it like up there ? must be quite a rush . LAURA it 's a job , kid . not kite - board off kuai . remember that when you be on a three axe spin at four G 's . erin thanks . do you think maybe -- I do not know -- I could call you sometime for advice ? this take Laura off guard . she soften . LAURA sure . erin great . do you have a cell phone , granny , or be you still on a land line ? beat . Laura smile . fuck you , too . LAURA Chin up . Laura walk away , find a table , push she food around , watch Erin wander over and mingle with a group of men . be she flirt ? 320 MARK ( 0.s. ) hey , moonglow . Laura look up . Mark be stand there with two young girl -- chelsea and emily , 9 and 6 . MARK ( cont 'd ) I be give my lady a tour . chelsea , Emily , this be Laura . she 's a colleague of daddy 's . chelsea be you a astronaut ? LAURA yes , I be . Laura smile , shoot a friendly salute . they salute back . LAURA ( cont 'd ) great to meet you . you dad 's always tell everyone how cool you be . they be thrilled to hear this . Mark mouth a '' thank you '' - MARK you know girl , Laura here be in space last week . maybe you have get a question for she ? Laura smile as they struggle to come up with anything -- emily uhm -- chelsea where would you get that brownie ? LAURA over there . and they be so good . Mark offer five buck which they snatch and go run : MARK do not tell mom you eat that ! ( to Laura ) separate . it 's a lot of work . LAURA they seem like great kid . MARK they be . do you bowl ? 33 ) LAURA what ? MARK bowl . indigenous cultural praxis of the North Americas ? promote social cohesion via pointless competition , alcohol abuse and share footwear . -- Mark eat the end of she brownie . she notice . LAURA with you and the girl ? MARK with the club . you be a member now . LAURA what club ? Mark flag two astronaut pass by . he point both finger - MARK Roll tonight ? jim yep . pete yep . Mark point to Laura and look expectant -- LAURA what _ club ? MARK the most select group form in the history of mankind . Mark solemnly tap a patch on he flightsuit . a roll Earth scatter tenpins , NASA and crb embroider above and below . MARK ( cont 'd ) a secret society where every member have be to heaven to look upon the face of God . the one . the only : Circle of the Rolling Ball . Laura wave he off laugh -- just then , 34 . LAURA fun as that sound -- I be not really a joiner . plus kid and blah blah -- dinner do not make itself . MARK Earth family . you get a new family now . semper volven . LAURA you want I to say that to my husband ? that -- bad latin . MARK tell he it 's training . that 's what the rest of we do . Emily and chelsea return , with a tray of dessert . MARK ( cont 'd ) sugarlane 8 pm . ask for wernher von braun . ( to she kid ) Girls , let go see if we can eat this riding a centrifuge . c’mon -- Mark grab the tray and bail leave Laura shaking she head . CUT to : int . LAURA 's suv . houston , TX - night Laura behind the wheel , phone to she ear . drew ( 0.s. ) ( on the phone ) what training ? you be not suppose to be back yet . LAURA I know . I tell they . but it 's just - - simple stuff . more of a debrief . I will not be late . drew ( 0.s. ) well , if it 's good for NASA , I guess it 's a win for I too . LAURA that 's the spirit . she hang up . 35r reveal : her car be park outside sugarland lane . CUT to : int . sugarland lane . houston , TX - night close up on a bowling ball it arc through the air , landing on a wax lane head into the triangle of hope -- -- crash -- pin tumble and spin leave a badly split spare . LAURA darn it . by the ball return , Mark pal around with Pete and Jim . jim trajectory apex error . LAURA I like the challenge . make it a little fairer on you boy . Laura take a swig from a yuengle . Mark brandish she ball MARK May I ? LAURA depend . you get any idea what you be talk about ? MARK my great grandfather invent this game . swear to god . great great . Mark close to Laura , cupping she hand in he -- and draw she arm back in large , slow practice throw . MARK ( cont 'd ) secret be -- little twist at the end there . you see ? Laura feel the closeness of he body . they move together . LAURA lil 's twist ? you coach the boy like this , that the secret in this club ? jim we ask he not to . get so weird . 36 . pete help we . can you ? jim the secret be he 's hammer . MARK oh , that 's no secret at all . Mark head to he beer but not before call out to Laura : MARK ( cont 'd ) remember what I tell you ! Laura step up to the line . she take a deep breath before heaving the ball down the lane and -- pick up the spare ! the astronaut go berserk . Laura rain high fives . MARK ( cont 'd ) go on . say it . LAURA all student , no teacher . MARK I like it . i’1l take that . and now '' the teacher '' step up . gather . Mark grab a ball , wind up -- flexe wildly and slide to the line . hurl the rock where it soar and -- -- skew hard into the gutter . Mark hold he perfect form . MARK ( cont 'd ) and shake hand with the kingpin . Laura and the guy fall about laugh . CUT to : later -- the astronaut shoot the shit post - game . Laura notice Mark up at the bar make the barmaid laugh . pete how you do since you get back ? jim tongue still feel weird ? LAURA yes ! what be that ?! pete no one know . they think the brain adjust to speak in zero G. go in about a week . LAURA I be great . pretty great . feel a little like -- I do not know . y'know ? the astronaut nod in unison . pete you crack up yet ? LAURA I be sorry ? pete not a question of if , just when . jim how hard . pete amen . LAURA wait -- what be you say ? pete say watch yourself for the first few month . you see what few people ever see . felt thing no one feel . do not go walk around pretend you be like everyone else and life be what you always think it be . LAURA why not ? jim because you 's 1ll lose you shit . plus it be not the truth . be it ? Laura stare levelly back at they . she open a fraction . LAURA what be ? jim beat the shit out of I . S / of 38 . pete I too . and yet , here we all be . right here . no place else . jim right now . no time else . pete just like we all see . right ? Mark swing in , place a armful of beer on the table . MARK as request : five yuengling . jim and four of we , Professor . MARK how could this have happen ? MARK and pete and jim in unison must have be a round error . Laura laugh . jim that 's why he like you so much . you laugh at he old joke . MARK only old joke here be you , buddy . LAURA ouch . MARK come on . we love each other . pete I assure you , we do not . MARK then how come we share all the sordid detail of we entire life ? LAURA ooh sordid detail ? like what ? pete I could have do without it . jim I too . some of that stuff -- 39 F LAURA c’mon . spill . MARK nothing . I be a saint . LAURA oh you be , huh ? pete a saintly man and a manly saint . St. Mark of the Star fill Sky . jim yup . he 's a -- what he say . sure . CUT to : ext . wallace house . houston , TX - midnight Mark 's truck roll up the driveway . Mark bail to the passenger side , make a exaggerated bow -- LAURA and a gentleman . Laura laugh , return the gesture with a regal nod . on she way out of the truck , Laura slip , fall onto Mark . MARK still work on that Earth leg ? LAURA or just intoxicate . Laura regains she foot , brace against Mark . she look up at she house , let out a wistful sigh . Mark nod . MARK you do not know what to tell they . that 's ok . you can not . not really . LAURA ( realization dawn ) they 's 11 never know . MARK you be lucky here . remember that . might not seem like it . but you be . they need you . you need they . LAURA do you ever stop miss it ? 40 . MARK I wish I could lie , but I can not . you can turn away and hide , but I be afraid there 's nothing like it . Laura be suddenly aware it 's unclear whether he mean space , NASA or a house with a family wait . they be inch apart . LAURA I better go . Mark nod , step back . Laura head unsteadily inside . MARK see you on deck , sailor . CUT to : int . kitchen . wallace house -- moment later Laura enter the house , drop she bag on the kitchen floor and slowly , quietly make she way up the stair . as she move down the hallway , she notice a light still on : Ruth 's . CUT to : int . RUTH 's bedroom . wallace house - continuous Laura find she asleep , hand mark place in a Harry Potter . Laura carefully dog -ear she page . put the book away . as she watch she daughter sleep , Laura choke up suddenly , overcome with emotion . desperate . she crouch down hugging she knee and look up at Ruth 's ceiling , cover in glow - in- the-dark plastic star and heave huge silent sob as she daughter softly sleep . we hear : NASA suit specialist ( 0.s. ) twr jett . LAURA ( 0.s. ) auto. down. guard . CUT to : int . NASA particle free suit chamber . johnson space CENTER - day Laura stand suite up in the centre of a incredibly brightly light room attend by engineer and suit specialist read checklist to she from clipboard . 41 . chyron : atlantis elimination trial . day one : the engineer speak very fast . NASA suit specialist emer cab press valve . LAURA check and check . NASA suit specialist suit ckt return valve . LAURA open . NASA suit specialist 2 reverse 02 umbilical . LAURA NASA suit specialist suit power . check. suit power . LAURA NASA suit specialist 2 audio con . normal . audio control . LAURA NASA suit specialist connect comm con head to pga . connect comm Control head to check. pga . the engineer start laugh as Laura get 's ahead of they without a clipboard or need any prompt . continue alone - LAURA uts to urine transfer hose . close . connect urine tranfer filter to faece PD . check . clip receptical assy to transfer hose . check. ura valve . vent. open . management drain valve . dump . flush pkg , screen and honeycomb . check . check . and check . stop the clock . done and do . Laura put she hand in the air in victory laugh . whoops . NASA suit specialist all other crew hate checklist so much they want to kill we by now . 42 . LAURA you kid ? gotta love a checklist - ( stage whisper ) maybe they be just lazy . CUT to : int . shuttle simulator . johnson space CENTER - day Laura , Mark , hank and Erin -- in astronaut gear -- strapped into a shuttle simulator that 's nearly as old as they be . a machine build in the 70 's -- slow and prone to break down . the astronaut busily check they instrument as -- -- a flashing red light fill the cabin -- LAURA error 143b . check life support . siren . Erin yank a Mission protocol binder . flip through . erin copy that . Houston , endeavour report lss crew cabin warning . mission control Roger endeavour , confirm 02 level ? MARK 02 solid . power essential buss ? erin ess1bc , ess2ca and ess3 ab read confirm . MARK Houston , do you read ? DC and 02 see and green . mission control copy endeavour . siren and blink warning light continue . Laura wince . LAURA still a lot of Christmas up here . hank prs restart indicate Houston ? mission control endeavour capcom be a hard restart . 43 . Erin 's thumbing through a second binder . a second , more staccato siren begin shrieking . LAURA need action here , eccle . erin almost there -- hank 02 drop . venting fast . Erin be throw switch on she console . no luck . MARK eccle ? erin I be -- gimme a second . LAURA we do not have a second , rookie . Erin focus , find it , flip a series of switch on she console -- flash light and siren suddenly stop . everything still . erin get it . beat . they wait , then -- mission control Green light . all system go . end drill . Mark take off he headseat . MARK Nice work , leg . well -- who 's hungry ? Mark unbuckle he harness , stroll out of the simulator . angle on erin she 's breathe hard , exhilated . she look over at Laura , who frown . Erin give she a big smile . CUT to : 44 , int . hallway . johnson space CENTER - day Laura walk down a busy NASA hallway . she stop at one door that 's slightly ajar . she turn 180 . walk away . get 's a few foot down the corridor -- stop . she look back . CUT to : int . mark office . johnson space centre - day knock knock . Laura poke she head in to see -- -- Mark , fast asleep at he desk . the tinny sound of steely Dan come from a early iphone on he desk . Laura close the door quietly and walk over to he . she lean close , get just inch from he face -- -- and slamming her hand on he desk -- Mark startle awake , gasp a big , shocked breath . Laura laugh . Mark play cool . MARK I be awake . I be . Wide awake . LAURA what you do for lunch ? Mark place a paper bag on he desk . MARK get a pack lunch . she reach into the bag , pull out a six - pack of budweiser . MARK ( cont 'd ) it 's late notice but I could see if the maitre D have a table for two . CUT to : ext . seclude road . johnson space CENTER - dusk Laura 's suv park on a side road in the Johnson complex . the decommission saturn V rocket visible from she windshield . Inside , Mark and Laura split a order of fries . Mark pop the top of a can of beer ; hand it to Laura . as she sip , a car drive by . Laura reposition to hide the fact she 's drink . Mark laugh at Laura 's cautiousness . LAURA it 's like we be back in high school smoking under the bleacher . 45 . Mark take a big swig from he can . MARK you never smoke under no bleacher . uh uh . LAURA what ? why ? MARK you be a straight arrow . you never do a wrong thing in you life . LAURA I have do plenty of thing wrong . MARK I bet you never even come second . beat . it 's true . LAURA look , Mr. know - it -all , I do plenty of tawdry shit , I be here to tell ya -- MARK hit I . Laura think for a moment but she be genuinely stump . MARK ( cont 'd ) how about -- smoking under the bleacher ? LAURA nope . never do that . Mark laugh and take another sip . he stare out the passenger window and sigh . he suddenly seem very lose . LAURA ( cont 'd ) hey , you okay ? MARK yeah . my kid -- ( sigh ) -- none of this be easy . Laura nod . she think . then -- LAURA the other night the guy be talk about be in orbit -- 46 . MARK you feel it right ? up there . Laura stop . this be a step out of she comfort zone . LAURA felt what ? MARK you tell I . maybe you do not . she search for word to describe the indescribable . LAURA like be blast completely apart and put back together and instantly I feel like -- I feel like -- MARK you understand it all . LAURA yes . oh my god . yes . what the hell ? MARK a sense that everything 's a part of everything else . all separation between thing be illusion . LAURA out of nowhere . I be look down . I realize -- I realize -- MARK you realize who you be and why we be all here . right ? we be the fringe that feel . Laura be suddenly wide open . she lean and kiss he , fully and deeply -- just as quickly , she pull away . LAURA God I be so sorry . I can not do this . MARK what be we do ? we be just kid smoking under the bleacher . he lean and kiss she . Laura kiss back . more passionate than the first . she reach for he belt . they pull at each other . urgent. hungry . unstoppable . as they do everything shake around they -- as if they be strapped to a booster rocket . 47 . the edge of frame slide away -- the claustrophobia of she world expand -- the adrenaline and wonder of space return . Mark push a hand down she body into she pants . she gasp . kiss deeply , Laura push into he . yanking hard at he jeans , she hand grab he bare ass . and they start to fuck . overhead the roof of the suv shudder , separate , the sky reveal . they begin to rise out of the car , the blue sky above turn black , star surround they . LAURA and MARK fuck like they be alive . like they be the only two people on earth who be . CUT to : ext . wallace house . houston , TX - evening Laura sit alone in she car . in front of she home . panic mode . convince that what have just happen be write on she face . LAURA okey . dokey . she forcibly release a white - knuckle grip on the steering wheel , try to collect herself and spot a crush beer can in the footwell . she dive to grab it before anyone see . she drop it in the recycle container , drop the lid and take a deep breath . CUT to : int . foyer . wallace house - continuous Laura enter the house like she be burgle the place -- ed & neil mommy ! -- the twins rush to hug her , Laura put on a brave face , desperate to look normal . Drew peck she cheek . she wince -- drew hi , mommy ! Ruth wander in . 48 . RUTH nana 's here . Laura turn . nana be sit at the kitchen counter , drink scotch . nana Little fucker be just show I they Lego . drew she say you invite she to dinner . LAURA oh shit . I , uh -- I do . I be so sorry . she go over , kiss nana on the head . LAURA ( cont 'd ) you look good . nana I would slap a okie for a cigarette . LAURA outside . nana yeah , yeah . be a doll . they be in my purse . Laura go into the -- hall nana 's purse be on the hall table . Laura grab it , but miss , knock it over . her wallet and cigarettes spill out , and something else -- a handgun . angle on LAURA see it . she look around to see if anyone else see , but the hall be empty . she pick up the gun , hold it . a .38 special . nana ( cont 'd ) ( call ) somethin fall on you , or you come back ? 49 . Laura lower the gun . she think about put it back in nana 's purse , but do not feel comfortable with the idea . she open the coat closet , put the gun in she jacket pocket . CUT to : int . kitchen . wallace house - moment later Laura come back , give nana she smoke . drew hey , how be work today ? LAURA just -- you know -- same old . how can I help ? she force a smile at they , the happy family enjoy the normal dinner time chaos . CUT to : int . NASA 's neutral buoyancy lab . johnson space CENTER - day a enormous warehouse that hold a swimming pool the size of a football field . underwater be a submerge space shuttle and International Space Station . this be where NASA 's astronaut train for space walk . chyron : atlantis elimination trial . day 39 : Laura 's be stand on a metal platform , wear a modify underwater space suit , helmet on . the platform be lower into the water . CUT to : int . neutral buoyancy tank . johnson space CENTER - later underwater Laura work a panel upside down under the ISS . heavy suite glove wield tethere tool with precision . LAURA removing thermal shroud on rotary Joint motor Controller on the upper face of the p3 truss . ( beat , notice ) Control ? I get a light on suit psi regulator . request sy error check . CUT to : 50. int . control room . neutral bouyancy lab . day test director examine dozen of screen and monitor . test director diver sd02 move in take a look . the camera view close in on Laura suspend in the water . safety diver 02 I have bubbles from the helmet . back to : LAURA she reach a hand to the back of the helmet to investigate and pries at the joint -- bubble get suddenly worse . LAURA suit breach . I have a breach in the rear lateral seal . pressure drop . yup , get wet in here . safety diver 02 scramble safety team . I be go in . test director dive scrub . dive scrub . get she out of there people . the test director hit a abort button and the exit elevator move into position . a underwater speaker sound a alarm . Laura struggle with the back of she helmet try to locate the source of the breach , she tug at the seal and suddenly water flood she helmet upside down . LAURA shit . support diver from all over the pool move into action , head for Laura . Laura look at a gauge . she speak calmly . LAURA ( cont 'd ) suit pressure drop . 31.8 k pa. 31.7 k pa. steady dropoff rate . she push hard try to right herself . a single loop of webbing from the suit to the umbilical wrap around a hide rung of handrail on the underside of the station panel . she tug she leg . caught . Sir upside down , she helmet fill with water , she eye submerges . CUT to : int . control room - continuous . the test director and technician anxiously converge , watch as the accident play out live on screen . test director C ’mon . get she out of there . off radio he turn to he assistant . panic in he eye . test director ( cont ’d ) suit psi drop fast . get a view from under see why she 's stationary . over the radio Laura 's voice ring out , coolly . LAURA Control . get a lot of water in the helmet . pressure 's go . estimate 8 second before I be under here . CUT to : int . neutral buoyancy tank - continuous . through a tangle of umbilical and bubbles diver work to free Laura . suit pressure be way below pool pressure , water now pour in . a waterline rise up the glass of she helmet . but Laura eye on she watch count second as they pass . LAURA 3 second . she take a last breath . blink . calm as water fill she nose LAURA ( cont 'd ) I be under -- -- and she mouth . Laura be now drown . support diver search she suit extremity for where she be stick . Laura remain calm . point accurately to she tethere leg . a diver see where she 's indicate . he swim down and unloop the loop of webbing . the heavy waterlogged suit start to float freely away from the structure . s20 the safety diver work together kick hard with the break suit as fast as they can towards the scaffold platform . Laura 's eye be open . her face peaceful . a bubble escape she nose but otherwise she be motionless . strain . Control . CUT to : int . control room - continuous the engineer call out . test engineer she 's be without 02 for two minute . back to : Laura load onto the elevator platform . pulley clank into action . craning she out of the pool agonisingly slowly . as Laura break the surface diver move fast to release the suit helmet . Water gush out of the suit . Laura gasp . drink air . safety diver Commander wallace . can you hear I , Laura ? Laura cough and breathes deep . look he in the eye . LAURA I be fine . rear convolute in the restraint layer split from the bladder layer . here . Laura hold up the section of she suit , that fail . LAURA ( cont 'd ) get it fix . technician work around she to extract Laura from she suit . CUT to : int . control room - later paxton be be brief on the incident . 53 F test director : watch the footage . she hold she breath upside down over 2 minute , heart rate below 120 bpm the whole time . in fact the longer it go on , the calmer she get . CUT to : int . locker room . johnson space CENTER - day . Laura on a bench . alone for the first time . she raise she hand to she face . they be shaking . she close she fist . her phone ring . drew flash . Laura take a deep breath and answer . before she can say anything he be in full flow . drew ( 0.s. ) hon , I have just have the twin 's form teacher on the phone . they be ask if you could give a talk to the kid at school next week . i’11 get a photographer from the Chronicle . the optic will be great for the program . Laura blink hard , still shaking . there 's no way she can tell Drew what just happen in the tank . LAURA ok . uh-huh . drew be great to give they a answer today . can I confirm ? pta be gonna love we for this . the change room door swing open . MARK rush in , concern and fear on he face . Laura raise she hand to stop he . LAURA say yes . listen , I gotta go . Laura end the call . MARK I come soon as I hear . you ok ? Mark move to hold she . to kiss she . Laura push he away . still processing near-death . or not . numb . Separate . LAURA not here . I be fine . suit fail . small accident . no body count . he smile 54 . MARK Minutes with a pressure leak ? shit . what do you do ? LAURA what can you do ? just hold you breath and hope . bite down . MARK ( impressed ) bite down ? LAURA look at I . I be fine . nothing wrong a dry towel will not fix . suggestively . MARK well -- I be expert rate with both beach and bath towel . CUT to : int . mark office . johnson space CENTER - day Mark and Laura be a tangle of clothes and limb , gasp , finish a quickie up against the door . afterwards -- LAURA that 's the last time , okay ? MARK if you say so Commander . LAURA we can not keep do this . MARK you be probably right . LAURA ok . good. so -- ok ? MARK Roger that . unless -- well -- I be think , before I fly next month , maybe we could find some time , just we . go away someplace . LAURA ( she heart race ) away ? where ? 55 . MARK I do not know . someplace beautiful . beat . Laura think about it -- to hold onto this feel for more than just a hour , to disappear inside of it . but then -- LAURA I can not . I can not get the time . MARK Whole weekend in Florida . just we . close up on LAURA confuse by all this -- she want to go / she should not go . she should end thing . Mark see she indecision . MARK ( cont 'd ) do not decide now . dry out . go home . have a drink . none of this mean anything anyway . LAURA what ? MARK look around . what do you see ? a desk , a chair , the place you work . and out the window -- tree , house -- kid on skateboard . America . you know what science see ? proton , neutron , electron . he touch she chest . MARK ( cont 'd ) and this , we -- we heart -- it 's just blood and muscle -- atom in motion , energy be transfer . it do not mean anything . so why not take we proton and electron and go to the beach ? live . angle on LAURA could it be that simple ? CUT to : 56 . ext . track . johnson space CENTER - day Laura run hard , try to keep she thought at bay . ahead of she she see erin eccle , she stride easy , she form good . Laura accelerate . erin turn , see she come , speed up . the two woman race . Erin 's leg be longer , but she do not have Laura 's drive . slowly , but surely Laura gain on she , pull even . close up on erin the strain show on she face . she look over , uncertain . close up on LAURA she 's in top shape again . if she have to , she ’1ll run this bitch down for the next ten year . erin realize this , slow , let Laura pull ahead . close up on LAURA pull away . we see the triumph on she face . CUT to : int . LAURA 's office . johnson space CENTER - day Laura 's at she desk , annotate technical manual . she continue read as she open she desk drawer and take out a small bottle . knock out two orange pill . swallow cold coffee and find a card on she desk . it 's nothing special , just a piece of fold over yellow paper . Inside , the card read : '' lunch ? my truck or yours ? '' CUT to : int . motel room . houston , TX - evening Laura and Mark fall back on a tangle of sheet . Laura turn to Mark , watch he as he doze . it 's possible he 's fall asleep right there . she whisper very quietly : LAURA I love you . I love you . I love you . -- there 's no way Mark hear it . but then -- 57 . -- he reach , wrap a arm around she , and pull she closer . she push into he . he whisper in she ear : MARK I love you . I love you . I love you . Laura be ecstatic . they kiss . like lover in love . CUT to : int . shuttle simulator . johnson space CENTER - day another drill . Laura be there with chithra and two other astronaut . a alarm ring . mission control Mission fail . LAURA run it again . chithra Laura , it 's late . LAURA run it again . CUT to : int . entryway . wallace house - night Dark . everyone have go to bed . Laura tip toe up the stair . CUT to : int . master bedroom . wallace house - continuous in the darkness , Laura pass by the bed where Drew be sleep . we see he be still awake . Laura do not . Drew stare into darkness . Laura go into the -- int . bathroom . wallace house - continuous Laura open the medicine cabinet . she 's tired , burn it at both end . she grab the pill bottle , shake out two more orange pill , take they . around she , the bathroom light feel too bright . she wince , squint up at it . angle on the bulb the light flaring until the screen fill with white light . 58 . LAURA damn , that 's bright . out of total white - out bleach facial feature appear . hank ( 0.s. ) you ok ? we be back in space , in widescreen , Laura float in she space suit . LAURA that 's so bright . the Earth float below she . LAURA ( cont 'd ) so bright . hypnotize , LAURA reach up , unfasten she helmet , seduce by the view . she lift off her helmet , let it float free . somewhere in she brain she believe she can do this , become a be of pure light , celestial . she take a deep breath , and for a second it seem like it will work -- she will transcend mortal bound -- then she face change . LAURA begins to choke , she eye start to bug out . Inside she body , fluid begin to boil . icicle form on she eye lash , she skin turn blue . she try to scream , but nothing come out . as we watch she drift away . we watch she go until she 's just a white dot in the distance , another astral body float through infinite space . CUT to : ext . parking lot . johnson space CENTER - night Mark walk to he car , alone . it 's late and the place be quiet . Mark reach he truck , open the door and jump -- MARK what the fuck ? -- Laura be hide in the footwell , wait for he . LAURA I tell Drew to go to he mom 's without I . I be work late . 59 F Mark look around , worried that someone might see . he hurry into the truck and close the door . MARK you scared the shit out of I . LAURA well , I have love to make it up to you . Laura run she hand up Mark 's leg but he push she away . MARK not here . we be slip . we have to be more careful . LAURA okay . okay . Laura pull away , clearly hurt . MARK it 's fine . let 's go to my place . he start the engine and back out of the parking space . MARK ( cont 'd ) seriously do not ever do that again . CUT to : int . bedroom . mark apartment . houston , TX - later Laura sleep in Mark 's bed , they clothes throw all over the place . Mark lean in , whisper in she ear : MARK hey . they be gonna miss you at home LAURA Fifteen more minute . I do not think I have ever feel this good . she close she eye -- float in the vacuum of the moment . angle on MARK his impatience show . maybe he 's not as into Laura as we think . he shake she lightly . MARK it 's late . you should go . she hear he tone . LAURA oh. okay , I 'il -- she sit up . he smile at she , touch she face . MARK ( lie ) I just do not want you to get in trouble . LAURA no , that 's -- you be probably right . she grab she clothes , get dress . ext . wallace house - night 60 . CUT to : Laura creep up to she darken house . she take a moment to collect herself , to put she night with Mark behind she . she try a more neutral expression . she take a deep breath , ready herself , and enter the house . int . kitchen . wallace house - night CUT to : the kitchen be a disaster . dish everywhere . Drew stand in the middle of it all , exhaust . in a apron wash up . LAURA hey . sorry . drew I have be try you for hour -- LAURA late night put training module in . I be here . you tuck the kid in ? drew what time do you think it be ? they be fast asleep . Laura listen -- LAURA ( defensive ) what ? work get harder than I think . I just -- be a rough couple week y’know . 61 . drew nana 's in the hospital . LAURA what ? how ? drew she have a stroke . I have be try to call you for hour . the news hit like a gut punch . fear. shame . intense shock . LAURA can I see she ? drew I ' 1l take you in the morning . LAURA be she ok ? drew visit hour from ten . I can take you over there , I tell work I have -- LAURA for god' sake ! stop wash the damn dish and tell I she 's ok ! drew she have not wake up -- he take off the glove , walk over and look at she . drew ( cont 'd ) if you be here , I can take you in the morning . and without any physical contact he walk up to bed . Laura stand in shock . she can not respond to Drew 's coldness . he know ? what do he know ? why be she think this now ? Laura reeling , sleepwalk to the sink . pick up the dish Drew put down . suddenly she stop . LAURA if I be here ? -- a droplet of water begin to float upwards from the sink , as if suspend in zero gravity . Laura look on as a number of droplet float up from the sink , follow by a dirty mug . she stare in terror as -- 62 . -- she float upwards . Laura push from the kitchen counter float through she house as if it be the innard of a orbit ship . tear of shock and shame float from she eye as Laura push she way through the darken house . each tear leave she face seal . a perfect sphere . beep beep beep beep . a hospital vital monitor beat . CUT to : int . intensive care . hospital . houston , TX - day in the corridor , Drew speak to doctor we only half see . all of they . suspend . Inside the room , Laura hold nana 's hand . the old woman look smaller now . fragile . tube and machinery be all that 's connect she to this world . Laura squeeze she paper thin hand . LAURA I do not want you to worry , nana . the doctor say you be gonna be just fine . you just need -- ( look around , lean in ) get you lazy ass out of bed , soldier . you be not do here . there 's still work to do . do not you quit on I . nana stir , mouth something . Laura lean closer , put she ear to nana 's lip . nana fucker . Laura smile . CUT to : ext . wallace house . houston , TX - day Drew pull the suv onto the drive . Laura sit in silence , try to process everything . drew do you sleep at all ? LAURA I be fine . 63. drew you do not have to say that . you do not have to -- LAURA I be not fine . I be not fine at all . there . that work for you ? do that make it all better ? what ? what ? Drew soak it up . he look straight ahead . drew that glovebox be lock . I do not know why so I get the key and I unlock it . LAURA how ? wait . you get the key ? drew be not the point . the point be you be drive around with a load gun in you car so I need to know why ? you be act so strange . I never know where you will be . what time you be come home . and now with wally in the hospital - LAURA -- you get the key off my key ring ? drew a gun . in here , Laura . LAURA why would you do that ? drew and we do not own a handgun . LAURA why would not you just ask I ? wait what do you think be in there ? drew for christ sake LAURA why be there a fucking gun in our car ? Laura look like this be way -- way too much for she . LAURA I have to put it someplace safe . this be hard to say out loud . her compartment collapse . 64 . LAURA ( cont 'd ) it 's nana 's . she have it in she purse when she come to dinner . I do not feel -- I do not want she walk around with it . Drew reach out for she but she shrink away from he . drew why do not you tell I ? Laura get out of the car . LAURA why do not you ask ? what do you think I be do ? Drew be open mouth . do not know what to say . Laura walk . CUT to : int . laundry room . wallace house - evening Laura busy herself with a fourth or fifth load of laundry , sorting through mismatch sock in a manic way . Ruth enter . RUTH Mom ? be nana gonna be ok ? LAURA she 's pretty poorly but the doctor be take real good care of she . RUTH can I come see she next time ? LAURA of course . she have like that . RUTH I finish my american hero project for school . want to see ? LAURA of course , baby . well do . Ruth run off . Laura continue to fold and pile . fold. pile . lose in think . RUTH ( 0.s. ) ta-da. 65 . -- Ruth step into the laundry room in a flight suit . NASA patch on she shoulder , helmet under arm . she look nervous . Laura light up . she run to Ruth , wrapping she up in a hug . Ruth step back so she can read she name badge : l.wallace . RUTH ( cont 'd ) pretty sick I could just do my mom . LAURA oh , sweetheart . Laura hug Ruth tighter ; she begin to cry . RUTH be you okay ? LAURA I be fine -- I be perfect . you be perfect . I love you so much . Laura shut she eye tightly as she squeeze she daughter . a alarm sound . Laura look up . the same as the simulator . Ruth smile happily , walk out . Laura reach for she but Ruth just keep walk . as though she can not hear or see anything at all . light flash . the laundry room vibrate with a pulsing , hot light . Laura 's eye widen . she look around for a solution and then -- LAURA grab her cell phone . CUT to : int . mark apartment . houston , TX - continuous Mark be seat at the table with he daughter as the three of they dig into a box of delivery pizza . the place be pretty sad , all box and the bare essential of furniture . his phone ring : LAURA . he press end . MARK this be cool , huh ? pizza night yeah ! back to : 66 . LAURA panicking in her laundry room . alarm blaring . search the box of wash powder and stack of towel obsessively search for anything to turn off the klaxon . her phone again : search email footer . MARK goodman . home . back to : chelsea and Emily laugh mouth both very full . phone ring . chelsea I get it ! chelsea leap up and head for the phone , but Mark stop she -- MARK not with that grease - finger you do not ! MARK ( cont 'd ) ( grab the cordless ) yello ? LAURA ( 0.s. ) it 's I . a flicker on Mark 's face -- close we have see he to lose he cool . after a second , he 's get a handle on it : MARK Pete . give I a second , I will go check on that . Girls ? daddy 's gotta find something -- CUT to : ext . mark apartment . houston , TX - moment later Mark close the door behind he before say anything . MARK my daughter be here . they could have answer the phone . Mark look in the window at he daughter , who be still mostly distract by the pizza . LAURA ( 0.s . ) I be a bad person . I just -- I want to tell the truth . I can not take it . I can not take this . I be so alone . 67 . MARK whoa . you be not a bad person . you be a incredible person . you hear I ? you be the most incredible wonderful woman I have ever meet . and you be not alone . I be here . CUT to : int . laundry room . wallace house - continuous Laura take a warm towel , hold it to she face . LAURA no , you be not . MARK ( 0.s. ) yes I be . LAURA it 's just too hard . MARK how 's you grandmother ? LAURA they say all we can do be wait . they say she 's stable . thank you for ask . ok . I be ok . ( she calm ) I be sorry . be you mad I call ? MARK ( 0.s. ) how could I be mad when all I want be to hear you voice ? LAURA I should never call you at home . I be sorry . MARK ( 0.s. ) do not be . but be careful . no one can know about we . if anyone at Johnson know -- LAURA you do not have to say it . MARK ( 0.s. ) -- we would be finish . ground . forever . LAURA we be be careful . 68 . MARK look , I be here . I be always here for you . right now I gotta go . LAURA wait there 's something else I be call about . MARK Laura , what ? what be it ? LAURA I have be think about that trip - - we trip -- and I -- I can make it work ? from he face we can see that he be not excited by this development . MARK wha -- ok . could we talk about this later ? LAURA the trip away ? to someplace beautiful . I want to do it . MARK you sure you can up and go while you grandma 's sick ? LAURA it 's a couple of day . 48 hour . i’1l make it work . beat . he sigh . MARK Laura -- I be -- here 's the thing -- I can not go . the launch be next week and there 's -- I be just gonna put my head down and get in the zone . you understand , right ? for a moment , Laura can not breathe , but she push through it - - a soldier . LAURA no . of course -- I get it . the mission come first . her phone bloops , signal a income call . she look down . 69 . angle on the phone the caller id read : hospital . LAURA ( cont 'd ) shit. I x11 , uh -- I gotta go . she switch line . LAURA ( cont 'd ) hello ? sfx : a angry beeping begin to sound , a alarm . CUT to : int . LAURA 's suv ( traveling ) . houston , TX - day Laura drive recklessly , as the alarm get louder . CUT to : int . hallway . hospital . houston , TX - day Laura run down the hall . we hear voice . doctor ( 0.s. ) ten cc 's adrenaline . prep the paddle . the alarm shriek . CUT to : int . nana 's room . hospital - day on the bed , nana be in full cardiac arrest . nurse and doctor work on she , try to save she life . angle on LAURA stand forget in the background . she do not know how to do this , to be here , to watch this fearsome woman who raise she die . we push on her face as she start recite a checklist . LAURA the three essential bus be ess1bc , ess2ca and ess3ab . everything slow down -- death come , inevitable , irreversible -- the cardiac team stop work , step away . 70 . LAURA blink back tear . LAURA ( cont 'd ) the -- three -- essential -- buss CUT to : ext . cemetery . houston , TX - day a few mourner stand by the grave site , a minister speak . Drew have he arm around LAURA , who fight tear . we push into a close up and realize Laura be murmure something . LAURA ess1 BC receive power from three redundant source . CUT to : int . live room . wallace house - night the reception after the funeral . family friend be around , lend support . Neil and Ed play . angle on LAURA sitting on the sofa with Ruth , just the two of they . Ruth be cry . Laura pat she hand , stare straight ahead . LAURA ( under she breath ) DC power from fuel cell 1 through the ess bus source fc 1 switch on panel r1 -- CUT to : int . master bedroom . wallace house - night / day Laura lay awake in bed , eye open in the dark . LAURA ( quietly ) -- when the switch be position to on and from main dc bus B and C we push in on she face , as night become day . she do not move . angle on the ceiling fan rele from she point of view . then Drew appear . he 's get a cup of coffee for she . drew hey , how have you sleep ? angle on LAURA laid low by grief , then -- she bolt up . LAURA what time be it ? drew what ? Laura jump out of bed , start dress frantically . LAURA it 's launch day . drew Laura , maybe -- you can skip this one . but Laura throw on she shirt . LAURA can you take the kid to school ? drew of course , just -- babe -- he grab she gently , try to slow she down . drew ( cont 'd ) I be worried about you . LAURA I be fine . she grab some shoe , run out , leave drew to stare after she . over this we hear : event announcer ( 0.s. ) ( over the p.a. ) it 's a beautiful day for a launch , seventy - nine degree , no wind . the shuttle endeavor have be gass up and she 's ready to go . CUT to : 2r ext . banana river viewing site . kennedy space CENTER — dawn tourist be gather near the large countdown clock at the banana River viewing Site on cape Kennedy . Laura 's park away from people . on the roof of she truck . nervous . she reach in a coolbox and crack a beer . look in she hand . one orange pill . knock it back with the beer . CUT to : int . mission control . kennedy space CENTER - same time Flight director walk the aisle of mission control , headset on , listen to the call . Pete be on command : pete t-minus 4 minute , stand by for readiness check . mission flight director ( 0.s. ) Roger that Command . CUT to : ext . viewing site . kennedy space CENTER - same time kid chase each other around . Laura watch they in the sun . she 's chew gum . amped . on edge . pete ( v.o. ) cool system : go / no go ? mission flight director ( v.o. ) go. CUT to : int . mission control . kennedy space CENTER - same time the team at work , focus . pete fuel cell : go / no go ? mission flight director go. pete life support : go / no go ? CUT to : wee int . cockpit . endeavor space shuttle - same time we see MARK and the crew , suite up , run they final checklist . MARK life support be a go . from he face we go to -- CUT to : ext . viewing site . kennedy space CENTER - same time Laura , watch the shuttle , praying for its safe launch . tension build . of all people , she 's know exactly how dangerous this be . but it 's different sit on the other side of the fence . worse . tannoy start a direct audio feed . LAURA oh shit . it 's gonna go . mission control ( v.o. ) Launch t-minus ten second . the large clock roll backward from ten second . the crowd gather start chant number backward -- CUT to : int . mission control . kennedy space CENTER - same time pete ten. nine . eight. seven. six . CUT to : ext . viewing site . kennedy space CENTER - same time Laura be live every second of this . it 's agony . LAURA five . four. Three . two . pete ( v.o. ) -- one ! solid booster ignition . the countdown clock roll to zero . the crowd cheer . Laura wince . willing a skyscraper to soar . in the distance , a bright flash of smoke and light as endeavour ' 's twin booster ignite . the lion roar of man . she hold she breath . 74 . pete ( v.o. ) liftoff . we have liftoff . endeavour arc skyward , flame reflect on the water of the banana River . every inch of ascent cost Laura everything . LAURA clear the tower . clear it . her beat heart the fuel of ascent . inch past the tower . LAURA ( cont 'd ) go. yes ! go. at this early hour , the booster be brighter than the rise sun . monstrous plume of smoke and steam , thousand of foot long billow from the launch site . LAURA ( cont 'd ) go. go ! go !!! the small crowd thinly cheer -- how could they not ? Laura -- eye fix on the orbiter -- start laugh with the joy of it all . she look around herself . maroon on she home planet . no one she can share anything with . deeply alone . over this : NASA flight control ( 0.s. ) Discovery 's three liquid fuel main engine now throttle back to sixty - seven percent of rate performance . CUT to : video footage of the discovery launch , week earlier . we see the main rocket fire , flame white against the blue sky . NASA flight control ( 0.s. ) -- reduce stress on the shuttle as it break through the sound barrier . we pull back to find we be in -- int . auditorium . johnson space CENTER - day Drew moderate a panel with Laura , hank , chithra , Cole and henckle . there be a mostly pack house of a hundred people in the audience . 75 . drew and Commander Lynch , take we back there for you -- this be you second ride on the big slingshot , right ? hank yes , I fly Columbia , March 2002 . ( beat ) look , when you be strapped to a ten ton rocket full of explosive jet fuel all you can do be hold on tight . on screen we see footage of the astronaut in the cockpit during takeoff . angle on LAURA everything -- she time in space , she nana 's death , the intensity of the affair with Mark , and now he absence literally from the Planet Earth -- be tie she brain in knot . drew ( 0.s. ) and obviously , endeavor be up there right now , circle the globe sixteen time a day . any advice for they ? Laura look out into the audience , see -- angle on MARK sitting in the audience , smile at she . hank ( 0.s. ) yeah , get it do and come home safe . close up on LAURA her heart leap . how be this possible ? do he come back just for she ? she glance at she husband . do he see ? but Drew be talk . Laura turn back . angle on the audience Mark be go , a stranger sit in he seat . it be she mind play trick . her hope . 76 . drew ( 0.s. ) and specialist wallace , what be you think at this moment ? ( beat ) Laura ? she turn . LAURA what ? angle on drew he nod encouragingly . drew how be take off for you ? LAURA I ? I be -- well -- you hope everything go well . there 's excitement . mostly I be just focus on the job . we do not get much time up there . we have gotta make every second count . henckle she 's the serious one . drew say the german . people laugh . chithra speak up . chithra I ‘'ll be honest . what I miss most be the team -- on screen we see the astronaut in zero gravity -- they be float through the International Space Station -- at play -- swallow ball of water that float and rotate . chithra ( 0.s. ) ( cont ’d ) -- the mission , move together , look out for each other . there 's a AIR bubble inside one of the water bubbles and it act as a camera , exaggerate people 's face . angle on LAURA watch the footage , remember . on screen 77 . we see the crew relaxed , goof around . the camera find LAURA , she ponytail float . we expect she to be the serious Laura we have see , but she be smile widely . the water bubble float between she and the camera . she make a face at it -- at we . angle on drew watch he wife . he love see she so happy . he look over at she on the stage . close up on LAURA she 's cry a little , see herself up there , a simpler time . what she would not give to go back . angle on drew he assume this be about she nana 's death . he feel guilty . it 's too soon . they should have reschedule . drew and , uh , Laura , you have a wedding anniversary when you be in space , do not you ? Laura wipe she face quickly . LAURA I do . drew how many year ? LAURA ( self-conscious ) Drew -— ( beat ) seventeen year . drew must be a hellofa guy . LAURA not bad . ( to the audience ) he 's my husband . they laugh . 78 . drew what do you do on you anniversary ? CUT to : ext . outer space - '' day '' we be close on the faceplate of Laura 's helmet . reflected in it we see a shower of bright white dot rain across she vision in slow motion -- her face be fill with wonder . LAURA ( 0.s. ) I work . CUT to : int . lobby . johnson space CENTER - day after the event , Laura grab she coat from the coat check . sleepless . wrecked . voice ( 0.s. ) Laura ? she turn to find chithra approach . LAURA hey , that be -- nice . chithra yeah . ( lean in ) hey , be you okay ? LAURA I be fantastic thank you . chithra if you need someone to talk to . I get you do not really like I , but we share thing neither of we will ever forget . Mark goodwin well he 's LAURA sorry . what be you talk about ? chitra look at she like -- come on . get nothing back . chithra Mark . people talk Laura . vee Laura check reflexively . drew be stand over by the window , schmooze with some vip . LAURA uh huh . about what ? chithra Fine . whatever . be very careful . that 's all I be say . LAURA of what ? what do I need to be careful of ? be I in danger here ? be you threaten I ? chithra God no . I be try to -- hey , really never mind . like for real . Jesus . she walk away . Laura be angry . shout after she . LAURA I do not know what you be talk about . I would never do anything as dumb as you be insinuate . I do not compromise myself ok ? not ever . if you know I at all . you know that . chithra flip she the bird without turn . Laura , stare back , breathe heavy , ready to hit someone -- Drew come over , a pr smile plaster on he face . drew hey , beautiful . whatdya say we get you home ? it 's be a long day . Laura allow herself to be lead towards the exit . sfx : a siren blare -- CUT to : int . shuttle simulator . johnson space CENTER - day Laura , intense yet detach , be at the helm of the simulator -- red light flash . calmly , she turn back to the crew member responsible -- LAURA ok . Erin . on you . 80 . a secondary alarm sound . Erin thumb she book too quickly , miss the section . erin shit. shit . LAURA stay frosty . get it do . erin I hear you . okay . Erin start hit button . nothing be work . LAURA or there 's nothing leave to bury . erin for God 's sake . Erin flip one last switch and -- the simulator shut down . failure . LAURA ok . failure review . what happen ? erin I be sorry I -- LAURA be not good enough . not in any situation in here . you be not prepare . you be poorly prepare , we fly we die . understand ? erin yes . LAURA failure to prepare be preparation to fail . erin I get it . LAURA no , you do not . this be not some team it 's cool to be on . we work at the edge of the possible . it never get safe . not ever . we win : mankind move forward . ( more ) 81 . LAURA ( cont 'd ) we lose : everybody die . that 's the job . show it some respect or quit . Laura unbuckle she harness and leave the simulator . LAURA ( cont 'd ) this happen again I be write a formal letter request you rtu . erin whoa , that 's a little harsh be not it ? Laura round on Erin . she 's terrifying -- LAURA right now we be sit in a hydrogen fire you fail to stop . h2 burn at 5500 fahrenheit . steel be butter in a pan at half that . I be be harsh ? be i? CUT to : ext . little league field . houston , TX - night it 's a beautiful night for baseball . Parents and neighbor gather to watch the game . LAURA sit in the stand . Drew be on he foot , cheer on he son . angle on neil at the plate . ed take a lead off second base . drew call out . drew wait for you pitch . angle on LAURA she have she phone out . she 's type . angle on the screen she 's writing a email to MARK . my dearest , I know you will not get this until you come back . angle on the field as american boy play the national pastime under the light . 82 . we hear Laura 's voice . LAURA ( v.o. ) I be there at the take off . in the cockpit with you . in you heart . leave the world behind we . angle on neil he swing at a pitch . LAURA ( v.o. ) I remember the moment I decide I have to go up there . I be nine year old . and I see this picture -- I know you have see it -- call the pale Blue dot . taken by the voyager 1 space probe from 6 billion km away . angle on drew he clap he hand . drew come on , slugger . he turn to Laura . drew ( cont 'd ) be you watch ? LAURA yeah , I just -- I gotta finish this review . she go back to she note . LAURA ( v.o. ) and the picture , all this color line against the night sky -- except one of the line have a dot in it . just a little speck . you have miss it if you do not look hard . and my teacher say -- that 's we . at the plate neil swing on a pitch , connect . the ball leap off he bat , head for the outfield . 83. LAURA ( v.o. ) us. million of people on this tiny blue ball . float in nothing . the outfielder charge the ball , but it drop . LAURA ( v.o. ) so precarious . so fragile . ed take off , run for third . LAURA ( v.o . ) and then -- to be up there . in space . more alone , more vulnerable than you have ever be in you life . the outfielder kick the ball . neil round first . LAURA ( v.o . ) but instead of be afraid -- this thing rise in you . Joy . to be part of it . to see all of it . the third base coach wave ed home . he run . LAURA ( v.o . ) I never feel anything like it my entire life . suddenly everything that use to be important be nothing at all , and thing you never even think be everything to you . it 's beautiful . to be here . all of we . every minute of we life . all we have to do -- be be . just be . live it all . as real , as hard as you can . neil run for second . angle on LAURA she hit send , she eye water . Drew be jump up and down . drew go , go ! Laura stand , as ed slide , beat the throw into home plate . safe . Drew grab she , jump up and down . drew ( cont 'd ) do you see that ? do you see it ? Laura smile , wipe she eye . 84 . LAURA I see . CUT to : int . LAURA 's suv . houston , TX - day Laura sit in she car , park in the same place where she and Mark first make love . a flash of Mark and Laura in this car , a few week earlier . they mouth together . LAURA in the present , stare at the tree rustling in the wind . the radio be on . radio announcer and in other news , the Space shuttle endeavor land safely today , just about twenty minute ago . welcome home , astronaut . this one 's for you . music rise another flash of Mark and Laura in this car , a few week earlier . make love . close up on LAURA in the present , the music play . she have not sleep in day . atlantis be 18 month away . it 's just too long to wait . she need the boost now , the rush , a sense of purpose , meaning . as we push in , she make a decision . no more half - measure . she be not that kind of person . if you do something , you do it , commit , finish strong . she put the car in gear , peel out . CUT to : 85 . int . master bedroom . wallace house - day Laura pack a suitcase , not really pay attention to what she take . CUT to : int . kitchen . wallace house - day Laura sit at the kitchen table , write a note . angle on the note dear Drew . there 's no easy way to say this . I have fall in love . she ball it up , throw it . tries again . kid , mommy need to take a little time for herself . angle on the corner of the room where this note too , crumpled into a ball , fly into frame and come to rest near the first . angle on laura suitcase in the hall , as she grab it . angle on LAURA over the crumpled note as she hurry out the front door with she suitcase . her engine be revving too high . clearly , she 's not think straight . CUT to : a giant '' welcome home ! '' banner ext . MARK goodwin 's backyard . houston , TX - day Mark 's daughter be throw a huge welcome back barbecue . kid splash in the pool , Hawaiian shirt puff cigar , potato salad and devile egg be unwrapped . man the grill be the man of the hour : Mark . completely recover from be in space just hour earlier . MARK no. uh-uh. charcoal . you need twenty - two medium -size charcoal light in a chimney starter . 22 . let that burn to eighty percent grey and spread it evenly . I be give you the key to heaven here . 86 . even Mark 's estrange wife mary seem to be welcoming the hero home . Mark reach out , playfully swatting she ass . mary do not push you luck , flyboy . MARK there any other way to play ? Mary shake she head , laugh and walk off . MARK ( cont 'd ) telling you guy , stint up there , it 's a cure - all . let the lady realize how cool you be and just how much they all miss you . who want a burger ? everyone do , especially from a american hero . as Mark hand out char flesh : LAURA ( 0.s. ) save one for I ? Mark turn to find -- Laura , all dress up and hold a pot African violet . LAURA ( cont 'd ) welcome home , space - boy . CUT to : int . garage . MARK 's house - moment later Mark poke he head into the garage to make sure the coast be clear before pull Laura in with he . as soon as the door close , Laura go for a kiss , Mark push she away . MARK what the fuck be you do here ? LAURA I leave he . MARK what ? have you be drink ? Laura hand Mark the African violet as if that explain it . LAURA it 's a barbecue . you be back , I bring you this , and I leave Drew so we can be together . 87 . Mark look at the pot flower in he hand , the full extent of this finally crash down on he . MARK Laura , what the fuck ? Laura shudder . she press she hand to she temple . MARK ( cont 'd ) this be unbe -- voice ( 0.s. ) dad ? Emily , Mark 's daughter , stand at the open door . MARK sweetheart ! hey ! daddy 's just talk here ok ? be right out -- emily momma want to bring out the cake . MARK ok . cool . Emily leave . but the door 's open , they be entirely expose . MARK ( cont 'd ) you just need to leave . now . LAURA but I -- MARK right fuck now . he hand the African violet back and storm out . CUT to : int . live room . MARK 's house - moment later Laura rush through he house , on the verge of tear . she 's desperate to get out before the water work start but the house be one of that big , suburban monster -- square footage and dining nook at every turn . but , then -- -- there 's the door . Laura rush for it , the pot African violet clutch to she chest . she 's nearly there when Erin , in a cute outfit and ponytail , spot she . 88. erin Laura ! how about this , huh ? that Mark 's something else be not he ? Laura push past she , leave a stunne Erin behind . CUT to : int . kitchen . wallace house - day Drew come home with the kid . they have be to the grocery store . drew okay , wash up , then come help I clean up . the kid go upstairs . Drew come into the kitchen , put the bag on the counter . he start to unpack they , then notice the crumpled note on the floor . he go over , pick up the first , read . close up on drew his face go pale . he snatch the second note , then the third . RUTH come in behind he , see she father . something be clearly wrong . RUTH dad ? CUT to : a orange pill as Laura pop it . she be -- ext . track . johnson space CENTER - night Laura run hard , sweat , flee she demon . it be two o'clock in the morning . a shape appear before she . she swerve . it 's a security guard . security guard ma’am . 89 . LAURA it 's okay . I work here . security guard track 's close , mar ’am . I gotta lock up . LAURA where be I suppose to go ? security guard you do not get a home ? CUT to : int . nana 's apartment . houston , TX - night Laura lug suitcase into nana 's place . it 's empty and dark . she drop she suitcase in the hallway and look around . CUT to : int . kitchen . nana 's apartment - evening Laura sit in she grandmother 's kitchen stare at the African violet on the table in front of she . utterly intent . nothing distract she concentration . not sleep . not the sunset . just single minded , terrifying focus . she 's do not even blink . CUT to : int . bedroom . nana 's apartment - night Laura lie wide awake on nana 's unturned down bed . clothed . shoe on . she look at the frame picture of she , Drew and the kid on the nightstand . smiling . in love . clock read 4.30 be . she grab a bottle of pill from the nightstand and take two . lies back stare at the ceiling . tick tock , tick tock , tick tock . the bedside clock be get inside she head . CUT to : int . hallway . nana 's apartment - continuous the alarm clock fly out of the bedroom and smashes on the wall . CUT to : 90. int . hallway . johnson space CENTER - day Laura carry the same African violet down the row of office until she reach the door mark '' goodwin '' . outside the door , she stop , listen : be that laughter from inside ? when she can take it no more , Laura open the door -- CUT to : int . mark office . johnson space CENTER - continuous Mark and Erin , a little too close . Mark look up , surprised -- MARK heyyy ! Laura ?! ok . something suspicious about Mark and Erin 's body language . MARK ( cont 'd ) Erin 's be have a little trouble with some , uh , shut down protocol . LAURA she have a lot of trouble with they the other day . MARK I say we would give she a few pointer erin you be a peach . thanks mark. ( to Laura ) bye . Erin pass Laura , they eye lock . Mark close the door behind she and turn to Laura . MARK we need to talk . LAURA I have just get so much I want to say . I forget to give you this . she hand he the African violet . he put it down . MARK what do you say to Drew ? oir LAURA nothing . I leave a note . all that matter be that you want I and I want you . I do not care -- Laura lean in to kiss but he pull away -- MARK -- see I do . I care . you of all people know that . this , right here , this matter . to I . to we . LAURA I write a note . he deserve to know . MARK what ? exactly . do he deserve ? LAURA I tell he we be in love . Mark look as if he 's be shot . MARK you say what ? oh fuck I . we be screw . you have screw I . Laura shrink away from Mark , unsure how thing end up like this . Mark look at he watch . MARK ( cont 'd ) look , I be not even suppose to still be here . I have get to be in Orlando . Flight leave first thing . when I get back , we will fix this . I have no idea how but -- fuck I . LAURA where be you go ? Orlando ? MARK work . it 's a boring trip . Laura grab Mark desperately . she never want to let he go . LAURA you have to stay . we have to talk . MARK I can not . pr junket stuff , paxton 's breathe down my neck -- no choice . 920 Laura 's heart sink . she 's hear that line before and it 's enough to make she panic inside . she bury it . MARK ( cont 'd ) why ? why mess everything up when it be go so good ? Laura can not respond . she 's overcome . search for word -- LAURA I want it to be real . Mark shake he head and go out the door leave she alone . Laura stare ahead . no tear . numb . CUT to : int . shuttle simulator . johnson space CENTER - later Laura sit alone in the quiet simulator , the only crisis now inside she head . there be a knock . she look up . paxton think I would find you out here . she look at he blankly . paxton ( cont 'd ) just get the word . it 's official : you be select for crew duty . you be go back Commander wallace . LAURA atlantis ? paxton you betcha . Laura stare straight ahead . no reaction . flat. nothing . paxton ( cont 'd ) not quite what I be expect -- Laura look at he as though from deep in a dream . LAURA I do not know what to say . paxton say thank you . I know how bad you want this . o50 LAURA thank you . paxton everything ok , Laura ? Laura deploy a broad 100 watt grin . LAURA everything a- ok , sir . CUT to : int . hallway . johnson space CENTER - day Laura walk down the hall . she see drew ahead , come towards she . drew what the hell be you do ? LAURA no , it 's okay . I get atlantis . they choose I . she try to go around he . Drew grab she elbow . drew who be he ? Laura tug she arm away . LAURA you wanna -- ( look around ) -- keep you voice down . drew my voice ? I lie to you kid last night , tell they you be work a double shift . LAURA I be . I do . that 's -- I do not know what you think -- he produce the crumpled paper from he pocket . drew dear Drew . there 's no easy way to say this . I have fall in love . LAURA no . that 's -- 94 , drew who be he ? ( beat ) Laura , you need to come home . we have to talk about this . LAURA no , I -- they choose I . I tell you . atlantis . I be go back up . so I have gotta -- drew it 's eighteen fuck month from now . you need to come home with I . right now . beat . everything be spin for she . there 's too much pressure . LAURA uts to urine transfer hose . close . drew what ? LAURA connect urine tranfer filter to faece PD . check . clip receptical assy to transfer hose . check . he stare at she . she be clearly lose she mind . drew what ? Laura walk away from he , run she checklist , try to stay ahead of the feeling . drew ( cont 'd ) Laura ! LAURA ura valve . vent. open . management drain valve . dump . flush pkg , screen and honeycomb . check. CUT to : int . shower . johnson space CENTER - later Laura stand motionless under the shower head in the Johnson gym . hot water stream over she . she stare at she hand . put it in she mouth . and bite . oor her tooth sink into she own flesh . deep . blood stream across the back of she hand . Laura stare straight ahead . she do not wince . do not cry out . just bite down as hard as she possibly can . harder . she open she jaw and she mouth and tooth be cover with blood . she look down at she hand . a deep semicircle bite mark pump blood between she finger onto the tile . she wipe it across the shower wall . stare into space . CUT to : int . locker room . johnson space CENTER - later Laura dial she phone . phone hey you have reach Mark goodman 's cell . I can not take you call right - dial again . phone ( cont 'd ) hey you have reach -- she dial again . phone ( cont 'd ) hey you have reach Mark goodman 's -- again . phone ( cont 'd ) hey you have reach -- again . phone ( cont 'd ) hey you have reach Mark goodman 's -- CUT to : int . tool room . johnson space CENTER - night Laura find a tool box . she grab a thin triangular file . she take out she office key . begins to file the edge . cut a row of jag see tooth the length of it . CUT to : 96. int . hallway . johnson space CENTER - night late . everyone go . almost everyone . Laura make she way toward Mark 's darken office . she try the handle : lock . Laura reach into she bag , pull out a drill hammer and she newly make bump key . she hit it a few time without success -- wince at the noise -- then . -- click -- -- the tumbler bump . the key turn . and the door open . CUT to : int . mark office . johnson space CENTER - continuous Laura slip in , shutting the door behind she . Mark 's office be the same as it ever be -- more man-cave than workspace . two frame picture -- Mark with he family and Mark with the endeavor crew -- Laura pick up the picture of the crew . she run she finger across it . she go through Mark 's drawer but do not find much more than a few playboys and a giant tub of cheese puff . Laura wake up Mark 's computer . Laura eat a few cheese puff as she lean in , peck at a few key . she yank open the desk drawer . Mark 's password be write on a Post - it tape to the side of the drawer . she log in . something catch she eye : a email , send from Mark . MARK ( v.o. ) hey , space girl -- Laura stop . she check the address -- erinhawley@nasa.gov . MARK ( v.o. ) you be unbelievable last night . search the inbox for message with Erin 's name . hundred . she see the African violet in Mark 's trash can . erin ( v.o. ) hey . I miss you ! I miss you body . so hot you be email from space . CUT to : int . erin 's car . houston , TX - day we flash to image of Erin and Mark undress each other . the two of they have sex in the back of Erin 's car . or MARK ( v.o. ) it 's mind blow out here . I want you to experience this . I want we to share this magic . I only wish you be right here with I . CUT to : ext . backyard . MARK goodwin 's house . houston , TX - day we flash to Mark 's barbecue . Mark be stick he hand under Erin 's shirt . she lean into he . in the distance , we see he ex wife and kid prepare the grill . MARK ( v.o. ) can not wait for we weekend away . you be gonna love Orlando . there 's this place I know . can not get a reservation . I know a guy . CUT to : ext . clear lake park . houston , TX - night Erin and Mark lay in the bed of Mark 's truck with blanket and pillow . they look up at the star . erin ( v.o. ) I will be on flight ua1946 . there 's a two hour layover in Atlanta -- gross -- get in at six in the morning . I can not wait to see you . CUT to : int . mark office . johnson space CENTER -— continuous Laura scribbles down ua1946 . and 4.30 be . she click email after email , until finally : MARK ( v.o. ) Erin I never feel this way my whole life . since be up here I feel like I have a whole planet of love I want to give you . I want to make you feel as wild and free as you make I feel every second we be together . Love you spaceboy . Laura look up from the screen . no reaction . no histrionics . nothing . flat. emotionless . numb . CUT to : 98. int . live room . nana 's apartment — evening dozen of piece of paper be arrange around the room . on the floor . on furniture . email . printed out . wrinkle from so much handle . the break African violet from Mark 's trash , it 's there too , like the sun in she solar system . LAURA pace . a combination of very animated and oddly calm . move fast . but she expression remain utterly flat . she stop she pace at the kitchen counter and unscrew a vodka bottle . pour one . drink it . pour another . LAURA DC power -- DC power from fuel cell 1 through the ess bus source fc 1 switch on panel rl when the switch be position to on and from main DC bus B and C through rpc when the ess bus source mn b/c switch on panel rl be position to on . she knock the second back and wince . LAURA ( cont 'd ) position to on . position to on . angle on the desk we see a envelope of cash . next to it be a can of mace . and something else -- the .38 special , fully load . LAURA check she heartrate with two finger and the second sweep of she watch . LAURA ( cont 'd ) position to on . she pick up the bottle of pill and shake it rhythmically . there should be enough to get she there . Laura go over to she wall , where she 's pin road map of the southeastern UNITED states . angle on the wall there be route draw on the map . first , a flight path in red Houston to Orlando , with a layover in Atlanta . '' Travel time : 756 minute . eta : 08:32 " the other route be less certain . drive route , black marker . most of they be abandon halfway , travel time cross out here and there . 99 F draw in etas and but now , finally , she might have it . Laura plot small road across six state . she do a calculation before write : '' eta : 05:30 . liftoff in t- 6 minute . " close up on LAURA Flight plan file . LAURA ( cont 'd ) position to on . int . target . houston , TX - dawn Laura push a shopping cart down the fluorescent grab item : -- a hunt knife -- -- a oversize hammer -- -- yellow dishwash glove -- -- a bumper pack of diet soda -- -- 2 bag of twinkies -- -- a length of rubber surgical tub -- -- a package of depend adult diaper CUT to : aisle , -- and , finally , from a polystyrene head in the hair product aisle -- -- a black wig . the checkout counter a bored clerk ring she up . close up on LAURA CUT to : chew she lip , antsy . she take out she pill bottle , pop two pill . 100 . clerk Paper or plastic ? LAURA what ? clerk the bag . you want paper or plastic ? LAURA plastic . no , paper . no -- wait -- what 's the tensile strength of both bag , approximately ? the clerk stare at she . LAURA ( cont 'd ) the yield . have they be stress test ? maybe double bag the paper . or -- wait -- this it -- paper inside plastic . or -- shit , shit . in 1l just -- throw it in the cart . everything . come on , get the lead out . CUT to : ext . target . houston , TX - day Laura toss she thing into the back of she suv and slam the door shut . she hurry to the driver 's side . Inside , she tear open the depend package . she struggle to strip off she pants , to pull on a pair . there 's be nothing irrational to this in she mind . she have a job to do -- drive 800 mile in the fastest time possible . at 80 mile a hour , she can do it in 10 hour . Erin 's flight land in 10 hour and 20 minute . Laura can not afford to take a bathroom break . she get the diaper on , muscle she pants back on , leave they unzip , unbuttone , start the car . CUT to : int . LAURA 's suv ( traveling ) rural louisiana - later music blast . Laura smoke cigarettes and stare to the horizon . eye wide . eat highway . nothing can stop she . nothing can get in she way , until -- -- siren flash . 101 . Laura see in she rearview : a patrol car signal pull over . CUT to : ext . highway . rural louisiana - continuous Laura at the side of the highway . the police officer , hefty and drowsy , amble over . when the officer finally reach the suv Laura have the window down offer she best smile . LAURA sorry about that officer . lose in my thought , I guess . police officer licence , registration . Laura reach for the glove compartment , open it -- -- revealing the handgun -- -- have forget it be there , Laura scramble to knock gun out of the glove box and under the passenger seat . holding she breath , she turn back to the officer , who be look down the highway . she hand he she paperwork . police officer ( cont 'd ) so . we all in some type of hurry ? LAURA Little bit . the Police Officer spit , take he time , prove a point . he 's get no where to be -- police officer navy flyer , huh ? LAURA yes , sir . the Officer look at she over he sunglass . police officer you do not sir I , Commander . petty Officer , first class , USS nimitz . Iraq . two tour . where have you serve ? LAURA low Earth orbit . police officer how 's that ? 102 . LAURA I be a astronaut . police officer for real ? what 's it like up there ? LAURA only place where anything make sense . police officer I hear that . he hand back Laura 's licence and registration . police officer ( cont 'd ) take it a little easier , Commander . this be not no spaceship . LAURA I surely will . CUT to : ext . roadside . western florida - day a suv attempt to break the sound barrier . CUT to : int . laura' suv ( traveling ) . western florida - dusk Laura drive with the intent expression of the open scene . LAURA eight hour add 74 minute , with 4 minute stop for fuel -- ok . good . the benefit of all mankind . she drive . LAURA ( cont 'd ) for the benefit . suddenly look like she might cry . get it back . no tear . LAURA ( cont 'd ) for mankind . she nod . absolutely certain . 103 . LAURA ( cont 'd ) for all mankind . for the benefit of all mankind . CUT to : ext . orlando INTERNATIONAL airport - hour before dawn it 's drizzle outside . Laura , now wrap in a giant trench coat , and wear a dark wig , enter the arrival terminal . she could not look crazier . CUT to : int . orlando INTERNATIONAL airport - continuous Laura walk through the empty airport . she pull at she trench coat , tightening it as if it be a suit of armor . nearby , a airport janitor vacuum the loudly pattern carpet . Laura walk up and tap the man on the shoulder -- -- startling he half to death . pull a earbud from he ear . LAURA baggage from the Houston flight ? airport janitor uh , I be not sure . over there maybe ? the janitor point to a crowd beside a luggage carousel . LAURA thank you , sir . Laura head for the carousel . the janitor watch she go , a eyebrow cocked at she bizarre getup . he shrug and go back to he vacuume . this be Florida after all . he 's see worse . CUT to : int . baggage carousel . orlando INTERNATIONAL airport - moment later erin wait beside the baggage carousel , yoga stretch . even after a red eye , Erin be rest and put together . -- which , can not be say for Laura as she peek out from behind a nearby column , spot Erin . Laura observe . hand shove deep into the pocket of she trench coat . Erin sense something , someone , and turn she head just as -- 104 . -- Laura step behind the pillar . it 's a close call but -- -- beep beep beep -- with a heavy lurch , the conveyor start . Erin spot she bag -- a bright red suitcase -- grab it and start for the exit . head down , Laura step from behind the column and walk after Erin , reach in a trash can and pull out a newspaper . CUT to : ext . orlando INTERNATIONAL airport - continuous Laura 's pretend to read the newspaper as she follow Erin . they make they way past a line of taxi and shuttle . CUT to : int . parking garage stair - continuous Erin climb stair . hear footstep behind she , she stop . the footstep stop , too . Erin wait for a suspicious second but there 's no sign of anyone in the garage or stairway . she continue on . CUT to : int . parking garage - garage Erin wheel she suitcase in the darken parking garage , hurry now . she look over she shoulder to see -- -- a figure follow she . forty foot back , look downward , she wig pull low to cover she face -- -- Erin speed up . glancing over she shoulder . -- the mysterious figure behind she also speed up . -- Erin be get really afraid now . tripping over herself to get up a ramp she close on she car turn a corner : -- Erin take off at a full sprint , she bag bump and roll behind she away from the crazy pursuer . -- but the crazy silhouette do not stop . it launch into headlong pursuit of its prey . as it lope , it reach in the pocket of its trench coat and remove a pair of bright yellow dish washing glove . it pull they on . 105 . erin stay away from I ! stay away !!! Erin rush to she rental car , fumble with she key -- -- which she drop -- erin ( cont 'd ) shit ! shit! shit ! -- Erin scramble to the ground , reach for she key . she grab they , unlock the car -- -- haphazardly toss she suitcase inside -- -- before diving in herself -- -- slamm the door shut and lock . Erin look out the window but there be no sign of she stalker . it 's go . vanish . Erin hurry she seat belt on . deep breath . collect herself . she put the key in the ignition and turn the engine -- -- bam bam bam - — erin ( cont 'd ) ahhhhhh !!!! -- a hand slap the window . yelling : LAURA open the door ! please . open up . Erin stop , she eye squinting in recognition -- erin Laura be that you ?-- -- at the sound of she name , LAURA start crying . it 's ugly stuff -- big tear , heaving , the work . erin ( cont 'd ) what be you do ? be you okay ? Laura 's heart be thumping in she ear . the world swim around she . her mouth bone dry . shut she eye and try to focus . LAURA open the door . I beg you . I be scared . someone be out here . 106 . her terrify eye plead . she look completely convincing . Erin 's hand go to the door lock . Laura 's hand go into the pocket of the trenchcoat -- LAURA ( cont 'd ) please -- a flash a white glove hand close on a tether , two hundred mile above the earth , as Laura fly in geosynchronous orbit . LAURA ( cont 'd ) Safety tether detach . back to : airport parking lot Laura plead . LAURA ( cont 'd ) you have to help I . please . erin what 's go on why be you here ? Laura 's hand come out of the pocket of she coat hold a she nana 's .38 special , hide behind she leg . a flash Mark stare into camera . it be the moment he first meet Laura . MARK ( smile broadly ) oh , there it be . in the parking lot Laura be distraught . concerned , Erin open she window . LAURA what be happen to I ? erin what be you do here Laura ? Laura 's fist tighten . her finger move to the trigger . a flash the delivery room . Laura lay in bed with the twins in she arm . she have just give birth . 107 . she touch they little hand . they look up at she , not cry , fill with wonder -- in the parking lot Laura 's head swim , she eye blurry . erin ( cont 'd ) be you ok ? what 's happen to you ? LAURA I want . I want . please . why can not you all just -- see ? I -- I be -- Laura start to raise the gun -- inch by inch -- erin Laura talk to I ? why be you here ? a flash nana sip from she coffee cup , alive again . nana so you be just gonna have to work harder . in the parking lot Laura focus on Erin . -- the gun 's progress slow , fight herself for every inch . LAURA I do not know . Laura open she hand . the gun drop from she finger into space . float away from she weightless in slow motion . Laura look down at it impossibly float at zero G speed away from she then back at Erin 's confuse expression . a flash RUTH stand in she homemade astronaut costume , the name tag read L. wallace . RUTH ta da . in the parking lot Erin look around , fear return . 108 . erin Laura ? this be a teensy bit crazy . Laura throw she head back and let 's out a guttural howl of anger and pain as she raise she other hand and -- -- blast erin in the face with a can of mace . in she eye a chill expression of limitless rage and glee . erin ( cont 'd ) aaaaaaargghhh !!! you bitch ! LAURA reach through the window and open the door -- -- grab erin by the hair , try to pull her from the car -- -- but the seat belt save her . she 's stuck . they struggle for a few moment with her half in and half out of the car . kicking and punching and fighting . CUT to : Laura 's scream twin son fight on she kitchen floor , wrap up in a tangle of pull hair and kick shin . back to : suddenly LAURA seem completley aware of her behaviour she release she two big handfuls of Erin 's hair . LAURA oh my god . I be sorry . Erin kick she hard away . and she slam a foot on the gas -- -- crunchhh -- -- she car lurch forward , directly into the bumper of the car park opposite -- -- Laura lie on the gravel , the mace in she glove hand , stunne at what she 's do . breathe . eye wide and wild . -- beep beep beep -- -- Erin crash more car , set off car alarm . she reach out to slam the door , shift into drive and take off -- screeeetch -- -- the side of the car scraping along the concrete wall as Erin drive like a ( blind ) bat out of hell . 109 . Laura sink to she knee . she look up at the sky . LAURA ( cont 'd ) help . help I . help I . —- flashbulb explode whiting out the frame --— CUT to : int . orlando police department - day Laura 's 2 - pound drilling hammer sit on a metal table , where a beefy man , detective LOPEZ , take evidence picture . Lopez replace the hammer with Laura 's wig . he snap a new photo . he repeat the process with a long list of item -- -- the yellow dish wash glove -- -- flash -- -- plastic garbage bag , rubber tub , rope of vary length , the mace , a knacker African violet , $ 585 in cash , a 8 - inch gerber fold hunt knife -- -- flash -- another detective enter . pick up the knife , whistling . detective LOPEZ that be so not the best part . detective hand over a large , open package of adult diaper . detective cain no way . Laura be turn to the leave , for a series of mug shot . detective LOPEZ ( 0.s. ) get no time for bathroom break . Said that 's how they do it in space . Said she 's a astronaut . detective cain if I can be spiderman -- Laura turn towards the camera , brow furrow in embarrassment . she look terrible . like a catch kid . Laura 's hair be a stringy mess , tear - smear make - up streak she cheek , even that can not cover the circle under she eye -- -- flash -- 110 . a mugshot of total confusion and shame . CUT to : int . break room . johnson space CENTER - morning Colonel paxton be busy with a coin-operate coffee machine in the NASA breakroom . he slap the machine -- paxton piece of crap . coffee drip into a styrofoam cup . a subordinate , rush in -- subordinate Chief . gonna want to see this . CUT to : int . hallway . johnson space CENTER - moment later dirk lead paxton down a NASA corridor to a open office . several NASA employee be crowded around a television . we see the orlando police chief give a press conference . the news headline read : astronaut in kidnap sex scandal reporter ( on screen ) be it true that Laura wallace be be charge for attempt murder ? police chief there will be a full briefing later today . thank you . the chief leave the lectern as camera flash and reporter jockey to get one last question in . the newscast cut from the press conference to a anchor . she breathlessly deliver : anchor stay tune for the break news on what across America be be call the astronaut Love triangle . we will bring you unbelievable detail on this amazing true story right after this break -- the program cut to some fancy graphic : NASA love triangle . paxton oh. my. god. 111 . dirk on Fox it 's '' diaper Love triangle '' . paxton look like he 's go to be sick . ring -ring . ring -ring . a phone in the adjacent office . paxton grimace . other phone start ringing throughout the building . CUT to : int . LA quinta inn . orlando , florida - afternoon erin be alone in she Orlando hotel room , blind draw . the tv be on mute , but she still watch . her picture flash onscreen . ring ring . Erin shriek at the phone . she pick it up . MARK ( 0.s. ) Erin ? erin where be you ? why be not you here ? CUT to : ext . orlando airport - continuous MARK be hunch over a payphone outside Terminal B. MARK I be board a flight home . I do not know what that maniac say to you but none of it 's true . erin she do not say anything . she be crazy . she be this totally crazy person . she seem so -- sad . MARK fuck she ! worry about I . about we . Erin stare into space . she 's smart , she know the deal . CUT to : int . arrival terminal . GEORGE BUSH airport - morning Mark step off he flight . the paparazzi be already there , thronging the gate , flash picture . 112 . reporter Mark ! Mark ! Mark ! Fox News . can you comment on the allegation against - Mark hold up he hand . deploy the million dollar smile . MARK guy guy . c’mon settle down . I can not comment on that . but I have be real happy to talk about my recent trip into orbit aboard the Space shuttle endeavour to repair the International Space Station . reporter 2 Mark how many astronaut be you sexually involved with right now ? reporter 3 do you engage in extra-marital sex in space ? the awful reality dawns on Mark as he realise he ’1ll never be remember as anything but this . the smile crack and fade . reporter 3 ( cont ’d ) Jeff simmon National Enquirer . be you the real life space cowboy ? be you the gangster of love ? peerless hero to national clown in 24hr . and he know it . CUT to : int . LAURA 's jail cell . orlando , florida - evening Laura sit in silence , stare out she window into the fade evening sky . she turn and paxton be sit in the cell . paxton how be you feel ? LAURA Fine . she do not look it . paxton I come out of respect for you and you service . do you have any idea the damage you have do ? to yourself - to the program . to everything we represent . everything you love . ale Fe Laura know . LAURA Sir -- you say some real nice thing about I over the year and - paxton Laura . I - LAURA be it true ? any of it . be I -- paxton 's eye be fill with sadness . paxton Laura . you be everything I say . Laura let out a gigantic shudder sigh of relief . LAURA thank you . paxton what happen ? Laura look out of the window up into the sky . LAURA I think -- I feel something . paxton felt what ? paxton give she a pity look . she smile through tear . shrug . paxton stand there . at a total loss . paxton ( cont 'd ) I get to go . I get fire to fight . LAURA I do not imagine we will see one another again . Goodbye sir . paxton Goodbye , Laura . paxton wave and a guard open the door to let he out . alone . Laura shut she eye tight and we -- smash CUT to : 114 . int . parking garage . houston , TX - night ( flashback ) Laura 's sit in the wreckage she fight with Erin leave behind all around she . she 's deep in a trance until , finally -- -- a distant police siren break the silence . -- Laura stand up shakily -- look around herself -- -- she hastily grab something up off the ground -- -- and run . take the stair two at_a time . Wild -ey . move as fast as she can . pull at the rubber glove , try to get they off . toss one in a trash can , drop the other and keep run . but , Laura be not go down the stair . she 's go up . she 's not try to escape , she 's try to get higher up . up to -- CUT to : ext . parking garage roof - continuous ( flashback ) it 's raining hard now . siren close in . panicked , Laura hide the gun behind the rear wheel of a truck axle . mission control ( 0.s. ) ten. CUT to : int . space shuttle discovery - day we be close in on Laura 's face . this be it . the final countdown . she 's nervous . apprehensive . we hear the crackle of a headset : mission control ( 0.s. ) nine . CUT to : ext . parking garage roof - night ( flashback ) Laura , soaking wet now , see a nearby trash can and pull she 8 - inch gerber fold knife from she boot , toss that into the can . mission control ( 0.s. ) eight . CUT to : alse int . space shuttle discovery — day as the countdown continue , Laura look around in a moment of sheer panic . what if this be a terrible mistake ? mission control ( 0.s. ) Seven . CUT to : ext . parking garage roof - night ( flashback ) another trash can , Laura remove she wig : toss it . mission control ( 0.s . ) six . CUT to : int . space shuttle discovery - day Laura grip the armrest of she seat . / mission control ( 0.s. ) five. CUT to : ext . parking garage roof - night ( flashback ) there 's no direction to where Laura 's go . she 's not make any sort of escape . she 's just zig - zag across the parking lot , toss evidence , as -- mission control ( 0.s. ) four. -- police car surround she . Laura 's like a cornere animal . around she , officer get out of they car , pull gun . Laura turn and step up to the roof wall . ignoring they cry , she climb on top . the cop approach , gun draw . mission control ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) Three . close up on LAURA the ground far below she . she 's stare into the middle distance . 116 . mission control ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) two . we push on she deep blue eye and -- reflect there -- we see what she 's stare at . angle on the planet earth . further away than it have ever be before and get smaller . a pale blue dot , insignificant in the vast infinity of space . LAURA ( v.o. ) -- to fly into the great unknown -- on the wall Laura raise she hand , but be she surrender or get ready to fly ? LAURA ( v.o. ) -- to see what it 's like . a rapid montage of flowers open petal . laura child . drew touching her hand . seed split and grow . rain splashing on water . LAURA underwater . a shoal of fish change direction . RUTH dressed as a astronaut . the picture of LAURA as a little girl next to her nana . LAURA on a beach laughing . then scream into her helmet as she exit the atmosphere . the camera pan away from the pale blue dot into the blackness of space . it find LAURA float free , no tether , no ship . alone in the universe . LAURA the terror and the joy . even faster cut . her kid . Dancing . a baby 's eye . Laura float in the water : look at the star . then sit on the floor of a jail cell . equally alone . LAURA ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) to feel it all . a flash of agony . a flash of bliss . extreme close up on her face as she stand on the wall , the rain run down she face , illuminate by red and blue flash police light . this be it , the moment of truth . mission control one . CUT to black the end 117 .