for you consideration macbeth best adapted screenplay Todd louiso , Jacob koskoff , Michael lesslie base on the play macbeth by William Shakespeare the weinstein company macbeth adapted by Jacob koskoff & Todd louiso and Michael lesslie base on the play macbeth by William Shakespeare ext . field near inverness - dusk a small boy lie motionless on a raised platform . his eye stare up at we , lifeless . he have flower in he hair and surround he shroud body , he hand fold on he chest . a meagre crowd stand in front of this pyre . to the fore be macbeth and lady macbeth . they face ashen with grief . behind they we see banquo and he son fleance . Lady macbeth walk forward with a sprig of red berry . place they reverently on she young son 's dead chest , fight back tear . after she , macbeth carefully lay oyster shell over the boy 's eye . then he scoops up a handful of black Scottish soil and pour it over he son 's chest . over he fold hand . send he to rest . ext . field near inverness - later the platform be ablaze , the smoke disappear into the vast landscape . macbeth 's arm be around Lady macbeth . they face stricken . she lay she head on he shoulder , seek solace . he watch the ember and smoke of the pyre rise into the darken sky , transfix by the sight . the camera follow the smoke as it rise and become -- ext . mountainside -- same time mist swirl around the mountain . four dark form stand watch the ceremony from afar . woman , all of different age . one be a child , as young as the dead boy . they face be scarify with unnatural mark -- the decoration of a pagan belief . they hold primitive bone charm in they hand . they speak quietly . calmly . older witch when shall we three meet again , in thunder lightning or in rain ? middle witch when the hurley burley 's do , when the battle 's lose and win . younger witch where the place ? middle witch upon the battlefield , there to meet with macbeth . older witch Fair be foul and foul be fair . hover through the fog and filthy air . and at that , the mist engulf they as we -- blackout : title : Civil war rage in Scotland the traitor macdonwald lead mercenary against King Duncan few remain loyal to the crown macbeth , Thane of glamis , lead a weary army the king have send he he last reserve the war will be decide at the battle of Ellon ext . battlefield - day that same mist float across a plain embed in the Scottish mountain . Dark cloud be gather in the sky above . out of the mist walk macbeth . he look year older now , he face roughly bearded . a leader , a powerful and ferocious warrior , he lean body case in batter threadbare armour . behind he emerge he rough army . they be soldier harden against nature by year of fight . they weapon hang heavily in they hand , they scarce armour soak in the shower rain . we recognise some from the funeral , although time have clearly pass . first among they rank be banquo , macbeth 's sturdy second in this war . his eye , like the eye of all of the man , be fix on something straight ahead across the plain . apprehensive . a group of about thirty reinforcement . they be little more than boy , 14 - 16 year old . virgin to war , they be terrify -- but also excited . macbeth and banquo look at each other with concern : this recruit be not what they be expect . the difference between the man and the boy be startling . ext . battlefield - later macbeth 's army check and re-check they weapon , the older man do it for the young boy , like father take they son through a rite of passage . they smear the boy 's face with black soil to match they own -- war-paint . two brother from the virgin soldier nervously laugh as they daub each other 's face . a monk cross himself , he face also paint for the fight . a young boy soldier ( 15 ) swallow down panic desperately . more than the other he look out of place in this battle , unproven . his hand be shaking too hard to grip he own sword and he drop it again and again , hopeless , as thick tear stream down he face . nearby , like he man , macbeth be readying himself . ritualistically he hand run over he weapon , prepare each for its quick draw : a long-sword edge with dent ; a baselard on he back ; a knife coarsen with use ; two dagger sheathed on either side of he waist . his body a machine of war . he be wear a tabard that mark he out as the leader of this force . sewn into it be the Scottish symbol of the rampant lion and , smaller , the crest of he house , glamis . tied onto the tabard be dog tag from soldier who have fall in past battle . he look down the line of he man , inspect they . they fear palpably assuage at he presence : they owe he they life . loyal . then , macbeth notice the shaking Young Boy soldier . he start down the line towards he . each soldier bow they head as he pass out of respect . all the Soldiers and young boy be wear dog tag mark with the same insignia . he come to a halt in front of the Young Boy soldier and take he in . the boy stare up in awe , he tear stop . calmly macbeth rip a piece of fabric from he uniform and pick up the fall sword . carefully he bind it to the Young Boy soldier 's hand , fast . they eye meet : it 's time . at this , a dim noise become noticeable on the edge of hearing . a rumble . it be get louder . one of the Young Soldiers try to control he breath , each one catch in he throat . another of he young comrade vomit in fear . another chew he lip ferociously until it bleed . the two brother stand wide - eye with terror . they face each other , cajole each other on . a beard soldier mutter a prayer over and over again , senseless now , stumbling over the word and re-start . another repeatedly squeeze the hilt of he crude sword . another swing he weapon through the air , rehearse the come stroke . another pound he chest with he fist . another check over he armour obsessively , its inadequacy horribly clear . the monk breathes out evenly , a cross to he lip , he face steady by the effort of control . and , take he place at they fore -- macbeth cut he own hand . he pick up some of the Scottish earth . rub it into the wound . he then look to banquo and smile . take he friend 's head in he hand and kiss it hardily . banquo nod to he . ready . and , finally , macbeth turn with the man to face : a thick , vast bank of white mist across the plain . impenetrable , its tendril reach out ravenously around they leg . red ember glow faintly from its depth like demonic eye . the rumble be now shaking the ground . from behind : we see they line silhouett against this wall of mist . Men and boy face down Hell itself . then , slowly , macbeth start forward at a walk . we track in behind he in as the soldier hold the line . the rumble grow deafening . the red ember glow ever more fiercely . macbeth raise the sword aloft and begin to jog forward now . we track with he as he break to a run , a sprint , wild as -- shadow start to appear from within the bank of mist . unnatural form , terrifying . the swirl around macbeth thicken . the rumble quake hard and he suddenly loose a guttural war - cry which echoe across the field . banquo and the other man joining he , the sound fierce , like crash wave -- all of the man one with macbeth , a army join by the sound as -- -- macdonwald 's army of mercenary Norwegians thunder out of the mist towards they , a terrible power , at least they equal . and suddenly the two force slam into one another : macbeth charge in , he broadsword raise , ducking low to shoulder a norwegian out of he path . almost in the same movement he leap forward and slice at a oncoming norwegian who wield a weapon make of bone and a axe . but macbeth slashes across he chest and punch he into the ground . recovering quickly , macbeth turn and bring down a norwegian archer who be draw back a arrow . Hit the bow out of he hand and follow up with a fatal thrust to he chest . macbeth take down two more Norwegians : a flurry of fatal stab and slashes . elsewhere : one of the Brothers see earlier be on the ground , he gut already cut . the other brother stand over he in bewilderment . banquo slice he blade across the throat of a norwegian soldier and turn to aid macbeth . a Scottish soldier ( seyton ) have he arm hack off by a norwegian . another take a punch to the face as ... at the front : macbeth kill a norwegian and look round -- to see the Young Boy soldier on the ground fifteen foot away , a norwegian raise he weapon over he for a kill strike . macbeth hurtle towards the fall boy , breath pound , and - - smashes down the norwegian just in time . he haul the Young Boy soldier to he foot and turn away . as he do so , however , he catch a glimpse of something across the field -- and stop dead . four form be watch from the edge of the battle . utterly motionless . as if watch he and he alone . the chaos around macbeth seem to slow , stilling for a moment . macbeth stand entrance , something about this witch hypnotise he . as around he -- a soldier be stick in a loop , stabbing a norwegian 's dead body again and again . the monk die on the ground , he cross fall from he hand . the young boy soldier be grab from behind . silently , a enemy soldier draw a rough blade across the boy 's neck . the boy yell out mutely . and , suddenly -- a norwegian slam into macbeth from the side , kick the action back into breakneck speed . macbeth spin , counter with he broadsword , then pull he half - sword from he back and kill the attacker . glance round again to where the Witches stand ... but the Witches have vanished . replaced now in the reddene haze by a scottish lord direct the invader against he own kind . he wear a tabard like macbeth 's , but the crest of the lion be almost obscure with norwegian charm and he be flanke by norwegian guard . the traitor macdonwald -- the enemy leader in this battle . it 's as if the Witches be draw macbeth towards he . another norwegian lunge at macbeth with a spear . but macbeth slashes he down and leap over he body to kick a norwegian off a fall comrade . he surge forward towards he target , pick up banquo at he side . back on mission now : if he can get to macdonwald , the battle will be over and this carnage will stop . he leap forward and ... swing into the path of a huge norwegian berserker , who strike he back hard with a flame torch . reeling , macbeth recover , plunge he sword into the man 's chest . but another cannon into he side , knock he to the ground . macbeth kick out wildly , bring the norwegian attacker down . roll to he knee , whip two dagger from he belt . and in one fluid movement the norwegian be dead . spring back to he foot , macbeth force he blade into another norwegian 's back . then look back ahead across the battlefield -- 7 . he 's closer to macdonwald now . only the traitor 's personal guard leave between they . macbeth race on , gain ground . slice through one of macdownwald 's Guards then bury he knife in the chest of the next . carry forward by he own momentum , he stumble . Hit the ground , where he hand find the axe of a norwegian he just kill . he swing it upwards , bring down another enemy just close in . and as he move , fluid , brutally balletic -- lennox ( pre - lap ) doubtful it stand ... int . king duncan 's tent - day lennox , a gnarled and battle - wear old soldier , kneel before we . his face cover in blood and war-paint . report the battle as though narrate straight to the audience : lennox as two spend swimmer that do cling together and choke they art . the merciless macdonwald from the western isle of kern and gallowglass be supply and fortune , on he damnéd quarrel smile , show like a rebel 's whore . king duncan listen , rapt . his clothes clean , he crown immaculate , he sword decorative at he waist . but quickly we slam back into the -- int . battlefield - day macbeth take out another knife from he leg strap and plunge it into the leg of a oncoming norwegian Guard , now on he knee . he grab a rock from the ground and smashes the leg of another , bring he down as he launch up again and on . close in on macdonwald for the final confrontation . lennox ( v.o . ) but all 's too weak , for brave macbeth -- well he deserve that name —- disdain fortune , with he brandish steel , which smoke with bloody execution , like valor 's minion carve out he passage till he face the slave . macbeth charge through the final Guards -- dispatch one , then another , and another , banquo always at he side -- until eventually he come face to face with macdonwald himself . macdonwald be terrify . defenceless now . he raise he sword , tremble as macbeth advance on he . then , gently almost , macbeth take macdonwald 's sword by the blade . lower it . a strange intimacy to the moment . macdonwald 's face slacken at the inevitability of what 's before he . macbeth turn , take in the carnage behind . his fall brother . the slaughter Norwegians . then he meet banquo 's eye . and , in one swift motion , he spin , swinging with he broadsword -- to decapitate macdonwald in one seemless slice . lennox ( v.o. ) which not 'er shook hand , nor bid farewell to he , till he unseam he from the nave to th' chop , and fix he head upon we battlement . macdonwald 's body drop . a beat of silence , all of the Soldiers on the battlefield watch . then , as one -- macbeth 's man bellow for they leader in victory . soldier ( roaring ) hail macbeth ! hail macbeth ! int . king duncan 's tent - day lennox finish he report as Duncan beam , triumphant . lennox and to conclude , victory fall on we . duncan o valiant macbeth ! Worthy gentleman ! great happiness . Duncan kiss lennox 's head . at this , a younger man enter . hood , he face innocent but yearn for the test of battle . this be malcolm , Duncan 's son . Duncan leave lennox , kiss he son 's cheek . duncan ( cont 'd ) whence camest thou , noble Prince ? malcolm from fife , great king ; where the norwegian banner flout the sky and fan we people cold . assisted by that most disloyal traitor the thane of cawdor , malcolm step aside to reveal : the thane of cawdor . a traitor , cow , guard by two clean - cut soldier rosse and angus . Duncan step towards he captive . cawdor lower he eye . cawdor God save the King . duncan ( to angus ) no more that Thane of cawdor shall deceive we bosom interest : go pronounce he present death . and with he former title greet macbeth . Duncan lift the gild and decorative tabard from cawdor 's neck and give it to angus . angus bow : angus I will see it do . Duncan turn back to cawdor . disdainful . duncan what he hath lose , noble macbeth hath win . ext . field near king 's campsite - morning a cavernous valley . cawdor 's lone figure stand some fifty foot apart from Duncan and the rest of the royal retinue . his arm by he side . strong , accept . across the field , Duncan and malcolm raise long - bow . and -- they let two arrow fly . the shaft soar through the air towards the traitor , who brace himself as ... CUT to : ext . battlefield - day ( dusk ) twilight . eerily quiet . the battlefield smoulder with the carcass and waste of the conflict . 10. the Young Boy soldier 's body lie dead in the mud . his face drain of colour , but he eye stare up as though still alive . macbeth stand over he . alone . a flicker of grief flit over he battle - wear face . the boy a eerie echo of he own son . banquo and other Soldiers look on around he . then ... ext . battlefield - later macbeth and banquo haul the Young Boy soldier 's body onto a pile of they fall comrade . collect the roughly mark dog tag and sword from the body of the dead . they turn to collect up more corpse , readying they friend for burial . a few other lone figure wander the landscape , also collect possession from the slain soldier or tend wound of that still alive . exhausted , macbeth and banquo heave another body down and study the dead for a moment . macbeth so foul and fair a day I have not see . banquo nod silent assent . they turn back -- and see a wild dog scavenge on body across the plain . macbeth pick up a rock and whip it at it . the dog scatter . then , he stop . in the distance behind the dog be a young girl . near she , three more women kneel over a fall soldier . they dress adorn with string of crude bell , which peal faintly as they move . the witch . they hunker down over the soldier 's body , which have be stripped naked . the older witch make a incision at the wrist with rusty knife , then begin to let the blood into a leather pouch . macbeth take note of the woman with a bewilder look . macbeth ( cont 'd ) what be this ? banquo grab for he sword , but macbeth halt he . they take a few step toward the woman , who take no notice . 11 . macbeth ( cont 'd ) live you ? or be you aught that man may question ? at that , the child witch approach . drawing close , she start play with he dog tag , as though unaware of he bewilderment . the other then stand and follow after she . macbeth push out a few more word : macbeth ( cont 'd ) speak , if you can : what be you ? the Middle witch look steadily at he . middle witch macbeth . hail to thee , Thane of glamis . older witch macbeth . hail to thee , Thane of cawdor . middle witch all hail , macbeth . that shalt be King hereafter . macbeth stare . dismay that this woman have call he by name . banquo , unnerve , look to he : banquo good sir , why do you start and seem to fear thing that do sound so fair ? macbeth do not answer . banquo turn to the woman : banquo ( cont 'd ) my noble partner you greet with present grace , and great prediction of noble have , and of royal hope , that he seem rapt withal : to I you speak not . if you can look into the seed of time , and say which grain will grow , and which will not , speak then to I , who neither beg , nor fear , you favour nor you hate . the Witches look to each other , irritate . then to banquo once more : middle witch hail , lesser than macbeth , and great . older witch not so happy , yet much happier . 12. middle witch thou shalt get king , though thou be none . banquo stare at they , mesmerize . the older witch smile softly . she lay a hand on macbeth 's forehead . at she touch , macbeth 's eye lilt close . and ... older witch so all hail macbeth and banquo . CUT to : int . dunsinane castle / nave - day a grand ceremonial hall . a crown be laid on macbeth 's head before a huge crowd . a Priest bless he forehead and -- back to : ext . battlefield - dusk the older witch remove she hand . macbeth 's eye flutter still , as if lull to sleep . older witch banquo and macbeth , all hail . with this , the older witch turn away . the other follow and they all begin to disappear into the mist . macbeth blink , waking from he reverie . he start after they . macbeth stay , you imperfect speaker , tell I more . but the woman ignore he plea and continue on , become lose in the fog . macbeth hurry in pursuit , follow the sound of they retreate bell . macbeth ( cont 'd ) by Father 's death I know I be Thane of glamis ; but how of cawdor ? the Thane of cawdor life , a prosperous gentleman ; and to be King stands not within the prospect of belief . no more than to be cawdor . say from whence you owe this strange intelligence , or why upon this blast heath you stop we way with such prophetic greeting . his voice be smother by the dead air : there be no response . the bell have fade . 13 . macbeth ( cont 'd ) speak , I charge you . but they be go . all be silent . banquo materialise out of the mist beside he . banquo the earth hath bubbles , as the water have , and this be of they -- whither be they vanish have ? macbeth into the air ; and what seem have corporal , melted as breath into the wind . would they have stay have ! they be silent , repeat in they head what the weird woman have tell they . banquo look to he friend . banquo be such thing here as we do speak about , or have we eat on the insane root , that take the reason prisoner ? a smile rise to macbeth 's lip . consider the madness this woman speak . macbeth you child shall be king . banquo you shall be King . pause . for a moment macbeth appear to believe it . then he grin again . macbeth and Thane of cawdor too ; go it not so ? banquo to th’selfsame tune , and word . they share a chuckle . but they unease at the strange forecast be palpable . CUT to : ext . battlefield campsite - day small fire burn , miniscule against the loom mountain . seyton , whose arm be severe during the battle , be be treat . macbeth and banquo be hold he down . he scream as the wound be cauterise with hot coal . 14 . from across the cluttere campground , two cleanly dress young man approach on horseback : rosse and angus , from the King 's tent . they stand out , they armour show no sign of combat . they can not hide they shock at the state of the soldier . banquo notice they arrival . murmuring privately : banquo the King hath happily receiv have , macbeth , the news of thy success . macbeth look up and see the two thanes for the first time . they do not get down off they horse . rosse as thick as hail , come post with post ; and every one do bear thy praise in he kingdom 's great defence , and pour ' have they down before he . angus and we be send to give thee from we royal master thanks . rosse and , for a earnest of a great honour , he bid I , from he , call thee Thane of cawdor . macbeth stop at the word . he look to banquo for a second . drop he voice , so as not to alert the surround soldier to they conversation : macbeth ( cont 'd ) the Thane of cawdor life : why do you dress I in borrow have robe ? angus treasons capital , confess have and prov have , have overthrown he . macbeth can not respond . rosse take out a ornate BOX and open it , present macbeth with cawdor 's stained tabard . macbeth look between rosse and angus , who smile back at he expectantly . finally : macbeth thanks for you pain . macbeth cast a final glance to banquo . then ... 15 . ext . battlefield campsite - night the Soldiers sleep in dug-out right beside the fresh grave -— - mound mark by pile of stone . in the dim light it 's hard to discern the live from the dead . macbeth and banquo huddle in the cold night air by a fire . talk quietly . macbeth do you not hope you child shall be king , when that that give the Thane of cawdor to I promis have no less to they ? banquo that trust home might yet enkindle you unto the crown , besides the Thane of cawdor . macbeth do not reply . banquo smile grimly . banquo ( cont 'd ) but not be strange : and oftentime , to win we to we harm , the instrument of darkness tell we truth ; win we with honest trifle , to betray 's in deep consequence . macbeth be not listen : he head be now consume with the weird woman 's prophecy . ext . battlefield campsite - dusk late . everyone be asleep . but macbeth can not rest . he walk past the sleep body of he man towards a large pit , which be fill with the body of he fall soldier . on top of they all be the Young Boy soldier . his neck be tear open , he eye sightless . macbeth kneel down by the Boy 's side , fix by the sight . he remove the Young Boy soldier 's Dog tag and attaches they to he belt , where it join the dog tag of the other fall man . then gently place rock over the boy 's eye . just as he do for he son . macbeth this supernatural solicit can not be ill ; can not be good : -- if ill , why hath it give I earnest of success , commence in a truth ? I be Thane of cawdor . if good , why do I yield to that suggestion whose horrid image doth unfix my hair , ( more ) 16 . macbeth ( cont 'd ) and make my seat heart knock at my rib , against the use of nature ? present fear be less than horrible imaginings . macbeth look around : everywhere , he exhaust man be sleep . macbeth ( cont 'd ) if chance will have I King , why , chance may crown I , without my stir . macbeth take out a bloody dagger and place it on the boy 's chest , fold he hand over it in a ceremonial pose . then , he climb out of the pit . light a torch from a nearby fire and throw it into onto the body . flame begin to engulf the corpse in front of he . CUT to : ext . mountain pass - day ( dawn ) the sun crack the horizon . macbeth lead he exhaust man on foot through a endless , wind - sweep pass in the mountain . the horse be laden with equipment heavy equipment . one be whinnying helplessly , stick in the clay- like mud . Soldiers try to tug it free with rope . macbeth turn to help . ext . valley - day macbeth 's man trek down into a cavernous valley . they be ant - like in the spectral Scottish landscape . ext . field - morning Duncan , malcolm and the rest of they royal retinue wait , fresh from they night 's sleep . macbeth be march he hungry , exhaust soldier past they . the difference between the two group not lose on anyone present . macbeth break from he man 's rank and approach the King with a cloth - wrap parcel . his eye track over Duncan 's weapon , note they pristine splendour . suddenly malcolm step forward , barely able contain he admiration of this hardy general : 17 . malcolm hail macbeth . but macbeth scarcely acknowledge he . Duncan smile tightly , register malcolm 's love of the war hero . the optic of the moment be strike : the dirty , injure soldier and the well - sleep King in fresh clothes . duncan o worthiest cousin . more be thy due than more than all can pay . macbeth the service and the loyalty I owe , in do it , pay itself . macbeth hold Duncan 's gaze for a moment before lowering he eye . Duncan nod . duncan from hence to inverness , and bind we further to you . macbeth be take aback by the command . macbeth I will be myself the harbinger , and make joyful the hearing of my wife with you approach ; so , humbly take my leave . duncan my worthy cawdor . Duncan take macbeth 's face in he hand . affectionate , but proprietorial . macbeth glance uncomfortably towards macduff , a fellow general in the king 's retinue . two warrior who have not see each other for some time . no love lose between they . at that Duncan remove he hand . and macbeth turn to leave -- toss the cloth - wrap parcel to the pristine rosse . rosse look up queasily : macdonwald 's head , cloak in he tabard . macbeth push away with banquo through the throng of lord and Soldiers , eager to reach he horse again . CUT to : ext . inverness - day wide mountain . deep within they , we find a run - down village at the foot of a valley : inverness . 18 . populate by the family of man who have fight in the war , the village feel deplete , forsaken . row of sturdy dwelling cluster , a chapel build largely from wood , a central pavilion dominate . but the heart be miss . a generation of this place lose to war . on the village outskirt , cross mark the grave of the decease . women till a field by hand , push a heavy plough through the black earth . they husband lose to war , this be they work now . throughout the village we see red rowan berry attach to door and woven into the villager 's hair . rudimentary wind - chime hang from every structure . int . inverness / chapel - day Light shine in through a cruciform hole in the wall of this bare , makeshift church . on the floor , before a sparse altar , sit lady macbeth . the year since we last see she have be hard . but she be strong . self -preserve . this be clearly a sanctuary for she . in front of she lie the presentation box contain cawdor 's tabard . she lift it from the box , revealing a letter from macbeth underneath . as she run she finger across the fabric she begin to read ... lady macbeth ' they meet I in the day of success ; and I have learn have by the perfect ust report they have more in they than mortal knowledge . when I burn in desire to question they further , they make themselves air , into which they vanish '' . while I stand rapt in the wonder of it , come missive from the King , who all - hail have I , '' Thane of cawdor '' ; by which title , before , this weird sister salute I , and referr have I to the come on of time , with , ' hail , King that shalt be ! 's she look up to a large cross above the altar . determination burn in she eye . she speak quietly , entreate : lady macbeth ( cont ’d ) come , you spirit , that tend on mortal thought , unsex I here , and fill I , from the crown to the toe , top - full of direst cruelty . come to my woman 's breast , and take my milk for gall , you murth_r minister , wherever in you sightless substance you wait on nature 's mischief . come , thick night , ( more ) 19 . lady macbeth ( cont ’d ) and pall thee in the dunnest smoke of Hell , that my keen knife see not the wound it make , nor Heaven peep through the blanket of the dark , to cry , ' hold , hold ! 's she look from the cross to a tableau engrave into the wall . fearsome devil clutching human baby , steal they away . lady macbeth ( cont ’d ) ( to herself , to macbeth ) hie thee hither , that I may pour my spirit in thine ear , and chastise with the valour of my tongue all that impede thee from the golden round . ext . inverness / field - day macbeth lead he survive soldier through the field , approach inverness at long last . the woman tend the field become alert when they see he : none have yet receive news of they husband or son . they child squeal with excitement and quickly chase after he back to the village . ext . inverness / village square - continuous macbeth and banquo draw to a halt , they remain army and laden horse behind they . as they dismount , banquo 's young son fleance run towards they . banquo smile . he reach down and grab fleance up , clutching he son in a embrace . nearby , macbeth just take he weapon from he horse . alone . the woman of the village watch he in nervous anticipation . macbeth open the bag with he dead soldier 's sword and dog tag . then see one woman in particular and stop . she be 40 , angular , pockmark , and extremely fearful . macbeth search in the bag until he find the sword he 's look for : it 's the Young Boy soldier 's sword , the fabric still wrap round it . he slide off the fabric to keep for himself , then remove the sword and bring it to the woman . she close she eye and sag forward in abject despair . 20 . int . inverness / macbeth 's dwelling - continuous Lady macbeth wait in the middle of the meagre bedchamber , watch the door . sleepless with nerve . in she hand be a ceremonial drink set , prepare for she return husband . footstep sound from the walkway outside and she tense . then ... the bedroom door push open . macbeth , still in he armour . they eye meet for a moment , neither sure how to close the ground between they . month of absence to recover in a second . macbeth turn away , start to pull off he rough armour . exhausted . bruise . she tentatively step closer to help he : lady macbeth ( nervous ) thy letter have transport I beyond this ignorant present , and I feel now the future in the instant . macbeth turn , meet she eye , uneasy at she insinuation . neither of they move . the word hang between they . macbeth my dearest love , Duncan come here to-night . lady macbeth and when go hence ? macbeth to-morrow , as he purpose . quietly , Lady macbeth shake she head : lady macbeth o never shall sun that morrow see . macbeth stare . struck silent by the think speak out loud . Lady macbeth tentatively put a hand on he shoulder -- but he flinch away with the pain . undeterred , she ease off he remain armour , try to find intimacy . he start to sag with exhaustion , edging towards rest for the first time in month . but instinctively he resist it . 21 . lady macbeth ( cont ’d ) glamis thou art , and cawdor , and shalt be what thou art promis have ... macbeth gently shake she away , uncomfortable . he peel off a bandage . Lady macbeth stare at the wound beneath . deep . then take away he weaponry and hang it on the wall , disarming he . he stand alone for a second , watch she . until she turn , take he head in she hand and , gingerly , kiss he on the lip . macbeth close he eye . a small , unconscious smile creep over he face . a old closeness . Home . she take he hand , try to keep the tenderness , and draw he to sit on the bed . softly she dip a cloth into a bowl of spice water by the side and stroke at he wound . he inhale sharply in pain . she continue to tend to he . lady macbeth ( cont ’d ) yet I do fear thy nature : it be too full o’th ’milk of human kindness , to catch the nearest way . thou wouldst be great ; Art not without ambition , but without the illness should attend it : what thou wouldst highly , that wouldst thou holily ; wouldst not play false , and yet wouldst wrongly win . she gently roll he onto he side , revealing another wound on he back . lady macbeth ( cont ’d ) to beguile the time , look like the time ; bear welcome in you eye , you hand , you tongue : look like th’innocent flower , but be the serpent under 't . he look round at she . lady macbeth ( cont ’d ) he that 's come must be provide for . you shall put this night 's great business into my dispatch . leave all the rest to I . which shall to all we night and day to come give solely sovereign sway and masterdom . macbeth we will speak further . 22 . Lady macbeth kiss he again , warmly , more firmly now . the strange intimacy crackle . then she break away and lay he down , stroking he head and ease he to sleep . as she do , however , she notice something : his hand be trembling inadvertently . like the Young Boy soldier 's before the battle . he do not seem aware of it . softly she take it and press it with she hand , caress it until the tremble cease . CUT to : ext . inverness / village square - day ( dusk ) close on : duncan' smiling face . Duncan and he entourage of malcolm , angus , rosse , menteith and other stare around at the rustic hardship of inverness . they horse fill the whole village square . before they , lady macbeth and the rest of the villager be bowing , all in they finest adornment . each of the woman 's hair have be ceremonially plait . Lady macbeth rise and approach the King . she remove the hood of she cloak , smile gracefully : lady macbeth all we service , in every point twice do , and then do double . Duncan cup she face in he hand . duncan give I you hand , conduct I to mine host . we love he highly and shall continue we grace towards he . by you leave , hostess . he kiss she hand , then process away lead by he servant . ext . inverness / macbeth 's dwelling - day macbeth sit half - naked on he bed . sleepless . lose in he troubled thought . his hand be still trembling slightly , though he do not notice it . outside , sound of preparation filter in . a feast be readied for the king. 23 . ext . inverness / chapel - day Lady macbeth pray at the altar . she finish , then start to soak a cloth in a dark liquid -- prepare a mixture of some kind . she grind herb into it with a pestle and mortar as the sound of child singing bleed in and ... int . inverness / pavilion - night a SMALL choir of boy and girl sing failte dhunnchaidh before King Duncan , a tribute to they royal guest . Lady macbeth stand amongst they , lead the song . maternal in she pride . this main tent have be transformed into a feast hall , open at the side . bench and table line the space , Duncan and he retinue seat at the head . the whole room be decorate with berry and flower , every effort make to turn the bare tent into a space fit for the King . the whole village have crowded in . macbeth . banquo . fleance . all watch in exhaust solemnity . as the child finish they song , Duncan applaud indulgently , smile beneficence . the other follow he lead . int . inverness / pavilion - later later . the party be slide into debauchery , the King 's soldier smear with fat from roast meat , singing and yelling . Children have fall asleep under table or in they parent 's arm . through it all , malcolm just stare at macbeth . entrance . he can not take he eye from he . abruptly , however , Duncan notice this and haul himself up , calling out loudly : duncan up , up ! they all obey , hush instantly . Duncan look out at all the face . teary now . drunk . duncan ( cont 'd ) my plenteous joy , wanton in fulness , seek to hide themselves in drop of sorrow . 24 . he put he hand on he son 's shoulder . duncan ( cont 'd ) son , kinsmen , thanes -- his gaze light on macbeth in particular : duncan ( cont 'd ) and you whose place be the nearest -- know , we will establish we estate upon we eldest , malcolm ; whom we name hereafter the Prince of cumberland . Duncan set a chair on a table and push malcolm up towards it . awkwardly , malcolm climb up -- glance at macbeth as he do . then , Duncan dip he finger into a cup of wine and flick it on malcolm 's face , anoint he . from the crowd , macbeth watch . a single shadow of anger pass over he face . no-one notice -- except perhaps for banquo . macbeth ( pre - lap ) the prince of cumberland . that be a step on which I must fall down , or else o'erleap . for in my way it lie . ext . inverness / village square - night macbeth stand across the square in the dark , look in at the bright interior of the tent from outside the chapel . Inside the feast tent , Duncan be lay ornamental wreathes on the head of some of the child who sung to he . they stare up with awestruck admiration . he be they god . unassailable . macbeth 's eye draw to he wife , who be kneel amongst the child . she smile , full of happiness in they innocent company . macbeth if it be do , when ‘tis do , then ' twere well it be do quickly . if th’assassination could trammel up the consequence , and catch with he surcease success ... that but this blow might be the be-all and the end - all here -- but here , upon this bank and shoal of time , we would jump the life to come . 25 . he turn away , he mind tear with indecision : macbeth ( cont 'd ) but in this case , we still have judgement here ; that we but teach bloody instruction , which , be teach , return to plague th’inventor : this even-handed justice commend th’ingredience of we poison have chalice to we own lip . macbeth hit he head softly into the chapel wall . go over the argument again and again . macbeth ( cont 'd ) he 's here in double trust : first , as I be he kinsman and he subject , strong both against the deed ; then as he host , who should against he murderer shut the door , not bear the knife myself . besides , this Duncan hath borne he faculty so meek , hath be so clear in he great office , that he virtue would plead like angel , trumpet - tongu have , against the deep damnation of he take - off . he draw in a breath , he mind settle at this . macbeth ( cont 'd ) I have no spur to prick the side of my intent , but only vault ambition , which oxerleap itself and fall on th’other . he turn away . and as he do ... int . inverness / pavilion - night malcolm 's eye rove by Duncan 's side in the feast . search . macbeth 's chair be empty . Lady macbeth enter with more food . she lay it down in front of duncan' two guard , fill they glass with more wine . as they clumsily toast she , drunk , she glance across to macbeth 's place -- and falter for a second , the absence awkward . quickly she hurry away . malcolm watch she . but Duncan fail to notice . 26 . ext . inverness / village square - night Lady macbeth scan the village in the darkness . it seem desert , everyone in the pavilion . then , she see it : a flame burn dimly in the chapel . int . inverness / chapel - night . shadows flicker from a lone torch . macbeth hunch forward in a rough wooden pew . voice ( 0.s. ) why have you leave the chamber ? he turn . Lady macbeth be stare at he from the doorway . macbeth hath he ask have for I ? lady macbeth know you not , he have ? she move to the altar . determined . from underneath it , she draw the pestle , mortar and herb we see earlier from they hide place and pour the mixture into a SMALL vial . macbeth rise to he foot . he step up behind she and take she in he arm . quietly : macbeth we will proceed no further in this business . she stop . macbeth press on : macbeth ( cont 'd ) he hath honour have I of late ; and I have buy Golden opinion from all sort of people , which would be wear now in they newest gloss , not cast aside so soon . lady macbeth be the hope drunk , wherein you dress would yourself ? hath it sleep since ? and wake it now , to look so green and pale at what it do so freely ? she turn to face he : lady macbeth ( cont ’d ) from this time such I account thy love . Art thou afeard to be the same in thine own act and valour , as thou art in desire ? would ust thou have that ( more ) 27 . lady macbeth ( cont ’d ) which thou esteem ust the ornament of life , and live a coward in thy own esteem , letting ' I dare not 's wait upon ' I would 's ? macbeth pr’ythee , peace . I dare do all that may become a man ; who dare do more , be none . lady macbeth what beast was’t then , that make you break this enterprise to I ? when you durst do it , then you be a man ; and , to be more than what you be , you would be so much more the man . nor time , nor place , do then adhere , and yet you would make both : they have make themselves , and that they fitness now do unmake you . she take he face in she hand , beseech . lady macbeth ( cont ’d ) ( quietly ) I have give suck , and know how tender ‘tis to love the babe that milk I . I would , while it be smile in my face , have pluck have my nipple from he boneless gum , and dash have the brain out , have I so swear as you have do to this . macbeth if we should fail ? lady macbeth we fail . but screw you courage to the stick - place , and we will not fail . she kiss he , almost nervous . macbeth kiss she back , more forcefully . reaching down , she then slowly start to work he out of he clothes . taken by she action , he push she back against the altar and kiss she harder . they passion grow in intensity . they begin to make love . intimate . desperate , but caring . lady macbeth ( cont ’d ) ( breathless , almost inaudible ) when Duncan be asleep , he two chamberlain will I with wine and wassail so convince that memory , the warder of the brain , ( more ) 28 . lady macbeth ( cont ’d ) shall be a fume , and the receipt of reason a limbeck only : when in swinish sleep they drenchéd nature lie as in a death , what can not you and I perform upon the unguard Duncan ? what not put upon his spongy officer , who shall bear the guilt of we great quell ? macbeth gasp and hang he head , finally spend . they stay there a moment , still . until , softly , she ease he out of she . kiss he lip . and he look up into she eye . macbeth ( cont 'd ) I be settle , and bend up each corporal agent to this terrible feat . away , and mock the time with fairest show . false face must hide what the false heart doth know . ext . inverness / village square - night the noise from the banquet continue in the distance . outside the tent , fleance be wrestle with another young boy in the mud . the fight playful but deadly serious to the two child . fleance 's nose be bleed and the Village Boy 's lip split . around they be a small crowd of other local youth , all cheer . banquo be watch from they midst . fleance duck a blow and grapples the Village Boy into a stranglehold . the crowd jeer as fleance heave he to the ground , goad on . eventually the Village Boy hold up he hand in submission . banquo grin with pride and step in to help he son up . the crowd filter away into the night , the entertainment do . banquo hold , take my sword . banquo hand he heavy iron sword to he son . fleance take it in amazement , feel its weight . banquo smile . then wrap he tabard over fleance 's shoulder . something seem to trouble he , now . banquo ( cont 'd ) take thee that too . a heavy summon lie like lead upon I , and yet I would not sleep . merciful power ! restrain in I the curse thought that nature give way to in repose . 29 . at that -- banquo hear someone approach from behind . he turn : banquo ( cont 'd ) who 's there ? voice ( 0.s. ) ( from the darkness ) a friend . they tense . then -- macbeth materialise , a strain smile on he face . banquo exhales , relieved . banquo what , Sir , not yet at rest ? the King hath be in unusual pleasure , and send forth great largess to you office . macbeth be unprepar have , we will become the servant to defect , which else should free have wringht . banquo all 's well . banquo take macbeth by the side of he neck and pat he reassuringly . fleance just stare up at macbeth in awe . banquo ( cont 'd ) I dreamt last night of the weird sister : to you they have show have some truth . macbeth I think not of they . macbeth shrug curtly and take out he sword for fleance to spar with . thrill , fleance raise banquo 's sword and begin to try blow , but even absent- mindedly macbeth be too quick for he . macbeth ( cont 'd ) yet when we can entreat a hour to serve , we would spend it in some word upon that business , if you would grant the time . banquo at you kind ust leisure . macbeth smile at he . seize the opportunity , fleance lunge forward in frustration and jab macbeth in the gut with he father 's sword . 30 . macbeth blink at the boy in surprise . fleance stare back at he , shocked at what he 's just do . then ... banquo laugh . and macbeth soften , laugh along too . with a wave of he arm he gesture for they to return inside . banquo shoot a glare at fleance , who continue only to watch macbeth . but as macbeth walk inside ... macbeth if you shall cleave to my consent , when ' tis it shall make honour for you . banquo stop . unsure how to interpret this . banquo ( carefully ) so I lose none in seek to augment it , but still keep my bosom franchis ' have , and allegiance clear , I shall be counsell have . macbeth turn back . chuckle uncomfortably , he eye pass from banquo to fleance . macbeth good repose , the while ! banquo thanks , sir. the like to you . macbeth step aside , gesture banquo and fleance to continue inside ahead of he . he watch they go , alone in the courtyard , barely visible in the dark . int . inverness / pavilion - night late . the pavilion be litter with the remain of the feast , as well as some guest who have fail to find a comfortable place to rest . cat pick at scrap of food on the table . ext . inverness / village square - night Duncan stumble along a walkway , accompany by he two Guards . they take up position either side of the curtain , themselves also drunk . they eye lilt to sleep . ext . inverness / corral - night horse jostle uneasily in the overcrowded corral . a sharp wind be gather into a STORM . 31 . the air be fill with the sound of the village 's wind - chime , animated by the grow gale . int . inverness / chapel - continuous Lady macbeth pray in the chapel . alone , light by candle . int . inverness / macbeth 's dwelling - night macbeth , meanwhile , be hunch down over a fire , he hand move soundlessly over he body as though check he weapon in he unconscious battle ritual . he be wrack with indecision . memories of war play on he mind like the dark shadow dance on the wall . memories of he fall friend . of the Witches . he drop he hand to he knee , redundant for a second . then instantly start he ritual again -- but ... it 's no use . he give up . make to rub he face , exhaust , when suddenly ... he frown , notice something . his hand be trembling . unnerve by this trick of he body , macbeth close he eye , try to banish the tension . he breathes out , then wearily open he eye and ... stop dead . the young boy soldier from the battlefield be stand in the doorway of the dwelling before he , watch he calmly . he be pale as the grave , he cut throat now scar over , as though time have pass . but he seem corporeal . Real . and , in he hand , be a dagger . he be hold it out to macbeth by the blade . macbeth stare . disbelief edging into he voice . macbeth be this a dagger , which I see before I , the handle toward my hand ? the Young Boy soldier say nothing . macbeth ( cont 'd ) come , let I clutch thee - 32 . macbeth walk towards he . reaches out but -- the Boy step backwards out of the door away from he . he look from the dagger to the Boy 's face . macbeth ( cont 'd ) I have thee not , and yet I see thee still . Art thou not , fatal vision , sensible to feel , as to sight ? or art thou but a dagger of the mind , a false creation , proceed from the heat - oppress brain ? the Young Boy soldier still do not speak . just turn and walk outside . macbeth follow after he , mesmerise . ext . inverness / village square - night macbeth tread out of he dwelling onto the long walkway . the Young Boy soldier be walk soundlessly ahead of he towards Duncan 's tent . low fire light they way . the sound of the wind - chime rise in intensity . macbeth thou marshall ust I the way that I be go ; and such a instrument I be to use . wide : we see macbeth step forward intractably , alone . there be no Young Boy soldier . macbeth 's Pov : the Boy 's dagger be drip blood . as if beckone he on . macbeth ( cont 'd ) mine eye be make the fool o’th ’other sense , or else worth all the rest : I see thee still , and on thy blade and dudgeon gout of blood , which be not so before . slowly , rain start to fall . macbeth close he eye , try to calm himself . macbeth ( cont 'd ) there 's no such thing . it be the bloody business which inform thus to mine eye . he open he eye again . and see the Young Boy soldier be still waiting for he by Duncan 's tent door . expectant . macbeth ( cont 'd ) now of ’er the one half - world nature seem dead , and wick dream abuse ( more ) 33 . macbeth ( cont 'd ) the curtain have sleep . witchcraft celebrate and wither have murder move like a ghost . macbeth pull himself up to he full height and step through the entrance into Duncan 's tent . int . duncan 's tent - continuous the Young Boy soldier lead macbeth towards the unconscious two Guards in the entryway . he peer down at they on the floor , study they face . a bell gently toll . then , macbeth kneel and take the dagger from the slumbering man . he look to the Boy one last time . macbeth I see thee yet , in form as palpable as this which now I draw . while I threat , he life : word to the heat of deed too cold breath give . we follow macbeth through the curtain into Duncan 's inner bedchamber . slowly , he step up close to the sleep king . stand over he , stare down . the man helpless in he slumber . as if sense he there , however , Duncan 's eye softly flutter OPEN . take in macbeth above he . the dagger . a wave of recognition pass through he eye -- the King like a boy , vulnerable and fragile . gently , macbeth place he hand over Duncan 's mouth . he raise the knife 's point to Duncan 's chest . Duncan look to macbeth for mercy one last time . macbeth pause for a second . then -- thrust hard , bury the knife into Duncan 's heart . Duncan lurch forward in pain but macbeth hold he down . he raise the blade again and begin to stab Duncan with increase force . Building into a frenzy , unable to stop himself . Duncan 's body buck with pain . but macbeth still stab . and stab . and stab . until finally , Duncan 's body fall limp and macbeth gasp out , sagging with the exertion . macbeth breathes hard . lose . slick with blood . gently , he lay himself down by he dead king 's side . craving rest . 34 . int . inverness / chapel - night the large iron chapel bell swing in the wind , toll in the dark . ext . inverness / corral - night the horse grow wild at the gather storm . one , more skittish than the rest , whinnie in fear as the other start to buck and rear . they smooth back shove against each other , try to clear space . the post of the corral come loose . int . / ext . inverness / village square - night a torrent of rain drench the square . Duncan 's entourage sleep or pass out under the cover of the pavilion . a thin stream of water descend the walkway of the village . Chimes sounding out in the wind . int . inverness / chapel - night close on : Lady macbeth 's face , eye shut fast in prayer , determine . she hold a string of charm in she hand , she finger worry its bead . the rain hammer outside . the chapel bell ringing out above she in the gale . Fresh clothes be laid out at she foot . ext . inverness / village square - soon after through the cold night , malcolm tread out of he dwelling towards Duncan 's tent . unable to sleep , something troubling he in what he see earlier . int . inverness / duncan 's tent - continuous malcolm enter . he step over the drugge Guards . carefully , slowly , he open the curtain to he father 's bedchamber . int . inverness / duncan 's tent - continuous the light of a small fire illuminate the King 's tent . but when he enter , malcolm 's face turn to a look of horror . Duncan 's body , unrecognizable , tear with gashes , lie in its own blood on the bed . 35 . the sheet be wrap tightly around its head , red blotches at its eye socket , its white hand cinched at its side . voice ( 0.s. ) the spring , the head , the fountain of you blood be stopp have ; the very source of it be stopp have . malcolm look round in shock , to see : macbeth , sit by the side of the bed . still streak in blood , hold the dagger in he hand . malcolm do not know what to do . macbeth here lie Duncan , his silver skin lac have with he golden blood ; macbeth motion down to the bloody dagger in he hand . macbeth ( cont 'd ) there , the murderer . steep have in the colour of they trade , macbeth look up back at malcolm . the young man be paralyse . terrify . macbeth rise and walk towards he . macbeth ( cont 'd ) have I but die a hour before this chance , I have liv have a bless time . for , from this instant , there 's nothing serious in mortality ; all be but toy . renown , and grace , be dead ; the wine of life be draw , and the mere lee be leave this vault to brag of . macbeth hold out the bloody weapon , gesture for malcolm to take they . malcolm now close enough to kill he with one quick thrust . but ... malcolm do nothing . unable to assault this hero before he . macbeth 's stare burrow into he : macbeth ( cont 'd ) live you ? or be you aught that man may question ? malcolm be now even more frighten . tear streaking he face . he start to back away as ... close on : macbeth close he eye . a rumble be building on the edge of hearing , the same sound as we hear on the battlefield . it grow in intensity , block out all other noise . 36 . macbeth cover he face with he hand , still hold the dagger , smear he eye with Duncan 's blood . then suddenly the noise stop as ... voice ( v.o. ) ( whisper ) sleep no more . macbeth 's eye open again . malcolm be go . he look back to the King 's body in confusion . int . inverness / chapel - night Lady macbeth wait , alone in the pews . suddenly footstep outside make she start : lady macbeth hark ! I laid they dagger ready ; he could not miss ’em . have he not resemble my father as he sleep , I have do 't . the footstep draw near to the chapel , running . she tread quietly to the door , peer through it . outside , a figure be saddle a horse in the corral . malcolm . ext . inverness / corral - night quickly , malcolm mount he mare , kick it , and ride it free of the corral . as he go , he horse pull the corral post free -- and suddenly all the other horse bolt out into the darkness . Lady macbeth step out of the chapel behind . she stare after he , panic in she eye . when suddenly -- a bloodied hand cover she mouth from behind . macbeth , soak and cover in blood . he be shaking uncontrollably and clutching the two stain dagger in he free hand . she pull herself free : lady macbeth ( cont 'd ) ( gasp ) my husband ! macbeth I have do the deed . didst thou not hear a noise ? lady macbeth do you not speak ? 37 . macbeth when ? lady macbeth now . macbeth as I descend ? lady macbeth ay . macbeth can not answer . he study the stain on he shirt , the blood drip on the stone floor . macbeth this be a sorry sight . quickly Lady macbeth seize he arm and lead he inside . int inverness / chapel - continuous Lady macbeth pull macbeth into the chapel : lady macbeth a foolish think to say a sorry sight . macbeth methought , I hear a voice cry , ' sleep no more ! macbeth do murder sleep ! 's Lady macbeth stop a second at he dark word . she look into he eye . they be ablaze . forsaken . lady macbeth who be it that thus cry ? why , worthy Thane , you do unbend you noble strength , to think so brainsickly of thing . go , get some water , and wash this filthy witness from you hand . -- she pull he other hand up and for the first time notice the bloody dagger . lady macbeth ( cont ’d ) ( shocked ) why do you bring this dagger from the place ? they must lie there : go , carry they , and smear the sleepy groom with blood . Lady macbeth try to rouse he from he stupor but he shake she off . 38 . lady macbeth ( cont ’d ) infirm of purpose ! give I the dagger . the sleep and the dead , be but as picture ; ‘tis the eye of childhood that fear a paint devil . if he do bleed , I ' will gild the face of the groom withal , for it must seem they guilt . she pull the dagger from he grip . ext . inverness / village square - continuous Lady macbeth walk at a pace along the dark walkway . we follow from behind , she body silhouett in the faint moonlight as she come to the sleep Guards . tentatively , she smear they shirt and face with the dagger 's blood , careful not to wake they . before turn away , however , she glance inside -- and see Duncan 's bloody shape through the open of he tent curtain . she stop a moment . horror in she eye . int . inverness / chapel - night macbeth stand freeze by the font , stare at he red hand . rain be pour down hard from crack in the ceiling . macbeth what hand be here ? ha ! they pluck out mine eye . he push he finger into he own eye socket . his face smear with blood . macbeth ( cont 'd ) will all great Neptune 's ocean wash this blood clean from my hand ? macbeth hold out he hand into the rain water fall from the ceiling . it drop red beneath they , taint by the blood . macbeth ( cont 'd ) no , this my hand will rather the multitudinous seas incarnadine , make the green one red . Lady macbeth re-enter , she hand now cover with blood as well . lady macbeth my hand be of you colour ; but I shame to wear a heart so white . 39 . she cross to he and thrust she hand into the fall of rain water . lady macbeth ( cont ’d ) a little water clear we of this deed : how easy be it then ! she wipe they clean , then unty macbeth 's ravage shirt and strip it off , stuff he bloody clothes into the hide space in the altar . she cover it again . but as she do , quietly : macbeth to know my deed , ' twere best not know myself . she pause . take he face in she hand tenderly . plead with he to keep he composure . wind blow outside , make the wooden chime knock around they . until , finally , we ... CUT to : ext . inverness / lake - dawn Dawn . the sun crest the horizon . a faint drizzle remain from the night 's storm but the sky have mostly clear , its colour soften . close on : macbeth pull himself from the water of a lake , he flesh steaming . he catch he breath . bite down tension . the landscape be quiet . the horse from the stable be strewn across the hill , watch he . spectral in the early sun . ext . inverness / village square - dawn macbeth lead the horse back into the village square . a few guest from the night before still lie comatose under shelter at the edge of the courtyard . suddenly : voice ( 0.s. ) good morrow , noble Sir ! macbeth turn -- to see macduff . his hair and beard be saturate from the storm he have just ride through -- but still he look fresh compare to that who attend the banquet . next to he be lennox , quick -ey , soft -spoken . macbeth good morrow , both . 40 . lennox smile a greeting . but macduff study macbeth . they dislike of one another tangible . across the square : Lady macbeth begin to step out from another doorway , but see macduff she stop and retreat . macduff be the King stir , worthy Thane ? macbeth , for a moment , appear lose . macduff repeat : macduff ( cont 'd ) be the king -- macbeth not yet . macduff he do command I to call timely on he : I have almost slipp have the hour . macbeth nod . the role he now must play dawn on he . macbeth I nil bring you to he . the man follow macbeth , they boot plodd through the mud . ext . inverness / village square - dawn macbeth lead macduff and lennox toward Duncan 's tent . they walk in silence . macduff I 'il make so bold to call . macduff enter Duncan 's tent , disappear from sight . lennox turn . make conversation : lennox go the King hence to -day ? macbeth he do : he do appoint so . macbeth be not really listen -- he attention catch by a group of child play outside . fleance stand at a distance too , alone , watch from the side . 41 . the child be re-enact the event of the night before . one of the boy have fashioned himself a crown out of twig and wrap a blanket around he shoulder , bless he playmate just like Duncan do malcolm . lennox continue : lennox the night have be unruly : where we lay we chimney be blow down ; and , as they say , lamenting hear i’th ’air ; strange scream of death , some say , the earth be feverous , and do shake . macbeth look up at he for the first time . a glimmer of suspicion on he brow . macbeth ' twas a rough night . int . inverness / duncan 's tent - continuous macduff pull away the bloody sheet , shock seize he face . in front of he lie the butcher king , like a desecrate god . shake , he fold Duncan 's hand together on he chest and kiss they in reverence . his world in upheaval . then he kneel down and pray to he fall king . ext . inverness / village square - continuous macbeth stare hard at lennox , uneasy . about to speak , when -- -- macduff walk out from Duncan 's tent . his hand bloody . lennox 's face fall in horror . macbeth what 's the matter ? macduff confusion now hath make he masterpiece ! most sacrilegious murder hath break open the Lord 's anoint temple , and steal thence the life o' th' building ! macbeth what be 't you say ? '' the life '' ? lennox mean you he majesty ? 42. macduff do not bid I speak : see , and then speak yourselves . lennox rush inside the tent . macbeth follow close after as macduff bellow : macduff ( cont 'd ) awake ! awake ! he run towards malcolm 's tent . macduff ( cont 'd ) Ring the alarum-bell . murder , and treason ! banquo and malcolm ! awake ! shake off this downy sleep , death 's counterfeit , and look on death itself . malcolm ! banquo ! banquo emerge blearily from he tent nearby . he start to hurry towards macduff . fleance join he . Lady macbeth step out of she own dwelling behind he , she hair and bedclothes in point disarray . int . inverness / duncan 's tent - continuous close on : lennox 's face , as he take in the horrific sight . Duncan 's body , just as macduff leave it . over lennox 's shoulder , macbeth stand in the doorway , deadly still . macduff break in past he , follow by banquo , fleance and Lady macbeth : lady macbeth what 's the business ? speak . speak ! macduff we royal master 's murder . lady macbeth o , by whom ? lennox that of he chamber , they hand be all badge with blood ... lennox point back towards the Guards , speechless . 43. instantly , macbeth head out to the tent 's entrance . he grab up the first Guard , pull out he dagger and slice he neck with one deadly swipe . the Guard drop . macbeth then grab the second sleep Guard and slay he too . behind macbeth , macduff and banquo stare . fleance be roote by they side , stunne . macbeth look up from he victim to see they eye all turn towards he . but it be banquo whose gaze macbeth meet . macduff step forward . the distrust clear in he voice : macduff wherefore do you so ? macbeth defiantly move towards macduff . macbeth who could refrain , that have a heart to love , and in that heart , courage , to make love know ? macduff do not answer . the air thick between they . suddenly - - Lady macbeth retch . lady macbeth help I hence , ho ! macduff look to the lady . lennox quickly help Lady macbeth , as fleance run out towards the church . int . inverness / chapel - day ( dawn ) stricken with panic , fleance desperately pull on the chapel bell , ringing out that the King be dead . daylight glare down through the belltower ceiling on he face . ext . inverness - day ( dawn ) the bell 's echoe resound faintly across the mountain . the morning light bleed coldly over the village in the distance . CUT to : 44 , int . inverness / chapel - next day reverential hand gently clean Duncan 's body . a cloth remove the trace of blood . pristine white sheet be then wrap around it , as a needle and thread stitch together the jag gashes on he face . the corpse , swaddle in a white shroud , be now laid on the altar . a monk stand at the head , two Guards at its foot . ext . inverness - day a crowd have gather outside the chapel . the population of inverness have swell with outsider , gather to pay they respects to the dead King . among the crowd be the lead thanes , include macduff and he young , beautiful wife lady macduff . he hold one of they child ( 5 ) . the other one ( 8 ) cling to Lady macduff 's skirt . banquo stand a little way off . everyone be dressed in dark colour . many be hood . some carry posy of local flower . all shell - shocked . uncertain . the thanes murmur amongst themselves as they wait . lennox , angus and rosse close together . lennox how it do grieve macbeth . do he not straight , in pious rage , the two delinquent tear , that be the slave of drink , and thralls of sleep ? be that not nobly do ? angus ay , and wisely too ; for ‘twould have anger have any heart alive to hear the man deny 't . lennox I say , he have borne all thing well . he look over the other lord , size up they response . angus meet he glance and nod : they share a loyalty . rosse be not know , who do this more than bloody deed ? macduff overhear this last question . he hand he child to he wife with the easy gesture of a parent , then move across to talk to rosse . she shoot he a warning look as he go . macduff that that macbeth hath slain . 45 . rosse alas , the day ! what good could they pretend ? macduff ( curtly ) they be suborn’d . malcolm , the King 's son , be stol 'o away and fle ; which put upon he suspicion of the deed . rosse shake he head in disbelief . rosse then ‘tis most like the sovereignty will fall upon macbeth . they all look into the chapel , as ... macduff he be already name . int . inverness / chapel - day macbeth and Lady macbeth process towards the altar , eye forward , a strange parody of a wedding . they pay they respects over the body of the fall king . hover above the corpse , macbeth 's gaze turn to meet banquo 's just outside the tent . but banquo look away . his face edge with distrust . sense this , Lady macbeth glance round at the rest of the crowd . her stare flicker over Lady macduff . take in she assemble family . macbeth look back to Duncan 's body . he lay the ceremonial royal sword on the dead King 's chest and kneel before he , Lady macbeth at he side . ext . inverness / chapel - day - continous see macbeth kneel , the crowd follow suit . almost as if it be to macbeth himself they be kneel . macduff , back at he wife 's side , also lower himself to he knee . Lady macduff look solemn . they know they chance have pass . CUT to : 46 . ext . scottish landscape - day - time lapse mist move and dance with speed across the Scottish landscape . time pass , as -- int . inverness / chapel - time lapse on the altar where Duncan 's body once lay , we see the fresh flower wither and decay before we eye . ext . inverness - day the village be be abandon . tents be disassembled and emptied , the villager 's possession strapped onto horse for the journey to they new home . int . countryside - day the trail of villager snake through the harsh countryside . a population on the move . macbeth ride at the head of he army with Lady macbeth at he side . he look back to banquo , who keep he distance at the rear of the line , the berth between they mark the tension . ext . dunsinane castle / beach - day close on : dunsinane . Duncan 's former castle seem five time the size of the whole of inverness : its high thick wall span the width of the sky and lookout rise from each of the four corner . one side be surround by the dense birnam wood , on the other lie the North Sea . wide : macbeth approach on horseback along the beach , with Lady macbeth mount regally by he side . his entire army array behind they . and , behind the army , the villager of inverness . macbeth and Lady macbeth share a private , inadvertent smile : this be they new home . macbeth dismount and give he rein to a soldier -- seyton , who lose a arm on the battlefield . loyal . macbeth offer he elbow to Lady macbeth , bow slightly as he do so . she smile happily and dismount . 47 . in the rank some way behind they , banquo and fleance watch the new King and Queen elect make they way towards the castle from they lone horse . banquo take in the rest of the army . as if strike for the first time by the implication of macbeth 's advancement . banquo thou hast it now . King , cawdor , glamis , all as the weird woman promis'd ; and , I fear , thou play ’dst most foully for 't . yet it be say , it should not stand in thy posterity ; he breathes in . then look back at fleance . banquo ( cont 'd ) but that myself should be the root and father of many king . if there come truth from they , why , by the verity on thee make good , May they not be my oracle as well ? and set I up in hope ? fleance be puzzle at he word . banquo smile , dismiss the think . banquo ( cont 'd ) but hush , no more . int . dunsinane castle - day running through the large , cavernous hall of dunsinane be the child of inverness . they laugh , hurtle into every room , amaze at the opulence . around they , the woman and Soldiers of the village be set up bed in the large chamber . as over it , we hear ... voice ( pre - lap ) hail macbeth ! hail macbeth ! hail macbeth ! int . dunsinane castle / nave - day macbeth and Lady macbeth kneel at the head of a vast stone nave , now dress in royal raiment . there 's a awkwardness to they in they formal clothes and heavy crown , a stiffness that be never there before . before they , a huge crowd chant macbeth 's name . all of the noble be collect in they finery . to one side , macbeth 's soldier stand to attention . further back , the villager from inverness , they rank swell with that from dunsinane too . 48 . a bishop cup he hand over Lady macbeth 's forehead . with he other hand he pour holy water over she crown . he move to macbeth to repeat the gesture -- he fingertip touch macbeth 's head , just as the older witch do on the battlefield . close on : macbeth 's face as the water seep through the Bishop 's finger , run down over he brow . he close he eye against it and ... CUT to : int . inverness / duncan 's tent - flashback macbeth stand over Duncan , plunging the dagger again and again into the King 's chest . Duncan 's eye wide with agony . back to : int . dunsinane castle / nave - evening macbeth open he eye , the bless complete . he be now King . he and Lady macbeth stand to accept the devotion of they subject . one by one , the noble begin to process forward to pay homage . macduff and he family be the first amongst they . Lady macduff step up to Lady macbeth , curtsey and take she hand -- but hesitates before kissing it . Lady macbeth hold it out to she , wait . Lady macduff then look she dead in the eye and kiss it at the wrist , defiant in she obedience . to she side , banquo bow at macbeth 's foot now . macbeth smile down at he old friend -- but banquo can not hold he look . uneasily he turn he face down and , unable to kiss the new king 's hand , instead touch it with he forehead . as he stand again , almost imperceptibly , macbeth 's hand start to tremble . Lady macbeth notice . shoot he glance . the other thanes process forward , pledge they allegiance in turn . CUT to : int . dunsinane castle / bedchamber - dusk later . macbeth sit on the floor , cloak in he royal robe . the crown untouched by he side . 49 , he be arrange he weaponry around he on the floor , clean all of he knife and sword as if readying for battle . banquo 's defiance play on he mind . macbeth ( quietly ) to be thus be nothing , but to be safely thus ... we fear in banquo stick deep , and in he royalty of nature reign that which would be fear . ' tis much he dare , and to that dauntless temper of he mind he hath a wisdom that doth guide he valour . Lady macbeth enter . a beat , as she take in she husband on the floor . the weapon . then approach and kneel down by he side . lady macbeth how now , my lord , why do you keep alone , of sorriest fancy you companion make , use that thought which should indeed have die with they they think on ? he do not answer . instead , he pick up a knife and start to pick at some dry blood on its blade , deep in think . macbeth we have scorch have the snake , not kill have it . she will close and be herself , whilst we poor malice remains in danger of she former tooth . lady macbeth thing without all remedy should be without regard . what 's do be do . come on , gentle my lord , sleek o’er you rugge look , be bright and jovial among you guest tonight . Lady macbeth playfully pick up the crown and place it on he head . she smile approvingly . but then -- macbeth thou know ust that banquo , and he fleance , life ? a glimmer of unease flit through she eye . lady macbeth you must leave this . macbeth he chid the sister when first they put the name of King upon I , and bid they speak to he . then , prophet - like , they hail have he father to a line of king : upon my head they plac have a fruitless crown , ( more ) 50 . macbeth ( cont 'd ) and put a barren sceptre in my grip , thence to be wrench have with a unlineal hand , no son of mine succeed . I for 't be so , for banquo 's issue have I file have my mind ; for they the gracious Duncan have I murder have ; put rancour in the vessel of my peace , only for they ; to make they king , the seed of banquo king ! lady macbeth what 's to be do ? macbeth stare at she , on the cusp of speak . then -- macbeth be innocent of the knowledge , dearest chuck , till thou applaud the deed . he smile a little . a flicker of fear , almost , in he look ... macbeth ( cont 'd ) o -- full of scorpion be my mind ! he laugh . Lady macbeth frown at he strange word . but -- macbeth just move towards she , reach he hand under she skirt , as if seek solace . seek distraction . she try to resist . macbeth ( cont 'd ) thou marvell ust at my word , but hold thee still . thing bad begin make themselves strong by ill . he push he hand into she . she gasp . macbeth ( cont 'd ) come , seeling night , scarf up the tender eye of pitiful Day , and , with thy bloody and invisible hand , cancel , and tear to piece , that great bond which keep I pale ! forcefully she push he hand away . he stare at she in surprise . then , she take he head in she hand and kiss he hard . willing he to come back to she . macbeth close he eye for a second at she touch . until finally , he open they again and look back at she . and a single tear roll down he cheek . ext . dunsinane castle / beach - day the beach . banquo and fleance hurriedly prepare horse to ride away from the castle . urgent. 51 . fleance look back , and see that he 's drop some of they belonging in the sand behind they . he quickly rush back to collect they up . banquo hurry over to help he . as they be gather they final possession , however , banquo look up -- and notice macbeth and a pair of soldier riding towards they . one of the Soldiers be seyton . they arrive just as banquo be reattach the last of they belonging to the horse . macbeth dismount . the air tense . macbeth to-night we hold a solemn supper , Sir , and I all request you presence . banquo let you highness Command upon I , to the which my duty be with a most indissoluble tie for ever knit . macbeth glance at the laden horse . macbeth ride you this afternoon ? banquo ay , my good Lord . macbeth we should have else desir have you good advice in this day 's council ; but we will take to-morrow . be 't far you ride ? the answer be obvious from the stuff bag . but banquo try to lie , match macbeth 's offhandedness with he own : banquo as far , my Lord , as will fill up the time ' twixt this and supper : go not my horse the better , I must become a borrower of the night , for a dark hour or twain . macbeth smile . the horse , pick up on the atmosphere , begin to shift skittishly . banquo 's eye darting to that of the two man watch . but macbeth just stare at he . macbeth fail not we feast . banquo my Lord , I will not . macbeth nod . then look away , as if dismissive : 52 . macbeth we hear we bloody cousin be bestow have in England ; not confess his cruel parricide , fill he hearer with strange invention . banquo have no reponse -- just force a speechless smile . fleance look from one man to the other , try to understand the strange current of tension . until finally ... macbeth ( cont 'd ) but of that to - morrow , when , therewithal , we shall have cause of State craving we jointly . hie you to horse : adieu , till you return at night . he turn away . then ... macbeth ( cont 'd ) go fleance with you ? this final question strike ice down banquo 's spine . but he try to mask it . banquo ay , my good Lord : we time do call upon 's . macbeth I wish you horse swift , and sure of foot ; and so I do commend you to they back . farewell . macbeth wave he off . banquo quickly nod to fleance , and they mount they horse and ride off at speed . macbeth watch they go for a moment in silence , as if weigh something up . then , he turn to seyton and the other soldier . speak quietly , almost conversationally : macbeth ( cont 'd ) within this hour at most , I will advise you where to plant yourselves , acquaint you with the perfect spy o’th ’time , the moment of not ; for’t must be do to - night , and something from the palace ; always think , that I require a clearness . macbeth stare after banquo and fleance . then : macbeth ( cont 'd ) and with he , to leave no rub nor botch in the work , fleance he son , that keep he company , ( more ) 53 . macbeth ( cont 'd ) whose absence be no less material to I than be he father 's , must embrace the fate of that dark hour . seyton glance macbeth in surprise , the reality of what he 's ask they to do hit home . but he fellow soldier answer loyally : soldier we be resolv have , my Lord . ext . dense wood - dusk tree loom in this dense wood . seyton and the soldier , now masked , watch banquo and fleance from a distance . they glance at one another and ride on ahead to cut they off , they dark mission underway . ext . dense wood - evening the fog be thick . tree and branch be silhouett against the blacken sky . mute horse hoof clop in through the fog . then the outline of two traveller emerge -- banquo and fleance -- riding slowly on the damp earth . they come to a halt in a small clear . fleance dismount from he horse and relieve himself against a tree . banquo get down with he , wary , and look to the heaven . banquo it will be rain to-night . fleance peer into the dark forest ahead . and frown . for a shadowy figure seem to be stand before he amongst the bough . close on : a draw arrow poise in the figure 's crossbow . suddenly out of the tree , the arrow whip past fleance -- and pierce banquo 's back . a second arrow immediately slam into he shoulder . banquo fall . fleance rush towards he father in sudden panic -- but see the masked soldier come towards they from the other side . banquo cry out : banquo ( cont 'd ) fly , fleance ! 79 80 54 . banquo lunge round with he sword to meet he attacker , wounded and disabled . the soldier strike the sword from he hand , but banquo duck he charge and pull the soldier down to the ground . wrestling hard , the soldier bring out he dagger and plunge it into banquo 's side . banquo grapples the soldier tight despite the pain , yell for fleance to escape : banquo ( cont 'd ) ( shouting ) fly ! but fleance be freeze with horror . his father 's death unfold before he eye . the soldier drive the blade into banquo 's side again and again and banquo lose strength , finally release he foe . the soldier stand , pull banquo up by he hair . banquo 's eye meet he son 's for the last time . a King he will never see crown . and , as the attacker draw the blade across he throat ... seyton let it come down . seyton loose a arrow at the boy , startling he from he paralysis . and , as he father 's body fall forward into the dirt , fleance finally turn and sprint away . ext . forest - continuous 79 fleance sprint into a thicker part of the wood . burst through the dark tree , ducking under sharp branch , he breath pound . from behind he hear the footstep of the attacker come toward he . another arrow fly past . fleance tumble to the ground , but pick himself up quickly and keep move through the forest , tree and branch blur as he pass . until finally he come to a open in the brush and ... stop dead . in a small clear cover in leave , as if she 's be wait , be the child witch . stare at he calmly . gasp for breath , fleance stare back at she . then ... ext . forest - moment later 80 seyton burst into the clear and stop to listen . 55 . but it be empty . fleance and the child witch have disappear . seyton stare around . but there 's no sign of the boy at all . voice ( pre - lap ) hail macbeth ! hail macbeth ! CUT to : int . dunsinane castle / banquet hall - later the chant echoes throughout this cavernous banquet hall . all of the nobles be wait before the banquet table along with macbeth 's own Soldiers , who seem out of the place in this rarefy ceremonial dinner . there 's a elegance and sophistication to the proceedings that be entirely foreign to that guest who have come from inverness . but Duncan 's former court , include rosse , angus , lennox and menteith , be clearly use to it . macbeth stand at the head table . Lady macbeth by he side . everyone wait on he command . macduff and Lady macduff be both watch the royal couple closely . macbeth ( call out ) you know you own degree , sit down : at first and last , the hearty welcome . the room make to sit down . but then -- macbeth stop . his attention take instead by the door open , and seyton and the other soldier enter the room to take they place . Lady macbeth and the noble all pause as he do , unsure whether to sit or stand . oblivious , macbeth start away from he seat towards the new arrival : macbeth ( cont 'd ) we hostess keep she state ; but , in best time , we will require she welcome . lady macbeth pronounce it for I , Sir , to all we friend ; for my heart speak , they be welcome . menteith hold out another seat for macbeth ... menteith you majesty ... 56 . .-+. but macbeth just move past he . macbeth be large in mirth ; anon , we will drink a measure the table round . the crowd watch , poise and uncomfortable in the silence as macbeth walk right up to seyton . seyton , aware that the room be watch they , lean in close , uneasy . macbeth ( cont 'd ) there 's blood upon thy face . seyton ( whisper ) ' tis banquo 's then . macbeth ' tis better thee without , than he within . be he dispatch have ? seyton ( whisper ) my Lord , he throat be cut ; that I do for he . a brief silence . macbeth put a hand on he shoulder . as though they be totally alone . macbeth thou art the best o’th 's cut-throat ; yet he 's good that do the like for fleance : if thou didst it , thou art the nonpareil . seyton ( apprehensively ) most royal Sir ... fleance be scap have . macbeth stare at seyton intently . he pull he close by the back of the neck , they forehead touch . the room wait in suspension for they King to return to he chair . macbeth then come my fit again : I have else be perfect ; Whole as the marble , found as the rock , as broad and general as the case air : his breathe be labour . he suddenly look close to tear , anger building : macbeth ( cont 'd ) but now , I be cabin have , cribb have , confin’d , bound in to saucy doubt and fear . 57 . across the room , Lady macbeth grow alarmed at the attention he 's get : lady macbeth my royal Lord , you do not give the cheer . macbeth stop at the sound of she voice , look back . abruptly aware of everyone watch he again . he rearrange he face into a smile and nod back to seyton , try to mask they conversation : macbeth thanks for that . he start back to he place . Lady macbeth and all of the noble still on there feet , wait for he to give the toast . Lady macbeth 's eye ablaze as he begin to speak : macbeth ( cont 'd ) sweet remembrancer ! now , good digestion wait on appetite , and health on both ! quickly lennox offer macbeth a cup of wine -- help he new King . macbeth meet he eye gratefully . macbeth ( cont 'd ) ( raise the toast ) here have we now we country 's honour roof would , be the grac have person of we banquo present ; who may I rather challenge for unkindness than pity for mischance ! the noble force a laugh . Lady macbeth do not join in . lennox his absence , Sir , lay blame upon he promise . macbeth smile at he and raise the cup to he lip , as do other . but just as macbeth start to drink -- he stop again , something catch he eye nearby . everyone pause . lennox ( cont ’d ) what be 't that move you highness ? a change have come over macbeth 's face . he start forward . macbeth 's Pov : stand amongst the soldier at the far end of the hall , be banquo . dress for battle , he face cover in war-paint . the wound inflicted on he have disappear . 58 . but he eye burn into macbeth -- a look of love . of betrayal . back to : Lady macbeth immediately sense something be seriously wrong now . lennox too . slowly , macbeth walk towards the vision of banquo . macbeth ( almost under he breath ) which of you have do this ? lennox ( confuse ) what , my good Lord ? macbeth thou canst not say , I do it : macbeth 's Pov : macbeth stare into the dead face of banquo . macduff , fully aware of macbeth 's agitation , speak loudly , pointedly : macduff gentlemen , he highness be not well . Lady macbeth quickly move from she place as macbeth 's hand begin to tremble furiously . she speak curtly to macduff and the other : lady macbeth sit , worthy friend . my Lord be often thus , and hath be from he youth : pray you , keep seat ; the fit be momentary ; upon a think he will again be well . if much you note he , you shall offend he , and extend he passion ; feed , and regard he not . at she command , finally , the guest sit . Lady macbeth take macbeth 's wrist and draw he close . the whole room still watch . lady macbeth ( cont ’d ) ( whisper urgently ) be you a man ? macbeth ay , and a bold one , that dare look on that which might appal the Devil . lady macbeth o proper stuff ! 59 . macbeth prithee see there -- behold , look , lo , how say you ? macbeth gesture back to the chair with he tremble hand . Lady macbeth take he face in she palm without look . lady macbeth this be the very painting of you fear : this be the air-drawn dagger , which , you say , led you to Duncan . why do you make such face ? as she speak , macbeth look past she and -- blink . banquo have now vanished . replaced by one of he Soldiers . macbeth if I stand here , I see he . lady macbeth my worthy Lord , you noble friend do lack you . she start to lead he back to the table . macbeth take she arm as he follow after she -- try to convince she : macbeth blood hath be shed ere now , i’th aold time , the time have be that , when the brain be out , the man would die , and there a end ; but now , they rise again , and push we from we stool . this be more strange than such a murder be . she look out at the guest sternly , ignore he . he follow she gaze and see the eye of the guest upon they both . see macduff stare at he unabashedly . macbeth ( cont 'd ) I do forget . macbeth manage a laugh , glance again at macduff , and grab for another drink . he raise he cup -- and the whole banquet hall stand quickly once again to meet the toast . macbeth ( cont 'd ) do not muse at I , my most worthy friend , I have a strange infirmity , which be nothing to that that know I . come , love and health to all ; give I some wine : a servant pour more wine for he : 60 . macbeth ( cont 'd ) fill full : I drink to th’general joy o’th 's whole table , and to we dear friend banquo , whom we miss ; would he be here ! to all , and he , we thirst , and all to all . lord we duty , and the pledge . macbeth swallow the entire thing . then look up from the cup to see : macbeth 's Pov : banquo be stand before he in another place now . his stare bitter with reproach . macbeth can not tear he eye away . his hand start to shake . macbeth ( cont 'd ) ( plead quietly ) avaunt and quit my sight . let the earth hide thee . thy bone be marrowless , thy blood be cold ; thou hast no speculation in that eye , which thou dost glare with . back to : the guest , still stand , stare at they King as he address the stone wall at the end of the room . abruptly , macduff take Lady macduff 's arm and begin to exit the hall : they have see enough . Lady macbeth call out sharply to they , desperation edging into she voice now : lady macbeth think of this , good peer , but as a thing of custom : ‘tis no other ... macbeth ( to macduff ) pray you , sit still ! Lady macduff falter in the doorway . but macduff take she hand again and lead she out , defy macbeth 's order . macbeth turn to he wife . run he fingertip down she cheek as if they be alone , entreate consolation . quickly she take he hand away and hold it tight . macbeth ( cont 'd ) you make I strange even to the disposition that I owe , when now I think you can behold such sight ( more ) 61 . macbeth ( cont 'd ) and keep the natural ruby of you cheek , when mine be blanch have with fear . lennox what sight , my Lord ? Lady macbeth round on he : lady macbeth I pray you , speak not ! he grow worse and worse ; question enrage he . at once , good night . stun , the audience do not move . finally she snap again : lady macbeth ( cont ’d ) stand not upon the order of you go but go at once ! the noble hastily gather they possession and leave . rosse good night , and better health attend he majesty ! lady macbeth a kind good night to all ! eventually , macbeth and Lady macbeth be leave alone in the cavernous hall . finally , for the first time , macbeth take a seat . macbeth it will have blood . they say blood will have blood . CUT to : int . dunsinane castle / banquet chamber - later late . everyone have leave , night sink in . macbeth lie fully clothed on the floor of the hall . quietly , with a blanket over she shoulder , Lady macbeth enter . kneel down to he : macbeth ( cont 'd ) what be the night ? lady macbeth almost at odd with morning , which be which . his eye flicker with fatigue , but he keep himself go . 62 . macbeth how say ust thou that macduff deny he person at we great bid ? Lady macbeth tense , sense what 's come . look he firm in the eye , she shake she head , forbid he pursuit of this channel : lady macbeth you lack the season of all nature , sleep . but macbeth just press on insistently . macbeth I will to the weird sister : more shall they speak ; for now I be bent to know , by the worst mean , the worst . for mine own good , all cause shall give way : I be in blood stepp have in so far that should I wade no more , returning be as tedious as go o’er . strange thing I have in head that will to hand , which must be act , ere they may be scann’d . try to be tender , Lady macbeth take he tremble hand in hers and rest she forehead against he brow . her affection subdue he and he eye sag , weight down with exhaustion . int . dunsinane castle / bedchamber gently , Lady macbeth lead macbeth to the bed , lay he down and stroke he head as she do before . she curl herself next to he . nestles she head against he back as she own eye begin to close , willing he to rest . but he eye remain open . int . dunsinane castle / bedchamber - night silence . Lady macbeth sleep peacefully by macbeth 's side . macbeth , however , be still wide awake , stare up at the ceiling . strange light be dance amongst the shadow on the wall . curiously he get to he foot and track they to they source -- a crack in the curtain . the northern light be streaking the black night outside , glaring brilliantly . as though call to he . he cast a look at he wife , innocent in she sleep , and ... 63 . ext . countryside - dawn Dawn be break . macbeth ride through the cold countryside . the night 's darkness be slowly recede as he chase the light fervently . ext . battlefield - day daylight . macbeth come to the battlefield where he fight macdonwald 's man . again , ominously , a thick wall of mist be block the plain . it be freezing now , its ghostly swirl reach out around he knee . tuft of grass sprout from the frost - cover mound that mark the mass grave of he soldier . intractably draw , search , he call out to the mist : macbeth I conjure you , by that which you profess , howe ’er you come to know it , answer I ! there be no response . macbeth start to walk forward . around he the swirl begin to thicken . macbeth ( cont 'd ) speak , I charge you ! nothing . his desperation build and he break into a run , which turn to a sprint , panting , until finally ... he stop . out of breath . the mist be silent . fathomless . he be alone . then , from nearby , the faint peal of bell begin to chime in the mist . he turn , the sound draw he on towards it . from within the fog the form of the witch take shape , stand over the red glow of a fire . a infant be crying . macbeth walk toward they . the cry become clearer and louder . and the mist clear , to reveal they be prepare some kind of mixture over a flame . the older witch be cradling a infant in she arm . it play with the bell around she neck contentedly . the other work beside she , grind herb with a pestle and mortar . the older witch look up at macbeth . her eye solemn with intensity : older witch be lion -mettle , proud , and take no care who chafe , who fret , or where conspirer be : 64 . younger witch macbeth shall never vanquish have be . middle witch until great birnam wood to high dunsinane hill shall come against he . macbeth look down , to see that the Witches be now pour blood from the leather pouch we see earlier into the mixture they be make . when it 's spend , they hold the bowl up to he . as though challenging he to drink . tentatively , he take the bowl and bring it to he mouth . the thick , dark liquid run over he lip . and ... dissolve to white ext . battlefield / mist - day then : macbeth wander alone in the mist ; as though in a dream . as though out of time itself . the Witches be go . through the mist around he , a rank of he bloody soldier appear . Processing across the field past he , they eye cast down in defeat , mark from they last battle still fresh . a army lose to the age . macbeth peer around at they . they each seem to murmur snippet of speech . ghost soldier beware macduff . another ghost soldier beware the Thane of fife . dismiss I . enough . a third ghost soldier beware macduff . they trudge past macbeth without look at he . until , from they rank -- the young boy soldier from the battlefield appear . he come to a stop before macbeth . young boy soldier be bloody , bold , and resolute : laugh to scorn the power of man , for none of woman bear shall harm macbeth . macbeth reach out to embrace the Young Boy soldier , relieved . the Boy accept he hold without emotion . then break away and march on . macbeth 's mind whirring . 65 . macbeth then live , macduff : what need I fear of thee ? but yet I 'il make assurance double sure , and take a bond of fate : thou shalt not live . he look back after the Young Boy soldier -- but he be go . the rest of the army vanish too . macbeth be utterly alone . CUT to : ext . countryside - day a isolate valley . macduff hurry he wife and Children onto three horse , flanke by two of he guard . he lift the youngest child up to Lady macduff on the horse and kiss they each goodbye urgently . he have to leave . ext . battlefield - morning daylight . the mist have clear . through it , vacant -ey and somnambulant , macbeth be wander like a lose soldier , he body smear with earth . his horse gently graze nearby . lennox ride up alone . he have clearly be look for he King . he quickly dismount and hurry over as macbeth squint into the early morning sun . he call out : macbeth saw you the weird sister ? lennox 's eye scan the area , briefly . he have no idea what macbeth 's talk about . lennox no , my Lord . macbeth come they not by you ? lennox no , indeed , my Lord . lennox take out a blanket and try to wrap it around macbeth , help he back onto he horse . macbeth grab lennox 's arm , grin up at the sky around he . macbeth infect be the air whereon they ride ; and damn have all that that trust they ! 66 . he let out a whoop , exhilated by the prophecy he 's hear . lennox nod , unsettle , and gently remove the King 's hand from he arm . macbeth ride off . ext . countryside - day lennox and macbeth ride through the barren landscape . macbeth seem alert now , charge with a new purpose . ext . dunsinane castle - day Lady macbeth wait by a side entrance of the castle . watch she husband come towards she along the beach , wariness in she eye . ext . dunsinane castle - day macbeth pace , listen to the news since he departure . lennox and seyton be hover nearby . Lady macbeth stare at she husband , fear edging into she look . macbeth who wa sot come by ? lennox ' tis two or three , my Lord , that bring you word , macduff be fle to England . macbeth fled to England ? lennox ay , my good Lord . macbeth hold lennox 's stare for a second . then nod , confirm in he action . he start pull on he armour : macbeth time , thou anticipat ust my dread exploit . the flighty purpose never be oxertook unless the deed go with it . from this moment , the very firstling of my heart shall be the firstling of my hand . be it think and do : Lady macbeth shake she head and move to he in entreaty . grab he arm -- but macbeth stop and stare at she in surprise like a stranger . lady macbeth Hell be murky . what 's do can not be undone . 67 . macbeth watch she for a second . gently take she face in he hand . for a fleeting moment , she see he old self again . then , as he hold she , he call out to lennox and seyton : macbeth send out more horse , skirr the country round ; hang that that talk of fear . the castle of macduff I will surprise , seize upon fife , give to th ' edge o' th' sword his wife , he babe , and all unfortunate soul that trace he in he line . no boast like a fool . this deed I 'il do before this purpose cool . she try to grapple with he , begging he not to do this terrible act . but finally he shove her away and stride out of the chamber . Lady macbeth stare after he in shock . overwhelm by the change in he condition . by the darkness unfold before she . CUT to : ext . scottish plain - day dense wood . silence . a young boy run through the tree . he could be play . innocent almost . then -- lady macduff ( 0.s. ) ( scream ) murder ! we see Lady macduff run for she life behind he , clutching she youngest child in she arm . behind they , macbeth 's soldier be bear down on horseback . the older Boy trip and fall . Lady macduff desperately help he up , pull he back to he foot . he sprint on ahead -- but it 's too late for she . the Soldiers grab she up . lady macduff ( cont ’d ) ( scream ) murder ! I have do no harm ! ext . dunsinane castle - dusk close on : Lady macbeth 's face , stare up outside the castle . shock with grief over what 's about to happen . 68 . wide : Lady macduff and she Children be tie to pole on a platform before the castle wall . a pyre beneath they stack with wood for burn . the Children crying quietly . a crowd watch . Lady macbeth hesitates at they fore -- as though for a moment she might try to step forward and release this prisoner . but then ... macbeth walk forward brandish a fiery torch . macbeth bring I no more report ; let they fly all : till birnam wood remove to dunsinane , I cannot taint with fear . macbeth point towards to the surround birnam Woods . the people of inverness and dunsinane follow he gesture , uncomprehend . his own Soldiers look on . amongst they be rosse and angus . hood within the crowd . Lady macbeth stare at she husband , no longer recognise the man she love . as he yell out : macbeth ( cont 'd ) what 's the boy malcolm ? be he not bear of woman ? the spirit that know all mortal consequence have pronounc have I thus : ' fear not , macbeth ; no man that 's bear of woman shall e’er have power upon thee . 's then fly , false thanes , and mingle with the English epicure . macbeth look down towards Lady macbeth . her face stricken . macbeth ( cont 'd ) why be you silent ? she can not respond . macbeth approach Lady macduff and she child with the flame torch . Lady macduff cry out , defiant , strong : lady macduff this tyrant , whose sole name blister we tongue , be once think honest ! macbeth hesitates at she word . the briefest of pause . then -— - he lower the torch . the wood catch . Lady macbeth stare on as the flame rise up . her face shuttering into a mask of grief . 69 . ext . dunsinane castle - night darkness . the castle be silhouett in the distance . the corpse of Lady macduff and she child engulfed in flame on the stake . Lady macbeth just stare blankly . her mind crack by the atrocity she 's witness . she look up and follow the flame flicker high in the sky . CUT to : ext . english border - dusk two dozen tent occupy a large swathe of hillside by the Scottish - English border . the stone wall divide the nation stretch as far as the eye can see , torch lighting its length . a huge army of soldier , healthy , well equip and well train , prepare beneath they . it be a modern force , with a vast supply of weapon and horse . rosse , angus and the other Scottish lord pull up on horse , they few belonging bound behind they . a young man walk over to greet they : malcolm . all the Soldiers stand for he as the rider dismount : a young general in the make . he embrace rosse , then angus , excited to see the familiar face . rosse now be the time of help . you eye in Scotland would create soldier , make we woman fight , to doff they dire distress . malcolm nod , enjoy the feel of importance . malcolm be 't they comfort , we be come thither . rosse would I could answer this comfort with the like . but I have word that would be howl out in the desert air , where hearing should not latch they . ext . english countryside - night in another part of the encampment a man be kneel on the ground , praying . macduff . 70 . he see malcolm and angus walk towards he . rosse and other thanes hold back . he stand as they arrive . macduff my ever-gentle cousin , stands Scotland where it do ? angus alas , poor country . almost afraid to know itself . it cannot be call have we mother , but we grave . macduff what 's the newest grief ? angus try to speak -- but he cannot find the courage . macduff sense something be wrong . fear take hold deep within in he . malcolm step forward : malcolm let not you ear despise my tongue forever , which shall possess they with the heaviest sound that ever yet they hear . macduff how do my wife ? malcolm suck in a breath , muster strength . malcolm you castle be surpris have ; you wife and babe , savagely slaughter have . to relate the manner be , on the quarry of this murder have deer , to add the death of you . macduff go pale , disbelief trick over he face . macduff what man ? malcolm do not answer . the culprit be clear . macduff ( cont 'd ) my child too ? malcolm wife , child , servant , all that could be find . macduff and I must be from thence ? 71 . malcolm hesitates , unsettle by the insinuation . quickly macduff turn away and begin to gather up he belonging , as if there be something he could do . then he stop , stare into nothing . macduff ( cont 'd ) my wife kill have too ? malcolm I have say . be comfort : let 's make we med_cine of we great revenge , to cure this deadly grief -- macduff he have no child ! malcolm falter , unable to answer the force of macduff 's rage . macduff choke on he grief , grapple malcolm to he . macduff ( cont 'd ) what , all my pretty chicken , and they dam , at one fall swoop ? malcolm dispute it like a man ... macduff look up at he in outrage . macduff I shall do so . but I must also feel it as a man . sinful macduff , they be all strike for thee . malcolm be this the whetstone of you sword , let grief convert to anger . blunt not the heart , enrage it . gracious England hath lent we ten thousand man . we power be ready ; we lack be nothing but we leave . macduff look up to the Scottish mountain beyond the wall , now utterly determine , as if he 's speak to macbeth himself . macduff Front to front bring thou this fiend of Scotland and myself . within my sword 's length set he . if he scape heaven , forgive he too . CUT to : 72. ext . remote landscape - evening ( later ) lennox and menteith sit beside a tent and a fire . speak as if directly to we , just as lennox do in Duncan 's quarter earlier . as they talk , image play over they narration : lennox great dunsinane he strongly fortify ... int . dunsinane castle - various time macbeth , dead -ey , swing a sword in he chamber . lennox ( v.o. ) some say he 's mad . other , that lesser hate he , do call it valiant fury . macbeth rock in a beam of light from a window , alone . lennox ( v.o. ) but , for certain , he can not buckle he distemper have cause within the belt of rule . macbeth jog around the castle 's room , on edge . lennox ( v.o. ) that he command move only in command ... macbeth drink wine at dawn , its effect lose on he . lennox ( v.o. ) nothing in love . macbeth stare into space , he crown perch on he brow . ext . remote landscape - evening menteith take a breath . this be what he expect . menteith now do he feel his secret murder stick on he hand . lennox nod grimly . at that -- one of they dog nearby begin to bark . then two , then the whole pack . they eye turn : to see three of macbeth 's army riding in they direction . 73 . the two old man rise . one pick up a axe and the other a sword . readying themselves for they fate . CUT to : int . dunsinane castle / bedchamber - night Lady macbeth sit alone in she chamber , wash some tool in a bowl . disquiete , she scrub at they harder and harder . they be the dagger with which Duncan be kill . unsatisfied , she look up . ext . inverness - day Lady macbeth travel towards she old village on horseback with she maidservant . she be swathed in muslin , she shoulder cover by a white cloak . inverness be now in ruin . the tent have long go and the cross-beam and structural support stand like abandon totem . only the chapel remain , snow glisten against its side . it be a ghost town . int . inverness / chapel - day Lady macbeth sit on the floor of the chapel alone , envelop only in the muslin now . her breath cloud in the freezing air . but she do not seem to feel the cold . part of the roof be sagging and tear , small flake of snow find they way into the interior . her eye stare out at someone we can not see in the chapel before she . she speak quietly , as though plead with all that have past . as though confess , almost . lady macbeth yet here 's a spot . out , damned spot ! out , I say ! Hell be murky ... at some imagine response , she face harden . upbraid whomever she see : 74 . lady macbeth ( cont ’d ) fie , my Lord , fie ! a soldier , and afeard ? what need we fear who know it , when none can call we power to account ? yet who would have think the old man to have have so much blood in he ? at this , she face crack in sadness , almost imperceptibly . lady macbeth ( cont ’d ) the Thane of fife have a wife : where be she now ? what , will this hand not 'ri be clean ? no more o’that , my Lord , no more o’that : you mar all with this start . here 's the smell of the blood still : all the perfume of Arabia will not sweeten this little hand . wash you hand , put on you night - gown ; look not so pale . to bed , to bed : there 's knock at the gate . she start to beg , reach out in plea now : lady macbeth ( cont ’d ) come , come , come , come , give I you hand . what 's do can not be undone . to bed , to bed , to bed . finally , she eye sag with exhaustion , the lid close . but she force they open again . desperate to cling on to the vision before she . and finally we turn in the direction of she stare to see : a SMALL child on the floor of the chapel . pale , he skin marre with red sore . it be she son . the boy we see in the open image , now alive again . until , softly -- wind-chime peal on the wind outside . she look up . ext . inverness / village square - day Lady macbeth walk away from the chapel , barefoot now over the snow - dust ground . icy mist swirl around she . some way in the distance , on the crest of a hill , be four figure . the Witches . one have a bundle in she arm : the infant we see earlier . it seem to beckon Lady macbeth on . Lady macbeth stare . drawn inexorably . 75 . lady macbeth to bed . to bed . to bed . she walk on , struggle with each new step . her eye lilt to sleep . wide : Lady macbeth be alone and lose , wander into the landscape , fully expose to the element . CUT to : int . dunsinane castle / nave - day macbeth sit on the floor of the coronation chamber . the few villager and child still loyal to he sit around he . candle light the space , arrange in a vigil for they Queen . the atmosphere be prayer- like , solemn . macbeth be wear he royal cloak like a blanket . his face be haggard , beyond exhaust . a man who can not rest . a messenger approach , break he reverie . macbeth smile . macbeth the devil damn thee black , thou cream -fac have loon . where gott ust thou that goose look ? the Messenger be visibly scared to relay the news he have . messenger there be ten thousand -- macbeth geese , villain ? messenger Soldiers , Sir . macbeth chuckle . macbeth go , prick thy face and over- red thy fear , thou lily - liver have boy . what soldier , patch ? death of thy soul ! that linen cheek of thine be counsellor to fear . what soldier , whey - face ? messenger the English force , so please you . the news settles . macbeth nod , expect this inevitability . 76 . macbeth hang out we banner on the outward wall ; the cry be still , '' they come . '' we castle 's strength will laugh a siege to scorn : here let they lie , till famine and the ague eat they up . the Messenger 's head remain bow . unsure of he master 's command . int . dunsinane castle / bedchamber - continuous macbeth enter . Lady macbeth be lie motionless on a bed , she face white and still , she lip blue . her maidservant lie next to she , she eye red and swollen from cry . a doctor stand by . nervous . macbeth approach . macbeth how do you patient , Doctor ? the Doctor take a solemn breath . doctor my Lord -- macbeth canst thou not minister to a mind disea have , pluck from the memory a roote sorrow , raze out the write trouble of the brain , and with some sweet oblivious antidote cleanse the stuff have bosom of that perilous stuff which weigh upon the heart ? the Doctor have no idea how to respond . macbeth motion for he to come closer , smile confidentially : macbeth ( cont 'd ) ( whisper ) Doctor , the thanes fly from I . what rhubarb , cyme or what purgative drug , would scour this English hence ? hear ust thou of they ? the Doctor nod , terrify . doctor ay , my good Lord : you royal preparation make we hear something . macbeth if thou couldst , Doctor , cast the water of my land , find she disease , and purge it to a sound and pristine health , ( more ) 77 . macbeth ( cont 'd ) I would applaud thee to the very echo , that should applaud again . macbeth look expectantly at the Doctor . then : doctor the Queen , my Lord , be dead . macbeth stare at he , confuse for a second . his hand move to a strap of he armour but find it be not there . the Doctor watch he speechlessly . finally , he turn to Lady macbeth . he tread over . the reality of he loss sink in . macbeth she should have die hereafter : there would have be a time for such a word . he step forward to she . Close . the air tremor out of he . then , as though speak softly straight to she : macbeth ( cont 'd ) to-morrow , and to-morrow , and to-morrow , creep in this petty pace from day to day , to the last syllable of record time ; and all we yesterday have light fool the way to dusty death . his face crack a little but he hold himself in . he exhales , steadying , and collect she up in he arm . lift she from the bed , clutching she as if she 's still alive . macbeth ( cont 'd ) out , out , brief candle . life 's but a walk shadow ; a poor player , that strut and fret he hour upon the stage , and then be hear no more : it be a tale told by a idiot , full of sound and fury , signify nothing . he sit with the body . stroke she hair . tries to look down at she again but close he eye . lost. behind he , the maidservant start to cry . macbeth ( cont 'd ) what be that noise ? doctor it be the cry of woman , my good Lord . macbeth hardly seem to hear . holding he wife 's lifeless body in he arm . 78 . macbeth I have almost forget the taste of fear . the time have be , my sense would have cool ' have to hear a night - shriek ; and my fall of hair would at a dismal treatise rouse , and stir , as life be i not . I have supp have full with horror : direness , familiar to my slaughterous thought , can not once start I . as he peer down at she , a Messenger enter . macbeth barely look up . macbeth ( cont 'd ) thy story , quickly . messenger gracious my Lord , I should report that which I say I see , but know not how to do 't . macbeth 's face settles at this . he know what 's come . int . dunsinane castle / chamber - moment later macbeth stride through the castle chamber . a fatal determination in he now . Calling out : macbeth seyton ! -- I be sick at heart , when I behold -- seyton , I say ! silence . he sit on the throne . speak to himself : macbeth ( cont 'd ) this push will cheer I ever , or disseat I now . seyton hurry in . macbeth look up at he . quiet now . macbeth ( cont 'd ) I have liv have long enough : my way of life be fall 'o into the sere , the yellow leaf ; and that which should accompany old age , as honour , love , obedience , troops of friend , I must not look to have ; but in they stead , curse , not loud , but deep , mouth -honour , breath , which the poor heart would fain deny , and dare not . seyton ? seyton all be confirm have , my Lord , which be report . macbeth be expressionless . 79 . macbeth I will fight , till from my bone my flesh be hack have . give I my armour . seyton ' tis not need yet . macbeth launch up to he foot in sudden fury : macbeth I ' 1l put it on ! CUT to : ext . birnam wood - dusk flame rage around we , as ghoulish silhouettes of english soldier set torch to the tree of birnam wood . the blaze bathing the world in red , like a descent into hell . from out of they rank we find a lone figure : macduff , dress as a Scottish warrior , war- paint streaking he face . ext . dunsinane castle / plain - dusk smoke billow over the castle from the inferno . cloak it in the blackness of a false night . ext . dunsinane castle / battlement - dusk from the battlement , macbeth stare out at the burn landscape . other men from he army gather in behind he , they mouth gape in disbelief . the dark smoke be palling around they , blow from the fiery forest . birnam wood be entirely engulfed in flame across the plain , the blaze snake into the sky . within the dark plume of smoke , tiny ember of char wood float delicately towards the castle . glow bright orange , red and yellow , they mingle with the blackness of the fog . we follow one of the ember as it dance in the wind and eventually come to find ... ... macbeth 's palm , hold out in the air . he bring it back in . and we notice : he hand entirely still now . under control . 80 . macbeth ( hushed , to himself ) and now a wood come toward dunsinane . his mouth dry . his face become resolute . macbeth ( cont 'd ) Ring the alarum bell . Arm , arm , and out . ext . birnam wood - night macduff emerge from the flame onto the edge of the battlefield . armed . ready . he bellow for he nemesis : macduff tyrant , show thy face ! ext . dunsinane castle / plain - night macbeth and he few remain Soldiers appear from the gate of the castle into the red haze of the plain before it . amongst they , we can pick out some of the recruit that survive the battle with macdonwald . they be petrify , they leader now seem like a stranger to they . macbeth briefly check over he weaponry as he do in the open : the sword , the dagger . the warrior again . he stoops to fill he hand with black Scottish soil , daub it over he face . he then suck in a breath , savour what 's to come . and he start to walk forward fearlessly at the front of this meagre rank , sword hold aloft , right into the thick swirl of smoke . macbeth there be nor fly hence , nor tarrying here . I ‘gin to be aweary of the sun , and wish th’estate o’th ’world be now undone . blow , wind ! come , wrack ! at least we will die with harness on we back . suddenly out of the flame charge -- three english soldier . they attack macbeth , but he bring they each down with quick successive blow of he broadsword . macbeth ( cont 'd ) they have tie I to a stake : I can not fly , but , bear-like , I must fight the course . what 's he , that be not bear of woman ? such a one be I to fear , or none . 81. macbeth break into a run , take out two more soldier as he go . then three more . then another three . fearless , invincible . alone at the front of the fight . macbeth ( cont 'd ) why should I play the Roman fool , and die on mine own sword ? while I see life , the gashes do better upon they ... he stab he sword into another , brutal , when ... voice ( 0.s. ) turn , Hell -hound , turn ! at the cry , macbeth 's head stiffen . the voice familiar . he hesitates for a second , then turn slowly , sword in one hand , dagger in the other , to see : macduff walk towards he from the smoke , revenge sink into he feature . the other English Soldiers be hold back behind he . macbeth glance round . his own man be stand off too . as if allow this confrontation to take place . the war between nation rest on this two enemy 's fate . macbeth look back coolly . macbeth of all man else I have avoid thee , but get thee back , my soul be too much charg would with blood of thine already . macduff I have no word ; my voice be in my sword . macbeth ready himself . and at that -- macduff charge , sword raise . macbeth throw up he blade -- but macduff strike down in a storm of blow . macbeth dodging and counter fiercely . again and again macduff unleash attack with all he might - - but macbeth parry they all . a man without fear . force he opponent to tire himself . and , just as macduff flag a little -- macbeth seize the opportunity and launch forward , a unstoppable force . macduff desperately try to avoid he strike . his breath become more labour , he defence weaker . 82 . macbeth 's strike draw closer and closer to they target -- and suddenly he break through macduff 's guard and slashes he blade across he shoulder . macduff scream out and stumble back . macbeth look over at he . defiant . offer he survival . macbeth thou losest labour : as easy may’st thou the intranchant air with thy keen sword impress , as make I bleed . but macduff raise himself up again , beckone macbeth to come on , clenching he sword in he fist . macbeth lunge . macduff block . the two warrior duck and weave , macbeth heaving forth a series of heavy blow with he sword . but then , too confident now , macbeth overstretch himself in anger and -- macduff dodge aside and come back like lightning , slicing across macbeth 's stomach with he blade . macbeth stagger past he in shock . turn , furious , when suddenly ... he freeze . everything seem to still for a moment , as in the battle at the open . for , in the smoke behind macduff , macbeth catch sight of : four familiar figure advancing . the witch . present somehow before he on this battleground . macbeth stare at they . then -- he drive he broadsword into the ground and turn back to macduff , draw a lighter blade . willing he fate to come on . he hurl himself forward in a attack , parry blow after blow until he swipe he sword across macduff leg . macduff scream out , lash at macbeth again . but macbeth duck aside -- so macduff grapples he in a lock . slamming punch into he enemy 's flank , he exhaustion make they fight even more brutal now , more primitive . with a yell , macbeth shove macduff away and swing back with he sword . macduff reel away -- but macbeth close in , punching he in the face and headbutting he . 83 . macduff drop he weapon at the pain , try to grapple macbeth again -- but macbeth turn and use the momentum to throw he over he shoulder to the ground . he straddle he foe . hurl he fist down into macduff 's face again and again to weaken he . desperate now , macduff roll macbeth over , pull out a dagger and thrust down -- -- but macbeth catch he arm in the crook of he elbow and snap it just in time . macduff cry out in agony . in the instant macbeth heave he over onto he back again , rip the blade from macduff 's hand and drive it down at he neck when -- macduff throw up he hand to block the strike at the last second . macbeth force the blade down towards macduff 's throat , struggle hard against he desperate resistance . he speak , right into macduff 's face as he wrestle the point closer for the kill : macbeth ( cont 'd ) let fall thy blade on vulnerable crest ; I bear a charme life ; which must not yield to one of woman bear macduff gasp . the Witches still look on , as ... macduff despair thy charm ; and let the angel whom thou still hast serv have tell thee , macduff be from he mother 's womb untimely ripp have . at this , suddenly -- macbeth 's grip loosen . his eye deaden by the word . shock . thrown , he look up at that around he . and there , in the rank of the Soldiers , he see the young boy soldier . macbeth turn he gaze back to macduff . macbeth acurse be that tongue that tell I so , for it hath cow have my better part of man . macbeth lower he blade a little . Broken by this news . he sink back on he haunch , completely drain . macbeth ( cont 'd ) I ' 1l not fight with thee . 84 . seize he chance , still catch in the fight -- macduff lash out with he blade , slicing macbeth across the gut . macbeth flinch at the blow . then macduff strike again . distantly feel the pain , macbeth grip he wounded stomach . blood tumble out over he hand . but , summoning strength , he stand . turn he back on macduff . the nightmare he be in suddenly dawns on he . he look around the battlefield like he be waking from a dream . not understanding where he be or how he get here . a brief moment of clarity from the murky hell of he mind . he look back to he young Soldiers -- the one he lead into battle against macdonwald . but one by one , they drop they sword and walk away from he into the smoke . he meet seyton 's eye last of all . as seyton lower he gaze and follow after they . macbeth have be desert entirely , the last vestige of loyalty he man once owed he go . the truth of what he have become piercingly clear : a tyrant . a murderer . a forsaken warrior . alone . behind he , macduff rise up to he foot . macduff then yield thee , coward , and live to be the show and gaze o’th ’time : I will have thee , as we rarer monster be , paint upon a pole , and underwrit , '' here may you see the tyrant . '' macbeth turn back round to face he -- and make out the indistinct form of six man on horseback watch the fight . malcolm , rosse , angus and three english lord . at this sight , macbeth lock eye with macduff . refuse to give in to this humiliation . to surrender everything he have fight for . macbeth I will not yield , to kiss the ground before young malcolm 's foot , and to be bait with the rabble 's curse . though birnam wood be come to dunsinane , and thou oppos have , be of no woman bear , yet I will try the last . 85 . with painful effort , macbeth pull a last dagger from a sheath on he leg . he step towards macduff , urging it on . macbeth ( cont 'd ) before my body I throw my warlike shield : lay on , macduff ; and damn'd be he that first cry , ' hold , enough ! 's he reach out -- strong even in the face of he fate -- and clasp he arm around macduff 's neck . the two man stare into one another 's eye . and , finally , with all he force -- macduff drive he sword deep into macbeth 's gut , plunging it right through he for the fatal blow . macbeth 's face stiffen , freeze in a flicker of brief pain . blood pour out from he gut . macduff look into macbeth 's die face as macbeth cling to he . two warrior ruin by fate . still on they foot . until ... macduff yank he sword free . and , as one , they collapse down to the ground . fleck of ash and fire float in the air above they . on he knee , macbeth see the Witches finally turn they back on he and walk away . and , at long last , he eye lilt to a close . Dead . macduff stare . his sole reason to live now extinguish . in the quiet , malcolm , rosse , angus and the Three English thanes ride up to he on they horse . malcolm look down at the fall king . vestige of admiration still wrestle over he brow . once he hero . now he fall foe . malcolm he 's worth more sorrow , and that I ‘’1l spend for he . angus he 's worth no more . this way , my Lord ; the castle 's gently render have . at this , macduff look up to malcolm from macbeth 's break body , exhaust and drain . bitterly : 86 . macduff hail . King of Scotland . angus take up the call , turn to the Soldiers behind : angus hail , King of Scotland ! soldier ( 0.s ) hail , King of Scotland ! the sound of ten thousand voice echoe through the air . and malcolm ride on towards dunsinane Castle . the English army follow behind they new king . macduff watch row after row of english soldier in shine chain - mail march past the fall warrior before he . macbeth 's lifeless body be still upright on its knee , as if defy even death itself . cinder and ash swirl around they . CUT to : ext . dunsinane castle / plain - later Dawn sunlight creep in . the smoke have dissipate a little , the tree of birnam Wood still smoulder in the cool air . macbeth 's body be now coat in the ash that have fall around he . the ground black with it all . his figure desert in the middle of this desolate battlefield . then , the form of a young boy emerge from the smoke . he 's not in armour , but wrap in warm rag . he walk over to macbeth 's corpse and kneel at it , as we see -- it be fleance . he look wilder than before , neglect . but he study macbeth with fascination . then , with great effort , he walk over to macbeth 's sword in the ground and pull it free . int . dunsinane / great hall - day malcolm sit alone in the grand hall . Duncan 's iconic sword rest in he hand . the room prepare for he imminent coronation . he slowly unsheath the sword from its scabbard . and he arm begin to tremble . 87. whether from the weight of the ceremonial blade or the realisation of he new responsibility , we do not know . he stand and look round at the empty throne . at he crown rest on its seat . then , he turn towards the vast door of the chamber . from it a impenetrable shaft of light be beam down on he . he begin to walk towards it , sword in hand . as ... ext . dunsanine castle / plain - day fleance feel the weight of macbeth 's sword in he hand . he cast a glance back toward the loom castle behind he . then look round to the wood from which he come . as if he be able to see something in they that we can not . and there , we see that a thick wall of mist have form , just like in the open battle . its depth seem hungry , impenetrable . a rumble start to build from deep within it . fleance square himself up , breath tremble . he begin to walk towards the mist , the sword 's tip trail in the ash behind he . we track with he as he raise the weapon , heavy in he hand , and break to a run -- a sprint , wild , panting desperately -- when finally we plunge with he into the whiteness and ... SNAP to black for you consideration best adapted screenplay Todd louiso , Jacob koskoff , Michael lesslie base on the play macbeth by William Shakespeare y the weinstein company www.twcawards.com