macgruber by will forte , John Solomon & jorma taccone super over black : dzhugdzhur mountain , eastern siberia voice over cb ( in Russian ) ( static ) wombat , this be eagle nest . we have lose you position . int . military truck -- cab -- day close up : a cb radio dangle uselessly from it 's base . a few word in Russian can be hear through the static . voice over cb ( in Russian ) ( static ) repeat , we have lose you position . do you copy , wombat ? close up : a human hand lie limp and bleed on the passenger seat . blood drip from between the finger . voice over cb ( cont ’d ) ( in Russian ) ( static ) wombat ... ( long static ) where be the item ?! close up : a soldier 's face ; clearly dead . his eye and mouth be open , he brain splatter against the inside window of the cab . it 's a gruesome site . voice over cb ( cont ’d ) ( in Russian ) come in wombat ! ext . military truck -- day the camera track along the front of the truck where we find the body of another dead soldier before landing on a pair of boot lean up against the front of the truck . close up : Hand slam a clip into a iranian make mpt-9 k submachine gun and cock it . we pan up to reveal hoss bender , a evil look henchman . he raise the gun and aim it at a soldier run away in the distance . he let off a few loud crack of gun fire . the man fall , dead . hoss look up to see five black suv approach . hoss right on time . ( call out ) Zeke ! hurry the fuck up ! ext . military truck -- roof -- day close up - a industrial drill bit boring into metal . sfx : loud drill on the roof we find zeke pleshette , a wild - eye bald man with a pony tail . he wear aviator goggle and drill away at the roof while listen to headphone . he 's slightly crazy . zeke almost ... there . the drill bit go through . Zeke laugh with victory . Series of shot : Zeke unzipping a duffle bag , pull out a smoke grenade launcher , load a cartridge and shove the barrel into the hole . zeke ( cont 'd ) nighty night . Zeke pull the trigger . moment later , the suv arrive . several large man emerge with semi-automatic weapon . we track one of this man as he step from the lead car and approach the truck . the man circle around he . this be they leader -- dieter von cunth , 60 , handsome , charming . cunth be closely follow by constantine bach -- bald , no eyebrow , terrifying . Close behind they be hector and edwin culebra , both 39 , two large , scary look twin . dieter step forward , crush a cigarette under he boot . cunth open it . close on : the back door of the truck be open to reveal another set of door with a elaborate alarm mechanism . zeke I get it . Zeke take a descramble device from he duffel bag and hook it up to the alarm . the code be immediately break . airlock hiss as the door swing open . through the smoke , we reveal sleek metal wall -- this be no ordinary truck . Men in military uniform be strewn unconscious on the floor . in the middle of the truck be a nuclear missile with the letter '' x5t-337tvs '' write on the side . Zeke whistle reverently . cunth finally . voice ( 0.s. ) ( in Russian ) do not . you can not . cunth look down at the bloody body of a dying soldier . his hand pull at cunth 's pant leg . dying soldier ( in Russian ) please do not ! cunth sorry , I do not speak Russian . focus in on the gun barrel . cunth pull the trigger . blam ! smash to black : title card : macgruber ext . ande mountain -- day stock footage of a military helicopter buzzing over beautiful mountain range . Super : Rio bamba , ecuador int . helicopter -- day Lieutenant dixon piper , 28 , handsome , shout over the noise of the chopper to Colonel James faith , 50 , distinguished . piper Sir , I still do not understand why we have to come all the way out here . faith because , Lieutenant . we need the best . piper this guy 's that good ? faith yeah , he 's that good . piper but why can not we stay inside the department ? faith we need someone outside the system . someone they have never suspect . piper but sir , if this guy 's that good , will not they be tracking he ? faith not possible . piper why ? faith because ... he 's be dead for ten year . ext . monastery -- day piper and faith be lead through the majestic grounds by a small village boy . a bird caw in the distance . they arrive at a courtyard . seat in front of a large buddhist shrine , we find a man deep in meditation -- he wear a sleeveless monk robe and sport a stringy mullet . Colonel faith and Lieutenant piper approach quietly . cU -- faith 's boot step on a very small leaf . macgruber hello Colonel . faith hello macgruber . piper ( in awe ) macgruber ? macgruber how do you find I ? faith you forget , I teach you everything you know . from he seat position , macgruber do a backflip onto he foot . macgruber not everything , Colonel . music : there be a hint of a guitar wail faith smile . macgruber approach they . faith macgruber , this be Lieutenant dixon piper . Lieutenant , this be -- piper the legendary macgruber . former navy seal , army ranger and green beret . served six tour in Desert Storm , four in Bosnia , three each in angola , Somalia , rwanda , mozambique and Sierra leone . recipient of sixteen purple heart , three congressional medal of honor , seven presidential medal of bravery , and start tight end for the University of Texas El paso . macgruber do not forget , expendable government pawn . faith Mac , listen ... macgruber Colonel , with all due respect , whatever it be you be here for , the answer be no . ext . monastery ground -- day macgruber walk outside , surround by child . he softly pat they on they head as they yammer in Spanish . faith and piper follow . macgruber my life be here now . everything I care about be in this wall . I be aman of peace . this be my home . this be my people . one of the kid take he watch and run off . macgruber macgruber macgruber hey hey hey ! he ’1ll give it back . faith look , macgruber ... watch the kid run off . macgruber hang on ... just wanna see where he be go ... okay . faith two day ago , a Russian convoy be transport a high level asset and get jack . yesterday , reliable source inform we that the asset make its way to US soil . macgruber sorry Colonel , that 's not my problem anymore . faith macgruber ... it 's the x5 . be stunne . piper the x5 be one of the most powerful nuclear warhead in the -- macgruber yeah , I know what the x5 be . faith Lieutenant . can you give we a moment ? piper reluctantly walk away . macgruber faith look Mac , you be we only hope . we need you . you country need you . look off . macgruber I think I have give more than enough to my country already . faith Mac , if this be about casey . macgruber it 's not about casey ! it 's about a promise I make to myself . faith macgruber , listen . macgruber no , you listen ! I be out of the game ! faith well , the game have change ! macgruber but the player be the same ! faith macgruber , it 's cunth ! macgruber what ? faith we have reason to believe that the x5 be now in the possession of dieter von cunth . now I do not need to explain to you how dangerous a nuclear warhead can be in the hand of a man like cunth . macgruber cunth . faith macgruber , this be you chance to finally take he down . macgruber I be sorry , Jim . I can not do it . faith if you change you mind . faith hand he a dossier and leave . ext . monastery -- night establish shot . int . monastery -- macgruber 's room -- night Pan the room . it 's very spare . a few light candle . there be a weight bench set up with a ton of weight on it . a easel with a full - body nude self - portrait -- the penis be tiny . strewn on the floor be the content of the dossier : surveillance photo of the hijack , schematics of the x5 , and finally a large file on cunth . a large picture of cunth look rich and evil be tack to the wall . Pan over to macgruber who be toss and turn in he bed . dissolve to : ext . gazebo -- day -- dream sequence macgruber in a white tux . beside he be casey , 29 , beautiful , in a wedding dress . between they be a priest at a altar . the shot be like memory , close up and hazy . priest do you casey janine fitzpatrick take macgruber to be you lawfully wedd husband ? white flash - black suv . window roll down to reveal cunth . casey I do . cunth raise a glass of champagne . macgruber be suspicious . the shot become more distort . priest and do you , macgruber , take casey janine fitzpatrick to be you lawfully wedd wife ? white flash - macgruber look down just as the Priest turn the page in he Bible revealing a small area cut out with a C - 4 explosive and a flash red light ! macgruber noooococo ! macgruber lung at casey . casey be terrify . cunth press a detonator . a flash of a explosion ( stock ) . casey 's face disappear as fire engulf the screen . a burn bouquet land on the lawn in slo-mo . macgruber fall to the ground , a piece of casey 's wedding veil in he hand . macgruber aaaaaaaaah ! smash back to : int . monastery -- macgruber 's room -- night macgruber bolt up in he bed , drench in sweat . macgruber aaaaaaaaah ! macgruber grab a kerosene lamp and throw it at cunth 's picture . push in on cunth 's photo as flame start to lick the wall . a flash of lightning and thunder bring we to a ... ext . cemetery -- night Super : pueblo , Colorado , USA macgruber approach a headstone . there 's a clap of thunder . reveal the headstone -- casey janine fitzpatrick -- bear April 24 , 1965 , die July 4 , 1999 Pan to a gravestone next to it : macgruber -- bear June 17 , 1963 , die July 4 , 1999 macgruber drop a duffel bag to the ground , pull out a shovel and with much gusto , strike into the earth . ext . cemetery -- later that night huge mound of dirt by the grave . macgruber be barely visible inside as he continue to shovel . he hit coffin . Inside the hole , macgruber use a cro-bar to pry open the coffin . his face have a intense look on it as he come face to face with he former life . reveal the content of the coffin : macgruber 's ll bean adventure wear . shot of he foot as he monk robe drop to the ground . we hear a clap of thunder . we hear raindrop start to fall . 10 . cu shot of macgruber put on he shirt , vest , jeans , ll bean boot . macgruber tear away a portion of the coffin feel to expose a secret compartment with a high tech digital lock . he punch in a code and press he thumb to a fingerprint scanner . the compartment pop open and we reveal its content : one swiss army knife . he tuck it in he vest pocket . it 's pour rain now . from above the grave , we see two hand grip the side of the muddy grave as macgruber pull himself out . shot of the headstone as two foot step into frame . Pan up the body to see macgruber in full costume -- he face incredibly intense . macgruber aaaaaaaaaaaaaah ! lightn strike . the camera pull above macgruber with a big woosh . ext . pentagon -- day aerial establish shot ( stock footage ) Super : Pentagon , Arlington , Virginia , USA int . pentagon -- day macgruber burst through a set of double door . macgruber I be in . reveal a group of lab assistant eat lunch . they look up , clearly confuse . lab assistant I be sorry ? int . pentagon -- moment later macgruber burst through a new set of double door . macgruber I be in . reveal faith , piper and other high level military officer in a high to mid-tech command center . 11 . faith macgruber , thank God . macgruber on one condition ... I get to kill cunth . no judge , no jury . faith on the record : no way . off the record : yes . macgruber Works for I . so what do we know so far ? piper very little , unfortunately . for the past ten year , we have be watch cunth like a hawk , but he 's very good at keep he hand clean . the guy do not make mistake . he 's too good . macgruber I be actually talk to the Colonel . Colonel ? faith everything piper just say be correct . macgruber ( to piper ) thank you . Colonel . faith lucky for we , cunth still need passcode to make the damn thing operational . piper but they 'il be look for that next . macgruber oh , will they , rookie ? faith it be imperative that they do not get that passcode . macgruber I understand . faith I be not gonna lie to you . this be a very tall order . Word on the street be that cunth 's put together a team of the most ruthless criminal this planet have to offer . 12 . faith motion to a cork board with various picture on it . faith hoss Bender , Zeke pleshette , Constantine bach , the culebra twin . it 's a veritable dream team of killer . macgruber well , then I 'il just have to put together my own dream team ... of killer stopper . faith regard that . Lieutenant piper here be one of the best and brightest on the force . he will be you eye and ear on this thing . macgruber stare dagger at piper . macgruber I get a better idea : no fuck way . macgruber storm out . int . pentagon -- hallway -- moment later piper run after macgruber , faith follow . piper look , macgruber , I know I be not what you expect -- macgruber let I guess , one year out of the academy , zero combat experience , little punk think he shit do not stink . piper look , if you just give I a shot -- macgruber give this a shot . 13. macgruber quickly whip around piper 's back , jam he arm against he back then smashes piper 's face into a desk , knock he to the floor . piper aaaggh ! my freaking nose ! macgruber do not ever pair I up with some piss ant , faith . this mission be far too important for that . now , if you 'il excuse I , it 's time to round up a real team . ext . parking garage -- day Music : a bad - ass jam kick in cu -- macgruber pull off a car cover cU -- key in ignition . we hear a engine fire up cu -- car light flip up cu -- macgruber 's hand as he put on leather drive glove cu -- macgruber put on sunglass with leather blinder cU -- foot press accelerator pedal cu -- rpm racing into the red cU -- a license plate which read '' Mac 1 '' cU -- hand turn the radio station Music : the bad - ass jam change to soft rock cU -- shift gear reveal macgruber slowly pull out of the parking garage in he tight little red miata . ext . gym parking lot -- day Super : Pierre , South dakota , USA macgruber park the miata diagonally across two space so as to avoid ding , turn off the music , pull the portable car stereo out and take it with he as he go to : 14 . int . gym -- day hulk man pump iron . on the bench press be frank korver , 36 , a big tank of a man . as he struggle to get he last rep , hand come into frame , offer a spot . frank I get it Rico . I get it . ahhhhh ! with one final push , Frank heave up the weight . macgruber ( 0.s. ) same old Frank . always want to go it alone . Frank sit up and turn to see he old friend , macgruber . frank macgruber ! think you be dead ! Frank jump up and bear-hug he . macgruber last time I see you , you have a grenade in one hand and a m - 16 in the other . frank and you have one very angry insurgent try to introduce you to the business end of a machete . macgruber do not remind I . so look like you be keep you bod pretty tight . frank you do not look so bad yourself . macgruber well everyday be a workout when you gotta carry around a twenty pound python in you jeans . frank you and you dick comment . macgruber well , it 's fun to say they . 15 . frank you rip any throat out lately ? macgruber it 's be a while . not even sure I would remember how it 's do anymore . frank we have some good time , do not we ? macgruber we have some great time . we be about to have some more . macgruber give he a serious look . frank uh oh . I know that look . macgruber I need you Frank . it 's serious . frank then I be in . macgruber I know I could count on you . they clasp hand . cu : a list of name . Frank korver be at the top of it . macgruber put a check by he name . ext . desert -- day establish shot of a lone cabin in the desert . Super : elko , nevada , USA ext . desert -- day tanker lutz , 41 , tattooe and shirtless , take a drag off a cigarette , flick it away , grab a handgun and start fire . tin can get pluck off a fence , one by one . tanker roll over to a saw - off shotgun , cock it and fire . a mannequin head explode . he cock , dive on the ground , roll and and fire again . 16 . a jug of milk meet its maker . he grab a ax and throw it . a watermelon with a smiley face draw on it get slice in half . tanker somersault forward and slice a mannequin 's neck -- sand pour out . he grab a machine gun plant in the mannequin 's arm and shoot up a old rusty car with a bunch of dummy in it . he roll to the side , grab a flamethrower and flame a tree . macgruber whistle . tanker instinctively turn and fling a knife at macgruber 's head -- macgruber catch it between he hand . macgruber same old tanker . macgruber fling the knife back at tanker 's head -- tanker catch it between he hand . tanker same old macgruber . cu : list . macgruber put a check by the name tanker lutz . int . warehouse -- day macgruber walk up to a guy who 's welding a cool modern abstract art statue . macgruber tap he on the shoulder . the welder turn and remove he welding mask to reveal vernon freedom , 41 , lanky . they shake hand . cu : list . macgruber put a check next to Vernon freedom . ext . sidewalk -- day a homeless guy , tug phelp , 42 , sit on the sidewalk hold out a cup . he have a sign which say '' homeless vet need you help . '' macgruber put a grenade in he change cup . the homeless guy look up and smile . they shake hand . cu : list -- he put a check next to the name tug phelps . 17 . ext . bmx park -- day a guy do some cool freestyle street trick as a cameraman videotape it . he skid over to a group of kid who eagerly wait for autograph . he pull off he helmet to reveal tut beemer , 39 . cu -- autograph pad hold by kid 's hand . over the top of they , come a pair of hairy man hand hold a pair of underwear in one hand and a sharpie in the other . tut look up . reveal macgruber who break into a sly smile . tut shake he head and smile . cu : list -- he put a check next to the name tut beemer . Pan down to the last name on the list : Vicki St. elmo ext . VICKI ’'s house -- day macgruber walk up to the door , steel himself and knock . VICKI ( 0.s. ) come in . int . VICKI 's house -- day macgruber step into the house . VICKI ( 0.s. ) be right there . macgruber look around . there be clock of all different size and shape on the wall . VICKI ST . elmo , 32 , beautiful , enter . when she see macgruber , she drop the clock she 's hold . macgruber hi Vicki . VICKI I think you be dead . macgruber so do I . but I be not . I be alive and I be put together a team . VICKI well , good for you . 18 . macgruber no , good for we . and good for America . and good for fan of justice and truth . because you be on that team . VICKI sorry , macgruber . I be out of the game . macgruber I say the same thing ina monastery about three day ago . but I change my mind . have you change yours ? VICKI macgruber , I can not . macgruber do not you see ? we need you . you be the best timer in the business . VICKI not anymore . I have lose the edge . on the wall , we see the clock strike one . at precisely the same time , every clock in the house ding in unison . macgruber really ? cuz from what I just hear , sound to I like you have still get it . VICKI macgruber ! the answer be no . macgruber just give I one good reason . Vicki be lose in think . dissolve to : ext . gazebo -- day macgruber and casey stand at the altar . reveal Vicki stand behind casey , she may of honor . she smile big . macgruber ( 0.s. ) nooooo0c0000 ! 19 . suddenly , Vicki be spray with blood , bone and piece of face . dissolve to : int . VICKI 's house -- day VICKI I lose my best friend that day . macgruber I do too . and now we have a chance to get revenge . VICKI revenge ? macgruber it 's cunth . Vicki look down . this hit she hard . VICKI sorry macgruber , I can not help you out . macgruber if you change you mind . macgruber hand she a crumpled up piece of paper . as she reach for it , they hand touch -- hint of sexual tension . macgruber it 's good to see you , Vicki . macgruber leave . when he 's out the door , she open up the piece of paper . scribble in very poor handwrite : '' I be at the pentogon . '' ext . tarmac -- day macgruber 's team be strapped into the van . macgruber all right , you guy strapped in ? all you get it , grube ! / lock and load !/ fuck yeah !/ let 's do this ! a grey sedan pull up . piper and faith get out . 20 . macgruber shit . I gotta go deal with the brass . hang tight . macgruber close the door and walk over to piper and faith . piper 's nose be bandage . faith talk on a cell phone . faith yes , Mr. President , I understand . ( to macgruber ) one second , grube . macgruber nod : take you time . macgruber how 's you nose , rookie ? piper up yours . macgruber I forget . the last time I see you , do I remember to tell you how ugly I think you be ? piper no , you do not . macgruber well , I think you be really ugly . piper well , I think you be look in the mirror . macgruber you wanna go ? piper anytime , anyplace . macgruber I be start to like this guy ... just kid . I still hate you . piper well , I hate you . macgruber you wanna go ?! macgruber push piper . piper push back . faith hang up . 21 . faith guy , cool it ! so macgruber , we hear you have recruit quite a team . macgruber quite a team ? yeah , you could say that . Frank korver , tanker lutz , tut beemer , tug phelps , Vernon freedom , moi . yeah , I have say it 's a pretty good team . faith look , I 'il cut to the chase . be you sure you will not change you mind about let piper here join the team ? he could be quite a asset . macgruber oh , I would love to , but the van 's pretty full . see , it 's fill with american heroes with over a hundred year of combine combat experience and a whole lot of brotherhood -- and that 's stuff you can not get ina simulator , rookie . so thanks for the offer , but I would never work with you in a million fuck year . and no , you can not ride in the trunk , because the trunk be fill with over 75 pound of high - grade c4 explosive and about 3000 loose round of hollow point -- the van explode into a million piece . debris rain everywhere . sporadic pop of hollow - point bullet go off like popcorn . macgruber oh fuck ! oh no ! no . this be not happen . oh ... macgruber run over to the van and start search through the sea of twisted metal and body part . macgruber oh no no no no no no no no . tanker ? Vernon ? anyone ? tut ? tug ? you guy okay ? oh God , no ! overhead shot of macgruber cry on he knee amid the rubble . macgruber nooooc0000000000000000 ! 22. int . pentagon -- faith 's office -- day macgruber , wear a all black suit and black sunglass , stare out the window . faith sit at he desk . a clock tick in the background . faith they be nice funeral . macgruber yeah . what would you think of my eulogy ? faith they be very ... touch . I might have cut down on the F -word a little . macgruber well , they be fuck great guy . and this be a fuck asshole of a day . faith I know . it 's just that they kid be there . macgruber they leave . faith because of you use of heavy language . macgruber I should have be in that van . faith but you be not . macgruber no , I be not . and nobody 's gonna regret that more than cunth . faith macgruber , about that . look , I be take you off the case . macgruber I be sorry , I must have hear wrong . because I think I just hear you say '' macgruber , about that . look , I be take you off the case . '' 23 . faith I do . verbatim . macgruber goddamn it , Jim , you can not do that ! I gotta see this thing through . I be the best chance you get ! you tell I yourself at the monastery ! faith but the game have change ! macgruber but the player be the same ! faith I do not like this any better than you , but you have be through a very traumatic experience . you be too close . and without a team behind you , I just can not chance it . I be sorry , grube . faith exit . macgruber look out the window , bum . piper enter . piper Sir , I -- ( notice macgruber ) oh . it 's you . look macgruber , I be sorry for you loss . macgruber piper , you gotta help I . they want to kick I off the mission . piper well , under the circumstance -- macgruber fuck you , dickhead ! piper turn to exit . macgruber wait , wait , wait ! I do not mean that . look , I owe you a apology . piper what do you want , macgruber ? macgruber join my team . 24 . piper what ? macgruber join my new team and tell the Colonel I can do this . piper I can not do that . macgruber okay , do not make I beg here . cuz I will do it . ( start break down ) I be so sorry . I be so goddamn sorry . look , I be freaking out here . I kill they . I kill they all . I be so fuck stupid . ( through sob ) I ... do not ... know ... what ... I be ... do ... and ... every ... body ... hate ... I ... macgruber breathes for a while until he gain composure . macgruber look , I will suck you dick . I will suck you fuck dick . I will do it , just join my team . i’1l suck you dick . you can fuck I or get fuck by I . you can watch I fuck something . just point at something , I 'il fuck it for you . just tell I what you want I to fuck ! piper Jesus Christ , macgruber . piper shut the door then turn back to see macgruber with he pants off , brace for a fuck against the desk . macgruber okay , I do not have any lubricant . do you see any white - out ? or like copy toner should work . piper Jesus Christ , put you pants back on . what the fuck be you do ? macgruber I do not know ! I do not know what I be do ! I be so fuck ! 25 . macgruber crumple to the ground , cry -- it 's a pitiful sight . piper actually feel kind of sorry for he . piper come on , macgruber . it 's not so bad . macgruber it 's not ? the man who kill my wife be in control of a nuclear warhead and I can not do a goddamn thing about it and it 's not so bad ? piper cunth kill you wife ? macgruber nod . piper I be sorry . I do not know . macgruber well , it 's not the kind of thing you broadcast . every time I hear he name or see he face , I think of what he do to casey and what he take away from I . and I do not want that to happen to anybody else . piper be deep in think . faith enter . faith macgruber , we have a chopper ready to take you back to ecuador . macgruber well , Colonel . sorry I let you down . piper . macgruber nod to piper . piper can see the pain in macgruber 's eye . macgruber turn for the door . piper I be in . faith Lieutenant -- piper I be in , I be on the team . macgruber turn back . he can not believe what he 's hearing . 26 . macgruber really ? faith sorry Lieutenant , two people do not make a team . VICKI ( 0.s. ) but three do . reveal Vicki in the doorway with a roll suitcase . macgruber Vicki ? VICKI I hear about what happen . think you could use some help . macgruber smile at she . macgruber dixon piper , Vicki St. elmo . the finest timer in the business . well Colonel , look like I get myself a new team . faith look like you do , macgruber . look like you do . we push in on macgruber dramatically . macgruber time to go pound some cunth . Music : a bad ass jam kick in . ext . las vega strip -- night stock footage aerial establish shot of the strip . Super : Las Vegas , nevada , USA ext . alley way -- night the miata pull up behind a club with a neon sign read '' Club Ice '' . macgruber , piper and Vicki get out of the miata . VICKI what be we do here , macgruber ? 27 . macgruber it 's simple , Vicki . cunth own this place . if we wanna find where the passcode deal be go down , we gotta turn over some stone . a guy drive by in a Honda Civic . dude ( 0.c. ) Nice car , dickhead . macgruber fuck you ! ( follow car with eye ) k fbr 392 , k fbr 392 , k fbr 392 ... piper so we be gonna see if we can not make some contact , gather some intel ? macgruber something like that . macgruber stride with purpose toward the back entrance . macgruber ( to himself ) k fbr 392 , k fbr 392 , k fbr 392 ... int . night club -- night macgruber step up to the bartender . bartender can I help you ? macgruber yeah , I 'il have the x5 . macgruber slam the bartender 's head against the bar . macgruber ( to Vicki and piper ) he do not know anything . ( to entire club ) turn off the music . turn off the music ! macgruber jump onstage , grab a microphone and put Vicki in a headlock . macgruber turn off the fucking music or I will kill this woman ! the dj turn off the music . macgruber let Vicki go . macgruber do not worry . she 's with I , she 's safe . but I can not say the same for the rest of you . macgruber throw a bottle against the wall . macgruber now I be sure some of you guy be just here on vay-cay . but most of you be big piece of shit . now who here work for dieter von cunth ? nobody ? yeah , I would not want to admit it either if I be work for a enemy of the UNITED states of america -- 28 . macgruber throw the mic at the bar . a few bottle break . macgruber -- who also happen to kill people 's wife , he kill mine . that 's right . this guy be up to something incredibly illegal and astoundingly deadly '' allegedly , '' I should say that for legal purpose . I can not tell you what it be because it be top secret , but rest assure many of you and you family member will die as a result . but do not worry , cuz I be come for he and I be go to kill he . who be I ? my name be macgruber . remember that name . Capital m-a-c - Capital g-r-u - b-e-r . macgruber turn over a table . macgruber to my right be Vicki with a ' i’ St. elmo -- ( hand she a bottle ) throw the bottle . VICKI no. 29 . macgruber and Lieutenant dixon piper . we be the people who be go to stop dieter von cunth from use he '' alleged '' nuclear bomb , I do not say that . anyone want to find I , I will be at the Java Hut tomorrow at 2:00 pm . have a great evening . ( to bartender ) Excuse I , be there a security camera here ? the bartender point to a camera . macgruber flip it off with both hand and exit . Vicki and piper follow . ext . alley way -- night macgruber try to walk off the adrenaline . macgruber woo ! that go great . piper macgruber , what the hell be that ? macgruber what ? we be send a message . and I think it will be receive loud and clear . VICKI yeah , that 's what I be worried about . macgruber why ? piper he think you be dead . that be a huge advantage . now he will be come for we . macgruber exactly , it 's all part of the plan . piper what be the plan ? macgruber well , I kind of make it up as I go . piper that 's not really a plan then . 30 . macgruber okay , so it 's not a plan . look , I be not good with plan . and I be not good with clue . what I be good with be kick ass and rip throat . so cunth be gonna come after I ? well , bring it the fuck on . cuz then he will be on my turf , play my game , and that 's not a game I plan on lose . int . cunth 's mansion -- day cunth paint a nude model in she 70 . Constantine enter . Music : classical constantine sorry to disturb you , Dr. cunth -- cunth shoe . constantine sorry . Constantine remove he shoe . constantine we have a little problem . cunth be everything on schedule ? constantine yes . cunth then what 's the problem ? constantine I think you better take a look at this . Constantine hand cunth a surveillance photo of macgruber flipping off the camera with both hand . cunth well well well , macgruber . when be this take ? 31 . constantine late last night . Sir , he be at the club . cunth look like we have a fly in the ointment . constantine what do you want I to do ? cunth round up a couple of flyswatter . ext . macgruber 's trailer -- day a junky trailer sit at the base of a mountain . the miata and piper 's surveillance van be park nearby . int . macgruber 's trailer -- day piper exit the bathroom and see macgruber from behind . piper macgruber , you toilet be disgusting . macgruber turn to reveal that it 's Vicki in macgruber clothes and wig . macgruber step out from behind a cabinet . macgruber gotcha ! pretty good , huh ? VICKI can we talk about this please ? macgruber start spruce she up . macgruber there 's nothing to talk about . everybody know rat like cheese . and you Vicki be the cheese . VICKI but why can not you be the cheese ? macgruber because I be the rat trap . VICKI ( not okay ) okay . 32 . macgruber what 's wrong ? VICKI it 's just , usually the rat eat a little bit of the cheese before the trap be sprung . macgruber ha. oh Vicki . piper I gotta say , I have serious concern about this operation . macgruber then there 's the goddamn door . piper no , I be just concerned about Vicki 's safety . macgruber if you think I have let that monster cunth touch a hair on Vicki 's head , then you be sorely mistaken . VICKI thank you . macgruber he 'il get close to she , possibly dangerously close . and of course , in this line of business , anything can happen . but I know that Vicki can take care of herself . now , you ready ? VICKI no . macgruber do not worry , when you turn around at gunpoint and they see that it 's not I , they be gonna be so furious , they be not gonna know what to do . and that 's when we get ‘em . Vicki look very worried . macgruber look at she for a beat . macgruber hm. 33 . VICKI what ? macgruber you just look really pretty . VICKI thank you ? ext . java hut -- day as soft rock blare , Vicki park the miata across two space , grab the car stereo and head for the coffee shop entrance . ext . surveillance van -- day park on a suburban street . macgruber ( 0.s. ) all right vick ... int . surveillance van -- day macgruber and piper wear headsets and watch Vicki on a video monitor . macgruber ... if we be gonna draw this bastard out , he 's gotta think he 's get eye on the real live macgruber . int . java hut -- day Vicki , wear a earpiece , look up at a poorly mount surveillance camera . VICKI okay . macgruber ( 0.s. ) now do not worry , we get you back . we be only seven block away and if anything go down ... VICKI Seven block ? macgruber ( 0.s. ) okay , you get I . about twenty block . ( more ) 34 . macgruber ( 0.s. ) ( cont would ) but if anything go down , we will be right there . now , see any dirtbag , any people of interest we should get in we crosshair ? VICKI no but um , I feel like when I talk too much , people be stare at I because it look like I be talk to myself and that 's maybe attract attention . a cashier be stare at Vicki . VICKI ( cont 'd ) also , I be at the counter so I should order . macgruber ( 0.s. ) no problem , just do exactly as I say and we ’1ll be up to we neck in cunth . VICKI eeew. ( to cashier ) I would like a small latte . macgruber ( 0.s. ) no no no . macgruber would never order that . it 's all about the large tazo tea . VICKI can I change that to a large tazo tea ? cashier sure . anything else ? macgruber ( 0.s. ) no ! VICKI no . cashier okay , that will be 3.45 . Vicki hand she a five . the woman give she change . Vicki put the change in the tip jar . VICKI thank you . 35 . macgruber ( 0.s. ) no Vicki ! no tip ! no tip ! Vicki grab the change back out of the tip jar . the cashier watch she . Vicki feel guilty . VICKI sorry . macgruber ( 0.s . ) you have nothing to apologize for . they get pay to serve you . now go down to the end of the counter and wait for you coffee ... further ... further ... stop stop stop . the cashier hand Vicki she drink . int . surveillance van -- day macgruber and piper watch Vicki on the monitor . macgruber now with you leave hand , remove the lid and place it on the counter . put in three splenda packet and stir with you right hand . hurry up , I do it faster . okay , now -- suddenly the van be riddled with bullet . macgruber and piper dive for cover . macgruber down ! down ! down ! down ! int . java hut -- day Vicki follow what she think be order for she and dive to the floor . ext . suburban STREET -- day hoss Bender riddle the van with bullet . int . surveillance van -- day macgruber and piper lie on the bottom of the van . piper try to shoot back through the window . 36 . macgruber aaaaaaaaaaaaaa ! shiiiiiiiiiiiiit ! heeeeeeeeeeeeeeelp ! aaaaaaaaaaaaa ! int . coffee shop -- day Vicki scream bloody murder . people look at she , concerned . VICKI nooooo000 ! nooooo ! oh my gooood ! int . surveillance van -- day as hoss reload , piper try to return fire through the front of the van . macgruber Hand I that Swiffer ! piper I be a little busy at the moment . macgruber damn it , hand I that Swiffer and that be a order ! piper Fine ! piper hand he the Swiffer and then continue fire . macgruber use the Swiffer to put the car into drive and then lower the swiffer to the accelerator pedal and jam it down . macgruber / piper aaaaaaaaaah ! ext . suburban STREET -- day the van lurch forward at hoss . he try to move out of the way , but it come too fast . the van run into he and then plow forward until it hit a industrial dumpster , turn hoss into a human pancake . int . java hut -- day Vicki sob uncontrollably . the cashier try to comfort she . macgruber ( 0.s. ) Vicki ? 37 . VICKI oh my God , you be alive ? macgruber ( 0.s. ) yeah . wait there . we ’1ll be there in a second . VICKI okay . Vicki start to calm down . VICKI ( timidly , to coffee shop ) my teammate be get shot at . ext . surveillance van -- day macgruber and piper get out of the van . piper Nice work with that Swiffer . macgruber that would be a good commercial for they product . piper I be not sure it would be . reveal hoss -- it be a gruesome sight . macgruber hoss Bender , dead at the age of who the fuck care . ext . coffee shop - day macgruber and piper pull up in the bullet- riddled van and get out . Vicki walk outside . she give macgruber a huge hug . VICKI oh macgruber , do not do that to I again . macgruber be you all right ? VICKI I be just really glad you be okay . 38 . macgruber thank you , Vicki . they look at each other for a beat . we sense that there could be something there . piper clear he throat . VICKI oh , sorry . Vicki give piper a cordial hug . VICKI what happen ? macgruber hoss Bender happen . and now he happen to be dead . we little charade work perfectly . piper and Vicki share a glance . VICKI you guy get any intel on the x5 ? macgruber no , but we do get this . macgruber hold up car key . they hear a approach siren . piper we better get this van off the street . ext . suburban STREET - day as many siren wail in the background , macgruber , piper and Vicki walk along the sidewalk . macgruber press the alarm button until he finally hear a chirp from a black cadillac . ext . cadillac - day Vicki and piper open a duffle bag in the trunk , revealing hundred of thousand of dollar . macgruber oh mama , that 's a whole lot of wampum . piper walk over hold a gps system . 39 . piper he 's get like every strip club in the city program in here . Vicki hold up a leather bound organizer . VICKI that 's weird , he 's get a appointment this afternoon and all it say be std . std . do that mean anything to you ? macgruber yes . piper unless I be mistaken , std be a old railroad code . macgruber that 's what it mean to I too . railroad . piper the old stansfield rail yard be locate about ten mile from here . let I pop that into this gps . ( enter code ) well , what do you know . it 's already route . macgruber what do you say we go get ourselves some passcode ? piper but if hoss do not show up , they 'il abort the drop . macgruber who say hoss be not gonna show up ? int . cadillac -- day Vicki drive dress up like hoss Bender -- clothes and wig . VICKI why do I have to be hoss ? macgruber sit shotgun . macgruber because you be good at what you do . 40 . piper sit in the back seat dress up as macgruber in he clothes and wig . piper and why do I have to be you ? macgruber look piper , I be run the show around here . so when I give a order , you will follow it with a smile on you face and a big '' yes sir . '' all right ? piper ( smile fakely ) yes sir . macgruber point at he , impressed . ext . rail yard -- day from behind industrial equipment , macgruber , Vicki , and piper scope out a warehouse . two guard be on either side of the entrance , a third on the roof -- all have sub-machine gun . piper look like there be three guard here and two at the south entrance . macgruber so if we take this three guard out of the equation ? piper then it 's three on two , we will have the advantage . macgruber well , keep in mind , one of we three be a woman . VICKI ( sarcastic ) thanks , macgruber . macgruber no , I mean that in a good way . you count as like one and a half people . macgruber shoot a look at piper which show that he do not truly mean it . 41 . macgruber so once we take out the guard , Vicki will drive in dress as hoss and we will just see what happen . you ready ? piper so we be just gonna wing it ? macgruber that 's the plan . Vicki have a look of terror on she face . piper again , that 's not a-- macgruber piper ?! piper smile through gritt tooth . piper yes sir . macgruber okay , let 's do this thing . piper load clip into two handgun and pass one to macgruber . macgruber no thanks . piper what ? macgruber macgrubie do not play like homey . and homey do not play like that . piper so it 's true what they say about you . you do not use gun . macgruber gun be for the weak . gun be for the stupid . no offense . piper but this man be train soldier . 42 . macgruber look , you be more than welcome to use you gun . but I ? I be gonna use this . macgruber point to he brain , then look inside a dumpster . macgruber let 's see , what do we get here ? macgruber grab a bunch of thing and place they in front of he . the item : a carrot , bug spray , copper wire , some brad , a tar shingle , a pine cone and a dirty old salad bowl . piper what be you do ? macgruber make a little distraction . macgruber peel the carrot with he swiss Army knife . ext . rail yard warehouse -- day Three guard stand watch . suddenly , a odd noise be hear echoing off the building . guard what the hell be that ? the guard look around , gun at the ready . the noise get louder . guard Pov - look leave and right around the desert rail yard , finally the camera pan up to find macgruber on the roof of a small building , dance around completely naked ( except for he boot ) with a carrot in he ass . guard what the fuck ? macgruber now ! piper jump up from behind a dumpster . he see macgruber and be temporarily stunne . macgruber now ! now ! piper finally snap to it and shoot the three man with a silencer and then run over to macgruber . 43 . piper I gotta admit , it work . macgruber yeah , you do have to admit it . and you know who else have to admit it ? that three dead guy . piper they be dead because I shot they . as macgruber get dress : macgruber because they be distract . now , piece of advice , you ever try this , you be gonna wanna go with the thick end -- seem counter - intuitive , but ... piper look , you be waste you time . I be never ever gonna do that . macgruber never ever say never ever . okay , follow I . macgruber and piper sneak into the warehouse . int . rail yard warehouse -- day as Zeke and Constantine wait for hoss , a bodyguard stand by a hummer protect a man in a suit who hold a briefcase . from a catwalk , macgruber and piper look on . piper that 's Constantine bach and Zeke pleshette . macgruber and if I be not mistaken -- which I never be -- that briefcase - carry motherfuck have the passcode . ( into wrist mic ) okay Vicki , it 's go time . ext . rail yard warehouse -- day Vicki wait in the cadillac , still dress as hoss. 44 , VICKI do I really have to do this ? int . rail yard warehouse -- day macgruber talk into wrist mic . macgruber yes , Vicki , you really do . now start that car . ext . rail yard warehouse -- day Vicki reluctantly start the car and drive slowly toward the warehouse . int . rail yard warehouse -- day macgruber talk into the wrist mic . macgruber Vicki , America thanks you for you bravery . and if for some reason , you do not make it out of this , at some point , I 'il let America know what you do today and I be sure you will get a posthumous medal , or a certificate at the very least . ext . rail yard warehouse -- day Vicki drive , freak out as macgruber continue talk . macgruber ( 0.s . ) and I will make sure you get a full military burial . get ‘em for that other guy , I can get one for you . okay , I can see you light now . just keep drive in slowly and let 's see what happen . int . rail yard warehouse -- day macgruber lean over to piper . macgruber this be so exciting . 45 . ext . rail yard warehouse -- day Vicki 's very close to the entrance now . macgruber continue . macgruber ( 0.s. ) now head through the entrance . slowly . do not worry . remember , they think you be hoss Bender so it 's gonna take they a little -- the moment the car enter : zeke that 's not hoss ! the man immediately spray the car with bullet . Vicki duck down , put the car in reverse , slam she foot on the accelerator , and haul ass out of the warehouse . sfx : crash ! from the catwalk , piper open fire on the man . he shoot and kill the bodyguard as macgruber start to mix some sort of concoction together in the salad bowl . piper what be you do ? macgruber make a homemade grenade ! Constantine open fire on the catwalk . piper manage to kill the man with the briefcase . Zeke grab the case and run . macgruber can I borrow you gun ? I need something to stir this with ! piper no , I be use it right now ! use you finger ! macgruber watch you fuck tone ! piper aim at zeke and pull the trigger : click ! no bullet . piper shit ! from a ankle holster piper draw a .38 snub nose revolver , aim at Zeke in the distance , take a deep breath and ... blam ! shoot Zeke in the head , kill he . 46 . Constantine grab the case and slip out of the warehouse . piper chase after he . macgruber follow , stir the ingredient in the bowl with he finger . ext . rail yard warehouse -- day piper and macgruber run to the back entrance just in time to see Constantine jump into a car and speed away . piper fire at he but he 's too far away . macgruber take a gooey pine cone out of the bowl , take a match out of he vest pocket , light the pine cone and then throw it in the direction of the car . but the pine cone only go about twenty foot and then stop . after a beat : sfx : pop ! macgruber goddamn it ! that 's why you can not stir with you finger , cuz then you hand 's too sticky to get ina good throw . piper oh God , Vicki ! the guy sprint away . ext . rail yard warehouse -- day they race to the crash cadillac . they fling open the door to find Vicki , crouch inside , scared shitless . macgruber Vicki ! be you all right ? VICKI yeah . just a little shake up . macgruber well , shake it off , tough lady , we get work to do . let 's skedaddle . piper should not we check the dead guy for clue ? macgruber yeah , okay . yes. 47 . int . rail yard warehouse -- day all of the dead man be laid out side by side . piper this cell phone be all we get . macgruber then we better make the most of it . because at this point , this be we only connection to the passcode . ext . highway -- day the surveillance van drive by . int . surveillance van -- night macgruber drive . Vicki sit shotgun . piper 's in the back . macgruber lift up a carrot and take a bite . VICKI Gross . macgruber I wash it . in the rearview mirror , macgruber shoot a look at piper which show that he do not truly mean it . sfx : cell phone ring macgruber Holy shit ! be that tracer hook up ? VICKI set to jet , macgruber . macgruber grab the phone . macgruber I just hope I can keep this guy on the phone long enough to get a location on he . piper what be you gonna say ? macgruber I will figure something out . ( into phone ) ( more ) 48 . macgruber ( cont would ) listen to I , you piece of shit . hoss and Zeke be dead and if you do not tell I who this be -- he hang up . you get it ? VICKI no . piper wow . macgruber damn it . be that thing work ? VICKI yes . but you have to keep they on for at least twenty second . macgruber sorry , lose my cool . I just want this so badly . VICKI well , next time , just think about how badly you want it and then maybe you will not lose you temper . macgruber you be right . maybe he ’1ll call back . piper I doubt it . macgruber ( furious ) shit ! I be so fuck stupid ! macgruber 's phone ring . macgruber haha ! second chance . in you face ! ( he pick up ) listen to I , you piece of shit -- int . pentagon -- same time faith at he desk . ( intercut with macgruber ) faith macgruber , it 's faith . 49 . macgruber Colonel ! how 's it go ? ( whisper , to Vicki ) it 's my phone . faith what 's the mission status ? macgruber Mission status ? uh , fuckin’ great . faith so you have get some lead ? macgruber yep. lot . what do you get ? faith not much on we end . we know cunth be have a fundraiser in he home . macgruber yeah , that be a shitty lead . that 's next week , right ? faith no , it 's tonight . macgruber yep , yep , tonight . casual dress , right ? faith no . it 's actually a formal affair . macgruber yep , formal affair , tonight , exact same intel we have . faith get any other lead ? macgruber we get some lead that be gonna blow you fuck mind . faith great , I be gonna conference in the President . macgruber oh shit , oh shit . ate something bad . gotta go . hoooahhh. ( hang up ) ( more ) 50 . macgruber ( cont would ) that be close . he be gonna put the President on , pretty cool huh ? VICKI so cunth be have a party ? macgruber yeah . and guess who just make the guest list ? camera move in dramatically on macgruber 's intense face . macgruber guess who just make the guest list ? VICKI we ? macgruber yes . ext . cunth 's mansion -- night Super : cunth mansion , Salt Lake City , Utah , USA Soft rock blare as the miata door open . White cowboy boot hit the pavement . Pan up a white tux with country piping to see macgruber . macgruber give he key to a valet , pull out he stereo and walk to the front door where he 's greet by a man in a tux . man in a tux Sir , do you have you invitation ? macgruber oh yeah , sure . it 's right ... macgruber search he pocket , but instead of a ticket , present to the man he hand , middle finger stick out . macgruber ..- here . he then walk on by and into the party . int . cunth 's mansion -- night macgruber walk by a coat check girl . 51 . coat check girl can I take you coat ? you car stereo ? macgruber Nice try. ( into wrist mic ) piper , I be in . int . surveillance van -- same time piper monitor from the van . piper macgruber , keep in mind , you wanna keep a low profile here . int . cunth 's mansion -- night macgruber sorry piper , low profile be not in my vocabulary . pound cunth on the other hand -- piper ( 0.s. ) yeah , I get it . macgruber where 's Vicki ? piper ( 0.s. ) she arrive ten minute ago . she 's in the banquet hall . macgruber see a close door and start for it . macgruber I will find she in a sec . first I get a little business to attend to . int . cunth 's mansion -- live room -- night a quartet play classical music as macgruber scan the room , search for Vicki . the floor be crowded with people in tuxedo and elegant dress . the crowd part . passionate music swell as we pan up Vicki to see some shiny sensible shoe and a moderately - priced , flowy white pantsuit and faux pearl . macgruber be stunne by she beauty . 52 . VICKI where have you be ? macgruber sorry , just take a upper decker in the master bathroom . VICKI a upper decker ? macgruber it 's where you take a dump in the water tank and not in the bowl . you look great . VICKI uh ... thank you . macgruber piper , get a location on cunth ? piper ( 0.s. ) he appear to be in the east wing . macgruber on my way . he start away . Vicki grab he hand and pull he back . VICKI do not do anything stupid . macgruber smile at she . macgruber you know I . int . cunth 's mansion -- drawing room -- night cunth be engage in a high stake game of poker -- a beautiful young woman stand behind he . there be only one other player leave in the game , jurgen krauss , 65 . cunth I 'il see you twenty thousand and raise you forty thousand . macgruber ( 0.s. ) he 's bluff . cunth look up from he card to see he old nemesis . 53. macgruber I can tell by the look in he beady little eye . cunth macgruber . I have be expect you . dealer Bet 's to you , Mr. krauss . krauss look at macgruber and then to he card and push a huge stack of chip into the center . mr . krauss I be all in . dealer Mr. krauss be all in for two hundred fifty thousand dollar . cunth call . they flip over they card . cunth straight flush . mr . krauss fuck ! Mr. krauss walk off , piss . macgruber sorry about that . I really think he be bluff . cunth thank you , macgruber . you just make I a teeny tiny bit wealthier than I already be . macgruber I be sure you will do something useful with it . you companion 's a very beautiful young woman . ( to woman ) hope you like be date rape , mar ’am . cunth this be my daughter . 54 . macgruber ( apologetic ) hello . sorry , he kill my wife . cunth honey , could you give we a few moment ? cunth 's daughter roll she eye and walk away . macgruber where 's the x5 ? cunth I do not know what you be talk about . macgruber where be the fuck warhead ? cunth what would I want with a nuclear warhead ? macgruber I never say it be nuclear . cunth sorry , you be right . most warhead be fill with air . macgruber you know , I run into Zeke pleshette and hoss Bender the other day . cunth really ? and how be they ? macgruber a lot less dead than they be now . cunth hm , that 's too bad . macgruber too bad for you . cuz they be part of you little dream team of thug , be not they ? cunth yes , they be -- past tense . very sad story actually . 55 . macgruber what do you mean ? cunth I have assemble the great team of bad guy this world have ever see and I have they all in this room and I have forget that I have some c4 in there and would not you know it , the whole place explode and I lose they all . macgruber you be shitting I . you be shitting I . well , we have a lot in common because I ... cunth oh no , wait , that do not happen to I because I be not a fuck retard who blow up he own dude . macgruber fuck you , cunth ! and by the way , I have a new team now -- that 's right . not only do I have the best timer in the business , but also one of the great young military mind around . I mean , this guy 's the real deal . int . surveillance van -- night piper smile . that be nice of macgruber to say . int . cunth 's mansion -- drawing room -- night macgruber ... and we be gonna stop you . cunth you have a very healthy imagination , macgruber . I certainly do not have a warhead , nuclear or otherwise . macgruber you be lie . and you be a piece of shit . cunth rise to leave . 56 . cunth that 's enough here . gentlemen , please show Mr. macgruber the door . Three large henchmen surround macgruber . macgruber let I tell you how this be gonna go down . first I be gonna kick you in the chin , break you jaw in four place , then I be gonna take you and karate flip you over my back and then knee you nose into you brain , kill you instantly . I do wanna get a throat rip in here somehow -- think that 's gonna be you , small fry . one disclaimer , the order be subject to change depend on my whim . but one thing I do know -- at the end of the day , cunth , I be gonna rip you dick off and shove it in you mouth and that be non-negotiable . so who 's first ? ext . cunth 's mansion -- night macgruber get throw out the window . macgruber ah shit ! my fuck back . moment later , he car stereo get throw out too . macgruber goddamn it ! that 's a blaupunkt ! you owe I a blaupunkt ! int . cunth 's mansion -- later cunth , still dress in party attire , burst through a set of double door follow by a henchman . cunth dammit ! how the hell do he get in here ?! want to explain that to I ? henchman he walk in the front door , sir . 57 . cunth well , La Di Da ! he walk in the front door ! cunth notice the henchman 's finger be bleed . cunth what happen to you finger ? henchman he try to bite my hand off . a drop of blood fall to the floor . cunth look at it and then at the henchman . henchman sorry sir . the henchman put he glass of water on the table and then go to clean up the blood . cunth coaster . henchman oh , sorry , yes sir . the henchman place a coaster under the glass , then bend down to clean up the blood . there be a knock at the door . cunth take a swig of scotch . cunth ( cont 'd ) ( sweetly ) come the fuck in ! Constantine and the culebra twin enter . cunth oh great , it 's team dickhead . God damn it , shoe ! edwin / hector /constantine sorry . / sorry sir . / sorry . the three of they remove they shoe and carry they . constantine you want to see we , sir ? cunth I will not have ten year of work and plan go up in flame because of that asshole . let I be very clear , I want macgruber dead . ( more ) 58 . cunth ( cont would ) you do remember how to do that , right ? it 's very easy , you just take out you gun , aim it and fire . cunth take out he gun and shoot the henchman in the head . his brain splatter all over the wall . cunth that be not so hard , be it ? now go . Constantine and the twin exit with purpose . cunth somebody get this guy 's brain off my fuck wall . int . pentagon -- day Colonel faith rip into macgruber . faith how in the world do you think it would be a good idea to go there ? macgruber I want cunth to know I be onto he . faith well , he know all right . macgruber I get he exactly where I want he . faith do you ? cuz I think it 's the other way around . macgruber agree to disagree , Jim . faith in case you have forget , I be you superior officer and you will address I as such . macgruber yes , Colonel . look , I be really sorry . faith sorry be not go to keep we safe from this goddamn warhead ! ( more ) 59 . faith ( cont would ) look macgruber , you be a true american hero and I thank you for that . but I be go to have to say something to you that I never think I have say . Mac , you have turn into a liability . you be think with you heart and not with you head . and I have no choice but to take you off the mission . and this time it 's for real . macgruber what ? come on , Colonel ! faith no ! from here on out , the three of you be to stay away from cunth and that be a order . macgruber but he have the passcode now ! faith because you could not stop he ! macgruber Jim , you can not ... faith I be sorry , Mac . macgruber let this sink in for a beat . macgruber all right ... all right . macgruber walk to the door and stop . after a beat , he turn back . macgruber I will suck you fuck dick . I will let you fuck I . faith I be sorry . macgruber walk out of the room . int . pentagon hallway -- day macgruber walk up to piper and Vicki . 60 . piper how do it go ? macgruber it go great . VICKI really ? I think he be gonna be super upset with we . macgruber not at all . he keep say really complimentary stuff like '' do a great job . '' piper macgruber . macgruber '' keep up the good work . '' piper macgruber . macgruber '' definitely gonna be three medal in this for you . '' piper macgruber ! macgruber what ? piper look I in the eye . macgruber reluctantly look piper in the eye . piper how do it go ? macgruber ( long pause ) it go great . piper macgruber ? macgruber we be off the case . 61 . ext . macgruber 's trailer -- night macgruber , Vicki and piper sit outside in crappy fold chair , drink beer . macgruber I be so sorry . it 's all my fault . VICKI no it be not . piper if it 's any consolation , I think you make the right call . and be with you over the last few day , I learn a lot . a lot of it be what not to do , but that 's a important part of the learn process . macgruber smile at the nice sentiment . VICKI I need to use the powder room . macgruber number one or number two ? VICKI number not -your-business . macgruber ( playful , sing song ) that mean number two . VICKI ( playful ) shut up ! Vicki go inside the trailer . piper I wish I have what you two have . macgruber what be you talk about ? piper come on ! you can see it froma mile away . macgruber shut up . 62 . piper no , seriously . when you two get together , it 's like the friggin’ 4th of July . macgruber what ? come on . I mean , do not get I wrong , she 's a good woman . loyal , great at what she do , good look , rockin’ bod , smooth dresser . but I can very confidently tell you that Vicki and I will never ever be like that . piper never ever say never ever . macgruber smile , remember when he say that to piper . macgruber no , this time I can . after casey , I make a promise to myself that I would never ... well , I do not want to get into it . piper that must have be really hard . I be sorry , never mind . macgruber no , do not worry about it . you know , you be a good guy . and I need to apologize for something . piper no , you do not . macgruber no , I do . I treat you so badly . I just feel threaten by you . and I be not use to feel that way . I mean , I be fuck macgruber . piper nod politely . piper Water under the bridge . piper put out he hand . they shake . piper go for a beer . piper you want another beer , macgruber ? macgruber 's ear perk up . 63 . macgruber sh sh sh sh shh . sfx : dog bark , then silence . macgruber we have get company ! baddak -ak -ak - AK !! semi-autos blaze , whipping we into ... slo - mo : macgruber dive through the air at piper . macgruber nooocococo000 ! piper macgruber !! macgruber jump behind piper and use he as a human shield . bullet tear into piper 's chest rip he shirt apart . real time : macgruber Vicki ! follow I ! use piper as a shield , macgruber make he way to the miata with Vicki behind he . piper absorb all kind of gunfire . they finally make it into the car and peel out . int . miata -- night macgruber drive , Vicki sit shotgun , piper lie across she . VICKI oh my God , be he dead ? macgruber yes ! yes , he 's dead ! suddenly , piper gasp awake . piper uuuuuuhh ! macgruber oh fuck !! macgruber nearly drive off the road . 64 . macgruber Holy shit ! you be alive ! piper oh my God , I think we be goner . how do you know I be wear a bullet proof vest ? macgruber you be wear a bullet proof vest ? piper wait , you do not know ? macgruber what , no , of course I do ! I know the whole time . piper pull over . let I out . macgruber why ? piper because you just use I as a human shield ! macgruber I do not ! piper yes , you do ! macgruber no , I do not ! Vicki , do I use he as a human shield ? VICKI yeah , you kinda do . macgruber you be blow this out of proportion . piper no , I be not . pull over . macgruber Fine . macgruber pull over , let 's piper out and peel back onto the road . piper kick the miata as it race off . macgruber slam on the brake and throw it in reverse . 65 . macgruber do you just kick my car ? piper kick it again , repeatedly . macgruber drive off . macgruber Real mature ! ext . VICKI 's house -- night the miata pull up to Vicki 's house . VICKI be you okay ? macgruber ( he 's not ) yeah . VICKI oh God , what happen to you leg ? macgruber 's leg be cover in blood . macgruber it 's nothing . VICKI macgruber , you have be shot ! macgruber I wish it be through the head . VICKI do not say that ! come inside . let I get that bullet out of you . macgruber okay . macgruber sadly pull he batter car stereo out , get out of the car and follow Vicki into she house . int . VICKI 's house -- night macgruber sit on a table , he pants around he ankle . VICKI this might sting a little . she pour vodka on he wound . macgruber do not even flinch . 66 . VICKI okay , I be gonna remove the bullet . you wanna bite down on this ? she hand he a leather belt . he toss it aside . macgruber I deserve pain . Vicki reach into macgruber 's open leg wound with a pair of bottle - nose plier and search for the bullet . macgruber I do not know what happen back there . I just freak out . that 's never happen to I before . VICKI everybody make mistake . macgruber no , not I . VICKI he do not die . macgruber but he could have . VICKI you be be too hard on yourself . macgruber no. maybe the Colonel 's right . maybe I have lose it . why do you stick around ? VICKI because I believe in what you be do . macgruber you do ? VICKI yes ! you be a amazing man . you be gorgeous , amazing body , good sense of style , smart , brave . casey be a very lucky woman to have a man like you . 67 . macgruber well , you be a very special woman too . tell I , why do not you ever get marry ? VICKI there 's only one man I have ever love and he 's take . macgruber he 's marry ? VICKI he be . but she 's still in he heart , God rest she soul . macgruber suddenly realize Vicki 's talk about he . macgruber maybe one day , you will get the courage to tell he how you feel . VICKI maybe ... ( back to reality ) get it . Vicki drop the bloody bullet onto a tray , then notice something and then avert she eye . VICKI macgruber ? macgruber sorry , I always get a erection when a beautiful woman use a pair of plier near my ball . VICKI macgruber ... ( embarrassed , but touch ) ... thank you . ( break tension ) okay , I better sew you up . she grab needle and thread . macgruber no ... macgruber grab she hand . macgruber leave it open ... 68. macgruber look she right in the eye . macgruber I like hole . macgruber caress she cheek and start in for a kiss -- right before he get to she lip . VICKI ( nervous ) I be a virgin . macgruber not for long . they kiss hard . they remove each other 's clothing . macgruber pick Vicki up and carry she to she bed . dissolve to : a passionate love- make montage : body part writhe in unison , hair pull , spanking , the work . ( note : body double will be use . for Vicki , one with huge boob . for macgruber , one with a super cut , but very hairy ass ) ext . VICKI 's house -- night macgruber wail on the saxophone on the hood of the miata . int . VICKI 's house -- night Vicki and macgruber be get to the end . macgruber oh my God , I be gonna frickin’ explode inside you ! I be gonna spill it ! I be gonna fill you up ! VICKI I be gonna fill you up ! macgruber what ? VICKI I say , I be gonna fill you up . macgruber just let I do the talk . VICKI sorry. 69 . macgruber oh yeah . mm mm mm mm mm mm mm a a a a aaa aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah ! they finally reach orgasm and collapse to the bed . Vicki be smile . macgruber have a pain look on he face . VICKI you be amazing . macgruber I be sorry , I have to go . VICKI what 's wrong ? macgruber I just ... I have to go . macgruber grab he clothes and car stereo and run out . VICKI shit! ext . cemetery -- night casey 's grave . macgruber enter frame ( with car stereo ) and kneel at it . macgruber I be sorry , casey , but I just make love to another woman . and I can not help but feel I have betrayed you . casey ( 0.s. ) it 's okay , macgruber . macgruber look behind he to see casey 's ghost . macgruber casey ? casey it 's okay . be with Vicki . macgruber but I can not do that to you . casey you have to move on with you life . macgruber I do not know what to say . 70 . casey put she finger up to macgruber 's lip , silencing he . casey then do not say anything . casey kiss macgruber hard . macgruber kiss back . they start remove they clothes . a love montage ensue . it be eerily similar to the one we just see with Vicki , include macgruber play sexy saxophone on top of a crypt . angle on : cemetery groundskeeper haul trash bag . his eye widen . groundskeeper 's Pov : a naked macgruber have hardcore sex with nothing but thin air . casey and macgruber be reach they climax . macgruber oh casey . I be gonna shoot ! I be gonna fuck shoot ! casey I be too , macgruber ! macgruber let 's shoot together ! casey / macgruber mmrg mmrg mmrg mmrg mmrg mmrg mmrg mmrg mmrg mmrg mmrg mmrg aaaaaaah ! macgruber I shot . casey I do too . now go , macgruber . go tell Vicki how you feel about she . macgruber I will . macgruber start away . macgruber oh , and casey ? macgruber turn back , but casey be go . he smile . macgruber thanks . macgruber walk away . 71 . ext . cemetery road -- morning macgruber approach he car . his cell phone ring . macgruber ( into phone ) Colonel ? int . pentagon -- morning Colonel faith be on the phone . a military officer bring he a report . ( intercut between the two of they ) faith macgruber , just want to apologize for how thing go down the other day . you put you heart and soul into the mission and I want you to hear the good news . macgruber good news ? faith we just get intel from very reliable source that the North korean be purchase the x5 and the passcode tonight . we be mobilize unit right now . macgruber I want to be there when you take cunth down . faith macgruber , you ready for this ? we be wrong about cunth . he 's not involved . turn out the x5 be in the possession of a jurgen krauss . macgruber Jim , listen . you be wrong . it 's cunth . I have stake my life on it . faith do not let you history with cunth cloud you vision , Mac . he 's not involved . look , the President 's thrilled . if all go smoothly , he might mention it during the State of the Union address tonight . 72 . macgruber the State of the Union . Jim ! call the White House ! evacuate Washington DC ! cunth be go to nuke the State of the Union ! faith macgruber -- macgruber I know it , Jim . I do not know why he 's gonna do it , but that 's he play . I can feel it in my bone ! faith so you want I to ignore very credible intelligence and evacuate Washington DC because you have a hunch ? macgruber no . if I be you , I would evacuate the entire eastern seaboard . faith ( humoring ) okay , I ’1ll get right on it . look grube , if it 's any comfort , we could not have do it without you . well , actually I guess we could have since none of the information come from you lead . Mac , I be joke . really , thank you . the american people owe you a huge debt of gratitude . macgruber more like a huge debt of splatitude when all of they body explode . Jim , you be be dupe . faith macgruber , take some time off . go to the beach . kick you heal up and drink a few molson . macgruber Nah , I get better plan . I be gonna go save the country . macgruber hang up , jump in the miata , and peel out . 73 . ext . VICKI 's house -- morning macgruber jump out of the car and run up to she house . int . VICKI 's house -- morning macgruber run into she house . macgruber Vicki ? I be so sorry . macgruber find the place have be ransacke . macgruber what the hell ? Vicki ? in the rubble , macgruber see a break synthesizer , a microphone and recording equipment . he reach down and pick up a CD entitle '' song for my gruber by Vicki St elmo '' . macgruber oh Vicki . sfx : cell phone ring macgruber look down to see that the call be come from Vicki . he immediately start tear the room apart . finally he find what he 's look for : Vicki 's call tracer . he plug it in , take a deep breath and answer . macgruber ( cont ’d ) Vicki ? where be you ? cunth ( 0.s. ) I have she , macgruber . you tell anyone about this , she die . macgruber ( furious ) listen to I , cunth . I be gonna ... ( calming himself ) .++- need you to let I hear Vicki 's voice . just so I know she 's alive . cunth ( 0.s. ) say please . macgruber ( through clench tooth ) please let I speak to Vicki . cunth ( 0.s. ) good boy . 74 . VICKI ( 0.s. ) get this bastard , macgrub -- cunth hang up . macgruber slam the phone down with rage . he look down at the call tracer which be blink the word '' Processing '' . macgruber close he eye and pray . macgruber please . please . the word '' location confirmed '' appear on the tracer . a map light up on the screen . macgruber yes ! time to go pound some cunth . int . macgruber 's trailer -- day macgruber slide open a false wall and punch a code into a digital lock . macgruber put he mullet up to a laser mullet scanner . female computer voice access grant . the dusty lock hiss open and macgruber step in . int . desert bunker —- continuous macgruber descend a ladder into the nearly pitch black bunker . fluorescent bulb flicker to life . reveal : a high tech weapon depot . only it 's not gun or grenade , but all manner of knick - knack , doo - dad , and trash . there be highly - organize section for gum wrappers , paper clip , twine , etc . macgruber now that 's what I be talk about . Music : bad - ass rock song cu : taping a bottle cap to he chest , then lowering shirt . cu : tucking a gum wrapper into he sock cu : slip a paperclip into he shoe cu : put a cotton ball in he ear cu : put some tape on he neck and then let the back of he mullet loose , hide the tape 75 . cu : hand change the song on the stereo . Music : soft rock cu : put a penny in between he toe cu : tucking a bunch of dental floss in he mouth like dip cu : hold up a carrot cu : put the carrot down the butt of he pants macgruber look in the mirror , and in the blink of a eye , simultaneously grab the bottle cap from he shirt and the paperclip from he shoe . he hold they up and nod . he 's ready . int . miata -- day macgruber 's hand pop Vicki 's CD in the stereo . ext . oceanside / forest /mountain / desert -- greenscreen macgruber drive along a oceanside , through a forest , over mountain , through desert . with each change in scenery , we hear a different terrible home - make song with Vicki sing . ext . dirt road -- night macgruber pull off the road and come to piper who be lean against the van , wait for he . macgruber thanks for do this , piper . and look , sorry about last night . it be a rookie maneuver . and I promise I ’1ll never ever use you as a human shield again without first ask you permission . piper let 's get something straight . I be not do this for you . I be do it for all the innocent people out there whose life be at stake . macgruber Fair enough . all right , let 's go pound some cunth . 76 . piper shake he head . macgruber stuff he car stereo into a backpack and they head into the brush . int . pentagon -- night Colonel faith be at he desk . a military officer burst in . military officer Colonel , we just get news from the drop site . the x5 be not there . it be all just a decoy . camera push in on faith . faith macgruber be right . ext . cunth 's compound - night binoc Pov : the grounds be crawl with armed guard . piper eleven ... twelve that I can see , but there will be more inside . macgruber hope they get a ditch dig out back for all the body . otherwise thing be gonna get real smelly here later on . piper that 's a pretty gross way to look at it . macgruber well , I be a realist . I do not know how many people you be plan on kill , but I be definitely -- piper shhhh ! a guard approach , make he round . he smoke a cigarette . piper ( cont 'd ) ( whisper ) just let he pass . we do not want to attract attention -- macgruber ? 77 . piper look around , macgruber be go . all of a sudden macgruber appear behind the guard and tear out he throat . the guard fall to the ground , dead . piper ( cont 'd ) Jesus Christ ! macgruber pretty cool , right ? Bet you be not expect that . piper yeah , it be really disgusting . macgruber that guy would have do the exact same thing to I if he have the chance . piper he would have rip you throat out with he bare -- macgruber down ! now ! macgruber push piper to the ground as a spotlight hit they position . a tense beat . the spotlight move on . macgruber ( cont ’d ) that be too close . we need a new point of entry . macgruber spot a large sewer pipe lead into the compound . macgruber bingo . int . cunth 's compound - holding cell - night Vicki , bound to a metal chair and gag with a bandana , struggle to free herself . the big metal door swing open revealing cunth follow closely by the culebra twin . cunth hello , my darling . VICKI mmmfhhhh , mmmpphh ! cunth sorry , I do not quite get that . 78 . cunth unty the bandana . VICKI stick it wear the sun do not shine , dieter ! cunth get in Vicki 's face , menace . cunth and where would that be , exactly ? VICKI um ... the butt ? up you butthole ? cunth so sad . such a pretty face for such a dirty , dirty mouth . cunth brushes a loose hair out of Vicki 's face tenderly , then put she gag in again . as he do , he whisper into she ear . cunth I know macgruber 's come for you . I want to watch he watch I kill you in front of he and then I want to watch I kill he in front of a mirror . enjoy you stay and please let I know if there 's any way for I to make it less enjoyable . cunth laugh as he close the door . Vicki 's eye dart around the room for a way out . int . cunth 's compound -- basement -- night macgruber and piper step out of the other end of the pipe . macgruber ... and then we ram . piper you what ? macgruber I humped she . I do not want to use the f-word because I do not want to diminish it 's beauty in any way . but it be great . I have never feel that way about a bone session before . piper yeah , sound really special . 79 . they approach a metal ladder lead up . piper okay , this look like the main duct . we should be right under the guard tower . ready ? macgruber time to go pound some cunth . piper yeah . macgruber what ? piper nothing . macgruber no , what ? piper it 's just , I have notice you say that line all the time . macgruber it 's a good line . piper be it ? macgruber the man 's last name be cunth ! piper you know , you do not need to say anything . you can just do what you be gonna do without preface it with a quote . macgruber you have you way . I have mine . now let 's go pound some cunth . piper shake he head and they start to climb up . int . cunth 's compound -- inner observation deck -- night a guard sit at a control panel overlook the main room . 80 . guard Miller , do you copy ? Miller ? be you there ? damn it , Miller . suddenly , a box of throat lozenge be throw in front of he . he pick it up , confuse . guard Throat lozenge ? macgruber you be gonna wanna take the whole box . the guard whip around to come face to face with macgruber who rip out he throat , kill he . macgruber awesome . get another throat rip in . might go for the turkey . piper the turkey ? macgruber it 's a bowl term for when you get three strike in a row . piper that 's sick . macgruber maybe . but if rip throat get that warhead back , I 'il rip as many throat as I have to . ( then ) all right , let 's go over the plan one more time . macgruber unknowingly step on a foot pedal on the floor . cU -- a red light on the control panel be illuminate ext . cunth 's compound -- night macgruber 's word blare over a loudspeaker . macgruber ( 0.s . ) --- all we need to do be ... 81 . int . compound dormitories -- night a bunch of dude start get out of they bed and gather around the loudspeaker . macgruber ( 0.s. ) '' go into they dormitory and kill they all in they sleep . from there ... int . cunth 's compound -- x-5 launch site -- night cunth oversee the readying of the x5 which sit in the middle of the room . over the loudspeaker , he hear : macgruber ( 0.s. ) «+. we go after that piece of shit cunth . God , I can not wait to rip that guy 's dick off and shove it in he mouth . tonight . int . cunth 's compound -- holding cell -- night Vicki hear through a loudspeaker . macgruber ( 0.s. ) now I know what you be think . look , I wish there be not only two of we either ... she shake she head . int . cunth 's compound -- dormitory -- night the man now be all load up with they weapon . macgruber ( 0.s. ) ...- but we have the element of surprise on we side . okay , so we be in the observation deck now -- commander observation deck , move ! all of the man race out of the room for the observation deck . int . cunth 's compound -- observation deck -- night macgruber and piper talk . 82. macgruber so ... let 's go pound some ... ( notice something ) oh shit . int . cunth 's compound -- hallway -- night a loudspeaker blare as several armed man run down hallway . macgruber ( 0.s. ) oh shit oh shit . this fuck microphone be on . how do you turn this thing off ? oh here it be . int . cunth 's compound -- observation deck -- night macgruber hold the foot pedal . macgruber it 's a fuck foot pedal thing . piece of shit ! maybe the volume be off . you think they hear we ? the window explode as multiple machine gun shoot at the deck . piper and macgruber duck . piper what be we gonna do ? macgruber I do not know . think macgruber , think ! ext . cunth 's compound -- MAIN floor -- night cunth approach as a bunch of he man shoot at the deck . henchman they be trap in the observation deck . cunth yeah , I hear . macgruber ( 0.s. ) ( through loudspeaker ) you guy ! you guy ! hold you fire for one second . can we talk about this please ? please ? cunth laugh . 83. cunth hold you fire ! I wanna hear this . the man hold they fire . macgruber ( 0.s. ) ( through loudspeaker ) look , we be so sorry . you guy be obviously really well train . we be outnumber . this be a bad idea . int . cunth 's compound -- stairwell -- night four guard begin run up the stair . ext . cunth 's compound -- MAIN floor -- night macgruber ( 0.s. ) ( through loudspeaker ) please please please do not kill we . I promise if you let we go , we will not tell anyone where you compound be . and that be my word . cunth ( amused ) Fucking idiot . kill they . constantine Sir , we have man go up there . cunth and ? constantine yes sir . he motion to a guard who hand he a grenade launcher . int . cunth 's compound -- observation deck -- night the four guard approach the door . macgruber ( 0.s. ) ... I beg you to let we go ... the guard kick in the door but nobody 's there . cu : a brick on the on / off switch of the foot pedal 84 . cu : piper 's cell phone be lean up against the microphone macgruber ( 0.s. ) .-- and I promise you will never hear from we again . the lead guard 's eye bug out . lead guard oh shit . ext . cunth 's compound -- MAIN floor -- night cunth fore ! Constantine launch a grenade . the deck explode . cunth now put out the god damn fire . if you need I , I ‘'1l be arming the warhead . do not need I . int . cunth 's compound -- machine room -- night piper and macgruber enter as macgruber close he phone . macgruber pretty great idea , huh ? piper it be my idea . macgruber but it be my phone . piper we use both of we phone . macgruber Fine , I will give you partial credit . Point be , that oughta buy we some -- suddenly they be spot by a guard who shoot at they . they dive for cover behind a couple of large metal drum . guard ( into walkie- talkie ) they be in the machine room ! 85 . ext . cunth 's compound -- MAIN floor -- night Constantine hold up he walkie talkie . constantine Machine room ! everyone race to the machine room as cunth shake he head . cunth Fucking cockroach . int . cunth 's compound -- holding cell -- night Vicki have freed herself from the chair , but she hand be still tie behind she back . she lie on the floor , swing she leg over she head and gnaw at the rope on she wrist . int . cunth 's compound -- machine room -- night macgruber and piper hunker down as they be shot at . piper have a AK - 47 in one hand and a uzi in the other . macgruber be hold twine and a bottle cap . macgruber okay , I round up some twine and already have this bottle cap . but be on the lookout for a battery or some chew gum . piper stand up and return fire . macgruber oh another thing that would be great would be a bar of soap ... or some white wine vinegar . oh , or like a common kitty litter . or ... piper macgruber , shut the fuck up ! piper return fire . macgruber I be try to help here . piper there be too many guy ! I need you to take two of this gun . macgruber I tell you , I do not use gun ! 86 . piper well you better start because stick a fuck carrot in you ass be not gonna hack it this time . macgruber I be not gonna use a gun ! piper why ? macgruber because I do not know how ! okay ? piper ( beat , amaze ) you get to be fuck kid I . macgruber I have never use a gun ! they scare I . piper do you want to save Vicki ? piper hold out the gun . macgruber think about it -- a look of determination come over he face . he grab they . macgruber okay , so what do I do ? piper you point it and you shoot it ! macgruber okay , okay . here go ! macgruber hold up the gun , avert he eye and fire wildly . macgruber oo , I get a window ! piper aim for a person ! macgruber good call , good call . a guy run across the room . both macgruber and piper shoot at he . the guy get hit and go down . macgruber oo , I get that guy ! do you see that ? 87. piper I think I actually get he , but you be do great . okay , I be gonna take this guy out . macgruber no , I wanna do it , I wanna do it ! two armed men approach . macgruber shoot -- both go down . macgruber this be so awesome ! this be so much better than that stupid fuck gadget I use to make ! macgruber stand fearlessly and shoot willy nilly at everything . macgruber aaaaaaaaaaaaaaah ! a guy in the distance go down . macgruber dive back down . macgruber get another guy ! can I keep this ? piper look , we be sit duck in here , so here 's what we do . on three , we make a run for that door . and whatever you do , keep shoot ! macgruber deal . piper /macgruber one ... two ... three ! piper and macgruber shoot like crazy as they race for the door . piper look like a badass , macgruber do not . they bust through the door to find themselves in a : int . cunth 's compound -- boiler room - night fill with pipe and steam . a guard appear and raise he gun to shoot . macgruber lunge for piper in slo-mo . macgruber nooocococo000 ! macgruber land in front of piper and shield he heroically . the guard attempt to fire but he gun be jamme . 88 . macgruber punch the guard a few time -- the guard fall to the ground , momentarily stunne . macgruber I be gonna go for a throat rip , but I know you be not into they . piper hey ... go for the turkey . piper smile at he -- it 's a smile of warmth and respect -- a real bond have form between the two of they . macgruber really ?... thank you . piper no , thank you for think you be save my life . macgruber hey , I owed you one . piper put ‘er there . as they lock hand , the guard get up and charge they . charging guard aaaaaaah ! macgruber twirl piper around like a fancy dance move , clutching he against he chest . together , macgruber and piper rip out the guard 's throat . he fall to the ground . macgruber aaaa ! gobble gobble gobble gobble ! piper shake he head and smile . they make they way to : int . cunth 's compound -- hallway - night macgruber and piper run around a corner . at the end of the hall be a large metal door . macgruber this be it . Vicki 's behind that door . I know it . they open the door to reveal Vicki be a tangle mess lie on the floor . her body be impossibly contort . and somehow the chair be lie on top of she . 89 . macgruber / piper Vicki ! VICKI hi! sfx : click Constantine hold a gun to macgruber 's head . macgruber / piper Constantine . constantine the party 's over . come with I . int . cunth 's compound -- x5 launch site -- night Constantine lead macgruber , Vicki and piper into a large room . the x5 sit in the middle on a launch pad . the State of the Union address play on a large monitor on the wall . news anchor ( 0.s. ) .-.- I be tell the President have just arrive . should be enter the chamber shortly . there 's the good Senator from vermont ... cunth hit the mute . cunth oh macgruber , you be just in time . you want a potsticker or a molson or something ? we make a pretty substantial costco run . might be tough to get food for a while , so we get enough to last for like a entire nuclear winter . ( be : Vicki & piper ) Constantine , be a lamb and watch this two . I want to play with macgruber for a while . Constantine hold he gun on Vicki and piper . the culebra twin hold macgruber by he arm . cunth so macgruber , first off let I thank you for that upper decker you leave I . cunth punch macgruber 's stomach . 90 . macgruber oof . I can not wait to kill you . cunth oh no ! help I mommy ! be macgruber gonna rip my throat out ? macgruber no , I want you throat to stay right where it be , so I can hear you scream bloody murder when I rip you dick off and shove it in you fuck mouth . tonight ! macgruber try spit in cunth 's face but it just dribble down he chin . cunth ( not impressed ) really ? macgruber come on , cunth , you be better than this . it 's not too late to join the right team . cunth I be the right team . the America you represent have be usurped by year of lie , corruption and moral turpitude . it 's a break system that can not be fix . so it 's get to be replace . that 's where I come in . macgruber sound like you get it all figure out ... except for one thing . cunth and what 's that ? macgruber million of innocent people will die . cunth there will be some collateral damage . but it 's all for the great good . well , I be blather on and on . shall we get to you death ? oh , but before we do , there 's something I have be want to do for a long time . gl . cunth pull out scissors from he pocket . cunth anybody up for a little trim ? he start to approach macgruber . macgruber struggle but the culebra twin be way too strong . macgruber no. no ! what be you do ? cunth I just want you to look good in you coffin . macgruber do not fuck do it , cunth ! cunth boy ? the culebras force macgruber to he knee . cunth push he head down , grab the back of he mullet , and in one snip , cut it all off . macgruber /vicki noooooo ! cunth hold up the hair against the back of he own neck . cunth ( girly voice ) oo , I be macgruber . fuck you , you piece of shit . I be gonna go pound some cunth . you wanna go ?! cunth , Constantine and the culebra twin laugh heartily . macgruber raise he head up very slowly . he be fill with a hulk -level rage . cu : he angry eye macgruber aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah ! with superhuman strength , he break free of the culebra twin 's grasp and in one smooth motion , rip they throat out . Constantine raise he gun . piper ( 0.c. ) hey ! 92. Constantine turn to see piper , who now have he pants around he ankle and a carrot up he butt . piper do a silly dance and make noise . constantine what the fuck ? Vicki roundhouse kick Constantine 's face , knock he out cold . piper wink at macgruber . macgruber smile back , proud . it 's a wonderful moment . macgruber spin-kick the gun out of cunth 's hand . they both race for the gun but macgruber get to it first . cunth appear nervous for the first time . cunth I think you do not use gun . macgruber I do not . he shoot at cunth 's hand . direct hit . cunth ah ! Son of a bitch ! macgruber what 's the deactivation code ? cunth it 's 1-4-2-f-u-c-k-y-o-u - macgruber shoot he other hand . cunth hunch over in pain . cunth God damn it ! macgruber what 's the fuck code ? cunth ( mock ) what 's the fuck code ? somehow through the pain , cunth start to laugh . macgruber shoot he in both of he foot . cunth motherfuck ! just kill I and get it over with . 93 . macgruber no , I want you to live . because after I disarm that nuke , I be gonna come back in here and cut you dick off and ... cunth ... let I guess , shove it in my mouth ? you be like a break record . macgruber the only record I be gonna break be the amount of you own dick in you mouth record . macgruber handcuffs cunth to a railing on the wall . a alarm sound , warning light flash . female computer voice ( v.o. ) Launch commence in three minute . Vicki look at she watch . VICKI Three minute , macgruber ! macgruber do not worry gang , I have be in this situation before and nothing bad have ever happen . right , Vicki ? she smile fakely and nod . macgruber before we start , there 's something I need to say here . Vicki , I have be do so much think since we pork last night ... VICKI macgruber , the bomb ! macgruber you be right , you be right ! piper , hand I that copper wire . piper you get it , macgruber . piper hand he the copper wire . macgruber Vicki , hand I that ball bear ! 94 . VICKI here you go , macgruber ! Vicki hand he the ball bear . macgruber piper , that plier ! piper on the way , grube ! piper hand he plier . macgruber turn around and start work on something . VICKI / piper hurry up , macgruber ! / we be run out of time ! macgruber turn back around , get down on one knee and present to Vicki a hastily assemble copper wire ring with a ball bear diamond . macgruber Vicki , make I the happiest ... VICKI ( frantically ) yes yes , great , yeah , sure ! macgruber yes ! I pork casey 's ghost last night , we can talk about that later . all right , we have get a nuclear warhead to ... macgruber pries open the console of the bomb . macgruber Holy shit . VICKI what 's wrong , macgruber ? macgruber pull out a million tiny wire from the console . macgruber what the fuck be this ?! piper a bomb . you can defuse it , right ? macgruber be you kid I ?! ( more ) 95 . macgruber ( cont would ) look at all this crap , there 's like a million wire in here ! I be more like a three wire guy . female computer voice Launch commence in two minute . VICKI two minute , macgruber ! macgruber yeah , I hear it , Vicki . Jesus . nag nag nag . I be sorry sweetie . well , we be fuck here but good . cunth bravo macgruber . I expect nothing less from a washout like you . in the next ninety second that x5 will turn Washington D.C. into a pile of rubble ! I win . you lose . sound familiar ? macgruber guess I be not the man you think I be , cunth . I can not dismantle you bomb . but I can do this . macgruber take he swiss Army knife and do surgery on the x5 . moment later , he pull out the glow deadly warhead . macgruber a nuclear bomb 's not quite the same without the warhead . cunth goddamn it ! it do not matter ! that drine be still carry enough ammonium nitrate to blow up the White House , Congress and the Senate combine ! macgruber right again , cunth . of course ... macgruber start fidget again inside the x5 . ..- might be hard to fly it without ... the guidance system . macgruber hold up a advanced look digital BOX with wire stick out of it . cunth look horrify . 96 . macgruber so yeah , I be not able to disable the bomb . so I guess you do win . and you prize will be get to be blow up by it in about ... how long , Mrs. macgruber ? Vicki check she watch . VICKI twenty two second ! cunth nooooocoo ! but my new society ! female computer voice ( v.o. ) 20 ... 19 ... 18 ... macgruber well , we better scoot . we do have a wedding to plan . anyway , toodle . macgruber , Vicki and piper run out of the building . moment later , macgruber run back in , grab he shorn hair fragment and take off again . int . cunth 's compound -- hallway -- night macgruber , Vicki and piper race down the hallway . female computer voice 2-12 ... 11 ... 10 ... 9 int . cunth 's compound -- x5 launch site -- night cunth wait to die . female computer voice 8 ... 7 ... 6 ... 5 ... suddenly , he see something : in the corner of the room be a axe . his eyebrow raise . ext . cunth 's compound -- night macgruber , Vicki and piper throw open the door and sprint away from the compound ! female computer voice wee ane 3... 244. lane 97 . the building explode ! macgruber , piper and Vicki be blow off they foot by the blast as debris rain down around they . push in slowly on macgruber . macgruber I do it again . fade to black . fade in : ext . gazebo -- day macgruber and Vicki stand at a altar . macgruber 's rescue mullet be tape onto the back of he head . piper be the best man . faith sit in the front row . minister -.. theirs be a love that know no bound . a love that heal in time of sickness . a love that forgive in time of anger . a love that love in time of love . macgruber ( proudly to crowd ) Vicki write that ! ( to Vicki ) that 's beautiful , honey . Vicki smile . minister now be there anyone here with just cause why this two soul should not be join in holy matrimony ? reveal casey 's ghost behind Vicki . she shake she head no . macgruber ( mouth the word ) thank you . Vicki turn behind she , but there 's nobody there . minister then let 's get to it . do you Vicki gloria St. elmo take macgruber to be you lawfully wedd husband ? VICKI I do . 98 . as macgruber smile at she , he notice a odd waiter with major burn scar and a prosthetic hand in the distance . he follow the waiter with he eye . minister and do you , macgruber take Vicki gloria St. elmo ... cu : the back of the waiter 's head minister «+.to be you lawfully wedd wife ? cu : waiter 's head . he turn just enough to see it 's cunth . macgruber nooooococo0o0 ! cunth lift up a shoulder mount rocket launcher and fire it at the altar . macgruber lunge for Vicki and push she out of the way just in time . however , the minister be blow to smithereen . cunth drop the rocket launcher and charge at macgruber . macgruber quickly overpower he and punch and kick he until he 's right at the edge of the cliff . macgruber kick cunth in the stomach repeatedly . cunth moan but then somehow start laugh . macgruber what 's so funny ? cunth I be just think about you last wedding . I hear the bride get really bomb . he laugh hard . macgruber start laugh too . macgruber ( still laugh ) hey cunth ... cunth what ? macgruber take out he swiss Army knife and open the blade . macgruber ( dead serious ) suck you own dick . macgruber cut cunth 's dick off and shove it in he mouth . 99 . macgruber then pull a grenade out , pull the pin , put it in cunth 's jacket and zip it up . macgruber push cunth off of the cliff . cunth aaaaaaaaaaaaaaah ! macgruber piper ! piper throw he a machine gun . as cunth fall to the rock below , macgruber riddle he fall body with bullet . finally , cunth hit the ground . macgruber fuck you dude ! cunth explode . after a beat , some droplet of liquid drizzle down on the ash -- they hiss with steam . reveal macgruber be pissing on cunth 's ash . when he 's do , he zip up he zipper and turn back to the wedding . macgruber I do . the end