machine gun preacher written by Jason keller base on the life of Sam childer final shoot draft 9/30/2010 this be true ... ext . village - night - ( 2003 ) the night be stillborn . without sound or movement and nothing be in definition . all we see be degree of blackness in this unlit world . the vague impression of a African village in the void ... a rag line of tukul ( straw hut ) ... a bicycle propped against a mud wall ... a soccer ball in the dirt ... int . tukul - night and we find a sudanese family asleep on reed mat . a mother , father and they two boy . the young boy we will come to know as " william " ( 9 ) . his older brother " christopher " ( 12 ) curl next to he . ext . village - night and slowly the blackness begin to shift ... a otherworldly light seeping in from someplace far off ... shadow contort in a ghostly orange flicker ... image emerge ... the silhouettes of man come into this village carry flame torch . int . tukul - night the family still sound asleep , oblivious to the torch glow come from outside , and suddenly -- scream ! -- gunshot ! the family bolt awake , move to they foot as the door to they tukul slam open -- three soldier from the Lord 's resistance Army ( lra ) come in carry ak47 's -- shouting in Arabic -- " get up ! get up ! " -- the father step forward -- hold up he hand -- " do not shoot ! " -- kak ! kak ! kak ! and he 's gun down in cold blood . the soldier grab the mother and boy and begin to drag they out of the tukul -- but william break free -- scramble deeper into the room -- the soldier go after he -- william darting behind a stack of storage box knock they to the ground -- frantically burrow into the corner -- try to get away but it 's useless -- the soldier grab he foot and begin to pull he out -- william kicking wildly -- digging he nail into the dirt -- and as he 's drag out of the corner he reach out ... inadvertently grab a fade photograph which have fall on the ground ... ext . village - night chaos ! -- pandemonium ! -- the black sky ablaze in apocalyptic fire -- 2 family yank out of they burn tukul by lra rebel -- the adult male of this village shot dead or bludgeon to death -- the woman and child force into the center of the village -- huddle together and weep -- -- and now we see william haul out -- he captor shouting to another soldier -- point to william be mother and she 's pull from the group and force onto she knee ... ... and william be bring in front of she -- he captor say something in Arabic as he hand he a club -- " kill she ! " -- william shaking he head `no ' -- toss the club in the dirt and -- crackkk ! -- william be hit with the butt of a rifle -- go down -- blood stream down he face as he 's pull back up to he foot -- cry -- shaking with fear ... ... and then he see he mother stare up at he ... and despite the hell unfold around they we see a moment here between mother and son ... something calm and reassure in the way she 's look at he now ... she eye full of love ... and pity ... for she child in this terrible moment ... and before we see how this end we -- CUT to : blackness for a long beat -- and then we bleed up white letter on the black screen that read -- machinegun preacher ... and then the echoed voice of men yelling to one another ... booming music ... taunt ... whistle ... a announcement , inaudible , over a loudspeaker ... taking US to ... int . prison corridor - rural pennsylvania - day - ( august / 1998 ) and we see SAM childer come down a corridor toward we , dress in jailhouse orange and flanke by a guard . he 's stocky , 32 year old , with a biker 's handlebar moustache . on the surface he appear good - look ... even handsome if the light be right ... but he face be tricky ... always change ... behind the quick smile , around he dark eye , in the taut muscle of he neck we see violence . int . prison receiving and releasing - day we see a clerk hand Sam a prison issue tub full of he personal affect . he take out he clothes , dig out a leather wallet , a watch , some silver ring and a lighter . he look up to the clerk and flash a malicious smile -- SAM ya will go fuck yourself now , k? 3 ext . prison - day a beat - up chevy vega park at the curb . Sam 's wife , lynn , 30' , in a thrift store dress , lean against the car , wait . Sam ( dress in civilian clothes now ) push out a door and she see he , straighten she hair , a uneasy smile . lynn hey baby . ext side of road / int . lynn be car - day the vega pull of the side of the road and Sam fuck Lynn in the back . there 's nothing tender about what we be watch here . Sam finish and Lynn slump into the seat , pull down she dress . SAM gimme a smoke . lynn do not get any . SAM what , you quit ? ( lynn nods ) shit , that be not gonna last . ext . mobile home park - day the vega pull up to a beat- to-shit single - wide and Sam and Lynn get out . we see a homemade sign hang outside the trailer that read , " welcome Home daddy ! " and now Sam 's daughter paige ( 6 ) burst out of the trailer and down the step ... follow by Sam 's mother , daisy , mid 60' , come out of the trailer . paige daddy ! and she jump into he arm . SAM hey bug ... paige you see yer sign ? grandma and I make it this mornin . SAM yep , real nice . Lynn enter the trailer , paige follow . 4 SAM ( cont 'd ) how 'ya doin , Mom ? daisy welcome home , Sam . int . childer mobile home - day lynn ( to paige ) you excited , get some juice , help I set the table . Sam and Daisy enter . there 's a quiet anxiety to this homecome . everybody on edge , careful . lynn ( cont 'd ) hope you be stay for supper . daisy well , I do not know if ... SAM ( to lynn ) what time you gotta work ? Lynn hesitate , not sure how to answer ... not sure what 's go to happen when she do ... finally ... lynn I be not on tonight . SAM what ? daisy ( change the subject ) you know we could boil up that corn we get in there ... SAM Friday night you be not on ? Hell be that ? he walk toward the fridge . lynn paige , get that chair . SAM that cocksucker Mark better be givin you yer time or I be gonna go over there and bust in he tooth . why be not there no beer ? 5 lynn I be not dancin no more , Sam . he turn to she , study she with cold eye ... lynn ( cont 'd ) quit a couple week ago . get a job over at freemont . SAM you tellin I the truth or be this a joke ? lynn pick up a second shift now and then . weekend if I want they . it 's good money . SAM good money ? you stupid , woman ? you quit strippin to pack fuck mushroom at freemont ? daisy Sam ... SAM Mom , keep yer mouth shut . Sam 's face change , start to turn bad . a look we will come to know . lynn they be good to I over there , Sam . they get daycare for paige and I can get medical at the end of the year . SAM tell you what you be gonna do , you be goin back to the Bunny hop and askin that cocksucker for yer old slot back ... daisy ( to paige ) you ok ? let 's ride we bike outside . lynn no , Sam ... SAM fuck you be not . you gonna get that ass back up there and make yer tip . lynn it be not right . 6 SAM fuck you talkin about ? Daisy scoop up paige and exite , screen door slamm behind they and now Sam and Lynn be all alone . lynn I be not dancin cause it be not right in God 's eye . he do not want I doin that no more . SAM ( laughing ) you find god now , huh ? that what this be ? lynn he find I , and he 's there for you too , baby . SAM do not gimme that bullshit . you a junkie stripper ... lynn not no more . God help I change while you be away . Lynn reach for he but he shove she back violently ... SAM gitcha hand off I ! Sam exit . lynn ( to herself ) you can not keep goin the way you goin , baby ... ext . childer mobile home - day Sam straddle the bike and kick it to life . he peel out , kick up gravel as he blast past paige and Daisy . ext . STREET - day Sam riding down the road . int . crossroad bar - night a tough biker bar in johnstown , PA . a jukebox in the corner play lynard skynard . Sam come through the door , ad- libbed greeting from some of the other biker here . he make he way to a back table where a hulk biker in a leather vest name donnie be sit with two girl . donnie look up , see Sam ... 7 donnie crazyhorse ! there he be ... they embrace , old friend . donnie ( cont 'd ) figure you would be rollin out round now . how you doin , buddy ? SAM I be doin . donnie ( to one of the girl ) get we a coupla shot and bud . ( SAM sit ) do not look too worse for the wear . SAM I be alright . donnie Heard yer old lady be not at the Bunny hop no more . SAM bitch find Jesus . donnie damn ! that bearded sonuvagun slip she the high holy dick while you be in the can , huh ? better he than the milk man , I guess . SAM ai not so sure bout that . donnie laugh , slap he on the shoulder ... donnie you wanna taste ? Sam smile that wick smile and we go -- int . back hallway - the crossroad bar - night -- as a biker chick lead Sam down this hallway into -- int . bathroom - the crossroad bar - night Sam and the biker chick cramme into this dirty stall , skynard pound through the wall . he roll up he shirt sleeve as she cook a spoon of methamphetamine ... juice a hypodermic ... he find a vein and she spike he arm ... press the plunger and he head roll back on he shoulder ... speed slamm into he bloodstream as we ramp up the music . 8 int . childer mobile home - morning - week later - ( december /1998 ) snow pile up on the windowsills and it 's cold as shit outside . Sam pass out on the couch and this guy look like hell . thinner than the last time we see he , skin sallow and draw tight over he face . he stir awake , see paige play by herself on the floor next to he . she see that he 's awake , pick up she doll , and quietly go outside without say a word . int . bathroom - childer mobile home - morning Sam come in , take a piss , stare at himself in the mirror and we see a junkie map of track mark run up and down he arm . and then we hear a pentecostal communion hymn , " the Old rugged Cross " , come through ... take we to ... int . church - johnstown , PA . - day a congregation pack into this church for Sunday service . we see Lynn and paige in the crowd , sing along with the congregation . ext . dope house STREET / int . donnie' car - night Sam and donnie in this car , park in front of break down clapboard house . donnie point through the windshield ... donnie right there . with the green light . ext . porch - dope house - night bone chill cold . Sam and donnie on this porch , scarve pull around they neck , hand shove into they jacket try to stay warm . donnie knocking at the door ... donnie hey , man , you there ?! open up ... donnie knocking again and the door crack a inch ... and we see a black man with a shave head on the other side look out ... shave head fuck be you ? donnie it 's I , man , c'mon . fuckin cold out here . shave head I do not know you . donnie yeah you do , man . I see you the other day . I be Bobby 's friend . 9 shave head who the fuck be Bobby ? suddenly Sam pull a short barrel shotgun from he jacket -- mossberg 10 gage -- press it to the door and -- booom ! int . dope house - same door splintering OPEN ! -- concussion like a fuck pipe bomb -- wood splintering through the room like shrapnel -- Sam and donnie storming in ... donnie do not fuckin move ! instant pandemonium ! -- junkies hopping off the couch , scatter like rat deeper into the house -- shave head darting out of the room -- Sam leveling the mossberg in he direction -- booom ! -- the room flash like a fuck supernova . int . stairway - dope house - same shave head scramble up this stair -- Sam come up after he -- hunt he -- mossberg blasting in he direction -- booom ! -- int . upstair hallway - dope house - same shave head sprinting down this hallway -- Sam tracking he in the b.g. -- bloodlust in he eye -- leveling the mossberg and -- booom ! -- booom ! shotgun slug rip through the house like cannon shot -- shave head bolt through the smoke -- crash through a door into -- int . bedroom - dope house - same -- shave head bombing in -- hit the ground -- try to get to he foot but it 's too late because -- -- SAM kick open the door behind he -- shave head go onto he back , try to crab crawl away from he but there 's nowhere to go -- Sam move closer -- shave head please , man -- don 't -- -- shave head work he way into a corner -- hold he hand in front of he face -- terrify , shaking -- shave head ( cont 'd ) -- please ! -- 10 donnie ( o.s. ) SAM ! donnie come into the room -- shave head i'll give you what you want , man ! -- please ! -- SAM tell I where the shit be or I will blow yer nigger brain all over this floor . shave head ( indicate a closet ) in there ... Sam kick he toward the closet -- same hurry the fuck up . shave head crawl to a small safe in a closet , spin the combo , open it and pull out six ounce of uncut cocaine . SAM Cash ! shave head grab a stack of hundred , hand it to Sam and -- crackkk ! -- he slam the butt of the mossberg into shave head be face and he hit the ground on he back -- Sam stand over he -- shove the barrel of the shotgun into he mouth -- donnie c'mon , let 's go ! but Sam 's not move ... just stare down at shave head ... and we be watch something here ... a terrible intelligence take over ... something bloodless and inhuman come over Sam in this moment ... and he chamber a slug into the shotgun ... donnie ( cont 'd ) fuck be you doin ?! and this be it . he 's go to blow this guy brain all over the floor ... donnie ( cont 'd ) Sam ... his finger curl around the trigger , eye become lethal ... donnie ( cont 'd ) Sam ! and he snap back , look around , see donnie stand there ... 11 donnie ( cont 'd ) we need to get the fuck outta here ! ext . country road / int . donnie' car - drive - night music loud as it goe ! -- scream ! -- Sam and donnie pump and celebrate after the robbery . Sam in the passenger seat , already cooking coke in a bent spoon ... SAM see that nigger 's face when I put it in he mouth ? donnie cook that shit up , man ! I wanna hit when I be go a hundred mile a hour in this thing . Sam juice a needle and spike donnie 's arm . donnie feel the rush ... press on the gas and howling like a wild man ... both of they wire out of they head ... blasting down this dark , country road ... and then they see ... a hitchhiker up the road , stand in this bitter cold with he thumb out . SAM look at this sorry fucker ... ext . country road - night donnie 's car pull off the road and the hitchhiker hustle up to it . int . donnie' car - night the hitchhiker climb into the backseat . he 's late 40' , a drifter , probably american indian . donnie start drive . SAM cold enough for ya out there , boy ? drifter yeah . donnie where you goin , man ? drifter dunshore . SAM that 's up there past muncy , right ? drifter yeah . 12 donnie we can take you far as mcclure . drifter take I to dunshore . Sam look back -- SAM we be not goin to dunshore , boy . Said we can drop you at mcclure . suddenly -- silver flash -- a blade -- out of nowhere -- press into donnie 's neck from the backseat -- the drifter pull he tight against the seat rest , press it into he throat -- donnie what the fuck ?! drifter keep drivin ! dunshore or I will cut he fuckin throat . SAM get that fuckin blade off he ... Sam reach he leg over and stomp on the gas peddle -- the car lurch forward -- accelerate -- donnie Sam ! drifter slow the fuck down ! but Sam 's not let up ... press down on the pedal hard ... 90 ... 100 ... 110 mph -- donnie yelling -- try to keep the car on the road -- music blaring -- like some wild ride to hell and then -- SAM suddenly jump in the backseat -- wrestle with the drifter -- fight wild -- elbow he in the face and somehow the blade be in he hand now -- and -- stick , stick , stick , stick , stick , stick ! he stab he six time in the gut . the drifter howling in pain . ext . country road - night donnie 's car skid off the shoulder of the road , back door pop open and the drifter 's body dumped into the dirt . the car peel out , accelerate , tail light disappear into the dark . 13 int . bedroom - childer mobile home - night Lynn sound asleep in bed . and she slowly stir awake , hear water run from somewhere in the trailer . int . hallway and bathroom - childer mobile home - night Lynn move down the hall ... toward a sliver of light come from under the close bathroom door ... gently push it open to see -- Sam stand at the sink ... cover in blood ... frantically try to clean himself up ... try to wash the sin from he skin and clothes but it 's useless ... and the sense we get be that we be stare at a man at the edge of a abyss ... set to swallow he whole ... terrify ... shaking ... ... and now he realize Lynn be here and he turn to she ... hold up he stain hand ... a terrible fear in he eye when he say ... SAM help I . ext . childer mobile home - day day later and we see Lynn and paige , dress up , sit in the idling car , wait . paige he comin or be not he ? lynn I do not know . int . bedroom - childer mobile home - day and we find Sam in this bedroom all alone , wear a thrift store sportcoat , sit on the edge of the bed . frozen . stare at he stock foot and three or four pair of workboot scattered on the floor . Lynn step into the doorway ... voice ( o.s. ) honey ? you ready ? Sam turn to she , and he look lose here . like a little boy . SAM I do not get no good shoe , Lynn . and she come into the room , sit on the bed next to he , put a arm around he shoulder . lynn he do not care what kinda shoe you wearin , baby . 14 int . baptism church - johnstown , PA . - day pack with Sunday family listen to pastor krause at the pulpit . behind he we see a baptismal tank fill with water . and now we see Sam , Lynn , paige , and Daisy sit near the back . Sam look uncomfortable , on edge . pastor krause the point of receive God 's word be life . life upon life . and to accept the blood of Jesus be life upon life upon life ... congregation praise be to God ! pastor krause he breathes he spirit into darkness and make something good . he see we shadow and say , `let there be light ! " congregation amen ! pastor krause ... now proclaim he save grace ! if there be sinner here look for God raise you hand ! a few hand shoot up -- pastor krause ( cont 'd ) stand up ! receive Jesus Christ as you light and saviour ... Three or four people move to they foot , make they way up to the altar . Lynn turn to Sam , they eye meet . he look hesitant , unsure . she give he a reserve little smile , nod she head slightly as if say " you can do this " ... and in she look he find strength , get up , slowly make he way to ... front altar and now we see Sam on he knee in the baptismal tank . the water almost up to he waist . pastor krause kneel behind he . pastor krause ( cont 'd ) receive Jesus as you Lord and saviour ... in the name of the father and of the son and of the Holy ghost ... ... and he lean Sam back , cradling he head as he submerges he in the water completely ... and when Sam come back up the church break into rowdy hallelujahs !... and we see Lynn ... tear in she eye ... 15 clap in the back row ... and a organist and singer begin to sing " amazing Grace " take we to ... omitted ext . construction site - day - ( JUNE / 1999 ) month later and the snow have thaw ... it 's summer ... and we see Sam with other construction worker finish they day , pack up they tool , clean up . we notice that he gaunt cheek have fill out and he look healthier . and now a contractor come up to Sam , hand he a check . contractor thanks for you help , Sam . SAM you need I to stay on , I can . contractor we be movin inside next week . SAM I can drywall , tile , whatever you get . know my way round some electrical too . contractor sorry , Sam , I gotta cut the crew . just be not enough work . ext . step - childer mobile home - night Sam alone on this step , lose in think . screen door open and Lynn come out , sit next to he . SAM she asleep ? lynn think so , in we bed ... she 's funny . beat . SAM job 's do . lynn I think that be goin through August ? Sam shake he head , and they be quiet ... both of they sit here on this step ... the burden of this life catch up to they in this moment . 16 int . employment office - day a woman stare down at she desk with a frown , shaking she head . Sam sit in a small chair in front of she . woman I get something in Pitt , but you gotta have some college for that . SAM I be a hard worker and I learn real fast . woman but you get no education , Mr. childer . ext . used car lot - day and we see Sam stand next to he harley , talk to a mechanic . mechanic ... do not deal bike . probably have a better shot if you take it over to Pitt . or maybe down to Philly . SAM I gotta sell it today . mechanic give you four hundred for it . SAM there 's almost two grand on this bike . they pipe right there be custom . you wont see pipe like that on anything round here . mechanic like I say , do not deal bike . I will give you four-twenty . Cash . best I can do . int . paige' room - childer' mobile home - night Sam on the edge of paige 's bed read she a children' book . SAM ( reading ) " into the street the piper stept , smile first a little smile , then three shrill note the pipe uttere like a great and mighty army muttere ... " paige what 's uttere ? SAM like speak up , make a sound . 17 paige okay , keep goin . SAM ( turn the page ) and out of the house the rat come tumblin , black rat , brown rat , brother rat , sister rat , and husband rat follow they little rat wife ... til they come to the ragin water where they drown and lose they life . " paige they get rid all they rat ? SAM yep . paige how come you sell yer harley ? SAM Cause it 's what I have to do . off she look ... SAM ( cont 'd ) we be gonna be ok , bug , do not you worry . paige curl into he closer , and we be watch he here ... in this moment ... hold he daughter ... not so sure they be gonna be ok . ext . the crossroad bar parking lot / int . lynn be car - day close on Sam , behind the wheel of the car , park , stare out the front windshield . reverse to see he 's in the parking lot of the bar , just watch the entrance . int . the crossroad bar - day empty except for a handful of regular . Sam come through the door , take in the place , the fuck grime and despair . move to donnie who be sit in he same spot ... donnie well , well , well , wonder when I be gonna see you again , ole buddy . how you doin ? Sam sit . SAM I be doin . donnie Heard you be followin the Lord now . 18 SAM lil ' bit . donnie size he up , " how much be a little bit ? " , turn to the bartender ... donnie Jackie , gimme a mash and bud ... ( to SAM ) you want something ? Sam shake he head . donnie ( cont 'd ) you know that old indian do not die out there that night . Story in the lehigh Valley News bout it . somebody pick that poor bastard up after we , take he to the emergency room , you believe that shit ? SAM God be lookin out for we both , I suppose . waitress slide a shot and beer in front of donnie ... donnie well then , here 's to he . ( drink ) do not hear you pull up . SAM get Lynn 's car . donnie she break down on ya ? SAM sold she . donnie ahhh , shit , man . shoulda come to yer ole buddy first . donnie smile , invite he back into this world . and we be watch Sam , threshold moment here , consider . int . childer mobile home - night it 's late and we see Lynn sit at the kitchen table alone . Sam have not come home and she be clearly worried . and then we hear a car pull up outside , door open and close , and Sam come into the trailer . SAM sorry I be late . 19 Lynn stare at he , try to read this man 's face but he 's not look at she . avoid she gaze . do he use ? be he high ? and then she see a pinprick of dried blood on he shirtsleeve . her face contort almost imperceptibly . her worst fear realize . relapse . and she move to he without say a word ... lift up he arm and unbutton the cuff of he shirt ... slowly push up he shirtsleeve to discover a needle prick in he arm ... ... and then he pull out a $ 20 bill and hand it to she . SAM ( cont 'd ) gave blood over in Pitt . Lynn search he eye and she know he 's tell the truth . SAM ( cont 'd ) that 's all I get . and she pull he close , hugging he tight , grateful . lynn somethin will come through . I promise . and we hold on Sam , he troubled eye . completely out of option . and we see that for this man the inability to provide for he family be crush . ext . mobile home park - night heavy wind ! -- flash of lightening ! -- a storm start to batter the trailer park . int . childer mobile home - night Lynn in front of the tv , scared , watch a emergency weather warning ... wind buffete the trailer ... Sam come into the room from the back ... lynn two touch down near harrisberg . ext . childer mobile home - night Sam open the door , come down the step , look up to the sky and it be fuck black , swirl , ominous . int . childer mobile home - night Sam come back into the trailer fast -- SAM come on ! let 's go ... Lynn follow he -- 20 int . hallway - childer mobile home - night -- down the hallway -- wind picking up -- start to rock the trailer back and forth . SAM get paige , grab a blanket . -- Lynn darting into a bedroom , scoop paige out of she bed . int . back bedroom - mobile home - night Sam come in , move to a metal gun locker in the corner of the room , pull out a shotgun . int . live room - mobile home - night the wind -- slamming the trailer now -- Lynn and paige -- terrify - - watch as Sam move to the center of the room , point the barrel of the shotgun toward the floor and -- boom ! boom ! boom ! boom ! blow four gape hole in the floorboard , then start to kick through the wood with he boot -- lynn ( yell , over the wind ) what be you do ?! he kick a hole in the plank , turn to Lynn and paige -- SAM get in ! paige crawl through the open ... into a shallow trench underneath the trailer ... Lynn squeezing in behind she ... Sam stay outside ... no room for he ... the trailer start to buck violently in the tempest ... thin wall contort around he ... ... and paige start to cry -- terrify -- Sam lay down on the floor next to the open , close enough so she can hear he voice ... SAM ( cont 'd ) bug , you hear I ?! -- bug ?! paige yeah . and he start to play a child 's word association game with she ... something she know ... something they have play before ... SAM I be thinkin of a snail ... you hear I , bug ?! snail . 21 and we hear she tiny little voice say ... paige whale . SAM good job , bug , good job ! you say whale , I be thinkin of a pail ! paige you say pail , I be thinkin of a tail . and so this little game go between father and daughter ... paige listen to he voice ... in the midst of this terrible storm ... somehow become less terrify . ext . mobile home park - day a brilliantly clear day and we see neighbor pick up after the storm . Sam on a ladder lean against the trailer , nail down a strip of bent aluminum as a pickup truck pull up . window roll down and we see it 's the contractor from before . contractor Sam . SAM billy . contractor try to ring ya but you phone down . SAM yep . Sam climb down , move to the truck , shake he hand . contractor look like ya make it through pretty good . SAM we be alright . contractor damn twister touch down eight place between here and noblesville . chew up six hundred home in fulton County alone . ( beat ) get all the work you can handle if you be interested . SAM I be interested ... Sam , seize a opportunity here . 22 SAM ( cont 'd ) but I be puttin my own crew together . we go 50 / 50 on the job . you cover any heavy machine I need . contractor 60/40 till you pay I back on the tool . then we will go half . SAM you get a deal . CUT to : ext . mobile home park - day a shot of Lynn carefully apply a vinyl application on the side of a new ( but use ) truck that read , " childer construction company " CUT to : ext . childer' house - day - ( JULY /2000 ) c.u. on lynn 's close eye -- smile -- lynn what be you doin , Sam childer ? month later and we're with Lynn and paige , they eye shut , as Sam lead they both by the hand ... paige I wanna peek . SAM keep they close . Sam finally stop they . SAM ( cont 'd ) ok . open they up . they do and both of they eye go wide with surprise . paige where be we ? SAM we be home , little girl . reverse to see a modest two bedroom house at the end of this driveway . they new home . paige that 's ours ? 23 SAM sure be . go check it out . paige sprint for the house as Lynn hug Sam , softly start to cry into he shoulder . lynn it 's beautiful . int . childer house - night the first night in they new home and we see a few unpack move box here . int . paige' room - childer house - night paige sound asleep on a small bed upstairs . int . kitchen - childer ' house - night Lynn in the kitchen organize the cabinet . and Sam enter carry a box , set it on the counter . SAM that 's everything . lynn you get what 's in the trunk ? SAM yep . Lynn look up , see how dirty Sam be from the move ... lynn Lord , you be filthy , Sam childer . Lynn toss he a kitchen towel . Sam , smile mischievously ... SAM who you callin filthy , woman ? lynn you . SAM you dirtier than I be . lynn no I be not . SAM yes you be . I see it . c'mon , girl , gimme a little shake ... 24 Sam winking at she and playfully snap a kitchen towel at she butt ... Lynn giggle and scoot away ... lynn I be not doin that no more . SAM ... just a little something for yer old man , c'mon ... and he snap she butt again but she grab the towel and snap he back ... SAM ( cont 'd ) owww ! lynn you gimme a little shake ... she snap he again and he feel the sting ... SAM c'mon , Lynn ... she snap he again but he grab she and they fall into each other against the counter ... laugh ... and he kiss she ... playful at first and then it become more passionate ... and just as it start to lead somewhere we go ... int . church - day - ( august /2002 ) two year later and we be watch a congregation finish a Sunday hymn . Sam , Lynn , Daisy , and paige ( 10 ) in the crowd listen to pastor krause . pastor krause today we be bless with a special guest . it 's my pleasure to welcome pastor relling from the kilangire Christian Ministry in uganda , Africa . pastor ... polite applause as a tall , white South African man name paul relling step up to the pulpit , and in a deep afrikaner accent he begins -- relling thank you pastor krause , and thank you brother and sister for invite I into this house of the Lord . ( beat ) I be here today to talk to you about you Christian brother and sister , family just like yours , a half a world away that desperately need you help ... and we see Sam in this sea of face , listen . 25 int . foyer - church - day parishioner slowly filing out of the church after service . Lynn , paige , and a few other woman chat by the entrance . and now Lynn look over she shoulder and see Sam talk with Paul relling off to the side , just the two of they in a corner , deep in discussion . int . childer house - night the first thing we notice be the relative " opulence " of this place ... deep shag , new color tv , match sectional sofa ... the rural idea of make it . Sam , Lynn , Daisy and paige at the dinner table eat . Sam in he own world , oblivious to the minor conversation until -- lynn paige , go get some more bean . paige head to the kitchen . lynn ( cont 'd ) what be you think ? SAM think about Africa . paige come back in carry the bean . paige they have tiger over there ? SAM ( jokingly ) they eat people ! lynn what about Africa ? SAM just thinkin bout that fella today . paige he talk funny . lynn just from a different place than we , baby , that 's all . SAM be thinkin maybe I would go over there . help they out fer a few week . 26 daisy Africa ? paige to see the tiger . SAM he be talkin about puttin box beam roof on school house over there . lynn what about finish that job in boswell ? SAM I will only be go a few week . be back before you know it . ext . mission construction site - outside kampala - day two week later and we're in the rural countryside outside kampala , uganda . Sam on the roof of a bomb out school building with other white volunteer , work . Sam look below to see a dozen black man dress in the rag fatigue of the sudanese people 's Liberation Army ( spla ) . each be carry a AK 47 and stand guard at various point around this compound . the lead soldier be a man name deng . angle three other we will come to know as " nineteen " , " marco " and " a.j . " ext . mission construction site - day it 's later and we see Deng sit underneath a awning by himself , work on he machine gun . Sam approach ... SAM you ugandan Army or what ? deng spla . SAM what 's that ? deng sudanese people 's Liberation Army . we be freedom fighter . SAM name 's Sam childer . deng I be Deng . there be a certain reserve nobility in this man , in the way he carry himself and speak . a unwaver strength and self - reliance bear from a lifetime of war and struggle . 27 SAM ( be : Deng 's weapon ) givin ya problem ? deng yes . a bit . SAM double-feed ? deng sometimes . SAM lemme have a look ... Deng hesitates , then hand he AK over to Sam who pop the mag out and study it ... SAM ( cont 'd ) yer mag be tight . see here ... ( indicating ) the load be feedin right to the barrel face . that 's yer problem ... Sam pull out a knife and begin to work on the base plate of the mag as he explain ... SAM ( cont 'd ) ... you need this plate to ramp into the chamber ... that way yer brass will not get stick ... ( finishing ) ... there ya go , should be better ... and Sam hand the weapon back . deng thank you . SAM no problem . deng be you military ? SAM no , not I . I be not the military type . ai not so good with bein tell what to do . deng when do you learn about weapon ? Sam consider the question for a moment ... then simply say ... 28 SAM Long time ago . different life . int . dorm - mission - night Fifteen or twenty volunteer loung on cot in this dorm , play card , talk , smoking . and we find Sam off from the group , on he bunk , read the Bible ... voice ( o.s. ) hey childer ... Sam turn to find a british man in he late 20' name dan stand next to he , thick cockney accent , smoking a cigarette . dan some of we be go into kampala tomorrow night . find ourselves a little fun this weekend . you in ? SAM I be thinkin bout goin up north . dan you crazy ? there 's a civil war go on up there . SAM I know . ext . mission construction site - outside kampala - day it 's mid-day , blaze hot , and we see Sam approach Deng . SAM hey , Deng , you wanna Coke ? Sam offer he a can and he take it . deng thank you . SAM get a question for ya . deng yes ? SAM I wanna go into Sudan this weekend . need someone to show I around . you interested ? deng the other be go into kampala . 29 SAM that be not my speed no more . I wanna see some country . Deng look at he , surprised by the request ... deng you want to see ? ext . dirt road - rural uganda - day a dirt road cut through grassy plain stretch in every direction ... and we see a bright yellow bus speed toward we in the distance , kick a rooster tail of dust high into the air ... and as it get closer we see 15 or 20 man pile onto the roof , hang on for dear life as this bus bounce over the road ... int . bus - drive - rural uganda - same ... Sam and Deng cramme into this crowded bus ... SAM they always drive this fast ? deng travel be the most dangerous time in Sudan . if the rebel find you on the open road it would be very bad . a awkward silence as Deng stare out the window . Sam want to connect here , but Deng be reticent . SAM you get kid , Deng ? deng no . I have no child . SAM where you from ? deng a little village call aweil . many hour from here . SAM that 's where you family be ? and Deng simply say ... deng my family be kill by lra . ( beat ) unyama be about two hour from here . we will stop there for lunch . 30 Deng turn and look out the window again , silent , quietly watch the land blur past . and Sam say nothing more , intuitively feel this man 's need to be alone in the moment . a great , lose giant . ext . unyama refugee camp , uganda - day a dense sea of people . 20,000 displace refugee live on top of each other . life be live out in the open here ... woman bent over brightly color washtub sloshing clothes in soapy water ... smoke from giant cooking pot drift into the air ... semi-cloth child , some with even young child on they hip , run everywhere . the poverty and hopelessness be overwhelming . and we see Sam and Deng walk through the camp ... deng the Muslim North have try to kill the Christian South for 30 year . two million have lose they life ... Deng sweeping he hand , indicate the mass of refugee . deng ( cont 'd ) ... this people have be drive from they village , however this camp be not much better ... ext . medical area - unyama refugee camp , uganda - day a row of wood shed and wear nylon tent mark the hospital area . each enclosure jamme with the desperately sick . Battle -weary aid worker move among they , do what they can , caring for the one who be most desperately ill . deng cholera and malaria be everywhere , there be little food and not enough UN soldier to protect everyone . even here they worry the lra will attack at night . and another spla soldier come up to Deng -- spla soldier 1 ( arabic ) be you from kitgum ? deng ( arabic ) yes . spla soldier 1 ( arabic ) someone want to speak with you . 31 Deng turn to Sam ... deng I be sorry , Sam ... I will be five minute . SAM course , do what you gotta do . Deng leave and now Sam be completely alone , take in this mire of humanity all around he . and suddenly there 's commotion ! -- two aid worker come into this tent carry a woman on a stretcher . one of the aid worker look around -- a white woman -- mid 30 's -- she name be agnete closson , Regional director of doctor without Borders . she see Sam across the tent . agnete Excuse I . you . can you help please ? Sam move to she -- agnete ( cont 'd ) we need to transfer she to the bed . get she shoulder ... Sam grab the woman underneath the shoulder as another aid worker get she foot ... agnete ( cont 'd ) one , two , three ... and they swing the woman over to a cot ... but as they do the sheer piece of blood - stain muslin that be cover she face fall away ... and we see that she have be mutilate ... she lip cut off of she face ... ... and now a doctor sweep into the tent and begin to work on she . Sam and agnete push back , away from the action . Sam still shocked by what he 's see . SAM what happen to she face ? agnete the rebel cut off she lip because she argue . this be kony 's order . SAM who 's kony ? agnete , suddenly suspicious , take a appraise look of Sam . agnete who be you with ? SAM I be with Deng over there . 32 agnete what organization be you with ? SAM work with a Christian group down South . just up here takin a look around , seein a bit of the country . agnete this be not a tourist destination , this be a war zone . you stay in this area , you ' will be kill . ( beat ) thank you for you help . and she walk off . ext . nimule , sudan - dusk establish a bustling trading center on the border of uganda and Sudan . noisy and overpopulate , a maze of concrete and tin building , hundred of people on the street , riding bicycle , finish they business before nightfall . int . HOTEL room - nimule , sudan - night a stale room with two cot , bare , institutional . Deng on the edge of he cot , pull off he boot , take off he jacket , get comfortable . and we see Sam sit on a small balcony overlook the empty street below . deng some say Joseph kony be a wizard . a shapeshifter . he call himself a Christian ... he pull a baggy of tobacco from he pocket and begin to roll a cigarette ... deng ( cont 'd ) ... but I say he be Satan , who devour he own people . SAM kony be the leader of the lra ? deng he be the one we have be fight for year . but there be very little we can do . we weapon be old , and we boot be full of hole . we have be forget by the rest of the world . and now Deng turn to Sam ... 33 deng ( cont 'd ) why be you here ? SAM s'cuse I ? deng what be you look for in this place ? SAM ai not lookin for nuthin . Deng stare at he , skeptical ... deng and then you will get you picture and go back to you life and all this will just be a story you tell you friend . int / ext . HOTEL - nimule , sudan - night Sam have no response ... and Deng light he cigarette ... and suddenly we hear voice ... through the open window ... child 's voice ... Sam peer into the darkness but see nothing ... only empty street ... and then one- by-one ... out of the darkness like apparition ... we see child come up the street carry bedroll ... some of they sing spiritual hymn as they walk ... laugh as child do ... at first just a dozen or so ... and then more ... fifty ... a hundred ... ext . HOTEL room balcony - numile , sudan - night Deng step onto the balcony next to Sam . deng they be night commuter . they come from deep in the bush . they parent send they out because it be safer to sleep here than in they own home . SAM why ? deng because death come at night in the village and refugee camp . and we continue to watch this great migration of child ... now stream into this town ... a few of they find a dark corner just below we ... unrol they reed mat ... huddle up against each other for the long night ... deng ( cont 'd ) this be the lucky one so far . the one the rebel have not find . the invisible child . 34 Sam watch they for another beat then suddenly turn , move back into the room ... deng ( cont 'd ) where be you go ? int . stairway - HOTEL - nimule , sudan - night Sam come down this step . Deng follow . deng ( calling after ) Sam ... ext . HOTEL - nimule , sudan - night Sam exite the hotel , move to a group of 5 child huddle on the sidewalk ... SAM get up ... let 's go ... the child look up , surprised to see a white man here ... SAM ( cont 'd ) come on ... the child get to they foot ... and Sam move to another cluster of child up the block as Deng catch up to he ... deng what be you do ? SAM they be not sleepin out here . tell they they be comin inside . ( to child on the ground ) ya will get up ... let 's go ... and Sam start to move up the block further , want to gather up more child , but Deng stop he ... deng Sam , there be too many ... and he look up the street and we see more child here than we think ... hundred of young kid huddle on the street ... deng ( cont 'd ) ... you can not help they all . Sam know he 's right . a moment here as he look to the child he 's gather , stare up at he ... SAM I can help this here . 35 int . HOTEL room - nimule , sudan - night -- and a dozen child be ushere into this small room . Sam push they cot against a wall so there 's more space . Deng speak to the child -- deng ( arabic ) settle down ... it 's alright ... you can sleep here till morning ... -- and they begin to settle onto the floor ... and now we notice a particular boy in this group ... maybe 8 year old ... wear bright GREEN short ... and we watch as he and he sister move to a corner of the room and unroll they mat ... ... and eventually Sam turn off the lamp and we stay here in the dark ... Sam on he cot , listen to this 12 little child breathe ... they shifting body on the floor try to get comfortable ... and then ... CUT to : int . HOTEL room - numile , sudan - day Sam 's close eye ... sound asleep ... just before dawn . Deng stand over he , shaking he awake ... deng the lra attack a village last night . Sam look up to he ... deng ( cont 'd ) you say you want to see . Sam sit up , look around the hotel room and we see that it 's empty ... the child vanish ... only a small , handmade toy on the ground which have be leave behind . int . pickup truck - drive - rural sudan - day Sam , Deng , and a few other spla soldier jamme into the flatbe of this truck , carry heavy weapon , bounce fast over this open dirt road ... featureless savanna fading into sporadic mud hut ... the outskirt of a village in the distance ... and thin column of black smoke twist into the air ... ... and as the truck get closer to the village we begin to pass child walk along the side of the road ... night commuter return to they village ... some of they huddle together , weep ... 36 ... and we notice -- Sam notice -- the little boy in the GREEN short , walk hand - in-hand with he sister , they face quiet mask of fear as they move closer to they home . ext . village - yei , sudan - day the pickup arrive and Sam , Deng , and the other soldier hop out ... and this be what they see : complete devastation . 30 or 40 body mutilate and stack outside smoking tukul . some child already here , on they knee , weep next to the corpse of they parent . if you could smell the air it would smell of burnt flesh and death . Sam silent , aghast , just stare at the horror all around he ... ... and now we see GREEN short and he sister arrive at the village ... move to they family 's tukul and discover they mother and father pile outside . nake and burn alive . and the sister fall onto she mother 's corpse and begin to wail as GREEN short stand there -- freeze -- stare down at he dead parent -- and suddenly -- movement ! -- from inside the tukul ... a small dog ... a family pet ... darting into the open ... run across the dirt ... GREEN short go after it , yell he name ... Sam watch the boy chase after he dog , round a corner out of sight ... ... for a moment ... ... just the boy 's voice call after he dog ... and then ... boooom ! a muffle burst -- in the distance -- Sam , Deng , and the other soldier run out of the village toward the explosion ... ext . dirt road - yei , sudan - day ... Sam , Deng , and the other arrive at the source of the explosion . and we see GREEN short lay on the side of the road ... cut in half by a land mine ... he dead eye wide open with surprise ... ... and Sam drop to he knee ... lift what 's leave of the boy into he arm and rock he back and forth ... and we watch as a terrible sadness overtake he ... something happen here ... a fierce and overwhelming burden drop into this man as he hold this dead boy ... in the dirt ... in the middle of this savage world ... ... and as Sam put it , he " life change forever " in this moment ... and we see he look up to the heaven ... 37 tear stream down he face ... say something we can not hear , but it 's a promise ... to God ... to save the child of Sudan . int . pittsburgh airport - day a bright , fluorescent corridor fill with garish advertising and harry traveler rush to make plane ... and we find Sam come down this concourse , carry he duffle bag , he face expressionless . he reach a revolve door but stop ... do not pass through ... see Lynn , paige , and he mother wait for he on the other side ... they happy , expectant face ... but they do not see he yet ... and he just stay here ... hide ... watch they through the glass ... and as Sam put it , at this moment he realize he would never look at he own family the same way again ... in some way lose to they forever after what he see on the side of road in yei ... ... and finally he force a smile , push through the revolve door and we watch , from this side of the glass , as paige leap into he arm ... Lynn and Daisy move to he too , embrace he , welcoming he home . int . bathroom - paige' room - childer house - night paige brush she tooth at the sink . Sam watch she from the doorway ... paige you see any tiger over there ? SAM naw , do not see no tiger . paige but they do have they over in Africa . SAM so I hear , but not where I be . paige sure be glad you be home . SAM I too , bug . paige I be thinkin of a plane ... SAM it 's late , you better get to bed ... and he grab she and carry she into the bedroom , plop she onto the bed ... 38 paige c'mon , plane ... I be thinkin of a plane ... Sam give in , play they little game as she get under the cover ... SAM you say plane , I be thinkin of a train ... paige you say train , I be thinkin of a brain . SAM you say brain , I be thinkin of a ... ( hesitating ) paige gotcha ! SAM ok , you get I . paige you coulda say drain , or mane ... like horse 's hair . Sam bend over , kissing she forehead ... SAM sweet dream , bug . int . hallway - childer house - night Sam come out of paige 's bedroom , pull the door close , find Lynn wait for he . lynn you comin to bed ? SAM in a bit lynn you ok ? SAM just a long flight . she sense more but know this man well enough not to push ... and so she simply turn away . ext . front porch - childer house - night quiet . just Sam on this porch all alone , be here for some time , eye far off , image in he mind he can not seem to shake . 39 and he step into the yard ... walk along the side of the house ... just move ... try to shed this feel like snakeskin ... ... and he come to something on the ground which stop he dead in he track ... something we do not see yet ... and slowly he reach down and pick up ... a little doll . one of paige 's toy . soil and fade and leave in the dirt . and we watch he hold this forget doll ... and what we see on he face be not pretty ... he world collapse out from under he ... try to keep rein on he emotion ... a battle he 's lose . int . bedroom - childer house - morning Lynn stir awake , look next to she and realize Sam never make it to bed the night before . ext . childer house - morning Lynn come out the front door in she nightgown , see a light on in a utility shed in the back ... int . utility shed - morning ... Lynn slowly push open the door to find Sam on the floor , hunch over a pad of paige 's art paper ... draw ... paper wad strewn all around he ... be here all night ... lynn baby , whatcha doin ? he look up ... SAM makin plan . lynn you be to bed yet ? he gather up a couple of the papers , move to she . SAM I have a vision last night , Lynn . crazy as it sound , God speak to I ... he hand she a sheet of paper -- cu to see it 's a crude draw of building . SAM ( cont 'd ) I be gonna build a church . lynn a church ? 40 SAM right across the street . not like faith United or Calvary Fellowship . place that be not gonna turn you away if you a drug addict or a prostitute or whatever . place for sinner , just like I , who wanna hear the word of God . Lynn study he , try to judge how serious he be here . and Sam look back at she , he eye like we have not see they before . sparkle . lynn how we gonna pay for a church , Sam ? SAM we get money in the bank . Business be good . besides , I own a construction company ... ( smiling ) I be gonna give we one heck of a good deal on the build . she smile , shaking she head , catch he enthusiasm ... lynn yer crazy . SAM ` lil bit . lynn what 's that ? he hand she the other paper -- cu to see it 's a another draw . SAM that 's the orphanage I wanna build . in Sudan . CUT to : ext . rural road - central CITY , penn . - day - ( may /2003 ) eight month later and we be look at a simple , cinder block church which be under construction . a scatter of pickup truck park at the site and a flurry of activity . workmen pour cement , lay sheetrock , etc . and Sam in the middle of this crew , put the finish touch on a timber frame which be about to be raise . ext . playground - johnstown , penn . - day Children at play , laugh , scream , swinging on swing set and digging in a sand pit . and we see Sam off to the side , lean against a ( new ) black harley , watch paige play in the group . 41 voice ( o.s. ) Sam childer ... Sam turn to see a biker , late 40' , leather vest , stand with he 12 year old daughter . SAM that 's I . the biker extend he hand , they shake . biker hey bro , Ben Hobbes , know each other long time ago . SAM yeah , Ben , how you doin ? daughter daddy , I be gonna go . biker ok , sweetie ... she run off . biker ( cont 'd ) goddamn , they grow up quick , do not they ? SAM sure do . biker hey , nuthin fer nuthin , Sam , but rumor have it you be puttin up a chapel over there in Central City . SAM that 's right . gonna minister to anybody who 's lookin for the Lord . biker that 's good , man . maybe you can do something bout you old friend , donnie . SAM what about they ? biker he be not doin so good , bro . but hey , good seein ya ' man . 42 ext . crack house - johnstown , penn . - day a tear up house in a shitty part of town , window spray paint black . Sam pull up to the curb on he harley , get off , open one of the bike 's hard case and pull out the same sawed off 10 gage we have see before ... chamber a slug as he move toward the house ... int . crack house - johnstown , penn . - day Dark , junkie squalor . two or three people slump on a ratty couch , strung - out , watch a flicker tv -- and then -- the front door cave in ! Sam come into the house -- saw - off levele -- junky scramble for cover -- yelling ! -- chaos ! -- Sam move into -- int . crack house - back room - day Sam come around the corner and find himself face - to- face with a crackhead point a .357 magnum -- eye amp up and wild -- shaking -- a stand - off -- and Sam see a body on a bare mattress in the b.g. -- bone thin and pale -- spend hypodermic hang out of he arm -- it 's donnie . SAM I be here for that boy right there . you gonna get in the way a that ? a tense beat -- not sure how this be gonna go -- and then the crackhead shake he head " no " int . childer house - central CITY , penn . - day donnie in a bed , cover pull up to he neck and he 's shaking bad , retching in a bucket , deep in the throes of a detox . Sam and Lynn here do what they can , toweling off he forehead , try to keep he warm , as donnie pull the sheet tighter , gritting he tooth , shaking he head . donnie I can not do this . SAM look at I . God do not make trash , boy . now he be not givin up on you , so do not give up on he , you hear I ? and somehow donnie find strength in he word , and in Sam 's hand touch he head , and he nod . 43 ext . rural road - central CITY , penn . - day - ( august /2003 ) a bright Sunday morning and we be stare at the cinder block church which be almost completely finish ... the sound of a garage band come from inside , play a unlikely rendition of a spiritual hymn ... and a handful of people , dress for service , move up the cement stair into ... int . entry hall - shekinah fellowship church - day and we see donnie , dress in he biker jacket and a buttondown shirt , sober for the moment , greeting people as they come through the front door . stand next to he be Daisy hand out program . donnie welcome to shekinah Fellowship Church . int . chapel - shekinah fellowship church - central CITY - day still under construction . expose beam and bare insulation on the wall . there 's a small riser at the front of the hall with a altar , organ , and the garage band play the rock - out hymn . a handful of people here sit in pews . farmer in clean overall , factory worker , biker still dress in they riding leather , listen to the garage band and chat . and now we see Lynn and paige ( 11 ) stand near the back . Lynn nervous , check she watch . int . foyer - shekinah fellowship church - day Sam on he knee , sleeve roll up to he elbow , wrenching a leak pipe . Lynn and Daisy walk in ... lynn it 's five - till and he still be not here . Sam hearing this , move to he foot , toweling off he hand . SAM you call he ? ( lynn nods ) try he again . Lynn exit and Daisy step forward , shut the door behind she . just she and Sam here alone now . daisy you like this dress , Sam ? SAM what , mom ? 44 daisy you be not never see this one . I buy it a long time ago . be keepin it for a special occasion . SAM it 's nice . daisy I never tell you this but when I be pregnant with you , now this be way back , probably 1960 , when yer daddy and I be still in Grand rapid , a pastor prophesied over I . pull I right up on stage and laid he hand on my belly and tell I I be gonna have a preacher for a son . ( smile at the think ) yer daddy and I be so proud . I remember we go home and neither of we could sleep all night . just laid there and talk bout you , bout what be comin . SAM I just build a church . I be not no preacher . daisy yes you be . you be bear to it . just take you a little way to get here . int . chapel - shekinah fellowship church - day Sam enter at the back of the chapel , take a moment to appreciate what he 's look at : 20 or 30 people here in the church that he build . a dream realize . and he walk down the center aisle , shaking hand with a few people , climb step to the altar and switch on the microphone ... SAM ( to the band ) thank you , Tommy . you boy be soundin pretty good up here . Sam turn to the crowd , clear he throat , clearly nervous . SAM ( cont 'd ) I wanna thank ya will for comin out for the first day of worship here at shekinah Fellowship Church . some applause . Lynn and paige sit with Daisy who be beam . 45 SAM ( cont 'd ) the guest preacher we have book today be not show up ... so I think I would say a word or two . a awkward beat ... SAM ( cont 'd ) lotta yous be wonderin what make I wanna build this here church . seein as I be not the best seed in the bunch I can understand that . a beat , consider what to say ... and he begin ... SAM ( cont 'd ) buncha year ago I be runnin from some bad fella in the wood over there by cleary . that old boy be comin after I hard and I reach in my bag lookin for my old shotgun but it be go . my momma have take it out when I be not lookin and put this bible in there instead ... Sam hold up a wear bible , and we start to notice something here ... a transformation happen in this man as he speak to this people . his nervousness fall away and a natural charisma take over ... SAM ( cont 'd ) well I figure I be do for , so I sit down under a old tree with this useless book and I wait ... and we see the congregation hang on he every word , identify with this man stand before they . one of they own . SAM ( cont 'd ) ... and then the strangest thing happen . they boy run right on past I . do not even see I sittin there . now the way I figure it , thing would have turn out pretty different if I have pull out that shotgun instead of this here Bible . and that 's probably the first time I can remember God savin my butt . ( beat ) God ... and my momma . some laughter and applause ... SAM ( cont 'd ) figure least I could do be build they both this church . and the congregation respond with a hallelujah ! 46 int . pittsburgh airport - day Sam hold paige , she face bury in he shoulder , cry . SAM be back soon as I can . paige you be gonna miss my play . SAM have momma videotape it for I , k? now I gotta git . Lynn pull paige off , kissing Sam on the lip . lynn call we when you can . SAM I will . Sam turn to donnie , and we see he 's back to the hulk man he once be . SAM ( cont 'd ) you watch out for they while I be go , ya hear ? donnie that 's do , buddy . Sam wink , slap donnie on the shoulder , as we -- CUT to : ext . spla camp - kitgum , uganda - day full screen - seven large shipping box ripped OPEN and we see a line of spla soldier ( include nineteen , marco , and a.j. ) sit in the dirt , pull on new boot , smile , spit - polish they to a high shine . Sam and Deng watch the soldier . deng you come all this way to bring we new boot ? int . truck - drive - day Deng drive fast down this bumpy road . Sam in the passenger seat . nineteen , Marco , and a.j. in the flatbe of this truck , ever watchful . 47 SAM right here , stop the truck ! ext . dirt road - deep in the BUSH - day Sam already out of the truck , move into the bush . Deng follow ... deng Sam , wait ... but he 's not listen , move through the scrub to a small clear ... walk around ... deng ( cont 'd ) it be not safe here . Sam kneel down , pick up a handful of red dirt , let it trickle through he finger ... SAM this be it ... ext . nimule - on the border of sudan and uganda - day establish a busy trading town on the border of Sudan and uganda . and we see a small crowd of villager stand underneath a tarp , watch a small color tv ( the only tv for mile ) -- on the screen we see a black man in a military uniform give a fiery speech -- this be JOHN garang -- one of the good guy -- the founder of the spla . int . government office - nimule , sudan - day a tight , cramped office fill with villager . two or three man here at desk handle the administration of life in the bush : renewing travel papers , register newborn child , hearing complaint from local farmer , etc . and we see Sam and Deng at one of this desk , a topographical map splay out in front of they . administrator this be not a good idea . SAM I think it 's a heckuva good idea . administrator it would be better further south . closer to kampala . SAM if I want to be closer to kampala , I would be closer to kampala . I wanna be right here ... Sam point to the map . the administrator turn to Deng -- 48 administrator ( arabic ) he should not be this far north . SAM what be you sayin ? administrator the village in this area be very remote , Mr. childer . there be nothing there . SAM then it seem to I they people need help the most . administrator ( to Deng , Arabic ) he will be kill . SAM talk to I . the administrator turn to he , lay it out simply -- administrator this be in the war zone , Mr. childer . the lra will kill you here . SAM I do not think you understand I , so lemme make it real clear to ya . I do not pick this land -- God do . ext . children' orphange - sudan - day - three month later what we be look at be the modest beginning of the angel of East Africa Children 's orphanage . a cluster of tukul and 2 or 3 rudimentary wood building build on the dirt Sam first let trickle between he finger . and we see life already find it 's place within this bamboo wall . acholi worker lay brick on what will eventually become a schoolhouse and chapel . and we find Sam with two or three small child who be cry for no apparent reason . he 's on he knee , try he best to soothe they but he be way out of he depth here . and now we see Deng in the b.g. approach with a powerfully build ugandan woman in she late 40' . deng ( introducing ) Sam ... this be Betty . she be from the village of kotido . a few mile from here . 49 SAM good to meet you Betty . Betty , no reaction . just the incessant cry of the child in the b.g. deng she be know that you need someone to run the orphanage . SAM I be lookin for somebody who can keep the place in order . make sure thing be take care of when I be away . deng she can do this . SAM she 's gonna have to take care of the child too , make sure they be feed , fix they when they be sick . can she do that ? Betty hear this , turn to the cry child and softly say -- betty ( arabic ) quiet now . -- and instantly they cry stop . SAM tell she she 's hire . int . dorm - children' orphange - night we see Betty and another Camp woman ( rose ) move through this room carry lantern , help the child get ready for sleep -- betty ( arabic ) you two share a blanket and tomorrow we will find another . rose ( arabic ) shhhh , it 's time to shut you eye ... and we see Sam here too , do what he can , tucking in a few of the kid , start to make a connection with this child . ext . children' orphanage - night and we see a handful of spla soldier station around the perimeter of the compound , stand guard . Sam and Deng sit next to a lantern by the front gate . 50 SAM you know what 's funny ? in English you name mean " darn it . " deng what be this `darn it ? ' SAM Deng . it mean vshuck . ' you know , like you stub you toe and you go " ahhhhh , deng ! " get it ? deng ( dead serious ) this be not funny . in my language , in Arabic , name be very important . they tell you everything about a man . ( become heat ) you name proceed you wherever you go . you be Sam . this be how you be know . in my language this mean something . Sam feel terrible , realize he 's offended he . SAM I be sorry , buddy . it be just a joke . quiet , awkward , just the two of they sit here quietly for a long beat . finally ... SAM ( cont 'd ) what do Sam mean in Arabic ? deng small penis . and Deng smile brightly . Sam realize he 's be play . and Deng start to laugh . a deep , guttural , infectious laugh . Sam join he , and we sense that at this moment this two have become friend . and gradually they laughter subside , and it 's quiet again . SAM can I ask you a question ? deng of course . SAM you believe in God ? Deng consider this for a beat , and then ... deng I be raise to believe there be a God in heaven . ( more ) 51 deng ( cont 'd ) but it be impossible to live here , to see what I have see , and not turn you back on he . beat . SAM maybe you will invite he in again one day . deng I do not think so . CUT to : ext . africa night - pitch black the heavy stillness of a African summer night . only the sound of kestrel hawk screeching far off in the distance , hunt prey ... and the drine of African cicadas buzzing all around we . int . dorm - children' orphanage - night the child sprawle on they mat sound asleep . int . soldier' barracks - children' orphange - night Deng and a few other soldier sleep on bedroll . int . sam' tukul - children' orphanage - night Sam sit on he cot . he rip open a airmail package and pull out a small videocassette , slide it in a videocamera , hit play -- on the SMALL video screen we see paige , dress in a pilgrim costume , perform in a Thanksgiving Day play . her voice come through the tiny speaker as she recite she line . Sam smile at what he 's watch . ext . front gate - children' orphanage - night a few of the spla soldier sit next to they weapon in the dark , smoking , toss bead into a carve wooden trough , play the ancient game of mancala -- soldier # 2 ( arabic ) that be a mistake ... soldier # 3 ( arabic ) where ? soldier # 2 ( arabic ) right here ... you third " house " be open ... 52 soldier # 3 reacting to he mistake as -- -- we see shadow in the darkness ... maybe 10 or 12 figure moving slowly through the underbrush ... lra rebel ... approaching the perimeter of the orphanage . the spla soldier oblivious to the advance . int . sam' tukul - children' orphanage - night Sam watch paige 's play -- when suddenly -- a explosion ! -- machinegun fire pop o.s. -- Sam hit the ground , scramble for cover -- ext . children' orphanage - night -- Sam rush out of he tukul -- see the front gate obliterated from a grenade blast -- bamboo fence burn -- the death song of ak47 's howling in the darkness -- new angle -- Sam hustling across the compound -- join Deng and another soldier behind a makeshift shed -- SAM how many be there ? deng two squad ... ( indicating ) there -- and there . Sam peer around the corner -- see muzzle flash in the blackness -- maybe 15 or 20 rebel move through the bush like specter -- flanking the compound -- SAM where be you man ? deng I do not know . Sam look around , realize the rest of the spla soldier be scattered throughout the compound fire randomly into the dark . SAM they be gonna pick we off like this ! Sam , split-second decision here -- and he start to sprint across the compound to -- 53 int . dorm - children' orphanage - night terrified scream ! -- the child cower in the corner -- Betty and Rose here try to calm they down -- betty ( arabic ) stay down ! -- stay down ! -- rose we be protect ! -- Sam burst through the door -- SAM -- Betty ! get they to the church right now ! ( arabic ) quickly . ( english ) understand ?! -- Betty nodd as Sam rush out -- int . storeroom - children' village orphanage - night -- Sam bombing into this shed -- quickly open a metal chest and pull out a ak47 and mag of ammo -- ext . front gate - children' orphanage - night -- Sam scramble across the compound with the AK -- move next to Deng and pop a mag into the machinegun -- SAM get yer man back to the church ! that 's we best shot ! I will cover you ... and Sam start to open up the AK -- lay down a curtain of suppression fire as Deng shout to he man -- deng ( arabic ) to the church ! -- -- and they start to fall back to the center of the orphanage -- int . chapel - children' orphanage - night Betty and the other Camp woman herding the terrify child into this building -- the only brick structure on the compound -- and then Deng , Marco , a.j. and the other spla soldier come in -- move to the window hole and return fire -- 54 ext . front gate - children' village orphanage - night Sam sweeping the AK back and forth , try to hold off the rebel as long as he can -- and then -- kabooom !! more of the fence eviscerate by a grenade blast . rebel advancing on the orphanage -- breaching the perimeter -- Sam become overwhelm in the fight -- fire as he retreat back into the compound -- int . chapel - children' orphanage - night -- Sam storming into the chapel -- turn to Betty -- SAM ( meaning the child ) put they in the middle ! Betty and the other woman do exactly that -- they move the child into a tight group in the center of the room . betty ( arabic ) down here ! -- in the center ! -- all of you ! -- stay down ! ext . children' orphanage - night rebel move through the compound , fire into tukul and set everything on fire . int . chapel - children' orphanage - night Sam , Deng and the other soldier return fire -- deng ( arabic ) four on the right ! nineteen ( arabic ) there be too many ! SAM just keep firin ! Sam start to open up with he AK -- krakakakakakak ! -- spend shell shower down around the child huddle in the middle of the room . 55 ext . children' orphanage - night rebel swarm around the chapel , but reach a point where they can not advance any further -- -- and we see a rebel squat behind a shed and screw a rpg into a launcher -- he pop up -- level the launcher at the chapel and -- krakakakakak ! he 's cut down before he 's able to fire -- int . chapel - children' orphanage - night -- Sam sweeping he AK across the compound -- the other soldier burn through magazine and reloading -- rebel fire back -- Betty and the child crowded on the floor in the middle of this STORM of gunfire -- and we stay in this little chapel -- watch this last stand -- until we -- CUT to : ext . children' orphanage - morning and we see the entire orphanage have be raze to the ground . Betty and a few of the child pick through the burn out building and torch tukul , look for anything salvageable . Deng , nineteen , and some of the spla soldier load the corpse of rebel into the back of the truck ... ... and now we find Sam stare at the brick chapel in the middle of the compound . the only structure that remain . everything else -- he entire dream -- in ash . int . grocery store - central CITY , penn . - night and we see Lynn push a shopping cart down the aisle , past shelf load with package produce . and we hear buz . Lynn digging the cell phone out of she purse -- lynn hello ? ext . STREET cafe - nimule , sudan - same ( day ) and we find Sam sit at a table along this dusty , crowded street . his duffelbag on the ground next to he . SAM ( into phone ) it 's I . int . grocery store - central CITY , penn . - night Lynn immediately sense something wrong . 56 lynn you ok ? ext . STREET cafe - nimule , sudan - same ( day ) and we see that he 's not . this man be empty , alone , defeat . SAM they burn it to the ground . all of it . ai not nuthin leave . int . grocery store - central CITY , penn . - night she hear the anguish in he voice . lynn where be you ? ext . STREET cafe - nimule , sudan - day SAM nimule ... int . grocery store - central CITY , penn . - night sam' voice ( o.s. ) ... I be comin home . and we be watch she here , clocking the resignation in he voice . a moment of quiet for both of they . Lynn sense the dimension of he heartache . all she want to do be bring he home , hold he close , ease he pain ... but she know that 's not what he need ... not this man ... ext . STREET cafe - nimule , cafe - day lynn' voice ( o.s. ) Sam ? SAM yeah . lynn' voice ( o.s. ) can you hear I ? SAM I can hear you . int . grocery store - central CITY , penn . - night and we see she move around a corner into a empty aisle , away from the other shopper . and she say ... 57 lynn then quit feelin sorry for yerself . they child have have they whole life burn to the ground and worse . how many of they you see givin up ? ext . STREET cafe - nimule , sudan - day and we watch Sam listen , find strength in what this woman say next ... lynn' voice ( o.s. ) God give you purpose , Sam childer . now stop yer cryin , get off yer butt and build it again . ext . children' orphanage - day begin sequence . give we a sense that many month be pass . -- Sam and a crew of village men haul the char remnant of tukul and burn building out of the compound on they back . -- the remainder of the bamboo fence that once surround the orphanage be tear down . -- nineteen , Marco , a.j. and a few other spla soldier cut the bush away from the edge of the compound with machete . SAM cut it all down ... so they get nowhere to hide ... -- Sam , Deng and the crew of village man digging post hole around the perimeter of the orphanage ... village man 1 ( arabic ) how far ? deng ( arabic ) all the way around ... -- the man sink metal beam into the hole with cement , then surround the compound with heavy gage chainlink fence . -- New dorm be build from brick . a infirmary . a mess hall . soldier' barracks . and finally , Sam lay the last brick on the chapel in the center of the compound . complete it . int . office - children' orphanage - day a simple administrative office with a short - wave radio and sit phone . Sam here , sit at a desk when we hear a knock at the door . 58 SAM come on in ... the door open and we see Deng . deng preacher , you need to come see this . ext . children' orphanage - day Sam follow Deng to the center of the compound where we see 5 or 6 camp woman ( include Betty and Rose ) dress in colorful robe and headdress . maybe 80 child here , quietly sit in the dirt , watch the woman . nineteen , Marco , a.j. and the rest of the spla soldier here too , watch from the side . SAM what 's goin on ? deng the acholi people be farmer before they be drive from they ancestral homeland . each year they bless the soil before a plant . and now the woman begin to move in unison ... sing a ancient acholi song as one of the older orphan boy beat a small drum in accompaniment ... deng ( cont 'd ) ( translating ) they be say that fire bring strength and ash abundance ... the woman continue they dance ... move in a tight circle and stomping they foot as they sing ... deng ( cont 'd ) ( translating ) ... when the land burn , the next year the soil produce more ... and now Betty peel away from the group and approach Sam , talk to he directly in Arabic ... betty ( arabic ) the child be you field ... deng ( translating ) ... she say you be a farmer and this child be you crop ... 59 Sam look to the 80 little orphan watch this from the side ... and now Betty bend down and scoops up a bit of ashen earth and run she finger across he forehead , bless he ... betty ( arabic ) ... and this ground will grow they tall . deng ... and this ground be richer now and they will grow stronger because of it . off SAM stand here with he ashen face , stare at this people in front of he -- he African family . int . mess hall - children' orphanage - day day later and we see Sam here with nineteen and a few other spla soldier , eat lunch , try to learn they language . and it 's humorous to this guy as Sam try to pronounce some word in Arabic ... and suddenly we hear yelling come from outside . ext . mess hall - children' orphanage - day Sam come out fast , see soldier pull open the front gate as three pickup truck speed into the compound -- spla military truck - - skid to a stop . Sam rush over as soldier help two young boy out of one of the truck . both be around 5 year old , injure and cry . and then a third child be lift out in a makeshift stretcher -- this be alice - - 10 year old -- she break body limp and bleed profusely -- mumble something to herself in Arabic over - and - over again -- int . infirmary - children' village orphanage - day -- door banging OPEN ! -- controlled chaos as the child be haul into this clinic -- Betty take care of Alice -- the worst off -- hook she up to a iv as Sam move to she bedside -- the little girl still mumble quietly -- SAM what be she say ? betty she be ask what she do wrong ? Sam take Alice 's hand in he ... very slowly she beautiful eye open and she see he ... and say something in Arabic ... betty ( cont 'd ) ( translating ) she be ask if you be ` the preacher . ' 60 SAM ( nodding ) tell she she 's gonna be ok . Betty translate and Alice smile faintly ... and now one of the other camp woman come over and Sam step back so they can work ... ext . infirmary - children' village orphanage - dusk Sam come out of the infirmary and find Deng here with a few of the spla soldier who bring the child . SAM where do they find they ? deng they village be hit out adjumani . off Sam , hearing this , we ... time dissolve to : ext . infirmary - children' village orphanage - dawn and we see Sam and Deng sit outside the infirmary , exhaust , be here all night wait . and now the door open and Betty come out . she look down at they and simply shake she head ... and we know Alice be dead . and it look like a grenade have go off inside Sam . and suddenly he grab a AK and get up , seethe , walk off ... deng Sam ... ext . compound - children' village orphange - day ... Sam walk fast through the compound ... Deng follow ... deng where be you go ? SAM adjumani . deng Sam , please wait ... SAM I be not waitin . you wanna see what waitin get ya ? take a look in that buildin over there ... Sam reach the suv and start to gear up ... 61 fade up the plaintive wail of a acholi war song ... haunt ... ethereal ... and then a chorus of voice rise up ... take we to ... int . suv - drive - deep in the BUSH - day bomb down this rutte , red dirt road . the engine at full tilt . Sam , Deng , nineteen , Marco , and a.j. jamme into this truck riding in dead silence ... ak47 's bounce between they knee ... only the sound of the war song play as we watch this man ... a grave stillness on they face ... think of what man do just before they own death . ext . dirt road - deep in the BUSH - day we see two lra vehicle approach in the distance ... a lead jeep and a pickup truck behind it ... int . lra pickup truck - drive - day four child soldier squatting in the flatbe of this truck carry ak47' . we recognize one of the boy as the young brother from the open scene -- william . int . lra jeep - drive - day with two adult rebel in this Jeep as they drive down this road past bomb - out vehicle ... and in the distance we see the smolder wreckage of a transport truck on the side of the road ... the thick smoke hang over the road like a black curtain ... block out vision of the road ahead ... ... and the Jeep punch into the black smoke follow by the pickup truck ... and we be lose in the swirl haze for a moment before come out the other side ... and this be what we see -- SAM -- stand in the middle of the road ahead of we shoulder a rpg -- the adult rebel see he just as -- whoooosh ! -- a rpg streak right at we and detonate -- kaboooom ! -- and the Jeep flip onto it 's side -- int . pickup truck - day the pickup grind to a stop ! -- the driver slamm it into reverse - - accelerate back into the curtain of smoke -- try to get the fuck out of there when -- bbrrraaaappp ! .30 caliber machinegun strafe across the front hood -- ext . suv - same -- and we see a.j. behind the .30 cal -- open it up -- bbraaaaaappp ! -- bbraaaaappp ! -- blast the engine compartment of the truck , try to disable it -- 62 ext . lra pickup truck - day -- the pickup truck reversing out of the black smoke -- out of control -- go off the road into a ditch -- william and the other boy bail out of the flatbe -- two adult rebel pile out of the cab -- scramble for cover behind the truck . ext . BUSH - day Sam , Deng , a.j. and the other hustling through the smoke and find cover . from Sam 's vantage point he see rebel hide behind the disabled truck for cover -- shoot back -- a wither firefight -- the big .30 cal roaring offscreen but the truck be protect the rebel -- no clear shot -- ext . lra transport truck - day William and the other child soldier here with two adult rebel -- crouch behind the truck for cover -- the adult rebel return fire , but the child be not move , scared shitless . William peer around the truck and see Sam fifty yard away , turn to the boy next to he ... william ( arabic ) it 's the white preacher ! the other boy reacting , this mean something to they . and now one of the adult rebel turn to the child ... adult rebel stand up and fight !!! and he pop up and return fire , but the boy do not move . ext . BUSH - day marco run through the smoke toward Sam . he hit the ground and start to screw a rpg into he launcher ... he want to hit the transport truck , but Sam shake he head , wave he off ... SAM no shot ! there be child behind the truck ! Marco hear this , ditch the rpg and pick up he AK . SAM ( cont 'd ) cover I ! Marco lay down suppression fire as Sam sprint across the road -- advance on the transport truck -- fire he AK from the hip -- bullet zing past he -- he dive behind a berm and find himself next to Deng . neither man say a word as they jam fresh mag into they AK 's , gunfire erupting all around they . 63 ext . lra transport truck - day the adult rebel continue fight -- alternately pop up from behind the truck and return fire . the adult rebel realize that William and the other boy still be not fight -- adult rebel fight you coward !!! but William and the other boy do not move , and the adult rebel keep shoot until he mag click empty . he look around and see a rpg launcher on the ground , pick it up , arm it -- ext . berm - day Sam and Deng behind the berm . Sam peer over just as gunfire miss he by inch . he drop back . deng why do not you just go home ? SAM what ? deng this be not you war . SAM you leavin ? Deng shake he head -- SAM ( cont 'd ) well then , I be not leavin neither ... Sam chamber a round , pivot around the berm as -- ext . lra transport truck - same -- the adult rebel stand up with the rpg -- fire ! -- at the same instant William shoot he in the head -- he jerk -- wooooosh ! -- the missile launching at a bad angle as -- SAM come out from behind the berm rpg streaking directly at he -- hit the ground short -- BA -whooom ! -- and our vision explode to white for a long beat ... only silence ... and then slowly the white begin to fade ... and we see Sam flat on he back ... eye blink open ... shell - shocked ... stare up at blue sky ... and then a shadow come over he ... someone step into he Pov ... 64 it 's William , hand hold open in surrender , stare curiously at this strange white man lay in the dirt ... and now Deng and Marco appear next to Sam and help he to he foot . and we see the battle be over . the remain child soldier slowly emerge from behind the lra truck ... lay down they weapon and walk toward Sam ... join William ... stare at this white man in front of they ... ... William reach into he pocket and ... ... Deng and Marco react -- lift they AK 's -- " do not move ! do not move ! " -- but the boy only pull out a fade photograph ... the one he grab just before he capture ... a picture of he and he older brother ... stand next to each other smile . william ( arabic ) have you see my brother ? int . dorm - children' orphanage - night 80 child lay on the floor on reed mat , get ready for sleep . and we find William in mid-conversation with a young boy name Anthony . william ... where be you from ? ANTHONY jabal . william be you with the rebel ? Anthony nod . William pull out he photograph . william ( cont 'd ) do you know my brother ? he be call Christopher . Anthony study the photograph ... william ( cont 'd ) he have a funny leave eye . it look the other way sometimes . do you remember he ? ANTHONY no . William fold up the photograph , get up , move to another little boy a few foot away ... kneel next to he ... and so he continue ... william I be William . be you with the rebel ? 65 ext . generator hut - children' orphanage - night a soldier cut off the generator and the compound go black . int . tukul - night and we see Sam on he cot when the light go out . he lean over and torch a small kerosene lamp next to he . int . dorm - night the child on they mat in the dark now ... quiet ... a few of the young one whimper , start to cry ... the darkness become too much ... remind they of past horror ... and then we hear a faint voice in this dark room ... sing quietly ... a ancient African lullaby ... and then other little voice join in ... sing this song they all know ... a song they mother 's once sing to they ... int . sam' tukul - children' orphanage - night ... Sam hearing the soft chorus drift across the compound ... somehow find comfort in it too ... blow out the lamp and lay here in the dark ... listen to the child sing . ext . children' orphanage - early morning a slow dissolve ... life spring up in the camp ... daylight break ... a routine see here ... Betty , Rose and the other camp woman arrive at the orphanage ... cooking fire be light ... soldier drink cup of strong coffee , warming themselves after a long night ... ... and Sam come out of he tukul carry he duffle bag ... discover William curl up next to he door , sleep on a mat in the dirt ... be there all night . William stir awake , see Sam above he and scramble to he foot . SAM mornin , buddy . William , no response . just stare up at he . SAM ( cont 'd ) ai not you gonna say nuthin ? William , nothing . SAM ( cont 'd ) ok then . and Sam walk across the compound follow by William a few pace behind ... and he reach Deng , Betty , nineteen , and a few of the other volunteer wait by the truck ... 66 deng ( meaning william ) look like you have get yourself a bodyguard . SAM guess I do . Sam toss he bag into the back , say goodbye to everyone ... SAM ( cont 'd ) take care of thing while I be go , ok ? deng I will , preacher . they shake hand and Sam get into the truck ... and we see William already here , sit in the backseat . SAM you can not come with I , buddy . deng ( to William , Arabic ) get out of there . but William be not move ... deng ( cont 'd ) ( arabic ) come on ! -- out ! -- ... and finally Deng reach in and grab he ... try to pull he out but he fight back ... yell as Deng drag he out of the truck ... int . truck - drive - day Sam turn around in he seat as we pull away from the compound ... and he see William still struggle in Deng 's arm ... and finally he break free and sprint for the truck as it drive off ... fast as he can ... chase Sam until he no longer can . CUT to : int . shekinah fellowship church / kitchen - central CITY , penn . - day and we see two teens move toward the sound of a crowd come from inside the church , responsive , " hallelujah ! " ... and then Sam 's voice over it all ... SAM ( o.s. ) in you action you give service to the Lord ... 67 int . chapel - shekinah fellowship church - central CITY - same Sam at the pulpit in mid-sermon . there be a air of Fire and brimstone to what we be watch here ... electric ... the congregation listen in rapt attention ... SAM ... he 's not interested in you good thought ... you good intention ... he want you hand ... you back ... you sweat ... you blood to pour into the foundation that will build up he kingdom ! ad-libbed shout and praise ... and now we see Lynn , Daisy , donnie and paige in the congregation listen ... as we go -- int . hallway / foyer - shekinah fellowship church - day Lynn and Sam walk through the facility , and we see this place be alive with activity . more than just a church , this be a community center . Lynn open a door and we see a volunteer here with a dozen little child run around this playroom ... lynn we start daycare last month . Monday through Friday from 8 to 2 ... Sunday after first worship for a few hour if anybody need it . how you doin , Sue ? volunteer good. hey pastor . SAM Sue . Lynn pull the door close and they continue ... move down a set of stair to the basement where we see child and parent ... some of they play ping - pong and air hockey ... other in a corner rehearse for a Christmas play ... SAM ( cont 'd ) be thinkin we need to put up a playground . swing . some thing the kid can climb on . lynn we can not build anymore . not for awhile . SAM you say Sunday have be full . lynn turn out be good , but that do not mean people be givin money . ( more ) 68 lynn ( cont 'd ) economy be in trouble , construction business be slow . Times be tight . SAM be good for they kid , Lynn . lynn they get the playground over in cairnbrook . and they can play at the school on weekend if they want Sam turn to she -- SAM not talk bout here . talkin about the orphange . Lynn catch up to he now , realize he head be still back in Africa . int . shed - childer house - day Sam work on he harley . donnie enter in the b.g. donnie what ' cha workin on , buddy ? SAM trouble with the push rod I think . she 's runnin kinda rough . donnie shoulda keep that mild in there `stead a buildin up a hot rod . let 's see whatcha get here ... donnie move next to he , work on the bike ... donnie ( cont 'd ) ... never have this problem when we be runnin solid lifter , huh ? SAM use to fix they old shovelhead on the side of the road with a buckknife and a wire hanger . donnie remember that year we go to the freaker Ball ? Sam smile ... SAM I think that old ` 78 break down five time on that trip . 69 donnie sound about right . shoot , we have more fun tryin to get there than when we finally do . Sam and donnie share a laugh . donnie ( cont 'd ) can I talk to you about something ? SAM yep . donnie I be glad I be walkin with the Lord and all , but sometimes I be not sure I be gonna be able to do what he want I to do . SAM the Lord do not ask for nuthin you can not deliver , buddy . and yer one tough ole boy . donnie sometimes I be not so sure how tough I be . and we see in donnie 's eye just how troubled he be . SAM why do not we pray together then ... and they both take a knee , bow they head as Sam continue ... SAM ( cont 'd ) we gracious heavenly Father , bless we with the strength to carry on in you name . and grant we , in we darkest hour , the understandin that you be always by we side . and we leave this two man , they head bow in quiet supplication , next to this harley , praying for strength . int . showroom - car dealership - johnstown , penn . - day ( JULY /2004 ) four or five gleam sedan on this showroom floor . and we see Sam sit across from bill wallace , late 40' , gold rolex . bill ... from what I hear , you build yourself one helluva church over there in Central City . 70 SAM still get a way to go , but we be gettin there . you should come on by one of this Sunday , bring the family . bill that 's nice of you , but we be at Calvary now . bit more we speed over there I think . Sam , get down to business ... SAM reverand carlton give a mean sermon , put I to shame . anyway Bill , I be here cause I wanna talk to you about what we be doin over there in Africa . bill course I know about what you be doin . helluva thing helpin out that kid , Sam . SAM thank you , but I be gonna be straight with ya . we be hurtin for money ... if we have a little bit more support from people like yourself sure would help thing run a lot smoother over there . Bill feel the rub , shaking he head ... bill Sam , look , everybody be feelin the pinch around here . SAM I hear that , but you gotta understand that they kid over there get nuthin . I mean nuthin , Bill , and I be not ask for much . bill how much you lookin for ? SAM five thousand dollar . bill Jesus Christ , Sam ! five thousand dollar ? SAM that keep they door open for another six month . 71 bill people be losin they job leave and right round here . tough to be askin for five thousand dollar for a buncha African child half - way around the world . Sam shifting , not give up , come at he another way ... SAM you be right . we get problem right here . but with that kinda money we could feed they kid , house they kid . Bill stare at he , say nothing , on the spot . Sam hope that somehow he 's reach this man . and finally Bill stand up ... bill alright , tell you what , lemme see what I can do . Sam feel this victory , flash a smile , shaking Bill 's hand . SAM ok . bill why do not you and the family come over to the house next Sunday . we be havin a little barbeque , ok ? SAM sound good . int . suburban house - day upscale french provincial in suburban johnstown . a " barbeque " be underway . 15 couple here with they kid and a handful of waiter in white - tie offer champagne and hor d'oeuvre to the guest . door bell ringing -- and we see a perky woman in she late 40' come through the crowd , blonde hair from a bottle , accessorize to the hilt , hold a glass of white wine . shannon wallace . she open the door to find Sam , Lynn , and paige stand in the doorway . shannon well , come on in ... and they enter ... Lynn smile awkwardly , dress in the same yellow dress we see she in previously ... she only dress ... and Sam look around this enormous room ... shannon ( cont 'd ) ya will must be the childer . welcome . I be Shannon , Bill 's ball - n-chain . 72 smiling , a joke she love ... lynn I be Lynn , this here be Sam , we daughter paige . shannon good to meet you . voice ( o.s. ) there he be ! everybody turn to see the car dealer come through the crowd , smile , a little drunk . ad - libbed introduction and then ... bill glad ya will could make it . get on in here and meet some people ... Bill ushere they deeper into the house ... quick intros to a few guest as they pass ... Sam , Lynn , and paige take it all in ... start to sense the dimension of this massive house ... the waiter in they press jacket offer they food ... the extravagance ... like nothing they have ever see ... ... Bill pull Sam off from the crowd so it 's just the two of they ... take a envelope from he jacket and hand it to he ... bill ( cont 'd ) this be a little something for the kid , ok ? what we be talk about . SAM thank you , Bill . bill forget it . now c'mon , can I get ya a mojito or something ? int . bathroom - suburban house - day Sam come into this bathroom and lock the door ... take the envelope out of he pocket and tear it open ... pull out a personal check -- close up to see it 's in the amount of $ 150 hold on Sam face , and it 's disgust we see in he eye . ext . suburban house - day Front door open fast and Lynn and paige come out , follow by Sam , push they along ... lynn Sam ... 73 paige why we leavin so soon ? Shannon appear in the doorway in the b.g. , call after ... shannon everything alright ?... Lynn turn to respond , but Sam keep she move forward , down the driveway , past the line of park BMW 's and mercede to they truck at the curb ... SAM get in the car . lynn what 's wrong ? as they load into the truck ... SAM sonuvabitch be cryin pour-mouth to I and he 's livin in the damn Taj Mahal ... lynn Sam ... SAM I ask he for five - thousand dollar to feed a buncha motherless baby and you know what he give I ? ( take out the check , wadding it up ) hundre and fifty buck . that 's it . handed it to I like it be gold bouillon ! sonuvabitch spend more than that on salsa for he party . int . childer house - day -- Sam come into the house , enraged , follow by Lynn . he move to he gun cabinet , grab a hide key , unlock it ... lynn what be you doin ? SAM I have have it with this people and all they bullshit about wantin to help ... and he start pull out weapon ... shotgun and assault rifle ... stuff they into a oversize gun bag ... lynn Sam childer ... 74 Lynn reach for he and he grab she wrist ... tightly ... stare at she with dark eye . a flash of the " old " Sam childer here when he say ... SAM stay outta my way . and for the first time in year this woman be scared . he let go of she wrist and continue to fill the bag -- and we go -- ext . pawn shop - johnstown , pennsylvania - day Sam come out follow by the shop owner ... shop owner ... I be sorry , twenty - five hundred be the best I can do for they gun . reverse to see Lynn 's car park at the curb , Sam point to it ... SAM throw in the car for five . the shop owner consider , as we go ... ext . road - pennsylvania - day windy , pissing rain . and we see Sam walk up this rural road , hand in he pocket , head down ... the only human for mile ... trudging through this shitstorm completely alone . CUT to : ext . children' orphanage - day and we see Sam with a group of man work in the sweltering heat ... lay brick ... add another room to the child 's dorm ... ... and he squint into the distance , see a cloud of dust on the horizon , car come closer . ext . MAIN gate - children' orphanage - day Seven or eight heavily armed vehicle come through the gate . maybe 20 or 30 spla soldier guard a black suburban in the middle of this motorcade . nineteen wave he hand , yell as the car pass -- nineteen ( arabic ) it 's garang ! -- it 's garang ! -- palpable excitement ripple through the compound ... Sam 's soldier grab they weapon and form a rag line near the suburban as it stop ... 75 ... the back door to the suburban open and a black man , dress in shirtsleeve and slack , step out . the same man we see give the fiery speech on the little outdoor tv in nimule earlier -- JOHN garang . Sam turn to Deng -- SAM who 's this guy ? deng that 's we leader . SAM John garang ? Deng nod as we go ... ext . compound - children' village orphange - day Sam and garang walk through the middle of camp , trail by a squad of spla bodyguard and camp child ... garang they call you preacher . be this what I should call you ? SAM Sam be fine . garang I hear what you have do for the spla and I be grateful . SAM we can thank God for he blessin . garang yes , we can . how many child do you look after , Sam ? SAM couple hundred with we here . feed another thousand a day from nearby village . anyone who show up hungry get a meal . and they continue through the camp . a few of the child run up to garang , touch the cuff of he shirt , then sprinting away ... garang what you be do be noble , but too dangerous . I must advise you to stop risk you life in we struggle . 76 SAM until someone start fightin for this child , I be the one that 's gonna do it . garang you be stubborn , be not you ? SAM as a mule . garang smile , a instant affinity for this man . garang you and I come from very different world , but we be not so dissimilar . and another child run up to garang , touch he , and then sprint away giggle ... garang ( cont 'd ) I found the spla in order to fight for the future of Sudan because nobody else would . we fight for freedom from the government in khartoum , for the right to vote , and for the right to worship any god one may choose . more child run up ... garang touch they head ... garang ( cont 'd ) but most important to I be we struggle for the child . they laughter have be lose to this country for far too long . ( beat ) there be peace talk schedule for the end of August in naivashu . I would like you to come as my guest . SAM talkin bout peace in a room somewhere be a waste of time . you gotta go out and make it . garang you be correct , but we must fight they at every level . part of my battle be wage in that room . we must talk of peace , but keep we rifle ready for war . Sam turn to he , come to a understanding here . realizing that both of they be warrior in the same fight . garang ( cont 'd ) maybe together you and I can make Sudan free once again . 77 and now we see they have arrive at the brick chapel in the middle of the compound . garang turn to he , eye suddenly become dark ... garang ( cont 'd ) there be a cost for freedom , Sam . a price for the future of this people . some pay with they life , other pay in different way . ( beat ) my only hope be that you cost be not too great . and suddenly we're someplace far away ... another world ... the silhouettes of animal dancing on a dark ceiling ... projected from a child nightlight ... we be ... int . paige' room - childer house - night donnie tucking paige into bed , make it up as he go , clearly out of he depth here but want to do it right . donnie you say prayer or something ? paige already do . donnie ok then , sweet dream . paige ai not you gonna read I a book ? donnie ahh , paige , you know I do not read so good . paige then let 's play a game . donnie ok . paige I be thinkin of a dog . donnie what about it ? paige never mind , donnie . donnie ok . 78 paige dad usually kiss I on the forehead before he leave . you can do that . donnie sure I can . and donnie do just that , bend down and kiss paige on the head ... donnie ( cont 'd ) sweet dream . and now we see Lynn in the hallway have just witness this through the crack door , keenly feel Sam absence in this moment . ext . children' orphanage - day and we see Sam , Betty and Rose lead a group of child , they hand cover they eye so they can not see , into a clear behind one of the dorm . SAM keep they close ! a little bit more ! betty ( arabic ) keep you eye close . rose ( stern , Arabic ) Michael ! cover you eye ! no peek ! SAM ... keep comin ' ... the child inching forward , follow he voice , until ... SAM ( cont 'd ) ok , stop ! open you eye ! betty ( arabic ) open you eye ! and we see a hundred little eye pop open , stare at something off screen , confuse for a split second at what they be look at . reverse to see a playground : two or three batter swingsets , a few see-saw , and a jungle gym solder out of metal pipe . and the kid sprint for it , climb all over the jungle gym like ant ... hit the swing - set ... and then we hear it ... something we realize we have not hear in this place before ... the sound of laughter ... child lose themselves in play . innocence flooding back . 79 and now we see nineteen , a.j. and two other spla soldier stand around a bunny bouncer ... stare at it quizzically ... talk in Arabic , try to decide what this thing be ... and then a.j. , the bravest , sling he AK onto he back and carefully straddle the bouncer ... pull up he long leg and rest he foot on the peg ... and he begin to bob back and forth ... hold onto the bunny 's ear with he big hand ... the other soldier start to laugh as he bob faster ... and then we see a.j 's smile ... a million watt smile on this guy ... the first time he 's play like this since he be a boy . ext . dorm - children' orphanage - day - later hour later and we see Sam push a couple of the smaller child on the swingset . Deng approach ... deng some of the child soldier say there be a bounty on you life . that kony be offer money for you nose and ear . Sam , no reaction , just keep swinging the child ... deng ( cont 'd ) I would like to assign a few more man to you during the day . SAM he be not the first old - boy who want to see my head hang on he wall . keep yer soldier where they be need . I can take care of myself . Deng clearly worried for he friend , but do not press the issue . and now Sam notice William off from the group , sit on the ground by himself , not play . SAM ( cont 'd ) he say anything yet ? deng all we know be that he family be kill and that he and he brother be take into the lra . SAM where 's the brother ? deng nobody know . new angle Sam approach William , kneel down next to he . 80 SAM hey buddy , you do not wanna play with the other kid ? William , no response . SAM ( cont 'd ) you know sometimes it help to tell somebody what you get lock up inside , know what I mean ? William , no reaction whatsoever . something dawn on Sam in this moment ... SAM ( cont 'd ) you have no idea what I be sayin , do you ? William just stare back at he and Sam realize he do not speak English . and they both just sit here for a moment , silent , stare at the child play on the playground . and then Sam , feel the need to unburden himself , begin to talk ... SAM ( cont 'd ) I do a lotta thing I be not proud of . hurt a lotta people . Truth be , helpin you kid be about the only good thing I ever do in this life . William watch he quietly . SAM ( cont 'd ) but I be scared . scare one day I will close my eye to all this and make it somebody else 's problem . ( beat ) just like everybody else in this world . and he stop and it 's silent between they again . William just sit there quietly . and Sam look up to the sky ... feel he life wash over he ... he burden ... this fear . int . suv - drive - day Sam behind the wheel , drive alone the edge of a dry ravine . Deng be in the passenger seat and we see nineteen , Marco and a.j. cramme into the back . SAM I do not see nuthin . Deng check a handheld gps unit -- deng this be it . 81 Sam look out the window , see movement at the bottom of the ravine . SAM hold on ... ... and we see what he see -- child hide behind a bush . SAM ( cont 'd ) I get they . ext . ravine - day and we see the suv pick it 's way down the rocky slope ... reach the dry riverbed below and move closer to the child ... ext . suv - day ... and the terrain become inaccessible and the suv stop . unable to go any further . Sam and the other get out of the truck and we see two child hide behind a bush 50 yard away . Sam whistling to the kid , but they draw back . too scared to move . SAM Deng , tell camp we be comin back with two . a.j. , nineteen -- go get they kid . a.j. and nineteen move off as Sam pop the rear hatch on the suv and pull out a medical bag . ext . riverbed - day a.j. and nineteen move over rock toward the child , call out to they in Arabic -- " come out , we will not hurt you . " -- but they do not move ... ... and finally they reach the kid and we see it 's two boy ( 6 year old ) , kneel in the dirt , terrify ... a.j. ( arabic ) do not be scared . he smile , reach for one of the boy -- and -- -- a shot ring out ! -- a bullet hit a.j. in the neck , kill he instantly . nineteen dive behind a boulder for cover . ext . suv - day Sam , Deng , and Marco scramble behind the suv . a moment before we hear nineteen yelling offscreen . 82 SAM what 's he sayin ? deng a.j. be dead . SAM shit . ( beat ) tell he to stay where he be . do not move . deng ( yell to nineteen , Arabic ) do not move ! SAM ask he if he see the shooter . deng ( yell to nineteen , Arabic ) do you see he ?! nineteen respond . deng ( cont 'd ) he do not see . sniper Pov -- and we see a.j. 's lifeless body lie by the child ... and the suv ... and then part of Sam 's head peer from behind the truck -- ext . suv - day Sam look through binoc as -- -- a shot ring out ! -- hit the windshield right next to he head , and he drop behind the truck . SAM you get `em ? deng yes . he 's on the ridge ... just below that outcropping . SAM can you reach the brown ? Deng open the rear door and reach inside the truck ... pull out a long barrel hunting rifle as ... -- a shot ring out ! the bullet hit the suv , narrowly miss Deng . he slide the hunting rifle to Sam . 83 SAM ( cont 'd ) need you boy to cover I on three , alright ? put everything you get into that rock up there . sniper Pov -- lock on the suv when suddenly -- Deng and Marco pivot around the truck and start fire -- bullet pop all around and the sniper drop for cover as -- ext . suv - day -- Sam sprint over the rock and dive into a shallow ditch out of sight . Deng and Marco stop fire and drop back behind the suv . sniper Pov -- slowly pop up from behind the rock after the shoot stop . and we realize he do not see Sam change position . ext . ditch - day Sam roll onto he stomach and slowly slide the barrel of the rifle between two rock ... then see a sliver of the sniper hide on the ridge . sniper Pov -- still lock on the suv , wait for a clear shot . ext . ditch - day Sam put a bead on the sniper , but at this range the shot be go to take instinct . Sam turn he head away from the rifle and exhales -- control he breathe -- as we go -- sniper Pov -- train on the suv ... and then we see a flash from the right side of the screen ... and a delay pop !... crackkk ! -- the sniper drop kill instantly . ext . suv - day Deng look through binoc at the ridge -- deng ( call out to Sam ) I think you get he ! ext . riverbed - day Sam , Deng , and Marco move toward the child , weapon draw , scan the area in all direction . Deng be the first one to reach the boy who be huddle on the ground , shaking from fear ... deng ( arabic ) it be ok . you can get up now . 84 but the boy do not move ... and Deng reach down , pull they to they foot and we see that they ankle be chain to a post which have be bury in the ground . deng ( cont 'd ) Sam . Sam join Deng , see the chain . deng ( cont 'd ) lra want we here . Sam realize that this child be use as bait -- for he . ext . ravine ridge - day we be at the top of the ravine now and we see Sam and the other move toward the location of the sniper ... ... and Sam be the first to reach the body ... lay on the ground face down ... a pool of blood soaking the dirt underneath ... and he roll the body onto it 's back and we see it 's just a kid -- no older than 15 year old . int . sam' tukul - children' orphanage - night it 's late at night and we see Sam on he cot , sit here in the dark . and we hear the sound of he satellite phone vibrate on the table next to he . he pick it up , see donnie be name on the screen ... SAM ( into phone ) hello ? int . unknown location - pennsylvania - day and we see donnie on a couch by himself in this shitty little room . donnie Sam , it 's I . intercut the conversation : SAM everybody ok ? donnie oh yeah , everybody 's just fine . I be just callin to say `hey ' be all . SAM how're the girl ? 85 donnie they be good . paige cook we all dinner the other night . chocolate - chip pancake . SAM by herself , huh ? donnie yep . I help she with the stove be all . she do everything else . pretty good too . and now we see donnie 's dope work sit on the table in front of he . he 's use again . donnie ( cont 'd ) how 's it goin over there ? SAM goin fine . donnie hey , maybe I will come with you one of this trip . I would like to get outta here for a spell . see what it 's like . SAM sound good . and it 's silent between they ... both of this man lose in they own worry for a moment ... and then ... donnie ask you a question ? sam' voice yeah . donnie' voice you think God will forgive we for the thing we have do ? and we be watch Sam , this question hit he like a freight train . unable to answer . ext . nimule - sudan , africa - day - day later we be hit by a crush of people , a thousand black face move past we and all the noise and confusion of this busy border town . and we find Sam , Deng , and nineteen here load supplies into the back of the suv . voice ( o.s. ) they talk about you ... Sam turn to find agnete , the aid worker , approach he . 86 agnete in the camp . the child . they say there be a white preacher who hunt the lra . this place do not need more kill , Mr. childer . SAM I be just tryin to help this people . same as you . agnete War upon war do not fix what be break here . the history of this country be fill with righteous killer . that be how it always begin , with man think they be kill for the right reason . SAM I get a 200 kid who be gonna sleep safe tonight and wake up tomorrow mornin to a bowl of hot food . right or not , that 's all the reason I need . agnete and what about the rumor I have hear about you supplying weapon to the spla ? Sam turn to she , face - to- face , start to get piss ... SAM you fight the evil in this place you way , I will fight it mine . agnete do not delude yourself , Mr. childer . you be a mercenary , not a humanitarian . Sam , finish with this conversation , slam the lift-gate close on the truck and start to climb in ... agnete ( cont 'd ) they say you be do good . that you have special power . that you be protect by angel and cannot be kill by bullet . Sam look at she and there 's a warning in what she say next ... about violence corrupt man ... consume they ... agnete ( cont 'd ) they say the same thing about kony in the beginning . 87 ext . sam' tukul - children' orphanage - dusk Sam sit outside he tukul alone , tear open a airmail package and pull out another videocassette , slide it into he videocamera , hit play -- on the SMALL screen we see a school production ... child dress in costume shuffle across the stage ... line be speak by rote ... and then the awkward entrance of paige speak she line ... but instead of find joy in this sweet moment he find heartache ... the distance from he family ... from they innocence ... simply too great to bear in this moment ... ... and then he hear giggle ... and he realize two young orphan boy have snuck up behind he and be look at the screen over he shoulder ... and Sam hold it up so they can see better and now more child gather around -- maybe 10 or 15 kid -- point at the small screen ... giggle and chat in Arabic ... orphan # 1 ( arabic ) look at they shoe ... orphan # 2 ( arabic ) they look silly ... orphan # 1 ( arabic ) this be how Americans dance ? orphan # 2 ( arabic ) they dance be terrible ! the child laugh hysterically ... and for a instant Sam be sweep out of he melancholy by they sweet enjoyment ... ... and then Sam see Deng and nineteen approach quickly ... SAM what 's goin on ? deng a lra convoy have move north over the border . they be head for Ed duim . SAM that 's where they sell they on the black market , be not it ? ext . dirt road - deep in sudan - night a moonless night ... and we see headlight pierce this blackness ... bounce down a singletrack road ... we be ... 88 int . sam' truck - drive - night Deng behind the wheel drive -- Sam in the passenger seat -- Marco , nineteen , and a third spla soldier jamme in the back -- deng look ... Far ahead we see three set of headlight come towards we on the road -- just bounce white dot on the horizon -- and silently they begin to check they mag and weapon -- prepare for battle -- -- and the headlight get closer -- Deng not slow down -- and we realize we be on a collision course with this convoy -- and finally we see muzzle flash in the distance -- and -- thunk ! , thunk ! , thunk ! Machine gun strafe hit the front and side of the truck -- SAM let 's go ! Sam and nineteen lean through the open window as Deng drive -- leveling they AK 's and fire -- krakakakakak ! krakakakakak ! and now the approach convoy light up with return FIRE ! -- Sam and nineteen hang out the window blast back -- Deng step on the gas , accelerate toward the convoy like some hellish game of " chicken " ( reminiscent of Sam and donnie 's wild ride with the drifter in scene # 29 ) -- -- and we watch as the headlight barrel towards we at full bore -- bullet popping across the windshield of the truck -- SAM and nineteen in constant FIRE mode -- the SOUND deafening -- headlight blow out on both truck and now we be plunge into total blackness - - only the wild - strobe of machine gun fire lighting up the night as this truck slam towards each other -- and finally -- the lra convoy careen off the road and bottom out in a ditch Deng skid to a stop as Sam , nineteen , and the third spla soldier pile out of the truck -- fire and advance on the caravan by foot . ext . ditch - side of dirt road - night rebel jump out of they disabled truck -- Sam and he man flanking they -- blast one of the truck until the engine burst into flame -- cut down the rebel before they even know what hit they . and then there 's a great stillness . the quiet of death ... 89 ... Sam come out of the blackness with he AK levele ... move toward the flame wreckage of the caravan ... Deng , nineteen , and Marco move to each rebel body ... make sure they be dead . nineteen clear ! Sam and Deng move to the back of the Transport truck ... SAM bring I a flashlight . Marco hustling up with a spotlight -- Sam switch it on as Deng rip the canvas back and we see -- twenty three child in the back of this transport truck boy and girl ... none of they older than twelve ... tie together with rope ... emaciate ... terrify ... in very bad shape . marco ( arabic ) the front axle be break ... this truck will not drive . SAM what would he say ? deng the truck be too damage to move . ( meaning the child ) we do not have room for they all , preacher . the implication of this hit Sam , he mind reeling , turn to nineteen ... SAM bring we truck up here and shine they light on we . ( to deng ) pull everyone of they kid outta there . deng ( to soldier , Arabic ) bring the child out ... Deng and Marco help the child out ... one - by-one ... untying they ... SAM put they right here ... real easy ... deng ( arabic ) put they together here ... gently ... 90 and now nineteen pull up in the suv , lighting up the child . deng ( cont 'd ) what be you do ? SAM we be takin the one that be not gonna make it through the night . come back for the other later . and Sam move to the first child in the group -- a little girl -- reach out to she but she pull back . SAM ( cont 'd ) tell she I be not gonna hurt she . deng ( arabic ) it 's ok ... he will not hurt you ... and slowly the little girl step forward ... and Sam gently unbutton she shirt and begin to examine she little body ... turn she around in the harsh light of the suv 's headlamps ... and he find five infect gashes on she back ... whip wound ... already turn gangrene ... and he gently push she toward Deng ... SAM put she in the truck . and Sam continue with the group ... assess each child 's health ... tenderly run he hand over they break , starve body ... somehow calculate which one be worse off and pull they out of line ... ... and he reach the last child and we see that the suv be now packed with child ... huddle into every available corner ... 10 child in total . there 's no more room . SAM ( cont 'd ) tell they we be comin back . Deng hesitate , know the reaction he 's go to get ... SAM ( cont 'd ) tell they ! deng ( arabic ) we will be back for you ! the child become hysterical , cry , run at Sam and grab for he , begging to be take . 91 SAM let 's go ! ( to the child , hold up two finger ) two hour ... I will be back in two hour ... Sam , Deng , and the other load into the suv ... some of they climb onto the roof ... the only available space ... the remain child clamoring around the truck as it begin to pull away ... SAM ( cont 'd ) tell they to hide . do not come out till they see my face ... Deng yell this to the child as they drive off ... deng ( arabic ) hide until we return ! ... the faint cry of the child slowly fade as they speed into the darkness . ext . children' orphanage - dawn a red sun break the horizon . it 's one hour later and we see the suv blast through the front gate of the compound and skid to a stop -- door popping OPEN -- soldier jumping off the roof -- Betty and the other camp woman already pull the child out of the truck ... ushere they into the infirmary ... Sam yell at another soldier as he walk across the courtyard -- SAM Gas it up ! we be leavin here in five ! int . truck - drive - morning two hour into this return trip and it 's silent in this cab . Deng check a handheld gps , clocking they position , and then they see it -- through the windshield -- in the distance -- smoke rising in a thin column a half - mile away . ext . road - deep in sudan - day the scene of the ambush the night before . burn out pickup truck and dead lra rebel strewn in the dirt . Sam 's suv arrive and he 's the first one out ... whistling for the child but they be nowhere to be see . and now we realize that the column of smoke be not come from the bomb - out lra truck -- it 's come from behind they . Sam move around the back of the transport truck to see -- 92 thirteen little body stacked on top of each other the child Sam leave behind . burn alive by the lra a hour earlier . Sam just stand here , stare at this smolder pile of child . start to go someplace very dark . and as he put it , most of he die in the bush this morning too . CUT to : int . pittsburgh airport - night - ( JUNE / 2005 ) and we see a line of american traveler wait to be check through custom ... business men in they rumple suit carry briefcase , parent with they tired child return from vacation ... and Sam stand in this line with he duffel bag , somehow cut - off from the life all around he . and the custom officer wave he forward ... Sam hand he he passport ... custom officer Sudan ? and he look up , study Sam -- custom officer ( cont 'd ) what be you do over there ? and we see Sam have no answer for he . this question beginning to plague he like a fester sore . ext . passenger pick - up - pittsburgh airport - night it 's raining and we see Sam sit on a bench wait , stare o.s. at a skycab trolley . two man work through a pile of black golf bag , heape on top of each other like body , toss they one - by - one into the back of the trolley ... voice ( o.s. ) Sam ! he look up as donnie get out of he car , smile . donnie sorry I be late . sixteen be all jamme up ... donnie be strung out , but Sam be too deep in he own shit to see it . donnie ( cont 'd ) welcome home , buddy . int . office - bank - johnstown , penn . - day a bank manager at a desk , in a gray suit , shaking he head . 93 bank manager I understand what you be say , but there 's just not a lot we can do , until we pay down some of what you owe my hand be tie . reverse to see Sam sit in a chair across from he , a manila folder fill with he business papers sit on he lap . SAM it 's just a application for a short term loan . bank manager Sam , we already take out a second on you home . SAM it 's only 90 day . bank manager you be completely leverage . SAM I only get one truck over there , John . I need the money to buy a second vehicle . Sam open a manilla folder and pull out a photo of a truck for sale . SAM it 's important . now , there 's one in kampala I can probably get for twenty - one ... bank manager ( cut he off ) Sam , we know what you be do over there in Africa and we support it but ... Sam lean over the desk and set another photograph down in front of he -- and we see it 's a gruesome photograph of a mutilate boy ... SAM I want you to look at this . see that ? twelve year old boy have both he arm cut off by lra ... a employee approach the bank manager with something to sign , look down at the photo . the Bank manager become uncomfortable . bank manager Sam ... it 's not necessary . 94 Sam pull out another photograph and set it in front of the Bank manager -- this one even more gruesome ... SAM look at this John , when we find this little girl she breast have be hack off ... Bank manager not look at the photograph ... bank manager Sam , this be not necessary ... SAM look at she . look at this girl . Bank manager glance at the photograph then look away ... SAM ( cont 'd ) now I be not in here askin fer money fer a hot tub or vacation or something like that . I be askin for a extra vehicle so I can save some child . you understand that ? bank manager I do , but ... SAM but nuthin . I need you to open yer little book there and do whatever you need to do to get I that loan ... bank manager Sam , you need to calm down ... SAM do not tell I to calm down ! look at that picture ! -- look at they , John -- and he slam the desk with he open hand , take we to ... int . chapel - shekinah fellowship church - central CITY - day a/ C on the fritz and it 's blister hot in here . 150 parishioner in pews wave themselves with hand fan try to stay cool . and we see Sam at the pulpit in mid-sermon , shirt pitte and roll up to he elbow . the rage in this man be palpable . SAM ... open yer eye !... wake up !... ( beat ) you call yerselve child of God , but you be not . ya will just sheep followin he deaf , dumb , and blind ... ( amped - up ) ( more ) 95 SAM ( cont 'd ) but God do not want sheep . he want wolf to fight he fight . Men and woman with tooth to tear at the evil that 's out there ... the congregation whipped into a frenzy . a few of they jump to they foot , shouting praise ... SAM ( cont 'd ) the lord prophet ain't meek men . they ain 't men in fancy clothes , they 're warrior prophet ... int . car - drive - kampala , uganda - day and we see John garang in the back of this car as it drive through downtown kampala . SAM ( v.o. ) ... men of conviction !... int . chapel - shekinah fellowship church - central CITY - same Sam become more possess ... SAM ... who know the difference between a stick and a sword and ain't afraid to pick up either if they need to !... the congregation respond , " amen ! " ext . tarmac - kampala airport - day the motorcade pull to a stop . garang and other government official get out and make they way to a wait helicopter . SAM ( v.o. ) ... soldier willing to go forth and shout he name like men of war !... int . chapel - shekinah fellowship church - central CITY - same Sam , a building fury ... SAM ... drawing up battle line against he enemy wherever they may be ... ext . tarmac - kampala airport - day garang and the other load into the helicopter , lock door . propeller start to rotate . 96 SAM ( v.o. ) ... willing to fight to there last breath ... int . chapel - shekinah fellowship church - central CITY - same SAM ... until the legion against they fall and once again there be only he light ... ext . tarmac - kampala airport - day the helicopter lift off the ground , ascend into the cloudless sky until it 's just a speck in the limitless blue ... SAM ( v.o. ) and only then will they heart beat no more ... and they will be turn to dust . int . childer ' house - central CITY , penn . - day - ( JULY /2005 ) paige and she girlfriend from she 7th grade class sit on the landing . donnie flip through a magazine , Lynn put away laundry . chatter here about a upcoming formal ... paige Mary strauss and they be havin dinner at the chimney . lynn who 's she date ? paige' friend tony wilk . lynn I think tony wilk be goin with Patty Hobbes ' daughter . paige they break up last month . and now we see Sam off from the group , absently watch the tv in a adjoin room ... and a news report begin ... a picture of JOHN garang flash on the screen ... Sam move closer to the set so he can hear -- tv newscaster ... sudanese opposition leader John garang have be kill in a helicopter crash accord to a statement release by the sudanese government in khartoum today . Sam go completely still ... 97 tv newscaster ( cont 'd ) garang be hail as a peacemaker in Sudan and be instrumental in end the 21 - year civil war that have ravage that country . archival shot of garang . tv newscaster ( cont 'd ) six of garang 's associate and seven other also die in the crash which be be blame on bad weather . Sam freeze , shocked ... just stare at the tv as the newscast switch to another story ... paige ( o.s. ) dad ? -- dad ? Sam look up to find everybody stare at he . paige ( cont 'd ) what do you think about we gettin a limo for next weekend ? would not be too expensive since there would be six of we . Sam lose here for a moment ... paige ( cont 'd ) hel -lo ? Earth to dad ? what do you think ? lynn honey , you ok ? donnie heck , why do not I just drive ya will ? paige we be not crammin in the back of you caprice . donnie ya will could fit in there easy . paige we get dress , donnie ! we will get all wrinkle ! plus it smell in there . donnie I can get some freshener , paige , that be not no problem . paige dad , what you think ? can we get a limo ? 98 SAM no . paige dad. please . Patty and they be gettin one . SAM you be not rentin no limo to Pittsburgh . lynn we could probably get we a deal through one of Tom hickey 's boy . between the six of they it would not cost too much . SAM nobody 's spendin money on no friggin limousine . paige but dad ... Sam snap , flashing with rage -- SAM what the hell did I just say ?! quiet . nobody move . completely still . and then ... lynn we be just talkin bout it , honey ... SAM too much talk in this house . I get mouth to feed and you be talkin bout pissing money away on a limo . paige it 's my formal , dad . SAM I do not give a shit what it be ! you be not gettin no limo , end of story . tear welling up in paige 's eye , anger , hurt , want to lash out at he somehow . and what she say next she 's feel she whole life ... paige you love they black baby more than you love I . SAM watch yer mouth little girl , before I slap it ! 99 lynn Sam ... donnie instinctively grab he arm , protective ... donnie hey ... and Sam spin -- get in he face -- eye dark and threaten -- SAM what the hell you think you be doin , boy ? lynn honey ... SAM shut the fuck up ! donnie take it easy , buddy . SAM do not tell I to take it easy in my own fuckin house ... Sam and donnie toe - to - toe and the threat of serious violence here . tension like a hair trigger . SAM ( cont 'd ) that be not you wife and this be not you family . you nuthin but a stray fuckin dog round here , boy . donnie you do not mean that ... SAM Hell I do not . now you get the fuck outta here fore I put yer head through that wall . donnie stand here , hurt ... look to Lynn to make sure she 's alright and she nod for he to go ... and he turn and walk out . paige burst into tear and run out of the room . int . bar - day a crowded , noisy outlaw bar in johnstown . we see Sam sit at the bar all alone , a shot of whisky and a bottle of beer in front of he . stare into a void . voice ( o.s. ) you that preacher , be not ya ? 100 Sam turn to find a burly look biker stand next to he smile . biker yep , you he . I see you face in the papers few year ago . call you the machinegun preacher , right ? Sam nod . biker ( cont 'd ) ( to he buddy ) told you this be the guy . ( to SAM ) hot damn , I know it ! paper be talkin bout how you be like some kinda African rambo or something , right ? SAM you do not mind , I would like to just sit here right now . biker you still helpin they nigger over there ? Sam bristle ... biker ( cont 'd ) the way I figure it , the reason you so interested in helpin they porch monkey be cause you probably throwin it in they nigger bitch , be not ya ? the biker smile a nasty , malicious smile . his buddy move next to he now ... and we see a quiet storm brewing in Sam ... biker ( cont 'd ) be I right ? you a nigger fucker , boy ? a moment here -- Sam stare at the biker with a look we have come to know -- and -- crackkkk ! -- Sam head - butt the biker 's face and a sudden , violent brawl break out -- biker swinging cue stick -- Sam wading into the crew -- swinging wild -- take the biker down and stomping on he face -- bloody -- murderous -- and then -- ext . jail - johnstown , pennsylvania - day Sam release , come out a door and we see Lynn 's car park in the parking lot , engine idling . 101 ext . jail - johnstown / int . lynn' car # 2 - day Lynn behind the wheel as Sam come around the passenger door and get in . and the two of they just sit here for a long beat , until ... lynn you be gonna sit there and you be gonna lemme talk . beat . Sam say nothing . lynn ( cont 'd ) I have always believe in you . I trust you , trust the Lord , and do what I could so you could follow you dream . ( beat ) but I be not willin to lose you to what you be doin over there . ai not gonna just stand by and watch you get swallow up by it . she look to he and we see she have tear in she eye ... lynn ( cont 'd ) I know you be all they kid get , but you be all we get too . paige need she father . I need my husband . int . shed - childer house - night - ( august /2005 ) Sam sit in a chair in the dark . and we hear he cell vibrate on the desk . he pick it up and see donnie be name on the screen ... a moment here and then he set the phone back down ... do not answer it ... as we go ... int . unknown location - same donnie on a couch and he look like hell ... pale , gaunt face ... phone at he ear listen to ringing and ringing ... and then the sound of Sam 's voice ... recorded message this here 's Sam . you know what to do . ( beeeep ) donnie ( quietly ) hey buddy , it 's donnie . shoot , I be hopin ' you be there ... donnie hesitate ... do not hang -up ... and we can feel how badly he need to talk to somebody ... donnie ( cont 'd ) other day I be thinkin bout when you and I be kid . ( more ) 102 donnie ( cont 'd ) that summer we would go down to the quarry over in montrose , remember that ? we hook up they rope and spend all day swimmin and jumpin off they wall ... donnie smile to himself , a fleeting memory , and then something dark come over he . and now we see another man here in this shitty dope house , cooking up a spoon of black tar , juicing a needle . donnie watch he like a hawk ... donnie ( cont 'd ) I wish you be there to pray with I , buddy . ext . wood - central CITY , penn . - dawn Eastern White pine wrap in early morning fog . hazy . float like a dream . and then the sound of wood splintering ... and we find Sam alone in this vapor cut log with a axe . sweating despite the chill in the air ... ... and then a voice from somewhere far off . Sam stop , look into the haze as a figure materialize ... come toward he call he name ... at first it look like donnie ... but then we see it 's Lynn ... and when she reach he she look tell we something terrible have happen . CUT to : int . chapel - shekinah fellowship church - central CITY - day donnie' corpse lie in a casket ... pack with mourner . and we hear a children' choir sing a plaintive hymnal ... " my Jesus , I love thee " ... and donnie 's mother in the first pew , dress in black , surround by a few other woman offer she comfort . and now we see Sam move up the step to the platform ... and the choir softly finish ... and he look out over the congregation ... not say a word for a long beat ... and then ... SAM most of you want I to stand up here and make some sense outta this . that 's why you come here today . you want I to tell you that God have he plan for all of we , and when he want to call we back home he 's gonna do it . ( beat ) that 's what you wanna hear ... ( quietly ) that 's what you wanna hear ... 103 and Sam stop , unable to continue ... just stare out at the congregation ... at the expectant face look back at he , wait ... ... but he step away from the lectern , down the step , and walk up the aisle toward the exit ... the congregation stare at he as he pass ... int . lynn' car # 2 / childer driveway - drive - day hour later . Lynn and paige still dress from the funeral , drive up the driveway to they house . paige Mom , who be that man ? through the windshield we see a flatbed truck park next to the house and 7 or 8 mover pull heavy machinery out of the barn . ext . garage - childer house - central CITY , penn . - day Lynn get out of the car , approach some of the man ... lynn s'cuse I , what be you do ? mover loadin up ... and she make she way into ... int . garage - childer house - central CITY , penn . - day fill with mover busily haul equipment out of the garage . Lynn come in , confuse ... lynn hey , s'cuse I ... and now she see Sam go through a cabinet in the back . lynn ( cont 'd ) Sam , what 's goin on ? what be this man doin here ?... Sam slamm the cabinet close , move past she without say a word . Lynn grab he arm , stop he . lynn ( cont 'd ) where be they take we stuff ? SAM ai not ours no more . best go through and make sure they be not takin nuthin that belong in the house . 104 he walk off ... lynn Sam ... and she see two man start to dismantle the " childer construction company " sign that she paint herself year ago -- lynn ( cont 'd ) hey ! -- do not touch that ! -- ext . garage - childer house - central CITY , penn . - day Sam move toward the house . Lynn come out of the barn after he ... lynn ( calling after ) Sam ! but he 's not stop . he reach the house ... int . childer ' house - day ... Sam come inside , move to the kitchen ... Lynn follow he . lynn honey , I know you be hurtin . I know you be angry , but we need to talk about this ... SAM it 's all do , so save yer breath ... where 's the key to the safe ? Sam grab papers from the counter and hand they to Lynn . she quickly page through they , can not believe what she 's read . lynn you sell the business for $ 27,000 ? SAM I need a new truck for the orphanage . lynn a new truck ? you sell we business for a new truck ? Sam find the key . lynn ( cont 'd ) that be we future , Sam . paige 's future . Lynn follow Sam into the office . 105 lynn ( cont 'd ) everything we have have go to that child , Sam . there 's a point when there be not no more to give . SAM what 's the combination ? what 's the fuck combination . lynn paige 's birthday . Sam start to spin the combination but hesitates ... lynn ( cont 'd ) you do not know it , do you ? you do not even remember you own daughter 's birthday . SAM what be the number ? lynn you fight for everyone but we . she move past he , spin the combination and cranking open the vault . Sam grab a couple stack of cash . lynn ( cont 'd ) you take that and we lose the house . the church . all of it . SAM you can make it up with the ministry . lynn what ministry ?! they see what you have become , Sam . they see how far go you be . you need to get quiet with the Lord . and he look to she ... SAM fuck the Lord . lynn do not say that . do not turn yer back on he . SAM ... he turn he back on I ! -- on donnie ! -- on every one of they kid over there . lynn the good you be doin be destroyin this family . 106 SAM what good have I ever do ? Sam stand here , weigh something in he mind . a choice he must make here ... and finally he move past she ... lynn please do not leave ... but he 's go . CUT to : ext . kampala airport - day and we see Sam move across this crowded tarmac . disconnect . a bit frightening . and he 's greet by Deng . deng welcome back . but Sam say nothing , and Deng see that he eye be desert . inevitable . and Sam move past he without say a word . int . mess hall - children' orphanage - day 30 or 40 adult and child here eat the last meal of the day . and we see Sam in a corner , off from the rest of the group . and maybe it 's just the lighting in here , but there 's a darkness around he -- literally as if the space surround this man be devoid of light . and we see William work he way through the room ... refilling cup with hot tea ... he particular job here ... and he come up to Sam and accidently sloshes some of the tea onto Sam 's arm and he flinch ! -- burn -- " damn it ! " -- shoot he arm out and accidentally hit William in the chest -- knock he backward onto the ground . the entire room fall silent . nobody move . and Sam get up and walk out of the room . int . / ext . truck / rural road - sudan - day a convoy of 2 or 3 aid relief truck come down this dirt road . and we see agnete here with a driver in the first truck as they drive onto a narrow bridge -- and just before they reach the other side -- a pickup truck fill with heavily armed lra rebel pull in front of they , cut they off . agnete stop the truck ! -- stop !! -- 107 the truck grind to a halt . the driver become terrify , try to jam the truck into reverse -- agnete ( cont 'd ) no , no , no ! -- do not go back -- driver we be go to die ! -- they will kill US ! agnete you move and they will shoot ! -- calm down ! -- I will talk to they . agnete climb out of the truck as we go -- ext . narrow bridge - sudan - day rebel jump out of the pickup truck and move up the bridge as agnete approach -- hold up she hand -- agnete it 's ok -- we be a relief convoy -- agnete and the lra leader meet in the middle of the bridge -- agnete ( cont 'd ) we have only medical supplies -- non - military -- and suddenly the lra leader slam she in the gut with the butt of he rifle and she collapse . the other rebel swarm all over the convoy , pull out aid worker and driver , force they onto they knee in a group . adult rebel # 3 get on you knee !... get down !... driver please don't kill US ! adult rebel # 4 ( arabic ) on you knee or we will take you leg ! everyone terrify -- some of they sobbing -- agnete look up , try to talk to the lra leader -- agnete we be only a relief convoy -- lra leader shut you mouth ! 108 -- and he slam she in the face with the butt of he rifle and she go down hard ... and he rest the barrel of he rifle on the back of she head ... he 's go to shoot she -- and -- kak ! kak ! kak ! his chest explode ! -- three burst from behind -- the other rebel spin toward the gunshot as -- kratakratakratakrak !!! a firestorm of lead -- Sam , Deng , and the rest of he team come onto the bridge shoot -- rebel scramble for cover but it 's too late -- drop as they try and sprint away -- and in a instant it 's all over . agnete see Sam , rush toward he , but when he look at she she freeze . he be completely unrecognizable to she in this moment -- a killer 's thousand - yard stare -- barely human -- more like a machine than a man . and he move past she down the bridge , to the lra leader on the ground who be still alive . and he put the barrel of he rifle against the rebel 's head and ... boooom ! he 's dead . just like that . and he continue walk up the bridge . and we see agnete , Deng and the other soldier have just witness this . int . infirmary - children' orphanage - night William come in quietly , move next to one of the capture rebel from the previous scene who be shackle to a bed , injure . two spla soldier here stand guard . william ( arabic ) I want to ask you something ... William pull out the photograph of he brother , hold it up ... william ( cont 'd ) this be my brother . his name be Christopher . he be steal by the rebel . ( beat ) do you know if he be alive ? the rebel look at the photograph but say nothing , just shake he head ... and he look off , he thousand yard stare inscrutable ... and William simply fold the photograph back up and slip it into he pocket ... but he do not leave ... he sit here a moment longer ... quietly ... think ... and then ... 109 william ( cont 'd ) be you take when you be young like I ? the rebel hear this and turn to he ... and nod he head ... william ( cont 'd ) do you remember you parent ? and we see something happen in this harden rebel ... he eye fill with a distant memory ... a sadness ... and slowly he nod he head again . and we stay here with this two lose soul sit next to each other ... silent ... connect by a share history and anguish . ext . children' orphanage - day - later Sam sit alone , lose to the world around he . Deng approach . neither one acknowledge the other for a long beat until ... deng do you hear that , preacher ? SAM what ? deng there be no more laughter . the child do not play here anymore . they be scared once again . ( beat ) but now they be scared of you . Sam , no response . deng ( cont 'd ) the man do not trust you any longer to lead they into battle . they say you have a wish to die . ( beat ) I be worried about my friend . I want to help he . SAM I do not need you help . and Sam turn away . after a beat Deng walk off , leave he alone once again . int . sam' tukul - children' orphanage - night and we see Sam here in the dark ... moonlight filter in through the thatched roof ... like shard of glass cut through the blackness ... and he do not look right here ... soul wear thin ... eye hollow ... start to go someplace very bad ... 110 ... image flashing in he head ... baby burn and scream ... donnie in he coffin ... and we realize we be watch something here ... he world start to cave in on he ... ... and he drop against he cot ... distraught ... tear in he eye and this man be break ... and suddenly we see a gun in he hand ... finger curling around the trigger as he put it to he head ... eye close against the world ... and ... we hear a knock at he door Sam freeze ... still hold the gun ... and slowly the door push open and we hear soft footstep shuffle into this dark room ... ... and William step into the light , see Sam here on the ground with the gun in he hand ... and slowly he move next to he , sit on the cot without say a word ... just the two of they here for a moment ... and then slowly he begin in perfect English ... william I remember my parent when I sleep . I see they in my dream sometimes . Sam look to William ... this small boy sit above he ... tell he story ... william ( cont 'd ) my father be big like you . they shot he . we be so scared . then the rebel give I a club and tell I if I do not kill my mother they would shoot my brother and I . and William pause in he story ... lose in this memory ... he face become a mask of pain ... but no tear ... there be no more tear in this young man leave to be shed ... and so he continue ... william ( cont 'd ) I refuse , but my mother tell I to swing hard ... that I must make she proud ... ( beat ) and so I do . I make she proud . and now William look down at Sam ... stare at this man on the ground ... and he reach out and gently touch Sam 's head ... a moment of tenderness for both of they ... a act of love .... this two break soul find each another here ... and William say ... william ( cont 'd ) if we allow ourselves to become full of hate then they have win . we must not let they take we heart . this be the most important thing . 111 and Sam set the gun down and reach out to William , pull he into a embrace ... hold he close ... and we know that without a doubt this boy have save this man 's life . int . childer ' house upstair hallway - central CITY , penn . - night Soft Christian music be play on the radio . Lynn fold clothes in the laundry room when the phone ring . paige come into the upstairs hallway and answer it . paige ( quiet , into phone ) hello ? int . sam' tukul - children' orphanage - night Sam on he sit phone -- SAM bug ? you there ? int . childer ' house - central CITY , penn . - night paige dad ? SAM yeah , it 's I . paige you ok ? SAM I be ok , bug. and there 's a long pause ... so much to say but no word to say it ... each of they hold they phone to they ear and just listen ... and finally Sam say ... SAM ( cont 'd ) I be thinkin of a tree ... and we see tear well up in paige 's eye when she hear this ... and now we see Lynn come around the corner , overhear they as they begin they little game one more time ... paige you say tree ... I be thinkin of a knee . Sam smile to himself ... and we realize this man be come back to life when he say ... SAM you say knee , I be thinkin of bee ... ( beat ) I love you , bug. 112 paige I love you too , daddy . Lynn hearing this and tear roll down she cheek as we go ... ext . compound - children' village orphange - next day and we see the soldier at they post ... Betty and the other Camp woman clean clothes and prepare food ... and we see most of the child loitering around a tree in the shade , sullen , not play on the playground . and then we see Sam come into the courtyard kick a soccer ball ... some of the child see he and point ... and slowly the entire camp begin to notice Sam kick the soccer ball awkwardly by himself out in the open ... Betty and the other woman stop they chore and watch he , speak to one another in Arabic ... Deng and the other soldier stare as Sam pop the ball into the air and bounce it off he head ... ... and now a couple of the smaller kid sprint for he and he kick they the ball ... and slowly the rest of the child join in the fun ... kick the ball back and forth ... a impromptu soccer game ... and then we hear laughter again ... joy flooding back into this place . Deng watch with a big smile as this white man dance around this little child ... a pied piper of joy ... play in the dirt . ext . front gate - children' village orphanage - day - later and we see William approach a knot of soldier stand by the front gate smoking cigarettes ... william Excuse I ... spla soldier # 3 what be it ? william be it true a lra commander be capture last night ? Soldiers nodd they head " yes . " william ( cont 'd ) where be he be hold ? spla soldier # 3 at the army base in kisoro . william be you go there ? 113 spla soldier # 3 yes . william can I ride with you ? spla soldier # 3 why do you want to go to kisoro ? william I want to ask the commander something . spla soldier # 3 no , you can not ride with we . wait till tomorrow and go with the woman on the bus . and the soldier turn they back on William and he slink away . ext . riverbank - children' orphanage - day we see a line of woman along the riverbank in they colorful dress ... scrubbing pan and wash clothes ... sing a ancient African spiritual as they work ... the sun drop pale red on the horizon ... and we see Sam here too ... alone with himself ... sit at the river 's edge , watch the water roll gently past ... listen to the soft serenade of the woman ... the beauty of it all ... ... and then he get up and walk into the river ... and he kneel down so that water reach he waist ( reminiscent of he first baptism in scene # 35 ) ... and now the woman on the riverbank stop they work , watch he as he close he eye and gently lean back ... submit to the water ... and when he come up again we see in he eye that he soul have be save in this simple act . and the woman begin to shout they praise from the riverbank as we go ... int . dorm - children' village orphanage - day and we see William here alone , pull out a small satchel ... fill it with a bottle of water and a blanket ... ext . compound - children' village orphange - day William at the edge of the compound ... look over he shoulder to make sure nobody be watch he ... and then quickly slip under the fence and he 's go ... ext . BUSH - dusk William walk through the dry scrub alone ... already a couple mile deep in the bush ... the sun start to set ... light wane ... William start to get nervous , pick up he pace ... 114 and then the SOUND of men a squad of lra rebel come through the scrub ... William hide under a bush , terrify ... the man come closer ... no idea if they see he or not ... he mind racing ... voice get louder ... start to hyper-ventilate from the fear -- and -- william bolt sprint through the bush -- run for he life -- rebel see he -- yell for he to stop -- chase he down -- shoot they rifle into the air and he hit the ground in the fetal position -- too terrify to continue -- eye clamp shut as 4 or 5 rebel surround he -- gun point at he head -- catch . int . infirmary - children' orphanage - dusk Sam come into the building , find Betty tend to a sick child . SAM have you see William ? Betty shaking she head " no " , and we see the worry on Sam 's face ... intuitively know something be wrong . int . lra truck - drive - dusk William bound and gag be drag through the bush by 5 or 6 rebel ... and one of the rebel see he stare at they and he bring the butt of he kalishnikov down hard -- strike William on the head as we go -- ext . office - children' orphanage - dusk Deng come up to Sam ... deng some of the soldier say he be ask about the commander that be be hold at kismoro . Sam close he eye , know instantly what William have do . SAM get they on the phone , see if he 's show up at the base yet . ext . lra camp - deep in the BUSH - night William shove through the bush ... move deeper into this rebel encampment ... dark and otherworldly ... figure move around camp fire ... laugh ... man with little girl ... they child wife ... with pregnant belly ... and incongruously the sound of american rap music come from a jambox somewhere . the override sense we get from this place be one of `insanity . ' 115 and William be drag to a clear next to a grouping of tent and he 's kick to the dirt ... two other soldier pin he to the ground as a third grab he foot and pull off he shoe ... William yelling and now a handful of other lra soldier start to gather around ... most of they only a few year older than he ... watch as he ankle be bound together and place on a wooden block ... ... and now another soldier step forward with a axe ... and the crowd whip into bloodlust ... shouting ... cheer ... and the soldier lift the axe into the AIR -- william writhing on the ground but can't get free -- and the soldier start to bring the blade down -- and -- voice ( o.s. ) ( arabic ) stop ! the soldier freeze -- everyone turn as a lra commander come through the crowd -- take the axe from the soldier -- soldier he run from we . commander he be worth nothing with no foot . put he with the other until tomorrow . ext . compound - children' village orphange - night Deng hustling up to Sam ... shaking he head ... deng they have not see the boy . SAM ok. get nineteen and Marco -- we be gonna go look for he . ext . lra camp - deep in the BUSH - night and we see William in a bamboo cell in the center of camp ... and we see other child here ... in various stage of fear and suffer ... some of they completely naked ... shiver in the cool air ... other catatonic , probably doped up or too batter to move . int . suv - drive - night Sam , Deng , nineteen and Marco in this lead truck ... be out here for hour ... behind they we see the second camp truck follow ... and they come to a fork in the road , pull to a stop . 116 deng it will be light soon . what do you want to do ? Sam look at a topo map on he lap ... SAM let 's go through maridi , see if they have see anything . ext . lra camp - deep in the BUSH - dawn pale yellow sun break and we see William and a line of 10 or 12 other child -- shackle in iron -- be load into the back of a transport truck . int . suv - dawn both suv 's park off the side of the road now . Sam and Deng here , look at map and the gps tracker . and we hear Deng 's radio squawk . he dig it out , respond in Arabic , then turn to Sam ... deng the village outside of akot say a lra caravan come through there a hour ago . they be head for Ed duim . int . / ext . - lra convoy / BUSH - deep in sudan - day a convoy of 4 or 5 lra truck barrel down this dirt track . and we see lot of rebel stand up in the back of this truck , cradling heavy weapon , alert -- and suddenly we see in the distance -- two rooster -tail of dust coming at US from different angle -- converge on the lra convoy -- the rebel see they and point -- they know what 's come and they begin to prepare for war -- the rooster-tails get closer -- and then we see they -- sam' two truck bounce over the terrain towards we -- come fast -- and then -- woooosh ! a rpg streak toward the lead lra truck and -- kabooom ! -- the truck be blow off it 's axle -- the other lra truck pull off the road -- and suddenly we be in a wither firefight -- the roar of heavy weapon at full - tilt . SAM and he men 117 jumping out of they truck and flanking the lra convoy -- triangulate fire -- shredd the rebel -- blow they back off they foot . nineteen sprint through the bush -- edging around the lra truck -- find a position on they weak side and lock a rpg into a launcher -- shoulder it -- aim -- woooosh ! -- the missile streaking toward the second lra jeep and -- kabooom ! it 's blast into the air -- onto it 's side -- rebel scurrying away from the wreckage -- still fire -- a absolute hail of lead -- AK 's bark in every direction -- kratakratakratakratakrakkk ! one of the rebel stand up -- fire a rpg -- wooooosh ! marco crouch behind the new orphanage truck fire -- see the white streak come at he -- dive -- just as -- the truck be eviscerate in the blast ! SAM move closer to the rebel -- shoot -- pick they off one by one -- gunfire rake over he head -- a dozen muzzle flash come from everywhere -- Sam yell over the thunder -- SAM go ! -- go ! -- go ! -- go! and we see Deng come out of the bush to he right -- and then nineteen to he leave -- and they charge on the remain rebel -- Sam provide cover fire -- a curtain of lead cut through the enemy -- and just like that it 's over -- Sam wave behind he -- SAM ( cont 'd ) cease fire !! -- and suddenly there 's just a sick silence -- smoke rise from the shot -to-shit lra truck -- body strewn in the dirt -- the brand new orphanage truck bomb out and smoking on it 's side . and Sam make he way to the first transport truck -- Deng cover he as he rip the canvas back to see -- 50 child crammed into the back of this truck SAM ( cont 'd ) pull they all out ! c'mon , let 's go ! deng ( to Soldiers , Arabic ) take they out . 118 Soldiers start to unload the child -- SAM cut they loose ! deng ( to soldier , Arabic ) cut the rope ! Sam move to the second transport truck , rip the canvas back to find -- 50 more child shackle in the back of this truck Holy fuck indeed . he 's be here before ... 100 kid and he only have one good vehicle ... and we watch he stand here ... stare at this tiny face look back at he ... a moment ... lose in indecision until one of the kid stand up near the back ... it's william Sam see he and suddenly he know exactly what he need to do ... SAM c'mon , let' go !... get they out of there and line they up ! -- c'mon ! -- and we have see this before ... Sam go through this child ... assess they health ... one by one ... separate the worse off from the other ... form two group ... turn to Deng and nineteen and motion to the smaller group ( about 15 child ) ... SAM ( cont 'd ) load this here into the truck . put they three deep if you have to ... Deng herding the child toward the one good truck ... SAM ( cont 'd ) ( turn to Marco , Arabic ) come with I -- new angle Sam and Marco move from one dead lra rebel to the other ... roll they onto they back ... go through they belt ... pull out extra ammo clip and grenade ... SAM ( cont 'd ) get they AK 's too . ( arabic ) the machine gun . Marco swinging four or five machine gun onto he shoulder ... 119 new angle at the suv , now jamme with child . Sam talk to nineteen , Marco and the other ... SAM ( cont 'd ) I need all you to climb up on that roof and keep yer eye peel . that road back might be hot , so be ready . nineteen what about you , preacher ? voice ( o.s. ) we be stay . Sam turn to see Deng next to he , hold a AK in he hand , a steely resolve in he eye . Sam nod , emboldene by he support . SAM ( to the soldier ) go on . get outta here . the soldier load onto the suv and drive off , leave Sam and Deng stand here in the middle of this 85 child . wait for the war that will surely come . int . suv - drive - day and we stay in this truck as it pull away ... drive for a long time ... until Sam , Deng , and the child become only speck on the horizon ... and then ... white letter on a black screen that read -- " to this day , Sam childer fight for the child of Sudan and Northern uganda . " the end 120 legend : Joseph kony and he Lord 's resistance Army continue they reign of terror in Sudan and Northern uganda . Amnesty International estimate that kony and the lra be responsible for over 400,000 murder and more than 40000 child abduction . this child be torture , rape , sell into sex slavery , and force to take part in ritualize kill by lra commander . the Islamic government of Sudan continue to provide weapon and safe haven to kony and the lra as part of a deal to wage a proxy war against the predominately Christian South . without pressure from the United States , this support will continue and more innocent child will be slaughter . now you know . 121 as of 2011 , Sam childer have rescue over 800 child from the lra . his ` angel of East Africa orphanage ' be home to more than 300 orphan , and feed over 1200 meal a day to neighbor villager in need .