machete written by Robert rodriguez ext . mexican CITY - day aerial over the city , fly down into a federale car tear through the slum . pile of garbage scatter , stray dog scramble . int . federale car , moving - day machete ( mexican federale officer cruz ) drive with rookie officer erhman riding shotgun . a rosary swing back and forth on the rearview mirror . chief torrez 's yell crackle through the police radio . torrez ( on radio ) Officer Cruz ! stand down ! do not attempt to take the safehouse alone ! Officer Cruz ! you hear I !? officer erhman torrez sound mad . you go to answer he ? machete glare . erhman nervously pick up the radio . officer erhman ( cont 'd ) on route to target , no need for assistance . torrez ( on radio ) machete , you son of a bitch ! I tell you to wait ! set up a perimeter and wait for further order . you hear I , pendejo !? machete slowly take the radio from erhman . he hang up . ext . mexican HOTEL - day fleapit motel sit derelict at end of the street . Dead car on the lawn , chicken scratch in the dirt . int . federale car , moving - day machete gun the engine . rnewman / endeavor draft 2. officer erhman what be you do ? we be go to set up a perimeter right ? you hear the boss . machete pull he machete , stick it up to erhman 's face . machete this be the boss . ehrman cross himself . a phalanx of armed guard emerge from the dead car . they narrow they weapon at machete 's barrel patrolcar . officer erhman hijo de puta ! machete floors it directly through the dead car and right through the front wall of the fleapit . int mexican HOTEL , lobby - day erhman fly through the windshield into the far wall . the car stop in front of the check - in desk . machete step out . the dust clear . more armed men stream from the office . machete sideswipe the first thug with he machete , swinging he around to face the fire of the other . thug ragdolls around like a marionette long enough for machete to slash one of the man 's wrist , send he aim wild and take out the other . int . mexican HOTEL , hallway machete kick open a door . int . mexican HOTEL , room nake girl on the bed . as if she be expect he . machete get dress . he check the window . rnewman / endeavor draft 3. chica it 's too hot for clothes . check she eye . she 's be drugge . he lift she , ass over he shoulder . chica ( cont 'd ) hey ... what 's you name ? she try to read the nametag on he uniform , upside - down . int . mexican HOTEL , hallway a thug with a uzi run out spraying bullet . machete spin and impale he face into the wall . thug 's uzi fall into the girl 's hand . more thug emerge from the end of the hallway . she absently pull the trigger , rip into the pursue man . blood spray the wall like Jackson pollock . New thug emerge from the front of the hallway . machete spin around and the girl unload another spray . chica oh ... wow . int . mexican HOTEL , lobby the uzi 's out of ammo . the girl frown and drop it . the fuck - up patrolcar block the way out , for now . machete resheathes he weapon into a slit in he pants . girl arch she back , she crotch in machete 's face , then slide down he front , she breast brush he eye , nose , mouth . machete we need to go . now . chica in what ? that ? the patrolcar be not go anywhere . she rip open he shirt and rub he tattoo . rnewman / endeavor draft 4. chica ( cont 'd ) that look like I . she reach into he pants . chica ( cont 'd ) what 's this long , hard thing ? machete my machete . chica be it sharp ? machete look into she eye . she smile drunkenly . chica ( cont 'd ) good . she yank it , draw it into he femoral artery . hard . he fall to the ground . he do not see this come . she kick he backwards . he feel life escape he . his point of view as : she reach down between her legs . fumble with she crotch . pull out a small cell phone from she snatch . chica ( cont 'd ) ( into phone ) I get he . more life escape he . double cross . he 's ready to give up . chica ( cont 'd ) ( hanging up ) pobrecito . chief torrez step in . girl como hice ? ( sub : how would I do ? ) torrez bueno ... pero no tanto . ( sub : good ... but not that good . ) he shoot she once ; she drop , then he empty the gun into she body , make she do a spider dance on the floor . rnewman / endeavor draft 5 . torrez ( cont 'd ) you have to stick you neck where it do not belong , amigo . machete torrez ? torrez 's boot connect with machete 's face and he go backwards onto the floor . a second man enter . this be druglord . druglord no , not torrez . El Santo muerte , pendejo . ( I be Saint death , pendejo . ) druglord draw a samurai sword and slice machete like carve meat . we do not see it . druglord ( cont 'd ) quemalo . quemalo todo . ( sub : burn it . burn it all . ) druglord walk out . through machete 's blurred vision we see torrez and other officer lighting rag dip in bottle of tequila and throw they into the corner of the room . the place go up as they run out . machete crawl and collapse as the flame rise around he and we CUT to black . title card : three year later ext . border brush country - night title card : somewhere along the TEXAS border a group of illegal hunker down in the brush , creep in the moonlight . one of they cough and seize , obviously sick . another point at a water station up ahead , pull the sick man along . headlights of a large truck appear over a ridge . a spotlight scan the brush , catch they . armed men ride in the bed of the truck . rnewman / endeavor draft 6. man I see they ! the burly driver , von , shift into gear and barrel down . they scatter . Shots from the truck hit they . one keep run . they corner the last illegal . he 's light in the spotlight like Christ on the cross , arm wide in surrender . von smile . von welcome to America . gunfire . ext . bungalow - night title card : austin , TEXAS . 4:45 a.m. int . bungalow , bathroom - night elektra river , 20 , lie naked , soaking in a bubble bath . she stretch , revealing tantalize glimpsis of she bod . she 's have she " private time , " caress every inch of she body with a phallic loofah . she ooh and ahh with the joy of pleasure herself in the tub . headlights appear through the venetian blind . she stop . sound of people get out of a car , laugh , shushing each other . then a key in a lock , struggle to open it . a door forcibly open . more sound of fumble and shushing . int . bungalow , bedroom dim light silhouette two people get naked and get physical . light come on . elektra stand in a bathrobe . couple be stunne . especially since the naked woman in bed look just like elektra . rnewman / endeavor draft 7. elektra Jesus , sis . how long have you know this one ? twenty minute ? naked man what the fuck ? you be a twin ? hot . sis in bed cover up . sis mind you own business . elektra I be try to . I have get to get ready for work . and you be in my room . naked man whoa , whoa . why do not you join we ? elektra what a charmer . you sure know how to pick `em , sis . sis fuck off . ( to man ) get out . naked man what ? sis you have be kick off the island . get the fuck out . nake man cold - cock sis . she 's out . naked man talk nice . and you -- get that robe off and get up here . elektra sure thing . I like a man who take control . she sidle up to the man , straddle he in bed , push he hand up to the bedrail and snap the cuff on he , cuffing he to the bed . naked man what the fuck ? rnewman / endeavor draft 8. elektra you be under arrest , dick . she pull a handgun from she robe , pistolwhip he good . naked man you be a cop ? she hit speed - dial on a cellphone . elektra yeah , this be agent elektra Rivers , homeland Security . I could use some unis at the corner of newn and drake for a assault . suspect in custody . naked man you be fuck hot . elektra ( click phone shut ) yeah . thanks . I gotta get dress now . naked man can I watch ? elektra suit yourself . she strip off the robe , give he a eyeful . ext . bungalow - day cop take the naked man into custody . elektra , badge on she suit , get into she car . sis appear in the doorway hold a steak to she face . she lower it , revealing a black eye . sis have a nice day , bitch . elektra you too , slut . elektra drive away . sis shut the door . ext . elektra's car , moving - day elektra drive . flick on the radio . rnewman / endeavor draft 9 . radio announcer State Senator John mclaughlin be once again under investigation for he tie to a extremist militia organization in the capitol city -- switch radio to she favorite song as she speed by -- ext . day laborer pickup spot - day Men mill about , wait to be pick up for work as truck roll by . machete , ; older and tougher , stride down the sidewalk . a taco truck honk and pull to the curb . a window open . a gorgeous raven haire beauty , luz , stretch out . luz Cafe ! taquitos ! tarjetas de llamada ! ( sub : coffee ! taco ! Long - distance call card ! ) Men walk up and get they breakfast . machete stride by . moco , a worker , approach the taco truck . moco q-vole , luz ! do taquitos de papas con , por fa . y cafe . ( sub : what 's up , luz ? two potato and egg taco , please . and coffee . ) he dig into the steaming plate of migas . luz 's mini bulldog pancho run up and bark . moco throw he some chorizo . he scarf it up . luz pancho vamanos ! leave he alone . moco it 's ok luz . you gotta feed you little man , he 's hungry . rnewman / endeavor draft 10 . luz he 's a fat fuck , do not do nothing and eat all day , like my last husband . moco orale , you be not get marry again with that attitude . luz thank god . why buy the pig when I can get the chorizo for free ? moco puta . luz eat I moco pull out a hundred dollar bill and slide it across the counter to she . they smile turn serious . luz hand moco a brown box to go . luz ( cont 'd ) be careful mis amor , and do not leave no scrap . moco look inside ; it 's a .357 Magnum she hand he a french fry box fill with bullet . moco take the gear and leave . moco thanks luz , hasta luego . luz via con dio . luz notice machete , stand away from the crowd , she wave he over . luz ( cont 'd ) look for something ? she push two taco and a coffee toward he . he shake he head no . luz ( cont 'd ) mañana I page . ( sub : you can pay I tomorrow . ) rnewman / endeavor draft 11 . machete take the food , step aside . ext . alley - day Men circle in a alleyway , lay money down on the ground , place bet on the two fighter in the makeshift ring . one be a brawny thug with a neck like a tree trunk . the other be strong , but not big . brawny thug make quick work of he opponent . the man cheer . brawny thug 's handler coax the crowd for another opponent . machete walk into the alley . brawny thug point at he . handler he want you . machete keep walk . handler ( cont 'd ) $ 500 if you lose . $ 2000 if you win . machete keep walk . handler ( cont 'd ) hey , you , wetback ! you be gonna kiss off $ 500 for five minute ? machete stop . Rico , a worker , lay a fistful of bill on the ground . rico a hundred on the new guy ! handler take the money , make a note . bet start fly as money change hand . rico ( cont 'd ) orale ! come on ! a benz pull up into the alley , and a bearded man wear sunglass step out , still in the shadow , watch from a distance . machete and the brawny thug fist fight bareknuckled . brawny get in several good punch , knock machete about , but machete come from behind to lay he out . brawny fall on he face with a sicken crunch . rnewman / endeavor draft 12 . the crowd go wild . Rico pocket he winning . machete grab he and walk off around the corner . ext . alley - day machete be follow by two of brawny 's gangster friend . another step in front of he . bruno hey man , that be some good work back there . let I borrow some money . machete walk around he . bruno block he path and stick a Glock in machete 's face . bruno ( cont 'd ) Hand it over . the two gangster behind machete pull switchblade . gangster one do not make we carve you up farmer . a standoff as machete stare . they all turn when they hear ... luz I do the carve around here pendejo . bruno ( spanish ) what the fuck be this ? get back to the kitchen chica . luz drop she apron and give they a eyeful . her tan body be barely cover in cut off and a blouse . she make Daisy Duke look like jabba the Hutt . a cleaver be in she manicure hand . she wave he over . luz come to mami . gangster one lunge at she . luz chop into he shoulder bruno be distract , machete grab he gun ; beat he with it . her dog pancho bite they ankle . luz take out the other with lightning quick move . rnewman / endeavor draft 13 . the gangster lay beat , moan on the ground . machete and luz share a look and part way . ext . STREET corner - day a mercede benz roll down the street and stop by machete . the driver of the benz point at he . benz you . another worker scrabble to the window . benz ( cont 'd ) not you , ragged Dick . him . the worker step aside . machete walk up . benz ( cont 'd ) get in . luz watch machete leave . int . car , drive - day benz drive , machete ride shotgun . benz you speak English ? machete $ 70 a day for yardwork . hundre for roofing . one-twenty - five for septic . sewage . benz $ 125 ? machete I cost the most , because I be the best there be . benz naturally . they drive by a catholic church . a mexican- american padre sweep the step . benz ( cont 'd ) you can call I benz . rnewman / endeavor draft 14 . machete like the car . benz you be sharp . that 's right . just like the car . machete what be you look for , Mr. benz ? benz have you ever kill anyone before ? machete eye the church as they drive by . ext . parking garage - day the benz park underground . they take a freight elevator up to the office . int . warehouse office benz hit the light . the place be nice . machete do not care . benz drink ? benz pour two tequila shot . they shoot they . benz ( cont 'd ) like angel pissing down my throat . benz point machete to sit behind the desk . he flip open a manila folder , inside be a 8 X 10 of a well - dress 40 - something man . benz ( cont 'd ) do you know this man ? machete shake he head no . benz ( cont 'd ) State Senator John mclaughlin , independent from cocksucker County . as you know , illegal immigrant such as yourself be be force out of we country at a alarming rate . if he have he druther , he would ship you back to old meh-hee - co . that 's he platform : ship `em back . ( more ) rnewman / endeavor draft 15 . benz ( cont 'd ) but first , he would make you build a wall along the border for no pay . not so much as a thank you then get the fuck out . benz see this do not impress machete . benz ( cont 'd ) what ? machete that do not sound like you problem . benz that 's where you be wrong , friend . what we senator fail to realize be that this country run on illegal labor . thrives on it . keeps cost down , keep the wheel move . bust that , and the world stop turn . you have chaos and shit . machete what do you want I to do ? benz for the good of both we people , we new senator must die . and for that I will pay you $ 150,000 cash . int . inner room benz flick the light . tables be laid out with weaponry . machete walk past the automatics and blade . he stop at a machete . benz you like the machete , huh ? strictly low - tech , but good close - up , or if you be try to make a particularly brutal point . but it 's entirely unsuite to we purpose . here . have a look at this . he show he a unassemble sniper rifle . as he list the specs , he snap it together perfect . rnewman / endeavor draft 16 . benz ( cont 'd ) ( specific dialogue about the weapon , the laser - sight on it , the ammo it use , then ) cheer up , Charlie . this be you golden ticket . benz drop a hollow point sniper shell into machete 's hand . ext . STREET in front of church - day machete walk past , the briefcase in one hand , rifle case in the other . families have gather on the front step after a baptism . padre shake hand with the parishioner . seem to recognize machete , but when he look again , machete 's go . ext . day laborer pickup spot - day machete step up to the taco truck and set the lock briefcase on the counter . luz ( smiling ) you still owe I , amigo . two taco y cafe . what 's this ? machete collateral . machete walk away . int . conference room Senator JOHN mclaughlin sit while a foppish italian cut he hair . a reporter sit across from he . reporter but be not this anti-immigration platform a hard sell in this part of the country , where so many voter have strong ethnic background ? mclaughlin not at all . that voter be here legally . ( more ) rnewman / endeavor draft 17. mclaughlin ( cont 'd ) it cheapen they experience , they hard work , to have people jump the border , take advantage of loophole in we system . it make a mockery of everything they have work for and turn it into a big steaming pile of -- a hand cover the reporter 's recorder . it 's benz . benz thank you , that will be all . the reporter half -smile . benz usher she out and turn to the hairdresser . benz ( cont 'd ) who the fuck be this ? mclaughlin it 's mario . he 's my goddamn hairdresser . benz get out . get the fuck out . mario leave . mclaughlin I have get to look good for my constituency . benz you be in here with a reporter and a fuck shampoo queen , for Christ sake . mclaughlin mario 's the best . benz people want to know you be one of they . from now on , no manicure , no massage , no English tailore suit . mclaughlin who die up you ass , benz ? I be elect , you sonofabitch . the people have speak , by a slim margin maybe , but they pick I . rnewman / endeavor draft 18. benz and they will be pick through you trash look for a reason to fuck you up . I be do everything I can to make you von problem go away . do not add more fuel to the fire . mclaughlin von ... that fat sonofabitch . what do he say ? benz I do not give a damn . as long as he lay low and do not take a step out of he little tree fort , he and he boy can play soldier till Hell freeze over . ext . abandoned national guard armory - day truck and military surplus vehicle be lining up and move out . von , drive a big truck , prepare to leave the premise . shade and a cigar . man riding shotgun look uncomfortable . man maybe we should not be do this , von . not with the heat we be under . von " Congress shall make no law abridge the right of the people peaceably to assemble , and to petition the government for a redress of grievance . " do you know what that 's from ? man the constitution ? von the first fuckin amendment " Congress shall make no law abridge the right of the people peaceably to assemble , and to petition the government for a redress of grievance . " I would like to assemble peaceably as I have some grievance to redress . now be that all right with you ? man stand down . put on he cap . it say " freedom force . " rnewman / endeavor draft 19 . the truck roll out . ext . / int . downtown build - day machete in janitor uniform push a mop and bucket to the elevator and step inside . a woman in a business suit , hair pin back and glass stop the elevator door . woman you ! machete freeze . woman ( cont 'd ) you be not cisco . you be new here , be not you ? well , one of the toilet in the lady ' be bust again , and you need to clean it up snappy . machete this be cisco 's floor . I be on 11 . woman but this be a emergency ! machete find cisco . the elevator door shut . ext . toho japanese steakhouse - day elektra enter . int . top floor , roof access machete wheel a mop and bucket . he pull a plastic bag out of the gray water and enter the stairwell . ext . rooftop machete slip the piece of the rifle out of the plastic bag and assemble they . he prep for the kill . rnewman / endeavor draft 20 . ext . courthouse step - day throng of people be gather to hear the Senator 's speech . the citizen militia lead by von carry sign of support for mclaughlin and other anti-immigration slogan . they wear cap mark " freedom force . " across the street , a counterprotest group assemble with sign of they own . luz 's taco truck be there . speaker we be at a crossroad in this great land , and one man have the vision to see we into the future . militia man ( applauding ) we man 's up next . von it 's a great day in America , amen . benz stand among the crowd , the brim of a cowboy hat shading he eye . speaker please join I in welcoming we great State Senator John mclaughlin ! mclaughlin stand at the podium . behind he hang a banner : land of the free , not the freeloaders . the crowd punctuate he speech with cheer . mclaughlin make no mistake , my friend : we be at war . every time a illegal sneak across the border by dark of night it be a act of aggression against the United States . and I submit to you , it be a over act of terrorism . this people be terrorist . cheer swell in the crowd , spike with boo and jeer from across the street . ext . rooftop - day machete ready the sniper rifle and aim down at he target . something catch he eye -a glint of a reflection - as he spot - ... rnewman / endeavor draft 21. another sniper across the way , aim another sniper rifle directly at he . machete let off two quick round and the sniper let off three shot in rapid succession and one of they catch machete in the shoulder . he flip onto he back and out of the other sniper 's line of sight . ext . courthouse step - day down below , machete 's bullet have graze mclaughlin 's cheek . the second bullet have shattered mclaughlin 's shin . the throng scramble for cover as armed guard draw they weapon and scan the sky . int . top floor , roof access machete zip up the gray coverall but the blood start to seep through . he push the mop and bucket and a small trickle of blood run down the mop handle from where it lean against machete 's shoulder and into the bucket . he walk briskly to the elevator and slip inside . int . elevator the elevator stop on the sixth floor . a guard enter , talk on a 2 - way . guard ( into radio ) Roger . I be on my way . machete push the bucket and mop out . the guard notice blood on the floor . guard ( cont 'd ) hey ! he reach for machete but machete pull a hide blade from the mop handle and jack the guy with quick , sharp thrust into he neck . the guard slide backwards into the elevator as the door close . int . sixth floor machete push the bucket and mop towards a open office . there 's a fire escape out the window . he head towards it . rnewman / endeavor draft 22. int . downtown build , ground floor Elevator open as the woman complain about the toilet earlier step in and see guard lie in pool of blood . she scream . ext . courthouse step - day frantic down there , as a fight break out between von 's anti - immigration militia and pro-immigrant protester . benz grab mclaughlin and funnel he into a wait limousine . the limo screech as it speed away . int . limousine , moving benz press he jacket against the bloody wound at mclaughlin 's leg . mclaughlin the fuck be that ? benz I would say it be a fuck gift from the god . mclaughlin what be you talk about ? benz get ready for you number to rise like lazarus . a thousand buck say it be some bean -eate wetback just take a potshot at you . it will put the fear of God into the ethic commission . now we get you to the hospital , you make you bedside speech and you be set . mclaughlin look at benz , take it all in . mclaughlin fix I a goddamn drink . ext . FIRE escape - day machete rocket down the fire escape . he land and a cop smashes the back of he head with a shotgun butt . rnewman / endeavor draft 23. machete fly into garbage can . shotgun pump . he look up . two cop have shotgun point at he head . patrolman go ahead jorge , I will grease you chip all over this fuck alley ! one of the cop cuff he and shove he into the backseat of a patrol car . patrolman ( cont 'd ) it 's go to turn into a lynch mob if we do not get he out of here now . the patrolmen drive away ; a tv crew spot they and jump into they van to give chase . int . patrol car , moving the two patrolmen be young , hype . patrolman this be fuck big . this guy take a shot at a Representative . cop Senator . patrolman same fuck thing . he could die , and we catch he . cop yeah , we do . they be gonna hang he like Saddam . patrolman we be fuckin ' heroes , buddy . the patrol car zip in and out of traffic . cop I be gonna call it in . unless you want to do it . patrolman no . you go ahead . you be good at it . rnewman / endeavor draft 24 . cop what the fuck be that suppose to mean ? that I be not good at the action stuff ? just the pussy stuff ? patrolman do I fuckin ' say that ? cop do you fuckin ' mean it ? patrolman look , you and I both apprehend this fuckin ' suspect . we frisk he and we cuffed he and now we be bringin ' he downtown . we be gonna get a medal for this . cop I do not frisk he . patrolman yeah , you do . cop I be tell you . I do not frisk he . you must have do it . patrolman I do not frisk he . I think you -- suddenly , a bolus of blood appear at the driver 's mouth . cop Jesus fuck ! what 's wrong , man ? in the backseat , machete have he machete in he cuffed hand , stick through the driver 's seat and into the guy 's chest . machete twist the blade and the driver turn the wheel in the direction -- machete be steering the car from the backseat with the machete stick through the driver ! patrolman ( spitting blood ) oh , fuck ! his foot go like iron to the floor , gun the engine . cop slow down , man ! machete jerk the blade to one side and the cop car veer into oncoming traffic . rnewman / endeavor draft 25 . cop ( cont 'd ) Holy shit ! the cop try to grab the wheel but machete jerk the blade in the opposite direction and the cop car wreck , spilling sideways and slide across the pavement . machete slide out through the bust glass and frees he hand on the blade , then limp towards -- ext . alleyway - day tv van jerk to a halt and the cameraman get footage of the cop car wreckage and of machete miraculously walk away . tv reporter hurry to catch up and describe the scene . int . toho japanese steakhouse elektra look up from she teriyaki and martini to the mute tv mount on the wall . elektra hey , turn that up , would you ? tv reporter ( on tv ) ...at the scene of a incredible accident just moment after the attempt on State Senator mclaughlin 's life and we be not sure if this individual be in custody or be hit by the vehicle but he appear to be injure -- ext . alleyway the cop car ignites its spill gas . tv reporter Holy fuck ! the car blow , send they fly backwards into the side of the tv truck . machete be throw by the explosion into blackout . int . toho japanese steakhouse elektra 's phone ring . it 's she boss . rnewman / endeavor draft 26 . elektra I be watch it . boss ( on phone ) do not watch it . get on it now ! I want that suspect . elektra what do you know ? boss I only know what you know , and right know , you do not know dick . elektra I be go , relax . ext . alleyway / int . sniper be car , moving - day sniper who take a shot at machete watch as the cop sift through the mess leave behind . sniper ( on phone ) I think he 's toast . benz ( on phone ) do not think . know . check the hospital . check the morgue . Fucking verify . elektra arrive . sniper get a eyeful as she cross the yellow tape barrier . sniper ( hanging up ) now that 's what I call a fuckable ass . sniper drive off . int . county medical hospital room - night county medical be noisy and dirty . a sexy spanish nurse wheel machete down the corridor and into a room . her tattoo poke out from under she tiny nurse uniform . rnewman / endeavor draft 27 . nurse ( quietly in Spanish ) they do not know you be here yet . you be bring in as a Juan doe . innocent bystander . he 's barely conscious ; he vision blurred . int . county medical hospital room doc felix check X - Ray . nurse give he a kiss . nurse here he be , Doc . doc felix good girl . she bend over and give Doc a eyeful . nurse hey Doc ... I can feel you eyeball in my uterus . Doc slip a surgical glove on . doc felix let 's investigate that . machete cough into semi-consciousness . doc felix ( cont 'd ) oh hey , the hero have awoken . check it out . ( hold up X - Ray ) this be amazing . you can see the bullet rebound , enter the back of the cranium and be stop by another bullet already lodge in the bone . I have never see anything like it . if he have not be shot before he would be dead now . there 's a lesson in there somewhere ... a gruff security guard walk in and handcuff machete to the side of the gurney . security guard you be go to tell I who you be work for or I will bury you spic ass and have you wife turn trick for taco by breakfast . rnewman / endeavor draft 28. doc felix hey , buddy . this be a patient of mine . he 's in a fragile state . he 's get a bullet in he cranium . security guard this wetback try to kill the Senator , Doc ! it 's all over the tv . doc felix yeah ? in that case you better let I keep he alive so you can beat the truth out of he . and collect the reward . the Guard lighten up . security guard you be alright , Doc . you know how it be , they take we welfare money . there be not none leave for we decent folk ... now you get he lucid so I can torture he good . doc felix lucid . that 's a good word . go get a coffee and do nut out in the lobby . I will come get you when he 's ready . security guard I will be wait . he leave . Doc lock the door . nurse pull a leather pouch out from under she garter belt . Inside be three hypodermic needle ; Orange , Red and Black . int . hospital lobby sniper and two thug pass security guard make a mess of a powder donut . int . county medical hospital room Doc uncap the Orange syringe . machete struggle . rnewman / endeavor draft 29 . doc felix ( in perfect spanish ) do not worry , amigo , this be not my country . I be from Cuba ; one hundred percent . she 's from Puerto Rico . we be all Children of the Sun . the nurse give machete a kiss , Doc slap she ass . doc felix ( cont 'd ) leave he alone . ( beat ) now this be my friend . ( tap the needle ) they will cheer you up special until this bullet hole feel like little butterfly kiss . the nurse blow a kiss at they . Doc stab the Orange one into machete 's arm . machete 's eye SNAP open . the heart monitor speed up . Doc toss the needle into the trash can and pull out the Red one . doc felix ( cont 'd ) this one here ... the guard bang on the door . security guard ( 0.c . ) hurry up in there ! Doc Felix panic . doc felix ... be for I . he stab he own leg with it . doc felix ( cont 'd ) oh wow , that hit the spot ... all the spot ! Doc 's head vibrate . the guard bang the door . doc felix ( cont 'd ) this one , I call this one " popeye . " rnewman / endeavor draft 30 . Felix stab the Black into machete 's leg . he jolt awake and break he shackle . the heart monitor explode . the guard kick the door in . machete knock he out . machete peek from the doorway . sniper and he man walk up . he shut the door . he 's cornere . machete another way out ? doc felix wait , I get something . Doc hand he a wick tool make of long curve surgical steel call a -- doc felix ( cont 'd ) skull scraper . we use this to scrape the bone clean . it cut through flesh like butta . machete slip the nurse belt off and strap the surgical tool to he arm like captain hook . machete thanks . doc felix vaya con dios . ext . hospital corridor Doc and he nurse cruise past the approach henchmen . int . hospital room machete clamp a oxygen canister to the back of the gurney . lay on it and shoot the valve . it explode he through the door . rnewman / endeavor draft 31 . ext . hospital corridor machete soar down the hall with a fireball behind he . he blast henchmen as he fly by , the corridor of window shatter . sniper duck for cover . his hook arm slice a man 's belly open . machete crash through a window at the end of the corridor . ext . hospital - night machete fall ten storey . int . car - night a middle age couple be have a nice drive listen to the local rush limbaugh spew vitriol about illegal . they look up , smile fade . couple Pov : machete fall face first towards they . he crash through the windshield into they lap . the car drive through the front window of a coffee shop . int . coffee shop machete climb out , into the night . ext . country club hospital the hospital be modern , tranquil , in sharp contrast to County Medical . mile Davis play softly over the speaker system . elektra walk down the hallway , high heel clip-clopping . int . mclaughline hospital room she enter . mclaughlin be make a statement on the phone . benz give she a hard look , wave she away to wait . mclaughlin ( on phone ) this act ... this cowardly act ... ( more ) rnewman / endeavor draft 32. mclaughlin ( cont 'd ) will not end my struggle , to keep we country safe from that who would destroy it . God bless everyone who stand with I today , I will return to the fight . and God bless America . benz take the phone from he . benz no further statement . we only hope that the perpetrator be bring to swift justice in a american court . elektra flash a badge at mclaughlin . benz hang up . elektra elektra Rivers , Department of homeland Security . benz this be a state matter . we have already talk to -- elektra dhs have jurisdiction over everyone so give it a rest , mr-- benz Booth . Michael Booth . mclaughlin I do not know what I can do to help you in here , agent Rivers . you want to find the bastard do this , go look for he . elektra I appreciate that , sir , and I assure you -- mclaughlin spit on she shoe . mclaughlin you can not assure dick . just ask what you want and then you can be on you way . she keep she steely resolve as she pull out a small note pad . rnewman / endeavor draft 33. elektra be the shooter know to you , I mean , do you have any warning or communication before today ? mclaughlin no . elektra look over at benz , get nothing . elektra my expertise be in profiling and assess risk of potentially dangerous individual who be in this country illegally . benz look like you miss one . burn . then , not miss a beat -- elektra would you like additional dhs officer assign to you security detail ? benz the senator be try to project a image of resilience , not fear . now I be sure you will agree , the Senator have have a very try day . elektra here 's my card , in case you change you mind . or you think of anything else . she hand benz she card . benz you will be the first person I call . elektra leave and benz drop the card in the trash . ext . back alley - night machete run down alley , slow , tired . luz' taco truck sit at the end of the alley . machete approach as luz be clean up . rnewman / endeavor draft 34 . luz hijo de la chingada . what happen to you ? ext . coffee shop - night sniper survey the damage . henchman Booth be not go to like this . what be we go to tell he ? beat . sniper ( calm ) " oops . " ext . luz' garage , driveway - night the taco truck pull into a garage . int . bedroom , luz' house luz help machete to the bed . luz you will be safe here . int . kitchen luz set a pot to boil with all kind of herb . int . bedroom luz return with the boil pot and set the briefcase down . machete do you open it ? luz no . machete nod and luz open it . it 's fill with cut newspaper . she show he . rnewman / endeavor draft 35 . luz ( cont 'd ) nothing worth nothing here , unless you be go to make a pinata . now lie back . machete lay down . luz scoops the boil goop onto he wound . luz ( cont 'd ) you know what this be , right ? machete nod yes . luz ( cont 'd ) Works every time . when the sun rise , you will be good . machete feel she long leg up . machete I do not know about that . luz cuidado , chico . you might burn yourself . she place a mexican blanket on he . machete why be you help I ? luz you know why machete . machete you know I ? luz no , but I know the myth of the last honest cop in Mexico . machete the myth might be better . luz cada uno lleva su cruz ( sub . we each have we cross to bear ) machete pull she down onto he . rnewman / endeavor draft 36 . ext . elektra's bungalow - night elektra drive into the driveway . there 's a Texas Ranger pickup already there . elektra good . now I can get some answer . int . elektra's bungalow elektra come in . place look desert . elektra mcgraw ? mcgraw , be you here ? no answer . elektra unholster she sidearm , and scope the place out . thump come from the bedroom . she assume she best vigilant stance and kick open the door . int . elektra's bedroom Ranger mcgraw ( late 20 ) lie in bed while sis ride he like a cowgirl should , not miss a beat . elektra goddamnit ! you be fuck my sister ? mcgraw you sister ? Holy shit . I think it be you . elektra fuckin ' liar . sis ride on , not give a shit . elektra ( cont 'd ) do you at least get I the file ? mcgraw sure I do . mcgraw be preoccupy with the business at hand . elektra well , where the hell be they ? rnewman / endeavor draft 37 . mcgraw uh ... uh ... uhh ... elektra never mind . I see `em . she snatch a file from the bedside table . elektra ( cont 'd ) if you need I , I will be in the bath . slut . sis bitch . elektra exit . mcgraw howl . ext . beni' estate - day benz 's home be a nice ranch - style spread . int . beni' estate , dine room benz sit at the head of the table eat with he wife , JUNE and daughter , april . JUNE the nerve . a honest , dedicated american like John . what on earth be they think ? benz they be not , dear . they be not . JUNE I worry more about April . what kind of world be we leave she ? april I think Cole be go to ask I to marry he . JUNE oh , honey that 's -- april but I do not want to marry he . JUNE terrible . rnewman / endeavor draft 38. april I mean , look at I . I be not ready for that kind of commission . benz commitment . april that either . I have priority . JUNE good for you . benz School , career . that come first . april I be talk about my modeling . benz you be a beautiful girl , April , but that 's a tough nut to crack . april no it be not . do you know how many hit I have get on my website ? benz you have a website ? ( to JUNE ) she have a website . you know about this ? June nod yes . april I know what the online public want , and they want I . all of I . Cole 's just go to have to wait . benz see sniper come up the driveway . benz we will talk about this later . I will be in my office . benz walk off . JUNE ( whisper to April ) be there cute guy on there ? you need I to inspect they I think . rnewman / endeavor draft 39 . april ( whispering ) no way ! you be such a slut , Mom ! you be a cougar slut ! they laugh . int . beni' office benz enter to find sniper already there , pour himself a drink . tv be on mute in the background . benz I hope you have get something to celebrate . artist 's sketch of machete fill the tv screen . sniper he 's off the grid . sonofabitch disappear . benz point to a map of the city on he desk . benz I pick he up here . find out if anyone 's see he . he could not have do it on he own . he have help . find the help . int . luz' house - day machete wake up , alone . a note on the pillow read - breakfast in oven . CUT to : int . kitchen - morning machete open the oven door and take out a plate of steaming migas . he eat and look around at luz 's picture on the wall ; luz as a young girl on a farm in Mexico , protest at a university , newspaper article about the riot , in rebel gear in the mountain , the picture reveal a serious past behind the hot taco lady . rnewman / endeavor draft 40 . ext . druglord sprawling ranch , mexico - day a truck be wave through the gate by armed guard . int . druglord bedroom druglord be service by a trio of woman . torrez , older , enter . druglord be unfaze , keep right on truck . torrez he 's alive . druglord stop in mid-fuck . druglord go. the first girl leave off . druglord ( cont 'd ) all of you . the other girl follow she and exit . druglord ( cont 'd ) where ? torrez Texas . druglord take all the man you need . but bring he back alive . I want to kill he with my own hand . int . government office , TEXAS - day elektra sit at she desk , go over machete 's file . photo of machete in federale uniform , mugshot of young machete . pull a sheet that read : psychiatric evaluation in Spanish . elektra ( to herself ) " problem with authority . prone to violence . fatalistic , rule by a sense of destiny and purpose . " begin flashback rnewman / endeavor draft 41 . ext . mexican slum - day dirt street . cinder - block house with tin roof . young machete , 8 , long hair , play swordfighter in the street with a stalk of sugar cane . elektra ( v.o. ) " Father be a preacher who butte head with the local drug baron . " low angle , slo mo - preacher dad with a sign around he neck and wave a Bible , shouting wordlessly . there be hypodermic needle in the street at he foot . he kick they away . elektra ( cont 'd ) ( v.o. ) " inherite sense of destiny from father . " int . mexico , primitive drug lab barefoot woman cut white powder . preacher dad burst in with a Bible in one hand and a light torch in the other . shout in Spanish . woman scatter as he set fire to everything inside . ext . mexico church - night five men walk in with club , bat , and a machete . they attack dad . blood sprays on the flower . CUT to black . elektra ( v.o. ) " subject be the first to find he . " fade up Young machete walk through the gate , wave he sugar cane sword . we see glimpsis of gore as he do . cu eye elektra ( cont 'd ) ( v.o. ) " subject develop Old Testament - style concept of vengeance at a early age . sense of righteousness . " rnewman / endeavor draft 42. he drop he sugar cane sword and pick up the bloody machete use to kill he dad . ( slo mo ) int . mexico CITY bar - night killer 1 play foosball in the back . the ball pop into the air . a hand catch it ; reveal young machete . killer 1 reach for the ball . Young machete chop he hand off . killer 1 fall ; another chop , blood spray Young machete 's face , he do not blink . int . phone booth - night killer 2 on the phone . he look down at bloody Young machete . machete stab the man through the glass booth . ext . park - night a group of mexican play late night soccer . the ball be kick into the bush . killer 3 run in to get it . he do not come out . teammate throw the ball back , pendejo ! the ball fly out of the bush and land on the field ... except it 's not a ball ! it 's killer 3 's head bounce towards they . int . live room - night killer 4 sit on the couch watch a spanish sitcom . mo shot - he 's laugh hysterically - his smile fade . a stream of blood pour down between he eye . he fall forward revealing a knife bury in he head and Young machete stand calmly . rnewman / endeavor draft 43. ext . house - night doorbell ring . killer 5 answer in bathrobe and cigar . Young machete stand there , knife in hand , cover in blood . killer 5 ( spanish ) what do you want , little maricon ? what you go to do with that knife ? you think that scare I ? you think ... elektra ( v.o. ) " subject 's macabre kill method trace to childhood tragedy . " slurrmp ! killer 5 's head be impale on a wooden stake , we be now at ... ext . tree house - morning pull back to reveal five head on stake surround a cute plywood tree house . a swat team converge on it . Young machete in he Zorro pajamas eat cereal . a tear gas canister fly in through the top and land in he cereal . the swat team rush the door . int . prison cell - day a cell door slam on Young machete 's face . elektra ( v.o. ) " recommendation : total lockdown . " end flashback int . government office , TEXAS - day boss enter . rnewman / endeavor draft 44 . boss you look like you have see a ghost . elektra no . but I read the ghost 's file . my local contact mcgraw get it from the hot sheet down south . boss local contact ? elektra ex -boyfriend . whatever . boss and ? elektra he 's dangerous . boss I know there be a reason we keep you on here . it 's you brilliant insight . elektra I be work on it . boss get he . the hammer 's come down on we hard for this , so if you fuck up , it 's not just you ass on the chopping block , it 's mine . elektra you want I to put this background on the air ? boss I could give a fuck . just get he . ext . church - day machete walk into the church he drive by with benz earlier . int . church machete step into the confessional . rnewman / endeavor draft 45 . int . confessional the little door slide open , wooden cross " window " light the scene . machete bless I , padre , for I have sin . it 's be a long fuck time since my last confession . padre I be wonder when you be go to show yourself . they be comb the city for you . how long before they get you file and track down you stepbrother , the priest ? machete sorry , bro . I mean , padre . padre you be wrong to come here . how long have you be here anyway ? machete few week . padre why do not you come to I before ? machete do not need you before . padre what do you think I can do for you ? give you absolution ? you have to be sorry for you sin , first . machete I be not sorry . padre I be not surprised . machete they use I . padre they use all of we . welcome to the real world . machete they need to pay . rnewman / endeavor draft 46 . padre in money or blood ? machete either . both . padre I be a man of faith . I take a vow of peace . you want I to help you kill all this man ? machete yes , bro . I mean , padre . padre I will see what I can do . padre shake he head , make the sign of the cross . ext . day laborer pickup spot - day luz 's taco truck in its usual spot . luz be sit at the window play with loteria card . sniper pull up . show machete 's picture to man who try to avoid he . he brace a few of they . luz hey culero , leave they alone . they do not like pork . he show she the sketch of machete . sniper I be no cop . you see this guy ? luz flip over a loteria card with the grim reaper . she show it to sniper . luz have you see he ? sniper slap it out of she hand . luz ( cont 'd ) cono , this will not end pretty . he grab she arm , pin it to the counter and jab a switchblade into it , carve out a phone number . rnewman / endeavor draft 47 . sniper call I when he show or I will carve that pretty face of yours into a seven layer burrito get that puta !? he hold the switchblade up to she face and leave . int . church sacristy machete follow padre into the church sacristy , a plush bachelor pad . machete when I get the money , I will give some to the church . padre you think Jesus want you blood money , juda ? machete shrug . padre light a cigar and pour they two drink . padre ( cont 'd ) how much blood money be we talk about ? machete a hundred - fifty thousand . padre ( spit - take ) Jesus , Mary and Joseph ! I want you to say ten we father , ten hail mary and ten glory be 's , and I want you to light a candle for dad . machete eye a bank of security monitor . different surveillance shot of the interior and exterior of the church . padre ( cont 'd ) I have they install last year . too many thing be walk away from the altar , the collection plate . check this out . padre point at a kneeler in front of a rustic altar-look armoire . machete kneel . padre open the armoire revealing a hd tv inside . rnewman / endeavor draft 48. padre ( cont 'd ) no time for that now . you need to see this . I tivo would it earlier . News footage of the sniper attack play . machete see himself on the big screen . machete stop it . padre pause . machete pick out benz help mclaughlin into the limo . machete ( cont 'd ) that one . he 's the one who hire I . benz . padre that 's Michael Booth . mclaughlin 's aide or something . cabrone , los dos . why would he hire you to kill he boss ? the video replay part of the interview with mclaughlin from earlier . mclaughlin ( on tv ) ..... that I may return to the senate and fight on . news anchor ( voice-over on tv ) poll show mclaughlin 's number be surging since the assassination attempt and official say they have put a hold on the ethic committee investigation into mclaughlin 's tie to the freedom Force militia . meanwhile , police continue to scour the city for the perpetrator . if you have any information on the whereabouts of this man -- machete 's mug fill the screen . padre click it off . machete where do he live ? padre machete , you can not just kill everyone ! rnewman / endeavor draft 49 . machete I will leave some for you . padre that 's not what I mean . ext . alley , chop shop sniper look around . chop shop guy approach . guy what be you look for , gringo ? sniper this guy . he show they the sketch . guy look like my sister 's boyfriend 's cousin 's mother 's son . sniper you be sharp . you be liable to get cut . sniper about to make a move , but see he 's outnumber here . sniper put he hand up , walk out backwards . sniper ( cont 'd ) Safety first . int . mclaughline office benz sit behind mclaughlin 's desk . sniper across from he . sniper lead 's run cold . he 's underground . probably back in the homeland by now . benz 's fax machine power on . benz snap he finger and sniper pull the fax as it 's come out . sniper ( cont 'd ) Ho -ly shit . who know that you mexican day laborer be a goddamn federale ?! phone ring . benz answer . rnewman / endeavor draft 50 . benz yeah . machete ( on phone ) my money . benz Holy mother of Christ . you have get some ball . you miss , asshole . machete or else . benz or else what ?... hello ? int . padre' church hearse machete hang up . he drive the windy road to benz 's estate . ext . beni' estate - day he park the hearse at the back , get out and follow the sound of girl ' laughter . ext . natural spring - day machete walk through some bush and come out at a waterfall and natural spring . June and April be skinny dip . they giggle . they spot machete and cover themselves with they arm . april hey , you be not the usual boy ! machete he call in sick . JUNE that little bastard promise I a ride on he leafblower . they laugh . april do not be shy . rnewman / endeavor draft 51 . show herself ... april ( cont 'd ) why do not you come in ? the water 's fine . JUNE that 's right . come on in , sugar ! we like variety around here , no matter what the boy say . you want a wine cooler ? machete hold up a bottle shape like a cross . april oh , momma ! he 's get the good stuff ! dissolve to : they play with machete in the pool . the Girls drink from the Cross bottle . ext . beni' estate - day back door of the hearse slam shut on the girl pass out cold . ext . windy road - day machete speed away with the girl in the hearse . he pass benz drive home . int . beni' office - day benz enter to find the phone ringing . he answer . benz June ? April ? machete ( on phone ) or else this . benz where be my wife and daughter !?! click . rnewman / endeavor draft 52 . int . padre' church , garage padre open the back of the hearse and see the naked mom and daughter pass out inside . padre Holy ... padre cross himself . ext . armory - day von watch as militiamen practice maneuver stick bayonet into burlap mexican effigy . a militia man lead sniper and benz into von 's presence . von well , well , look what 's come ask for papa von 's help . benz it 's beyond my reach , von . I need you on this now . von you need I from the get go , but let 's not piss on what 's past . benz he 's get my wife and daughter . von sweet Jesus . I bet he 's get a big imagination what to do with a couple cutie pie like that . make I ill just think about it . you must have break off a dick in he ass . first he come after you boss , then he come after you family . who 's next ? benz just find he . benz and sniper turn to go . von ai not you worried about stain the Senator bring we into this ? rnewman / endeavor draft 53. benz do not you read the papers ? mclaughlin 's a goddamn saint , a fuck martyr . I have see to that . benz and sniper leave . von what do you think he mean by that ? von fire he pistol in the air . the man look over . von ( cont 'd ) boy ! we be goin hunt . yee -has as they file into truck . ext . outside padre' church - day elektra be in she BMW stake out the church with binocular . her Pov through binoc ; a gun barrel block the view . she look up . machete 's mug five inch from she . he slide in the passenger side . machete drive . she do . elektra you can put the gun away . I be not go to give you any trouble . machete you be a cop . elektra homeland Security . I guess that make you a terrorist . machete how do you find I ? elektra come on . give I some credit . it 's not every ex - federale - turn - assassin that have a local priest on the family payroll . rnewman / endeavor draft 54 . machete turn here . she do . elektra so be you go to tell I why you do it ? destiny , maybe ? machete it be just a job . elektra a job ? who hire you ? the undocumented worker ' union ? machete Michael Booth . elektra sonofabitch . can you prove that ? machete maybe . turn here . she do . machete ( cont 'd ) give I ten dollar . elektra what ? why ? machete ten buck . elektra dig into she purse . pull out a $ 10 . machete ( cont 'd ) stop the car . ext . day laborer pickup spot - day elektra stop the car . machete wait . machete get out , approach luz 's taco truck . luz look beyond he to elektra in the car . luz you get around . rnewman / endeavor draft 55 . machete lay the ten on the counter . machete for the taco and coffee . she reach for the ten and machete grab she wrist , see the sniper switchblade scar . she pull away , slip the money between she breast . luz yeah , they come look for you . I tell they nothing , as far as I know you be a myth . int . elektra's car - day machete get back into elektra 's car . elektra look across he at luz . elektra " feeling of righteousness and purpose . " machete drive . in the rear view mirror ; a truck speed towards they . elektra sure thing , boss . the truck rear end they , send elektra 's car over the curb . they rattle around inside like ragdolls . elektra ( cont 'd ) sonofabitch ! she jump out , piss . elektra ( cont 'd ) what the fuck , man ? the militia man open fire , she window shatter . she duck back in , peel out . the truck revs up and pursue . a second truck join the chase . they sandwich elektra 's car between they . machete chop off the driver 's hand of the right - side truck and the truck veer off , crash . rnewman / endeavor draft 56 . they keep up the gunfire . a slug catch machete 's shoulder . elektra ( cont 'd ) my gun ! machete unholster it and fire at the truck . the handcannon shatter the engine block and the truck flip . elektra ( cont 'd ) you be shot . machete no hospital . elektra let I bring you to a safehouse . I can negotiate you safety . we will bring Booth down together . machete onion . elektra you want onion ?! oh shit , you be delirious , die . do not die please . machete onion ! elektra what ? what do you do with ... int . elektra's house - kitchen it 's a mess . machete chop onion . a pot boil over with thick green fluid . he pour the boil green gunk into a bowl . machete come here . elektra what , be this some " old Aztec " shit that 's suppose to heal you ? machete yes . he suck the mixture up with a turkey baster . rnewman / endeavor draft 57 . hand it to she . it smell nasty . elektra what do I do with this ? machete point to the hole in he shoulder . elektra ( cont 'd ) wait , you want this gunk squirt in there ... I do not ... machete take a swig of tequila . machete do it . elektra I ....ca not . she take a swig , pop a pill and stare at the bloody hole . she hold she arm up ready ... elektra ( cont 'd ) fuck . she jam the baster in . the fluid squirt in the hole and sizzle . elektra watch in awe as dark green fluid dribble out of the wound , follow by a thick yellow goo with vein and lump of flesh . it bubbles like a volcano , she peer in and suddenly ... it burst and sprays pus and flesh chunks all over she . elektra ( cont 'd ) ahhhh ! elektra run scream into the bathroom . int . church , inner room April and June rouse from two small cot in a drugge and drunken stupor . they be surprised to find they be naked in a windowless room . there 's a small webcam in a corner . april Mom ? where be we ? I be scared . JUNE I , too , honey . rnewman / endeavor draft 58. april what be this place ? Pov : webcam . grainy b&amp ; W image . they embrace , huddle . int . bungalow - night elektra walk out in a hot new outfit , blow drying she hair . elektra that be disgusting . machete smashes knife handle off and fit the blade into a belt under he jacket . elektra ( cont 'd ) do you mind not break knife in the house ? it 's kind of one of my rule . I mean ... elektra 's phone ring . it 's boss . elektra ( cont 'd ) oh shit . all right . I be go to tell he what you tell I . wish I luck . machete luck . elektra ( answering phone ) yeah . boss ( on phone ) where the hell have you be ? elektra I have a little fender bender . boss ( on phone ) goddamnit ! I say where have you be ? elektra calm down ! I have he right now . rnewman / endeavor draft 59 . boss ( on phone ) you do ? elektra yes , but it 's complicated . he 's innocent . sort of . boss ( on phone ) sonofabitch . what kind of stockholm syndrome bullshit be you try to pull ? elektra just listen . Michael Booth orchestrate the assassination attempt on mclaughlin 's life . boss ( on phone ) his own advisor ? elektra that 's right . this be all some kind of hare - brain scheme to call off the ethic investigation . I think I can get machete to testify . boss ( on phone ) you do , huh ? well that do not matter because no charge be go to be file against Booth . elektra what ? boss ( on phone ) the order 's come down from top brass : no more black eye on dhs . bring in the mexican . Dead or alive . now be you gonna do you fuck job or be you gonna lose you fuck job ? elektra be stunne . boss ( cont 'd ) ( on phone ) agent Rivers ! agent Rivers ! answer I , goddamnit ! rnewman / endeavor draft 60 . elektra hang up , throw the cellphone into the bowl of green onion gunk . she look around for machete , but he 's disappear while she be on the phone . int . church , inner room padre sit at a computer , with stream webcam video of June and April on the screen . padre what do you want I to do with this ? we can not keep they lock up forever . ext . armory - night batter truck roll in . int . armory makeshift infirmary for the wounded . von oversee the patching up of several of he man . von the day be upon we , my friend . we will take down the interloper , and anyone who get in we way . subdued chorus of mild approval . von ( cont 'd ) do you believe in freedom ?! louder chant of " yeah ! " von ( cont 'd ) will you die for freedom ! louder -- " yeah ! " von ( cont 'd ) if that 's what it take to make you free , I will kill you with my own bare hand , amen . the man look at each other as if try to gauge the big man 's sanity . rnewman / endeavor draft 61 . von ( cont 'd ) heal up , brother . heal up good . the day be upon we . int . sniper be car , moving - night sniper patrol the street , look for machete . his cellphone beep with notice of a video message -- link to april' website . he check it out -- the webcam footage of April and June naked in the windowless room . sniper oh shit . int . beni' office / int . sniper' car benz call he . he click over from the message with he bluetooh earpiece so he can still see the webcam video . sniper yeah . benz ( on phone ) you see this ? sniper yeah . benz ( on phone ) we have to find he . we have to find he now ! I be go to rip he heart out with my tooth ! ext . luz' taco truck , moving - night luz be be follow by sniper and he goons . ext . luz' house - night luz pull into she driveway , into the garage . she step out of the truck carry supplies . her dog pancho behind she . rnewman / endeavor draft 62. goon one be there with he boot in she crotch . she double over . sniper and a henchman walk up . sniper where 's you boyfriend ? luz ( straining ) you again ? you keep come back up like bad menudo . sniper pull he cellphone , click it on so that she can see - - inset : webcam video April and June nude in the lock room . end inset luz ( cont 'd ) who 's that ? you mother ? sniper where be he keep they ? inset : webcam video April and June pull out nun ' robe from a closet . they hold they up to see if they will fit . end inset luz laugh . sniper ( cont 'd ) you be not gonna think it 's funny when I cut you a new twat . luz swing the spindle of pork into the goons belly . she stand . her knife roll unfurl , she grab two knife as goon two leap at she . in a blur she slice off he ear like she 's chopping onion . pancho run in and gobbles they up . sniper and he henchmen open fire with they machine gun . luz dive back into the taco truck . rnewman / endeavor draft 63. int . taco truck luz duck and run through the truck , as bullet blast apart everything . she grab a gun and shoot back through the window . shrapnel spray she face , a huge sliver of glass sink into she eye . she yank it out and shoot back . luz hijo de puta ! luz be shot in the chest , she fly back blood spew out . she see the man reloading through the window . luz be bleed , one eye gouge out , fade fast . luz ( cont 'd ) you be come with I maricon ! with she last strength luz open the gas valve on the stove and pass out . ext . taco truck sniper and henchman finish reloading and raise they gun . sniper sniff the air , smell the gas . sniper wait ... henchman fuck that , you wait . the overeager henchman open fire . the bullet slam into the truck ignite the gas and it explode . they be blast back by the fireball . sniper and the henchman wake up amidst the burn wreckage . henchman ( cont 'd ) man ... what happen ? sniper shoot he in the face . sniper moron . rnewman / endeavor draft 64 . his cellphone ring . it 's Booth . benz ( on phone ) anything ? sniper she be not very cooperative . benz ( on phone ) what the hell be that suppose to mean ? sniper take a look at the webcam image on he cell . inset : webcam April and June wear the nun ' robe . end inset sniper they be in a church . I know where . ext . church - dawn ( shorthand version -- to be flesh out ) sniper and some henchmen surround the church . mount a siege of the church . gunfight with padre . explode candle as bullet rip through the church . elderly Hispanic woman in shawl scatter and run for the door . gun battle continue outside . padre go to car trunk , pop it , withdraw two big shotgun . henchmen in a car try to run he down . he blow the car into the air with double - blast . padre face down a henchman . henchman please , Father . have mercy . padre God have mercy . I do not . padre blow he head off . rnewman / endeavor draft 65 . sniper shoot off padre 's leg at the knee joint . padre go down . sniper drag padre inside the church . int . church , inner room Booth smashes down a door . it 's the room where June and April be . it 's empty . the nun ' robe be on the floor . int . church . sniper and a few of the henchmen hold a batter padre down on the ground . sniper where be he ? padre in you nightmare . sniper look to Booth , who nod . sniper hammer a nail into padre 's hand . padre grit he tooth against the pain . padre ( cont 'd ) ( to booth ) you be afraid to get you hand dirty , so you make other carry out you sin . sniper raise the hammer again , but Booth still he hand , take the hammer . Booth lean over padre 's other hand . benz you want to be a martyr ? I be good at make martyr . Booth raise the hammer . padre like mclaughlin ? rnewman / endeavor draft 66 . benz that 's right . in we own way , we can all be like Christ . too bad for you , you choose the worst way . he slam another nail into padre 's other hand . padre you be so drunk with power , you order the hit on you own boss . benz this be the boss . Booth hammer the nail in one by one . bloody padre scream . benz ( cont 'd ) now for the last time ... where be my wife and daughter ? padre , beat and bloody , laugh . benz put two in he chest . padre expire . ext . onion field - day a produce truck fill with migrant worker stop on the roadside near a onion field . worker spill out of the back and get to work . the last two out be April and June . they look up and down the road . it stretch forever with no sign of civilization anywhere . a worker toss burlap sack at they foot . ext . church - night machete return . int . church machete see padre crucify . elektra sit in a bench at the rear of the church . elektra I come back to look for you , and I find he like ... this . rnewman / endeavor draft 67 . machete seem oblivious to elektra . focus on padre 's lifeless crucify body . flash CUT flashback young machete drop the sugarcane sword and pick up the machete ... swing wildly , chopping up the bad guy ... preacher dad 's dead body ... another boy 's hand pick up the preacher 's collar ... put it on ... young padre ... young padre watch swat team surround treehouse ... young padre watch young machete lead away in chain ... young padre enter church ... end flashback int . church elektra ( in spanish ) " the more thing change - - " machete elektra ( in Spanish ) ( in Spanish ) " -- the more they stay the " -- the more they stay the same . " same . " elektra ( cont 'd ) that 's what my grandma use to say . machete the guard tell I that before they beat I . elektra I be sorry . machete you come to arrest I ? elektra not I . I be out . but other will . machete out ? rnewman / endeavor draft 68. elektra they do not care about Booth . they just want to wipe you out . you be a embarrassment to the fed . I guess I be , too . she come close to he . elektra ( cont 'd ) you could have kill I . machete ( smiling ) the day 's still young . elektra I want to help you . she kiss he once , again . again . machete help I find Booth . elektra weigh it . elektra first thing first , I need a drink . int . bungalow - night elektra and machete walk in laugh with a bottle of tequila . she flop down on the couch . elektra shit my heel be break . machete give it here . elektra it 's nice have a man around . it 's be a while . machete pull out some tool and fix she heel . elektra ( cont 'd ) how long awhile you ask ? well , about two year . machete look up . rnewman / endeavor draft 69 . elektra ( cont 'd ) oh that get you attention ? hmm , actually you be better than my last boyfriend . he never listen . I do not know why I get so desperate . do not want to grow old alone I guess . you ever get that feel you be alone and that you will never meet that one person ... machete 's Pov : he see elektra talk , but only hear a monkey like jabber come out of she mouth . elektra ( cont 'd ) be you listen to I ? machete take a drink off the tequila bottle . machete si. elektra give I that bottle . he hand it to she . she swig . elektra ( cont 'd ) so what happen now , when you get he , that 's it ? it 's over ? elektra hear a noise in the back of the house . elektra ( cont 'd ) do you hear that ? stay here . elektra run into the back . machete hear a scream from the bedroom . he head towards it . int . bungalow - bedroom - night machete enter . the light be low . elektra grab he from behind , grope he . elektra oh wow ... be that a machete in you pocket or ... machete you be borracha . rnewman / endeavor draft 70 . she push he down on the bed and stand over he . she 's in lingerie . elektra I be gonna fuck you brain out old man ! she push he back onto the bed . she tear she clothes off , jump on he and fuck he brain out . ext . bungalow - night gun be load . shotgun rack . Men with gun run up the stair . int . bungalow - bedroom - night elektra 's on top ; manic , yell , scratch . the bed frame crack machete see a shadow of a man through the window curtain and another ... he try to push she off he . she won ' T let he ! she 's a animal , screech and yell in spanish . machete grab the gun off the night table , just as the hit squad get there . he manage to keep elektra happy as he blast the masked hitmen come in . they crash through the window and door as he finish everyone off at once . elektra let out a final scream and collapse on he . elektra wow that be ... she notice the carnage . elektra ( cont 'd ) oh my god ... do I wake the neighbor ? they get up . she pull the ski mask off a dead gunman . rnewman / endeavor draft 71 . elektra ( cont 'd ) this be one of ours . he work for the agency . machete come on ! they grab gun and run out . ext . bungalow - night machete and elektra run outside . sniper and he man be wait for they ; gun draw . he wave for he man to lower they gun . sniper machete you can come quietly and we will not hurt the girl . machete contemplate this . sniper ( cont 'd ) you can trust I . I have bring one of you old friend to vouch for I . erhman wave with he bandaged hand . erhman hola machete amigo , long time ! erhman beam a big cheese eat smile . machete draw he gun . machete not long enough . erhman 's smile fade . machete shoot he in the face . machete and elektra open fire with machine gun and speed off in a volkswagon bug . dissolve to : ext . alley , chop shop elektra enter . she 's slowly surround by rough - look mexican . rnewman / endeavor draft 72. elektra my friend and I need a little help . they see machete behind she . man it 's he . montage : chop shop rock machete sharpen blade , make all kind of razor - sharp metal weaponry in the chop shop , use all kind of scrap metal . machete lay down sketches and blueprint . the man and machete build out a trick - out arsenal on trick - out vehicle , like something out of a south of the border Road warrior . machete sharpen he blade as spark fly . ext . alley , chop shop sniper cruise by , hunt for machete . the chop shop boy spot sniper snooping . they bring out a huge blowtorch and carve up he hood . sniper you punk kid ! that 's it ! sniper climb out of he car , gun in hand . a steak knife fly in from off screen and skewer he wrist . he stumble back gush blood , and see ... luz ; alive and well , a red eye patch on . she 's wrap in white bandage crossing and cover she chest and she arm . she 's a mess but a beautiful one , like a female road warrior . Band aid on she forehead . the white bandage cover she dark skin . luz cabron , I tell you it would not end pretty . ( to the guy ) bring he inside . they drag sniper out of the car and into the chop shop . rnewman / endeavor draft 73. sniper you , I get you , what ... luz it pay to have friend , pendejo . they get you ass when you need it . flashback - int . taco truck back to the moment luz have pass out in the truck . pancho bark ; bite luz on the ass and pull she out of the Taco truck second before it explode . CUT to : int . chop shop sniper struggle as they drag he toward a circular see . sniper no ! no ! machete look for someone ? sniper oh my God ... please ... no. please ! no !!! they bring sniper up to the see and grind away at he . luz and pancho look on . ext . country club hospital - day News crew gather outside . int . hospital hallway Booth walk towards mclaughlin 's room , cellphone in hand , try to reach sniper . only get a gurgle , buzzing sound . benz goddamn a T &amp ; T. rnewman / endeavor draft 74 . int . mclaughline hospital room Booth enter mclaughlin 's hospital room . mclaughlin be dress in a suit and a girl be brush he hair while another brighten he cheek with a little makeup . mclaughlin where the fuck have you be ? benz take care of business . mclaughlin my business be here . do you see that crew out there ? they expect a statement . ( notice Booth 's rag appearance ) Jesus , what happen to you ? benz nothing . just have a little talk with a priest . mclaughlin well , what be I go to tell `em ? benz whatever you tell they , I be sure it will be golden . ( off mclaughlin 's blank look ) just feed they the line about stand steadfast in the face of terrorism , continue the fight . you know it by heart . mclaughlin look relieved . mclaughlin I do . all right . once this be do , you need to take a vacation . you need some air . benz maybe . mclaughlin no doubt about it . you be lose you marble , Booth . the girl finish the makeup and hair job , and smile at mclaughlin . rnewman / endeavor draft 75 . mclaughlin ( cont 'd ) it 's showtime . mclaughlin stand and exit , Booth right behind they . as they leave , we focus on the tv set in mclaughlin 's room , show the front of the hospital and the news crew outside . suddenly the ticker show breaking news ... shootout at local church related to mclaughlin assassination attempt ? exclusive video ... developing ... ext . church - day yellow police tape around the perimeter . torrez watch from a distance , look around . torrez see elektra 's car drive by . he hop into he rental and follow she . ext . hospital - day mclaughlin and Booth exit the hospital to face the throng of reporter . mclaughlin approach a makeshift lectern of microphone . mclaughlin I would just like to thank the all of you for you support during this difficult time . mclaughlin 's supporter cheer and hold up pro-mclaughlin , anti-immigration sign . mclaughlin ( cont 'd ) my will to fight have only just begin . we must not let the terrorist win this battle for we land , we America ! thank you . more cheer . one of the reporter step up . reporter Congressman , there be report implicate you advisor as have orchestrate the shoot . would you care to comment ? the cheer fizzle . mclaughlin look stunne . rnewman / endeavor draft 76 . mclaughlin do what now ? inset : tv screen webcam footage play of Booth in the church . benz you want to be a martyr ? I be good at make martyr . padre like mclaughlin ? benz that 's right . he slam another nail into padre 's other hand . padre you be so drunk with power , you order the hit on you own boss . inset end mclaughlin look to Booth , but Booth be gone . mclaughlin no further comment . thank you . mclaughlin duck back inside . int . hospital hallway mclaughlin stumbling . mclaughlin could somebody fuck help I ? I think I be have a heart attack . Booth take hold of he and usher he out the back door . ext . country club hospital - day outside mclaughlin 's supporter be daze and confuse . rnewman / endeavor draft 77 . int . limousine , moving Booth drive . mclaughlin pop vicodin with a bottle of Maker 's Mark . mclaughlin what do you do , Booth ? you jeopardize my career with that wetback ! he could have fuck kill I ! benz not with that scope . mclaughlin you stupid sonofabitch . you pull something like this , without consulting I ?! you fuck I . you be a stupid sonofabitch . the press be go to demand answer ! you get another brilliant solution for that ? they stop . suddenly , machete be stand on top of the limo . he 's throw knife into the open sunroof . mclaughlin be pin to the seat . Booth exit the vehicle and hightail it . machete pursue . ext . alleyway Booth and machete on the run , after each other . fistfight in the street . Booth scramble up a fire escape . ext . back alleyway a group of man be stand around a pitbull pit where two pit bull be go at it . the man place bet excitedly on which dog will be the victor . ext . roof machete and Booth fight on the roof . rnewman / endeavor draft 78. ext . back alleyway machete and Booth roll off a roof and tumble into the pitbull pit , fight each other as the dog fight . the man around they start place bet on machete and Booth . Booth cut one of the man and the pitbull go after he . Booth escape from the circle and carjack a woman . he kick she out of the car and speed towards the armory . benz ( dialing phone ) von! von! ext . STREET machete come out of the alleyway . his buddy in they Road warrior ride swing by and pick he up . machete follow he . int . armory , makeshift infirmary / int . stolen car , moving von 's phone ring . von sit on a couch watch the news . Booth 's mug fill the screen . von make no sudden move to answer . man should not you --? von let he stew awhile . von mute the tv , answer the phone . von ( cont 'd ) von here . benz drive . benz where be you , goddamnit !? I be bring he up . von up ? up where ? benz up you fat , fishbelly ass ! rnewman / endeavor draft 79 . von Fine . bring he here . papa von' get a big surprise a-wait . ext . elektra's bungalow elektra enter . place look desert again . elektra shit . I do not even want to know who she 's fuck now . int . elektra's bedroom sis be be savagely attack by torrez . int . elektra's bungalow elektra hear it , but think it 's sis fuck . elektra Fucking shit , bitch . make he pay for a goddamn hotel . thuds get louder , then stop . elektra look up . elektra ( cont 'd ) sis ? bedroom door open slowly . elektra see the horror inside . put a hand to she mouth to staunch the flow of projectile vomit . then she 's take from behind by torrez 's henchmen . torrez she be just a warmup . now I be ready for dessert . he edge in . ext . armory - day militiamen guard the gate . Booth barrel towards the gate . rnewman / endeavor draft 80. he spin out and get out of the car . benz shut the gate quick ! he 's after I ! some of the man shut the gate . Booth approach von. benz ( cont 'd ) he kill mclaughlin . he 's come after I . von and you lead he right to papa von . that 's some kind of thank you . benz I see to it that mclaughlin give you the key to this fortress . you owe we . von the senator , maybe . but what exactly do I owe you , turncoat ? benz what be you talkin- - von you hold the hand that hold the gun , Booth . just as good as you kill he . Booth lunge for he but the other militia man hold he back . von ( cont 'd ) put the traitor in the brig . they lead Booth away , kick and spitting . benz you can not do this to I , von ! you need I ! int . brig Booth be secure in the brig . Booth fling hot coffee in the guard 's face , jerk he belt and smashes the guy 's face into the bar . snag the key and escape from the brig . he pull a few buck out of he pocket and fling they down sonny-style on the prone guard . rnewman / endeavor draft 81. int . armory Booth and von showdown . Booth slaughter von with a american flag through the throat , come out he spine at the back of the neck . benz glory , glory , hallelujah . ext . showdown road warrior vehicle barrel towards the armory . they be drive a semitruck -- it crash through the front gate , then spin as -- the backdoor of the semi trailer roll up revealing a tricked out motorcycle -- as machete ride it out . machete 's army of worker stream out from they road warrior chop shop ride . machete dismount . his army behind he . he raise he machete against the sun and he army all raise theirs . Big battle sequence as they storm the armory . knive and gun ... a ballet of bullet and blood . luz arrive in one of the hot rod from the chop shop . she have a machete gun that shoot out machete blade like a Machine gun . a minuteman grab she from behind , but .. he be stabbed in the calf by pancho ! a metal harness onhis back hold a sharp knife that he stab with . the minuteman fall , pancho stab he in the face . luz lead a gang of she customer into the battle . minuteman and mexicanos of all walk of life -- janitor , gardener , laborer , gangbanger , etc . -- fight it out at the armory . Fighting it out with the implement of they trade -- knife hide in mop , a weedwhacker attack , etc . rnewman / endeavor draft 82. a wail ambulance crash through a gate run down minuteman . doc felix and he sexy nurse get out and help a wounded mexican . Doc flick a scalpel at a approach goon . machete unveil a gatling gun with a special mount that affix to the front of the chopper . Booth scramble to arm himself , but he 's cornere . he try to take cover behind thug , but -- machete on the motorcycle with the gatling gun mow down Booth , machine gun he in half . Booth look down at he own white shirt , now stain crimson and rip to shred as he fall to the ground in two piece . while the battle between chopshopper and militia rage on -- torrez appear with elektra -- torrez machete ! machete stop , turn to see elektra , bound and gag in torrez 's control . torrez ( cont 'd ) you never learn to stay down , pendejo . I kill you once . I can do it again . int . warehouse machete skid into the warehouse . fuel barrel line a far wall . torrez be ready for he . torrez all road lead to Hell , eh , machete ? machete squint . flashes back to the earlier scene . the two image blur into one . torrez ( cont 'd ) most people die in the fire , but you survive , you unlucky bastard . machete I be bear in the fire . it be not luck . rnewman / endeavor draft 83. torrez faith ? yeah , faith get you a good job pick melon . while I buy the world . machete what good be it ... torrez . .. for a man to gain the whole world yet forfeit he soul ? Mark 8:36 . I know it better than you machete . you father teach it to I , too ! torrez attack machete the two fight with sword and machete . elektra roll on the ground , dodging torrez 's rain of blow from the samurai sword . one sweep slice she binding and she scramble to safety . the distraction be enough for machete to gain the upper hand and slash torrez across the front . on the edge of death torrez seem to soften . torrez ( in spanish ) machete , we be friend . we stand for something ... machete impale torrez between the eye . blood shoot out he mouth . machete I be still stand ... puta . machete pull out the blade , torrez fall dead . explosion and black smoke light up the sky behind machete . fade to black . fade in . ext . highway - night machete drive he gun bike south . rnewman / endeavor draft 84 . cop light appear behind he . he pull over . the Officer walk up . his flashlight blind he . machete what 's the problem officer ? the Officer just stand there , silent , he flashlight blind in machete 's eye . machete ( cont 'd ) let I give you my id . machete reach for he knife : then he see the cop shoe ; red stilettos ; it 's elektra . elektra what 's you name ? machete machete . elektra I call in some favor . look at this . all the right papers ; a real identity . you could start over , be a real person . she put the green card in he hand . machete look at it , then crumble it and drop it . machete why do I want to be a real person ... when I be already a myth ? elektra where will you go ? machete torrez be just a errand boy . I be go to find the man who send the message . elektra step into the headlight . she 's dress in hot cop lingerie . elektra I will ride with you . rnewman / endeavor draft 85 . they kiss . CUT to black fade up machete and elektra drive away on the gun bike . the cop car abandon on the side of the road ; light still flash . fade out dissolve to : desert - night . a family of illegal crossing the border in the desert , see a water station up ahead . they make for it , open it up and drink heavily from the water supply . a bullet bring one of they down and the other scramble for safety but there 's someone out there , shoot at they . mother hush the young one . mother say a prayer to El machete to protect you . the young one start to pray . a jeep patrol the area and we see it 's minutemen take potshot at the illegal . militia man do you get `em ? 2 nd minuteman I do not know . they be like brown jackrabbit . let 's see if they ' will show they little white tail . flick on a highpower light by the side mirror on the jeep . the light be on long enough to illuminate a machete blade come straight for they . militia man Holy shit ! his word gurgle in he throat as he head be severe from he body . 2nd minuteman freak and make a run for it . rnewman / endeavor draft 86. stumble in the dark , in the dust . scramble but can not get to he foot as he see the outline of a dark figure above he . Young illegal ' prayer continue as the machete come down on 2nd minuteman . sound of struggle , slaughter ... then silence . machete Light a candle ... say a prayer ... Young illegal open eye ... there 's a glass candle in he hand , but no one else around . instead of Christ or a virgin on the candle be a silhouette of machete ... CUT to black .