" made " by jon favreau final draft int . sportsman' lodge - san fernando valley - day a large crowd have gather to watch two white boxer square off in a temporary ring in the center of a convert banquet hall . one be bobby , the other be ricky . they be draw together to start the bout by a bell and a hand gesture as the referee back away . immediately the two fighter unload a relentless barrage of power punch . neither man be hold back , and the punch all find purchase in the swell face of they opponent . the crowd rise to its foot in appreciation of this rare level of competition in the lower strata of the heavyweight division . CUT to : ext . bobby's car - coldwater canyon - los angele - sunset Bobby drive ricky home through the wind twist of LA 's landmark canyon . both they face be swollen , verge on the grotesque . Bobby drive a black special edition 1979 tran be with the gold firebird stencile across the hood . the car be not in great shape , but in its day rule the road . a Hawaiian mini warrior mask hang from the rear view . the t-top be out , and ricky struggle to light he cigarette in the wind . he finally ignites the whole book of match in frustration , light up , then toss it out . it land , still flame , at the base of a ' no smoke in the Canyon ' sign . they drive down the palm tree line stretch of road border beverly Hills . they turn East on sunset boulevard . the Strip light be first flicker to life . ext . ricky's apartment - yucca corridor - night the open score die away as ricky sit beside Bobby . the neighborhood be awful . the light of the corner liquor store and a menthol cigarette billboard make up for the break street lamp . ricky smooth out he run suit and steal a instinctive cautionary look , scan all the blind spot for predator . the swell have now truly set in . he 's a mess . ricky do Max mention anything about any job ? bobby what about box ? ricky what about it ? bobby what be you say ? ricky you say if you do not have a win record after eleven fight , you would talk to Max . bobby so ? ricky so , it be a draw . bobby yeah , I be 5 - 5 and 1 . ricky so , it 's not a win record . bobby it 's not lose record . ricky that 's not what you say . you say if you do not have a win record -- bobby do not be shitty . ricky how be I be shitty ? bobby do not be shitty . ricky I would not keep bugging you , but you say he say he would have a job for we . bobby I be not gonna bring it up to he . ricky of course I do not want you to bring it up to he ... but if it come up ... bobby I will page you . ricky yeah . page I . you know the number ? bobby yeah . I know the number . ricky Cause if you do not know the number , I can page you with the number so you will have the number . bobby I know the number . ricky I will page you with the number . I will see you later . what time you do ? bobby I get no idea . ricky ask if he say anything to she . bobby I will . ricky I will page you with the number . bobby bye . he drive off . ricky check he pager , still furtively scan the street . ext . jessica's house - blackburn - los angele - night Bobby pull up in front of the quaint Spanish Colonial two - flat . he bound up the stair to the upper unit . int . jessica's house - continuous he let himself in , search for he girlfriend . the apartment be Z- Gallery , with a few accent of Bobby 's hawaiiana . bobby honey ? jess ( o.s. ) where be you ? he find she in the bedroom . jessica be a knockout . too pretty . the pretty that make a woman a full - time job . what 's worse be she 's deck out like a whore . she 's wear slutty lingerie cover by a bland terry cloth bathrobe . her ridiculously long leg be garnish with candy - apple porn star sky high heel . Bobby watch with cultivate patience as she apply tasteless amount of make - up from a Mac case the size of a tackle box . she 's in a hurry . bobby ( swallow utter contempt ) so , what kind of gig be this ? jess easy night . bachelor party . can we give Wendy a ride ? bobby no . what kind of bachelor party ? jess the easy kind . they be young and rich and well mannered . she turn to look at he and react to he horrifying appearance . jess oh my god . what happen ? bobby a draw . what make you think they be well mannered ? jess Bobby , this be a plumb gig . it 's a bunch of young agent and it 's at a restaurant . it 's gonna be easy and we will make a lot of money . bobby I do not like you work with Wendy . why be you work with Wendy ? jess they request she . it be she gig . Max put I on as a favor . bobby some favor . I hope they know you be not like Wendy . jess oh , please . bobby if they ask for she , they be probably expect blowjob all around . jess will you cut it out ! get ready , we be already late . bobby who 's watch the baby ? jess she 's downstairs with Ruth . get ready . bobby I be ready . jess bullshit . this be classy customer . you can not show up all fuck up with a fila run suit on . bobby they be not too classy to have tit rubbed in they face . she rise and swap she robe for a floor length overcoat . God , be she hot . jess stop . I love you . she lean in for a kiss . he let he anger melt . he lean in to kiss she . she give he last minute cheek to save the perfection of she sparkling twenty minute lip . jess let 's go . he follow , slightly slighted . ext . jessica's house - blackburn - los angele as the couple hurry down the stair , the face of a SMALL girl peek out the first floor window . this be chloe , jess ' daughter . her age be somewhere between Paper Moon and Jerry Maguire . she watch without expression as she mom leave for work . ext . havana room - beverly hill - night they valet the car and approach the member only cigar lounge . Bobby open the door for she . int . havana room - lower lobby - night a attractive female hostess see Bobby 's undesirable appearance . hostess May I help ...? she then see jessica and guess she occupation . hostess oh , hi . they have be expect you . take the elevator upstairs . you can change in the card room . int . elevator - havana room - night they stand side by side in silence as the lift rise . jess adjust she bosom . Bobby continue to percolate . his pager go off . he recognize the number . bobby you talk to Max today ? jess I be not gonna mention ricky to he . bobby do not expect you to mention it to he . I be just say , if -- jess the only way he will go with ricky be if you be in too . bobby well , that 's not gonna happen . jess Fine . you want to help ricky , talk to maxie yourself . bobby I feel weird ask he . jess you should not . he like you . bobby I just wish he never bring it up . ricky will not shut up about it . jess forget ricky . you should be glad Max get you drive for I . bobby ( then ) no coke tonight . ( no answer ) right ? jess leave I alone . I have not touch anything in month . the elevator door open , and a room full of horny young agent and executive see jessica and cheer . she smile and drop she coat . the crowd can not believe they luck when they see how hot she be . Bobby 's heart sink . he pick up she coat and walk to the bar as the man wave bill at the love of he life . int . bar - havana room - upstair - continuous Bobby settles into a bar stool , watch the action from a distance . wendy , a slutty Pam Anderson pre-tit-removal wannabe , be already bounce she ass ghetto- style in a young agent 's face . the crowd gravitate to the new meat like a pack of ravenous dingo . a beautiful young bartender with she hair tie back drop a cocktail napkin in front of Bobby . she see he bruise . bartender do you get the license plate of the truck ? bobby ( unamuse and preoccupy ) johnny Red rock . a black man in he late twenty slither up beside he . his name be horrace and he seem to like gold . he put down he empty highball glass . horrace martel 's and coke . one ice cube . in a snifter this time . bartender snifter be for warm drink -- horrace yeah , snifter be for cognac -- bartender when serve warm -- horrace what 's the matter ? you be not get no snifter in this motherfucker ? bartender we have snifter horrace then put my martel 's in a snifter . she walk away to get he he snifter . horrace like I be gonna break she goddamn snifter . Bobby downs he drink as he watch jess give a horny guy in a suit a lap dance . he get a little frisky , grab she ass cheek . Bobby begin to rise . jess circumvent any confrontation by smile and twist away he wrist . she throw Bobby the ' do not worry , I get it ' look . he sit . horrace poke he nugget encrust finger into he sock , count a stack of bill . horrace it 's already be a hell of a night . where you be ? bobby I have a fight up at sportsman 's . horrace well , you look it . you win ? bobby draw . horrace what 's you record at ? bobby 5 - 5 - 1 . horrace yeah , well you let I know when you wanna start makin the real money . bobby yeah , sure . horrace I be serious . humping sheetrock and drive on weekend get to get to you after a while . might be nice to buy you lady something . all it take be one fight . Wendy be now be dry humped by two guy . jessica look over at she , and be concerned . line of protocol be definitely be cross . jess ' horny guy make a bold move , jam he face in she cleavage . in a split second , Bobby have cross the room and have he by a wrist . the guy be surprised by Bobby 's presence and grotesque appearance . horny guy whu -- bobby there 's no touch . horny guy but what about they ? bobby I do not give a shit . I work for she . no touch . she hand Bobby a stack of sweaty bill . he walk away , zipping the roll into he pocket . when he arrive at the bar , a drunk executive be have a quiet conversation with horrace . horrace look around , answer , and the executive pick quite a few hundred out of he wallet . horrace walk he back to Wendy . Bobby grind he tooth and point to he empty glass . the bartender pour and watch the interaction as Wendy walk off with the executive . the party howl as they leave the room for some privacy . bartender ( sarcastic ) that 's not allow . Bobby downs another drink . thing be now heating up for jess as mob mentality take hold . she squirm . we track back with Bobby 's face as he bee line for the feisty horny guy , who hold jess ' hip as he grind she . bobby I say no touch . horny guy look , man , I be the bachelor , alright ? I give she a hundred buck in tip alone -- bobby get you hand off of she . horny guy dude , listen , man . I be cool . how much for the treatment ? bobby you dance be over . horny guy come on , dude . the other chick 's give my best man a blow job in the toilet . I know the drill , I will wear a rubber -- Bobby crack he face apart with a uppercut . another guy rise in protest and be on he ass with a break nose before he can speak . jess God damn it ... Bobby drag he girl by the arm to the men' room . he kick open the door and grab Wendy , who be do coke off a mirror with she john . he drag the woman out . horrace disappear . a partier call to the bartender . partier call the police . she pick up the phone , but do not dial . she hide a smile . Bobby drag the woman down the staircase . int . bobby's car - los angele - night Bobby drive , eye lock on the road . jess be beside he , Wendy 's in the back . wendy what the fuck be that about ? bobby you wanna get we bust ? if Max find out you be turn trick -- wendy I get news for you , Bobby , he do not give a shit . bobby bullshit . wendy you think he do not know ? I give he he cut of seventeen hundred , I think he know I can not make that lap dance . bobby no more . jess Bobby ... wendy fuck you ! no more for you . you will not be jess ' driver for shit when maxie hear this shit happen again . bobby nobody 's fuckin talk to you . wendy and how could you fuck leave horrace hang ? bobby I get news for you , horrace get he ass out of there before you do . wendy bullshit . bobby what ? you do not think horrace would leave you white ass in there to hang ? jess alright . enough already . let 's get some food . I better call maxie and tell he what happen before he hear it on he own . ext . job site - pacific palisade - day establishing shot of the upscale renovation . int . job site - pacific palisade - day Bobby be part of a large crew of plasterer midway through a amalfi drive renovation . he trowel a thin coat of plaster on a kitchen wall . ricky drag he ass as he sweep up dust and diamond wire scrap . the two of they be swollen to hell as they work side by side in the upscale remodel . ricky so I be like , ' maybe I be not on the list cause I be not a fuckin Persian . ' bobby I think you hate that club . ricky I do . it 's a fuckin Persian Palace . bobby then why do you try to get in ? ricky fuck they . bobby ( hear something ) shhh ... the decorator walk in with a young couple and they six year old kid . the decorator be irritate . the husband be a shlubby Jew . his wife be a hot shiksa . the kid look like he might already be gay . the guy work diligently and quietly . decorator and as you can see , we be a little behind in here . we always know the kitchen would be the trouble spot . husband when will it be ready ? be we still shoot for Christmas ? I really want Christmas in the new house . decorator we be try . unfortunately the trade be stack a bit . but look at this italian plaster job . the color skim - coat will go on next . wife it look great . ricky sneak some eye contact to the wife . she almost smile as he peer at she with he battle scar face . the little boy poke he finger into the wet plaster . Bobby throw he a look . the kid just stare back like he own he . decorator do you see the stove yet ? husband the Viking be deliver ? decorator yes , of course . it 's in the garage . they leave . Bobby repair the plaster damage . ricky you see that , bro ? she want to fuck I . ricky 's pager go off . ricky you see that ? my shit 's blow up . he look around and grab the wall phone and dial . bobby come on , man . not with the owner here . ricky ( phone ) hey , baby ... nothing . what be you do ...? yeah , I will probably cut out early ... in walk arthur , the plaster contractor and they boss . arthur watch out , the fag 's here . ( see ricky ) get off the fuck phone . then he want to know why he 's still sweeping floor . Bobby , you get a minute ? Bobby look concerned . something 's wrong . ext . job site - pacific palisade - day Bobby and Arthur stand by a gravel pile outside the huge remodel . Arthur look around and they duck into he suburban . arthur look , Bobby , I do not know what happen , and I do not want to know what happen , but something 's up . bobby what be you talk about ? arthur maxie want I to replace you on the job tomorrow . he want you to come by the office today . bobby they be grab she fuck ass -- arthur hey . I do not know , I do not want to know . Far as I be concerned , you be a good kid . I get news , though , without you here I can not keep on you friend . I get enough people pretend to sweep . bobby do I a favor , Arthur , keep he on till I see what 's happen . arthur good luck . ext . max's office - van nuy - day Bobby park he car in the off street lot of Max 's run-down industrial complex . Bobby walk past the many business that share the structure in tandem . men work in a auto body shop go about they business , but discreetly watch as the unfamiliar man pass . Bobby carry himself with the proper amount of ambivalence . he then pass a load dock , which also have a secretive stench . finally , he arrive at a steel door , above which be mount a video camera , several generation past its prime . a steel sign read simply : ' m and m contract ' . Bobby ring the bell and look up to the surveillance camera . he be buzze in . int . m and m construction office - van nuy - continuous Bobby walk into a anticlimactically mundane office . the decor be sixty industrial gray . there be a wait area next to a flimsy lucite partition / reception window , behind which be a desk . behind the desk be audrey , the sixty - plus receptionist whose hair be recently ' set ' and color by she beautician . Security seem quite lax . bobby hi , uh , excuse I . I be here to see Mr. reuben . audrey you be Bobby , right ? bobby yeah . audrey good afternoon , Bobby . I will let Max know you be here . she fiddle with she phone . Bobby sit at the kidney shape coffee table . he thumb through a copy of redbook . audrey he will be a minute , hon . you want some coffee ? bobby no thank you . audrey you sure ? I just make it . bobby no , thank you . I be good . thanks . he calm he nerve by stare at a recipe for strawberry devonshire . CUT to : int . max's office - van nuy - day Bobby walk in . he do not seem like he 's be there before . the first thing that hit you be all the thoroughbre racing shit all over the place . brass table top statue , picture of jockey with wreath , hand - paint ( ! ) portrait of horse face . the second thing you notice be max reuben . he 's a off- the-rack East Coast Jew . he 's get deep - set eye and abe vigoda brow . he wear a golf shirt with a little penguin on it , and oversize read glass be perch on he bald head . his nose be break in ' 63 . he smile broadly as Bobby enter . Bobby force a relaxed smile . max ( on phone ) will ya calm down . just calm down for a minute , nadeleh . the money will be there . how do I know ? I just know ... yes . yes , that 's exactly what I be say ... you get my word . he hang up he rotary phone and look up to Bobby , who stand look at the painting with he ear close . max you like the pony ? bobby sure . yeah . max you bet the pony ? bobby me? no. not really . max smart . hard as hell to handicap . you know what I like ? Hai alai . fast game . you know why I like it ? bobby why ? max it 's fix . that 's the only way to win . a sure thing . see that horse . the blaze . bobby this one ? max yeah . the blaze . I buy she in ' 66 . hire a trainer , stall , whatever it be . that horse make I over a hundred grand . in ' sixty ' dollar . you know what that be today ? bobby pshhh ... max a million . easy . bobby she be fast , huh ? max never win a race . but it get I in with the trainer . we would have a thing , I do not remember , some fuck thing . the jockey would raise he whip , it mean the fix be in , we would all go run . people get greedy . first they bet small , they keep they mouth shut . within a month 's time , everyone and they brother be in on it . the odd would drop , I mean you could watch the goddamn board . it look like a fuckin stopwatch , the odd would drop so fast . bobby that 's why they call it the smart money . maxie laugh a genuine laugh . max I like you , kid . why do you gotta make it so hard for I to take care of you ? bobby Mr. reuben , I swear to God , they be out of line . max last time , maybe , with the Puerto rican , but this be nice jewish boy . bobby they be out of line -- max they be fuck yeshiva bucha . you do not have to tear up the goddamn place . you knock out a guy tooth . bobby that prick try to get jessica to blow he in the bathroom -- max Bobby , I love jessica like she 's my own daughter . I would kill anyone so much as lay a finger on she or she beautiful daughter , but that fuck pisher you sock in the mouth have the most expensive dentist in beverly Hills and want I should buy he a implant . you silverback horseshit 's gonna cost I eight grand . bobby I will work it off . max not drive jess , you will not . bobby what ? max you be not drive jess no more . two strike , Bobby , and this last one be big . the bachelor 's father go to my schul . bobby so , that 's it . I be out ? max I do not say that . bobby then what be you say ? max Bobby . you be a bull terrier and I get you herding sheep . bobby I do not understand . max it 's my fault . I send you out to watch scum drool all over the love of you life , then I wonder why you seer . it 's my fault . the tooth be on I . but no more . I be ' reassign ' you . bobby I do not want to drive another girl , Max . the only reason I be -- max who the fuck do you think you be talk to ? this be not a fuck democracy . you want out ? bobby no . max do not I put food on you be table ? I sponsor you training , I take care of you girl and she little baby . I even pay that deadbeat friend of yours to push a goddamn broom . bobby I know . max now you wanna shut up and listen and hear what I get to say ? bobby yeah . sorry . max I get a way we make everybody happy . bobby yeah . max we try something out . there 's someone I be in business with name Ruiz . I want you to accompany he on a drop . ( off Bobby 's look ) just as scenery . Ruiz have he boy . I just want a big guinea with a bust up face to give he a deep bench . as a deterrent . bobby Ruiz know about this ? max Ruiz want to go alone , but it 's not up to Ruiz . it 's up to I , and I like a sure thing . just go and we be square on the tooth . bobby what about ricky ? he would jump at the opportunity . max ricky ? ricky ' I lose the truck ' ricky ? bobby you tell he you like he . max that be before he lose my carpet clean van . bobby he will work it off . max I do not know the kid , and what little I do scare I . bobby he 's good people , Mr. reuben . I swear . max you vouch for he ? the exchange have take on a gravity . bobby yeah . sure . max ( lighter ) how ' bout this . if you be in , he 's in . bobby I gotta tell you , Mr. reuben , I be not comfortable get in any deeper . it 's one thing to look after jess ... max you be ready to move up . Christ , the way you bust up the place , you be do worse already . May as well get pay instead of punish . bobby it 's not that I do not appreciate the offer ... max do I a favor . think about it . be that too much too ask ? bobby no. okay . I will think about it . ext . sport field - hollywood high school - day establishing shot of the mural for the hollywood sheik football team . Bobby and ricky walk past the empty stand watch the high school football team practice . ricky drink from a brown paper bag . ricky we need gun . bobby we do not need gun . ricky I think we might . bobby he do not say we need gun . ricky he imply it . bobby you do not imply about something like that . you lay it out on the table . besides , I be not take the job . time CUT . ricky and Bobby watch the field from behind the concrete stairwell . ricky this be the opportunity of a lifetime . what be you ? nut ? you have be wait for this kind of opportunity . bobby no . you have be wait for this kind of opportunity . ricky ( sparking up ) damn right , I have . you think I like live on fuck yucca ? we do a good job on this , we be in . bobby what happen to box ? I think we make a vow . ricky shit . who we kid ? I know I suck , and I hold you up for ten round -- bobby bullshit ... ricky please . I get three inch on you . you would not have land a punch if I do not let you . bobby you wanna go right now ? ricky I will beat you ass -- they slap - box in the empty stair . this attract the attention of the team and the coach , who have walk up to the bottom of the stand . he call out to they . coach ricky ! Bobby ! cut that shit out ! they stop . ricky sorry coach . bobby sorry coach . coach how 's the box go ? bobby great . ricky ( shitty ) he 's 5 - 5 - 1 . coach it take time , Bobby . you always have the heart . ricky what about I coach ? do I have heart ? the coach throw a look and walk back to practice , blow he whistle . bobby we look good this year . ricky we will kill fairfax this year . bobby I still can not believe you miss the fuck team bus . ricky fuck he . bobby you first start at DB , it 's against fairfax , and you miss the fuck bus . ricky what be we deliver ? bobby we be not deliver shit . Ruiz be deliver something , and whatever it be be he business . ricky who be this fuck Ruiz ? bobby maxie say he run a tight ship . I would not fuck with he . ricky some mexican ? how much could he weigh ? a buck fifty , top ? I would kick he fuck ass . bobby ( look at watch ) I gotta pick up the baby . ricky why do you always get stick take care of the kid . bobby I like it . ricky it 's not even yours . bobby I like it . Bobby pull into a rta bus stop in front of ... ext . the little red school house - LA brea - continuous Bobby 's tran be be park in the bus stop in front of the school . ricky be on the phone , oblivious , as a black meter maid give the car a ticket . Bobby walk down the walkway with Chloe , jessica 's daughter , and take the ticket . int . bobby's car - parked on highland - continuous he help Chloe into the back . Chloe be silent and clutches dry macaroni glue to a paper plate and spray-paint silver . bobby ( be : ticket ) Nice work . ricky shhh ... ( on cell phone ) yeah , yeah ... no. no. I will be there . ( hang up ) you gotta get I to the Magic Castle at four . bobby how would you unlock my phone ? ricky I try you ATM pin . I gotta kill a hour . let 's grab a beer . bobby ( to Chloe ) seat belt . chloe ricky 's not wear one . bobby ricky , can you put on a seat belt ? ricky no , man . it wrinkle my shit . let 's grab a fuckin beer -- bobby c'mon , man , not in front of the baby . put on you seat belt before I get another ticket . ricky ( clipping in ) Jesus Christ , fine . alright ? bobby see ? now everyone 's get one on . ( be : macaroni plate ) what do you get there ? chloe a elephant seal . where 's mommy ? bobby she 's , uh , sleep . chloe it 's daytime . bobby mommy work hard so you can have all you pretty clothes . do not you like you pretty clothes ? chloe no . bobby show uncle ricky what you make . ricky let 's grab a beer . CUT to : ext . color I mine - LA brea - day establishing shot of the storefront ceramics workshop . int . color I mine - LA brea - day Bobby paint a ceramic plate as Chloe do the best she can painting a frog in this do - it- yourself craft store . ricky look out of place as he light a marlboro and bitch . ricky why can not we just grab a goddamn beer . bobby I promise Chloe we would come here . ricky oh , give I a break . look at she . she do not even know where the hell she be . she would have more fun at bordner 's . bobby I be not take she to a bar . ricky why not ? I grow up in bar . it 's fun for a kid . a young female salesperson approach ricky . salesperson Excuse I , there 's no smoking in the store . ricky why ? you serve food ? salesperson no. store policy . and you can not sit at a station without purchase a ceramic . ricky could you believe this shit ? Fine . give I a ashtray . she bring he a unpaint ceramic ashtray from a display . salesperson what color paint would you like ? ricky surprise I . he snuff the cigarette out in the ashtray in the palm of she hand . she put it down and leave in a huff . ricky I be tell you , bro , we be on the verge . he 's reach out to we . Chloe stop painting . bobby what 's wrong , baby ? chloe he 's not do it . ricky what ? do she say something ? bobby she want you to paint the ashtray . ricky I be not painting the fu -- , I be not painting the ashtray . and frog be not purple . chloe it 's a poison arrow tree frog . bobby will you paint the damn thing . why do you gotta be such a baby . ricky Fine . here , look . I be painting . he haphazardly paint . Chloe resume she task . bobby Max will not let I drive jess to dance anymore . ricky who 's drive she ? bobby I do not know . ricky this paint suck . the white show through . ext . magic castle motel - franklin - day Bobby pull up . the wife of the amalfi homeowner be precariously wait and smoking . int . bobby's car - magic castle motel - continuous ricky right here 's fine . bobby be that the woman from ..? ricky ( smile ) she really like the kitchen . he pop out , and the woman corral he into a room . Bobby pull away . int . jessica's house - blackburn - los angele - night jessica be half make up and half dress . Little Chloe sit at the kitchen table twirling a spoon around she head . her mom be haphazardly cooking a rush supper . Bobby sit watch tv in he sweat in the adjoin live room . jess here , sweety , mommy 's in a hurry . chloe I do not want grill cheese . jess mommy have to work . chloe I hate cheese . jess here , sweety . do not be a little shit . Bobby approach and take the pan . he kiss jess . bobby go finish get ready . I will take care of dinner . jess yeah ? you sure ? bobby go. she shuffles off . Bobby put up some water and heat a pan , add oil . garlic . chloe you be not my daddy . bobby you gonna bust my horn , or you want spaghetti chloe I want spaghettis . he pour in a can of slice olive in with the caper . bobby you better watch everything I be do . you know why ? because that 's how you learn to cook . I watch my grandma cook every night . that 's how I learn . if you can not cook , then you gotta go out to eat every night , then you spend all you money on food . and when you eat in restaurant , the cook scratch they ass and touch the food . there 's a knock on the door . jess ( o.s. ) could you get that , baby ? he do . it 's horrace . Bobby 's surprised . horrace what 's up ? jess ready ? bobby you drive she ? horrace yeah . bobby she will be out in a minute . horrace try to walk in . Bobby stand in the door . bobby ( firm ) she will be out in a minute . jess hurry in , clipping earring . jess hiya ho. come in . I will just be a minute . he throw Bobby a look as he slide by . horrace some shit smell good in this motherfucker . jess Bobby 's cooking . he 's the best . whip he up something . horrace yeah . whip I up something . I be hungry as a motherfucker . jess hurry out , brush she hair . bobby watch you mouth in front of the baby . Bobby join jess in the back . int . bedroom - jessica's house - continuous Bobby enter , boil over with opinion . bobby no way that cocksucker 's drive you . jess maybe if you do not go rambo every time I do a lapdance , you would still be do it yourself . meantime , I gotta feed my little girl . bobby maxie 's fuck with I . he put you with the spook to get under my skin . jess Ho 's a good guy -- bobby Ho 's a fuck pimp ! he encourage Wendy to turn trick . and she 's he fuck wife ! jess shhh . he will hear you . bobby good ! it will save I the trouble of repeat myself . he 's not fuck drive you ! jess listen to I , Bobby . this be my job . it put a roof over I and my daughter and you for as long as you want to stay . bobby I want you to quit . jess look at the bill . I can not . I be not gonna put my daughter through what I go through . bobby I will support you . jess with what ? bobby Max offer to stake I . jess yeah , well Max offer a lot of thing . and I get news for you . he 's not the sweet old man you think he be . she cross to the door , abruptly end the discussion . Bobby grab she . bobby she need a family . a dad . I will give she what you never have . jess do not get my hope up . if I quit , what then ? I can not go through this again . she leave the bedroom . int . front room - jessica's house - continuous Bobby enter to find horrace eat the pasta and feed Chloe the grill cheese . horrace c'mon girl . eat up . bobby get away from she . horrace ( not back down ) Excuse -- jess ( interrupt the conflict ) c'mon , Ho . we be late . horrace yeah . we get money to make . see you around , Bobby . you make a good puttanesca . mmmmm-mmmm . you should make that shit for a live . they leave . Bobby look at Chloe , who spit out the cheese sandwich . fade out : the dialogue prelaps over a black screen ... max this be the last time I speak to either of you in person about work related matter . all of we interaction in the future will be social . if you have any question about anything work related , you will direct they to Ruiz . he have my full confidence . fade up on ... int . max's office - van nuy - day Max sit behind he desk as he brief Bobby and ricky . Bobby wear sweat . ricky wear a suit . Max speak with a directness suggest gravity . he lay down two manila envelope . the two guy pick they up . max everything you need or need to know be in this envelope . do not -- ricky start to tear he envelope open . max open the envelope until you have leave this office . ricky sheepishly draw a length of scotch tape from Max 's desk set dispenser . mid-pull , he become self - conscious and ask for permission . ricky can I borrow a piece of -- max go ahead . open the fuckin thing . you should each find fifteen hundred -- they tear open the envelope . ricky 's fly apart , send a stack of crisp new Franklin hundred fall from the air like a New England autumn morning . max dollar in c-note , a numeric pager , a double - a battery , and a first class round - trip ticket to JFK . ricky we be go to New York ? max ( with detectable condescension ) yes . you be go to New York . ricky and the money . where do we bring the money ? max that money be you per diem . ricky and where do we bring it ? bobby it 's ours . ricky to keep ? max yes , for expense and such . now , you will be contact on you pager as to where you should go . you each have be give a extra battery , so there be absolutely no excuse as to why a page would not be immediately return . be I make myself abundantly clear ? bobby yeah . ricky yeah . max you will not carry any other pager with you . you will not carry anything , for that matter , that I have not just give you . ricky key . max what ? ricky what about my key ? max you can carry you key . you will not mention my name or imply that you be in my employ . you will not speak to anyone while you be work . when you be not work , you be consider to be ' on call ' and available twenty - four hour a day . this mean you will not get drunk or do anything that will prevent you from operate in a professional manner . there be already a number in you pager 's memory . it be a car service . when they ask you what account , you will respond : ' cardiff giant . ' they will pick you up and take you anywhere you need to go . in other word , there be no reason why you should not reach any destination that you will be call upon to reach within fifteen minute . do you see a pattern form ? ricky yes . bobby yes . max what be it ? bobby you want -- max not you . I want ricky to answer . ricky I get it . max tell I . ricky do not worry . I get it . max so tell I how it be . ricky you want ... why be you pick on I ? max because you lose my fuck carpet clean van and I do not like you . bobby I already tell you , I park it for five minute and I lock it with the club -- bobby ( interrupt ) you want we to be wherever you want we to be , asap , no question ask . max yes. Goodbye . ricky so , wait , what be we drop off ? max Goodbye . int . lax - day one of that cool over cranke tracking shot of the two guy walk purposefully that mean we be really get down to business now . a cool song be play . ricky and Bobby each hold a manila envelope . int . security check - lax - day Bobby lay he envelope on the x- ray conveyor belt . he walk through the metal detector . he pass the check . ricky do the same . the alarm go off . Bobby look concerned . ricky pull a ring of keys and drop it in the tray with a look to Bobby . Bobby look relieved . ricky be dress to the nine : Dark blazer over a dark sweater . Bobby , more casual , wear dark slack , a dark shirt and a gold horn around he neck . int . first CLASS cabin - UNITED airline 777 - day they check they board stub and sit in the plush first class seat in the almost empty cabin . ricky Holy shit . can you believe this ? bobby pretty nice . ricky see , man . maxie fuckin take care of you when you be in . beat clean carpet . bobby what 's the movie ? ricky I will get the girl . bobby Nah , do not bother -- ricky ring the service chime . a attractive young flight attendant arrive . she have a tray of champagne and orange juice . flight attendant ( turn off the service light ) Champagne or orange juice ? ricky take a champagne . she smile and walk away . he stop mid-gulp and ring the bell again . she turn with a smile . flight attendant ( turn off the service light ) yes ? ricky yeah , uh , what 's the movie ? flight attendant it 's in you copy of hemisphere . I believe it 's mickey Blue eye . ricky ugh ... flight attendant I will get you the list of video , if you do not mind , I will offer the other passenger a beverage . ricky yeah , sure . how much be they ? flight attendant how much be what ? ricky the video . flight attendant you be up front . everything 's free up here . she smile . he smile . she walk away . he ring the bell again . she return with a strain smile . flight attendant ( turn off the service light ) yes ? ricky drink be free , right ? flight attendant yes. ( wait ) would you care for another one ? ricky yes . he take another champagne and she cross to leave . he call after she . ricky I will have a cutty on the rock . she smile and walk away . ricky you hear that ? you can drink as much as you want up here . bobby we be not suppose to get drunk . we be on call . ricky unless we be suppose to whack out the fuckin ' pilot , I do not think we be gonna have to work in the next five hour . bobby I do not want to show up hammer . we be suppose to be represent Max . ricky oh , I will represent alright . he ring the bell . bobby cut that shit out . she return . flight attendant yes . ricky where do you live ? flight attendant ( strain politeness ) Excuse I . ricky where do you live ? flight attendant I operate out of the Chicago o'hare hub . can I help you with anything else ? ricky yeah . I and my boy here be gonna be in New York overnight . I want you to pass the word around to the honey back in business class that you all get plan for tonight . I be talkin ' a California style , tupac , gangster pool party back at the hotel . and make that drink a double . she stare at he for a beat . flight attendant listen , asshole , I do not care if you be the sultan of brunei , no man talk to I like that . now you can either learn some manners or I can make a formal complaint to the airport authority and we can sort this out while you be wait stand - by for the next flight to Kennedy . she walk away . he turn off the bell light . int . JFK INTERNATIONAL airport - new york - day the passengers file off the plane and out of the gate . Bobby walk out purposefully . ricky stagger slightly . he get he money 's worth . Bobby check he pager and ricky scan the crowd through he buzz . bobby shit . no new page . I do not even know where the fuck we be suppose to go . ricky maybe we should call for a cab . bobby no. look . there . a hulk italian driver hold up a sign read ' cardiff giant .' bobby ' cardiff giant . ' that 's we . ricky you sure ? bobby yeah . he say that 's we account with the car service . they approach the driver . bobby hi. I , uh , think that 's we . jimmy hi. I be Jimmy . bobby Bobby . ricky ricky . jimmy soho Grand , right ? bobby what 's that ? jimmy you be go to the soho Grand hotel , right ? bobby I be not sure . all I know be the account be cardiff giant . jimmy ( smile ) yeah . you be stay at the soho Grand . you get anything check ? bobby Nah . jimmy travel light . I like that . ricky be it nice ? jimmy the soho Grand ? ricky yeah . jimmy you be from LA , right ? ricky yeah . jimmy you will love it . ext . livery stand - JFK INTERNATIONAL airport - day - continuous Jimmy walk they out and up to a black stretch limo . he open the door . ricky 's eye light up . ricky Holy shit . the flight attendant who tell ricky off roll she overnight bag past they . ricky can not help himself . he call after she ... ricky you miss out , lady ! we be stay at the soho Grand ! I would give you a ride in my limo , but I gotta stretch my shit out . she ignore he . int . limousine - queen - day they ride in the back . ricky fuck with the button . ricky so whenever we want ... jimmy yeah . grab one of the card behind you . call that number . it 's my cell . ricky so you be we own private guy ? jimmy I handle most of cardiff giant 's stuff . ricky you know my pager number ? jimmy no . what be it ? ricky I do not know . I think you might . any idea what the job be ? jimmy the ' job ? ' all I know be I be take you to the soho Grand . bobby where be the soho Grand ? jimmy soho . ext . limousine - queen - montage - day the limo drive past a vista of the luminescent skyline . the light twinkle through the highway emission . the soundtrack take a decidedly carnivorous , urban turn . ext . new york CITY - street montage ( cont . ) - day into dusk the limo drive through the street of the city . steam come out of a manhole cover ( if we can afford it ) . ext . soho grand HOTEL - soho - golden hour - dusk establishing shot of the trendy architectural hotel . the limo pull up . int . soho grand HOTEL - soho - night Nice lobby . int . bobby's suite - soho grand HOTEL - same a young black bellman walk Bobby into he suite . they be follow by ricky . the room be beautiful . blonde wood panele be offset by black and white photo of New York 's past . modern furniture and a mirrore wet bar give the suite a luxurious feel . bellman ... and here be the key to the mini - bar . room and tax have be pick up by cardiff giant , as well as one fifty in incidentals . ricky what 's ' incidentals ? ' bellman phone , room service , mini-bar . any additional expense . if you need anything you can push the button mark ' concierge ' , and they will be able to help you . bobby thanks . he hand the bellman a tip . he then pull out a card key and beckon ricky . Bobby dial phone . bellman now , Mr. slade , you be in room 315 . ricky just give I the key . I be gonna stay here . bellman yes , sir . ricky be it a good room ? bellman I can take you down there . ricky just tell I . wait , here ... do you have change of a hundred ? bellman not on I , sir . ricky here . take it . bring I back eighty . bellman be you sure ? ricky yeah . take it . bellman thank you very much , sir . ricky so ? bellman what , sir ? ricky be it the good room ? bellman all the suite be about the same . ricky come on . just tell I . it will save all the trouble of you show I all the room . bellman honestly , the suite be all about the same . ricky what if I give you forty ? bellman it 's as good a suite as we have , unless you want two bedroom . ricky no . that 's cool . bring I back eighty . bellman thank you , sir . ricky where 's the place to go tonight ? bellman as far as ...? ricky nightlife . where 's the hot ass ? bellman woman ? ricky yeah ' woman . ' if I be a fag I could get laid in a subway . bellman I do not know , Forum 's pretty hot tonight . it might be hard to get in , though . ricky do not worry about I get in . just tell I where it be . bellman it 's on West Broadway . ricky see you later . bobby yeah , take care . bellman thanks again . I will bring up you change . the bellman leave . bobby hi girl , it 's Bobby . I be here safe and sound . I be just call to say I love you . I would leave my number , but you know you can not call I here , so I will try you later . uncle ricky want to say hi ... ( he will not ) he say hi . be home soon . Love you . bye bye. ( hang up ) why do not you want to say hi ? she like you . ricky dial the phone . bobby who you call ? ricky shhh ... hello , room service ? bobby c'mon , man ... ricky yeah , bring up two burger and a couple of heineken . I be in room ... how would you know ? oh. yeah . how long ? cool . bobby how much be it ? ricky how much ? okay . make it fifteen minute and you can add on a ten dollar tip . bye . bobby how much be it ? ricky forty-six . bobby Jesus , man . plus ten ? ricky yeah , I guess . bobby great . on my fuck room . ricky relax . you get one - fifty . you hear the guy . bobby ricky , who know how long we be gonna have to be here . we gotta make it last . ricky Fine . I will put it on my room . okay ? bobby do not worry about it . just be smart . ricky but let I tell you , man , I do not like you attitude already . bobby oh really . why 's that ? ricky we just get move up in the world . you gotta let go of that blue collar mentality that be drumm into you head . you gotta start own it man , or they will smell you a mile away like a cheap suit . bobby who 's gonna smell I a mile away ? ricky do not play dumb . you know what I be talk about . he pick up the phone and pull out Jimmy 's card . Bobby hang up . bobby what be you do ? ricky what be you do ? bobby I know you be not call Jimmy . ricky as a matter of fact I be . you get a problem with that ? bobby we be here represent Max . you be act like a Puerto rican on the fifteenth of the month . ricky you think maxie do not want we to roll hard ? why do you think he give we all this bread ? or the number on the pager ? we gotta represent he by show some class . the man 's get a operation . how do it reflect on he if we nickel and dime it ? he dial . Bobby hang up . bobby it 's on West Broadway . we can walk . ricky well , I do not want to walk . ricky start to dial . Bobby take the card and rip it up . ricky motherfucker ! ricky dive on Bobby , and a huge ugly brawl begin . CUT to : ext . forum - soho - manhattan - night ricky and Bobby stand side by side at the front of the line as ricky try to talk he way past the velvet rope . they look horrible . all they cut have reopen , they face be swollen , and they only set of clothes be now dishevel and tear . ricky talk a steady stream of bullshit , but the doorman will have none of it . ricky ... how ' bout Jimmy ? you know Jimmy the driver ? cardiff giant ? you ever deal with they ? cardiff giant ? CUT to : int . the cupping room - soho - night ricky and Bobby be pour tea by a frilly server . a long beat of silence . ricky horseshit . ' try the China Club . ' fuck you , asshole . I think it be a fag bar . do not it look like a fag bar . beebeebeebeep ... they look at each other . both of they pager be go off simultaneously ... match CUT to : ext . STREET payphone - across the STREET - night - continuous they run up to a phone stand . a hispanic kid be on it . they wait and listen as he talk baby - talk with he woman . bobby hello ? shit ... taptaptap ... no dial tone . he lift the receiver higher . the wire have be ripped out of the base . they look at the next phone . a hispanic kid be on it . they wait and listen as he talk baby - talk with he woman . hispanic kid yeah ... mmmm , that sound good ... uhu ... bobby Excuse I , we need to make a call . hispanic kid I be on the phone . bobby it 's important . hispanic kid so 's this . ( in phone ) hey baby ... oh , nothing . what be you say ? bobby listen , man , we really gotta ... hispanic kid I be off in a minute . ( phone ) say again ...? ricky grab the receiver and beat he across the head with it . the poor kid fall out of frame , and ricky yell into the phone ... ricky he will call back ! he hang up and they both fumble with they pager and pocket . Bobby put in a quarter ... bobby shit . it 's thirty - five cent . you get a dime ? ricky fuck ... he look down to the kid out of frame . ricky you get a dime , bro ? int . limousine - manhattan - night the two bang - up angeleno clean themselves up in the fold - down vanity mirror . Jimmy be they driver . bobby so , Jimmy , you know where this address be ? jimmy yeah . I will find it . it 's in harlem . bobby harlem ? what be it , a restaurant ? jimmy you do not know where you be go ? bobby no . just the cross street . jimmy well , this be the corner . the limo settles on a desolate street in harlem . there be nothing go on . jimmy I can wait around if you want . bobby no . that 's cool , man . they get out and the limo leave . ext . STREET corner - harlem - night - continuous they stand outside . they look awful . they look with curiosity as car pass . ricky light a cigarette . ricky what exactly do they say ? bobby they say a hundred thirty - fifth and twelfth . ricky they do not say a address ? bobby I tell you what they say . ricky nothing else . bobby nothing . ricky how would they know who you be ? bobby they ask who it be . ricky so they say more than the address . bobby no . they ask who I be , then tell I what corner . ricky this be bullshit , man . bobby what the fuck do you ... a brougham slowly pass . they pause . it go . bobby what the fuck do you have to complain about ? ricky do not even start . bobby no. tell I . what 's so fuck horrible about this gig ? you have be crawl up my ass for six month to get you name on maxie 's list , and here we be . ricky look , man , I never meet Ruiz , okay ? I do not know what the fuck I be pick up , what the fuck I be drop off , who the fuck I be meeting . all I know be maxie 's still piss at I cause I sell he fuck van . bobby you sell it ? I think they steal it . ricky sold it , steal it , whatever ... bobby motherfucker ... ricky oh , give I a break . do not tell I you feel bad for the guy . bobby you gotta be kid I . I vouch for you . ricky relax . I will do right by he . you know that . bobby you just do not fuck get it , do you ? ricky you know he fuck all he girl , do not you ? bobby what the fuck be that suppose -- ricky I mean , that 's what I hear -- bobby you get something to say -- Bobby grab he , and be about to start another scrap , when the distant roar of a fleet of japanese super bike draw near . the pack scream up to the duo . there be a dozen black man , on ninjas , and they all wear black nazi-style helmet . the two man freeze , and the bike settle in around they . one biker pull up to Bobby . biker they fly you all the way out here to cook I up some fuckin puttanesca ? Bobby recognize the biker be horrace , from LA . he be relieved , but not pleased . ricky you know this guy ? bobby his name horrace . horrace , this be ricky slade . horrace what 's up . you all ready to meet Ruiz ? bobby yeah . where be he ? horrace throw he a helmet . CUT to : ext . harlem street - manhattan - night Bobby now ride bitch behind Ho , and ricky clutches the back of a buff shirtless brother . the bike rip down the uptown street with a ferocity that scare pedestrian . a urban drum track rattles the soundtrack . ext . little italy - manhattan - night the horde of biker rumble under a red , white , and green banner strung from street lamp mark the start of italian turf . the business be all close or close . look be draw from local as the outsider chug by at a respectful trawl . ext . luna restaurant - little italy - night the pack pull away leave only Bobby , ricky , and horrace . Ho lean he ninja to rest next to a custom buell harley - davidson cafe racer . Bobby can not help but stare at the rare piece of machinery . they enter . int . luna restaurant - little italy - continuous the restaurant be now close , but ruiz sit in a rear booth on a nokia . he be a slim , young black man with a tight round for . he wear a rolex , but , other than that , nothing flashy . he 's wear dark gucci slack , a black pullover crew - neck shirt , and a black , red and orange racing leather jacket . he must have pull here , because ' between the sheet ' be play over the stereo of this bare - bone , italian eatery . ruiz ( on cell ) Nah , man . Nah . too risky . I do not like it ... I want out ... it 's too risky ... listen , man , we make a lot of money together on this one , but it 's over . shit 's gonna come down ... well , then , you get my bless . I be sell my end . this internet shit 's too volatile . I will keep my block of Microsoft , but I be take profit on Yahoo and all the portal stock . the bubble 's gonna pop , man ... alright , peace . the three man approach Ruiz 's table . ruiz that 's it ? this be maxie 's cavalry ? who the fuck swole you up like that ? Bobby and ricky both point to each other . ruiz shit . if that shit do not beat all . maxie send I two fuckin break ass swole up guinea from the West side . I coulda sign up some hard local guinea for beer money . ai not that right , Leo ? leo , the white - haire italian waiter nod in agreement . leo sure . you boy want anything ? ruiz yeah , bring we four fernet . leo four fernet . ricky no. I will take a strega . ruiz what , motherfucker ? you drink ' the witch ' after dinner ? ricky yeah . that fernet taste like tar . my grandfather try to give I that . ruiz some fuckin guinea he send I . it 's midnight and the motherfucker 's order a apertif . ricky it 's a digestif . leo strega 's a apertif . ricky Fine . bring I a cynar . ruiz nigger , please . do not even order that artichoke shit . West side guinea . forget the drink , Leo . we gotta roll . what do I owe you ? leo we be square . ruiz thanks , man . you need anything , you call . leo thanks . ruiz you ride ? horrace yeah . ruiz ( hit speed dial ) Jimmy ? Ruiz . pick up maxie 's guinea at luna and bring they to spa. ( hang up ) Jimmy 's bring the car around . I and Ho ride sleds . we will meet you at spa in the VIP room . ricky where 's spa. horrace Jimmy know . 13th Street . we will meet you there . they leave . ricky and Bobby sit and wait . ricky address Leo after they kick they bike . ricky how do you like that fuck moulinyan ? leo maybe you two should wait out front . int . limousine - manhattan - night ricky and Bobby sit in the back as Jimmy drive they . ricky this shit 's sketchy . why do they drop we in the middle of nowhere to have the guy we be suppose to meet come meet we just to tell we we have to meet the same guy somewhere else ? bobby I do not know . ricky well , I think you understand and I be just miss it . bobby miss what ? he do not say shit . ricky yeah , but you know horrace . what do you get off he ? bobby what do I 'get ? ' ricky yeah . what vibe ? bobby I detect no vibe other than that Ruiz think you be a fuck idiot . ricky yo , fuck he , man . Calling we guinea ... bobby what do you give a shit what he call we ? he 's not we friend . let 's just get this shit over with and go home . what 's this place we be go to , Jimmy ? jimmy spa ? bobby yeah . jimmy depend what night . ricky a lot of Persians ? jimmy not usually . mostly trustafarian . bobby ' trustafarian ? ' jimmy you know , white kid with trust fund act like they be poor . keeping it real . know what I mean ? ricky I call them wigger . jimmy different . bobby this Ruiz guy , what 's he deal ? jimmy do not know much . I hear he run a tight ship . bobby yeah ? jimmy understand I ? bobby yeah . ricky ( quiet ) so be this the drop ? bobby like I say , I do not know . ricky he woulda tell we right ? bobby you would think . ext . spa - 13 th STREET - night a horrifying line have form as New York 's best and beautiful primp and peck they way to the door . the rope be three - deep and three doormen coordinate the traffic pattern . the limo settles in and a homeless man open the door in hope of a tip . Jimmy step in he way as Bobby and ricky , in tatter clothes , move toward a big white doorman in a oversize hat . they fight they way past the other people who be fight they way past the line . ricky ( respond to irritate look ) watch out , man . sorry . I be on the list , man . ( to the doorman ) hey , bro . doorman the line 's over there . ricky yeah , but , we be good . you know what I mean ? doorman how be it you be good ? you on a list ? ricky yeah . ricky slade . doorman ( to doorman with clipboard ) you see a ricky slade ? the doorman with a clipboard check and shake he head . ricky cardiff giant ? doorman what ? ricky cardiff giant . just check . doorman maybe you wanna try the China Club . ricky again with the fuck China Club ! what do I look like a fuck Persian to you ? doorman ( firm ) hey . I be half lebanese . bobby we be with Ruiz . doorman Ruiz be not here . bobby we be suppose to meet he here . be Ruiz on the list ? doorman Ruiz be always on the list . he just be not here , though . bobby can you check ? doorman he 's not here . while they be wait , the actor who play screech on ' save by the Bell ' , now in he twenty , walk by and be let through the rope with a handshake . doorman what 's up , man . screech s'up . doorman you look big , man . diesel . you be lift ? screech a little . doorman you look good , man . screech cool . see you later . doorman cool . ricky can not believe he eye . ricky do you see that shit ? motherfucker . ( to doorman ) you let in fuck screech , dude ? I be wait and you let in screech ? doorman he 's on the list . ricky ( hot ) show I . show I where it say screech on the fuck list . this altercation be cut short by the arrival of Ruiz and horrace . the Red Sea part as they approach the door . doorman what 's up , bro ? you look big , man , you be lift ? ruiz a little . how 's it go tonight ? doorman shit 's off the chain . this two say they be with you . ruiz yeah . doorman alright . this two be good . he open the rope . Bobby shake he hand . doorman sorry , man , but ... bobby thanks a lot . do not worry about it . doorman any time , bro . bobby thanks . ricky walk by and throw he a look like he just stick it in . int . spa - 13 th STREET - continuous Bobby and ricky be lead into the club and past a window and another set of rope . they hand be stamp several time represent the high level of security clearance . they file down a staircase and into one common area where hip - hop play and people dance . Ruiz and horrace touch hand with a endless stream of acquaintance . they pass a myriad of room and seating area , then down a narrow corridor where they encounter yet another doorman who wave they past a clump of VIP hopeful . they trot down a short bank of stair and into ... int . VIP area - spa - continuous ...a series of passageway furnish like a french parlor . lithe model sit amongst dreadlocked white boy . after yet another bar , the crowd vomit into a cavernous bomb shelter . a pulsing dance floor be surround by a series of couch and coffee table , represent the private seating area . at the far end of the room be a elevate stage with a dj and a banner read ' grandmaster flash ' . the party be greet by a male club promoter . he hug Ruiz . with the slight of nod , the party be lead to the prime table with a table tent mark ' reserve . ' they sit down as a beautiful model / waitress bring two bucket of champagne and flute glass . Bobby and ricky try to hide how impressed they be as they look at each other . girl on the dance floor throw priceless look toward they table . ricky raise a glass to one . Ruiz finally look at they and lean in . he 's spot someone . ruiz that 's he . now you all know the drill , right ? bobby what drill ? ricky we do not know any drill . nobody tell we anything . ruiz maxie tell you to keep you mouth shut while you be work , right ? bobby yeah . ricky so we be work ? ruiz what the fuck you think , I wanna ' hang ' with you motherfucker ? yeah you be work . and put down the champagne . ricky she pour it for -- ruiz Far as she know you be John gotti . now put the shit down and act like you get some ass . Ruiz get up and cross to a british look guy across the room . they watch . bobby he make the drop ? horrace Nah , man . he 's just make contact . that 's we man . the welsh guy . bobby what 's he name ? horrace Ruiz do not like use name on cell phone . he refer to he as the Red Dragon . bobby so , when 's the drop . horrace to be honest , man , I do not know shit either . all I know be it be not drug and it be not now . ricky how do you know it 's not drug ? horrace maxie know I do not go near drug . I do a minute in quentin for possession with intent . and it be not now cause he woulda tell I . ricky you strapped ? horrace ( confuse ) ' strapped ? ' ricky it mean you get a gun ? horrace I know what ' strapped ' mean , motherfucker . what the fuck you think this shit be ? ' 21 jump Street ? ' ( notice ) cool out , they be come back . just throw up you screw face and do not speak unless speak to . they settle in and Ruiz come back with the welshman . they be both laugh . ruiz here , man , sit down . welshman ( break the tension ) I see you bring along the rogue gallery . ruiz not really . just some friend from out West . this be Ho , Bobby , and Rick . he shake they hand , keep it light . welshman and here I think you fly in some out of town muscle . how 's it go , man ? ricky so , you must be the Red Dragon . this draw glare from Ruiz , Ho , and especially Bobby . after a uncomfortable pause , the welshman break the tension with laughter . welshman well , that 's news to I . the name 's Tom . ricky mmmm-hmm . where 's the , uh , ' Dragon 's lair ? ' where do you live ? welshman Edinburgh . ricky and where might that be ? welshman Scotland . ricky well , word on the street be you be welsh . welshman I be . ricky a rise by any other name would -- ruiz ( change the subject ) come here , there 's someone I want you to meet . you like big tiddy ? welshman well , who do not ? they walk off . Ruiz sneak a glare . CUT to : int . limousine - in front of spa - 13 th STREET - night ricky and Bobby be be lecture by Ruiz , who sit across from they next to horrace . ruiz what the fuck be you tell ? do not talk , right ? ricky unless speak to , be not that right , horrace . do not you say that ? horrace do not drag my ass into this -- ricky he speak to I . you want I to dis he ? ruiz ' dis ? ' ' dis ? ' you be not in a position to ' dis ' , or ' give prop ' , or whatever you Real World sense of fuck decorum tell you to do . you be nothing . you be wallpaper . you be not here to make fuck friend . ask a motherfucker where he life . and who the fuck tell you ' Red Dragon ' ?. bobby we get it . we be sorry . ruiz now that limey motherfucker 's jumpy and want to change shit around on I . maxie 's gonna shit a nokia when he hear about ... aw , shit , I better call he before he hear . Ruiz pull out he cell phone and step out , slamm the door . horrace I be not say shit to neither of you . ricky why ? what I say bad ? horrace what the fuck , ' Red Dragon ? ' ricky what ? why be I bad ? bobby how bad be it ? horrace it 's bad . before you even show up , he say you be maxie 's ' token goons ' , and not to be trust . he want to tcb alone . I be gonna ride shotgun to keep the English dude above board . now he 's spook . this shit 's snowball . bobby when 's it go down ? horrace be gonna be tomorrow morning . now , who know ? bobby shit . outside , Ruiz start he bike . horrace slide out . horrace see you later . ricky you really in trouble ? horrace stop . ricky I will tell he someone else tell I . horrace just do not ask I no more shit . horrace close the door and start he bike . they ride off . bobby you happy ? ricky about what ? bobby why you gotta make everything difficult ? ricky you too ? bobby yeah , I too . you be a fuck bull in a china shop . ricky fuck this . he open the door . bobby where do you think you be go ? ricky back in . bobby you fuck nut ? ricky work 's over . I be gonna party . bobby you can not go in there . they know you be with Ruiz . ricky you get that right . bobby fuck you . go then . I be take the car . ricky Fine . ricky walk past the line with a handshake . Bobby sit , stare forward . jimmy where to ? CUT to : int . VIP area - spa - night ricky sit in they booth surround by young hot gold digger . two women be already part of the fun : bianca and cynthia , who we will get to later . they be dress Manhattan fabulous . Bobby approach , a wet blanket on two leg . ricky look who 's back ? want some champagne ? bobby ( to waitress ) do not put this on Ruiz 's tab . start a new one . ricky damn right . bring we two bottle of dom champ and here , take fifty in case I call you bitch later when I be drunk . ( she go ) siddown , motherfucker . ( he pour he a glass and toast ) ' sex and paycheck . ' they all clink . ext . downtown new york - montage - night Shots at the bar . with chick . ricky so , wait , you be from where ? bianca Manhattan . ricky you girl be not from Brooklyn or anything ? bianca no. cynthia I swear to God , we live in Manhattan . ext . downtown new york - night stagger through the street of downtown with a string of women in tow , include bianca and Cynthia . laugh and cigarettes . a bottle snuck out of a bar . int . new york bar - night another bar . a magnum of champagne empty and jamme nose - down into a ice bucket . ricky I do not get it . what do you do ? bianca we be in fashion . ricky so you be model ? cynthia we rep line ? you know ? fashion ? ricky and you grow up in Manhattan ? cynthia kinda . yeah . ricky what do you mean ' kinda ? ' bianca you ever hear of whitestone ? ext . STREET - near soho grand - night a new bevy of lady , but still bianca and Cynthia . drunk . drink more . vampire watch the sun rise . they skulk into ... ext . soho grand HOTEL - soho - dawn ricky and Bobby be hammer and lead bianca , Cynthia and a exotic girl into they hotel . int . ricky's suite - soho grand HOTEL - dawn close on a fishbowl as the group of partier be see through the glass play grabass . int . ricky's suite - soho grand HOTEL - soho - dawn the place be a mess . room service be all over the place . bianca , Cynthia , the asian coat check girl , and Bobby sit in the squalid live area as ricky enter from the toilet zipping he fly . ricky I do not know about you guy , but I be start to feel a really sexual vibe here . bianca what happen ? I think we be play Truth or dare . ricky look at , lady . I could sit here and take turn throw skittles at you ass all night . but I feel what you guy be put out there . I be only a mirror reflect what I be get from you . and I be say yes to it . I be shaking hand with it . I see the road that you be point down and I be say I will ride shotgun . and when you foot slam on the accelerator , I will not get scared . I will stand up and let the wind blow through my long blonde hair . with my summer dress cling to my bosom yell ' faster , billy ! faster ! drive faster ! faster yet -- !' ricky be CUT off by bianca 's cell phone blow up . she answer . bianca hello ... she do not want to talk to you ... no ... I do not have to ask she . let it go , Sean . Cynthia grab the phone . cynthia will you leave I alone , already ...? no , Sean , it 's over ... I do not care ... as a matter of fact , I be ... yeah . in he hotel room ... bianca ( can not believe she say it ) Holy shit . cynthia I be have fun , Sean . can you handle that ...? yeah . he do not judge I . ricky I do not wear a white wig , I do not carry a gavel . cynthia that 's a good idea , maybe I will ! bianca be you alright . she hang up . ricky now you girl wait here . I get a special surprise . the girl be all wait with Bobby as ricky leave the room . Bobby do not make any attempt to keep the ball roll . Cynthia whisper too loud and drunk . cynthia be he cute ? bianca he 's okay . cynthia should I fuck he ? bianca I do not know . do whatever you want . cynthia he 's great , right . be he great ? bianca he 's alright . cynthia ( disappointed ) I know . bianca ( cheerleader ) but maybe that 's okay . maybe that 's just what you need . bobby can you excuse I for a minute ? Bobby leave the room . he find ricky in a hotel robe fill the bathtub . bobby what the fuck 's go on ? ricky dude , get back out there . you gotta help I get they in the hot tub . ( shout ) hang on girl ! just get out there . I will be right out . you know how I do . bobby yeah , I know how you do . I know how you do . I have hear you kibble and bit all fuck night . you have be shaking you ass like a unemployed clown . how the room 's a boil pot of sugar water . how you be gonna dip a string into it and make rockcandy . who want to play ' just the tip ? ' Dancing around like a smack ass . oh , and that coat check girl you have be drag around as ' insurance ' do not even speak English . ( leave ) ricky check the water and come out talk . ricky okay . we get a lot happen here . here come the good part ... okay ... bianca ( be : robe ) somebody 's get comfortable . cynthia where 's the surprise ? ricky you want you surprise ? cynthia yeah . I want it . ricky well , come on then . it 's back here . Cynthia leave with ricky . Bobby be leave with bianca and the asian coat check girl . bianca and he be uncomfortable . after a long pause ... bianca you mind if I roll a joint ? ricky sit in the bathtub with a glass of champagne . ricky you want to come splash around . cynthia I be just warning you , I can not swim . then ... bianca spark up . she offer to Bobby , who refuse . bianca I be not like she , you know . I mean , I be not judge , but I be more about my dog . do you have dog ? be you a dog guy ? CUT to : Cynthia let she towel drop . she dip she toe into the water . out of nowhere she begin to wail . back in the main room Bobby , bianca , and the asian girl react to the off-screen cry . Cynthia come rush out in a bathrobe , burst with tear . ricky follow in a towel . cynthia I want to leave right now . ricky I do not do anything -- bobby what the hell do you do ? ricky I swear to God , I do not do anything . bianca oh no . what be it this time . cynthia we use to take bath together . bianca come on . let 's go . Cynthia call she boyfriend on the cell phone . cynthia Sean ? I want you to pick I up ... I know . I be sorry too . they leave . bobby what the fuck be that about ? ricky she be jonese for I . they notice the asian girl still sit there in the room . Bobby hand she cab fare and escort she out . bobby here you go , darling . get home safe . beebeep ... beebeep ... both they pager go off . bobby fuck . he reach for the phone . dial . bobby hi. ( mouthes to ricky ) it 's Ruiz . ( phone ) yeah . so the driver know where to go ? when ? we will be down in five . no , I will tell he . he 's right there . bye . ricky what 's up ? bobby he want to see we now . ricky where ? bobby he say it 's be arrange . he say Jimmy will know . ricky we be get whacked . bobby we be not get whacked . ricky why else you think he will not tell we where the sit down be ? bobby it 's not a ' sit down . ' he say he 's tell we the plan . ricky be wave around a steak knife from a room service tray , testing the weight and balance . bobby what be you do . ricky I get a bad feel , man . I do not want to go in naked . bobby you gonna shank he in the shower ? ricky be it so unrealistic to think Ruiz , who do not even want we here , be throw we to the wolf ? as a apology ? and I do not even know what we be drop off or pick up -- bobby we be get ahead of ourselves . we have not get any sleep . let 's just keep we mouthes shut and not make any mistake . now hurry up and get you shit on so we be not late and make thing worse . CUT to : int . limousine - manhattan - morning ricky and Bobby look awful . they have bag under they swollen eye , gorge stomach , bruise face , tatter clothes , and yolk on they chin . ricky light a smoke . bobby put that shit out ... ricky c'mon , man ... bobby I swear to God , I will fuck puke . ricky ( obliging ) hey , Jimmy , where they take we ? bobby yeah . where they gonna whack we ? ricky look at he without a ounce of humor . Jimmy laugh . jimmy if they be whack you , they be do it in style . the limo pull up to ... ext . tavern on the GREEN - central park - morning - continuous Jimmy let they out . int . tavern on the GREEN - central park - moment later the maitre D ' lead they past a orgy of a buffet . everything look sicken to we bloat drunk . the head of a whitefish in particular make a impression on the boy . they be lead to a table join Ruiz and horrace , who be both dress appropriately for a society brunch . ruiz Jesus Christ , where the fuck you be all night ? you look like you get shit out in the gorilla house . bobby good morning . horrace ( laugh ) good morning . ruiz you think this shit 's funny , Ho ? horrace Nah , man ... ruiz you think it 's funny , motherfucker ? bobby easy , Ruiz . a waiter show up . ruiz do not ' easy Ruiz ' I . y'all turn a Easter egg hunt into a butt- fuck - a - thon. ( to waiter ) bring I four egg benedict and a mimosa . you all want mimosa ? bobby ( ill ) Nah , man ... ricky no ... ruiz four mimosa . ( to guy ) you will love they . so here 's the plan . I do not say shit to maxie , cause the man have acute angina , and I do not want to get he all work up . ricky he have a cute what ...? bobby a bad heart . ruiz I do not tell he shit . he worry too much . I love that old Jew , but he 's gonna kill himself worry . we start this shit , and we be gonna finish it . ricky who 's gonna outfit we ? ruiz outfit ? what 's he talk about ? bobby nothing , man . ricky you want we strapped , do not you ? ruiz last thing I want be you with a gun . horrace Word . bobby what 's the plan ? ruiz Tom , the welsh dude -- ricky the Red Dragon . ruiz shut it , man . shut it . Tom be a square . he do not but dabble in shit . maxie have I hook up a loan-back with he , through a austrian passbook account . ricky so , we be talk money launder ... ruiz will you tell Peter jenning to shut up and fuck listen . the shit 's as routine as you get . I coulda turn it over offshore in a week , but maxie like to do it all he way . safe . I coulda drop the bag alone . it 's only two hundred G 's . but he send you all . so I can either send you home and tell maxie , or we can flush the toilet one more time and hope it all go down . bobby let 's do it . ricky I be you soldier . ruiz now listen . the gig could not be simpler . you carry the money to the welshman , he check it , hand you he marker , you be do . the wash money go directly to maxie . Long as you hand off the bag , you be tight . bobby where 's the drop ? ruiz you three be gonna meet he for dinner . find out if and where . now any of you motherfucker get anything else to say ? ricky yeah . ruiz what ? ricky when all this be over and we be not work for maxie , I would love to run into you on the street . ( beat of silence ) why be not you come ? ruiz that 's none of you fuck business . int . hallway - tavern on the GREEN - central park - day Bobby try to hold he shit together as he wander down a mirrore hallway . he arrive at a door . he open the door to find a ... int . dine room - tavern on the GREEN - continuous ... windowless dining room , paint with grotesque greenery . he quickly duck out . int . bathroom - tavern on the GREEN - central park Bobby splashes water on he face . CUT to : ext . central park zoo - polar bear tank - day horrace , Bobby and ricky walk and talk through the picturesque park . ricky pick at a tuft of cotton candy . bobby why be not Ruiz come ? horrace this welsh dude be trip on Ruiz cause he 's a shot caller . bobby what 's that ? horrace a shot caller . a boss , a capo . he 's run shit . bobby yeah . CUT to another view of the bear . horrace the welsh dude , see all this nigger in perm and diamond and shit , he get nervous . but you motherfucker , he just laugh . all beat up in you babaloo suit like fruitpie the magician . ricky so we just go eat with he and that 's gonna solve everything ? horrace dude , you just gotta settle you shit down . you gotta go and say all that ' Red Dragon ' shit . make he think he 's on barretta . ricky like you be do any better shuck and jiving like you be wait for wing outside the Quick and Split . CUT to another view of the bear . bobby so what do we do ? horrace we go and hang out with the dude , make he happy , drink some tea , whatever it take , until he feel comfortable enough to bring it up on he own . we make the drop , go home to California . bobby where be this happen ? horrace ( hand he matchbook ) we meet at the Globe on Park Avenue at six forty - five . I will see you then . horrace walk away , leave Bobby and ricky . ricky let 's check out the penguin . bobby the what ? ricky the penguin house . bobby wait a minute . you want to look at fuck penguin now ? ricky yeah . let 's look at the penguin . bobby do you hear what he just say ? ricky whatever . we be here . we may as well go to the penguin house . bobby I be tired and I be scared , and I be not look at fuck penguin . smash CUT to : int . penguin house - central park - day Bobby and ricky watch the penguin frolic in they arctic habitat . the silence be break by ... ricky we need gun . bobby we do not need gun . ricky I be pretty sure we do . bobby I listen extremely carefully . nothing be even vaguely imply . he even laugh in you face when you ask he ricky all the more reason . bobby you would not even know where to get one . ricky wanna bet ? bobby you could not even get a hand job from bridge and tunnel posse , how you gonna get a gun ? ricky that 's cause you decide to get all tired all of a sudden . bobby it be six in the fuck morning . ricky float I a hundred buck . bobby why ? ricky you wanna see how fast I get a gun ? bobby you be out of money ? ricky no. bobby what do you have leave ? ricky eighty . bobby eighty buck ?!? ricky eighty five . bobby what happen to the fifteen hundred ? ricky you coulda pick up a tab every once in a while . bobby I do ! I pay for half the fuckin drink ! ricky you do ? bobby yes I do . you asshole ! what about the room ? ricky what about it ? bobby they only cover one fifty in incidentals . you have be order fuck ... motherfucker ... he start to count out he cash . ricky calm down . bobby I fuck vouch for you . I vouch for you and you fuck I . ricky this shit 's peanut compare to what we be gonna make with maxie . bobby ricky . I be try to save this money . understand ? I be try to make it so my girlfriend do not have to grind she ass into other man 's erection so she daughter can go to private school . ricky I be sorry ... bobby this be horseshit . it coulda be so easy . ricky it 's gonna be fine . bobby no more , man . ricky let 's get some sleep . that 's what we need , man . sleep . bobby how we gonna sleep ? we only get a few hour till dinner . ricky so what do we do ? bobby let 's just go now and wait . ricky Three and a half hour ? bobby I do not want to take any more chance . ricky let 's just go get gun , I would feel better . bobby do not fuck around . you be gonna get we all kill . ricky think about it : you knock out that jewish kid 's tooth , cost he eight grand , maybe more . maybe lose he whole line of clientele ? he know you be fuck up jess ' dance , and I get a feel he know I steal he carpet clean van by the way he look at I . he can not kill we in LA cause that lead to too many question . so he fly we out here first class for a ' drop ' that 's turn into whatever ? he can make we disappear out here real nice ... bobby where do you get this shit ? ricky scenario B. I think I be get under Ruiz 's skin . I be no dummy . he do not like how it go down with the Red drag -- welshman , whatever . now I get fruitpie the magician tell I I can not call my man Max ? and that welshman 's sketchy . whatever , I do not know where it 's come , which way it 's come from , I be tell you one thing right now , I be not gonna be late for the dance . bobby you be not get a gun . int . limousine - manhattan - day Bobby be on the car phone beside ricky . he leave a message . bobby hi girl . it 's Bobby . can not seem to get a hold of you . gonna be home soon . I miss you . Chloe , uncle ricky 's here . he want to say hello . say hi to Chloe . ricky fight with he in whisper , then finally take the phone . ricky hi princess . it 's ricky . I hope you be do good sweety . everyone 's okay . nobody 's hurt ... talk to you soon . bye . int . globe - manhattan - day ricky and Bobby look horrible . they stare in silence drink coffee . int . globe - manhattan - day time lapse of the two guy shifting and rest . int . globe - manhattan - day horrace arrive with the welshman . ricky look . they be together . you tell I this be not a set-up ? bobby easy ... they arrive . welshman hey , boy . bobby Tom . how 's it go ? welshman Fine , fine . and you be ...? bobby Bobby and ricky . welshman right , right . the ' thug . ' they share a laugh . the tension be slowly dissipate . welshman and where be ...? horrace Ruiz ? oh , he be not here . welshman no ? horrace Nah , see , maxie just ask he to set that shit up as a favor . he , you know , he tie in with the club . set we up so , you know , you feel at home . welshman well , I do not care for the club much . and , I must say , I do not care for he either . horrace well , he be not gonna be around no more . welshman pity . what 's say we have a drink ? CUT to : int . lot 61 - manhattan - night ricky and Bobby can barely keep they be eye open . horrace seem equally irritate as the welshman drain what appear to be he fifth pint of ale . ricky be preoccupy by a project image on the wall . welshman this be the great fuck country in the world . I love this fuck place . I mean the food , the woman , the fuck curb . this country have the high fuck curb in the world . it 's fuck brilliant . you know what I love most ? this shit . he pull out a can of skoal chew tobacco and pinch off a chew . ricky dip ? welshman yeah . this shit 's fuck brilliant . I just fuck love the fact that you have kid drive around in pickup truck with a mouthful of this shit , speed they brain out . I gotta bring a case of it home to my mate . it 's illegal back home , you know . horrace no shit ? welshman do anyone want another ? horrace you want another drink ? ricky I will get it . welshman who 's up for a night on the town . this be the worst possible thing he could have say as far as Bobby be concerned . he be exhaust . the guy play the host . horrace sure . anyplace in particular ? welshman I hear the China Club be a laugh . CUT to : int . the china club - manhattan - night they sit in a booth . loud club music bombard they grow impatience . Bobby and ricky strain to stay awake . the welshman drain a cocktail , watch a table - hopping magician relishing he enthusiastic audience of one as he present he with the Queen of diamond . welshman bloody hell ! brilliant ! do you see that ? horrace slip the performer a bill and he trot off . welshman now , about the business at hand ... they all perk up and lean in . Tom drain he glass . welshman anyone have any drug . a wave of dread . horrace what do you want ? welshman a little Charlie , perhaps . horrace Coke ? welshman I have hear you have get the best coke in the States . the shit back home be pants . horrace ( slip ricky some bill ) that should not be a problem . ricky look to Bobby , who shrug . ricky reluctantly go off to find drug . Tom smile and hug Bobby and horrace . welshman you guy be the fuck best . I swear , I do not know about this whole thing , but you guy be okay . CUT to : int . bathroom stall - china club - later - night horrace , ricky , Tom , and Bobby be all pack like sardine in the toilet stall . ricky hand Tom a glassine envelope full of coke . welshman ( slurring ) God love you ... he open it with drunken abruptness , send part of it 's content onto Bobby 's jacket . welshman aw , fuck I . sorry ... he start rub the spillage from Bobby 's lapel onto he gum . horrace prevent any more waste by take the envelope away . welshman sorry , mate . now there be not even enough to go around ... horrace do not worry , man . it 's all for you . welshman ( touch ) no , really , mate ? horrace here ... horrace position himself so that the welshman can sniff from he hand . the four large man all reposition themselves in the tiny stall , inevitably step on each other and bang head . ricky ow , shit ... horrace watch it ... bobby c'mon ... welshman fuck ... outside the stall , the attendant watch the foot shuffle as they curse from within . inside , Tom snort a pile of cocaine from horrace 's outstretch hand . welshman fuck , that 's good shit . so , what 's say we make a go of this and you drop off the cash tomorrow ? finally . CUT to : int . limousine - manhattan - later - night the limo settles to a stop to drop off horrace . horrace now , here 's what worry I . he say he want to meet up at a bar in Red hook . you know where that be ? bobby no . horrace Brooklyn . bobby yeah ? horrace he must have that shit trough . bobby what do you mean ' trough ? ' horrace troughed off . protected . like , you know , like he get a moat around it . bobby Ruiz tie in out there ? horrace Nah , man . no one be . they get some Puerto rican and a new crop of fuckin irish immigrant . ricky I be half irish . horrace I do not fuck with that crazy , off - the -boat fuckin irish . you hear of the westies ?. bobby Heard of they . horrace they run shit back in the eighties . use to cut motherfucker head off and sit they on the bar . that 's back when the irish be make a play against the italian . I do not know if they still around , but I do not fuck with that motherfucker just in case . bobby it sound to I like everybody 's just a little jumpy . and since all it be be a drop , the welshman 's get nothing at stake . I say we go to he ' trough off ' bar . it will calm he nerve , we drop the bag , and we all get back to we life . horrace and not a word to maxie . he will shit if he know we cross a bridge . they all nod . horrace get out . int . limousine - manhattan - day they pull up to the soho Grand . ricky wake Bobby , who begin to doze . ricky get up brother . we be home . go up and get some sleep . int . bobby's suite - soho grand HOTEL - day Bobby drag himself into he suite . he drop he drawer and lay down . instead of sleep , he pick up the phone and dial . chloe ( v.o. ) hello . bobby Chloe ? chloe ( v.o. ) uncle Bobby ? bobby hi , baby . what be you do awake ? where 's mommy ? chloe ( v.o. ) I do not know . bobby ( concerned , check watch ) mommy 's not home ? chloe ( v.o. ) no . bobby what time be it there ? chloe ( v.o. ) can you take I to Color I mine ? bobby yeah . be you sure mommy 's not home ? it 's very late . beebeep ... beebeep ... shit . the pager . bobby I gotta go , baby . I love you . tell mommy I call . you be a big girl and be careful when you be alone . chloe ( v.o. ) I love you . come home . he hang up , then dial . bobby yeah ...? now ...? do ricky call yet ...? see you in a minute . he sit up , hunch over . he motivate reluctantly . he claw he way into the bathroom and rinse he face in a meagre attempt to wash away the cobweb . he look awful . the color be beginning to intensify as sleep deprivation set in . int . limousine - manhattan - day - moment later Bobby sit into the car once again . Jimmy pull away . bobby be not we wait for ricky ? jimmy ricky 's take care of . bobby taken care of ? jimmy yeah , he 's get there on he own . Bobby fight to clear he head and think . ext . CITY STREET - manhattan - day the limo pull up , and horrace step in , talk on the phone . horrace carry a briefcase . int . limousine - manhattan - continuous the car pull away . Bobby have the no-sleep-sweat . he look awful . no one greet anyone . there be a tension . horrace be on the phone . horrace ( phone ) yeah ... yeah ... uhu ... I can not really talk now , but it 's all go as plan . if thing change , I will call . he hang up . pause . bobby where we go ? horrace Quick drop . in and out . bobby where 's ricky ? horrace ricky 's take care of . bobby how so ? horrace he be uptown when I page he . I give he the address . he 's meeting we there . bobby ( be : briefcase ) that it ? horrace that 's it . pause . ext . limousine - brooklyn - day the car cross the Brooklyn Bridge and drive through Brooklyn . int . limousine - brooklyn - same Bobby be watch and think as Brooklyn go by . horrace seem distant . ext . icarus tavern - red hook - brooklyn - day the limo pass the corner and settles in front of the time wear icarus tavern . a young irish man stand out front smoking a fag . the place be open , but the neon ' OPEN ' sign be off . int . limousine - in front of the icarus - continuous they pop the door . horrace this be it . bobby where 's ricky . horrace I guess inside . or he never make it . either way , I do not give a shit . let 's get this over with . ext . icarus tavern - red hook - continuous the two guy get out and enter the pub . horrace carry the case of cash . the guy at the door watch they enter and snuff out he smoke . int . icarus tavern - red hook - continuous they enter the old world gin mill . it 's dark . there 's a long , age wooden bar and oak booth . the floor board be fade and bow . a middle - age bartender read the Post by the oversize beer tap . he look up over he read glass without expression . two young irish tough stand up from a booth and lead the man into the back room . there be a silent tension . no sign of ricky . int . back room - icarus tavern - continuous even darker . they slowly walk in , send cautious look to every corner . a simple round table sit in the center of this sparse dining room . Three rogue sit around it , all face the door . Tom , the welshman , sit with he back to the door . they all have pint before they . a mute conversation end as Tom follow they stare over he shoulder to see Bobby and horrace enter . silence for a beat , then ... welshman here they be , then . horrace ( falsely relaxed ) how 's it go ? welshman brilliantly . Care for a pint ? horrace no , thanks , man . we get to head out . welshman come , now . you just get here . horrace that 's alright , man . it 's a little early for I to drink . this draw a uncomfortably bass chuckle from the seven dark character now surround they . welshman nonsense . we will have three half pint of lager . one irishman go to fetch the drink . two of the irishman pat they down for gun . welshman sorry about that . where 's you mate ? horrace could not make it . here 's the money . horrace place the case on the table . its weight make a loud thunk as it hit the hardwood . he pop the catch and lift the lid . wow . that 's a lot of money . the tough lose they poker face as they knee weaken from the sight of it . even Bobby have to swallow as the Devil blow on he nape . Tom finger the stack . horrace ( anxious ) give I you marker , and we will be on we way . Tom begin to write out a receipt . welshman I can not yet vouch for the amount , unless you want I to sit here and count . horrace no , man , that 's fine . just put that you take delivery . then , in what take only a matter of second , Bobby have a lockblade to he throat and horrace take a truncheon to the gut , flooring he . horrace what the fuck , man ? why ? the money 's in you hand . why you pull this shit ? Tom be scared shit . he 's more surprised than any of they . welshman I ... I just hire this guy to watch my back ... horrace motherfucker , we be hand you money . what the hell we gonna pull ? rogue shut you goddamn mouth ! as far as any of you be concerned , a gang of spic take the bag . understood ? grab they wallet . I will know where to find each and every one of you . welshman I do not know , I swear to God , I -- whack . he take one in the gut , violently lose he wind . horrace ( to Bobby ) if you and you boy set this up , you be way out of you league . rogue shut up ! voice ( o.s. ) maybe you be the one who better shut up . they all turn to see ricky stand tall with a pistol to the head of a tough with two beer . ricky sip the third lager . rogue he 's only get six shot , he 's bound to miss . ricky or maybe I be real lucky . I will tell you one thing , I will waste every bullet make sure you be dead if you do not take that knife away from my friend throat . the thug remove the blade from Bobby 's neck . his eye narrow as he look at the gun . he notice something ... thug that 's a starter pistol . ricky ( cover ) what ? thug his gun 's a starter pistol . I can see the red plug in the barrel . the tough begin to relax and converge ... ricky ( nervous ) be you willing to risk you life over -- but the moment prove enough of a distraction for Bobby to unload a damaging combination to he captor . he may not have what it take to cut it as a professional boxer , but this untrained goons be way outclass . he drop one like a lead weight . it 's about to get ugly as weapon be raise . then ... the melee be cut short by a resounding voice call from the door . jimmy that 's enough . Jimmy the driver stand in the door aim a Glock 45 at the crowd . they all freeze . jimmy you guy , over in the corner . leave the hardware and you wallet on the table . ( to bartender ) make out a invoice on damage . you get e-mail ? ( nod . Jimmy hand he a card . ) e-mail it to I . a check will arrive . call the number at the bottom and tell they the Rook be code four . then destroy the card . ( to Bobby ) Nice . I will let maxie know you be good in the pocket . ( to ricky ) staduch . ( to the guy ) go. I will take care of this . thing be about to get ugly . Bobby grab the case . they split . ext . icarus tavern - red hook - moment later they get in . the limo pull out . int . limousine - in front of the icarus - continuous horrace peel out and Bobby , ricky , horrace , and the Red Dragon all sit in silence catch they breath . Bobby hold the case . look be exchange . ricky Holy shit . get I back to Manhattan . bobby ( interrupt ) take we right to Kennedy . now . horrace nod . fade out : fade up on : int . max's office - van nuy - day Bobby and ricky sit before Max . they look the worst we have ever see they . they have obviously not sleep or change yet and fly right out after the melee . maxie look at the open case of cash . a long , tense beat of unclear reaction . be maxie mad or happy . finally ... max you do good . he throw they each a bundle off the top of the pile of bill . ten grand stack ? max I never intend to test you two to that extent , but you both come through . I should have be inform there be a flag on the play , but I will take that up with Ruiz . I make a few call back East . that punk be not tie in with anyone . as for the welshman , he be not in on it . he be just plain dumb . as for you , ricky , you draw will go towards a new carpet clean van . ricky but , Max -- max we be square . ricky yes , sir . max and , as for you , Bobby , you just move up a notch . you day of fight for crumb be through . take a week off , come back , and we will talk about the next thing . bobby there will not be a next thing . max take a few day -- bobby I do not need a few day . I be gonna settle down with jess . she 's through dance . we be open a restaurant . max I hate to ruin you fairy tale , but I have be pay jess ' rent for six month . she 's get to keep dance -- Bobby throw he stack of cash at maxie . ricky grimace . bobby she 's through too . thank you for the opportunity , Max . we will see you around . they rise to leave . max ( smile ) you get a lot to learn , kid . say hi to jess for I . ext . jessica's house - blackburn - los angele - continuous - night the tran be pull up in front of jess ' house . Bobby and ricky both pop out . we catch the end of a conversation . ricky dude , we be practically make ... bobby I will drop you off in a minute . I want to see if the baby 's up . you wanna come in ? ricky no. I will wait here . bobby I will be a minute . Bobby trot up the stair . ricky light a smoke and watch he go . we linger on he look . int . jessica's house - blackburn - los angele - night the door open . the live room look like a disaster area . the sink be full of dish , stack high above the counter . dirty clothes be strewn all over . half eat plate of food be on the coffee table and bag of carry - out container and pizza box lie about . in the center of it all , Chloe sit alone watch a Hollywood Hills brushfire on the news . she look up with the solemnity of one much older . bobby where 's mommy ? do she leave you alone again ? Chloe look to the back room as she sip from she juice box . Bobby see a mirror and coke laid out on the table . he grit he tooth and go for the bedroom door . int . bedroom - jessica's house - continuous Bobby burst in to find jess in bed with the horny bachelor whose nose he break the week before . the guy jump in fear . jess be startle and coke out of she mind . horny guy I -- I -- I ... do not ... bobby I do not get it . jess I never promise you anything . bobby how could you let she see this ? jess Goodbye , Bobby . bobby just so you know , I buy you out with maxie . I suggest you leave while you can . jess do not you get it ? I do not want to leave . this be who I be . bobby tell you the truth , I do not give a shit for I . but that little girl be so special , and you be gonna fuck she up . he cross to go , but be interrupt by ... jess ( quietly ) take she . bobby what would you say ? jess I want you to take she with you . off Bobby 's look we ... CUT to : int . front room - jessica's house - night Bobby walk in . Chloe look up at he . a tense silence . bobby I , uh ... listen , hon . mommy think it 's a good idea if , just for a while , if you and I go on a trip -- before he can finish , he stammer be cut short by she bolt across the room and into he arm . she squeeze he with all she might . we see Bobby 's relief and happiness over she shoulder . fade to : ext . bobby's car - SMALL desert highway - outside los angele - next morning we fade up on a beautiful sunny morning travel on a empty desert road . the only car visible be Bobby 's tran be in the deep background , leave the mountain behind . the camera track backward along the road as the car close slowly . we hear Chloe 's angelic voice as she sing a melody . as the car draw closer , we see Bobby , still in the clothes from the trip , drive . there be luggage pack for a journey . Bobby look content . when the car finally settles into a two - shot through the windshield , we notice smoke come from the back seat . a moment later , ricky sit up behind they . he be half awake and cranky . ricky baby , you get the sweetest voice I ever hear , but uncle ricky 's gotta sleep . I have be drive all night , princess . she ignore he . ricky shhh , c'mon , baby . it 's quiet time . be not it quiet time , Bobby ? Bobby ? tell she it 's quiet time Bobby . please tell she it 's quiet time ... Bobby smirk and accelerate , pass camera , which pan to watch they speed off into the big sky horizon . fade to black : the end