' make in dagenham ' by William ivory keep on running by the Spencer Davis Group , thunder over title and - ext . estate in dagenham - day rita o’grady and she husband eddie , both late twenty , step onto the balcony of a flat on a massive housing estate in East London . with they be they two child , graham and sharon . they kiss the kid goodbye as another man , also in blue overall , emerge from the flat , clamber onto a bike and set off down the car-less street . rita and Eddie grab they own bike , and ride off into a ever broaden stream of people . ext . estate - day on another part of the estate , a much young woman , sandra , emerge from a flat , wave to she mum on a balcony above and hop onto she bike . she wobble off , the white patent leather boot she be wear make balance something of a challenge . int . estate - day Sandra filter in with the great tide of cyclist pour from the estate beneath the baking sun . we see they from high above . Sandra spot Eddie and rita , call out and speed up to join they . int . ford MAIN plant - day the tide have become a flood as more and more cyclist freewheel through town and down a hill towards a massive industrial complex with a blue neon sign above it : ford motor . as they approach the factory , the cyclist diverge , man one way , woman the other . several people stop and kiss at the point of divergence , include Eddie and rita . then he push off towards the Main Plant , brand new and state of the art while she turn she bike towards a crumble nineteen twenty monolith the River Plant . we follow rita , as she cycle between the blacken , paint peel building to a series of bike rack , there , along with Sandra , eileen , Brenda and monica , she dismount and glance at the hot sun , pass into the factory . music fade . credit end . across this - — dagenham . england . may 1968 10.08.09 orange revision 10.08.09 orange revision 1a int . river plant - day on the shop floor , a cramped , filthy , windowless place , chatter and laughter ring out . the girl , nearly 200 of they , roll down they overall and tie the arm off in front of they , revealing bras or camisole . and as rita enter and move to she bench , we drop to floor level and see that nearly all of the woman have now remove they shoe . as rita , thread up she sewing machine , wipe a bead of sweat away from she face , we understand why : the place be a oven ! rita grab a box of vinyl piece as eileen walk past , revealing a ferocious wire bra . 10.08.09 orange revision 10.08.09 orange revision 2 rita bloody hell , eileen , you get more support there than the arsenal - eileen make to retort but be interrupt by a the sound of a hooter . almost at once there be the noise of a generator engage and then a staggering cacophony as 200 sewing machine start to clatter away . talk impossible , the woman get down to work . rita pull several piece from the box beside she and pick up a car headrest frame . she arrange the vinyl around the frame and start to machine it into place . it be hugely intricate but nevertheless she sew at breathtaking speed and quickly complete the first item . she place it on a trolley behind she and grab the next frame . ext . dagenham high STREET - day silence . the street be utterly desert . and we see how bare , how basic , how unlike the swing sixty , be dagenham . and then , we see a lone figure , connie , late forty , cycle towards the plant as fast as she can . int . river plant - day rita curse . one of she nail be chip . she wipe sweat away again and resume she work at a ferocious speed , finish another headrest . as she reach for the next frame , connie enter , flustered - connie sorry I be late - rita ( smile ; shout ) everything alright ? connie look across from thread she machine . connie yeah . just oversleep . connie take water on the she machine , above with a off she shoe , place a wash up bowl of floor and stand in it . then she turn to hassle . but , suddenly , something drop from thud . connie jump , startle . it be a dead bird , entangle in cotton thread . already there 's laughter from that who see the near miss . connie tense ; stare at the animal on she work bench with a steely expression . she 's not in the mood . instantly , more laughter . 10.08.09 orange revision 10.08.09 orange revision 3 brenda least it do not shit on you . they do that sometimes . ' fore they die . connie pick up the bird and march to the bin with it . rita look to the rafter where hundred of other bird hang dead . she then turn back to connie , try not to laugh , as she arrive at she place . but immediately , the hooter sound again and the power to the machine be switch off . the girl start to make themselves decent - albert lady ... if I could just interrupt you a second - rita look to the far doorway . there , a man in he late fifty , in blue overall , wait , stare at the floor , in a well practise manoeuvre . this be albert fincham . rita stand by you bed , man ! the girl laugh but all around there be also a hubbub of excited chatter as they complete get dress . connie , however , hurry down the aisle and shunt the girl forward . connie come on ! hurry up - the noise level have rise considerably . connie ( cont 'd ) get down the front - she clap she hand and shout to the back row - connie ( cont 'd ) Girls - ( turn ; shout ) in you come , Albert - he enter and walk to the front . connie move across and stand by Albert 's side , face the girl . he lean into she . albert thank you , connie - Albert climb onto a bench and the noise rise accordingly . voice be call out : '' what 's happen , then ? what they decide ? '' Albert struggle to speak over the top . albert ( cont 'd ) yeah . alright ... hang on . i’1l ... if you have just shut up a minute ! the uieten ( y ( more ) ) 10.08.09 orange revision 10.08.09 orange revision 3a albert ( cont 'd ) right , well ... to quote Winston churchill himself : it be not the end . it be not even the beginnin’ of the end . but it may well be the end of the beg - brenda Albert , for fuck 's sake , get on with it - the woman laugh . several call out . albert please ! lady ! I be doin 's I best here - 10.08.09 orange revision 10.08.09 orange revision 4 a shout that he 's lovely when he 's cross . Albert sag but gradually , the girl be quiet . he nod , relieved . albert ( cont 'd ) thank you ... ( clear throat ) so ... the deadline we set the management , to respond to we complaint about how they have re-grade you ... '' un - skilled '' ... have now pass . ( voice shout ; serious this time ) and they still be not get back to we - ( louder cry ) which mean !... you gotta vote ! on the threat we make in that original communiqué : a immediate ban on all overtime and a one day stoppage - to happen on the 29th of May . ( silence . eileen glance at rita , nervously ) all they for industrial action : hand up . rita 's determine face . her arm go straight up . she look round . all of the other hand be up , too . albert ( cont 'd ) against ? ( no one ) thank you . 187 to nil . I be seein 's the management first thing tomorrow mornin’ . I 'o 1l inform ‘em of you decision . a stunne moment , then as Albert step down , a huge cheer and applause as and the woman break into group , talk excitedly . eileen grab rita . eileen we do it ! rita look nervous , too . rita first time for everything ... brenda fuck ‘em . that 's what I say . every other bugger round here go on strike . why should not we ? rita yeah . just ... maybe do not put it like that if you get interview by David frost , eh ? 10.08.09 orange revision 10.08.09 orange revision 5 everyone laugh and the girl return to they bench , still chatter furiously . in the doorway , Albert watch the woman go back to they position . a young lad , brian , pass by , sweeping the corridor . Albert look to he , indicate the girl . albert I fight rommel , you know . I be never once scared like I be when I go in there . the hooter sound and the machine start up again . immediately the door slide shut , just as the girl begin to disrobe . int . dagenham dock club - evening the sport and social club have be decorate with streamer and balloon . Young girl by Gary puckett play on a large portable record player , perch on the stage at one end of the room . however , the dark suit and knee length skirt of the pack dance floor bring to mind the nineteen fifty , not the sixty . the joint be jump , nevertheless . and stand at a corner table , rita throw down a large gin before rush back to Eddie , catch in the thick of the dance . Close to he be connie , with GEORGE , she husband , a couple of year young , angular and handsome , move stiffly . also nearby be eileen and Dave . Eddie spin rita rather too vigorously and she nearly go over , laugh , as he grab she again . then , suddenly , the music stop and everyone be plunge into near darkness . moan and complaint from the floor as a Dave run towards the record player . dave alright ! hold you horse - — eileen ( to Dave ) this happen every time - more shout of derision . connie he put the wrong fuse in . I keep tellin’ he - then suddenly a piano sound out . head spin towards the back of the room where the older folk be gather . rita oh , God ! give he half a chance and he 's in there - 10.08.09 orange revision 10 10.08.09 orange revision 6 Albert be play '' my old man . '' the oldster immediately start sing along , to groan from the youngster . rita ( cont 'd ) - bleedin 's liberace - but then , the power be back on and rita put the record player on again , drown out Albert . it 's sandie Shaw 's , always something there to remind me. a big cheer . rita and the other start dance . she look across to a peeve Albert and wink at he . he 's not amused . Eddie lean in - eddie here , where 's Brenda go ? rita look uneasy . she shrug . Eddie nod and whisk she off again . int . car - evening 9 a man grunt and thrust . he 's have sex , eye shut , across the back seat of he motor . beneath he , Brenda stare at a tear along the seam of the front passenger seat . the man open he eye and finally stop thrust . at last Brenda look at he . brenda you trim . that will be hangin’ right off in a day or two , that will ... ( point to tear on seam ) and I bet I know the girl what sow it , n’all . ( nod , smugly . he be stunne ) go on , then . chop chop . or we ’1ll miss the buffet . he hesitates , then go for it anyway . Brenda , head rock , look back to the edge of the seat : typical . int . dagenham dock club - evening 10 empty glass be place on a tray . rita right ! who want another ? George ? you be finish - GEORGE naah . be up all night - connie go on ! let you hair down . 10.08.09 orange revision 10.08.09 orange revision 7 he relent . connie push she own across . connie ( cont 'd ) same again for I , to ! rita smile , just as a figure lurch into she . sandra who 's next , then ? Sandra , in a much short skirt than the other , also with a bee hive hair - do , wear a sash which say 21 today and sway alarmingly . eddie you sure you do not wanna sit down five minute , Sandra ? sandra you be jokin 's ... connie what about some food ...? ( to eileen ) she will not eat nothin’ ... ( to Sandra ) there 's scotch egg - sandra ( to rita ) I 'il have a snowball ... come on , George . you be not trip the whatsit with I yet , have you ? she weave back onto the floor and be soon involved in something very sixty and very unstable . rita watch she , then look back to George uneasily . he start to move , but it 's a effort - — albert ( v.o. ) do you mind , George ... if I have this one ...? they turn ; Albert be stare across at Sandra ; he bend to one side , limbering up . rita smile at Albert 's gesture . he turn to connie . albert ( cont 'd ) like to keep I hand in ... jitterbug , twist . all they ... he take a deep breath and prepare to stride out - rita yeah , well , do not overdo it ... ( Albert turn to she ) give yourself a heart attack ... we need you tomorrow - 10.08.09 orange revision 11 12 10.08.09 orange revision 8 Albert tut , pique . then he stride out onto the floor . rita smile . ext . dock club - night 11 Sandra sway . then Dave and eileen take she by either arm and set off , to escort she home . finally , rita and Eddie be leave alone in the still night air . rita take a deep , content breath . then she kiss Eddie on the mouth . eddie what be that for ? rita nothin’ . like you . that 's all ... he be stare at she in wonder . and lust . he try to grab she . eddie come here - rita ooy - she skip away , laugh . eddie ri-ta ! she turn and look back at he . rita not out in the street - she grin and run off . he chase after she . she easily keep she distance . eddie oh , you be better than that , be you ! rita yes , I be , actually . then she go over on one of she high heel . they laugh together . int . rita 's house , kitchen - day 12 a big scream guitar solo from cream 's crossroad - and rita re-tune the radio , exhaling heavily . she feel dreadful . 10.08.09 orange revision 10.08.09 orange revision 9 she settles on bear free by Matt Monroe , then take a drag on a fag , finish irone a shirt and move across to a cooker where she remove a pan of bean from the heat . she spoon they onto three plate , egg and bacon already in place , then pause again , feel sick . rita place the plate on the table . in front of Sharon , she daughter ( 8 ) who be read a comic . Graham , they eleven year old son enter , still in he pyjamas . rita Graham ... you be gonna be late - graham I do not feel very well ... rita frown , cross and feel Graham 's forehead . rita you be not hot . graham it 's I stomach . it 's say very quickly . then he tuck into he breakfast . rita watch and frown . Graham eat with the fork in he leave hand , he right , clench . she take it . he resist but rita fix he with she gaze and he unclench he fist as she turn it over . his palm have angry red wield across it . rita be shocked . graham ( cont 'd ) I never do nothin 's - ( she look he right in the eye ) honest . she stare . nod . it 's enough . rita Mr Clarke again ? he look uncertain . graham yeah . rita hold she temper . just. rita have you breakfast and go and get dress - ( he make to speak ) I 'il deal with it ... it will be fine . she say it with utter conviction . he nod , relieved . 10.08.09 orange revision 13 14 15 10.08.09 orange revision 10 int . rita 's house , bedroom - day 13 rita pull back the sheet on they bed . rita oy ! lover boy ! Eddie lie face down on the bed . he wear nylon pyjama bottom . he moan . eddie clear off . I be dyin’ . rita we be all dyin’ . and we all gotta go to work ... clean shirt - she drape it over he . and walk to the door . she look back . he have not move . she cross , remove the shirt and tip a bedside glass of water over he back . he yelp , leap up and she walk out . ext . factory - day 14 as cloud gather , the man ( and only man ) go about they business outside . gordon , late twenty , drive a motorise trolley cart , full of complete seat . they load brand new , shine Ford car onto transporter . but then , a crack of thunder and it start to rain - int . factory floor - day 15 the thunder of the factory . the woman work in silence . sweat drip from rita 's face and she wipe she brow with she sleeve . she 's move with she usual speed , but with something else , too ; aggression , as she yank hard at the cotton thread she must cut off from around the headrest . then there be a moan . she turn . connie have stop work and glug from a bottle of lucozade . connie never again , I swear . beside connie , eileen re-apply a cold flannel to the back of she neck and Brenda downs a pint of milk . but suddenly , spot of water be drip through the roof . connie ( cont 'd ) oh - she look up and grab a umbrella which she wedge above she station . brenda alley-bloody -lujah - 10.08.09 orange revision 10.08.09 orange revision 11 Brenda and several other girl step right under the rain , to cool down . eileen turn to connie . eileen you 'il go mad , takin 's that up and down ... it 's shower all day ! connie I do not care ... it 's dangerous . Water and electrics ... innit ? brenda what you talkin’ about ? you be standin’ in a bowl of the bloody stuff ! rita smile , then see Sandra who be ashen white , hurriedly place a headrest on the '' do '' trolley , just as it 's push away . rita frown and grab the item as the trolley be wheeled behind she . she inspect it . rita con !.... connie ! ( connie turn ) Sandra 's at it again - ( indicate a tear ) you be gonna have to say something 's - Sandra , who blow bubble gum , see rita look and wave . rita shout . rita ( cont 'd ) do not wave you silly cow , I be moanin’ about you ... rita remove she own item , in order to repair Sandra 's work . then she look back to connie . rita ( cont 'd ) we can not keep coverin’ for she . ( connie look worried ) they be gonna find out , con . and then they 'il give she the boot . connie I 's all have a word . albert ( 0.s. ) connie ... con !- she turn . Albert , wear a suit and union badge , stand directly in front of they , beam . connie Albert . then , she eye indicate the slip she be wear . and all of the other half dress girl , too . 10.08.09 orange revision 10.08.09 orange revision 12 albert oh , Christ ! he look down , averting he gaze . rita , grin , call out . rita maaaaaaaa -n ! the hooter sound and power be turn off to the bench as the girl dress . but noise remain ; excited chatter fill the air . when Albert look up the whole shop floor have shove around connie 's bench . connie you be sayin’ ? albert ( instant smile again ) meeting tomorrow . Ford headquarters . down at warley ! the girl all glance at one another , stunne . connie you be jokin 's - albert ( posh voice ) '' the machinist ? the machinist be threaten strike action ... '' they could not believe it ! ( chatter break out on the floor . Albert lean in ) right . they 'il have hopkins there . Jones . and grant ... he 's a right miserable sod . which mean we need one more . ( eileen frown ) Little principle I learn in the war , eileen : success in battle be very simple . turn up with more on you side than they have get on theirs and turn up when they be least expectin’ it . ( back to connie ) in this case we be book in for two thirty , so we will get there at half one ... monty Taylor 'il come from Union head office , I make two , you be three , so - ( smile ; look round ) - who 's gonna be the extra man ? any taker ? and instantly all noise have stop . the girl stare back at Albert uncertainly . he tut , disappointed . he look to Brenda . 10.08.09 orange revision 16 10.08.09 orange revision 13 brenda fuck off ! albert oh , come on ... it 's a day off - all hand go up in the air . several people call out , too . Albert look over the row of face , just as stymy as before . but then he notice rita . they gaze lock again . and he smile . ext . river plant - day 16 rita wipe down she bench and toss the off cutting and thread in a bin . the woman be do for the day . she hurry towards the exit . but she way be suddenly block , as a forklift truck tow in a massive trailer load of dismantle , un-upholster seat . connie what you doin’ with they ? gordon this new escort . look like they finally design something people like . the driver jump down , unhook the load . brenda well they can get fuck ! we have have we vote ! we be not doin’ no overtime ! gordon yeah , you take the plunge at last ... he do not re-connect the trailer but climb on board the forklift , anyway , scoffing : gordon ( cont 'd ) I and the boy be sayin’ : we have have go on strike year ago ; just havin’ to turn up in a pig hole like this ! you know it 's rainin 's in here , do not you ? and he drive off . the woman stare at the seat , suddenly aware of what they be do . rita , frustrated by the delay , lean in to connie . rita I 'il see you tomorrow - connie rita - 10.08.09 orange revision 17 18 19 10.08.09 orange revision 14 rita ( 0.s. ) I gotta go ! and she have . connie hesitates . then she look to the girl and walk out . they follow she . soon all that remain be the seat , un -touch . int . women' locker room - day 17 rita be down to she underwear , already in high heel . she slide a pencil skirt on , toppling against the cubicle wall - rita Christ - then she grab a top - then she pull on a top , run in front of a mirror , check she tooth and be off - ext . STREET - day 18 it 's stop raining as rita slide through a puddle on she bike and stop . she jump off and lean it against a brick wall . she straighten she blouse and immediately curse : one stock be smear with splash up dirt . she consider she option , then , glance round , remove it . then the other one . then she hurry round a corner and approach the Thomas a becket Grammar School . it be much leafier here and car can be see for the very first time , most park near the wait mother , gather at the gate . as rita stride towards they , short skirt , shapely legge , several woman turn to look at she . rita stiffen slightly . a bell ring and the school start to let out . int . classroom - day 19 a teacher , fifty , clean a blackboard as rita enter the classroom . rita Mr Clarke ? ( he turn ) I wonder if I could have a word ? he consider she . teacher of course - he motion to a chair . rita hesitates ; it 's a pupil 's and rather small . she sit anyway . he smile . 10.08.09 orange revision 10.08.09 orange revision 15 teacher ( cont ’d ) how may I help you ? his tone be clipped , Empire . rita stare at the man . there be no easy way . finally - rita you hit my son . he frown , confuse . but rita , hearing it say , feel stronger . and more angry . rita ( cont 'd ) on he hand . you cane he . and it be not the first time . teacher ah. yes. o’grady ... I remember . he smile ; not the slight hint of remorse . rita be wrong foote . he cross the room - teacher ( cont ’d ) forget he protractor . and it be not the first time ... he nonchalantly collect some book . rita flare - rita I do not care whether it 's the tenth time ! I do not want you doin 's it ! she stop ; know she 's lose she temper but she hold he gaze , nonetheless . he simply smile , calmly . teacher have you speak to you husband about this , Mrs o'grady ? rita ( surprised ) what ?... no ... I - teacher I do find where matter of discipline be concerned , that 's usually the best route - rita he 's my son ! again she flinch inwardly . but again he seem calm . teacher you live on the estate do not you ? rita be confuse but also on guard now - 10.08.09 orange revision 20 21 10.08.09 orange revision 16 rita I do not see what - teacher we find that that boy who come to we from the estate often have difficulty in adjust to the standard of behaviour require in a school like this ... it 's not really they fault . they parent have invariably never undergone the full rigour of academic life - he look at she quizzically . and now rita struggle to hold he gaze . the teacher continue , pleased . teacher ( cont ’d ) so the boy can hardly look to they for guidance ... rita try to keep she expression neutral . teacher ( cont ’d ) but they do adapt ... in time ... and I be sure you son will , too . if he 's just give the chance . he smile , come across and hold out he hand to shake . rita stare at it , utterly shocked . int . school - day 20 rita walk blindly away from the classroom , turn down a corridor and stop . ahead be a dead end . she quickly retrace she step , pass back round the corner . another woman , lisa , wait outside the classroom now . she turn to face rita . she be of a similar age , thin , and impeccably dress in expensive high street fashion . she frown , sense rita 's distress . lisa be you alright ? she speak with a posh voice . rita tremble . rita fuck off ! then rita barge past she . ext . high STREET / new kiosk - day 21 rita be shaking , upset and angry . she fumble in she bag but she packet of fag be empty . 10.08.09 orange revision 10.08.09 orange revision 16a she walk towards a News kiosk and step to the front of a small queue . rita ten John player , please . ( hand across money ) ta. she look down . a few magazine be laid out on top of a tressel table . one of they be vogue . it 's cover show Jean shrimpton with short , slicked down hair and panda eye : the sixty of popular memory . the byline read : all change . rita pick it up . rita ( cont 'd ) and this , thank you . she stand tall as she pass it over . 10.08.09 orange revision 22 23 10.08.09 orange revision 17 omitted 22 int . rita 's house - night 23 tv picture of the Prague spring . a Czech student drop a flower down the barrel of a soldier 's gun . announcer Russia say it be monitoring the situation closely - audio fade . rita ( 0.s. ) tea 's ready ... Sharon look round from the telly . rita stand by the door , a tea towel in she hand . Eddie be doze on the sofa and start to rouse himself . Graham be at a table by the wall where he be do he homework . he turn and rita smile at he . rita ( cont 'd ) alright ? need any help ? graham naah . it 's easy . he pack he stuff up . rita look at he guiltily . but then he turn suddenly and see she stare . graham ( cont 'd ) what 's up ? rita nothin 's ... you be a good lad . that 's all . 10.08.09 orange revision 24 10.08.09 orange revision 18 she duck away from he gaze and move to the tv . we see that it be now show a episode of the Magic roundabout ; Sharon have turn over . but rita switch off . sharon aw , mum - rita step back into the kitchen . Eddie pick Sharon up as he pass she . she giggle . sharon ( cont 'd ) here , dad , martine Clarke 's get colour . I see it - int . kitchen - night 24 they start to sit round the table . eddie yeah , well , we will have colour soon . once you can rent ‘em - rita look to Eddie who take up he knife and fork . rita Eddie ... we can not go talkin’ about colour . we be not pay for the fridge yet . and the three piece be still on tick . ( he frown ; so ? ) and now we get all this unrest at work . eddie ( realise ; laugh ) that ! you have a vote , rita . unrest 's when you actually come out and strike ! rita 's face fall and Eddie look immediately guilty . eddie ( cont 'd ) hey , come on ! do not look like that . I be only jokin 's ... I be proud of you . we all be ... stickin’ to you gun ... we have a book goin’ on the shop floor : no one think you have even take the vote . so - ( nod positively ) well do ! Sharon smile at she mother , too . rita look from she , back to Eddie . she be not sure quite how to take the comment and finally she shrug . 10.08.09 orange revision 10.08.09 orange revision 19 rita well ... it be not just a vote now . we get a meetin’ tomorrow . with all the boss ... and I be goin 's . her family stare back , stunne . she avoid eye contact . rita ( cont 'd ) so ... I will plate you tea up , in the mornin’ . then if I be a bit late back , you will just need to heat it through . Eddie nod relieved . and rita feel suddenly pique . rita ( cont 'd ) apparently we go to a berni Inn . on we way there . she take a mouthful of she own food , still look at Eddie , a twinkle in she eye . 24a ext . berni inn - day 24a we see connie , rita , Albert and monty enter the berni Inn . 25 int . berni inn - day 25 Red velour and a deep blue carpet . and in a far corner of the restaurant , rita and connie , face Albert and monty around a table . the two man wear dark suit , rita and connie smart dress ; both have they hair set . monty reach across and pour more Blue nun into a wine glass beside he empty pint pot . then he carry on talk to Albert in hushed tone . rita finish a slice of Black Forest gateaux and moan with delight . connie it 's alright , innit ? rita and that steak ... connie ( whisper ) it 's monty , insist we come here , you know ... Long as the union 's payin 's ... rita smile . just as monty lean across . monty here , rita ... Word of advice - he stop ; use the corner of the menu to poke between he tooth . rita stare . 10.08.09 orange revision 10.08.09 orange revision 19a monty ( cont 'd ) - when we get there . do not be lure in . if they seem to be askin’ you a question , just look at you notebook and I x11 have it . above all , if I nod , you nod . 10.08.09 orange revision 26 27 10.08.09 orange revision 20 Albert stare at rita . she nod . but he keep he eye on she . however , monty wave to a waiter - albert monty ? monty what ? think we have have one o’ they liqueur coffee . panatella maybe - albert yeah . we could ... it 's just ... if we do not go now , we will end up bein’ on time . monty consider Albert . the waiter arrive . monty yeah . just the bill please . Albert glance at rita . int . ford headquarters , warley - day 26 a young secretary rush about she office . secretary I ... I be sorry ... we be not expect you until - she check she appointment book . Albert and the other be crowded around she desk , just inside the office . albert that 's quite alright . secretary I be not sure Mr hopkins - albert honestly . it 's not a problem . just let he know , we be here , anyway ... at half past . as arrange . ( she look confuse , then hurry to a inner door ) and there 's four of we . if you need a extra chair . rita smile slightly , look to Albert ; sly old dog . int . meeting room - day 27 now rita exhales , frustrated . she sit in a dark , hot room with no window . it be silent . 10.08.09 orange revision 10.08.09 orange revision 21 peter hopkin Ford 's head of industrial Relations , late thirty , sit beside two other man , grant and jone both middle age , face monty , Albert , rita and connie . rita glance at the clock . four fifteen . a black suite penthouse stewardess serve tea and coffee , no one say thank you except rita . finally - grant on a previous occasion , in a free vote , the girl agree to the new grade structure - — albert they do not agree , however , as to where they would end up on it . which be why we be sittin’ round this table ! silence again . rita fidget . hopkin look . I understand what the girl be say . I just do not think that they appreciate - monty I would rather you do not speak for the girl , Mr hopkins ... none of we here know what 's in they head . that comment make rita look across . she turn to connie . her eye be firmly on she note pad still . hopkin the fact remain , there be a formal grievance procedure already in place . and the machinist 's case will be hear . what we can not do , be let they jump the queue - ( rita frown ) - or every other Ford employee who be wait on a decision , will want we blood ! monty peter. look ... you know I . I be not get no axe to grind with Ford . be I right or be I right ? hopkin you have always be very fair . monty exactly ... and we be all man of the world so - rita look to Albert . this be get too much . 10.08.09 orange revision 10.08.09 orange revision 22 monty ( cont ’d ) - let 's cut to the chase , shall we ? we 'il agree to re-convene in two week time - Albert stiffen . rita look appal . albert monty ? - monty wait. listen ... we will re-convene ... and we will come back down here again for the day ... and at that point , you 's 1ll guarantee to look into the girl 's complaint . albert the thing be , monty - monty that way ... you can go back to you boss and say the strike 's off , ' cause of how you handle today 's negotiation ... and we can go back to the girl and say they be now you number one priority ... in a few week time . hopkins glance at the other Ford man ; count to three . hopkin that seem very fair . albert yeah , well , I be not sure the girl - monty the girl will be fine ! so long as they know they be not just gettin’ fobbed off by the management : the union 's settin’ the term . that 's what matter - — rita ( 0.s. ) bollock ! all head turn . and rita blink . but it 's say . and she mean it , she realise . she turn - — rita ( cont 'd ) I be sorry Albert but ... it be . bollock ... Three hour , we have be sittin’ here now and - ( to monty ) '' that 's what matter to the girl ? '' how're you qualified to talk about what matter ? to we ?... ( more ) 10.08.09 orange revision 10.08.09 orange revision 23 rita ( cont 'd ) ( look to connie who stare back amaze ) what matter be this - she reach into she bag and throw a pile of vinyl cutting , of the kind we see she machine at the start , in front of hopkins . rita ( cont 'd ) there . you put they together - ( spread they out ) 13 different bit . that make up a head rest cover ... grant Ford property , I believe - rita oh , get stuff - ( to hopkins ; on track ) what matter be that we have to take they 13 different bit of material and imagine how they fit together ... 's cause there be not no template ... and then we have to sew ‘em , all free hand , into the finish article ! same with seat cover and door trim . and that be not unskill work . which be how you have re-grade we ! Christ , you have to take a exam to get on we line - hopkin please , miss - rita Mrs !... o’ grady . hopkin Mrs o' grady , I understand you grievance . but -— rita oh , no ! no , no , no , no ... do not start with all that again ; all that I appreciate , I sympathise ... it be not difficult : we be entitle to semi-skilled . and the wage what go with it - ( hopkins make to speak ) and !... as regards queue jumpin’ , we put this complaint in month ago - ( Albert be impressed ) - and you do nothin’ about it . and we both know why you do nothin’ n’all , do not we ? ' Cause we be woman and the woman have never go on strike . this be the first time we have even suggest it . ( more ) 10.08.09 orange revision 28 10.08.09 orange revision 24 rita ( cont 'd ) which mean you think you could keep ignorin’ we ... well , hard bleedin’ cheese , mate , ' cause it 's too late now ! Albert 's face . and connie 's . rita ( cont 'd ) we be gonna do what we say we would . no more overtime and a immediate twenty four hour stoppage . and where it go from here , that 's up to you . Cause we only open we gob when we mean it ! rita stand . a moment . the other stand too , daze . the meeting be clearly over . ext . ford headquarters , warley - afternoon 28 rita drag on a cigarette by Albert 's car , a old Ford corsair . she look worried . connie be with she . she look nervous too . the reason be about twenty yard away , by a phone box : Albert be raile at by monty . after a moment monty storm into the box and dial . Albert walk back . albert he 's call branch . tellin’ ‘em what you say . rita ( nod ) he seem a bit ... she shrug , awkwardly . they all look back to the phone box . monty rant . then Albert fix rita with a stare and point a spindly finger . and he grin . albert I know .... I know . up there - ( tap head . she frown ) I want clever , rita . that 's why I pick you . ( she be stunne ) bringin 's they cuttin 's in , though ... that be magnificent ... I do not expect that : you would come prepare - rita oh , no . no. grant be right . I be nickin’ they ... Eddie use ‘em to patch up he tent . for when we go campin 's ... she nod at Albert apologetically . he stare . 10.08.09 orange revision 10.08.09 orange revision 24a albert yeah . well ... all the same ... 10.08.09 orange revision 29 30 31 10.08.09 orange revision 25 and he walk off with as much dignity as he can muster . at the car , he turn . he look rita in the eye . albert ( cont 'd ) leave monty to I . rita be wrong foote by Albert 's rapid re-focus . connie step forward - connie and what about the factory ? the girl . what you gonna say to they ? albert I be not gonna say anythin’ , con . you be in charge on the shop floor . they be you business . he smile and duck down into he car . connie turn to rita . connie you can speak to ‘em . it 's you bloody fault . she cross to the car , too . and we see she be hide a smile , too . she clamber into the car . on rita . worried . int . river plant - afternoon 29 the girl be all hard at work when the hooter sound . Brenda and eileen start to make themselves decent but then stop when they see who it be : rita , stand on a bench , look out over they . connie be beside she , at ground level . a beat . rita hesitates , glance to connie , then look back again . she shout : rita everybody out ! a huge roar and the woman push to the exit . ext . westminster — day 30 Big Ben boom out and a new day dawns . int . barbara castleas westminster office - day 31 another pair of bare foot , the stockinge sole of which scratch a itch beneath a large desk . then , we see a sign on the desk : secretary of state for employment and productivity and behind it , the petite figure of a woman with flame red hair , pour over a huge pile of manila file . 10.08.09 orange revision 10.08.09 orange revision 26 barbara castle now , I realise this be my first day in the job ... and it may be that I be miss something here - she speak in a thick Lancashire accent which have posh up over the year . she look up and stare at two clean cut man in they twenty , she undersecretary , who sit opposite . then she stand and walk from behind she desk . she pace the room . barbara castle ( cont 'd ) but what I do know , be that when we be elect two year ago , it be on a wave of optimism , that the Labour Party would utilise it 's close relationship with the union to develop manufacturing industry ; to make it better serve the employer and the employee the man glance at each other uncertainly . undersecretary I think that be part of the manifesto - barbara castle it be , trust I . her tone be entirely rhetorical . she stare at the man . then she look even more censorious - barbara castle ( cont 'd ) so what exactly have you be do ? since nineteen sixty six ? undersecretary # 2 I - barbara castle two year ! this department have have two year to make a difference . yet - ( stop herself ) well ... shall we see what 's be achieve in the last twelve month ? she go back to she desk ; check note - — barbara castle ( cont 'd ) 26,000 strike . in the United Kingdom . with 5 million work day lose as a result . union and management barely speak to each other . productivity level through the floor and we balance of payment the wrong side of catastrophic ... it 's hardly the stuff to set champagne cork pop , be it ? she stop ; gather herself . 10.08.09 orange revision 32 10.08.09 orange revision 26aa barbara castle ( cont 'd ) however , it be my intention to reverse this trend ... I have my own idea as how that might be achieve . but now I have like to hear you thought ... the man glance at each other . barbara castle ( cont 'd ) do not all shout at once ... ( look they up and down ) gentlemen . int . connie 's house - day 32 the front room of a small terrace ; simpler and less plush than rita 's home . George sit in a armchair by the fire . he look pale . the newspaper be fold on he lap . he blink , a pronounce tic . and then connie hurry in from the kitchen . connie here you go - she carry a fizzy glass of something . she hold it out to he . connie ( cont 'd ) down in one - he take it . but then he do not drink it . he place it on a small table beside he and sit back , pick up the paper as if she be not there . connie ( cont 'd ) you gotta drink it , George ... he look at she . surprise . Zone in again . GEORGE yeah . sorry ... 10.08.09 orange revision 10.08.09 orange revision 26a he downs it ; wince . connie it 's the latest stuff , that . it 's ... he ... reckon you will really notice a difference . they stare at each other . he manage a smile . then - GEORGE you gotta go , have you ? she hold he gaze and force a beam smile . connie it 's important . ( grab she jacket ) you know where I 'il be ... ( turn ) just do not you be late . she smile , determine . he nod , unconvincingly . then she 's off . George watch the close door . 10.08.09 orange revision 33 10.08.09 orange revision 27 ext . river plant - day 33 a great mob of the strike woman be gather by the lock River Plant gate . several of they wave placard and banner , excited , call out to the many man who be cycle into the main plant - bloke up the striker ... specially you Brenda - brenda ( flick vee ) you wish ! bloke two gaaaaarn ... give ‘em what for - rita smile at Eddie who grin and wink as he sail by on he bike . dave get stick in , girl ! eileen spot Dave as he cycle in . she wave proudly . Sandra , jiggling a banner , shout out - sandra we want respect ! rita and Brenda turn to Sandra . she wear tight slack , a tight blouse and be heavily make up . brenda what you do to you eye ? 10.08.09 orange revision 34 35 36 10.08.09 orange revision 28 sandra they be amazin’ , be not they ? I best friend show I how . eileen this be a demonstration , you know , Sandra - sandra and I be demonstratin’ ... ( conspiratorially ) there 's scout everywhere ! that 's how twiggy get discover . just walkin’ down the street - brenda up West , you dozy sod . not dagenham - another whistle of support . connie lean in to rita . connie I can not believe we do this ... rita least they know we be serious now . and we be not quite as helpless as everyone seem to think we be . rita look proudly across at the girl - int . river plant - afternoon 34 hopkins be uneasy . he walk through the empty River Plant and look at all the idle machine . ext . ford headquarters , michigan —- morning 35 the sun beat down on one of the great Lakes . then we see a gleam building , sit in a wide , open , vista . in front of the building , glint in the brightness be a sign : ford motor company , USA . int . ford headquarters , michigan - morning 36 Air conditioning hum . in a light and airy space , a man in he mid forty drop food into a huge aquarium whilst speak on the ' phone . tooley Peter , Bobby here ... what can I do for you ...? 10.08.09 orange revision 37 10.08.09 orange revision 28a int . ford headquarters , warley - afternoon hopkins sit in he cramped and dingy office , a old electric fan ding on a filing cabinet behind he . 10.08.09 orange revision 37 38 39 10.08.09 orange revision 29 hopkin we have get another dispute , I be afraid - int . ford headquarters , michigan —- morning 38 tooley another one ? who be it this week ? he turn from the tank . that be new . ext . river plant — afternoon 39 baby come back by the equal blast from a transistor radio around which several of the girl dance . a crate of beer lie on the floor . deck chair have now be find , also , and many of the woman sit in they , eat ice cream wafer which eileen dispense from a large box . a bin wagon pass and the driver slow , lean out - driver it 's a lot more fun on you picket than ours usually be . I might join you later . monica it 's woman only , love . the girl laugh , the bin waggon pip and accelerate away , swerving past a van which pull up beside the woman . written on the van 's side be : a.a. horovitz greengrocer . the door open and Brenda get out . she have several brown paper bag in she arm . brenda tea 's up ! bananas , apple , pear ! the girl rush over to help themselves . then from the van step Mr horovitz , about twenty five and very good look . he also look , however , exhaust . he remove Brenda 's bike from the back of the van and place it on the side . Brenda wave to he . brenda ( cont 'd ) thanks for the ride , Arthur ! he nod , embarrassed , clamber in and zoom off . the girl be open mouth . eileen Brenda !... you never - 10.08.09 orange revision 10.08.09 orange revision 30 brenda why ? he 's gorgeous ... and just as I be leavin 's with the fruit , he go : '' I believe all the worker of the world should unite . '' and I think to meself , I can help you with that one straight away , mate . she bite a apple and sit . suddenly connie smile . connie yeah , well , much as I would like to hang around , discussin’ solidarity for another eight hour ... I date 's here - George cross the road . he look immaculate , wear a suit , he hair neatly brycleem . a couple of whistle as he stop . he smile . but he still look slightly hollow eye . rita do not you scrub up nice ... what 's goin 's on ? connie ( thrilled ) you make it . GEORGE it 's we anniversary ... rita what ? a chorus of the girl call out connie 's name , coo and clap . rita ( cont 'd ) why do not you say something - connie I do not wanna make a fuss ... ( brighten ) so , say '' up yours '' to the management from I , will you ?! we be off . she leave to shout of ' bye 's and ' enjoy yourselves 's . brenda right . who 's for a game of pontoon ? - she produce card . just as there be a immense rumble of thunder . moan from the girl . eileen I know it be too good to last - 10.08.09 orange revision 10.08.09 orange revision 31 sandra it will be fine - and the rain come . squeal from the girl as they rush about and gather up stuff . monica what we gonna do ? Pubs be not open - rita , gather placard , look at she watch . rita I dunno ... we have do a full day - sandra and I promise I mum I would cook tea . rita ( grin ) sod it ! we register the protest ... hooter 's blowin 's the girl cheer . the whole group run around , pack , shouting hurried good by and disperse . brenda hey and rita !- ( rita look round ) well do ! ( rita frown ) be you gob get we here , wannit ? Brenda leave . beat . rita smile . 40 int . cafe - day 40 Albert 's Pov as he watch rita struggle with the placard , he bang on the window to get she attention , she come over to the doorway of the café . rita Albert - albert just be round you house . he wipe he face with he hanky . rita watch he . rita why ? 10.08.09 orange revision 10.08.09 orange revision 31a albert Cause I think you have 'a go home age ago ... I be lucky if I can get the lad to hold out the full hour - 10.08.09 orange revision 41 10.08.09 orange revision 32 Albert notice the placard and smile . he then look to rita who stare at he expectantly : albert ( cont 'd ) oh ... I want a quick chat , be all ... ( indicate cafe ) Fancy a cuppa ? rita I can not . sorry ... I tell Graham I have meet he from school . albert ( check time ) you get twenty minute ' fore they tip out , be not you ? she frown ; that 's rather insistent . he look up from he watch , meeting she gaze . he smile . albert ( cont 'd ) I be buyin’ . int . cafe - day 41 rita stare as Albert spoon three sugar into he tea . he stir and look at she . she wait , a little edgy . then he add one more . she make to speak - he stir again - rita Albert , come on ! cough it up ! he look she in the eye . albert alright ... you will not win . rita what ? albert this battle ... you be gonna lose - rita but ... we get a case . you say so . we - albert oh , do not get we wrong . you might get Ford to back down over the gradin’ thing but ... I be talkin’ big picture . and in that case , you be not even in the frame - 10.08.09 orange revision 10.08.09 orange revision 33 rita ( irritate ) what do you mean we be not - — albert -' Cause this dispute 's get nothin’ to do with what skill level you be ! Ford 's decide to give you less money ' cause they can ... they be allow to pay woman a lower wage than man . she stare at he . albert ( cont ’d ) and not just Ford neither . the whole country , rita . woman gettin’ less ... because they be woman ... she stare at he . she 's already there but dare not say it . he shrug . albert ( cont 'd ) you 'il always come second , you 's 1ll always be dependent , you will always be fightin’ for the scrap from the top table as long as - rita - we be not get equal pay ... albert oh , rita , if you know how thick most of the bloke I deal with be ... she stare . it make sense . but she 's scared . she look away . a second . she look back , a new think in she head - rita why ? why you bother about we gettin’ the same as the man ? he stare ; know rita will accept only the whole truth . he smile fondly . albert I get bring up by I mum ... I and I brother . I dad clear off when we be nipper , so ... ( nod ) she work all she life at ranley and cooper . Ball bearin 's ... she pay aunt lilly for lookin’ after we durin’ the day and ... he stare , force back the emotion . then to rita : 10.08.09 orange revision 10.08.09 orange revision 34 albert ( cont 'd ) -.. it be hard . especially cause she get pay less than half what the bloke in the factory be gettin’ . for doin 's the same work ... but there be never any question it could be different ... not for she . ( smile , fondly at rita ) you remind I of she , actually , rita ... you get heart and ... brain and - ( frown ) - and someone have to stop that exploitin’ bastard from gettin’ away with what they be doin’ for year ! he look back , he eye film with water . albert ( cont 'd ) and you can . you can . if you make you battle focus on the right target . rita stare , suddenly energise . but she 's scared , too . rita what about connie ? she 's shop steward . we vote for she - albert and she 's magnificent , rita ! at organizin’ . and implementin’ . but this need ... a leader . to inspire the girl . to make the issue clear . and that be not she . not at the moment - — ( rita make to speak ) and she know it . ' Cause I have already speak to she . ( rita be shocked ) and she 's more than happy to let you have a go ... more than . ( touch she arm reassuringly ) look ... do not say nothin’ now . it 's a big thing , I know that . just ... sleep on it , will you ? and let I know tomorrow ... ( smile , nod ) here . I 'il take they . least I can do . he pick up the placard and go . rita watch he . ext . school - day 42 rita glance at she watch as she hurry towards the school . a group of the mother wait . all under umbrella . rita hesitates . lisa ( 0.s. ) do you want to wait in here ? 10.08.09 orange revision 10.08.09 orange revision 34a she turn . a brand new Ford escort be park by the kerb , and lisa be poke she head out of the driver 's side window . rita recognise she immediately . 10.08.09 orange revision 43 10.08.09 orange revision 35 lisa ( cont 'd ) we have meet . in the corridor outside Mr Clarke 's class . ( rita stare . Lisa shove open the passenger door ) please - rita glance at the other mother and suddenly feel a surge of opportunity . with she nose in the air , she hurry over and climb in . int . car -— day 43 rita arrange herself . rita I be drippin 's ... lisa it 's fine . really ... I have be hope to bump into you for a day or two actually . ( rita stiffen ) I wonder if you have care to sign a letter ...? to the headmaster . I be make a formal complaint ; about Mr Clarke 's use of the cane - rita what ? lisa he seem to think my so n 's - rita you mean ... you be there for the same reason as I ? lisa yes ... he be ... indiscreet enough to mention why you have be in ... I think he be suggest something hormonal be happen about the school - ( bitter ) we should all calm down a bit . rita - he just fobbed I off . he ... I mean ... I have get it all work out in I head ; what I be gonna say only - lisa oh , you do not talk to Mr Clarke . you listen ... ( scoff ) he 's a bully ... that 's why he beat they all - 10.08.09 orange revision 44 45 10.08.09 orange revision 36 Lisa stop . rita stare at she impassion face . and relief flood she body . rita you get a pen , then ? Lisa pass across the letter and pen . rita sign . hand everything back . rita ( cont 'd ) - that first time , when I see you ... ( Lisa frown , confuse ) you be bein 's polite , not mentionin’ it , I know you be , only ... I be upset . as I say and ... I never use that sort of language normally . lisa do not you ? I call Mr Clarke a complete cock ... rita be stunne ; Lisa smile . Children be now pour out of the school . lisa ( cont 'd ) here they be ... Lisa get out . rita , too . ext . school - day 44 Lisa have a umbrella which she erect and then she move over to rita who stand beside she , beneath it . rita glance across and suddenly , emboldene - rita that dress - — ( Lisa turn , frown ) I see it . in vogue ... it really suit you . lisa thank you ... it 's biba . a second . Lisa look back to the child . rita do too . and she chest swell ever so slightly . int . rita 's house - day 45 rita place a mug of tea on a bedside table . Eddie be doze but now he open one eye . rita slip back into bed , she red , nylon nightie crackle , and prop herself up against the headboard . 10.08.09 orange revision 10.08.09 orange revision 37 eddie ta , love ... ( frown ) what time be it ? rita six - eddie we get another half a hour - rita ( distract ) yeah . sorry . I be awake anyway , so ... she trail off . a beat . he turn on he side . eddie well , now you be ... shame to waste a opportunity -— he nibble she hip . she giggle . rita Eddie ! he pull himself up she body and kiss she neck . she 's not really in the mood , though . eddie what ?... what 's up ? rita nothin 's ... I be ... I get stuff on I mind ... ( she turn ; dare she ? ) which ... I do not say nothin’ about last night ' cause I want to get straight in I own head first - eddie get what straight ? she look at he for a long moment . rita I have decide to get a bit more involved . in the dispute . 10.08.09 orange revision 46 10.08.09 orange revision 38 eddie what dispute ? it 's happen ... it be yesterday . rita yeah , but ... it be not settle yet , be it ? eddie no , I know but ... you have make you gesture . that 's all I mean - rita it be not a gesture . it be a... strike ... to get somethin’ ! eddie Fine ... it 's not worth rowin’ over , be it ? he smile . then kiss she shoulder several time . eddie ( cont 'd ) you get my support , rita . you know that . whatever you wanna do . rita good . thank you ... ( he kiss she again ) you be not just sayin’ that , be you ? eddie ( still kissing ) hmmm ? — rita ' Cause you get a ulterior motive ! he finally straighten and look at she . eddie what 's that mean ? she stare at he honest , open face . she grin . rita I ' 1l show you . she kiss he and they slide down the bed . ext . river plant - day 46 rita place she bike in the rack . she smile as Brenda dismount , too . but then , both stare open mouth as Sandra arrive - in a pair of tiny short and a blouse tie just below the bust . Sandra struggle to get she leg over the bike seat . 10.08.09 orange revision 10.08.09 orange revision 39 brenda bloody hell Sandra , I think you have have a bit have shrinkage in the wash - sandra they be hot pants . they be Mary quant 's - — brenda well you should give ‘em back to she . they look fuckin’ painful - rita I think they look nice . Long as you can breathe - sandra course , I can ... and it 's what Brenda say , innit : it be not knightsbridge ... dagenham . so if you be gonna get spot , you have to stand out that bit more . well , I be doin 's ... she walk off . Brenda watch she , then look to rita . brenda come on ... she set off after Sandra but just as suddenly stop and turn back . brenda ( cont 'd ) wannit great , though ? yesterday . rita ( surprised ) bein 's on strike ? brenda yeah . chance to be different ... be lovely . ( smile ) felt like it all night . rita what do you do ? brenda met the veg man , get blind drunk , then go back to he place . rita ( confuse ) but -— brenda oh , it be different , rita ... ( wink ) just ask he . 10.08.09 orange revision 47 10.08.09 orange revision 39 a she happily wander in . rita scoff and follow . int . river plant , corridor - day 47 rita , a hint of a smile still on she face , walk towards the factory floor , pull she overall around she waist as she go . 10.08.09 orange revision 48 10.08.09 orange revision 40 but then she stop . the notice board be directly ahead . on it , machinist rate of pay : men : £ 19 7s 6d women : £ 13 4s 2 d rita stare . she look determine . then uneasy . int . factory floor - morning 48 rita walk onto the floor . she stare at connie 's space : still unoccupy . she begin to thread up she machine . then she grab some cutting . and finally connie rush in - connie I be here ! just ... Christ - she grab she bowl and place it on the floor . then she pull she overall down and she stop - as she see rita stare at she . rita connie , listen . I - connie ( shaking head ) rita - rita no ! I have to say it ! for I ! ( stare at connie ) if I be to get involved with Albert , con , it 's only cause ... I get a gob on I ... you be the heart beat of this place . you always will be . connie smile , fondly . then : connie rita ... look at I . all at six 's and seven 's ... again - ( quietly ) I get enough on I plate at the moment , without takin’ on the whole of british Industry ... ( nod ) you can do it . and you should . rita stare at connie ; make to speak . but the hooter sound and the machine start up . the woman smile and get down to work . 10.08.09 orange revision 49 50 10.08.09 orange revision 41 int . river plant - day 49 rita finish a item , then notice Sandra , tongue out , carefully complete a piece . she be pleased . then the hooter go and the girl look across , on the point of get dress . but it be Brian , so they simply continue . he look frustrated . then scared ; as he realise he must enter anyway . this he do and at every bench the woman jiggle they bit , wolf whistle and generally make life hell for he . brenda hello Brian ... that a cotton bob you get in you pocket ?... or be it a hard on ? he reach into a sack he be carry and shove a letter straight at Brenda . she frown but soon all the girl have they . rita open she envelope and read . she look furious and then catch connie 's eye . a second and rita march off . as she arrive at the door , Albert appear , in he Ford overall , come for she decision . she march past he , thunder on she face , glance once at he as she stride on . he grin . albert ( to himself ) that a yes , then ? and then , he set off after she . int . canteen - afternoon 50 monty Taylor , in he suit and Union badge , stare at the letter . Albert be by he side . they be surround by the girl . monty ignore it . rita ignore it ? monty Standard issue . Day after a walk out . rita have you see the language ? ( eileen and Brenda nod ) " you flagrant and aggressive disregard for the exist complaint procedure '' ... tone of that - monty they do not mean it . 10.08.09 orange revision 10.08.09 orange revision 41aa rita so why they sayin 's it ...? monty ' Cause ... that 's how we have always do it . all the other strike . it 's like the rule — 10.08.09 orange revision 10.08.09 orange revision 41a rita oh , no ! ( snatch letter back ) ( more ) 10.08.09 orange revision 10.08.09 orange revision 42 rita ( cont 'd ) we be not playin’ that game ... we be not you man , remember . we be we . and we will not be address in this manner . ( cheer of agreement . rita stare at the girl ) all that in favour of not only maintainin’ but increasin 's we current industrial action by goin 's to a immediate all out stoppage until a equal pay settlement be reach - monty what ? monty have speak for they all . muttering of '' equal pay ? '' be hear everywhere . rita turn to the girl : rita well , why not ? ( stare at the trust face of the girl ) that 's what this dispute be really about , innit ?! rita suddenly point to the lad see earlier . he sweep out the canteen now . rita ( cont 'd ) they have put we on the same rate as brushin’ Brian ! the lowest rate in the whole factory ... despite the fact that we have get considerable skill . ( a few mumble '' true '' ) and there 's only one possible reason for that ...‘ Cause we be woman , and in the work place woman get pay less than man - no matter what skill they get ! ( more support . agreement . shout now . ) which be why we gotta demand that from now on , there 's a level playin’ field and rate of pay which reflect the job you do , not whether you have get a dick or not - ( cheer of support ) this strike be about one thing and one thing only : fairness ! ( to monty ; point ) equal pay or nothin 's ! ( huge cheer ; rita turn back to the woman ) all that in favour ? ( every hand go up ) everybody out !!!! 10.08.09 orange revision 51 52 53 54 55 10.08.09 orange revision 43 another cheer and rita walk to the exit , stop by the door as a wave of the girl pass she and empty the building . monty look panicked and glare at Albert . Albert shrug with a wry smile . albert nothin 's to do with I . the woman sweep out . omitted 51 int . hopkin office - afternoon 52 hopkins look stunne . he stand beside a window hold open by a block of wood . hopkin a all out stoppage ?! monty fidget before hopkins 's desk . monty also ... the specifics of the strike ... it 's widen out a bit - int . hopkin office - afternoon 53 hopkins appear in he doorway . he be ashen . he look at he secretary , then he mutter to himself : hopkin Christ ... int . ford headquarter 's , michigan - morning 54 tooley listen on the phone . he be deadpan . tooley shit. int . union office - evening 55 bartholomew fuckin 's ada ! clive bartholomew , sixty , bearded , stare at monty . another middle age man , rogers , also glare at he . 10.08.09 orange revision 56 57 10.08.09 orange revision 44 bartholomew ( cont ’d ) equal pay ! what be you thinkin’ , monty ? monty it be not I ... it be Albert . he ... he go behind I back - rogers really - monty he 's a loose canon . he - ( grasp at straw ) I get he with I ... you wanna haul someone over the coal , he 's you man ; the bloody trouble maker . a beat . bartholomew and Rogers exchange a glance . then bartholomew nod to monty . int . union office , ante chamber - evening 56 Albert , still in Ford overall , sit on a chair wait . monty enter . he look at Albert and sigh theatrically . monty I try to protect you Albert . but you be gonna get such a fuckin’ bollockin’ ... Albert consider monty and nod . he stand . int . union office - evening 57 Albert sit on another chair in the middle of the room . bartholomew pace up and down for a moment . then - bartholomew this be awkward , Albert , you know that , do not you ? it jeopardise a whole ... raft of other negotiation the union already at loggerhead with the management over - rogers not to mention protocol . there 's way of goin’ on strike . right way and wrong way - bartholomew look ... comrade ... basically , you encouragin’ this woman ... to get all militant - 10.08.09 orange revision 58 10.08.09 orange revision 45 rogers - shift the resource away from the bloke ... who let 's be straight , be the one at the coal face - bartholomew we be not unsympathetic ! but ... as a union ... we have to remember who come first ... the Communist Party . and marx himself say : '' Men make they own history . '' that 's man , Albert ! monty sigh . he do warn Albert . Albert smile . albert do not he also say : '' progress can be measure by the social position of the female sex '' ... or be that a different marx ? be that groucho ? bartholomew make to respond but Albert stand : he turn now . albert ( cont 'd ) equal pay ! across the board ! you tellin’ I that be not worth fightin’ for ? course it be ! and you know it ! only cause have all the in -fightin’ and the prejudice and the sixteen other union down at Ford all lookin’ after they own little patch , you be not even try , have you ? well , you listen to I . this ... rita ... she 's get a bigger set of ball than the three of you put together and she be not scared of layin’ ‘em on the line neither , so I , for one , be gonna help she and if you be , what you say you be , a organisation pledge to support its member - which everyone of they girl most definitely be - then you will get off you fat , lazy arse and you will help she , too ! good fuckin’ evenin ! he storm out of the room . Rogers look to bartholomew . they be fuck . a beat . they turn on monty , furious . he cower . music start : born to be wild - steppenwolf : " get you motor runnin 's ... '' ext . dagenham town hall - day 58 a rally in front of the town Hall before about fifty people . Albert be on the platform with various other official . a banner read a fair day pay for a fair day work . rita be there , too . Albert finish speak and rita nervously step forward . a long pause . and then rita see connie , Brenda and the girl . she begin - 10.08.09 orange revision 59 60 61 10.08.09 orange revision 46 rita ( falter ) I ...work at Ford ... as a machinist and ... I be here to put we point of view . about what 's goin 's on and how , it be not fair . and also , how it 's part of somethin’ bigger ... much bigger ... which be equal pay ... she continue . a man in a threadbare coat , a camera around he neck , take out a notebook and start write . headline : dagenham girl striker -is dropped onto the tressel table in the newsagent . and then further image from the burgeoning dispute be inter -cut with more newspaper article . they start SMALL but get bigger , moving up the page as the strike grow . ext . dagenham high STREET - day 59 rita address a crowd of onlooker . thirty or so girl be gather around she , include connie and Sandra who hold up a banner proclaim : support the ford machinist . pass be a group of West Ham fan on the way to a match with scarve and rattles . several stop and listen . rita sound much smoother . rita ' Cause basically , Ford 's do what they have , award we a pay cut , ' cause they think no - one 's 1ll really notice , because we be woman . and woman 's pay have always be less than menus ... more headline : petticoat rebellion grow etc . int . river plant - day 60 Gordon and Frank arrive at the River Plant 's desert warehouse area on the forklift . they swing open two massive door . Inside , the store be pack with thousand of finish headrest , seat cover and door trim . both man look at each other ruefully . int . canteen - day 61 rita address a mass of worker . she be noticeably more confident and slicker . 10.08.09 orange revision 10.08.09 orange revision 46a rita and that 's a tactic , not just the Ford management , but all management have exploit , year after year : basin 's huge profit on a wage system which be as corrupt as it be unchallenge - 10.08.09 orange revision 62 63 64 10.08.09 orange revision 47 a couple of man glance at each other and nod ; fair point . headline : ford striker lead women 's rights move rita ( cont 'd ) which beg the question , why ? why be it like that ? and the answer be , we ! because we have never say no . int . ford MAIN plant - day 62 in the more modern main plant , we see Albert , then Dave who be hold up a copy of the dagenham and redbridge echo . banner headline : management deny crisis . then we hear rita 's voice , glide , over the picture . rita we have meekly step forward , despite what we have see with we mother and we grandmother and we have take we pay packet and we have tug we forelock and we have say '' thank you very much . '' well , no more ! the time have come for all woman to say : enough ! we do not accept this ! we hear applause . and see Eddie , smile bashfully , as a picture of rita , campaigning , be point out to he , beneath the banner . ext . town hall - day 63 the applause fade as rita step down from the platform . she be immediately approach by several reporter and other union official . albert rita ... she turn . Albert indicate a young man who stand away from the crush . albert ( cont ’d ) there 's a bloke here from the Times . rita try not to react . music end ext . tooley 's office - day 64 a copy of the Times lie on the polished desk in tooley 's office . tooley sit on one side of the desk and on the other be a man with a leathery face and buzz cut hair . both man stare at a plastic box in the middle of the desk . it be perforate with dark hole and have a thick power cord run from it . suddenly , from the box , a silky smooth woman 's voice emanate 10.08.09 orange revision 10.08.09 orange revision 47aa secretary ( v.o. ) Mr. hardey be ready to speak now gentleman . thank you so much for wait . tooley and kronnfeld glance at each other . a click . but then nothing . kronnfeld lose he nerve and lean forward to speak . he 's beat to it - hardey ( v.o. ) I though you boy say he could handle this ? kronnfeld stiffen . jeb hardey , sixty , boss of Ford America , have a gruff , blue collar voice . hardey ( cont 'd ) and do we even know what we be deal with here ? Socialist worker Party ; worker Revolutionary Party ; Revolutionary Communist Party ?... who 's she with ? kronnfeld glance quickly at the impassive tooley and then down , dry mouth , to a open file on he desk ; it be the duplicate of the one before tooley . a picture of rita be uppermost on both . kronnfeld take a breath and do he best . kronnfeld we do not think she 's with anyone , Sir . we do not even think she 's a communist . she 's look like she 's - hardey ( v.o . ) - she look like rita heyworth , goddamit , I do not care ! I wanna know why she 's act like this ! kronnfeld sit back , wide eye . he 's do . he 's give it he best shot . tooley , unimpress by kronnfeld 's disintegration , lean closer to the communication box - tooley the fact be , sir ... she have not get a background in politics , in or outside the union ... she husband 's a moderate , so ... we think she 's just get a beef - hardey ( v.o. ) a beef ! that 's what she 's get ? Bobby , if this woman get what she want and Ford Motors be force to introduce equal pay for man and woman in the UK ... we will end up havin’ to do it right across the world ! ( threaten ) do you understand that ? 10.08.09 orange revision 10.08.09 orange revision 47ab tooley yes , sir . hardey ( v.o. ) so deal with it ! now ! a click . beat . kronnfeld look like a man who have be involved in a road accident . but , then he sigh relief as he turn to tooley kronnfeld I guess you will be get the next flight outta here Bobby ? 10.08.09 orange revision 65 10.08.09 orange revision 47a - 48 ext . garden at number ten - day 65 Mrs Castle sigh , frustrated . barbara castle Prime Minister ... I be not sure you quite appreciate the urgency of the situation ... as of 5 pm yesterday there be 405 strike in progress nationally ... harold Wilson turn . he have a dog on a lead . Mrs Castle look at it distastefully . Wilson consider Mrs Castle and then walk on . she follow , struggle , as she heel sink into the grass . two of she undersecretary follow she . she stop suddenly . because Wilson have stop . because the dog be take a crap . he look at it fondly . Mrs Castle wince ; would say more . but Wilson be delighted by the distraction . harold wilson it 's always white when he go to the toilet . yet he never eat anything white . ( Mrs Castle be stunne ) Mary give he the odd fruit gum - barbara castle Prime Minister ! he hear she aggrieve tone ; look across , awkwardly . harold wilson I be not say I will not legislate . just - the dog now trot on . Wilson gladly follow . and Mrs. Castle , too ! she will not be deflect - barbara castle what ? we have talk about this a hundred time ... until you introduce new bill , which give I the power to regulate the union , I can not get the country back to work - — harold wilson I understand that ... ( she look hopeful ) but we need to tread carefully ; draw the union in - her heart sink . the Undersecretary lean in . 10.08.09 orange revision 10.08.09 orange revision 48a undersecretary we have to acknowledge that without the union there would be no Labour Party - she stop ; so do he . barbara castle Young man ! I be a member of the trade Union Movement while you be still at you mother 's breast ... so unless you have something to add which go beyond the blindingly obvious , I would prefer it if you keep quiet ! he slink off . Mrs Castle totter on , catch up with Wilson . she try a different tone . barbara castle ( cont 'd ) harold - he look down . she have put she hand on he wrist . barbara castle ( cont 'd ) - you ask I to do this job ; you appoint I - harold wilson you be the best man in my cabinet , Barbara , I often say that - he laugh nervously . but he joke have not deflect she . she 's stare at he . all woman . barbara castle I can not do it without you , harold - Wilson finally turn away , grap a stick at throw it for the dog . barbara castle ( cont 'd ) I need you to ... Wilson stop dead . then , from a dry throat , Wilson croak - harold wilson Jack scamp ! ( she face fall ) he 's you man . any ... impasse ... get Jack in . sit they all round a table ; beer and pork pie . straight talk negotiation ... ( nod ) he 's the way forward . Mrs Castle take a deep breath and nod . seduction fail , she 's back in war mode . 10.08.09 orange revision 10.08.09 orange revision 48b barbara castle beer and pork pie ... might not do for the latest one . down at Ford . ( Wilson frown ) 187 machinist . all woman ... perhaps get a finger buffet in , eh ? she turn , start to walk , sink , take of she shoe then stride back across the lawn , thunderous . 10.08.09 orange revision 66 67 67a 10.08.09 orange revision 49-51 omitted 66 int . tube - day 67 a city go , in suit and bowler , stand silently with many other commuter on they regular run into the City . he look uneasy . and as we pass along he carriage , we see the girl crush at its far end , chat excitedly , they protest paraphernalia cause considerable disruption . the city go look distastefully away . but then he leap and he hand go to he backside . someone have pinch he arse . then we see Brenda , close by . she smile sweetly . ext . london tube -— - day 67a the girl emerge from the tube , blink into the bright sunlight . they be gossipe madly , excited and some , a little overaw . rita come on , then , girl ! get yourselves organised ! eileen anyone fancy a wimpy ?... I be starvin 's - rita turn , distract - monica we be not get time to see the site , have we ? rita no , we have not ! now Sandra appear in tiny short and a skimpy top . she look round , urgently . sandra where 's all the press , then ? connie we be not there yet ! brenda we gotta get to parliament first , you silly sod - rita ( frustrated ) exactly ! brenda so ?... which way be it ? 10.08.09 orange revision 68 10.08.09 orange revision 51a rita look round . then she sigh , have to come clean - rita ( to girl ) I think it 's this way , be not it ? the girl all look in different direction . clearly no one know . ext . parliament - day 68 the girl arrive on a small lawn area outside the house of parliament . rita alright , lady ! this be a good spot . form up ! they put down they bag and begin unfurl the banner . 10.08.09 orange revision 69 70 71 71a 10.08.09 orange revision 52 int . barbara castleas westminster office - day 69 Mrs Castle sigh . she be leaf through more report of industrial unrest . then she become aware of the pip outside - ext . parliament - day 70 the girl be gather with they banner . a car toot ... and another . the girl wave . Men shout encouragement . a driver lean from the cab of a pass van and call across . driver here , I finish work at four . give we a call ! his mate laugh . the girl wave back , blithely . more people react and the girl shout back , giddy with excitement . connie it 's unbelievable ... I never think we have get this back - more pip and rita frown . she look up , at the banner she hold . a moment . rita Girls ... I think we be not entirely unfurl . all of they look up to the banner . it say : we want sex int . barbara castleas whitehall office - day 71 Mrs Castle look out of she window . see the banner . barbara castle I know the feel . she walk back to she stressful work . ext . westminster . day 71a outside we see connie help rita frantically untwist the banner . we want sex EQUALITY be reveal . rita , flustered , gesture for the girl to re-group . most be giggle . Reporters and photographer be approach . 10.08.09 orange revision 10.08.09 orange revision 52a through the laughter , Sandra be suddenly aware that photographer be take picture . she skip over to they . rita turn to the approach press . connie go on , rita ! tell ‘em how it be !- but rita be already step forward to meet the advance as Sandra pose , off to one side . the other stand and watch as rita be engulf by reporter . a man approach Brenda . he be scruffy , bearded . he look at she . man hello . Brenda look at he . she 's never see anyone like he before . brenda hello . he hand she a leaflet from a pile he be hold . she look at it . it 's about a political rally . when she look back up he be go . the photographer finally finish take picture of Sandra , she come over . sandra it 's quite interesting , politics . when you get down to it . 10.08.09 orange revision 72 10.08.09 orange revision 53 int . dock club - day 72 a tv image . of the protest just see , outside parliament . reporter what make this strike different - - be that it 's not about a specific pay settlement - the tv picture cut to the reporter at westminster . he talk to camera now - — reporter ( cont ’d ) - but the whole issue of sex discrimination - the tv picture cut to rita . she be be jostle outside westminster . flash bulb pop around her and microphone be shove into her face . a cheer in the background . and on screen we see - reporter ( cont ’d ) how long be the girl prepare to stay out ? reporter two it must be start to bite now - rita as long as it take - reporter two do you husband support you in all this ? another cheer in the background . eileen he have to ! rita he ...support I ... we always support the man when they come out . reporter what about the other Ford woman ; in Liverpool ? be they behind you ? rita they will be . several reporter call out . one persist . reporter three do it bother you you have be describe as a revlon Revolutionary ? 10.08.09 orange revision 73 10.08.09 orange revision 54 reporter three ( cont 'd ) have they be in touch ? about do some modell work for they . laughter from the reporter . rita smile . rita I prefer to concentrate on the issue of the strike - a photo flash . rita turn her head toward it . then the tv picture cut to outside the american embassy . tv newscaster ( v.o . ) - after the March protest in grosvenor Square , this month student riot in Paris - tv picture be replaced by a test match . dave ( v.o. ) ha ! ai not that somethin’ ? int . dock club - day 73 Dave and Eddie turn from the tv , pint in hand . eddie yeah . she 's doin’ alright . dave and she mention you ... on the television ... ( jab finger at Eddie ) you gotta smart woman there , Eddie . Eddie nod , uneasily . then smile . he glance at he watch . eddie I gotta get goin 's - dave already ? eddie I know ... I gotta fetch the kid ... ( Dave frown ) rita reckon they will not be back ' till go six , so ... I need to get ‘em sort . he smile ruefully at Dave and downs he pint . GEORGE you tell she to get she finger out . when you see she . 10.08.09 orange revision 74 75 10.08.09 orange revision 55 and for the first time we notice George , sit on a stool by the bar . he stare at he half of mild , not look at Dave or Eddie . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) go on long enough now . eddie ( laugh ) I do not think they be deliberately draggin 's it out , George - GEORGE it 's alright for you and he . two wage in the house . I have get I war pension and I have get what she earn . that 's it ... I can not afford a bastard strike . eddie I know that ... and they 'il settle it ; soon as they can . George say nothing more . Eddie nod and go . ext . liverpool factory - day a coach pull up outside a factory gate . on it be 74 write : ford , halewood . rita get off . several of the girl follow . ext . liverpool factory - day 75 rita stand on a soap box outside the main factory . she be sweat , passionate , address a crowd of woman . rita - you be doin 's the same work for Ford , here in Liverpool , that we be doin 's for ‘em down in dagenham . so you know that we job be skilled ... but I be askin’ you to think beyond that ... I be askin’ you to strike now for all woman , not just machinist , until every one of we get fairness and be entitle to the same pay as man !... will all that in favour , put they hand in the air now , please - they do . rita beam , delighted . 10.08.09 orange revision 76 77 78 79 80 10.08.09 orange revision 56 int . rita's house - early evening 76 the kid sit at the dining room table . smoke spill from the kitchen . they glance at each other . look slightly worried . int . rita 's house , kitchen - early evening 77 the kitchen be a mess as Eddie , sweat drip from he nose , try to fry a piece of liver . a huge flame leap up from under the pan as spitting oil hit the gas . Eddie leap back , cursing , then go back to the food , he jaw tight . int . rita's house - early evening 78 Eddie drop newspaper wrap fish and chip onto Sharon 's plate . Sharon glance at Graham . she be struggle not to snigger as she undoe the package and take a chip . Graham laugh out loud as he receive he bundle of food . Eddie look thoroughly piss off . omitted 79 int . bus - evening 80 the girl drive back from halewood . rita , sit at the front , with connie beside she , glance out over burnish countryside , a low red sun throbbing in the sky . across the aisle , also at the front , Sandra have a transistor radio on she lap , a single ear piece in . she start to sing , quietly as she look out of the window - 10.08.09 orange revision 10.08.09 orange revision 57 sandra once upon a time , there be a tavern , where we use to raise a glass or two - ( Brenda , next to she , look across ) remember how we laugh away the hour - Brenda start to sing . and then connie join in . brenda , connie think of all the great thing we would do - rita sing . and other , too . Sandra realise , then , smile , continue in full voice with the rest : all that be the day , my friend , we think they would never end , we would sing and dance forever and a day - ( rita laugh ) we would live the life we would choose , we would fight and never lose , for we be young and sure to have we way - 81 ext . bus - evening 81 the bus slip through the warm , summer night - all ( v.o. ) La La La La La La - 81a ext . hopkin house - day 81a hopkins open he front door and approach tooley , who be get out of a taxi . hopkin welcome . how be you flight ? tooley long. hopkin I be so sorry to drag you over . tooley they be take this very seriously . right at the top . hopkin come in . my wife 's cooking dinner ... they walk into the house . 10.08.09 orange revision 82 10.08.09 orange revision 57a int . hopkin house - night 82 hopkins pass into a modern , late sixty , detach house . tooley follow . tooley really , I do not want to be any trouble . hopkin honestly ... least I can do ... let I take you coat . hopkins wife appear in a pinny . Lisa . hopkin ( cont ’d ) Lisa ... this be Robert tooley - tooley delighted to meet you at last . lisa likewise . they shake . then hopkins hand tooley 's coat to Lisa . 10.08.09 orange revision 83 10.08.09 orange revision 58 tooley I be say to Peter ; I be quite happy to eat later ; at the hotel - hopkin nonsense ! she love to cook . ( glance at Lisa ) do not you ?.. just relax . have a drink . i’11 run you back when we be finish . hopkins pass he coat to Lisa too and usher tooley through into the sit room . Lisa look at the coat and then hang they up . int . rita 's house - night 83 rita walk into the house , excited . the place be chaotic but it seem hardly to register as she smile , see Eddie arrive at the foot of the stair . he bend stiffly to pick up some clothes , then straighten and spot she . she beam . eddie go alright , then ? rita I slaughter ‘em ! every single one come out ! eddie well do . he move into the kitchen and start to collect the plate . she follow . rita it be incredible though , Eddie ! to start with . a load of ‘em say , while they be happy to support they fellow machinist ... union solidarity and all that ... they do not actually agree with equal pay as a principal . Men deserve more ... can you believe that ? he look at she ; she ebullience . and suddenly feel troubled . but he manage a smile . rita ( cont 'd ) I ’‘1l go and check on the kid . give ' ema quick kiss . she peck he on the cheek and go . he stare at the cluttere table . his effort . anger swell . eddie yeah . I manage alright . thanks . 10.08.09 orange revision 10.08.09 orange revision 59 int . hopkin house - night 84 Lisa clear away . bottle of beer sit on the table . tooley thank you . hopkin can you bring some brandy glass back in with you ? she nod and smile . then turn to go . tooley Lisa ... you must have a quite head on you shoulder ... Peter tell I you read history . at Cambridge - lisa yeah - she nod , proudly but then suddenly become aware of the plate in she hand . she put they on the sideboard . tooley so whadda you make of we little problem ; over at the factory ? ( nod to Peter ) think maybe he 's a bit too much velvet glove and not enough iron fist ? she seem uncertain , then shrug , relax . lisa I do not actually . just the opposite . look at vauxhall . they do not appear to have any problem with the union and that seem to I because General Motors have a much more collaborative approach to management . whereas at Ford , you seem only to deal with the union because you have to ... you tolerate they . and as a result they be much more entrench and aggressive in the way that they deal with you . tooley look at she . then he smile . tooley that 's a very ... progressive point of view , Lisa . ( turn to alarmed hopkins ) be not it ? he stare at hopkins , he expression at once benign but threaten . hopkins hesitates , then turn to Lisa . he smile , but it 's a fragile thing . then - 10.08.09 orange revision 85 86 87 10.08.09 orange revision 60 hopkin cheese . lisa what ? hopkin we have ... get some stilton ... why do not you ... get that out ?... some grape . Lisa be wrong foote . she look to tooley for support . he do not meet she eye . tooley that would be terrific . hopkins smile , relieved . Lisa colour ; she be dismiss . she pick up the plate , glance at she husband and leave the room . int . kitchen - night 85 Lisa drop the plate into the sink and lean back against the drain board , tremble . on the table be a copy of the Daily mail , it 's headline : ford women fight on . beneath it be a picture of a rally and a woman speak out . there be something familiar about the woman . Lisa cross and pick up the paper . her face - as she see it be rita . ext / int . rita 's house - day 86 rita check the temperature on the oven . then she cross to she bag which be on a chair beside the set kitchen table and remove she purse . it be empty . her jaw tighten and she cross to a cupboard near the door . Inside be a metal box , full of shoe polish , cloth and brushes . also in there be a puncture repair kit . she open this and reveal some crumpled note and a few coin . she take some of the cash , not all , and shove it into she wallet . she grab she bag and hurry into the hall . ext / int . rita's house - balcony - day 87 Graham be come downstairs . rita it 's in the oven . do not burn yourself - 10.08.09 orange revision 10.08.09 orange revision 60 a he wordlessly move into the kitchen . and rita pull on a jacket . she turn and stop . Sharon be there . her hair be in pig tail . one bunch be massively bigger than the other , while one be a tangle mess . rita ( cont 'd ) what happen ? sharon dad . rita stare and go towards she . then she stop . 10.08.09 orange revision 88 10.08.09 orange revision 61 rita I gotta go see Albert . just tell he to have another go . Sharon slip into the kitchen and rita tie on a head scarf as Eddie come down the stair . she nod to the kitchen . rita ( cont 'd ) 's all ready ... ( cross to placard against wall ) you be alright gettin’ ‘em off to school , be not you ? he watch she pick up the placard . eddie course . she turn . immediately he move towards the kitchen . rita Eddie - ( he stop ) everything 's okay , innit ? he stare at she , then shrug . eddie yeah . why would not it be ? she smile , relieved and move to the door . he watch she , then finger the collar of he shirt . eddie ( cont 'd ) this be I last one . rita what ? eddie shirt . I just notice . rita ( wrong foote ) yeah ... sorry . I miss washin’ Monday . i’1l do it tonight . he nod . and walk into the kitchen . a second . rita stare at the empty doorway then leave . int . dagenham dock club - day 88 the girl be queuing up for strike pay which connie hand out from a table near the stage . there be much banter between the girl . 10.08.09 orange revision 10.08.09 orange revision 62 rita pass connie a sheet with name on it and remove one cover with signature . connie thanks rita - a young woman step forward - monica monica Dawson - connie there you go - she pass she the list . she sign and then rita hand she three note . monica stare at the money . rita it 's still three quid , love . do not matter how you count it ! monica I know ...just ... 's bout cover I rent and that 's it - eileen hey , mon ; you be short of anything , you just gotta ask - eileen be next in line . monica smile , grateful . but then she shake she head . monica no. I be alright . thanks . i’1l manage . connie it 's all the Union can afford , monica ... she nod . she know that . and she go , slip the money in she purse . eileen step forward - eileen eileen Scott . she bend over to sign . Brenda wait two or three girl behind she and light a cigarette . she suck greedily on the fag , then notice a woman wait behind she , about thirty , look longingly at the fag - brenda it 's I last one . sorry , love . she show she the empty packet . the girl smile , disappointed . she nod , look ahead , towards connie . Brenda sigh . she take she cigarette from she mouth , and tear it in two . 10.08.09 orange revision 10.08.09 orange revision 62a she light one end against the other and then give half to the girl who beam , delighted . 10.08.09 orange revision 89 10.08.09 orange revision 63 int . hopkin office - day 89 monty stand with grant and hopkins . he try to look confident . in fact , he 's uneasy . the whole room be . then , suddenly , the door burst open and tooley stride in , a file under one arm . he sling it onto a far desk as hopkins try to assert control . hopkin monty . this be Mr tooley . he - tooley I need you to break the strike for I , Mr Taylor ... as soon as you can . monty glance at hopkins who also look a little surprised . monty scoff . monty I be not sure you appreciate whose side I be on - tooley oh , yes , I do . I have be go through you file - monty file ? tooley you be on you side , Mr Taylor . monty I beg you pardon !? i- ( to hopkins ) I do not have to listen to this - he move towards the door tooley keep go ! and six month from now , you union will not exist . monty stop . despite himself . he turn back . tooley ( cont 'd ) Industry can not afford to pay woman the same rate as man . fact . if it 's force to , it will collapse under the extra wage bill , its worker will be laid off , they union subscription will disappear and so , finally , will the union which collect they . that 's you ... monty . ( more ) 10.08.09 orange revision 90 10.08.09 orange revision 64 tooley ( cont 'd ) which mean you will no longer have a reason to visit this gentleman here via - ( flip open file ) the berni Inn , be it ?... the Queen 's head , the chequer - ( look up ) jeez , that 's a lot have restaurant ... not to mention the all expense pay trip to the party conference . Union conference - ( spot something ) to Paris ! the gallic rank and file . good on you , monty ! monty blink ; afraid . tooley walk across and lean right into he . tooley ( cont 'd ) this woman get what they want , you be fuck . so why do not you start think less about what you union can do for you and more what you can do for you union ... go break the strike ! monty tremble , humiliate , then walk numbly from the office . a long silence . tooley look to the other . tooley ( cont 'd ) personnel file ... everyone 's get a weak spot . you just gotta find it . ext . river plant - day 90 the woman be now on picket before they entrance gate . they call out for equal pay , Equality ... several chant ; ' we want justice ! 's and ' support we struggle ! 's a lorry deliver supplies turn away in support of they . the woman all cheer . the lorry pip as it drive back up the road . as the lorry accelerate away rita see a figure approach - — 10.08.09 orange revision 10.08.09 orange revision 65 rita hello , love ! think you be not comin 's - ( hand across money ) get you strike pay . Albert let I have it - connie look at it , take it and nod . but she be hassle . she place she bag on the kerb beside several other , then step across to join the chat girl . rita lower she voice . rita ( cont 'd ) you alright ? connie yeah ... Fine . connie look up the road . but she be aware of rita stare at she ; not convinced . connie sigh , then step back to rummage in she bag : a diversion . rita move over . connie lower she voice . connie ( cont 'd ) - be a load have press outside the Labour Exchange . they cornere George ... ( rita be confuse ) '' have he fight for a country where the woman have turn out to be more militant than the man ? '' -— rita silly sod . connie frown ; that 's not what she mean . connie yeah . but then , a bell sound briefly . rita look across . a dark blue police van pull up . sandra what they doin’ here ? Three or four policeman get out of the van . brenda hello boy . nothin’ too physical . til we be on first name term . I be Brenda - the girl all laugh . a young PC , about twenty , speak : copper you gotta move . the hilarity stop in a instant . 10.08.09 orange revision 10.08.09 orange revision 66 rita what ? copper you be trespassin’ . rita no , we be not . we be picketin 's - copper you can not . not here . connie ( annoyed ) yes , we can . it 's we right ! copper not here ! he be firm . the girl be stunne . copper ( cont 'd ) you can do it at the bottom of the High Street - — ( point way back to town ) but this road , all the way back to town , Ford build . so it 's private property and since you be on strike you be actually out of contract which mean you be trespassin’ . you gotta move to the public highway - connie we can not turn the lorry round from there - copper I be sorry !... look , who 's in charge ? everyone look at rita but connie step forward . connie I be shop steward - rita turn , wrong foote - copper right . I need you to get this woman out of here . he nod and then open he arm wide as if to corral the woman up the road - connie get you hand off I - copper I be not touch you - 10.08.09 orange revision 91 10.08.09 orange revision 67 rita it 's alright , connie - connie no . it be not alright ! copper ( to connie ) will you just move - connie no ! rita be worried , the situation start to boil - brenda yeah , sod off ! we be not doin’ nothin’ wrong - the woman link arm . connie be on the end of the line . copper you be ! and you gotta shift ! he shove connie forward . she pull away . connie get off I ! you ignorant bugger - copper right ! lad - he beckon the other copper . and grab connie . rita leave she ! connie copper get off ! come here - connie kick she heel hard into he shin . he cry out , let go . but the other copper grab she as the girl shove back against they . a huge melee ensue . the press take photo and Sandra try to smile , even as she 's shove one way and the other . in a moment , though , connie , scream , be extract , shove in the van and the copper be away . silence immediately fall and rita look to Brenda , shocked . int . river plant , corridor - day 91 monty stand look out of a window at the aftermath of the skirmish . a pay phone be close by , on the wall . monty feel sick . 10.08.09 orange revision 92 93 10.08.09 orange revision 68 int . connie 's house - afternoon 92 a clock tick . and tick . then we see George . he sit at home . he be in a armchair but be perch right on the edge of the seat . he look at the time . then back to a spot on the far wall . he suddenly screw he eye tight shut and grimace . a second and he open he eye again . wherever he be , he 's utterly terrify . int . police station - late afternoon 93 Brenda , rita and eileen be all pile into the station and rita speak to the uniform desk clerk . she be incredulous . rita you can not just keep she in . clerk we can do what we like while she 's hysterical - rita course she 's hysterical ! she 's be in a bleedin 's police cell all afternoon - ( gather she own emotion ) please . just let I speak to she . clerk she be not allow visitor - rita I be not visitin’ ! I be tryin' to sort thing out - tooley ( 0.s. ) Excuse I !... can I help here ? tooley push through the woman . tooley ( cont 'd ) I only just find out ... a question of trespass , I gather ? on Ford property ? clerk who be you ? tooley ( push id over ) I represent Ford Motors , Sir , and we have no desire to press charge here . ( rita stare at tooley , immediately uneasy ) protest be a basic right in all free and democratic country . 10.08.09 orange revision 10.08.09 orange revision 68a clerk there 's also a matter of assault - 10.08.09 orange revision 10.08.09 orange revision 69 tooley be that so ? well , I be quite sure it be a minor thing . and with all this lady here as witness , plus the view of another of my employee who clearly see the incident with the middle age woman ... I be sure you have be just as happy as I if it go right away . the clerk hesitates , then bolt from he desk into a back room . tooley turn , smile . tooley ( cont 'd ) Robert tooley , Mrs o’ grady . a pleasure to meet you . she 's shocked he know she name . then tooley produce a card from a inner pocket . he hold it out - tooley ( cont 'd ) anytime you wanna come in , have a chat with I ... ( she take the card ) talk about settling this thing - ( she look he in the eye ) just give I a call . ( start to go ; look back ) it 's my job to make thing happen , Mrs o'grady . I can make all sort of thing happen . and he 's go . brenda Christ ... I think boris karloff be scary . rita nod , gather herself and she tumble emotion . rita it 's fine . we can handle he ... show how much they be frighten of we ... sendin 's in the heavy brigade - a cheer of support . rita make to say more - but a voice cut through . connie can we go now ... I wanna go home . connie be there ; stand by a inner door which close behind she . she be visibly upset . the girl flock to she . a half beat and rita , a little awkward , go , too . 10.08.09 orange revision 10.08.09 orange revision 69a 93a ext . connie 's house 93a connie enter she house . 10.08.09 orange revision 94 95 96 10.08.09 orange revision 70 int . connie 's house - late afternoon 94 connie close she door . she look pale . a second as she gather herself . then she walk towards the sit room , call out , brightly - connie I be back , George - but there be no - one there , he chair empty . connie ( cont 'd ) George ? she pass into the kitchen . nothing . and now she 's look slightly anxious . she call generally , to the house ... connie ( cont 'd ) I be home , love - and she hurry from the kitchen to the stair . we see she run up they . connie ( cont 'd ) George ! then we hear she upstairs . Front bedroom , back bedroom and run back down the stair . she look scared . ext . wasteland - late afternoon 95 George wander across a bleak , barren expanse of open ground . his step be jerky , rag . he look wretch . ext . dagenham estate - late afternoon 96 we hear shout from the girl . they be call George 's name as they search the estate . rita and connie appear at the foot of a twitchell . connie Christ - rita he 'il turn up - connie I say . I say I have be back at two - rita connie - connie ( shout ) George ! 10.08.09 orange revision 97 98 10.08.09 orange revision 71 rita look stress but know she must remain calm . ext . wasteland - late afternoon 97 Graham , still in school uniform , carry a football , head home . he frown ; recognise the figure sit on a fly tip bench . it be George . Graham move over . graham hello Mr andrew ... you alright ? George say nothing . there be a hint of spittle in the corner of he mouth . Graham be unsure . he glance round , then sit beside George . graham ( cont 'd ) just be playin’ football . I be Bobby Moore ... ( nothing from George ) I should get home for I tea - he start to move . but George reach out and take he hand . Graham be shocked at first ; but then he look into George 's eye and see the fear . and shock give way to worry and he finally sit back , hold the older man 's hand . ext . edge of wasteland - estate - late afternoon 98 connie , rita , eileen , monica all cry out for George . and in they all we hear the gather concern , the insistence . connie oh , God ! where be he - she seem about to set off in another direction when she stop . her breath catch . there he be . walk with Graham . Graham still hold he hand . Graham bring he home . connie 's eye fill and she run towards she husband . rita exhales , feel the gather pressure . 10.08.09 orange revision 99 100 101 102 10.08.09 orange revision 72 int . river plant - afternoon 99 Gordon sit in the empty warehouse read the paper . a man with a clipped ' tash and severely parte hair stand to one side shouting into the phone . frank do not you take that tone with I ! i- ( stop ; listen ; then - ) there be not any ! that 's what I be sayin’ : you have have ‘em all ! there be no more finish seat ... full stop ! he slam the phone down . then he take a deep breath and gather himself . he walk past Gordon who look up from he paper . gordon Frank ! Frank glance across gordon ( cont 'd ) what do you want I to do , then ? frank ( matter of fact ) go home . gordon what ? Frank stop by the door . he turn ; look serious - frank no more seat ... no more job . Frank leave . Gordon 's face as he realise he 's be laid off . he be stunne . and angry . int . ford MAIN plant - afternoon 100 the assembly line stop . int . hopkin office - afternoon 101 hopkins scramble for he phone , terrify and dial - ext . dagenham high STREET - afternoon 102 a pale rita walk through dagenham 's desert street . she be exhaust . but then , a man cycle up the hill . then another . she check she watch and frown . too early . 10.08.09 orange revision 10.08.09 orange revision 73 but more sweep by until finally , a huge tide of cyclist pass by she . one or two man glance at she as they go . finally , she stop a older man , move slowly . rita what 's goin 's on ? man you do it ... ( she be uncertain ) they have laid everyone off - ( she blink ) you have shut the factory down . he ride on . rita wobble . rita I ... I gotta see Albert . rita run off , through the tide of man flooding onto the street . 103 int . hopkin office - afternoon 103 tooley watch hopkins who pace he office . hopkin that 's it . we be buggere ! we can not make car with no bloody seat in ‘em ! he inadvertently snap a pencil he 's hold . he throw it in the bin . tooley relax - hopkin relax ! the entire workforce of my main plant be go home ! tooley good . ( hopkins blink ) this be what we want - tooley be smile , reasonable . hopkins , incredulous , make to speak - tooley ( cont 'd ) we be try to make the girl go back to work . ( more ) 10.08.09 orange revision 104 105 10.08.09 orange revision 74 tooley ( cont 'd ) and now , we have get five thousand man out of a job , as well ... they husband and boyfriend ... which mean , in a very short time , when that man can not afford they booze and they soccer and they gambling ... they 's 1l do we job for we ... int . cafe - night 104 Albert and rita stare at the facade from inside a cafe . Albert still wear he Ford overall . a note pad sit beside they on the table and several empty packet of crisp be screw up in the ashtray . albert now 's the critical time , rita . you gotta drive they girl forward - rita I know that ! she do . and he smile , nodd , acknowledge it . albert you need to keep a eye on the Union , too . now the lad have all be make redundant . they 'il be nervous . and monty ! Ford 's rattle he . I can tell . so careful what news you share with he ! she nod . meet Albert 's eye . he suddenly smile and clenches he fist . albert ( cont 'd ) hold on tight , girl . int . rita 's house - night 105 rita hurry into the house . she 's flushed . rita I be back - she nip into the kitchen which be in a mess . she open the fridge . it be bare . there be a tiny piece of cheese and after check it , she devour it . then she walk towards the front room . rita ( cont 'd ) Eddie ? she peer round the door . it 's empty . 10.08.09 orange revision 106 10.08.09 orange revision 75 int . rita 's house , bedroom - night 106 rita slip into the bedroom . Eddie be lay in bed . he be read a haynes motorcycle manual . he look across and go back to the book . rita you alright ? eddie yeah ... be busy , have you ? she be instantly energize , move to the bed and sit close , she gaze intense . rita final push , Eddie ; we gotta plan . the entire Main Plant close down . Ford can not afford that - he 's look at she now and she stop ; realise - — rita ( cont 'd ) I mean ... I be sorry , love ... it 's have to come to this . for you and the lad ... he stare . then look back to the book . eddie oh , do not you worry about we , rita ... we be sayin 's on the way out , it 's nice warm weather at the moment ; if they cut the gas off , we will hardly notice . he glance back and smile . then , it 's face in the book again . rita frown . be he joke ? she stand and move across the room and start to undress . she turn to he , however ; can not let it go . rita thing be , I know how you feel , love : gettin’ laid off . ' Cause have all they time we girl have support you man ; and it 's mean no work for we . he look across the room . his eye fiery . half a second and he put a lid on he emotion . eddie yeah . then he 's back to the book . she stiffen even more . rita if you have get somethin’ on you mind , Eddie - 10.08.09 orange revision 107 10.08.09 orange revision 76 eddie I be fine ... I have say . beat . she cross to take off she make up . rita good . Cause I be not have the easiest of day meself - click ! his half of the room plunge into darkness . rita stare across at Eddie , see he hand move from the lamp to the bed while he back remain resolutely turn towards she . int . connie 's house - night 107 connie be in bed , asleep . George be beside she . suddenly he start to pant . the panting get louder and faster , as if he be hyperventilate . connie moan , start to wake . GEORGE fuckin 's skip , fuckin’ skip- connie George - GEORGE closin 's in ! he ’s...closin 's - he shout out . connie turn on the light . connie George , George , stop it - GEORGE ahh ! ah ! he cry out the last time , wide awake . then he see it 's she . he blink , start to slow he breathe . connie it 's alright . I be here .... it 's okay . she stare . he say nothing , whimper . he look at the bed . then he curse , feel something - GEORGE oh ... he shift over . the bed be wet through . connie it do not matter . I will change it ... here - she drag he onto she side , towards the foot of the bed . he watch she . then he face twist . 10.08.09 orange revision 10.08.09 orange revision 77 GEORGE what the fuck do you care ? ( she be confuse ) you have sooner they throw we in the sanatorium ... or the fuckin’ poor house - connie ( wrong foote ) what ? GEORGE ( nodd ; manic ) I know what you be up to ... this strike . back you mate ... then when we have not get a pot to piss in , with a bit have luck , the Social 'il have I , eh ? connie ( upset ) no ! you - GEORGE and then you can move another one in ... Real fuckin’ man ... look after you proper - — connie ( angry ) do not say that !- GEORGE give you a bitta cock - connie George ! a second and he launch himself at she - GEORGE you fuckin’ cow , you - he knock she backwards and drag himself up she body . she immediately try to pin he arm to he side but he be flail , cry out , howling like a animal - connie stop it ! George ! stop it ! you be gonna hurt I ! and then we see he bite she , on the shoulder , like he be stuff a rag in he own mouth . she cry out , in pain . but she grit she tooth , bare it . and finally , he wail reach a pitch and he slump against she , spend and sobbing . connie look bereft , she own eye fill immediately . she pull he to she , hold he head against she chest . his convulse body shake the whole bed . 10.08.09 orange revision 107aa 107a 10.08.09 orange revision 78 GEORGE I be sorry ... I be sorry - she hold he . and we pull back and see they both , huddle together , in they small dark bedroom . int . hopkin office - day 107aa tooley walk into the office where grant be work . he be tense and open a drawer aggressively . grant close a filing cabinet . nothing . he sigh . but then he notice a old copy of the dagenham and redbridge echo , fold on top of the cabinet . on it be a picture of Sandra , in hot pants . grant Mr tooley ... tooley turn , eye greedy ; he hear a think there - int . brenda 's house - afternoon 107a several of the woman be hang out at Brenda 's house . monica and eileen be make tea in the kitchen while rita talk to a couple of woman in the live room . Sandra read a magazine , slightly distract . Brenda give out garden produce from a sack , hand a cauliflower to eileen - eileen thanks love - brenda no ! thanks not necessary - — she deposit the cauliflower besides monica brenda ( cont 'd ) - the pleasure be all mine . eileen smile . then - eileen here , I do not suppose you could get any fruit could you ? I have have nothin 's but cabbage soup all week - Brenda smile and open a cupboard . Inside be nothing but a large pineapple . brenda ta da ! monica bloody hell - 10.08.09 orange revision 10.08.09 orange revision 78a eileen Jesus . he must love you - monica step closer , as if look at the crown jewel - monica I have never have a real pineapple . brenda help yourself . monica no ...! brenda go on . eileen excitedly start cut it up . Brenda move to Sandra . brenda ( cont 'd ) cauliflower or cabbage ? sandra what ?... ( realise what she 's be ask ) oh ... no thanks . brenda go on . take something . sandra no I be fine . I get to go actually . she get up find she bag sandra ( cont 'd ) I 'il see you all later . monica enter as Sandra go . monica , rita , etc see you Sandra . rita she alright ? monica course she be . you know what she 's like . always wishing she be somewhere else . rita yeah . Brenda tip the sack upside down . one last cauliflower . 10.08.09 orange revision 10.08.09 orange revision 78b brenda this one 's connie 's . where be she ? I be not see she around - eileen and monica have bring out slice of pineapple . eileen do not worry . I ‘’1ll take it for she - rita no , I x11 do it ... I wanna talk to she . rita , clearly worried , slip the cauli in a straw basket . eileen rita ! it be not all you responsibility ... rita stare at eileen and smile . but it 's fragile . rita we gotta stand firm . everyone of we ! it be not easy ... and it 's gonna get harder now . Cause we be not cave in how they think we would . which mean they be desperate ... but we have get this far , so we can get a bit further ... as long as we stick together . she stop just as she 's get into she stride , the other be try to focus but really they attention be on the pineapple they be devour with loud slurp and from which they look up at rita . she sigh and smile , relax at last . rita ( cont 'd ) give we some of that - 107b omitted 107b 108 omitted 108 109 omitted 109 110 omitted 110 111 omitted 111 10.08.09 orange revision 10.08.09 orange revision 79 112 omitted 112 113 omitted 113 114 ext . rear of connie 's house - afternoon 114 rita pass down the side of connie 's house . rita connie ... you there ? she peep over the wall . connie be sit on a chair by the door , a bucket at she foot , peel potato . rita smile , stop strain and pass round the corner - rita ( cont 'd ) I bring you a present . from Brenda 's fella - she duck through the gate , hold out the cauliflower . connie look across at she . rita be still smile . she place the cauliflower on the floor beside connie . rita ( cont 'd ) plus , Albert 's be in touch ; Union 's call a meetin’ - she straighten and look at connie rita ( cont 'd ) sound important ; so we need to - connie no ... ( rita frown ) I ... I do not think so . rita ( wrong foote ) I ...? connie avoid eye contact as she clarifies what she mean . connie I be not sure I can come with you . rita what ? a beat . finally connie look at rita . connie I ... wanna step back a bit , rita - 10.08.09 orange revision 10.08.09 orange revision 79aa rita ( alarm now ) connie - connie I need to ... I feel like I - rita be panicky . rita you can not just stop - connie I be not stoppin 's ! I be still on strike . I still support you . I just - ( rita make to speak ) I can not be on the front line so much !... that 's all . rita ( scared ) but ... we need you ... at the meetin 's ( shrug ) and the young girl ; they look up to you - connie you be in charge , rita ! you want to be in charge ! of this dispute . rita look upset by that one and it force connie to turn away . she sigh and try another tack . connie ( cont 'd ) I get arrest . they put we in a cell . it 's too much for I ! again they make eye contact . and this time rita know connie 's make excuse . connie see this and exhales ; unable to keep up the pretence any longer . she scoff , sadly . 10.08.09 orange revision 10.08.09 orange revision 79 a connie ( cont 'd ) what do you want I to say , rita ? George be ill . you know that ! he 's touch . and the strike 's whippin’ everything up ... I gotta put he first - ( rita make to speak ) you do not understand ! ( frown ) I be not he wife no more . I be more like he ... sister or - ( stare at rita ) ( more ) 10.08.09 orange revision 10.08.09 orange revision 80 connie ( cont 'd ) but I be he . and that 's all he 's get leave . rita stare at she friend , she heart break . rita and I be not sayin 's you gotta give up on he , connie . just ... ( imploringly ) you count , too . you life ... and you gotta allow it to blossom , just a bit ... or the war 's gonna destroy two people , con ! and that would be so wrong . connie stare hard at rita . 115 omitted 115 116 omitted 116 117 omitted 117 10.08.09 orange revision 118 118a 10.08.09 orange revision 80a -82 int . phone BOX - estate - afternoon 118 Sandra stand very upright in the phone box . she look agitate . the ' phone ring and she grab it . sandra hello - ( posher ) hello ... yes ... yes , it be ... that 's right . I get you note , thank you . I be ... busy when you come round - ( stop ; listen ) what ? ( excited ) really ...? ( listen ; then look worried ) oh , I see ... well , I dunno , about that , I - ( listen ; brighten ) yeah ? that would be nice ... I mean , it make sense , dunnit ... okay . thank you . she hang up . she look dry mouth . but set on a course . ext . dagenham town centre - afternoon 118a rita walk through town . she approach a large brick building : Department of Labour and Social service , employment Exchange . one or two man pass inside and several more be gather in group by the gate . rita see they , cross the road , and accelerate . she slow at a bus stop . she light a cigarette with unsteady hand . then she stop . someone be there ; it be Gordon . she smile , relieved . rita hello , Gordon - gordon do not you fuckin’ hello I ! ( she blink , shocked ) you do not have to work . you get a husband . my missus do not have to . you do , ' cause it 's nice . it 's a bit extra . but you do not have to ... I have to fuckin’ work . to pay the electric and the food and the coal . the fuckin’ basic . only now I can not . I can not shift what be not there ... you fuckin’ idiot . he stride off . rita do not move , feel sick . 10.08.09 orange revision 119 120 10.08.09 orange revision 82a ext . rita's house - afternoon 119 rita , shake walk down the road , turn a corner and stop : from she house , two man be wheeling she fridge onto the back of a lorry . Eddie walk onto the doorstep , watch the scene . rita hurry over and turn to he . eddie we be not pay the hp ... last of my cash go on the electric bill . how you set ? her jaw tighten . int . rita 's house - afternoon 120 rita run angrily into the kitchen . she go straight for the shoe polish box , pull out the puncture repair kit and open it . it be bare . she look furious - 10.08.09 orange revision 10.08.09 orange revision 83 121 ext . rita 's house - afternoon 121 rita stride over to Eddie - rita you spend the money - eddie eh ? rita you spend the last of the emergency . out the repair kit . eddie I have to pay the milk man . rita why ?- eddie what do you mean - rita we could 'a keep he off till next week - eddie he want payin 's !- rita and you shoulda tell he we do not have it ! ( he make to speak ) Christ , Eddie , I be in charge of the money ! eddie well , you be not much good at it be you ! or we might have some leave ! ( she blink , shocked ; he scoff ) welcome to the real world , rita . this be bein 's on strike : you run out of cash and you end up screamin’ at each other . she stare at he , ashen . rita what happen to you ? Eddie walk back into the flat and Sharon walk out , oblivious to they argument . rita stare . sharon ( tugging at rita 's sleeve ) mum , be you come in now ? then she neighbour marge let herself in next door . 10.08.09 orange revision 122 10.08.09 orange revision 83a marge ( 0.s. ) rita ! rita turn ; rita hello , marge . she smile ; do she best . marge I think you lot be back at work ? rita no ... no we ... she look at marge rita ( cont 'd ) everything alright ? marge yeah it 's just ... I be just finish my shift and I be sure I see you Sandra ... she stop and frown - marge ( cont 'd ) rita ? rita be already hurry back to the house , Sharon grip tightly in she hand . rita Eddie ! I gotta go out . sharon but mum ... you say ... rita I be sorry love . mummy 's get to do something important , daddy will look after you ( shout ) Eddie ! omitted 122 10.08.09 orange revision 123 124 125 10.08.09 orange revision 84 ext . river plant - afternoon 123 Sandra wait outside the factory . she look nervous . she walk in . omitted 124 int . MAIN plant - afternoon 125 Music play quietly in the background as a photographer in he late forty , bearded , lean in towards Sandra . she wear a evening dress and long glove . she be position between the harsh machinery of the shop floor and a brand new Ford executive saloon . 10.08.09 orange revision 126 10.08.09 orange revision 85 photographer terrific Sandra . head a little higher . sandra like that ? she twist . look over one shoulder . she 's a natural . photographer yeeee ! beautiful ! and even as he say it , at the side , a door open and rita and the other girl rush in - photographer ( cont ’d ) bit nearer ... flat hand on the roof . and they stop , amaze . they stare at Sandra . she look extraordinary . beautiful , transformed . and momentarily , they be neuter , unsure what to do . but then Sandra , as she turn , see they . photographer ( cont ’d ) okay . openinin 's the door now . lookin 's back to the machine 's - but Sandra slow , can not do it with the girl watch . and finally she stop . then the photographer become aware of the other woman , too , rita to the fore now . photographer ( cont ’d ) right ... not to worry ... why do not we have a break ... you can go back to the caravan , Sandra . get change for the next set up !... you have do brilliantly . Sandra stare at the girl and then rush out in the opposite direction , slip on a silk dress gown as she go . int . wardrobe truck - afternoon 126 Sandra sit before a mirror , stare at herself . then , in the mirror , she see rita enter at the back of the waggon . she turn . a moment . sandra it 's all I have ever want . rita I know . Sandra 's eye fill . she shake she head . 10.08.09 orange revision 10.08.09 orange revision 86 sandra I do not really care about equal pay ... still a shitty factory , with dead bird and rain comin 's in and like a sauna in the summer and dirty and - ( cry ; screw up face ) I want more , rita - and now she 's cry . rita run across . rita hey - rita come across and hug she . when Sandra speak it 's between sob - — sandra tooley say he have show I photo ... out the paper ... and this photographer have say I have get what it take - rita ( fondly ) you have - sandra it 's for a brochure . only trade but it could lead on ... Foot in the door , you know - ( breath catch ) I do not wanna let you down . I just - rita you be not let we down . you be not go back yet , have you ...? ( Sandra look to rita hopefully ) I mean , that be the deal , innit ? they let you do this shoot and you go back to work ... but the go back bit be not happen yet so ... she smile . and then Sandra look horribly compromise sandra but ... they will not use the photo , unless , I - she stop ; the choice be clear . rita Sandra ... you look amazin 's ... I mean , you be a model . you be doin’ it , in there . they could not get better ... you could though ... now I see it . you really could ... but it 's up to you in the end . 10.08.09 orange revision 10.08.09 orange revision 86a rita walk out . Sandra look pale . 10.08.09 orange revision 127 128 129 10.08.09 orange revision 87 int . river plant - afternoon 127 the photographer , now back , glance across to Brenda and eileen , nervously . and then tooley suddenly appear . he look worried . he see the two woman also , and fear the worst . but then , the far door open and Sandra walk in . she look scared but determine as she cross the shop floor - photographer brilliant , Sandra . that 's great - he move into position . tooley look triumphantly to Brenda and eileen who stand with Sharon . photographer ( cont ’d ) same as before . load have oomph , load have energy ... Sandra slip off the dress gown photographer ( cont ’d ) load have , Christ - — he stop . Sandra be down to she bikini . and write on she body in red lipstick be : equal pay sandra how 's that look ? tooley tremble with suppress rage . ext . factory - night 128 the factory be desert ; shut down still and creak with inactivity . int . connie 's house - day 129 George sit in the kitchen . he have the paper before he but do not read it . then connie enter . she be dress up and grab a hand bag . GEORGE you be goin 's be you ? she turn . frown . connie you know I be . I say . it 's a emergency meetin’ ... rita ask I to go , ' special - ( he stare . nod ) you gotta fight for what you believe in , George . you know that . more than anyone . 10.08.09 orange revision 130 10.08.09 orange revision 88 he stare . GEORGE you think I would do the same again . if another war come round ? connie I know you would ... Cause you be a hero . he stare . there be utter conviction on she face . GEORGE I love you . she frown . wrong foote . then there be a knock on the door . it open . rita con . you all set ?... George - rita smile at George . connie look from rita , back to she husband . he smile . GEORGE go. she do and the door close . George smile again . int . union office - afternoon 130 rita hurry into the outer chamber of the union office , where we see Albert wait for he bollock . rita sorry I be late - she stop . connie be already sit there , wait , with Albert . rita smile , delighted that connie 's back on board and she make to speak . but before she can , Albert be to he foot and hurry across - — albert that do not matter . you gotta listen - the door open and a secretary appear secretary ready for you now ... he leave the door open as he go back inside the inner sanctum . we see bartholomew , Rogers , monty and a couple of other Union rep wait . Albert , place he hand in the small of the back of rita and connie , turn the woman in a wide arc towards the other room . at the same time he lower he voice and continue in a whisper - 10.08.09 orange revision 10.08.09 orange revision 88a albert they have hang you out to dry . lad in the other union have have enough . whatever they say now , do not believe it and we will sort it out after - ( normal voice , turn ) this way , please , lady - he guide the woman into the main chamber . Albert smile in a comradely way to the other man , then close the door behind he . 10.08.09 orange revision 131 132 10.08.09 orange revision 89 int . union office - day 131 rita 's jaw be fix . she glance at connie . bartholomew we be absolutely behind you still , rita . you and the girl ... we be not sayin’ otherwise - rogers and as you can see , we have get other representative from the other union here to pledge - rita you be not get ‘em all though , have you - Albert flash she a glance . she bite it - bartholomew no ... but we be very confident we will ... prevail . the thing be , though , as we have get the National Conference comin’ up ... down weymouth ... the most sensible thing , probably , would be just to go to a vote - — monty which would be the actual , final , and bindin’ position , I believe , comrade ? after which it have be out we hand . bartholomew that 's right , monty . but like I say , we be expectin’ full support . he look rita in the eye . int . barbara castleas westminster office - afternoon 132 the line up of Barbara Castle 's posh , public school , undersecretary . they beam . then we see Mrs Castle . she look uncertain . undersecretary the union be turn ! undersecretary two the other union , Minister ! normally , they all band together - she turn on that one - barbara castle yes . I gather it 's call solidarity - 10.08.09 orange revision 133 10.08.09 orange revision 90 undersecretary only , they be not ... be solid . the man want to return to work . so they be tell they union to withdraw support from the machinist 's union and to actively put pressure on the woman to end the dispute ... ( beam ) they 'il be back within the week . Barbara Castle stare . be that a tiny hint of disappointment ? barbara castle we will see ... the man glance at each other , confuse . barbara castle ( cont 'd ) you be assume the girl will do as they be tell . she smile and walk out of the room . ext . connie 's house - day 133 rita and connie pass down the lane . they be fire up . rita they must think we be bear yesterday - connie that monty 's a sly one , though , inni ? ( mock ) '' will the weymouth vote be bindin’ comrade ? '' rita ( laugh ) see how he look when we turn up down there ! put we side of thing - they pass through the gate . connie sod he ... you be right . we can deal with he ! rita we can deal with anyone , con ! they both laugh and connie open the door . she scream . in the centre of the room , hang from the ceiling , a belt around he neck , be George . he be wear he raf best Blue . rita make a guttural , animal - like noise and then run into the house . connie follow , realise what rita intend . 10.08.09 orange revision 134 135 136 10.08.09 orange revision 91 and rita be there already , grab George round the thigh and try to take the weight off he neck . ext . connie 's house - day 134 a police car and a ambulance be park on the road . a small crowd have gather to watch . rita be stand a little away from the scene , stare at the house . she can see connie , through the front window , on the settee , a blanket around she shoulder , be pass a cup of tea by a policewoman . ext . graveyard - day 135 the machinist be all gather for George 's funeral . a couple of raf greatcoat can be see . possibly ex crew ... they be George 's age . connie stand with Brenda . rita be with Eddie and the kid . Albert be there , too . the service near its end and finally , the vicar close he prayer book and move away . the crowd press up to connie and people start to pass on they condolence . rita I be sorry , connie . connie nod , smile , but do not look rita in the eye . connie no , you be not . rita what ? connie you think he be a millstone . you think he be keepin’ I back - one or two head turn . brenda hey , connie that 's enough ! connie finally look at rita . connie I should have be there . Brenda lead connie away . she have start to cry . rita watch , she expression freeze . Eddie take she hand supportively . ext . rita 's house - evening 136 rita be alone now . we sense she 's not be home all afternoon . she walk slowly onto she street , exhaust . 10.08.09 orange revision 10.08.09 orange revision 91a and then she stop . a car be park close to she house . Lisa 's . she climb from the vehicle and smile . rita do she best to return the gesture as she reach the car . rita this be a surprise . lisa yeah . I be ... sorry it 's so late ... I nearly do not come at all . she 's nervous . rita be too numb to see it . rita you wanna pop in ? I ... be honest , I be not feelin’ the most chatty but - 10.08.09 orange revision 10.08.09 orange revision 92 lisa no ... I really do not want to keep you , I just - she look at rita ; and lose she nerve . she smile instead . lisa ( cont 'd ) Mr Clarke have be ask to leave the school . ( rita frown ; the name cut through ) we win . they be get rid of he . rita manage to smile . rita that 's great . that 's ... brilliant . Lisa nod . a beat . rita look to she front door - lisa I be marry to Peter hopkins . at the factory ... ( rita be stunne ) have a feel you do not know ... and I do not know ... who you be ... the strike . she nod emphatically and smile . rita frown . rita I ... do not understand . i- ( suddenly upset ) if you have come here to tell I to back off ... I be not jokin’ ; what 's go on today and I be warning you - lisa keep go ! please . please keep go . rita look down . Lisa have grip she wrist . then rita look back into Lisa 's eye . lisa ( cont 'd ) do you know who I be , rita ? ( rita be confuse ) who I actually be ? I be Lisa burnett . I be thirty one year old , with a first class honour degree from one of the finest university in the world and my husband treat I like I be a fool . rita blink and Lisa smile , fondly - lisa ( cont 'd ) when I study ... for my degree ... I be ... very nappy ae ) 10.08.09 orange revision 10.08.09 orange revision 92a lisa ( cont 'd ) all sort of reason ... especially the work ... I love to read about all this extraordinary people . make history . I always wonder what it feel like ... ( nod ) let I know will you ... when you have finish do it . ( kiss she on the cheek ) do not let I down . she get into the car and drive off . 10.08.09 orange revision 137 138 10.08.09 orange revision 93 int . rita 's house - evening 137 rita pass into she bedroom . she stare out of the window . and suddenly , she start to cry . great sob which she bite back as she try to keep quiet . and gradually , as she clenches she fist , she manage to calm herself . she take a deep , steadying breath . then she cross the room and look at herself in the dress table mirror . she be a mess . a second and she grab a hanky , lick it and remove she smudge make up . another beat . she stare at herself , determine . ext . rita's house - day 138 Eddie 's motorcycle be load with camp kit . he push himself back from under the side car and stare at rita incredulously . eddie you be goin 's ? to weymouth ? then he look back to he wife . she say nothing . eddie ( cont 'd ) it 's ... the holiday , it 's ... campin’ . we go campin 's - rita I can not - — eddie why can not you - rita because - ( gritt tooth ) if I do not see it through ... then it have all be for nothin’ ... she stare at he . then she pick up she case and walk off down the street . he watch . his chest heave . but then , he look compromise . and he call out - eddie rita ! he run after she . eddie ( cont 'd ) rita!l - he catch she up . she turn . 10.08.09 orange revision 10.08.09 orange revision 94 rita what ? eddie we gotta sort this out . now ! ( she make to speak ) no ... we have and ... I know it be not be good ... between we lately - ( again she try to speak ) which ... I be not about to make worse , I promise , only ... we gotta stop the rot or - rita ( weary ) Eddie - eddie listen to I ! his impassion expression slow she . he focus . eddie ( cont 'd ) look . if I be not ... appreciate what you do , properly ... how you have come on and ... what you have achieve , all that ... then I be sorry - she do not want this ; look down the road . rita I gotta catch a bus - — eddie rita ! I be sorry ... but you be not be perfect in all this either , you know ... I mean , just cause you believe ina particular thing with all you heart , that do not mean it actually be the most crucial thing in the whole world ... rita this really be not the time , Eddie - eddie yes ! it be ! Cause it need sayin 's ! I know you reckon I be not bother about the important thing and I just ... drift along and I be more interested in fiddlin’ with motorbike and makin 's tent out of head rest cover but ... I do I best . you know ? ( scoff ) Christ , I be not out on the beer every night or ... screwin’ other woman , or - ( a think ) I have never once raise I hand to you ! ( more ) 10.08.09 orange revision 139 140 141 10.08.09 orange revision 95 eddie ( cont 'd ) ever . or the kid . and - ( he stop . she be smile ) what ? why you lookin’ like that ?- rita you be a saint . that 's what you be tellin’ I , Eddie ? you be a bleedin’ saint ! Cause you give we a even break ... ( thunderous ) that 's as it should be ... Jesus ! what do you think this strike 's be all about ? it be not about we gettin’ special treatment , you know ... kid glove ... it 's be about fairness . what 's proper .... and you stand there now and lecture I about countin’ I blessin 's ... ( nod ) well , you be right actually ... you do not knock we about , you do not drink , you do not gamble , you do join in with the family ... ( through gritt tooth ) that 's - as - — it -should - be !... try and understand that . please . what you be talkin’ about now ... what I have be fightin’ for , the last few week ... same thing ... rights . not privilege . she march off and Eddie watch she go . he sway , as if he have take a punch . ext . dagenham town hall - afternoon 139 the last of the girl climb onto a coach . rita look back at the street of dagenham and climb on also - int . coach - afternoon 140 the coach be full . rita 's seat be at the front as usual . the seat next to she , connie 's , be empty . rita catch Brenda 's eye and then she sit , alone . int . rita 's house - late afternoon 141 Eddie sit at the kitchen table , think . he look shocked . he blink , notice the unpack camp gear lean against a couple of protest placard . he exhales slowly . but then , Graham enter the room . he sit next to he father . Eddie look at he . Graham smile . it 's fine . a long moment and Eddie straighten . 10.08.09 orange revision 142 143 144 145 146 10.08.09 orange revision 96 ext . neighbour 's house - late afternoon 142 the kid stand with a woman on she doorstep and wave as Eddie zoom off on he motorbike . he do not wave back . ext . road in weymouth - evening 143 a hotel with a plush facade , display a sign : the tadmarton Park Hotel , weymouth , dorset welcome the confederation of shipbuild and Engineering union . int . HOTEL in weymouth - evening 144 the ballroom be crowded with Union delegate as the chair , up on stage , a northerner , consult he note . chairman very good , gentleman . and that bring we to we main item ... the ongoing dispute at Ford Motors ... can I call on monty Taylor , senior convenor , Ford dagenham . the chairman squint . and out of the darkness come monty . he mount the stage and move across to the chair . he whisper and then cross to the lectern . monty thank you Mr Chairman ... I shall try and be brief - he look to the darken hall , a glint in he eye . ext . HOTEL in weymouth - evening 145 Eddie jump off he bike and look wildly round : shit ! the seafront be a mass of hotel . int . HOTEL in weymouth - evening 146 monty be push on , scared , but desperate . monty - of course we must represent all we member ... but I must also remember we live in a democracy . and in a democracy , the wish of the majority must always hold sway . therefore - brenda ( 0.s. ) monty Taylor ! you two face , hypocritical , toe rag ! 10.08.09 orange revision 147 148 10.08.09 orange revision 97 a kerfuffle by the door . monty squint into the darkness . the light come on . the dagenham contingent be there , eileen by the switch , banner at the ready . monty now hang on - brenda no , you hang on - more rowdiness and shout of juda . the whole hall hum . several delegate stand to see what 's happen . monty have move to the front of the stage and call out for the girl to sit down and that he ’1ll explain , while they call back at he . finally monty return and shout into the microphone . monty be quiet ! the noise shock everyone into silence . monty be embarrassed and moderate he voice . monty ( cont ’d ) sorry ... gentlemen ... we 'il sort this out amongst ourselves later - scotsman ( shout ; stand ) hey , monty ! I have see more of they mug on the front page this last few week than you have manage in twenty year ! ( laughter from crowd ) I wouldnae mind hearin’ from ‘em . shout of support . monty look terrify . monty no - more shout of support . monty shake he head . ext . seafront —- evening 147 Eddie walk down the seafront and stop . park up ahead be a coach ... from dagenham . he run past it and into the Hotel outside which it be park . int . HOTEL in weymouth - evening 148 more shout . monty look trap . then the sound of slow stamp and clap . louder and louder . then Brenda , eileen and the other step aside . rita be there . she walk towards the platform . and monty look sink . 10.08.09 orange revision 149 150 10.08.09 orange revision 98 int . HOTEL in weymouth - evening 149 Eddie look for a sign and run towards the door which lead into the hall . int . HOTEL in weymouth - evening 150 Eddie burst into the hall and stop right at the back . rita be at the lectern , a light on she . all around be still . she make to speak then stop , gather herself ; all of the emotion of the last few day sweeping over she . she stare at the people in the hall , they face turn to she . wait ... rita my best friend lose she husband recently . durin 's the war he be a gunner in fifty squadron in the raf . he get shot down one time ... on a raid to essen and even though he manage to bail out , he be badly injure . I ask he once , why he have join the raf and he say ... they get the best woman ... ( laughter in the hall . she nod , upset ) which they do ... Eddie stare at rita rita ( cont 'd ) but then he say , you have to do somethin’ . and he have always want to go up in a plane ... her jaw tighten ; she feel the cause start to flood through she vein . rita ( cont 'd ) you have to do somethin’ ... that be a give . Cause it be a matter of principle . you have to stand up ; do what be right , ' cause otherwise you would not be able to look yourself in the mirror . ( stare at hall ) when do that change ? when do we , in this country , start bein 's happy , to do nothin’ ? on what day do we decide we have no duty to fairness no more ? ( the hall be silent . she nod slightly ) it have not change . ( more ) 10.08.09 orange revision 151 10.08.09 orange revision 99 rita ( cont 'd ) that be not we ... it be not you ... and we be only in this situation now , where woman get pay less money than man for do the same work ... ( let it sink in . nod ) - because we be trick . that in power keep tellin’ we : it 's fine . you do not need to do the right thing cause there 's nothin’ need fixin’ . and they say it for so long , we end up believin’ it be right .... well it be not right ! call of support . head nod in agreement . rita ( cont 'd ) it be wrong at the start , it 's wrong now , and it will be wrong forever !- ( shout of agreement ) - unless you back we , you stand up , you remember who you be and you accept , that this be a matter of principle . woman be entitle to the same rate of pay as man . and that be it . no matter the cost , no matter the difficulty , no matter they that be gonna lose out , no human be should be punish in the workplace cause have how they be bear ! ( cheer . rita call above they - ) we be the work class . the man and the woman . we be the furnace which fire the world and without we no - body earn tuppence h’appenny ! ( big cheer ) we be not separate by sex , only by the will of that who be not prepare to go into battle for what be right - and that who be ! the hall erupt . and leap to its foot . Eddie sway . int . HOTEL in weymouth - evening 151 delegate pour out , talk excitedly about what they have just witness . we briefly see Eddie again , swallow up by the crowd , be push backwards . and then we see we girl , emerge thrilled and elate . we hear odd snatch of conversation above a huge wall of chatter - 10.08.09 orange revision 10.08.09 orange revision 100 brenda ( to another woman ) I be tellin’ you ! you can see ‘em ! scorch mark right up the curtain where monty 's arse catch fire - the woman laugh . rita smile . her chest still heave . eileen grab she wrist . eileen come on , let 's have a drink - rita we get no money - sandra we be all signin 's it to monty 's room - the girl laugh . the scot delegate pat rita on the back . some speech . rita nod , but she be exhaust . Brenda smile at she . brenda hey ! come on ... you be allow to unwind a bit , you know rita ( nod ) yeah . ' cept we be not there yet , Brenda - she stop . she be look over Brenda 's shoulder , to the other side of revolve door , where she can see , on the spot where he have be spat out , Eddie . he stare in at rita . then , suddenly , he turn and hurry off - 152 ext . beach - night 152 rita run after the retreate Eddie . she call out to he . rita Eddie ... Eddie ! ( he finally stop ; turn ) what you doin’ here ? he look at she ; slightly confuse . then ... 10.08.09 orange revision 153 10.08.09 orange revision 101 eddie I ... come to say sorry . I mean ... I think ... about what you say and - ( shrug ) you be right , I suppose ... you be right . ( nod ) and it be amazin 's what you do ... rita o'grady . and I wanna back you ... I be gonna tell you that . only then I come in when you be speakin 's and I hear you and ... you be ... huge ... you be ... like a force - he can not express it . then he look at she fondly and smile . eddie ( cont 'd ) and then I think ... ( shrug ) not sure I backin’ you make that much difference to be quiet honest . where you be now ... ( serious ; positive ) anyway . you get back to you meeting or whatever you gotta do . I should ... he nod , vaguely over he shoulder and set off , walk - rita Eddie ! he turn again . she shake she head . rita ( cont 'd ) you have say some stupid thing in you time but ... she run to he , embrace he and kiss he hard on the mouth . she step back . he look stunne . rita ( cont 'd ) of course you backin’ I make a difference . it make all the difference in the world . she kiss he again . int . barbara castle' westminster office - day 153 Mrs Castle be hold back the slight of smile . she be look at a sheet of paper on she desk while the undersecretary wait in a line . barbara castle '' the bloody union be back in line '' - 10.08.09 orange revision 10.08.09 orange revision 101a undersecretary it 's verbatim . undersecretary two we man be there . barbara castle well , well , well - ( look to they ) so the strike remain solid . and meanwhile , five thousand man have now be laid off and the country have lose export order worth 8 million pound ... ( check note ) 8 million . 10.08.09 orange revision 10.08.09 orange revision 102 she look back to the undersecretary . undersecretary two it really do seem time to call in Sir Jack . barbara castle good ... I '' 1l1 do that then . i’1l appoint a Court of inquiry , which he can oversee . and let 's hope that do the job . she smile . the man glance at each other and stand . barbara castle ( cont 'd ) oh , yes . and one other thing ... set up a meeting will you . undersecretary Minister ? barbara castle with the machinist . they leader . the man glance at each other . undersecretary pardon I ? barbara castle I want to meet they . at my St James 's Square Offices ... at the earliest opportunity . undersecretary but — Mrs Castle look at they quizzically . yes ? undersecretary ( cont 'd ) the Minister do not . do that . never have do . undersecretary two it will just encourage they . undersecretary give credence to they cause . she look at they . Long beat . she inhale . then : barbara castle I be what 's know as a fiery red head ... I hate to make this a matter of appearance ... go all womanly on you but ... there you have it . and I stand up like this - ( get to she foot ) ( more ) 10.08.09 orange revision 154 10.08.09 orange revision 103 barbara castle ( cont 'd ) be in fact , just that red head fieriness , leaping to the fore ... ( voice rise furiously ) credence ! I will give credence to they cause ? my God . they cause already have credence . it 's equal pay . equal pay be common justice . and if you be not such a bunch of egotistical , chauvinistic , bigote dunderhead , you have realise it - undersecretary I - barbara castle this be a office run by incompetent . and I be sick and tired of be patronise , speak down to and generally indulge as if I be the May Queen ! ( one of the man hold up a tremulous finger , as if to make a point - ) set up the meeting ! the man scatter . int . hopkin office - day 154 tooley glare - tooley whaddya mean , the Secretary of State be gonna see the woman ? on whose say so ? hopkins face tooley ; scared . hopkin on she own , I gather ... apparently , Mrs Castle 's quite a forceful woman - tooley be she ! he march across the office and pick up he phone . hopkin what be you do -? tooley I represent Ford Motors . we be the biggest car manufacturer in the world . we pump million of pound into the UK economy ... he dial ( he *twore ) 10.08.09 orange revision 154a 155 10.08.09 orange revision 104 tooley ( cont 'd ) I think it 's time my boss start remind one or two people of that fact . ext . rita's house - day 154a Eddie 's motorcycle pull up outside rita 's house . Albert wait by the door . rita look concerned and quickly jump out of the side car , hurry over to he . for once he do not look entirely in control of he emotion - albert there 's no need to panic , rita . only I have have a call ... from Mrs Castle 's office - Eddie be clamber off the bike but turn suddenly as he hear a sharp scream of excitement . he look down the drive to rita who be turn to he , a expression of sheer delight on she face - rita bloody ‘ell ! she grin , thrilled ! int . rita 's house - day 155 now rita look concerned as she root through she wardrobe . she pull out a dress and turn , hold it up . Albert sit on a chair beside Eddie , Eddie still in he bike gear , sit on the bed , both gaze across at the impromptu fashion show like rabbit catch in a full headlight glare . rita too short . she nod in agreement . then she look back and select another outfit . this she hold up . rita ( cont 'd ) too formal . she nod and she grab another . she hold this up . but this time she do not say anything . she look to the lad . Albert jump at the opportunity - albert Lovely ... that be ... ( to Eddie ) innit ? that 's - eddie yeah . they both nod . her face fall 10.08.09 orange revision 156 10.08.09 orange revision 104a rita you hate it ... she look back to the wardrobe . the lad glance at each other appal . rita ( cont 'd ) I be not get anythin’ that 's right - and then rita stop ; have a idea ... int . hopkin house - day 156 hopkins be back at home . he stare sickly at the front page of the telegraph which record the ongoing horror of Ford 's plummete sale figure . then the door bell ring . hopkins wait for Lisa to answer . but it ring again . he sigh and stand , crossing to the door . he open it . rita . he be stunne . rita s’'alright . I be not come to see you . it 's you missus I wanna talk to . Lisa step forward from behind hopkins . lisa rita ... what be you do here ? hopkin rita ?! rita I need a favour . hopkins be agog . Lisa nod . lisa come inside - hopkin ( annoyed ) Lisa - lisa what !? 10.08.09 orange revision 157 10.08.09 orange revision 105 her look be hard ; combative . he have not see it before . she hold he gaze , furiously and he step meekly to one side . rita enter the house . int . the prime minister be car - day 157 harold Wilson puff on he pipe as he official motor set off around St James 's Square . Mrs Castle settles next to he , have just get in . Wilson look tense and when Mrs Castle raise a enquire eyebrow , he get straight to it - harold wilson have you or have you not invite the Ford woman to you office ? Mrs Castle hesitates , momentarily . then : barbara castle Prime minister - harold wilson I have just spend the last half a hour on the phone to Henry Ford the second , reassure he that my government be not on the side of the striker - barbara castle it 's not a question of side . we have to grasp the nettle - harold wilson by align ourselves with the machinist ? ( she make to deny this ) I want you to fix this ! not to make it worse -! barbara castle and I will fix it ! if you have just ... ( can not help it ) bloody well support I ! this shock they both . but Wilson can see she passion . he nod . go on . barbara castle ( cont 'd ) I can resolve this dispute . I can get the woman work again ... but I be go to have to tell they that I agree with they cause . he understand instantly - harold wilson no. Barbara , please - 10.08.09 orange revision 10.08.09 orange revision 105aa barbara castle you know they right . he sigh ; he shoulder slump . harold wilson now be not the time - barbara castle harold , we talk about this in the nineteen fifty , you be adamant - — harold wilson I be not run the country then ! she look away . disappointed in he . he sigh . Long beat . 10.08.09 orange revision 10.08.09 orange revision 105 a harold wilson ( cont ’d ) see the woman . if that 's what you want to do . ( she start to speak ; grateful ) but ! whatever you do , do not upset Ford ! I be enough trouble with the Americans as it be . she nod , know that she be on a tightrope . 10.08.09 orange revision 158 159 160 10.08.09 orange revision 106 ext . roadside - day 158 rita stride through dagenham . pull back . she wear Lisa 's biba dress . ahead , the other girl wait for she . ext . barbara castle' westminster office - day 159 the rather splendid exterior of Mrs Castle 's office . int . barbara castle' westminster office - day 160 the undersecretary be struggle with a sofa . they put it down , then straighten . they be sweat . barbara castle there . perfect ... actually ... maybe it be better where we have it before - ( the man exchange glance ) oh ... dizzy I . the man stagger back with the sofa and she turn away . up close we see she be nervous . she look back - barbara castle ( cont 'd ) just the armchair , then ... ( she disappear from view ) and I want plenty of sherry . 10.08.09 orange revision 161 162 omitted omitted 10.08.09 orange revision 10.08.09 orange revision 107 161 162 163 10.08.09 orange revision 108 ext . barbara castleas westminster office - day 163 the girl walk towards St James 's Square , follow by the press . a second crowd of photographer and a camera crew , already in - situ , rush forward to envelop they . behind , the press who have dogge they all day , also shove forward and a scrum ensue . before long , one or two of the girl look overwhelm and panicky . rita if you could just ... can we get through please - ( she , too , be struggle ) you be blockin’ the way . you - connie ( 0.s. ) make some room , for God 's sake - rita stop . look across . connie be come towards she , shove reporter aside . rita connie - the door open and a undersecretary step out . undersecretary lady . good morning ... could you keep back please , gentleman - he and a couple more of the staff shove the press back . rita I ...? connie I be sorry I be late . the two woman stare , rita 's eye fill . they embrace . 10.08.09 orange revision 10.08.09 orange revision 109 163 cont.ext . barbara castleas westminster office - day 163 cont . reporter two ( 0.s. ) rita ! rita ! can we have a final comment - reporter three ( 0.s. ) rita - rita I - all of the girl be through the cordon and the reporter be push back . but still they look formidable - reporter two rita ! be equal pay really a possibility ? reporter three what if Mrs Castle say no deal ? reporter two how will you cope ? rita Cope ? how will we cope ? she be aware of connie beside she . eileen , Sandra and Brenda , too . rita look back to the reporter . 10.08.09 orange revision 164 164a 10.08.09 orange revision 110 rita ( cont 'd ) we be woman . now do not ask such stupid question . rita turn to connie and lead the girl back inside . int . barbara castle' westminster office - day 164 Mrs Castle check the room ; with sofa and armchair arrange in a circle it now look like a live room rather than a meeting place . she take a deep breath and cross to a large armoire at the back of the room . she open it and select a jacket from she closet . she plump for something rather old . she look at herself in the door mirror . very sober . then she check shoe . the pair we have see on several occasion be discard and a plainer pair pop on . there be knock on the door . a under secretary come in undersecretary # 2 Minister , there 's a slight problem . Mrs Castle turn to the secretary . int . barbara castleas westminster office - day 164a Mrs Castle walk into a smaller room . a man stand with he back to we . he turn , it 's tooley . tooley Mrs Castle . barbara castle Mr tooley - I be not expect you . they shake hand . tooley but you be meeting the woman ? barbara castle I think it 's time I listen to they argument . if you have care to wait I will inform you of any decision we make . she turn . tooley watch she ; he jaw suddenly tighten - — tooley you know , we basically want the same thing , Mrs Castle ... you and I - she stop and turn 10.08.09 orange revision 164b 164c 10.08.09 orange revision 110a tooley ( cont 'd ) we want to see Ford Motors employ british worker . barbara castle Ford be a vital part of we economy , I be well aware of that - tooley then do not make we go elsewhere to build we car ... it wobble she . he smile . tooley ( cont 'd ) if you do not help we hold the line here and support we in we effort to combat the constant strike which undermine we ability to make car at a profit ... we will take we factory elsewhere . mrs castle be you threaten I , Mr tooley ? tooley I be just try to stop 40000 people from lose they job , Mrs Castle . that 's how many people we employ in this country ... neither of we wanna take that risk ... surely ? she hold he gaze . then she turn away . int . barbara castle' westminster office - day 164b Mrs Castle close the door behind she and take a deep breath . int . barbara castle' westminster office - day 164c Brenda and Sandra look out of a window , point out the sight . but they be nervous . as be connie who glance to the door . but rita , who be beside she , sit on a sofa , can concentrate only on she friend . finally - rita connie - connie turn . rita speak with a hushed voice . she smile . then fudge it - rita ( cont 'd ) thanks for comin’ . 10.08.09 orange revision 165 10.08.09 orange revision 110b connie smile . and rita immediately lean closer in - rita ( cont 'd ) I be so sorry - — connie no ! do not . it 's I that need to apologise - ( rita frown ) I love George . more than anything . but he 's go now . and it 's the right thing . I think that straightaway . and I feel guilty ... and I take it out on you but ... ( nod head ) he be not sufferin’ and ... he be better out of it . I know that ... deep down . and you gotta trust they feelinus . ai not you ? gotta follow you gut ... you teach we that . rita be amaze but before she can react , the door be open and a undersecretary be there . undersecretary the Minister will see you now - the woman all look at each other . int . barbara castle' westminster office - day 165 they walk into the main office where Mrs Castle be wait in front of the grand fireplace . rita Mrs Castle ? she turn and smile barbara castle I be ... and you be Mrs o’grady . I recognise you from the news . she cross and they shake . rita I be pleased to meet you . barbara castle and I , you . Mrs Castle look to the other . 10.08.09 orange revision 165a 10.08.09 orange revision 110c rita sorry . this be connie , Brenda and Sandra . barbara castle I be delighted you could all come they all nod . Mrs Castle 's brain be racing . barbara castle ( cont 'd ) please take a seat . would you care for a sherry ? Mrs Castle , nod to a strategically place undersecretary . brenda you be not get whiskey , have you ? the girl look to Brenda thunderously . int . barbara castle' westminster office - day 165 a tooley be wait still . he be bring a second cup of tea . he look irritate . undersecretary # 2 sugar ? tooley no. the undersecretary take the empty and leave the full cup . tooley look to the door . all alpha male 10.08.09 orange revision 166 167 10.08.09 orange revision 111 omitted 166 int . barbara castle' westminster office - afternoon 167 Mrs Castle place she jacket on she chair . she 's delay . then she turn to rita who sit directly opposite , a small table between they . barbara castle I have be follow you dispute very closely . and I want to say how proud I be of the battle you have fight . I fully support the struggle for equal pay . the girl look to each other , flushed with hope . barbara castle ( cont 'd ) and you will have it ... but in time . rita what ? barbara castle Industry be go to object . the lord 's 11l kick up a fuss . the press will have a field day ... it be not go to be easy - rita what be , that 's worth havin’ ? Mrs Castle make to retort then stop and consider the girl . this be difficult . but she drive on - barbara castle return to work , get back to you machine and then you have my word that I will push forward with you fight - rita no ! the girl be all think it but rita 's vehemence still surprise . barbara castle Mrs o’ grady - rita that be not good enough - ( Barbara make to speak ) we want somethin’ now ! somethin’ solid - 10.08.09 orange revision 10.08.09 orange revision 111a mrs castle but -— rita you get the authority , you - ( upset ) we think ... seein 's you , we have - mrs castle in politics you sometimes have to play the long game - rita we be not politician ! we be workin’ woman . and so be you ! Mrs Castle blink . rita too . a beat . then Mrs Castle straighten . barbara castle very well . what would it take ...? to get you back . rita Excuse I ? barbara castle the something solid ... and mark well , I say some thing , not everything . rita we would need ... guarantee of a equal pay Act and ... a immediate and ... considerable movement towards the male rate at Ford . Mrs Castle consider they . her eye narrow . barbara castle seventy five per cent ? rita ninety . Mrs Castle 's eye widen . barbara castle you be put I in a very difficult position ... 167a int . barbara castleas westminster office ante room - dab7a Mrs Castle close the door behind she . her brain race . she turn to a undersecretary in the room . barbara castle get I the Prime Minister . 10.08.09 orange revision 167b 167c 167d 167e 10.08.09 orange revision 111 aa he pick up the phone . Mrs Castle 's jaw tighten . int . barbara castle' westminster office - day 167b tooley wait , fidget . a undersecretary stick he head round the door with a teapot and a enquire expression . tooley whadd ’ya think ? the undersecretary duck away . int . barbara castle' westminster office - day 167c the woman sit on the edge of they seat and wait . rita feel self conscious . rita I be not too ... aggressive ? brenda naah . ( look to Sandra ) they have get rid of hangin’ be not they ? connie simply squeeze rita 's hand . int . barbara castleas westminster office , ante room - 167d day the undersecretary put down the phone . undersecretary he 's on a plane . wo not land until this evening . Mrs Castle say nothing . just exhales , slowly . then she look to the opposite end of the room . two door . two choice . she take a deep breath . int . mrs castle 's westminster office - day 167e Mrs Castle stride into tooley 's room . tooley immediately make to speak - but Mrs Castle get there first . barbara castle that risk ; you be talk about , Mr tooley . I be go to have to take it . ( he frown ) all woman be entitle to equal pay and I intend to begin the process of enshrine that fact in law . whatever the cost . ( tooley be ashen ) ( more ) 10.08.09 orange revision 10.08.09 orange revision 111 ab barbara castle ( cont 'd ) so , the question be ... do you want to wait until it be Law before you get you machinist back to work , or do you want to make a gesture now and see production resume immediately ? tooley stare at Mrs Castle . endgame . who will back down ? 10.08.09 orange revision 10.08.09 orange revision 112 168 omitted 168 169 omitted 169 169a omitted 169a 10.08.09 orange revision 169b 169c 169d 169e 10.08.09 orange revision 112a omitted 169b omitted 169c ext . barbara castle' westminster office - day 169d eileen , monica and the other woman wait patiently with they banner . Albert appear and dispense beer . int . barbara castle' westminster office - day 169e the woman stare at empty glass . Brenda take a pull on she whiskey . brenda I be gonna miss all this . the girl smile but they be so nervous . and then the door open . all head turn and Mrs Castle walk slowly into the room . barbara castle we have a deal . connie 90 % ? suddenly , Barbara look uneasy . she shake she head . the girl look worried . barbara castle 92 ... rita be stunne . she see Mrs Castle 's twinkle smile . and she , along with the girl , smile . rita thank you ! Mrs Castle grab a glass and toast with rita . Brenda smile and look to connie who be grin , too . 10.08.09 orange revision 10.08.09 orange revision 112b 169e 169e 10.08.09 orange revision 170 171 10.08.09 orange revision 113 ext . barbara castle' westminster office - afternoon 170 the woman look tired as well as happy as they walk into the sunlight . Mrs Castle stop as they be greet by camera flash , and turn to rita . barbara castle that 's biba ... I see it in a magazine - rita nod to Mrs Castle 's outfit . rita and that 's C and A. I have get one at home ... seem we all dress up ... and you dress down ... who do that put at a advantage do you think ? Mrs Castle laugh . rita ( cont 'd ) after you . barbara castle oh , no , young lady . after you . Mrs Castle indicate that rita should step forward first . and rita move towards the crowd . ext . barbara castle' westminster office - afternoon 171 Black and white tv footage . Mrs Castle stand with the girl . she clear she throat . barbara castle thank you ... thank you very much ... I be delighted to say that follow we talk this afternoon , get down to the nitty gritty , the 187 Ford machinist will be go back to work on the lst of July . they will get a immediate pay rise of 7d a hour which will put they at 92 % of the male rate . however , this be not a end to it . as a result of we discussion , I can announce that the government be fully commit to the creation of a equal pay Act and by the Autumn of this year , I guarantee appropriate legislation will be put into place to ensure that that act become law . she step back . cameras flash and reporter call out . rita breathes deeply , absorb the scene . 10.08.09 orange revision 172 10.08.09 orange revision 114 she place she arm around connie and with Sandra and eileen and Brenda , they form up as a group . they all beam . SNAP . and the picture freeze . the strike by the dagenham sewing machinist and the subsequent settlement negotiated that afternoon with mrs barbara castle did indeed lead to the introduction of a equal pay act . it became law in 1970 . dissolve to : ext . factory - day 172 the desert factory . but then a bike come over the hill . a single bike . a woman be on it . then come another and another . the woman be lead the workforce back and soon the whole road be awash with bike and people , all buffete together , a vast sea of humanity , sweeping down the road , back to they job . the end 10.08.09 orange revision