long shot - new york - normandie in f.g. fade in : superimpose title come in which read : Greater New York have a population of 7,434,346 , among the least important of whom be ...... dissolve to : insert : telephone book - manhattan telephone directory Hand run down telephone book page and stop at : John H. mason - atty . 258 Broadway dissolve to : ext . office build - new york - morning long shot - shoot down pedestrian and vehicle traffic crowd the street in front of the office building . camera center on one figure in the crowd , johnny , who walk slowly along the sidewalk gaze steadily at something he carry in he hand . camera move down and shoot over johnny' shoulder at what he be gaze at . it be a large photograph of Jane . camera move back to a medium shot as johnny continue on he way , still absorb in the picture . a vicious bump from a passer - by yank johnny back from dream realm to the work - a- day world . johnny ( murmure a apology ) sorry ! the passer - by have disappear into the crowd . johnny be about to go on , suddenly realize he be in front of he office building , quickly put the photograph in he brief case and enter the building . int . arcade - close ( moving ) shot - johnny he start down the arcade toward the elevator . a middle - age man greet he in pass . man " Morning , Mr. mason . johnny ( cheerily ) good morning ! a young lady be next to throw he a greeting . young lady hello , johnny . johnny Lovely morning ! a third greeting come from a young man about he own age . young man hi , johnny ! johnny beautiful morning ! by now he have reach a open elevator which be fill with people . the door of the elevator next to it open and start to discharge its passenger . a starter be station between the two elevator . a definite reaction from the starter as he see johnny . johnny be about to enter the first elevator , then , see that the second one be empty , start toward it . he find he way bar by the starter who warmly grip he hand . starter " Morning , Mr. mason . johnny Harry , it 's a marvelous morning ! the starter have one hand behind he back . he be violently gesture a signal to the operator of the second elevator . starter have a good trip ? johnny sensational ! starter great city , Boston ! johnny terrific ! close up - operator of second elevator he get the pantomime signal of the starter , bang the door shut , and he elevator start upward . close shot - featuring johnny and starter the starter be shove johnny back to the first elevator . johnny manage to hand starter a cigar as he enter the elevator . the elevator be now full , and the operator wait for the signal to start . the starter look toward the dial of the second elevator . close up - dial the second elevator be approach the tenth floor and continue up . close shot - first elevator the starter give the signal . the door close , the elevator start up . dissolve to : int . corridor twentieth floor - close shot - at elevator the door open , and several passenger emerge , include johnny . int . outer office - doolittle suite all the personnel of the law firm -- clerk , stenographer , telephone girl -- be line up watch the door . close shot - the office boy he stand against the wall clutching a string which run upward from he hand . camera pan to take in the entrance door . we see the knob turn . close up - flash - the office boy he yank the string . close shot - entrance door it have open ; and as johnny enter , a contraption arrange over the door open ; and johnny be shower with rice and old shoe . there be whoops and shriek from off scene . one voice start sing : " happy bridegroom , yoo -hoo " to tune of '' happy birthday " and other join in . full shot johnny look on bewilderedly while the office personnel sing . employees ( sing ) happy bridegroom , yoo -hoo ! happy bridegroom , yoo -hoo ! happy bridegroom , happy bridegroom , happy bridegroom , yoo-hoo ! the song end with laughter and ad lib chatter as johnny 's office mate surround he , pump he hand , whack he back , congratulate or razzing he , accord to they mood . close shot - group around johnny ad lib a business trip . huh ?... where 's the little woman , johnny -- why do not you bring she along ?... be she one of the lodge or one of the cabot ?... what 's she get that I have not get ?... you would better be careful with you expense account -- no extras now !... that 's what you get for go out of town !... you old bluebeard , you !... I be go to sue you for breach of promise !... today we johnny be a man !... stenographer johnny , what 's she like ? johnny now wait a minute ! I can not describe she -- nobody could . but it just so happen I have get a picture of she . he open up he brief case and produce the photograph previously establish . it be snatch out of he hand by one of the clerk who rush out of the scene with it . the other rush after he . a chorus of whistle , scream and other extravagant reaction . close up - johnny excite and thrilled at the sensation cause by the mere photograph of he bride , but try not to show it . Carter come into shot , carry a batch of legal papers . he be the type who have have but one love affair in all he life -- himself . carter well , well , well ! johnny hello , Carter . carter so you combine pleasure with business ! wait till judge doolittle hear about this , my boy ! johnny hear about what ? carter about you get marry on he time -- and without he consent -- ( significantly ) or he daughter 's . johnny well , what 's she get to do about it ? carter ( smirk ) well , now , my boy -- the favorite topic of conversation around this part have be that you and miss doolittle -- johnny aw , malarkey ! Office talk , Carter . be not a word of truth in it ! carter judge doolittle may not think so . johnny ( fiercely ) be that so ? well , if he do not like it , he can lump it . before he can finish , the rest of the staff come into the scene , follow the clerk hold the photograph . ad lib ( as clerk return photograph ) you never ask I for my picture , johnny . when 's the next train leave for Boston ?... be not I as pretty as that ?... johnny , have she get a sister ?... no wonder we could not compete ... I want one of they too !... I wish the boss would send I out of town !... never know you have it in you , johnny !... medium shot - the group suddenly there be a melting away of the group around johnny as the clerk start for they cubicle and the stenos return to they desk and make a great show of be busy . close up - johnny he be suddenly alone -- the photograph of he new bride clutch in he hand . doolittle's voice mason ! johnny turn , register consternation . johnny oh , good morning , judge doolittle ! close shot - at door judge doolittle have enter and stand , frown , in the midst of rice and old shoe . he 's a formidable old codger who have terrify many a witness . doolittle be somewhat deaf and wear a acousticon arrangement to facilitate he hearing . he have a habit of speak in a very low voice , while all he employee have be train to raise they voice in talk to he . throughout the entire scene between doolittle and johnny , doolittle will speak in a low voice and johnny will speak loudly , almost shouting at time . judge doolittle what 's all this mess ? camera pan he up to johnny . johnny take off he hat . johnny ah -- well , it seem everybody around here find out that I -- er -- I -- while I be in Boston -- judge doolittle what be you do in Boston ? johnny why , you send I sir . do not you remember you send I up there to get a deposition on the higgins versus higgins case ! judge doolittle do you get it ? johnny yes , sir . judge doolittle well , what 's all this ? what 's all this horseplay about ? johnny well , while I be in Boston , after I get the deposition I have a few hour to spare and so I -- just a few hour -- and I -- judge doolittle go on ! go on ! johnny ( gulp ) I get marry ! judge doolittle ( sharply ) you what ? johnny ( shout ) I get marry . judge doolittle ( as if he have not hear right ) you get marry ? johnny yes , sir . I get marry . judge doolittle come into my office ! johnny yes , sir . camera pan with he as he stride toward he office , follow by johnny . it somehow resemble a march to the guillotine . long shot - clerk and stenographer looking after they - head popping back behind door . close shot - at door of doolittle's private office doolittle enter with johnny . close up - carter at door of he office . he stare towards doolittle 's office with a smirk on he face ; dry -wash he hand and exit into he office . int . judge doolittle's private office - mo . shot - at doolittle's desk on the wall behind the desk be two painting . one of judge doolittle in he magisterial robe and the other of Chief justice Hughes of the United States , in he robe . doolittle be seat at he desk glaring at johnny who stand face he like a prisoner at the bar . johnny have the brief case in one hand and the frame picture of Jane in the other . judge doolittle where 's the deposition ? johnny lay Jane 's photograph on the desk as he open the brief case and take the deposition from it , which he hand , fold , to doolittle . johnny there you be , sir . as doolittle open up the paper to look at it , a letter fall out . insert : the letter Inside a large , hand - draw heart , which cover the page of note paper , be write : to the party of the first part : I love you . ( sign ) Party of the second part . close shot - at desk as doolittle pick up the letter . judge doolittle what 's this ? johnny ( very much embarrassed ) oh , that 's -- that 's just sort of a letter . doolittle hand it back . johnny stuff the letter into he pocket with increase embarrassment . doolittle adjust he glass and start to read the deposition . he address johnny without look up . judge doolittle so you get marry ? johnny yes , sir . doolittle look up and glance significantly at a frame picture on he desk . insert : framed picture it be a photograph of doolittle 's daughter and upon it be write : " to Father , with love , Eunice . " close shot - at desk judge doolittle I imagine this will be a surprise to some people . johnny yes , sir ! ( catch himself as he realize the significance of doolittle 's glance at the picture of he daughter ) no , sir ! I mean -- well -- I do not know . it all happen rather suddenly . you see , we meet on Boston common the night I arrive , and I would have a bite at Thompson 's spa -- and then I take a little stroll around the common and -- and I see she stand there -- she be just stand there -- she have a cinder in she eye . doolittle look up suddenly from read the deposition . judge doolittle where ? johnny in she eye . judge doolittle whose eye ? johnny Jane -- Mrs. mason -- my wife . judge doolittle oh . johnny of course , she be not my wife then -- she 's my wife now , though . and I get the cinder out of she eye and -- judge doolittle and you marry she . johnny yes , sir . judge doolittle Quick work , be not it ? johnny yes , sir . oh judge , we know -- we know the minute we look at each other -- we know -- we know the minute we look at each other . judge doolittle you do ! johnny yes , sir . judge doolittle last year there be nearly a half a million divorce in this country . congratulation , mason ! johnny thank you very much , sir . a office boy come in with papers he put on doolittle 's desk . office boy Mr. hutch would like you opinion on this , sir . ( he start out , and as he pass johnny , hand he a letter ) oh , this be for you , Mr. mason ... special messenger . it 's mark " rush - important . " ( exit ) johnny take the letter , glance at the envelope , register delight . then , aware of doolittle 's eye fix on he , he hastily put the letter in he pocket . judge doolittle ( glance up from papers office boy bring in ) rush ? important ? what be it ? johnny oh , it 's nothing . judge doolittle ( severely ) what be it ? johnny oh -- it 's a letter from my wife . judge doolittle you wife ? what do you do -- leave she in Boston ? johnny oh , no . she 's right here , sir . judge doolittle here -- in town ? johnny yes , sir . judge doolittle ( the great cross - examiner ) if you wife 's in town , why do she write you a letter ? johnny well , she like to write letter , judge . yes , it 's a sort of little custom we have . she write I a letter the first day she meet I , right as soon as she get home . she 's write to I every day since . even come down on the train together she write I . you see , when I get a letter from she , it 's sort of like a sort of visit , you see . judge doolittle hm -- mmm . johnny judge -- we -- when two people get marry , they usually go on a honeymoon . judge doolittle I do not . I do not approve of honeymoon -- waste of time ! johnny uh -- huh . well , you know how woman be , and Mrs. mason and I -- judge doolittle what about higgins against higgins ? you be the only one in the office who know this case and it 's on the calendar for next week . johnny if I could get a continuance -- judge doolittle oppose counsel would not consent . johnny but I talk to Mr. hornblow this morning and he agree to a continuance . judge doolittle well , all right -- take a week . johnny a week ! well , judge , I be afraid we would not be able to make it ina week . judge doolittle what ? johnny we could not make it in a week ! judge doolittle make what ? johnny my wife and I have sort of plan a trip to Europe on the normandie . judge doolittle oh , well -- take two week then . fade out : fade in : close up - BOX of flowers a envelope be lie on top of a bouquet of dahlias in a large box . a hand come in , take the envelope and remove the note inside . camera move up to close up note . it be write on the stationery of the law firm of doolittle , messerschmidt , doolittle and hutch . the note read : dear mother : have to rush from the train to the office . will be home for tea this afternoon . Love , johnny camera pan down to : p.s. bring with I a lovely girl I meet in Boston . dissolve to : int . live room - mason apartment - close shot - at tea table camera be on Mrs. mason , johnny 's mother . johnny' voice and after I get the cinder out of Jane 's eye we talk for a little while and then we take a little walk around the common . mrs . mason yes ? camera move back to take in johnny and Jane . Jane be sip she tea with exaggerated casualness . johnny and -- er -- we walk for quite some time . and then we go over to Thompson 's spa for a bite -- mrs . mason yes ? johnny ( stymy ) and we have a bite . mrs . mason well ! Rather a unconventional meeting , be not it ? there seem nothing else to say . jane ( brightly ) this cookie be delicious ! mrs . mason they be make with sour cream . johnny ( blurt out suddenly I be crazy about Jane ! Mrs. mason start so violently she spill some tea . mrs . mason ( to Jane ) John 's so young and impulsive ... johnny oh , now mother , wait a minute . this be different . mrs . mason ( to Jane ) be you visit relative here in New York , my dear ? johnny well , yes and no . we -- not exactly . jane I come over with johnny . mrs . mason ( horrify ) from Boston ? together ? last night ? johnny why , yes , mother , we think that as long as we be engage -- mrs . mason engage ! jane oh , I know how upset you must be , Mrs. mason . you know so little about I -- and it all happen so suddenly -- mrs . mason well I should think it be sudden ! what do you family have to say about it ? jane I have no family . mrs . mason oh. ( there be imply criticism in the syllable ) do not John say something about you take a course in journalism ? jane yes , but I give it up after I meet johnny . johnny yes -- I be sort of a post graduate course . mrs . mason ( she face brighten ) oh -- my dear , if you have a talent for write -- ( she become suddenly motherly ) take my advice and develop it while you be young . one need all one 's time and energy for a career . jane do not you think marriage be a career in itself ? mrs . mason oh , indeed ! emphatically ! that 's why one must not rush into it pell - mell . Marriage be a business -- a very serious business . a partnership in the strictest sense of the word . one must prepare for it . there be so many thing to learn . Jane look at johnny . johnny well , Jane will learn all of that -- after we be marry . mrs . mason I hope and pray that that day will not come for many year ! johnny well , mother -- what do you mean -- do you mean we should not -- mrs . mason emphatically not ! there 's no reason for Jane to develop into a little household drudge . oh , I hope you understand I have nothing against Jane . in fact , I like she -- I like she very much . johnny well , I be glad you do , mother , because ... you remember a little while ago you ask Jane whether she would come to New York to visit relative ? Jane wait breathlessly . johnny ( continue ) well , as a matter of fact , she have come to New York to visit relative . she 's visit some right now -- you see -- he can not finish -- look desperately at Jane . jane we be marry . Mrs. mason stare at they uncomprehensively for a instant . her mouth open and she hand go convulsively to she chest . mrs . mason ohhhh -- johnny ( pitifully ) now , mother -- everybody get marry sooner or later -- jane ( a cry of panic ) johnny , get the smell salt ! she rush over and start to chafe Mrs. mason 's wrist . Mrs. mason be gasp for breath like a fish out of water . johnny hover over she , agonize and scared . johnny what do they look like ? mother , where be the smell salt ? Mrs. mason gesture weakly in the direction of the bathroom . johnny rush out . Jane vigorously chafe Mrs. mason 's wrist . dissolve to : int . mason live room - close shot - at divan Mrs. mason be stretch out on the divan . she look as if she have just be bring home from the hospital . she speak in a weary , martyre voice . mrs . mason ohhhh ... what 's do be do . you will have child of you own , I suppose . camera draw back to take in johnny and Jane sit in chair which face the divan . they be haggard and dishevel . mrs . mason and you will love they and devote you life to they , and then they will grow up and leave you and you will say to yourself , it 's all right , that 's the way it be , you have serve you purpose . johnny oh , mother , do not excite yourself any more . mrs . mason oh , I be all right now . she start to get up . johnny and Jane help she to she foot . she take Jane 's hand . mrs . mason I wish you every possible happiness and joy . ( she voice tremble ) I think perhaps I would better go to bed . I be all right . I be all right . ( she start to exit , then turn with a sudden grey think ) I will find a place to live , of course . johnny some place to live ! well , of course not mother , you will stay with we . ( Mrs. mason shake she head ) we be , well , we be go to finda new apartment . ( again Mrs. mason shake she head ) we have talk this over and Jane will insist . wo not you , darling ? jane ( not too convincingly ) why , we could not think of anything else . mrs . mason ( shake she head desolately ) well , we will see . full shot - live room Mrs. mason totter , turn abruptly and exit to she bed-room . johnny and Jane look after she . two shot - johnny and jane look off after Mrs. mason . johnny well , you see , I tell you it would be all right . jane ( as she go into he arm ) oh , johnny , maybe we should not have get marry . maybe we should not have get marry at all . fade out : fade in : the normandie - stock shot - day atmosphere of just before sailing . through the fade , the sound of a steamer whistle . dissolve to : ext . boat deck - medium shot a steward pass through the crowd and come down the gangplank call : steward all visitor ashore , please ! all visitor ashore , please ! ext . boat deck normandie - near gangplank - close shot johnny - jane - mrs . mason in the midst of a similar group bid farewell to friend and relative . all through the scene there be a constant movement of people in the background . Mrs. mason tightly clutches a paper wrap bag . a hoarse blast from the steamer and Mrs. mason go rigid . mrs . mason ( to Jane ) do not let he eat too many strawberry . jane I will not . mrs . mason he get rash . and do not forget to make he wear he raincoat in London . jane I will not . mrs . mason he have pneumonia once . johnny oh , mother , that be twelve year ago . I feel fine now . mrs . mason ( to Jane ) and take good care of yourself , too . Mrs. mason and Jane exchange a embarrassed embrace and a kiss on the cheek . jane Goodbye , Mrs. mason . mrs . mason ( choke ) take good care of he . she look at johnny a instant as if to fix he image in she mind , then throw she arm around he . her embrace be much different than the one she give Jane . she hold onto she son as if she never expect to see he again . johnny be touch and embarrassed . johnny Goodbye , mother . aw now , mother -- it 's only two week , you know . mrs . mason ( in a strangle voice ) I know -- Goodbye . she finally let he go . johnny Goodbye . she give they what she think be a smile , but it 's really a tense twist of she lip . she start to go , then she remember something . mrs . mason oh . she hand the box she be carry to johnny . johnny what 's this ? mrs . mason the heating pad . you forget to pack it . she make a feeble effort to wave to they and exit . johnny look after she , perplex and wistful . ext . dock - close ( moving ) shot - mrs . mason with tear stream down she cheek , she move past people wave farewell to that on the boat . she turn once as if she mean to wave too -- then turn and plod doggedly ahead . int . corridor - mo . shot johnny and Jane come into the corridor glance at door . johnny have the heating pad under he arm . they find they stateroom and go up to the door numbered 504 . johnny here it be . int . stateroom - full shot johnny and Jane enter and look around . it 's the smallest first class cabin on the boat with a single bed in it . the only other furniture be a tiny desk and a couple of chair . two shot - johnny and jane Jane try to conceal she disappointment at the cell - like size of the room , but johnny get it . johnny ah , what do you think of it ? jane ( obvious hypocrisy well , it 's -- it 's cozy . johnny it 's the only one they have leave . I think we can do better after the boat sail . jane oh , what for ? I love it . it 's so intimate . Jane spy a package on the luggage deposit by the desk . jane what 's this ? insert : package it 's heavily wrap in tissue paper . Jane pick it up . close shot - jane and johnny johnny ( embarrassed ) oh that ! -- that 's nothing -- he grab it and keep it out of she reach . jane ( eagerly ) be it something somebody give you ? oh , I know it 's for I . let I see it ! johnny ( still embarrassed oh , no -- no , it be not . jane ( as though he be hold out on she ) it be too . let I see it ! johnny but it 's just something I forget to pack . jane well , what be you be so mysterious about ? let I see it . johnny it 's nothing ... she take the package and johnny look away , then watch she out of the corner of he eye , embarrassed . jane I bet it 's a go away present . close up - package Jane 's hand tear off the wrapping . jane's voice oh , johnny , you should not have do this . her hand rip off the last piece of tissue revealing a picture of herself . close two shot - jane and johnny Jane look at the picture , look at johnny , look back at the picture , enormously pleased . jane oh , johnny , you fool ! ( throw she arm around he neck and kissing he ) close up - johnny - over jane's shoulder johnny ( in a weak attempt to laugh it off ) well , gee whizz , I could not leave it in the office ! he look away , react to something off scene . johnny Jane -- jane ( she head still on he shoulder ) what ? johnny you know , when I be in school I be teach that two thing can not occupy the same place at the same time . jane what ? ( she draw back , look questioningly at johnny , follow he gaze ) oh . close up - tiny bed -- from Jane and johnny 's angle . back to jane and johnny they cross over to the bed , stare at it . jane well , we will get the steward to get we a bigger bed . johnny you could not get a bigger bed in here though . jane oh , I think it 's big enough . she stretch out on one side of the bed and look up at johnny . johnny wait till you try to turn around . be it all right ? jane sure it be . johnny lie on the other side of the bed , put he arm around Jane and they sink back on the pillow . johnny let 's see . that 's not so bad . why there 's ocean of room here . a look of blissful content steal over they . close up - johnny and jane on bed they be luxuriantly stretch out . jane ( dreamily ) johnny , this be the first time in my life I have ever be away from America . johnny ( almost purring ) I , too . jane be not it just beautiful ? johnny ( the complete sophisticate ) yeh , yeh , I guess so -- ( with a far-away look ) Jane ... jane ( meltingly ) what , johnny ? johnny ( reminiscently and tenderly ) do you remember that cinder I take out of you eye in Boston ? jane ( positively overflow with gooey love ) I will never forget it . johnny ( self -recriminate ) do you know that I throw it away ? I should not have do that . I should have keep that cinder -- put it ina locket or something . if it have not be for that cinder , maybe we would never have meet ... jane ( horrify at the very idea ! ) do not say that , johnny -- we have to meet . johnny ( grudgingly admit ) yeh , yeh , I guess you be right . ( but still cling to he original fearsome idea ) but still ... if it have not be for that cinder -- jane oh , johnny -- be not it just beautiful ? a hoarse blast from the steamer whistle . she edge a bit closer to he and they turn to look at each other . jane ( with infinite tenderness ) bon voyage , darling . johnny ( same manner ) bon voyage . they kiss . carter' voice where be stateroom 504 ? steward first room to you leave , sir . there be a knock on the door . johnny and Jane exchange a startle glance . johnny come in . medium shot johnny and Jane get off the bed . the door open and Carter enter . we get a feel he have come on a mission which he find exceedingly pleasant . johnny well , hello , Carter . Nice of you to come down . carter judge doolittle send I . johnny he do ? Jane come into the scene . johnny introduce she to Carter . johnny ( to Carter ) Carter , this be miss -- Mrs. -- this be my wife . darling , this be Mr. Carter from the office . jane how do you do ? carter happy to know you . ( to johnny ) it 's a good thing I get here in time . you have get just ten minute . johnny ten minute for what ? carter ( hugely enjoy the moment ) to get off the boat . Jane react to this . johnny turn to she . johnny to get off the -- what be you talk about ? carter higgins against higgins . johnny ( a note of doom in he voice ) what about higgins against higgins ? carter higgins against higgins go on the calendar for next week . johnny oh , no , no . that 's where you be mistaken . I get a continuance for a whole month . carter you think you do . johnny I do ! why do not you ask hornblow about it ? he give I he word of honor . carter ( shrug ) well , you know hornblow . jane ( frantically ) johnny , they can not do this to you ! johnny no , they can not do this to I ! jane what do doolittle think he be -- a puppet ? johnny what do he think I be -- a puppet or something ? jane some kind of a pawn he can push around any way he like ? johnny yes -- push all over the place ? carter ( to johnny ) be that what you want I to tell doolittle ? jane ( shout ) yes ! fluster , johnny address Carter apologetically . johnny oh , Carter , wait a minute ! be you sure that higgins case be go on next week ? carter Monday morning at nine o'clock . johnny will you excuse we a minute ? -- Jane -- Carter saunter out into the corridor , leave the door open . johnny steer Jane to other side of room . jane I be glad you say that , johnny . close two shot - jane and johnny johnny yeah -- yeah - Jane , look -- this higgins versus higgins be a pretty important case . jane I do not care if it 's the most important case in the world -- it be not as important as we honeymoon , be it ? johnny oh , no -- of course not , darling . ( Jane start to wipe he mouth with she handkerchief ) but what 's the matter ? jane you have get lipstick all over you mouth . johnny ( continue ) a lawyer be sort of like a doctor or a soldier -- you -- you have get to disregard you own convenience . jane convenience ! you do not call this a convenience ! during this scene Carter can be see pace back and forth in the corridor . johnny no , no darling -- now listen , darling , believe I I would tell doolittle to jump in the lake -- even at the risk of lose my job , but if I win this case -- I have a chance to get into the firm . and -- and a firm like this -- he stop suddenly as he note the expression on she face and he jaw harden . johnny ( continue ) but it 's my honeymoon ! and doolittle know it 's my honeymoon ! camera pan with he as he start pace back and forth . in the background Carter pace in the corridor , pass the open door . johnny look up at the moment that Carter pass , give he a significant look . johnny ( with inflection dimuendo ) there be just some thing a man just can not do . there be some thing aman just can not do ! dissolve to : long shot - normandie leaving crowd on dock wave farewell . among they , Jane and johnny . two shot - reverse angle johnny and Jane be both glum -- Jane 's eye be wet -- as they look out toward the normandie sailing away . jane that Carter think it be funny ! he laugh ! oh , I hate that -- that liver - pill ! johnny if they ever try pull anything like this again , I ... jane and I hate that judge do-noth . I -- I wish someone would step on that ear-thing of he . johnny well , we still have the ticket here ... jane and I hope higgins beat higgins ! ( she break ) oh , johnny -- he put he arm around she and they stare bleakly out to sea . long shot - the normandie sailing away fade out : fade in : ext . johnny' apartment insert apartment bell under it name plate contain a card with name : mr . and mrs . JOHN H. mason and under it the half of another card , with name : mrs . harriet mason a woman 's glove hand come into shot and press button . int . hallway johnny' apartment - medium shot Annie , the cook , carry a mixing spoon and flushed and grumpy from she labor in the kitchen , go to the door and admit Mrs. mason . Annie wear a black uniform cover by a large kitchen apron . mrs . mason ( hold forth a paper bag ) the alligator pear , Annie . Annie grunt , snatch the paper package . Mrs. mason have turn to take off she coat . she turn now to hand it to Annie but find she have go . jane's voice ( call from bedroom ) johnny ! annie ( as she pass bedroom ) it 's you mother - in - law . jane's voice oh , hello , dear ! int . hall - close shot - as mrs . mason remove her hat jane's voice oh , would you mind fix the place card for I ? I be so late . they be right in there on the desk . mrs . mason certainly , dear . ( she start into dining room ) int . dine room Jane 's voice be continue off scene as Mrs. mason enter , give the table a critical once -over . it be set for six . jane's voice that girl take so long to fix my hair , I do not get out of the place till half past six . it 's still sopping wet . Mrs. mason have pick up the place card from the desk and cross to table , sorting they . mrs . mason ( start to fix place card ) you should have make a earlier appointment . int . jane's bedroom - close shot at dresser Jane , fix up before mirror , react to this imply criticism . jane ( grimly ) yes , I should . ( she rouge savagely ) I think I would put judge doolittle on my right , of course . int . dine room - medium shot Mrs. mason be place the card . mrs . mason naturally . int . bedroom - close shot - jane jane and Mr. Carter -- I suppose I will have to have he on my leave . int . dine room - close shot - mrs . mason mrs . mason you seem to think I have never do this before . int . bedroom jane no , no dear . it 's just that I never have . int . dine room - medium shot Annie enter from kitchen and go to sideboard . she open a drawer to look for nut cracker . mrs . mason you have the wine glass on the wrong side , Annie . annie ( resentfully ) the leave side be the right side where I work before . mrs . mason ( shake she head ) the right side be the water glass , Annie . Annie exit to kitchen in a huff , give the swinging door a push that cause it to swing violently . Mrs. mason take the floral center - piece off the table and bring it over to the sideboard . Jane enter from bedroom , she hair in a net and wear a house robe . jane how do you think the table look ? mrs . mason be not it a little crowded ? Jane see that the center- piece have be remove . jane oh , that girl will drive I crazy ! she go to the sideboard , take the centerpiece and replace it on the table . jane the thing that pop up at the last minute ! I have to borrow some finger bowl from the woman downstairs because we only have four . ( she scan the place card ) oh -- be you at johnny 's right ? mrs . mason I always have be . jane I think tonight I would put miss doolittle there . mrs. mason oh well , of course , it 's you party , my dear . jane ( re-arranges the place card ) just this once . do you mind ? mrs . mason certainly not . ( reminiscently ) you know , I think at one time that John and Eunice doolittle -- jane ( turn sharply ) yes ? mrs . mason but there be nothing in it ... buta lovely girl ! jane ( abruptly ) would you be a dear and see if Annie have the appetizer fix ? mrs . mason of course , dear . ( she exit to kitchen ) close up - jane she pick up Eunice 's place card and look at it thoughtfully . int . kitchen Annie be busy at the stove . she be not accustom to dinner for six and be in a violent temper . mrs . mason I think you have too many on the plate , Annie . and should not they be garnish ? where 's the silver tray -- the one I give they ? annie I do not know how many hand they expect you to have in this place ! there 's just so much a body can do ! I be only human . Annie place tray before Mrs. mason . mrs . mason I will fix the canape for you , Annie , since you seem to have so much to do . ( taste salad dress ) a little too much vinegar in you salad dress , Annie , I be afraid . annie I be only human . mrs . mason ( look toward stove ) oh , you potato be not go to burn , be they ? I be afraid you put they on too early . Annie slam down mixing spoon and start savagely out of the kitchen . int . bedroom - close shot - at dresser Jane be continue with she dress . the grim face of Annie suddenly appear in the mirror . annie I be leavin ' . jane ( turn , horrify ) you be what ? annie right now . you can stand just so much . I be only human . jane but you can not do that ! what 's the matter ? annie I can not please everybody . jane ( understanding reference to mother - in - law and depressed -- then frantic ) oh ... but , Annie -- my guest will be here any minute ! int . kitchen - mrs . mason at stove she take the top off the soup kettle , taste it , add a little salt -- look at the potato , add a large hunk of butter -- open oven , look at roast , turn down gas jet . in short , she completely edit Annie 's dinner . int . bedroom - two shot - jane and annie annie well , I will see you through dinner , but I be leave at nine o'clock sharp to catch the nine- thirty fairy boat to staten Island -- a ' nobody 's goin ' to stop I ! ( she exit ) int . dine room - medium shot annie ( enter from bedroom , mutter under she breath ) I be only human . Mrs. mason leave kitchen as Annie enter it . mrs . mason watch the potato , Annie ! Annie hit the door a smack and it swing violently behind she as she enter kitchen . Jane enter from live room and proceed toward Mrs. mason . two shot - jane and mrs . mason jane ( gently tactful ) dear , Annie have so much to do -- the extra guest and everything -- do not you think we would better humor she tonight -- sort of leave she alone ... mrs . mason ( crucify ) you ask I to see about the canape -- jane I know -- but it 's a great deal for one person to do . and too many of we tell she what to do only upset she . mrs. mason ( at same time ) well -- I be only try to help . a whistle from the live room interrupt they . jane there 's johnny ! int . live room - close shot - johnny he step up to greet he wife and he mother , hold something conceal under he coat . jane I bet you forget the wine ! triumphantly he produce the bottle from under he coat and hand it to Jane . johnny Old granite puss 's favorite brand ! ( kiss Jane on lip and take off he overcoat ) I call up doolittle 's club and find out -- pretty nice , huh ? ( throw overcoat on hall bench and kiss he mother on forehead -- reach over and take bottle from Jane -- look at it ) it 's burgundy and it sparkles ! ( hand it to he mother ) tell Annie to chill it , mother . they will be here any minute ! ( to Jane ) you would better get dress ! ( start to take off coat and vest as he cross to bedroom door , follow by Jane ) int . bedroom - mo . shot johnny rush in , fling he coat on the bed , and be rip at he tie as he start into the bathroom . johnny' voice how 's everything go ? jane everything 's lovely ! a ultimatum from Annie and this one 's final ! she go to the bed to pick up johnny 's coat -- he pants come fly out and drape themselves over she . the sound of run water . jane she 's through tonight . close shot - at bathroom door johnny pop he head out -- quickly without even look at himself , give himself about a seven-stroke electric shave . int . johnny ( thunderstruck ) tonight ! bedroom - mo . shot jane it 's all right . she will see we through dinner . johnny' voice ( from bathroom ) I do not see why you have so much trouble with servant . down at the office we get all the help we want . Jane close she eye and grit she tooth . jane I would like to change place with you for just one day . the noise of the electric razor stop . Jane be take johnny 's suit to closet . she hang it up and come out with different suit . johnny' voice Jane , for Pete 's sake , what do you do with the witch hazel ? jane I do not have it . look on the third shelf back of the eye wash . johnny' voice ( grumble ) always put thing behind thing ... jane ( put johnny 's suit on the bed ) that be a brilliant idea of yours , ask Eunice doolittle at the last minute ! she get she dress from closet . johnny' voice she and the judge be like corn beef and cabbage . they be always together . ( he come out in he underwear ) jane ( take off she robe ) and that impossible twirp , Carter -- I suppose you have to ask he , too ! johnny get a shirt from dresser and start put it on . johnny Eunice have some sort of date with Carter . what could I do ? ( mumble to himself ) I not only do all that guy 's work , for he , but feed he as well . ( reach for he pants and start get into they -- one leg first ) it 's all go to be different when my name go up on that door . Jane , get into she dress , come over to he . johnny have one leg in he pants . jane oh , johnny -- do you really think so ? johnny it 's practically up there now . what 's for dinner tonight ? jane roast beef . johnny roast beef ! doolittle 's delight . jane you know , I try to have Annie make Yorkshire pudding -- but she never hear of it . johnny oh , that 's all right . between roast beef and higgins against higgins how can we lose ? yes , sir , that 's go to be all right -- my name up there on the door . he start to button he shirt . Jane assist he . johnny ( as he button top button ) doolittle -- jane ( button second button ) messerschmidt -- johnny ( button third button ) doolittle -- jane ( button fourth button ) hutch -- johnny ( button last button ) and mason ! jane oh , johnny ! johnny well , do not I win my motion for a new trial in higgins against higgins ? I have a memo from doolittle today . jane oh , you do . what do he say ? johnny he say he could not have handle it better himself . and when he eat from you table tonight , he will eat out of my hand . and will I tell Carter ! jane and will we hop the normandie ! johnny and will we go place ! jane and will we do thing ! ( look at johnny ) darling , I do not like that tie . wear the blue one . johnny ( start to take off tie ) Holy mackerel . jane johnny , do you name have to be last ? johnny well , for the time be anyway . you know what it mean to a man to get into a firm like that ? jane ( squirming with she dress ) you know what it mean to a firm to get aman like you in it ? ( turn she back to he ) here , hook I up . he come behind she to hook she . johnny pretty nice neck you have get there . ( kiss she on the back of the neck ) jane as nice as Eunice doolittle 's ? johnny what do I know about Eunice doolittle 's neck ? I never even notice she have one . ( quickly change the subject which be a slightly dangerous one -- look at he wrist watch ) hey , do you know what time it be ? get dress , will you ? jane I be dress . johnny ( get into he coat ) come on then ! ( start out the door ) Old granite puss will be here any minute . doolittle's voice good evening . johnny react , turn and start toward he guest . close shot - group in live room judge doolittle stand in a group include Mrs. mason , Carter , and Eunice , the judge 's daughter . johnny and Jane come into the scene . johnny ( fearfully ) good evening , judge . I have get great news for you tonight , judge . we be have roast beef . roast beef for dinner , yeah . int . dine room - close shot - annie her face grim , a large serve platter in she arm . camera draw back and we see she be serve doolittle , squeezing up against he so that he be in a very awkward position . a appall silence hang over the table . from the condition of the various plate , we can see it be Annie 's second time around . doolittle manage to spear a slice . he put it on he plate and be about to reach for another when he find that Annie have move on to Jane . a little bewilder , doolittle place the serve fork and spoon on the edge of the platter . he have to reach across Jane to do this . close up - eunice with one prong of she fork she spear the very end of a stalk of asparagus and pop it into she mouth -- with a expressive look at Carter , as if to say : whatever make I come here tonight ? close up - carter he shrug , stick he tongue against he cheek , look ceilingward and make cabalistic mark on the tablecloth with the end of he knife . close up - mrs . mason she ignore she food and beat with she finger tip on the edge of the table . she seem to be nursing some secret grievance and stewing about it . close up - johnny he saw away at a piece of meat that be make a bum out of he knife . he give up and lean forward with a gesture of he hand as if he be about to make a desperate effort to renew the conversation -- but the effort be abortive . he find he have nothing to say . close shot - jane and doolittle she turn to doolittle . jane ( rather loudly , in deference to doolittle 's deafness ) would you care for some more wine , judge doolittle ? judge doolittle yes . thank you . jane ( to Annie , at other end of table ) Annie -- more wine for judge doolittle . annie ( loudly ) there be not any more . doolittle decide to start on he salad . he can not find a salad fork . with a crucify expression , he use he meat fork . Annie start toward the kitchen . jane ( sharply ) a salad fork for judge doolittle , Annie ! annie ( as she exit into kitchen ) I put one there . the swinging door close behind she . jane ( desperately try to change the subject ) funniest thing happen to I the other day , judge doolittle -- I run across the year book of my husband 's class at college , and in the class prophecy he be pick out as the one most likely to succeed . judge doolittle what 's that ? jane ( louder ) the other day I run across the year book of my husband 's class at college , and in the class prophecy -- judge doolittle oh , yes , yes -- yes . jane higgins against higgins be quite a important case , be not it , judge doolittle ? judge doolittle we like to think all we case be important . the little client of today may be the big client of tomorrow . close up - carter carter oh , you be so right , judge . close shot - doolittle and jane judge doolittle for instance , we get a client the other day ... full shot Annie have be serve the dessert . she set a plate of almost liquid ice cream before the judge . he stare at it . jane oh dear -- ( at the break point , but try desperately to control herself ) what happen to you ice cream , Annie ? Annie continue serve the ice cream . annie I tell you to have the ice box fix . she put a piece of paper alongside Jane 's plate . Jane look at the note . insert - the note it read : " I have get to leave . I want my pay . $ 12.00 . " full shot - the table Annie be stand near Jane . Jane hand she the note and whisper to she . jane ( whisper to Annie ) Annie , give this note to Mr. mason . Annie depart with note . close up - jane she look across the table and try to mouth the import of Annie 's message to johnny . close up - johnny he mouth back inquiry . he can not make out what Jane be try to convey . close up - carter look from Jane to johnny , wonder what 's go on . medium shot Jane give up and turn to doolittle . jane johnny be it true , judge doolittle , something new be go to happen in the firm this week ? by this time have get the significance of the note . he rise and start out . johnny johnny ( to doolittle ) Excuse I . judge doolittle what ? johnny Excuse I , please ? exit . doolittle continue . judge doolittle oh yes -- we be go to have a blood transfusion ... I be only speak metaphorically of course . what I mean be we be get some new blood into the firm -- appoint a junior partner . jane oh ! she look frantically toward the kitchen . int . kitchen johnny you could not stay and serve the coffee , could you Annie ? annie no ! johnny here 's seven dollar -- and I will send you -- annie ( adamant -- in a loud voice ) I want my twelve dollar now ! johnny ( whisper and try to shush she ) all right , Annie -- all right . I will get it for you . I will get it -- maybe . turn to go out . mo shot - dine room judge doolittle that 's how to keep a old firm young . I have be do this every five year and it 's quite a job to pick the right man . johnny come out of the kitchen . doolittle frown at the interruption . jane johnny -- johnny ( as he pass the table ) Excuse I -- ( he proceed to the live room ) mrs . mason ( answer doolittle ) I should not think so . surely it 's a question of merit -- int . bedroom - close shot - johnny he rummages through Jane 's bureau drawer -- stocking and handkerchief fall out , etc ... find she purse , take out a small roll of bill , close the purse , restore it to its place . full shot - dine room judge doolittle as a rule I always trust my own judgment , but when it come to pick man -- johnny enter from the live room . jane johnny -- johnny Excuse I -- he exit again into the kitchen . doolittle be more annoyed than ever at the continuous interruption . judge doolittle ( continue ) ... I think there 's nothing like a woman 's intuition . carter oh , you be so right , judge . judge doolittle of course , Eunice do not know much about law -- but she 's travel all over the world and she do know people . five year ago it be at she suggestion that I take Mr. hutch into the firm . it work out so well ... johnny enter from the kitchen and take he place at the table . johnny I beg you pardon -- I be very sorry ... judge doolittle ( continue he speech ) ... that this year I have again consult my daughter . and now a new name move up on the door of we office . ( johnny and Jane listen eagerly ) beginning next Monday , the name of the firm will be -- doolittle -- quick close ups - group at table wait expectantly for doolittle to announce the new firm member . doolittle's voice messerschmidt -- doolittle -- hutch -- and Carter . close up - jane she react in keen disappointment . she look across the table at johnny . close up - johnny try to rise to the occasion , he stand ... johnny well , Carter -- congratulation ! it 's wonderful . I always know you have it in you ... I would like to propose a toast to the new partner -- only -- we -- seem to have run out of -- wine . there be not any more wine . his voice crack on the last word and he sink to he chair . big close up - jane she look at johnny try to smile -- the tear run down she face . fade out : fade in : ( autumn ) int . anteroom doctor' suite - close shot - door upon which be write : dr . langham camera draw back as the door open and Jane come out -- excited , starry - eye , almost cross -ey with the import of news she have just receive from the doctor . camera pan with she and she go to a desk at which be seat a nurse , busily engage with filing card . jane ( tremulously ) May I have some paper and a envelope , please ? nurse certainly . she hand Jane a sheet of office stationery and a envelope . jane thank you . camera pan Jane over to a little write desk . she sit down , reach for the pen and draw a large heart in the center of the sheet . in she excitement she begin to hum " Columbia , the gem of the Ocean " as she start to write a note within the heart . nurse would you like a stamp ? jane no thank you . close shot - jane at writing desk humming and write . she look up . jane could I have a safety pin , please ? nurse's voice surely . she come into the shot and put a safety pin on the desk . jane thank you . nurse exit . Jane fix the safety pin on the note she have just write , fold the note , enclose it in the envelope and write furiously on envelope . she seal the letter and rise . camera pan with she as she start to exit . the nurse , amused , turn to watch she leave . as Jane disappear through the door -- dissolve to : int . courtroom - close up - johnny camera panning with he as he pace before the jury box . we meet a new and startlingly different johnny . he may be a worm to doolittle -- a schnook to Jane -- and Little Lord fauntleroy to he mother , but here he be in he element -- the flame advocate , conclude he eloquent summation to the jury in a burst of forensic firework . johnny and I tell you , gentleman of the jury , the defendant higgins , with unbrotherly venom and motivate solely by a desire maliciously and hatefully to interfere with he brother 's rights and privilege -- close shot - the juror the foreman be consulting a time table . johnny' voice -- deliberately and improperly divert the water of the stream -- insert : time table feature schedule of train to Long Island . the foreman 's finger be run down a list of train . now the train after the four o'clock be circle . mo shot - courtroom - including judge , johnny , clerk , jury , etc . johnny ( fervently ) well , gentleman , I leave the determination of this matter in you hand , confident that you verdict will bring justice to my client , the plaintiff in this action . johnny wipe he brow and subside . close up - judge he come to with a start from something very closely approximate a nap and shake he head to clear he drowsy wit . judge gentlemen of the jury -- mo . shot - juror the foreman 's face pucker with anxiety as he look at time table . judge's voice you will now retire to arrive ata verdict . the jury start to file out of the jury box . close shot - johnny seat at counsel table make note . a bailiff come over and whisper in he ear . johnny 's face light up and he turn and look toward the other end of courtroom . he rise and wave joyously -- then start eagerly out of shot . close shot last row of seat in courtroom . Jane be seat there . johnny come into scene and she move over one seat to make room for he . he drop into the seat alongside and put he arm around she waist . jane I come in just as you start you summation , johnny -- it be wonderful ! johnny you should have be here when I cross-examined higgins . jane you higgins ? johnny no -- the other one . man ( pass through scene ) you skinned he alive . johnny I tore he apart ! I really cut he up -- jane johnny -- she hand he a envelope . he grin at she and look at it . insert : the envelope on Dr. langham 's stationery and mark : johnny rush ! urgent ! vital ! two shot - johnny and jane johnny open the letter and read it . Jane be watch johnny with bate breath . johnny 's eye open wide as he read the letter and begin to gather its import . insert : the letter instead of one heart - shape enclosure , there be two join together by the safety pin . within the large heart be write : " the party of the second part wish to announce to the party of the first part that we be go to be in the market for a lot of this for the -- here a curve arrow point to the safety pin . within the small heart be write : Party of the third part . " two shot - johnny and jane johnny look up at Jane . he be speechless with surprise and joy . he try to say something but he bob Adam 's apple prevent speech . johnny ( suddenly shouting ) Jane ! he take she into he arm . Three man come into the shot . first man congratulation , mason ! second man good work ! third man you do a swell job ! fade out : fade in : ( late spring ) ext . hospital - close shot - a tablet it read : manhattan maternity hospital dissolve to : int . private room in hospital - close shot - johnny asleep in bed . he have take a room next to Jane 's in the hospital . a blink neon sign from outside window be flash in he face . camera move back as he move restlessly and suddenly awake with nightmarish movement . stupefy with sleep , he fumble with clock on bedside table . insert : clock it indicate a few minute to four o'clock . hospital room - medium shot johnny leap out of bed , still more asleep than awake , take another look at the clock , then quickly come to life . he blunder into he bathrobe and slipper , put on the former as he exit room . int . hospital corridor - close shot - at door as johnny , still half asleep , come into the hall . camera pan with he to adjoin room . johnny listen , hear nothing -- he knock softly on door , get no answer , hesitates and then softly open the door . look into the room . medium shot - the room it be brightly light . camera move up to the bed . it be empty but not make up . close up - johnny he take in the significance of the empty bed and register accordingly . int . hospital corridor - long shot johnny streak away from he wife 's room and run down the corridor . as he reach end of corridor ; dissolve to : int . anteroom - obstetrician section - close shot at door it open and johnny , wild - eye , pop in . a nurse walk into the scene and bar he further progress . johnny be it -- happen ? nurse it 's happen . johnny why do not they wake I ? I want to be with she -- I have get a right to be with my wife , have not I ? nurse ( a little impatiently ) all right . wait a minute . you can not go in there until you put this on . he wait , tremblingly -- look toward the opposite door . the nurse come back with surgical gown and mask . she help he with the garment and mask . he keep look toward the opposite door . close shot - opposite door the door swing open for a moment as another nurse come out of the delivery room . a quick glimpse of the activity inside before the door swing shut . int . delivery room - mo . shot - shoot toward door to anteroom johnny enter , walk toward operate table . close shot - jane ( taking in only her face ) as johnny come up - anaesthetist in background Jane see johnny and be just barely able to smile , make a weak effort to say , " hello . " close up - johnny his lip move under the mask with answer greeting . close shot - anaesthetist -- as he prepare ether mask . close shot - mask coming over jane's face 127 close shot - johnny he have pick up Jane 's hand and we get the reaction of the ether on she from the manner in which she hand droops out of he . medium shot across johnny 's back as he step away from table -- beyond can be see doctor and anaesthetist 's activity - but johnny 's body cover view of Jane . close up - johnny he react to activity . close flash of various detail of delivery : nurse -- Doctor -- assistant -- busy expert hand hand such instrument as may be permissible to doctor , etc . over this Shots -- low and indistinguishable -- come the various voice of Doctor , nurse and other appropriate sound . there be , however , no sound of pain as Jane be under half ether . close up - johnny react to activity . close shot - johnny' eye in the eye be double print the activity in the delivery room . closeup of anaesthetist with bag - obstetrician and assistant - showing there exertion - intercut with johnny' agonized face watching long shot - delivery room johnny in foreground block out Jane 's body . we get a glimpse of the doctor and nurse as obstetrician hold the newborn baby . close up - obstetrician as he hold the baby up by the foot . the obstetrician be slapping the baby 's foot . it emit a tiny squeak . obstetrician come on -- you can do better than that . ( slap the baby 's foot again ) close up - johnny watch -- he eye almost pop out of he head . into the shot come the querulous wail of the newborn babe . obstetrician voice Atta boy ! long shot - from johnny' point of view activity around operate table . it start to go out of focus . close up - johnny he slip to the floor in a dead faint . fade out : fade in : int . hospital - cashier' window - close up a hospital bill with itemize account of hospital expense make out to John H. mason . cashier 's hand come into shot and stamp a pay rubber stamp form on bill . cashier' voice now he 's all yours , Mr. mason . camera draw back as we see johnny stand in front of cashier 's cage . cashier hand johnny the bill . johnny ( as he look at bill ) all mine . cashier come in again some time . johnny thank you -- I will . ( he start to go , then realize the import of she remark , stop for a moment , embarrassed ) I mean I -- yeah . ( he exit precipitously fade out : fade in : long shot - corner - 5 th avenue as the traffic sign go to " stop " for 5th Avenue traffic . a 5th Avenue bus , a carriage , a taxi and a truck pull up and stop . in f.g. , be a mount policeman direct traffic . close up - traffic signal Light turn to " go " for 5th Avenue . long shot - fifth avenue corner ( as before ) traffic stand immovable -- car behind start honk -- people on bus , coachman , truck driver , etc. , still look down into taxi . irate cop gallop over towards taxi . close shot across roof of taxi as cop ride into scene . cop ( bawling at driver ) hey ! what do you think you be do hold up traffic ? he suddenly look down and he expression change to a broad grin . cop oh ... what be it , boy or girl ? int . taxi - close shot - jane and johnny Jane be hold the baby . johnny grin proudly . johnny 's expression . jane what do you think ? close shot - cop the cop smile , understanding . the horn honk and blow again . cop turn and after the impatient honker . cop hey , cut that out ! wake that baby ! go . do you want to all right -- get traffic start to move . int . taxi - johnny and jane johnny curiously embarrassed ; Jane proud . indifferent . jane johnny ? johnny uh huh -- jane ( softly ) like he ? johnny ( sheepish grin -- try very hard to conceal he memotion ) sort of . jane do not you think he 's ... he 's just Jane indicate start furiously start furiously the baby alone be beautiful ? johnny ( dodging the question ) he ... he look old , do not you think ? jane Old ? what do you mean , old ? johnny I mean ... he look as though he be six month old -- or a year -- at least . jane oh , johnny , you be silly ... but do not you think he 's just beautiful ? johnny ( dodging ) I hope he grow up to look like you . jane how can he ? he have all you feature . johnny I do not see how you can tell that by look at that face . close up - baby who look like no one on earth . jane's voice just look at the way he eye crinkle ... just the way yours do when you be happy . back to scene johnny he do not look happy . he look kind of bored . jane well , you would be bored too , if you would be through what he have ... but do not you think he 's just beautiful ? johnny have put out he hand . the baby have grip he finger . insert : baby 's finger grip johnny 's johnny' voice Boy , what a grip ! back to scene jane ( tenderly ) but do not you think he 's just beautiful ! fade out : fade in : int . apartment bathroom - next morning ( late spring ) OPEN on close shot baby in portable canvas baby ' bath set up in bathroom . Jane 's hand be spong the baby . johnny' voice well , fella , how do you like you first bath ? camera draw back to reveal Jane , in house gown give the baby its first bath at home . johnny , in shirt sleeve , be sit on the edge of the tub , fascinate . Mrs. mason stand alongside watch and coach . the advent of the baby have materially change the appearance of the bathroom . a clothesline be rig across the room and on it hang three diaper hold by clothespin . a baby 's scale set on the close seat of the toilet , or on a clothes hamper or etc . Jane handle the baby very gingerly . mrs . mason be sure you soap he head thoroughly . it prevent cradle - cap . jane ( still pleasantly ) yes , mother . I know . mrs . mason ( more baby talk to baby ) ittie johnny do not want nasty old cradle - cap , do oo ? johnny look at that shoulder ! can I do something Jane ? ( pleadingly ) please ! he reach for baby as Jane lift he out of the water . this movement make Jane almost let it slip through she hand and she exclaim in fright : jane ( panicky ) now look what you have do ! I almost drop he ! do move over , johnny -- please ! her back to camera , she hold the baby in she arm as she pull over the canvas top of the tub and lay the baby on it . mrs . mason if you would let I show you how -- jane ( not quite so pleasantly ) I know how . they show I at the hospital . ( she be now drying the baby , she back still to camera ) mrs . mason you do not rub the baby dry . you just pat he . jane ( beginning to wear thin ) I be patting he . mrs . mason he look red . maybe the water be too hot . jane ( pleasantly ) no , mother . it be just right . I test it . mrs . mason ( to baby in baby talk ) be its ' ittle water too hot for ittie johnny ? jane ( she turn to johnny ) johnny , will you hand I he shirt ? johnny reach for the wrong garment . jane not that one ! this one . she get the shirt , start to put it on . johnny ( admiringly ) look at the chest on he ! ( eagerly ) can not I help ? neither woman pay any attention to he . mrs . mason be careful of he little head , my dear . jane ( still pleasantly ) I will , mother . johnny , you would better go in the kitchen and warm he milk . pan with johnny as he start out of the room . he almost collide with the clothesline and have to stoop in order to get by it ; almost knock over the scale as he exit . mrs . mason ( call to johnny not too hot , John ! close shot - jane the baby be now all dress for the night , and Jane have he safely cradle in she arm . jane ( fervently ) hallelujah ! ( with great sigh of relief ) he 's bath ! dissolve to : int . live room - at crib Mrs. mason stand over the crib . Jane be wearily stretch out in a chair near the crib , she arm and leg stretch in fatigue , she eye close : the mother just back from the hospital . the baby be cry lustily . they look harass . mrs . mason a touch of colic . jane ( without open she eye -- wearily ) no , mother , he 's just hungry . mrs . mason ( with madden tolerance of she daughter - in - law 's stupidity ) I be sorry , my dear , but it 's colic ... he 's be cry for five minute . Jane close she eye and control herself with effort . jane ( sit up a little , call impatiently ) johnny ! where 's that bottle ! johnny come in from kitchen , triumphantly carry the baby 's bottle . johnny ( go toward the crib ) here , fella -- the feed bag ! close shot - johnny at crib the baby still squawling -- johnny try to put the bottle into its hand . close shot - baby baby 's hand fight off bottle , as he continue to bawl . close shot -johnny Jane come into scene . she yank the bottle from johnny . jane they do not eat with they hand , you dope ! she roll up she sleeve and test the temperature of the milk by spilling a few drop on she forearm , look at johnny in a superior manner and shaking she head . she lower the bottle toward the crib . close up - baby as Jane force the bottle into its mouth . his squawling cease instantly and he suck the nipple with vehement appreciation . medium shot again Jane go to chair and sink down wearily . the doorbell ring . johnny exit to answer it . Jane look at the content baby , then speak to Mrs. mason : jane ( lie back in she chair , close she eye ) you see mother , he be hungry . mrs . mason if he be feed on time he would not cry . jane ( her eye still close , she hand tighten on the arm of the chair ) as soon as we be organize ... mrs . mason ( interrupt ) too bad he have to be feed on a bottle . jane ( sigh -- grimly ) I have not hear the baby complain yet . mrs . mason John never see a bottle till he be six month old . close up - jane control herself , speak as inaudibly as possible -- practically to herself : jane ( as she speak she clenches she hand on the arm of the chair ) I will not say anything . I will not say anything . I will not say anything ... mrs . mason's voice what 's that , my dear ? back to scene johnny come in -- carry a flat , small package already half unwrapped . johnny what do you think ? it 's a present from old granite puss ... he sit down beside Jane , start unwrap the package . jane I will bet it 's a summon . johnny no -- it 's a bank book . insert : johnny 's hand finish open package . it contain a bank book show that a account have be open in the name of John H. mason , Jr , with a open deposit of $ 10.00 -- and accompany it be judge doolittle 's business card . johnny 's hand turn the card over . on it be handwritten : " a penny earn be a penny save . " close shot - group johnny he 's deposit ten dollar . ( he hand Jane the open bank book . ) Mrs. mason glance over Jane 's shoulder . johnny say -- that 's a lot of money for the little guy . jane I hope it do not plunge doolittle into bankruptcy . johnny after that hospital bill he 's get more cash in the bank than I have . mrs . mason ( very superior ) I think it 's very considerate of judge doolittle to think about the baby 's future . jane I be not worried about he future -- it 's the present that bother I ... where be we go to put he ? johnny why can not he stay in we room ? jane you know he keep you awake last night . mrs . mason ( with demure over - sweetness ) you should have take that into consideration , my dear , before you rent this apartment . jane ( too tired to argue ) I know . I should have . mrs . mason if my own room be not so small -- jane ( sweetly , forget and forgive what she 's be through ) oh , I would not think of it , dear . close shot at door - leading to entry hall hilda , the current cook , stand listen . johnny' voice we could keep he in we room day and in the live room night . jane's voice that 's too far from the bedroom . johnny' voice well , in the dining room , then . jane's voice it 's too near the kitchen -- but I suppose we will have to . hilda show that she do not relish the idea of the baby be near the kitchen . she cough to attract attention . hilda Mrs. -- jane's voice yes , hilda ? hilda ( swedish accent ) could I please see you a minute ? Jane come into the shot . jane what be it , hilda ? hilda you mother - in- law hire I when you be away -- but she do not say why you be away -- jane ( tight -lipped ) you mean you do not approve of my have a baby ? hilda that 's you business . you can have as many baby as you like . jane ( grimly ) thank you . that 's big of you . hilda but my business be cooking . you get somebody else to wash the diaper . she turn and start to exit . Jane call after she , almost tearfully : jane you be -- ( with a wail ) you be fire ! hilda pay no attention to this parting sally but continue she march across the room . hear johnny 's Voice as Jane turn back into room : johnny' voice ( talk to baby -- very cheerful , oblivious to all the agony ) do not you worry , johnny -- follow jane as she goe back into the live room and sink again into chair , almost exhaust . close shot - jane in chair speak softly , almost to herself : jane I wish I could go back to the hospital . close shot - crib johnny talk to the baby . johnny as soon as the lease be up we will get a house in the country with a room all you own -- and a garden to ride you bicycle in , and -- ( he stop suddenly , open-mouthed , and look up at Jane and he mother ) look ! mother ! Jane ! look -- the baby ! he 's smile -- he 's smile at I ! Mrs. mason bend over the crib ... Jane run in to look . close up - baby smile . back to scene mrs . mason ( straighten and shake she head condescendingly ) that 's gas ! fade out : fade in : insert : invitation tenth reunion CLASS of ' 28 you will see all the Old face Wednesday even , October 5 th HOTEL astor blue room make you reservation now !! over this come the sound of a clock start to strike twelve . dissolve to : int . entry hall - jane and johnny' apartment - night the hall be light only by a dim light from the live room . the sound of the clock strike continue . the sound of a key turn in the lock , the door open , and johnny enter . he be in dinner clothes , black overcoat , and scarf . he seem unusually deject . he softly close the door behind he and start on tiptoe toward the bedroom , camera trucking with he . attract by the light from the live room , he stop in the doorway and look in at : int . live room - close shot - jane on divan ( from he angle ) Jane , in a warm bathrobe , be curl up asleep . on the floor by the divan be a open book , face up . a lamp on a nearby table be the only light in the room . close shot - johnny he tiptoe into the room , take off he hat as he cross and sit down on the floor near the divan , look at Jane a moment , moody and lick . then he notice the open book on the floor . he put he elbow on he knee , cup he chin and stare at the open book . insert : book it be a year book of johnny 's college , open at the page bear johnny 's picture . over johnny 's picture , the word " class of 1928 " and under johnny 's picture : " most likely to succeed " JOHN horace mason close shot - divan Jane stir and open she eye , see johnny . close up - johnny ( from Jane 's angle ) unaware Jane have awaken , he expression still moody and despondent , stare at the book . close up - jane from she expression we know that now she understand johnny 's mood . medium shot smiling , Jane sit up , put she arm around johnny and kiss he . jane how be it , johnny ? johnny oh , swell . jane who be there ? johnny oh , just the same old crowd , only ten year older . jane who speak , johnny ? johnny Ed o'malley make quite a speech -- all about how he buy that seat on the stock exchange . and then Joe kendall -- just get back from open up a London office -- jane do you make a speech ? johnny yeah . jane what do you say ? johnny you know -- the thing you have to say at a reunion . nothing much . jane ( insist ) what do you say , johnny ? johnny well , my speech be pretty short . what would I have to say ? ( bitterly -- johnny see book on the floor ) the man most likely to succeed . jane well , I think you have and I bet you speech be swell . ( they kiss ) do you tell they that funny story you tell I yesterday ? johnny no -- no , I do not think of it . all I could think of be my achievement -- what I have accomplish and how far I have go . I suppose I should have tell they how I use you money -- all of it -- to buy the furniture for this apartment . jane now , that 's silly . you money -- my money -- what 's the difference ? it be not much anyway . johnny I should have tell they how the baby have to sleep in the dining room -- jane well , what of it ? and it 's only temporary -- till we get a new apartment -- johnny ( over Jane 's dialogue ) -- because I can not afford to get you a decent place to live -- jane stop it ! do not say that thing ! sometimes I get so mad at you I can not see straight . johnny sometimes I get so mad at myself I can not see at all ! jane I know what happen -- the dinner disagree with you . what do you have ? johnny I do not know -- I do not eat any of it . jane now I know what 's wrong -- you be hungry ! ( she rise , grab he arm and yank he up ) c'mon , honey , I will get you something out of the ice box . ( she start to pull he from the live room ) dissolve to : int . kitchen johnny and Jane enter . Jane proceed to the ice box , open it and start to pry into it , take thing out . jane now let 's see . here 's some cheese you like . and a whole cold chicken stare we right in the face . which ? johnny Chicken . Jane take the platter and put it on the kitchen table . jane the trouble with you be you let people step on you ! you do all the work in that office ... coffee ? johnny no. milk . Jane take milk from the ice box and set it on the table . jane you have forget more about law than Carter will ever know . how do you expect people to recognize you value if you do not recognize it yourself ?... White or rye ? johnny Rye . she go to bread box -- rummages in it . jane they could not get along without you for one minute -- and you know it ! everybody know it ! she get bread knife and start to butter bread . johnny ( eat a leg of chicken ) everybody but doolittle . jane he know it too ! but he take advantage of you . I tell you when he promote Carter over you head that you should have quit -- walk right out on he ! johnny now , Jane , how could I ? what about -- jane I know -- you mother and I . I wish you would forget about we . johnny if I lose my job -- jane but you would not ! they would never let you go ! you be far too valuable ! if you leave , doolittle would crawl to you on he hand and knee and beg you to come back . johnny ( wry laugh ) on he hand and knee ! you do not know doolittle . jane I know you ! all you have get to do be speak up -- stand right up to doolittle ! do not ask for you rights -- demand they ! he reach for she hand and look at the simple wedding band on one finger . johnny remember the day in Boston when I get you this ring -- I promise to get you a better one later ? jane I do not want a better one later . johnny you like the platinum one with the diamond . jane that can wait . johnny and the mink coat can wait too , I suppose . probably in about three hundred year I can afford to buy you one . jane what be you -- a man or a mouse ? johnny a mouse ! Jane grab the kitchen knife and wave it in front of johnny as she talk : jane John mason , you know what 's the matter with you ? you be too modest . you do not appreciate yourself ... I do want that platinum ring ! and I want a fur coat -- not the mink -- but a fur coat ! and I want a honeymoon on the normandie ! and I want a apartment that 's big enough for you mother and the baby -- so the baby would not have to sleep in the dining room ! you can get they for I ! you can get everything I want -- everything that 's come to I ! but first you have get to get what 's come to you ! johnny if I only know how to go about it -- jane it 's easy . johnny you think it 's easy . jane you just walk right into the office and you say -- johnny Jane , you do not walk into judge doolittle 's office . he send for you . jane well , this time you walk in . you go right up to he and you say : " judge doolittle , there 's something I have get to say to you right now . " johnny you can not talk to he like that though . jane have you ever try ? johnny now Jane , you do not understand . if I barge in there like that he would -- he would -- jane he would say -- " what be it mason ? sit down . " johnny he never ask I to sit down in he life . jane well then stand up . but do not let he interrupt you . speak you piece . johnny yeah -- well now that -- speak you piece . it 's easy to do here in the kitchen . you get downtown ... jane well , downtown or uptown , what difference do it make ? you be not ask a favor of he . you be demand you rights . he will listen . make he listen . johnny all right -- okay -- all right -- what will I say ? Jane have be gather up the foodstuff . she shove what 's leave of the chicken into the ice box , turn out the light and they start out of the kitchen . jane you will say -- int . dine room Jane and johnny enter and start through to entry hall . jane ( continue ) " judge doolittle , I have be work for you now for five year and I have give you everything that 's in I -- every ounce . " they stop at the crib , look down at the sleep baby . during the rest of the scene Jane change the baby 's diaper as they talk . johnny be still chew on the leg of chicken . johnny well , all right -- what will he say ? jane there 's no doubt about it , mason . I have never question you ability or you loyalty -- johnny and I will say -- jane judge doolittle -- what be you go to do about it ? johnny I hate to think what he will say ! jane he will say : mason , what do you expect I to do ? and you will say : the right thing , judge doolittle ... I want more money and I want to be take into the firm ! and he will say : johnny he will say plenty ! jane no matter what he will say -- you will say : Jane have finish change the baby . with a last fond look , she turn and start into the bedroom , johnny follow . int . bedroom Jane and johnny enter . Jane still talk . jane ( speak as if she be address judge doolittle in person ) judge doolittle , I either get a raise and a junior partnership or else -- ( johnny wait breathlessly ) or else you can accept my resignation , effective immediately . johnny ( with grim determination ) effective immediately . that 's all right , Jane . that 's a good idea . I be go through with it -- one of this day . jane one of this day be tomorrow . johnny ( aghast ) tomorrow ? jane tomorrow morning at ten o'clock . johnny well -- if you think I should ! jane ( vehement ) there 's no time like the present . johnny ( gulp ) let 's start at the beginning , Jane . I will walk into he office and I will say -- jane judge doolittle , there 's something I have get to say to you right now ! johnny ( wave he shoe at he reflection in the mirror ) judge doolittle , there 's something I have get to say to you right now ! jane either I get a raise and a junior partnership -- johnny either I get a raise and a junior partnership -- jane or you can accept my resignation -- johnny or you can accept my resignation -- ( without Jane 's cue ) effective immediately . jane ( tenderly and proud ) effective immediately ! johnny not bad . dissolve to : int . bedroom - close shot a alarm clock on the night table next to johnny 's bed . it register shortly before three a.m. camera pan over to Jane . she be asleep . she wake suddenly and look over toward johnny 's pillow , see that it 's empty , then attract by a sound , look toward window . close shot - at window silhouett in the moonlight be a figure in pajamas . it be johnny , gesticulate fiercely , rehearse in a sibilant whisper . johnny I have be work in this office for the last five year and there 's something I want to tell you right now -- either I get a raise anda junior partnership -- or else ... close up - jane jane ( repeat , tenderly ) or else -- ( she smile and close she eye ) fade out : fade in : int . johnny' private office - next day OPEN on close shot piece of scratch paper littering johnny 's glass - top desk , cover with scribble design and '' doodling . " a hand come into shot and draw four large exclamation point on one of the piece of paper . ( under the glass top be many snapshot of Jane and the baby in various pose . ) camera draw back , and we reveal that it be johnny who have be sit at he desk scribbling . he throw he pencil down and rise ; start to pace up and down the room nervously . he mumble to himself , rehearse the speech he be go to make to judge doolittle : johnny ( pace ) +..a raise and a junior partnership -- or else ... the fusty old bookkeeper poke he head in the door and johnny look up , embarrassed . bookkeeper ( motion ) judge doolittle be in . johnny okay ! the bookkeeper exit . johnny start on another quick mumble rehearsal , pace again . johnny ( mumble , then ) -- or else you can accept my resignation -- effective immediately . carter ( appear in doorway ) what be it , a jury case ? johnny whirl , guiltily and embarrassed . johnny now , never mind . I be think . carter ( hold out papers to johnny ) here be the papers in City against consolidate . johnny take the papers without answer . carter I want you to drop over to consolidate and see they accountant . johnny okay . Carter go down the corridor , just miss a collision with the office boy who pop he head in at johnny 's door . office boy ( to johnny ) pssst ! ( imitate doolittle by flipping back he coat and motion back toward doolittle 's office with he thumb ) he just get in . johnny okay -- okay . as he pop out again , johnny look haggard and gulp . he stand motionless a moment , then in frantic hurry start to straighten he tie . he lay the papers on he desk , walk quickly to the door , and put he hand on the knob . dissolve to : int . corridor outside doolittle's door johnny stand there , get a grip on himself and knock timidly . of course there be no response . doolittle could not possibly have hear the knock . he knock again , just as softly , and hearing no answer , turn and be about to go back to he office when doolittle 's voice come through the door . doolittle's voice ( bellow ) come in ! int . doolittle's office - close shot - at desk doolittle be frown over some papers in he hand . johnny stalk into the shot , blurt out he rehearse speech . johnny judge doolittle , there 's something I have get to say to you right now -- doolittle be intent on the income tax statement . johnny cough gently . johnny judge doolittle -- ( doolittle look up ) I have be work in this office -- judge doolittle oh , it 's you ! ( grimly ) you be just the one I want to see . ( indicate a chair by he side ) sit down . johnny , surprised at the unexpected invitation , sit on the edge of the chair and wait . doolittle lean back in he swivel chair , adjust he glass and rock slowly , fix a basilisk gaze on johnny . judge doolittle mason -- johnny yes , sir ? judge doolittle you have be do mighty good work lately . johnny smile . the old man be actually go to make it easy for he ! johnny johnny johnny johnny thank you , judge . judge doolittle you have be capable , dependable and loyal -- right from the start ! be so tickle he actually cross he leg . johnny ( he chest come out a little ) that 's mighty nice of you , judge ! judge doolittle but , mason -- this be extraordinary time -- for all of we ! uncross he leg . judge doolittle some of we biggest client be affect . they all complain they be practically work for the government . be rigid in he chair again . judge doolittle most of they claim it will be all they can do to stay in business till the next election . so they be cut expense right and leave -- and we be the first to feel it . naturally we have to do something about it . johnny ( with sink heart ) naturally . judge doolittle ( flip open he coat ) what ? johnny ( repeat , louder ) naturally ! judge doolittle I do not want to cut down the personnel of my staff if I can possibly help it . -- would not be constructive . so the only way out -- as I can see it -- be to tighten we belt . I be ask everyone to take a twenty - five percent cut . I be start by take a substantial cut in my own personal draw account . it 's a sacrifice , but it hit all of we . this be day of sacrifice ! johnny I know , judge , but I -- judge doolittle this be time when we all have to put we shoulder to the wheel -- if we be to survive ! johnny yes , sir , we shoulder to the wheel -- only I -- judge doolittle I be glad you understand , mason -- I appreciate you cooperation . johnny ( miserably ) thank you , sir . doolittle 's phone ring . judge doolittle ( reach for phone ) hello -- ( glance up at johnny ) Excuse I , mason . johnny rise and start out . we hear doolittle continue into telephone : judge doolittle hello , commissioner . -- you know that little piece of property on Park Avenue ? well -- if the price be right -- int . passageway outside doolittle's office close shot - at door johnny come out , he face a mask of doom as he start back to he office . fade out : fade in : ( same night ) int . entry hall - close shot at door johnny enter . we can see at once that we hero have seek comfort and slight consolation in the grape . he have have a few drink and he courage have obviously be falsely bolster by the liquor . he be slightly tight but in no sense drunk . he glare defiantly ahead , then slam the door violently shut . int . mrs . mason's bedroom - close shot at bed the slamm of the door awake Mrs. mason and she sit quickly up as if she be goose . trucking shot - johnny make as much noise as possible , johnny go into the live room , turn on the switch which light the central lighting fixture , and go from lamp to lamp turn they all on . then he stomp into the dining room , still make as much noise as possible , turn on all the dining room light , and stomp on out to the kitchen . close shot - at crib in dine room the baby wake up and let out a yelp . int . jane's bedroom Jane hear the baby cry and get out of bed , exite toward dining room . int . kitchen johnny open the ice box , bring out a bottle of milk and start pour it into a glass . the bottle fall to the floor with a crash . the door open a crack and lily stick she head out . lily do you want something , mister mason ? johnny no thank you , lily . lily 's head disappear . int . dine room - close shot - at crib Jane quiet the baby . in a minute johnny come out of the kitchen , not bother to turn out the light after he . his hat and coat be still on . his overcoat swing open and we see he suit and coat splatter with milk . he look at Jane defiantly . johnny ( belligerent ) well ? jane ( still bend over the crib -- very casually ) good morning , johnny . johnny ( explosively ) good morning . ( he exit toward bedroom , Jane follow ) moving shot - jane and johnny - en route to bedroom jane how do you feel ? johnny I feel fine ! ( he fling he hat across the room ) they go into the bedroom . int . bedroom as they enter , johnny take off both he overcoat and he suit coat at the same time and let they slip to the floor . Jane go to the mirror , casually fix she hair . jane what time be it ? johnny fling down he vest . johnny ( in a mount voice -- each hour louder ) Three o'clock ! four o'clock ! five o'clock ! High noon ! ( take off he tie and throw it down ) jane ( very quietly against he obviously synthetic rage ) it 's just two , be not it ? johnny if you know the time why do you ask I ? what difference do it make what time it be ? ( start to take off he shirt ) I feel fine . he fling he shirt to the floor and exit to bathroom . int . bathroom johnny enter -- bump into the line of diaper , angrily rip down the cord and the diaper fall to the floor . close shot - jane in bedroom now the sound of run water from the bathroom . Jane look toward the bathroom with lower lid , shake she head , think what to do . johnny 's pants come fly into the room . Jane think a moment , then exit toward entry hall . int . live room - full shot Jane go to light switch , put out central chandelier light , then go from lamp to lamp , put out all the light johnny light . int . mrs . mason's bedroom - close up - mrs . mason her light be now on . she be sit up in bed listen with a expression of rage on she face . finally she turn the light out viciously and sink back into bed to sleep . int . bathroom - close shot - johnny now in pajamas at sink . he be fill a glass with mouth wash . he start to gargle -- he gargle very loudly . int . johnny & jane's bedroom - medium shot Jane enter and start to pick up johnny 's clothes . johnny 's loud gargle come from the bathroom . Jane neatly fold all johnny 's clothes and start to hang they up in clothes closet as johnny enter and go directly to bed , pull blanket over he . we do not see johnny 's foot in this scene . close shot - jane at closet she carefully hang up johnny 's clothes . jane feel better now ? close shot - at bed johnny curl up under blanket . johnny I feel fine ! close up - jane at clothes closet jane be you comfortable ? close up - johnny in bed johnny plenty comfortable . jane's voice be you sure you be comfortable ? close up - jane at closet she finish hang up johnny 's thing . johnny' voice certainly I be sure I be comfortable ! Jane look down at the figure curl up under the blanket . jane ( softly -- politely ) do not you think you would be more comfortable if you take off you shoe ? close shot - johnny johnny sit upright -- fling the blanket off and stare at he foot . he have forget to take off he shoe . he swing over and sit on the edge of the bed , bend down to take off he shoe . his fumble finger have trouble with the shoe lace . Jane enter . jane can I help you ? ( she get down on she knee ) johnny I do not need any help ! I feel fine ! but he let she take off he shoe anyway . he suddenly explode into a indignant tirade against nothing in particular . johnny ( wave he arm as Jane take off he shoe ) what time be it ? be I comfortable ? how do I feel ? you would think I commit some sort of crime ! you would think I be on the witness stand ! a man come home look for a little peace and quiet , and what happen ? blah - blah - blah ! why do not I call you back ? why do not I come home for supper ? a million question just because a man -- jane ( without look up , speak matter - of - factly ) I run into judge doolittle this afternoon -- after you see he . there be a silence . she look up to find johnny stare at she . his face be such a mask of misery she can hardly stand it . she rise from she kneel position , sit on the edge of the bed alongside of he , take he in she arm and hug he tightly . jane ( almost a sob ) oh , johnny -- you fool ! what do it matter if you get a raise or a partnership -- or anything ! johnny ( muffle against she bosom ) oh , Jane -- I let you down ! I will always let you down ! I be no good ! jane ( a wall of anguish ) johnny , do not say that ! it be my fault for interfere . I make you do it and I be terribly sorry ... I will never do it again ... never . we do not need anything -- we have get each other and the baby -- we beautiful baby -- you be all I have and all I want -- ( sobbing ) -- and please -- if you feel bad I will die ! johnny 's head be lower . he do not answer . a little pause . jane johnny , johnny , look at I and tell I you do not feel bad ! another second 's pause , then johnny slowly lift he head with a grimace he think be a smile . his eye be wet . Jane see he expression and start to cry . he be completely ashamed , put he arm around she , and attempt to comfort she . johnny Jane -- I do not feel bad . they hold on to each other desperately , both of they cry all the more . johnny ( tear roll down he cheek ) Jane -- I do not feel bad . ( as Jane sob convulsively ) I feel fine -- honest I do . they cling to each other desperately . Jane kiss he tear away . jane ( laugh through she sob ) johnny , the next time you go out and get tight ... you would better take I ... along with you ... or I will ... I will get a divorce ... johnny ( abortive attempt at laughter ) you would better get a good lawyer . jane ( hysterical laughter ) I have get a good lawyer . close up - johnny ( with jane's back to camera ) johnny give a sedate little burp , as we fade out : fade in : montage - sheet of paper drifting down the screen there be bill of all sort -- installment furniture , market , milk , telephone bill with discontinue threat -- the bill be stamp : " over - due " -- " please pay up " -- " please remit " -- etc . include , perhaps be a reminder of a note due from the Morris plan Bank . the fall bill change to fall leave . dissolve to : ext . central park - close up baby crawling over grass over this come the high - pitch voice of lily . lily voice keep come -- come on , keep come -- come on now . camera draw back , as we see that the baby be crawl after a little toy cat . lily ( Louise beaver ) on she hand and knee call to the baby . lily if you want something you gotta go get it . full shot ( taking in path along the grass ) Jane come into the shot and pause as she hear lily 's voice . she seem weary and downhearted , but she face light up as she look off scene . she carry a fold newspaper in she hand . lily voice that 's it -- come on now ! come on ! Jane start toward they . medium shot the baby reach the cat and grab it as Jane come into the shot . lily laugh , high -pitch , as she see Jane , and clamber to she foot . lily ( excitedly ) mis ' mason -- you should have see he travel ! Jane sink wearily onto the park bench , drop she newspaper beside she . close shot - at bench lily 's smile change to a look of concern as she look at Jane . lily be you tired ? jane I have be all over town . my head 's split . lily come up behind she . lily lean back , and let lily rub the back of you neck . Jane 's head go back against the capacious bosom of lily stand behind the bench . lily start to rub Jane 's neck with strong capable finger . with a sigh of content Jane close she eye . lily be visitin ' ' round , mis ' mason ? jane uh-huh . lily ( casually ) do Mr. mason know you 's lookin ' for a job ? jane ( open she eye ) who say I be look for a job ? she look back at lily , see that lily be look at something and follow she gaze . close shot - fold newspaper on bench open to the " situation want " ad . back to scene Jane realize how lily know . jane lily , it be not nice to go pry into other people 's business . lily " scuse I , mis ' mason . jane ( close she eye again -- after a pause ) lily , you must be the fifteenth woman I have have work for I since I have be marry , and you be too good to be true . you be worth you weight in gold . lily ( grin ) that 's a lot of gold . jane ( almost break you be the best woman I have ever have in the house -- just simply perfect -- and that 's why it just break my heart to have to tell you -- lily never you mind , honey . I know I 'ma luxury . a moment 's silence while lily rub Jane 's neck . jane I would never let you go -- never -- only I -- lily shucks , honey , you be not gettin ' rid of I -- you be just gittin ' I off the budget . be the head better ? jane much better ... ( with a wail ) I will make such a mess of thing without you . lily no you will not -- you will step right in and do the job . and it 's a pretty good job , too -- a whole lot better and you can get on the outside . takin ' care of a nice young man a ' a sweet lil ' baby a ' a old lady that 's jes ' a little persnickety -- that 's ' cause she 's gittin ' along a ' do not have nothin ' to do . jane I wish it be as simple as that . lily ( reach down and take Jane 's hand ) lily 's a lot older than you be , honey . she 's do a lot o' livin ' a ' she 's learn one thing : never let the seed stop you from enjoyin ' de watermelon ! jane ( cather wistfully and with slight bitterness ) that 's all right if you have get watermelon . lily ( reproachfully ) do not say that , mis ' mason . you get you watermelon . but you be chokin ' up on all dem li'l seed . all I say be " spit them out ! spit them out , before they spoil you taste for the melon ! jane ( thoughtfully ) spit them out ... fade out : fade in : close up - huge sign the word : " happy new year " in blink neon light . dissolve to : int . live room - mason apartment - full shot ( New Year 's Eve ) the room present a sorry contrast to the gay revelry go on outside . there be a distinct aura of let-down and depression . sitting in a easy chair be Mrs. mason a shawl over she shoulder , sniff at a tube of benzedrine and quite miserable from a cold . johnny , in evening clothes , be sprawle on a window seat play with the baby 's toy cat , wind it up and listen morosely to the music - box tune . the only sound , except for what drift in from the celebration in the street , be the tune from the music-box . Jane 's wrap and johnny 's overcoat be drape over a chair . close up - mrs . mason she open she mouth , fight it a moment , then sneeze violently . medium shot - group johnny ( morosely ) bless you . another sneeze from Mrs. mason . jane ( mournfully ) bless you . ( she turn to johnny ) be you sure Carter have we telephone number ? johnny if he have not he certainly have a telephone book . jane then why do you suppose he have not at least call up ? mrs . mason ( sniff ) perhaps he forget all about it . johnny mother , a man do not invite you to a New Year 's Eve party and then just forget about it . jane maybe we ought to go join he at the party . johnny ( a little exasperate ) Jane , I tell you I do not know where the party be . he say he would call for we here in he car at nine o'clock sharp . jane well , it 's almost eleven now . mrs . mason be not the party also to announce he engagement to Eunice doolittle ? johnny something like that . mrs . mason well , perhaps he think it might be a little awkward to have you and Jane at he engagement party . johnny ( sharply ) now , mother ! how could it be awkward ? jane awkward or not awkward -- be we go to sit here all night wait for he ? let 's call he up ! johnny drop the cat to the floor , rise and exit to outer hall . mrs . mason ( almost as if she 's talk to herself ) all the same it might be awkward . jane why should it be awkward ? before Mrs. mason have a chance to go into detail , there be the sound of a little sneeze from the direction of the dining room . Jane quickly start in that direction . int . hall johnny viciously dial he number . Jane pass in b.g. on way to dining room . int . dine room - close shot at crib Jane come into shot just as the baby sneeze again . close up - baby in crib -- sneezing . he have a runny nose . close shot - jane she he she she kiss the baby on the cheek , then put she hand over forehead , and straighten up , camera panning with her . look off toward Mrs. mason in the next room , press lip together and shake she head disgustedly . johnny 's voice drift in from off scene as he call Carter 's house . int . live room first johnny enter from the hall , then Jane enter from the dining room . johnny they say at Carter 's house he leave two hour ago . we would better forget it . jane the baby definitely have the sniffles . mrs . mason ( talk through she head cold ) all baby have sniffles this time of the year . johnny he catch he cold from you , mother . mrs . mason that 's simply ridiculous ! matter of fact , I catch my cold from the baby . he 's have sniffles all day . when I take he temperature -- johnny that 's when he catch you cold . mrs . mason he certainly do not ! he have no temperature . jane ( try to pour oil on the troubled water ) it 's all right , johnny -- it 's just the sniffles ! mrs . mason I suppose I ought to stay in my room all day ! jane ( placatingly ) now , mother , that 's silly . you do not have to do anything of the kind ! mrs . mason Heaven know I try to earn my room and board by be as helpful as I can ! jane oh , mother , please -- it 's New Year 's Eve ! mrs . mason it 's just like any other day as far as I be concerned . ( with rise self - pity ) you be both perfectly willing to leave I all alone to wait for the New Year , when perhaps it 's the last New Year I will ever see . johnny ( hold onto he temper ) mother -- why do you keep say thing like that ? there be a ring at the doorbell . jane it 's Carter ! johnny exit to outer hall . int . outer hall - full shot johnny come up to the door with Jane behind he . he open the door . lily , all togged up in New Year 's Eve finery and with trace of confetti on she clothes , come in with a large basket in she hand . lily ( grin hugely ) evenin ' , mister mason ! johnny hello , lily . jane happy New Year , lily . lily happy New Year , mis ' mason . I want to leave this with you . lily hand Jane the basket . Jane lift the paper and she and johnny look into the basket . jane ( look up -- gratefully ) lily , you sweet old thing ! lily it 's nothin ' at all . I have the day off so I cook up the chicken and the place where I work gimme de wine . close up - mrs . mason in the live room she be look out disapprovingly toward the hall . group shot in hall lily happy New Year to you all ! johnny happy New Year to you ! ( he start back into the live room ) jane happy New Year , lily . have a good time . lily all right -- goodbye . lily exit . Jane close door and start back toward live room . int . live room - medium shot -- as johnny enter . johnny ( lugubriously ) that solve everything -- now we will not have to go out ! we will stay right here and celebrate . Jane now come in carry the basket . jane ( set the basket on the arm of Mrs. mason 's chair ) we will open up the wine now and at midnight we will have a grand feast on lily 's chicken ! ( pleadingly ) come on -- it 's New Year 's Eve -- let 's have fun ! mrs . mason you know I get indigestion if I eat just before I go to bed . ( sigh , look over at chicken ) maybe there will be some leave over for I tomorrow . I never do approve of lily -- she 's much too forward -- but I do miss she cooking ! jane ( hurt ) that do not say much for mine . mrs . mason oh , you will learn , my dear . it take time of course . close shot - jane she grit she tooth and mutter . jane I will not say anything . ( she reach for a book , open it in the middle ) back to scene mrs . mason Times be different now . when I be marry , every well bring up girl know something about cooking . Jane suddenly explode , slam down the book in she hand . mrs . mason ( turn ) why , Jane -- what be it ? jane I can not cook !... I can not keep house !... I do not know how to bring up a baby !... johnny now Jane , please -- ( he start toward the two woman ) mrs . mason I be sure I do not know what you be talk about ! jane ( tense with rage ) oh yes you do ! you have resent I from the first moment you see I ! you resent I because you want johnny to marry Eunice doolittle ! mrs . mason ( injure ) my dear , I never say anything like that ! jane you have hint it often enough ! mrs . mason ( indignant ) I have do nothing of the sort ! but they be engage . johnny mother , I never be engage to Eunice doolittle . mrs . mason not what you would call engage , perhaps -- johnny and even if I be , you should not keep mention it to Jane all the time . mrs . mason I can not understand why she 's so touchy about it . jane touchy ! that 's why you hate I ! johnny ( agonize ) Jane -- will you please -- mrs . mason ( toss she head ) no -- let she go on . she can say anything she like -- I know my place here . I be only a guest -- a unwelcome guest . johnny ( torture ) for cry out loud ! what 's the matter with you two ? jane Mrs. sob , she . ( shout ) nothing 's the matter with I ! mrs . mason ( violently ) it 's she house ! johnny ( placatingly ) please , mother -- jane it 's not my house ! johnny now , Jane -- please -- mrs . mason I do the best I can to help ! johnny now , listen . jane I be the stranger around here ! everything I say be wrong ! everything I do be wrong ! johnny Jane -- will you -- mrs . mason just because I happen to mention that John and Eunice doolittle -- johnny ( thunderous1ly ) now stop it ! both of you ! mason give he a startle look , utter a anguish and exit rapidly , slamm the door violently behind two shot - johnny and jane johnny ( turn miserably to Jane ) there ! you see what you make I say to mother ! jane ( hotly ) you say it to I too ! do not I count ? johnny ( at he wit end ) of course you count , darling -- only mother 's a old lady -- she will not be with we for very long . why can not you get along with she ? jane ( hysterical ) why can not she get along with I ? because she hate I ! you do not know how it be -- you be at the office all day . between take care of the baby and the house and cooking and listen to she criticize everything I do -- I can not stand it any more ! camera pan with she to bedroom door . jane you can only spit out so many seed ! she exit into she bedroom , with a terrific slam of the door . int . live room - close shot - johnny he stand a moment , defeat and miserable -- then the flame of revolt register in he face . he look down at the floor and see the baby 's white cat where he have previously drop it . he kick the cat viciously across the room . camera pan with he to the chair where he hat and overcoat be . he pick they up , go to the front door and slam out . camera hold a minute on the empty room , then : close shot at door to jane's bedroom Jane come out , look around for johnny , camera panning with she , then call out in alarm : jane johnny ! johnny ! she look toward the chair in hall where she wrap and johnny 's overcoat have be . Jane 's wrap be there but johnny 's overcoat be go . she quickly grab she wrap and fly to the outer door , call as she open it and run out : jane johnny ! top of stairway - overhead shot shoot down over stairway and over Jane 's head . down a flight we see johnny , go down . Jane enter quickly , carry wrap . jane ( scream ) johnny ! johnny stop , turn and look up . johnny ( surly ) what ? shoot up stairway -- as Jane come gallop down , talk as she do . jane where be you go ? johnny turn away as she catch up with he and stop one step above he . johnny oh , I do not know . anywhere to get away from that wrangle . jane wait a minute ! ( she run down the step and join he ) do not you want I to go with you ? johnny well -- can not you understand a man want to be alone once in a while ? jane I be sorry , johnny -- really I be . johnny ( coldly ) you do not have to apologize . jane ( hurt at he failure to respond , but really try to help ) would you rather I do not come with you ? he do not answer . Jane continue pleasantly -- with a sad little smile . jane all right , johnny . I do not mind . you go along and have a good time . ( she turn and go up a step ) johnny ( less than half - heart ) oh -- come on along if you want to . jane ( she turn ) you be sure you do not mind ? johnny ( without enthusiasm ) certainly I do not mind ... Jane advance and take he arm . jane ( like a little girl ) we will have a wonderful time -- you just wait and see ... dissolve to : int . cafe - long shot the place be crowded . gaiety reign . the tiny dance floor be pack with hilarious couple . close shot at table - jane and johnny there be a open bottle of wine on the table and before each a glass of wine . before each of they also a plate contain a sandwich which have not be touch . Jane and johnny be not look at each other , but be pretend to be interested in the scene about they . johnny finally meet Jane 's eye . jane oh , johnny , what 's happen to we ? johnny I do not know . maybe I pull a dirty trick on you when I take that cinder out of you eye up in Boston . jane ( with she heart in she throat ) what do you mean ? johnny I mean -- maybe the whole thing 's be a mistake . jane ( stunne ) what -- whole -- thing ? johnny we marriage . jane ( a quiet little cry of pain ) oh , johnny . johnny ( word pour out of he now ) I have get into debt -- I have get nowhere at the office and I have make a household drudge out of you , just as mother say . Jane , it have not work out -- it just have not work out ! jane ( plead ) but we have never have any real trouble . maybe a few silly little thing -- thing that everybody have to meet when they get marry . johnny maybe we should not have have the baby -- jane ( this be a real kayo for she ) oh , johnny -- you can not be sorry about the baby ? johnny I be crazy about he !... and about you too ! I would die for either of you . Jane , everybody that pass this table stop and look at you . it 's because you be young and so beautiful -- you whole life ahead of you -- jane ( plead ) ahead of we -- johnny no -- not when you be drag down by a guy who just can not make the grade . no , I be not go to hold you to that kind of a contract . Jane lean back in she chair . she try desperately to seem matter - of - fact . jane well -- you ought to know all about contract . ( she shrug and fight to keep she voice steady ) well , anyway , I suppose this be what you would call start the New Year right ! johnny be too miserable to say anything . Jane try to make she smile breezy and gay . she reach for she glass of wine . jane at least we have finally get something we can celebrate . ( she lift she glass and she voice break ) well -- happy New Year -- johnny happy New Year . he click glass with she . Jane sip the wine and then bend she head forward to hide she face from he for a instant . he look helplessly across the table at she and be about to say something when she lift she head . her eye be wet but she flash he a dazzle smile . jane want to dance , darling ? they rise and start toward the dance floor . long shot Jane and johnny thread they way through the crowd toward dance floor . close ( moving ) shot - johnny and jane dancing they dance silently . a thunderous roll of drum come into the shot and all the dancer stop to turn toward the musician . close shot - orchestra stand the trap drummer play a roll of drum to usher in the New Year . full shot - cafe a crescendo of sound -- whistle and other noise - make device from the outside blend with the increase shout , yell of happy new year within the cafe . the light go out -- a whirling crystal ball from the ceiling of the cafe start to turn -- various color flash - light play against it and cross each other , create weird lighting effect . from above a bunch of color balloon tumble down . everybody in the near dark start exchange New Year 's kiss . close shot - johnny and jane in the crowd they look off at all the other reveler exchange kiss . johnny and Jane seem to be the only one who be not kissing . they look at each other embarrassed , and Jane , as always , take the initiative , look into he eye and then kiss he tenderly . johnny start to put he arm around she , but do not . the orchestra off scene strike up " auld lang syne . " the people sing . johnny and Jane , hold hand , start to sing with frantic effort at a gaiety that they try to wring from they leaden heart . after the first four line , Jane can no longer control she emotion , and she turn and start away to keep from burst into tear . the sing continue . jane I think I will go phone the house and wish the baby a happy New Year . johnny take a step to follow she . johnny Jane -- I will -- but Jane have disappear in the crowd . close ( moving ) shot - in front of jane ( she face in camera ) " auld lang syne " still continue . Jane fight she way quickly through the crowd , tear stream from she eye . a hundred balloon come from the ceiling -- bibulous gent stretch arm out to stop she , but she proceed , fight she way up toward a telephone booth . people call to she as she press through , but Jane pay no attention . one woman , see the tear in Jane 's eye , call : woman crying jag ! a happy drunk brushes past she : drunk happy New Year , blondie ! a man call from a table as she pass : man hey sister -- wait a minute --- another man hurry back , honey ! one of the balloon float in front of Jane 's face . a man 's hand with a cigar come in , and pop the balloon . serpentine and long paper whistle unfold in front of she face . mo . shot johnny and jane's table johnny edge he way past people and sit down at the table , leaden-hearted and miserable . at a adjoin table a party be in progress , sing and chatter and have a particularly good noisy time . a blonde at this table , look over and see johnny . she move she chair a inch backward , tilt it , so she face be nearly in johnny 's . blonde hey , Lonely heart -- what 's the matter ? johnny make a feeble attempt to call back in a croaking voice . johnny happy New Year ! the blonde maneuver herself a little nearer , crook she arm through johnny 's . blonde all alone ? c'mon over and join we party . johnny ( desolately ) happy New Year ! blonde why're you so mad -- do not you feel good ? johnny I feel fine . blonde c'mon , han'some , we get champagne ! ( she start pull at johnny 's arm , and turn to she companion ) look what I find ! a poor little lamb lose in the storm -- alone and neglect . a chorus of hilarious greeting from the people at the table , with invitation to join they and have a drink . johnny be resisting the effort to make he take a seat at they table when Jane rush up , wild - eye , panicky . close shot -- as Jane grab hold of johnny . jane ( hysterically ) johnny ! come quick ! the baby ! johnny rise , alarmed . jane something 's the matter with the baby ! they rush out frantic , and we dissolve to : ext . apartment house - night OPEN on close up the word : " ambulance " camera pull back , and we see now that print above the word ambulance be print also " ST . francis ' hospital " the ambulance be line up at the curb . out of the sound of the New Year 's Eve revelry back of this come the start of a ambulance siren . camera pull back farther as the ambulance pull away from the curb and with the noise of the siren increase , start away . at the same time the ambulance start away we see a taxi pull in to take the place of the depart ambulance . as it come to a stop with a grind of brake , from it emerge johnny and Jane . fear-stricken , they look after the depart ambulance , then rush over to Doctor healy and Mrs. mason who stand at the curb . Doctor healy carry he satchel . close shot - the group : johnny , jane , mrs . mason and the doctor jane ( to Mrs. mason frantically , look back from the ambulance ) mother ! the baby ! be that --? johnny ( to the doctor ) Doctor healy , what be it ? Jane 's face be agonize . Doctor healy hesitates , look from she to johnny , hat what he have to tell they : doctor healy ( gently -- sympathetically pneumonia ! jane ( a moan of anguish ) oh ... over the stricken face of Jane and johnny we hear sound of laughter and yell and cry of " happy New Year . " fade out : fade in : ext . hospital - a dark murky day - rain close up - plaque -- with the word : ST . francis ' hospital . dissolve to : int . corridor - close shot - lettering on door : camera pull back , and we see johnny pace up and down in front of the door . he too wear he evening clothes of the night before . the door open and Doctor healy come out . johnny come quickly up to he . johnny ( he voice tremble ) Doctor healy -- doctor healy come into the office a minute . he take johnny 's arm and lead he into a office adjoin the laboratory . int . laboratory office - mo . shot Doctor healy enter with johnny . doctor healy sit down , my boy . he indicate a chair by the desk . johnny sit down . Doctor healy go to the desk but do not sit . two shot - johnny and doctor healy doctor healy you would better get you wife . johnny now , Doctor , if it 's bad news I do not want she to know about it . she just could not stand it -- but you can tell I , Doctor . doctor healy ( speak with deep regret ) you baby have type nine pneumoccocus with a streptoccocus complication . and I be sorry to say that the congestion be increase . now , there 's a serum -- a new one -- it 's work out in some case . without it , we do not stand a chance . with it , well , perhaps we have a ghost of a chance . we must get some of that serum as soon as possible . every hour count . I do not know whether we can locate any of it in the city or not . I be go to check up on that right away . johnny get to he foot and grab the doctor by the arm . johnny ( strangle voice ) Doctor -- please do not tell my wife -- doctor healy ( gently ) I will not . ( pick up the phone -- speak into it ) give I the City Health Department . dissolve to : series of montage shot : int . n.y. CITY health dept . laboratory - rainy , dark day the light be light . a young pharmacist in white jacket be talk over telephone . pharmacist ( into telephone ) all the type 9 serum have be send to Salt Lake . why do not you try johns hopkins in Baltimore ? dissolve to : int . laboratory - indianapolis a woman in laboratory smock talk over phone : woman sorry -- we ship all we have for the epidemic in Salt Lake City . dissolve to : int . section - salt lake hospital another man over phone : man yes , the epidemic be under control here in Salt Lake , and we can spare six 20 c.c. vial , but how be you go to get it out of here in this storm ? dissolve to : dissolve in : ext . judge doolittle's house - close shot at door - midnight johnny be ringing the doorbell and bang on the knocker at the same time . int . judge doolittle's house - medium shot - at door Simon , the butler , come to the door and open it a little to peer out at the midnight intruder . there be a blast of wind and rain as the door be shove open and johnny force he way into the hall . he be rain -drench , dishevel and almost hysterical with panic . johnny ( breathless , panting ) I have get to see judge doolittle right away ! simon at this hour of the morning ? johnny you will have to wake he up ! simon ( frown at this sacrilege ) oh -- I could not do that . johnny you have get to ! he know I -- I work for he . I have get to see he ! simon I be sorry , but judge doolittle would never allow I to -- johnny suddenly shove the butler violently to one side and start up the stair on the run . long shot - stair as johnny run up toward the sleep quarter above . simon ( alarmed and indignant ) say , there !... wait ! wait !... you must not do that !... where be you go ? Simon start up after johnny . int . judge doolittle's bedroom ( shoot past bed in foreground ) - full shot the room be dark . judge doolittle be asleep in the four-poster bed . through the partly open transom we see the light go on in the hall and hear the commotion make by johnny who be try to locate judge doolittle 's room . he have open a door and we hear he slam it close . simon' voice you must not do this !... this be outrageous ! the door in background be flung open and johnny appear . the light from the hallway help he find the hall switch in the room and he push it . the room light up . johnny start toward the bed . the figure of the frighten butler appear in the open doorway in the b.g . close shot at bed the judge be a heavy sleeper and the turn on of the light have not awaken he . johnny come into shot . in the background Simon wait , open-mouthed . johnny judge doolittle -- doolittle stir but do not waken . johnny repeat , louder . johnny judge doolittle ! he bend down and shake the sleep man . johnny come on -- wake up ! wake up ! close shot - judge doolittle he awake and peer owlishly upward , squinting through one eye . johnny' voice judge , I be sorry to wake you like this -- close shot - at bed doolittle throw the blanket off and be reveal in pajamas . he swing over and sit on the edge of the bed , reach for he glass on the night table , put they on and glare up at johnny , anger creep through he drowsiness . judge doolittle what ... what be this ? johnny I have get to talk to you right now -- judge doolittle be you drunk ? johnny my kid 's in the hospital -- he 's get pneumonia -- doolittle cup he hand to he ear , try to hear ; look around for he acousticon . judge doolittle ( not hearing ) you must be drunk waking I up in the middle of the night like this -- it 's outrageous ! never hear of such a thing ! johnny realize doolittle be not hearing he . he look around , spot the judge 's acousticon on the night table and reach for it . judge doolittle mason , if this be you way of celebrate the New Year -- johnny shove the acousticon into doolittle 's hand . johnny ( harshly ) put it on ! doolittle put it on , outrage . judge doolittle ( glaring ) now mason , you listen to I -- johnny ( shout ) no ! -- you listen to I ! when you ask I to take a cut I take it -- but I should not have . because that 's the reason the baby have to sleep in the dining room and -- judge doolittle ( beginning to doubt johnny 's sanity ) what be you talk about ? johnny my baby 's in the hospital , die of pneumonia ! judge doolittle ( motion with acousticon ) what ? johnny ( shout ) dying !... dying !... can not you understand that ? judge doolittle dying ? johnny yes , my baby ! judge doolittle ( now comprehend ) you baby ? well , ( he rage melt ) why do not you get in touch with I sooner ? I be terribly sorry . ( he get out of bed and put on he robe ) johnny I do not need sympathy -- I need serum ! there be not any in New York -- and there 's none anywhere near here -- and they finally locate some in Salt Lake City -- and that 's two thousand mile away and every hour count ! ( he be almost sobbing the word out now ) judge doolittle ( with utmost sympathy ) now , mason -- be calm -- johnny I can not be calm -- I will never be calm till I get the serum . and the only way to get it here be to fly it -- judge doolittle ( excitedly ) certainly !... fly it !... of course ! johnny but there 's a terrific storm over Utah -- all plane be ground -- if there 's just one thing we could do -- judge doolittle ( grab hold of johnny 's arm ) now , mason -- get hold of yourself !... I know how you feel , but get hold of yourself ! suppose the plane be ground -- why can not you put it on one of the fast train ? johnny but we can not . I tell you hour count -- every minute count . it would be too late . we need a plane from Salt Lake and we have get one but the pilot want five thousand dollar to fly it to New York -- ( he voice break ) and judge , I do not have anyone else to turn to -- doolittle interrupt he with a loud shout . judge doolittle ( look off scene ) simon ! well , what be you stand there for ? the butler come into the scene . judge doolittle my check book !... get I my check book ! camera angle widen as Simon scurries to secretary . judge doolittle and get I a pen ! Quick ! one that will write ! and find out where the nearest telegraph office be ! Simon scurries out of the room . judge doolittle ( he go to johnny whose head be bury in he hand -- patting johnny on the shoulder ) you should have get in touch with I sooner -- but do not you worry about that serum ; we will have it here and in plenty of time too ! as johnny look up at judge doolittle pitifully and gratefully , with doolittle 's hand still on he shoulder , we hold a minute , then dissolve to : ext . salt lake CITY airport - ( miniature ) - night - blizzard - close shot wind sock from elevation the sock flop crazily in the wind . camera move past it and down , revealing a stretch of snowy ground with building of airport office below . the circular beacon of the landing field be dimly visible through the storm . as camera move down we come over the airport office structure which have large lettering cover the roof area . the lettering be partially obliterate by wind - sweep snow , but as camera move closer we can make it out : salt lake CITY . dissolve to : int . salt lake CITY airport - night manager' office - night - blizzard - close shot - hatton at phone hatton yeah , Mr. mason -- the serum 's here and the money 's here too -- and I could certainly use the dough . but the weather 's get so bad it 's impossible to take off -- ( listen a minute ) what can I do ? -- camera move back to take in Collins , conway and a couple of other stand by , listen . hatton turn a eloquent look of despair on they as he listen . hatton I know how you feel -- I be marry myself and I have get a couple of kid -- but I get to think of they too . my wife will not let I -- she say if I go she will not be here when I get back -- if I get back . ( he put he hand over the receiver and remark to the group around he ; plaintively ) what do you do with a guy like that ? conway let I talk to he . ( he take the phone from hatton 's hand and speak into it ; belligerently ) now listen you -- what do you think this be -- a suicide club ? you can not expect anybody in he right mind to fly a plane on a night like this -- especially a old crate with whisker . why do not you -- ( he listen a moment and we see he truculence gradually melting ) sure ... that 's tough ... we would certainly like to help you -- be not there no other place you could get some of the stuff ? maybe in a few hour , when the weather clear up -- ( he listen a moment -- he expression change . he put he hand over the receiver and turn to the group around he ) ( in a awed voice ) gee , the guy 's cry -- ( pick up receiver ) now wait a minute , buddy ... take it easy ... suppose we -- maybe I -- hold the wire ! ( he put he hand over receiver and turn to the group behind he ; helplessly he just will not take no for a answer . ( hesitates , then speak to hatton ) Jim , could I borrow you plane ? hatton be you nut ? conway you know how it be -- you have get kid of you own . suppose you be in he place -- hatton I can not let you have my plane . I have get no insurance on it -- I could not get any -- conway ( in phone ) hold it a minute -- keep you shirt on -- ( to hatton ) I will give you half the money if you will loan I the crate . hatton suppose you crack it up -- conway then you can keep the whole five -- I will not need it . hatton I think you be crazy . but , all right -- if you want to . conway ( speak into phone ) okay , buddy -- relax . dissolve to : int . airport office - salt lake CITY - dawn - blizzard stand at the frost cover window , hatton , Collins and a couple of other . collin do you think he will ever get off the ground with all that gas ? hatton well , I do -- go to honolulu -- hatton rub off some of the frost to clear a space on the pane and they peer through at the field . through the blizzard , with the beacon light circle the field , we dimly make out conway 's plane . it taxie across the field and take off in the storm . the man listen to the die sound of the plane 's motor . hatton shrug and turn to Collins . hatton I can not say I like that kind of money -- but it look like I will be in five grand before morning . dissolve to : int . catholic hospital - corridor - close shot - at door to baby room the corridor be quite dark , except for such light as may come in from laboratory or perhaps one open door somewhere in corridor . Doctor healy come out of the baby 's room , see Jane come toward he as he close the door . he glance down hall and see in the b.g. the dim figure of a man wheeling something toward the baby 's room . he turn quickly to Jane , maneuver so she cannot see what be come down the corridor . Jane look imploringly at the doctor 's face . dr . healy he 's all right -- he 's hold he own nicely . jane May I go in and see he ? dr . healy I do not think you would better -- not just now . jane ( get panicky ) why , doctor ? why do not you want I to see he ? dr . healy now , do not worry -- it 's just that -- jane ( with tinge of hysteria ) then why do not you want I to see he ? she start to brush past the doctor forcibly , when she stop , see that the man with the wheelbarrow who have come up behind the doctor have open the door of the baby 's room . as he do , a light from the baby 's room reveal the cylinder of oxygen which he have be wheeling . close shot - cylinder the light from the room fall on the cylinder in such a manner as to bring out vividly the word " oxygen " print on it . two shot - doctor healy and jane the shock of see the oxygen be the trigger that unloosen the pent - up emotion in Jane . jane ( hysterically ) you be lie to I , Doctor ! the baby 's worse ; that 's why you order the oxygen . she reach for the door- knob and the doctor stop she , grab hold of she . Mrs. mason come into the scene from the wait room . the doctor and Mrs. mason try to soothe Jane and she hysteria mount . the doctor take hold of one of Jane 's arm and Mrs. mason the other . mrs . mason Jane , dear -- Jane -- please ... DR. healy the oxygen 's only to help he till the serum get here . jane ( hysterically ) you be lie to I ! camera truck with they as they lead she forcibly away from the baby 's room toward the wait room . dr . healy I want you to lie down and rest -- I will give you something to make you sleep . will you do that for I ? jane ( hysterically ) oh , Doctor healy -- I could not ! please do not make I ! they stop at the entrance of the wait room . Jane take hold of herself and with a powerful effort , control she hysteria . jane I be sorry , Doctor -- I be all right now . ( pleadingly ) when can I see he ? dr . healy in a little while . he exit back to baby 's room ; camera pan with Jane as she go to the window seat , sink to the floor and look out at the beat rain of the night . Mrs. mason come into the shot and look pityingly down at the wretch , forlorn figure . jane ( after a second or two ) if my baby die , I want to die , too . mrs . mason ( sympathetically ) I know , dear , I know ... but you must not feel that way . you must not let John know you feel that way ... he love the baby too ... ( there be a very slight choke in she throat ) almost as much as he love you . jane poor johnny ... he will be so lonely if the baby -- she can not bring herself to say , " die . " mrs . mason ( simply ) he will have you , Jane ... and you will have he ... ( Jane make no comment . Mrs. mason continue ) and you can not be lonely ... either of you ... as long as you have each other ... ( she look away ) do you know when you be really lonely ? it 's when you have no one to share thing with ... not even a loss ... ( she can not go further in she revelation ) jane ( turn slowly -- see she mother - in- law for the first time ) oh , mother -- you be lonely ... be not you ? Mrs. mason turn away . there be a silence . Jane go to she sympathetically , almost forget she own grief for a moment . mrs . mason I be not -- always -- a bitter old woman ... I be not always a pest and a nuisance ... ( she break ) ... not when I have someone to share thing with . Jane take she into she arm , and now Jane comfort she , whose front break , and who sob against Jane . mrs . mason ( muffle ) and now the baby ... oh , my baby 's baby ... jane ( the tear roll down she cheek ) oh , mother , mother ... and on a tableau of Jane devotedly and heart - brokenly comforting she old mother - in -law , whose head be on Jane 's shoulder , Jane 's arm around she , we fade out : fade in : long shot plane - blizzard - dawn the plane be make its way over a vista of snow - cap mountain peak . medium shot - plane the storm seem to be increase in violence cause the ship to roll from side to side . int . cockpit of plane - close shot conway - silent he be worried , reach for the radio transmitter and yell into the mouthpiece . his voice cannot be hear over the roar of the motor and the howling wind . conway shake he head , get over that he get no response . his radio be evidently out of commission . he take off the head - set -- glance at the instrument board . int . cockpit of plane - instrument board - close up altimeter needle register 13,500 foot . back to close up conway he look at serum package , take off he glove and feel the package to make sure it have not freeze . insert - serum package it be mark " rush - avoid freezing . " conway 's hand feel the package . close up - conway satisfied that the serum be okay he start to write on a pad that be strapped to he leg between knee and thigh . insert : radio log conway write : " 6:40 A. M. Radio dead . Fighting for altitude . terrific down draft . forc - - " a sudden lurch of the plane snap the lead in the pencil . close up - conway as he grab the quivering joystick -- fight vainly to control the plane . medium shot - plane start to lose altitude . insert : altimeter needle go down . long shot - plane in long down draft a thrill shot of the plane go down . close up - conway Fighting joystick . he look over side of plane . point of view shot dive at rugge snow cover cliff , the ground appear to come closer and closer . close up - conway struggle to control the plane . the snow and mist get heavier . medium shot - plane the wheel touch the ground and for a instant it look as if all be over . with a roar of the motor the plane zoom up . long shot - plane it fail to gain altitude and continue down and down until it be completely lose in the swirl snow and mist . hold on snow - fill screen a moment . dissolve to : montage sequence int . AIR field radio station - denver - stormy day close shot operator rain be beat against the window behind he . he be talk into he instrument . operator Denver call commercial NC 24 . come in , conway . ( anxiously ) come in ! ( wait -- no answer come -- he speak again with increase anxiety ) can not you read I , conway ? can not you read I ? come in , conway . ( still no answer ; turn dial ; shake he head in despair -- in dead , hopeless voice ) Denver call Newark . do you read I , Newark ? wipe to : int . newark airport - radioroom - early morning close shot chief radio operator -- at he instrument board . camera draw back to reveal behind the Newark chief operator , the chief of operator at Newark airport ( superintendent ) ; the assistant radio operator , judge doolittle and johnny . the two latter be listen with suppress excitement . denver operator' voice ( come from instrument ) still can not contact conway . Storm increase over the Rockies . Denver . close up - johnny he register apprehension as he listen . close up - newark superintendent worried , he unfold he arm . newark superintendent ( quietly , in flat voice , control he fear ) send out a emergency to all station . stand by to contact conway . wipe to : NORTH platte radio station - close up - operator NORTH platte operator North platte , nebraska call conway -- commercial NC 24 . do you read I ? wipe to : omaha radio station - close up - operator omaha operator conway NC 24 . this be omaha . do you read I , conway ? wipe to : chicago radio station - close up - operator chicago operator Chicago call commercial NC 24 ... conway can you read I ? can not you answer , conway ? wipe to : int . ranger station - day one ranger be in uniform and be at the telephone . another be gaze out a window in b.g. , against which snow be strike . the latter be peer through binocular . a pair of drip skiis stand against the wall beside the man at the phone . ranger ( into phone ; shake he head ) no , we have not see or hear a plane all day . sorry , but there 's no use send search party out in this blizzard . wipe to : insert : newspaper headline reading : " all hope go for mercy plane . " dissolve to : int . hospital - baby room - dark day the rain have stop , but it be a dark dreary day and the light of the hospital be turn on . a nurse sit by the bedside . OPEN on close shot of the baby in he small bed cover with the oxygen tent . he breathes with great difficulty . camera pan around to show Dr. healy crossing the room with he stethoscope in he hand , make he way to the bed . camera follows dr . healy until he pass in front of Jane , then hold on jane and we see she look fixedly at the small bed , stark pain in she eye . sister madelaine stand beside she . big head close up - doctor healy - the earphone over he ear . as he listen gravely to the irregular heartbeat of the baby ; and we hear they faintly on the sound track . close shot - jane her hand go to she breast in a mute gesture of agony as she watch . in a low voice she give expression to the one think that have be rack through she head for hour . jane ( a tired whisper ) oh , if there be just something I could do ... if there be just something ... sister madelaine move closer , put she hand gently on Jane 's shoulder . sister madelaine ( simply ) there be ... come with I . she take Jane 's arm . camera truck with they as they leave the room and start down the corridor together . dissolve to : close shot - at chapel door sister madelaine open the door . Jane look in and see the chapel . jane ( turn to sister madelaine ) sister madelaine , I be not a Catholic -- sister madelaine ( shake she head slightly ) that do not matter . Jane step into the chapel . sister madelaine softly close the chapel door behind she . camera truck in front of Jane as she walk down toward the altar . close shot - section of chapel take in the altar -- the light candle , the figure of Jesus . Jane come into shot and look uncertainly about . she study the figure of Jesus a moment in silence . she hesitates , then sink to she knee before the figure and with she head bow , mutter to herself , shaking she head . she lift she face to the figure . close shot - jane shoot down from above and behind the silhouett figure of Jesus , only Jane 's face light by the candlelight . jane ( stumbling to find the right word ) you know how much he mean to johnny and I ... we have only have he such a little while ... oh God , dear , dear God , please ... we do want to see he grow up and be a man . please help we little baby ... we love he so ... he 's so small and helpless ... he can not do anything for himself ... and we can not seem to do anything . for he ... ( she clasp she hand and speak imploringly ) please -- please -- please ... dissolve to : plane - long shot start with shot only of gray fog and cloud and sound of roaring plane motor . then plane emerge from behind cloud into scene . close up - conway - silent ( shoot up through cockpit ) he be worried -- reach for a map and with a flash light try to find something he can recognize on the map -- insert : map with conway 's flash light shine on it . back to conway he be frantic , realize he be lose . he put the map and the flash light away and look over side of plane to see if there be a hole in the cloud that he might get through -- then almost instinctively , nervously reach for a cigarette . suddenly a few drop of oil spatter the windshield of the plane . he peer over the side , alarmed , and oil spray on he goggle . as he push he goggle back and wipe he face , plane - long shot with a cloud of smoke pour out behind . the plane be catch fire . int . cockpit - conway frantically pull out he flash light , prepare to bail out , pick up the box of serum and stick it under he jacket -- and jump . long shot - plane parachute and plane fall . the plane now spurting flame . the parachute disappear into the fog . dissolve to : int . doctor' office in hospital - night - fog Doctor healy , show the sign of strain and weariness , stand in the office drink from a coffee cup . a uniform nurse stand before he . nurse shall I order another tank of oxygen , Doctor ? dr . healy ( shrug in despair ) if the serum be not here in a couple of hour ... he turn toward the door as he hear sound of footstep in the corridor . reverse shot - shoot through OPEN doorway ( from the doctor' angle ) the defeat figure of johnny pass the doorway . his coat collar be turn up around he ear . int . waiting room - close shot - jane - fog lying stretch out , with pillow under she head , on the window seat . she toss she head slowly and restlessly . we hold on she long enough to allow for johnny 's walk down the hall . int . waiting room - longer shot johnny enter . Jane turn , see he . jane ( almost listlessly ) hello , johnny . johnny hello , Jane . ( he cross over and kneel beside she ) jane - big head close up look at johnny . johnny - big close up look at Jane . close two shot johnny gently stroke she hair . he speak with a strange , new -found serenity . johnny we will always be together , Jane -- no matter what happen -- like this , always . he continue stroking she hair , and we hold on this a moment , then . slowly dissolve out : ext . field - close shot - the parachute tangled up in the lower branch of a tree - night - fog camera pan down the tatter chute to the body of conway , limply sprawle out on the wet ground . we hold for a moment . camera move up to a closer shot . we hold a moment on he motionless figure , then we see the body stir . close up - conway his face be scratch and filthy . he open he eye , lift himself up with a grimace of pain . he stare for a moment at he leave foot , then start to disengage the harness of the chute . he remember something and stick he right hand frantically on the inside of he coat . his hand come out with the package of serum . it be safe . he manage a grin through he pain and put it back inside he coat . he look around , try to get to he foot , and realize he can not walk . his leg be break . camera truck with he as he start to crawl along the muddy field through the fog . long shot - conway crawl along the field . as he body be lose in the fog , we dissolve to : long shot - farmhouse - ( fog ) the farmhouse stand alone . conway 's figure be dimly see on he knee knock at the door . from o.s. , the sound of a dog bark . a light go on in a upstairs window . ext . farmhouse - close shot - at door - night - fog conway on he knee before the door , pound on it with he knuckle . from o.s. , the sound of the dog bark . the door open and a sleepy , bewilder farmer with a overcoat over he full - length underwear in which he have undoubtedly be sleep be see . behind he , carry a kerosene lamp , be the farmer 's wife with a shabby robe over she nightgown . farmer who be you ? what do you want ? conway I be hurt . will you help I ? farmer' wife mercy sake alive . Farmer and he wife go to conway , half lift he up and drag he over the threshold . int . farmhouse - medium shot Farmer and he wife help conway into the room . they stare , frighten , and bewilder at the strange figure they have let in out of the night . farmer what be it -- what 's happen ? conway never mind that -- what place be this ? farmer Liberty corner . conway where 's that ? farmer thirty -five mile from New York . suddenly conway sway and he eye close . he fall to the floor in a dead faint . farmer' wife well , for mercy sake alive . the farmer drop to he knee beside conway . he turn the unconscious form over and look down into conway 's face . suddenly the farmer catch sight of the package of serum which be protrude from the open front of conway 's fly suit . the farmer pull the package out and stare at it . farmer ( read the label ) St. Francis Hospital , New York City . rush . the significance of the package dawns on he . he rise and hurry to the telephone . the phone be a old fashioned one , use only in rural district . the farmer turn the handle and the bell ring the signal for the operator ; he then take down the receiver and speak . farmer ( into phone ) hello -- hello -- operator , I want the St. Francis Hospital , New York City . ( he glance toward the weird look body of conway , turn back to the phone ) and reverse the charge . insert : serum package the wrapping be tear off and the box open , expose the vial of serum . dissolve to : hospital corridor - insert : signal board the name : dr . healy flash on and off . dissolve to : close up - nurse's hand holding the baby 's wrist -- take he pulse . dissolve to : close up - hypodermic needle -- be fill with fluid . dissolve to : int . hospital corridor - outside baby room the door burst open and johnny come out , turn to look back into the baby 's room for a moment , then start off down the long corridor at a run . he reach the door to the wait room and throw it open . int . hospital - waiting room - close shot Jane be sit near the window , asleep , wear out with worry and strain . she hear johnny come in and wake up with a start . Jane look at johnny -- a silent question in she eye . johnny ( tenderly -- joyfully happy New Year , darling . Jane only stare at he , then the significance of the word strike she . she go into he arm . jane ( hysterically ) happy New Year -- happy New Year -- over she hysterical laughter , dissolve to : int . cafe - close shot at bar - day Dr. healy , judge doolittle , Ed conway , the pilot who bring the serum . conway 's leave leg be stiff and he lean on a cane . camera pick up we trio as the three lift they glass up and slug down they drink , then set the empty glass down on the bar . judge doolittle ( smack he lip ) well , gentleman , I guess four 's about enough on a business day . conway that 's all very well , Joe -- but be not it about time you buy one ? judge doolittle ( flip open he coat ) what 's that ? conway ( speak into mouthpiece ) conway call doolittle ... dissolve to : ext . doolittle's suite of office - close up - door we read first only the old firm name of : doolittle , messerschmidt , doolittle , hutch camera pan down to close up the remainder of firm name which now read : carter & mason johnny' voice and there be certain thing , gentleman , that I want distinctly understand . CUT to : int . doolittle's office camera draw back to reveal johnny pace before the two brother . he be orate great gun . at he desk , doolittle be seat , and stand behind he be several other member of the staff , which include the hitherto nebulous , messerschmidt , hutch and the other doolittle . they be all watch and listen to johnny with the great respect and attention . it be obvious that johnny be now the fair - haire boy of the firm . johnny now , I call this meeting of all the partner in order to make my position clear once and for all . that before I accept you offer of partnership in the firm of -- intercut close ups of each member of the firm as johnny call they name . johnny -- doolittle -- messerschmidt -- doolittle -- hutch -- and Carter , you must know that I consider the method of this firm at the present time old - fashioned , self - satisfied , high -hande and thoroughly inefficient . Carter , who have be lean against the wall , straighten up and address doolittle . carter it seem to I -- judge doolittle ( sharply ) quiet ! johnny and I demand that they be change -- effective immediately . there be a loud knock on the door . judge doolittle ( frown and call out ) come in ! close shot - at door it open and John Horace mason , ii , walk in on he own power . a instant later , Jane and Mrs. mason come in , burst with news . jane Excuse I , I hope we have not interrupt anything important -- johnny come into scene , frown . johnny now , Jane -- jane johnny , I know judge doolittle will not mind -- camera angle widen as judge doolittle and the other , come into the scene . jane we just could not wait -- mrs . mason we have to rush down the minute it happen ! johnny what happen ? jane the baby can talk ! she drop down on she knee by the baby and take hold of he shoulder . jane ( to the baby ) they do not believe we ! come on , darling -- we will prove it to they ! the man in the office crowd around she . close up - johnny -- beam with pride . close shot the face of the man behind johnny . they wait expectantly . jane's voice show they , darling ! do not be afraid -- speak up -- say daddy ! say daddy -- please , darling -- say daddy ! close up - baby look coyly up at the group around he . he close up - johnny johnny ( pleadingly ) say daddy ! d--d --d -- daddy . close up - baby just look . close up - judge doolittle judge doolittle say daddy -- say daddy -- close up - baby and jane jane come on , johnny . say daddy -- say daddy -- baby ma-ma . close up - doolittle brother as they flip back they coat to hear better . doolittle brother ( together ) what ? fade the end say nothing . out :