maggie' plan by Rebecca Miller base on a story by Karen rinaldi ext . greenwich village STREET - day 1 maggie : we see the back of she blonde head . it 's a beautiful winter day . now we see she from across the street . we see she foot make determine stride . this be a young woman who know where she be go . Wide shot : a blind man be tentatively make ready to cross the street . among the handful of pedestrian about to cross , maggie be the only one to notice , and help the man across . ext . produce market - day 2 tony , maggie 's best friend , look a little like Art garfunkel as a young man : fluffy hair , glass , dress in a suit jacket and baggy chino . he 's push a stroller with a read , fluffy -haire , bespectacle four year old boy in it , wear a t-shirt with '' imagine there 's no fracking '' write on the front . this boy be too big to be in a stroller , and too young to be read . maggie rush to they . maggie sorry ! sorry I be late ... hi! hi Max ! she snuffles the little boy 's neck . maggie ( cont 'd ) you still have one little corner of baby smell . right ( sniff ) there . Max giggle and push she away so he can get back to he read . maggie straighten up . maggie ( cont 'd ) ach , I need a baby ! she bite she fist . tony you need a baby ? you be such a impatient little fuss -budget . maggie I just do not see why I should wait . tony for a father , perhaps ? ( continued ) continued : 2 maggie let 's face it . I have never be in a serious relationship that last longer than six month . tony ( pay ) we be together for two year . they walk . maggie in college . and we make each other miserable for the rest of the time . tony I admit it . we be miserable . but we be also happy . maggie yeah . they reach a stand of homemade jam . tony pick one up . tony just so you know . I have little sperm tuck away in a facility uptown , if you be in a pinch . maggie what ?! why ? I think Felicia do not want any more kid . tony Felicia do not want any more kid . I froze it in case I ever meet anybody nice . maggie no , you do not . tony I do not . but I might , you know , save it , like ' mad money 's - style ? maggie have something to tell tony , and she want to get it over with fast . maggie ( rush this part ) do you remember guy childer , from college ? ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) 2 a moment as tony search for the name in he mind . tony be not he the guy ...he 's a pickle salesman ? maggie he 's a pickle entrepreneur . and -- he 's agree to make a donation , so I can inseminate myself . tony but he have no sense of personal space ! maggie so what ? he be a math major . anyway , I be not marrying he , I be borrow he gene . tony but not he personality I hope . guy childer ...? maggie ( shrug ) everybody have something a little wrong with they . you think everybody 's honest who fill out that questionnaire at the sperm bank ? tony I can not believe you have be cooking this up all this time and you do not even tell I . maggie I know that you have yell at I . tony I be not yell at you ! be not this sort of thing for woman who be like forty - nine and desperate ? maggie I do not want it to be a last resort , I want it to be a choice . ( more ) ( continued ) continued : ( 3 ) 2 maggie ( cont 'd ) because I be ready be a mother , and I do not believe I 'il find a man who I can stay in love with -- or who can stay in love with I -- for more than six month . I be just face the truth about myself . tony be morose at this news , but he accept it . tony so when 's the insemination ? be we gonna have a party ? maggie in four month . as they walk away from camera : tony do I have bad breath ? he breath into the air near she mouth . she sniff . maggie no. do I ? she breathes into he mouth . tony no . and they walk off . good friend ; unusual friend ... int . guy childer 's brooklyn pickle factory - day 8 hipster in hat and mexican technician be create pickle in huge vat . guy be walk maggie through aisle after aisle of pickle . guy be wear a peruvian hat with flap , short , and clog . guy I start production in my apartment three year ago . now I have twelve employee , and I just get a order from Whole Foods . if that work out we be take off . but I be still very hand on . every pickle have my stamp of approval on it . he withdraw a pickle from a vat . ( continued ) continued : 8 guy ( cont 'd ) here , try this one . maggie I love this ! guy that 's the bavarian . classic . maggie this be the best pickle I have ever have . guy look at she , beam . jump cut : int . front desk - day guy and maggie be at the front desk of Brooklyn brine . guy take off he glove as maggie notice a pair of hockey skate hang from a coat stand . maggie you skate ? guy every Sunday . I grow up on the ice . maggie oh right . you be on the ice hockey team . guy yeah . maggie I use to skate a lot when I be little . a moment of awkwardness . guy so , regard we plan . here ... be my bill of health . with a air of pride , he spread he blood test result across the desk . guy ( cont 'd ) read it . ( continued ) continued : maggie ( scan the result ) that 's great . maggie ( cont 'd ) oh ! I have for you : maggie take a empty plastic specimen jar out of she purse . guy ah . he take it and look into it , as if for a answer . maggie you need to keep it warm , when you ... so just put it next to you body underneath you shirt ... and you can come right over . guy okay ... guy place the jar on the desk . they look at it together . guy ( cont 'd ) so when do you want to do this ? maggie March ... twenty third ? guy think about he schedule . no conflict come to mind . maggie ( cont 'd ) I just want to build up some more savings . guy pull out a stool for maggie solicitously , in anticipation , perhaps , of she pregnancy . guy that 's smart . maggie I have insurance and everything . so , I guess the question be , how much involvement do you want ? I be go to suggest none , but I be open to negotiation . a beat as guy digest this . ( continued ) a3 continued : ( 2 ) guy none be ... so cool . it kind of take the pressure off , do not it ? he take a seat and lean back against the refrigerator , beside a large circulate fan . guy ( cont 'd ) I can just relax , and build my empire . the fan blow guy 's std bloodtest result paper across he desk ; they both move to stop it , and they finger touch . int . maggie 's build - day 3 Close up of a mailbox be open with a key . maggie draw out two identical white envelope . puzzle , she open one , then the other . ext . maggie 's sublet - day a3 maggie walk outside . int . / ext . new school - day 4 maggie enter the big glass door . int . new school - bursar 's office - day 5 a large woman with close - cropped hair and a neck brace sit behind the desk with the air of a sage . maggie hi beverly . I get two check this month . not that I be complain . beverly you sure they be not for two different payment ? maggie I would love to think that ... but they have the same date on they and I be pay last month . JOHN Excuse I ... ( continued ) continued : 5 the camera pan right to include a shambolic , sleep - deprive , edgy man . JOHN ( cont 'd ) I could not help but overhear this young woman get two check . and I do not have any . beverly look up at he , displease at this complication . beverly what 's you name ? JOHN John harding . maggie oh well my name be johanna hardin , I mean my name be maggie ... but on the check it 's johanna Margaret hardin . so maybe there be a mix - up . beverly be on the computer . she look a little put out . she hate this kind of thing . beverly yep . and it 's gonna take a minute to figure this out . JOHN it would be great if it could be resolve soon . beverly look up at he with she final answer . beverly we will get back to you . int . new school - bridge hallway - day 6 maggie and John walk down the hallway . JOHN damn . that woman could guard hell , if cerberus ever need to go to the vet . maggie everyone 's scared of beverly . what do you teach ? ( continued ) continued : JOHN ficto-critical perspective in family dynamics , and mask in the modern family , victorian Times to the present day . maggie psychology department ? JOHN anthropology . maggie ( scrutinize he ) I do not know any anthropologist . JOHN what about you ? maggie I be the director of Business development and outreach for the art and design student . JOHN what 's that ? maggie I help graduate student strategize for success in the art and design world . sort of a bridge between art and commerce . I help they sell they soul . and eat . JOHN be you old enough to do that job ? maggie I have a master 's degree in art management . they exit frame as the camera , with a will of its own , pan down to look through the glass wall at the courtyard below , and a round metal bench with a phallic center . JOHN ( os ) good to know . see you later . maggie ( os ) good luck with get pay ! 10 10 . int . new school - cafeteria - day 10 several day later , maggie be in line with felicia , tony 's wife . Felicia be wear a t-shirt with '' what would Jesus buy ? '' written on it . she and Felicia be mid-conversation when John call out . the camera pan over to he . JOHN Felicia -- when be that -- that Pike fellowship meeting ? felicia Thursday at seven . JOHN ( sighing ) great , thanks . the woman sit . maggie that 's so funny that you know John harding . felicia ( eat she soup ) we be on a committee together . he 's a real panty melter . why ? maggie no , we just -- have a check mix - up recently -- because of we name -- hardin / harding . felicia he 's one of the bad-boy of ficto - critical anthropology . apparently , he be a big deal in Chicago . and now he just do adjunct work here , but they be really salivate for he to teach full - time . maggie why will not he ? felicia I do not know . I think it have something to do with he wife . she 's some kind of monster apparently . maggie where do you hear this ? ( continued ) 10 11 11 . continued : 10 felicia ( shrugging ) around . she 's get tenure at Columbia . georgette nergaard . the word ' glacial 's and ' terrify 's have be bandy about . then again I have hear myself describe as a psychotic bitch , but I think I be actually pretty nice , so ... you can not believe everything you hear . maggie be distract by John 's voice . JOHN - if you say ' she be , like , terrify 's , it 's nothing compare to say 's she be terrify 's . " like '' be a language condom . trust I . maggie look back at John , now a far more mysterious character . felicia ( search in she salad ) where the fuck be my chicken ? ext . WASHINGTON square park - fountain - day 11 John be nursing a coffee , sit on a bench , read the paper , when he notice maggie , who be circle the fountain with vigorous , calisthenic stride . he watch she circle a couple time . call out : JOHN hey , hardin ? maggie oh , hi ! JOHN what be you do ? maggie I be take a little constitutional before my next meeting . John get up and walk over to she . maggie ( cont 'd ) do you get pay yet ? ( continued ) 11 continued : JOHN no . maggie you be kid . JOHN beverly tell I the check be come any day now . 12 . 11 maggie and John walk past a man in a fancy suit kneel to scoop up he dog 's turd . JOHN ( cont 'd ) I know this masai from tanzania . he be here to run in the marathon . he take everything in New York City in complete stride . nothing faze he until he see a grow man follow he dog , pick up its shit . he start laugh so hard , he wept . maggie I guess that -- custom -- would be strange , like , out of context . whoops ! JOHN what ? maggie I overhear part of you conversation . about ' like 's be a - - language prophylactic . he 's try to remember say that . maggie ( cont 'd ) what be ficto-critical anthropology , anyway ? JOHN it 's a way of write about anthropology that blend ethnographic observation , story tell and , like , theory . a beat . two smile . ( continued ) 11 continued : 13 . ( 2 ) 11 JOHN ( cont 'd ) do we have to walk in a circle , or be we allow walk around the park ? maggie we be allow . they begin to meander . maggie ( cont 'd ) ( curious about he ) it 's so hard to find a full - time position . JOHN when my wife , georgette , be offer a tenure position at Columbia , I decide to put off a job search , just teach a few class and finally try to write this novel I have have in my head for year . they pass two bomb squad - look man share a joke . they walk maggie ( intrigue ) so , be you get a lot of work do , on you novel ? JOHN they say every relationship have a gardener , and a rise . georgette be definitely the rise . maggie and you be the gardener . JOHN and I do not have a green thumb . maggie maybe you be a rise in disguise . JOHN it would be a very good disguise . along for a moment . JOHN ( cont 'd ) she 's wonderful . it 's just she 's kind of destroy my life . ( continued ) 11 13 14 . continued : ( 3 ) 1 maggie be not sure how to respond to this remark , drop as a kind of aside as John amble along . maggie ~ '' JOHN no , no . it 's just be a bad week . ( look up at the sky ) it 's turn into a beautiful day . they come to a man perform shakespearean soliloquy for donation . actor content with hermia ? no ! I do repent / the tedious minute I with she have spend . not hermia , but helena I love . / who would not change a raven for a dove ? John give he a dollar . actor ( cont ’d ) thanks , man . ext . WASHINGTON square park - bench - minute later 13 a few minute later . they have cupcake and be sit on the same bench John be on earlier . they be mid - conversation . JOHN we have two of that . best part of my life . who 's you guy ? maggie no guy . actually , the man I have ask to be the father be name guy , coincidentally . John tear a bite off . maggie ( cont 'd ) ( laugh ) you eat like Mr. Fox ! JOHN ( continued ) 15 . 13 continued : 13 maggie there be a roald dahl book ? and then it be a movie -- JOHN oh yeah . my kid love that movie . maggie look at she watch . JOHN ( cont 'd ) I really like what you be do , though -- have a baby by yourself . not that it will not be hard , because it 's gonna be fuck hard . but , I admire you courage . and I love baby . maggie I just do not like leave my destiny ... JOHN to destiny ? maggie right . the shakespearean actor from the park walk by they , still in he ruff . he be with another man who be silent , furious . actor ( tearful ) but where will I go ? the other man shrug . the actor run after he lover . actor ( cont ’d ) you can not just kick I out of we house ... JOHN ( to maggie ) I have a question for you . maggie yes ? JOHN would you consider read a chapter of my novel ? maggie sure . ( continued ) 16 . 13 continued : ( 2 ) 13 JOHN I know that 's weird . I really want the first reader to be like ... you know how you say you be a bridge between art and commerce ? well , I need a bridge . maggie perfect . give it to I . I will read it . John reach into he backpack and pull out about fifty page of a novel . JOHN you really will ? I really would appreciate it . maggie take it . maggie I do not mind at all . she look at she watch . maggie ( cont 'd ) I gotta go . shoot . John look at he watch . JOHN ( panicked ) oh shit ! shit ! shit ! I gotta go . I gotta go ! maggie oh -- he grab he bag and run off . JOHN I ’1ll see you later . thank you ! maggie ( baffle , call after he ) okay , bye ! 14 int . college auditorium - stage - day 14 John rush to the wing and into a big close up as he look out at the stage with trepidation . ( continued ) 14 continued : 17 . 14 JOHN ( under he breath ) fuck . kliegler ( os ) what do you make of the use of mask in the occupy movement ? High shot : see John stride onto the stage . georgette , John 's beautiful danish wife , and a moderator , kliegler , have start this panel on mask in politics without he . his seat be rudely empty . as John do he walk of shame across the stage , georgette speak in a clipped danish accent . georgette the mask revolutionary be a direct inversion of the face of the demagogue -- the essentially fascist ideal of the magnetic individual ... as John pass , georgette give he a extremely dirty look . laughter , laugh . applause . JOHN ( into the mic ) sorry I be late . because he 's so damn charismatic . georgette be not kliegler ( hold up John 's book ) John harding , author of many book , most recently , '' ritual of commodity fetishism at the tail end of the Empire '' . he 's popular . kliegler ( cont 'd ) so John , of course we have be discuss the occupy movement -- georgette I can not help mention the irony that Warner Brothers own the copyright on the V for vendetta mask that become the face of the occupy movement . ( continued ) 14 continued : applause . 18 . ( 2 ) 14 JOHN like it or not , in this country , the most potent , totemic symbol be cinematic or television - base ; so it only make sense that a radical , popular movement would try to subvert they . georgette nevertheless , the reality of occupy be to be find within the capitalist narrative , as a kind of subplot . JOHN this sweeping cynicism of yours -- georgette if by sweeping cynicism you mean not live in a dream , then shoot I now . kliegler maybe the way we -- JOHN nobody ever think a revolution be go to happen until three day after it 's happen . this be a leaderless movement . it be not go to happen on a schedule . this be a genuine populist uprising . kliegler yes ! because - — georgette absolutely . but to return to the use of mask in politics . I be more interested in the possibility of anonymity and group affiliation -- the '' I be spartacus '' maneuver -- which have be the primary tactical explanation of the use of mask among various 20th and 21st century protest movement . include the Zapatista , the black bloc of the anti-globalization movement , and , of course , pussy riot . ( continued ) 14 15 16 19 . continued : ( 3 ) 14 as she speech wear on , we see John wilting like a daisy ina sauna . he radiate resentment and defeat . omitted 15 int . JOHN and georgette 's apartment - evening 16 Close up of georgette 's manicure hand , texting . we go wide to reveal a family dinner . John be stand , serve georgette pasta . JOHN you do not need to help , but could you please put that down ? georgette ( texting ) one moment . she put the phone down . georgette ( cont ’d ) okay . John sit . justine , 13 , in a school uniform , sit beside she dreamy brother , paul , 7 . justine I do not get why you say the same thing in the conclude paragraph as you do in the open paragraph . georgette you be repeat you thesis but in a more develop form . justine what 's the point of that ? georgette by the time you get to the conclusion you have prove you thesis . justine so it 's basically just gloat . JOHN ( amused ) it be a form of gloat , yes . ( continued ) 16 20 . continued : 16 georgette ( to John : ) they have fleas in Paul 's class again . JOHN they do not have fleas . they have lice . georgette okay , lice . JOHN ( to Paul ) let I check you head . Paul walk over to John . John check he head . JOHN ( cont 'd ) you do not have lice . georgette catch Justine texting . georgette no texting at the table . JOHN I wonder where she get it . georgette I use my phone for work . JOHN sometimes I have like to smash it with a hammer . georgette ha-ha . georgette 's phone ring . she be die to answer . the kid both watch they mother restrain herself as John fume . the phone ring out as Justine speak . justine Way to go Mom . georgette salad ? as georgette serve , she phone ping : a text ! she glance at the text and suck in air , shocked . ( continued ) 16 continued : ( 2 ) JOHN what be it ? georgette ( flushed with excitement ) they have ask I to chair the department at Columbia ! JOHN congratulation . that 's great . georgette it would be a huge time commitment . JOHN still , it 's a high - class problem . georgette when will I ever get my write do ? I have promise to deliver that book by December . georgette check she redden breast bone . georgette ( cont ’d ) come on . you will get a big bump in salary -- georgette ( cont ’d ) look -- I be already break out in a rash ! JOHN I have get a idea . why do not you call caleb back and discuss it . georgette I have to . JOHN Justine , you want to text you friend . Justine nod , mystify by this change in policy . JOHN ( cont 'd ) Paul , you want to play ninja revinja on you iPad ? go. 21 . 16 Paul jump up to get the iPad . John pull out a flip phone . ( continued ) 16 17 continued : 22 . ( 3 ) 16 JOHN ( cont 'd ) I myself even have a minor text I would like to respond to . we can skip the pretence of have a close - knit family dinner . ( look down at he phone ) and we can return to the bullshit later . Justine text . georgette be on the phone . Close on he text from maggie : '' finish the first chapter ! '' georgette ( os ) what be it ? ext . WASHINGTON square park bench - day 17 Close on John 's manuscript . maggie the tone be so unusual - sort of screwball - surreal . be that right ? JOHN that sound right . screwball - surreal . that 's it exactly ! they be both freezing , huddle on they bench . maggie and oh my God the character ! Martin neem the colorless postal worker in 1950 's Connecticut and he 's marry to this crazy brazilian woman who keep break out in rash ! it 's hilarious . JOHN ( drink in she praise ) really ? really ? maggie oh , and the description of the musical collection ! JOHN oh , yeah , he record you mean ? maggie yes . oh , that be so great . ( continued ) 17 18 19 23 . continued : 17 JOHN it 's funny , right ? maggie oh , it 's great . I be sorry . I be very , very cold . I feel like I be weld to the bench . be it okay if we go get some coffee ? the camera move leave , to a westward path , as if it know what 's go to happen next . maggie ( cont ’d ) ( os ) actually , my apartment be like three block from here . I just need to get another sweater . I be deathly cold . they walk into shot and walk down the path through the frigid wind . JOHN I can not tell you how much I appreciate you do this . maggie oh it be so much fun to read . JOHN really ? do you think the boil be gross or funny ? omitted 18 int . maggie 's sublet - afternoon 19 maggie and John enter , gasp with cold . the tiny live room be absolutely cramme with book . maggie I sublet from a poet . John look around he at this charming apartment . maggie ( cont 'd ) you want some tea ? or ... I guess that 's he wine , or ... I have whiskey . it 's a little early . ( continued ) 19 20 24 . continued : 19 JOHN we could make a hot whiskey . do you have some honey and lemon ? maggie look into the fridge . maggie I have half a lemon . and ... honey . JOHN I ' 1l make it for you . maggie walk to she closet and put away she coat . maggie okay , great . JOHN ( os ) you be clearly a reader . maggie actually most of this book be he . maggie look in the mirror for a moment . time CUT int . maggie 's sublet - afternoon 20 Close on a pair of glass mug fill with hot whiskey . JOHN hot whiskey . maggie oh , thank you . she take a sip . maggie ( cont 'd ) oh it 's so good . medium wide : they sit in silence for a moment . JOHN so. tell I . I be curious about you . maggie look up at he . ( continued ) 20 continued : he stand , 25 . 20 maggie what about I ? what aspect of I ? JOHN every aspect . maggie I do not know where to start . JOHN how about the beginning ? take off he jacket . JOHN ( cont 'd ) I be hot . maggie oh , I know . John sit down again . maggie ( cont 'd ) ( drink ) well , I have a ... kind of unusual start . JOHN wee ? maggie my parent be marry fairly young and they never have kid . they be academic at the University of Wisconsin . then eventually they get divorced , my dad move away ... but then later , year later , they run into each other at a party . and they ... they get together that night . and that 's how I be conceive . on the bed with all the coat . my mom always say that it 's because I need to be bear . JOHN I love that idea . that we unborn child be the real god , dictating the fate of we poor , clueless mortal . do they ... they get together after that ? ( continued ) 20 continued : say it maggie be 26 . ( 2 ) 20 maggie no . my mother raise I on she own in madison . she be a professor of nineteenth century british poetry . she be not very practical . so I end up do all the day - to - day stuff . I be organize the bill by the time I be twelve . she come from a quaker family ... so she use to take I to quaker meeting with she . I still go , sometimes . JOHN a quaker . maggie we have a nice life . and then when I be sixteen , she die . still shock maggie , and tear glimmer in she eye . JOHN maggie ( matter of fact ) so I move in with my dad in Philly . surprised to feel that she 's cry . JOHN how be that ? maggie um ... cordial . and quiet . JOHN sound lonely . maggie yes . he find she so touch . JOHN I grow up in a house ... where nobody ever stop yell at each other . maggie ( recover , laugh ) Heaven ! ( continued ) 20 b22 continued : a moment . he stand 27 . ( 3 ) 20 JOHN maggie ( try to be positive ) my dad be a kind man . and he make the best of it . we both do . the atmosphere have change . maggie ( cont 'd ) so what about you ? tell I about you . background-wise . JOHN my father work at a blackjack table in Atlantic City . but it 's a really long story . and I have to get back to my dysfunction . back up . put on he coat . look down at she sit on the couch . he rush JOHN ( cont 'd ) I believe it . maggie what ? JOHN that you have to be bear . out the door . as it shut , the nread , write , fall in love 's montage ( improvise dialogue ) begin : int . maggie 's sublet - day maggie read John 's book . this image be intercut with : int . JOHN & georgette 's apartment - day or night b22 John write at he dining room table . ( we hear he voice over the montage . ) JOHN ( v.o. ) Martin neem dream the same thing every night , but he could never remember what it be . his wife , talia , sleep like a stone . talia be a small woman . ( more ) ( continued ) b22 22 a22 c22 28 . continued : b22 JOHN ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) a small , beautiful woman with hair like a river of snake and the temper of a angry mink . int . new school - bridge hallway - day John be walk away from we ; maggie toward we . they meet in the middle of the hallway , greet each other , then John turn and go off with maggie , toward camera . he can not resist talk about the new chapter she just read . ext . skating rink -day maggie skate . ext . WASHINGTON square park - day 22 John and maggie discuss he book on they bench in Washington Square Park , eat dosai . ext . new school - courtyard - day a22 New School courtyard ( see from above on the round bench we see earlier ) : maggie and John , still talk about the text : JOHN do you think this be overwritten ? maggie ( os ) I think John 's book be a novella . int . felicia and tony 's apartment - day c22 maggie , look a little tired , but lovely in a tweed skirt and sweater , be eat a carrot as tony try to assemble a piece of ikea furniture . maggie it 's short and very strange . it might even be a allegory . I like everything I have read . he 's ask I for suggestion . tony oh ? what do he wife think about that ? ( continued ) c22 24 29 . continued : c22 maggie she do not know about it . to be honest , I do not think she pay much attention to what he do . she 's very self - absorb . she might even be a narcissist . tony of course she be . maggie why of course ? he 's basically a psychiatric nurse . he can not write he novel under that condition -- I think they marriage fall apart after the second child be bear . and now he 's trap in it . tony that 's what he 's tell you . maggie why would he lie ? tony to get in you pants ! int . maggie 's sublet - late afternoon 24 it 's March twenty - third . guy be take off he jacket . maggie look to see if the pocket be bulg . he reach into a large pocket and produce a small , mashed bouquet . maggie oh ! thank you . she put the flower in a glass , then turn expectantly . maggie ( cont 'd ) do you ... bring it ? guy oh ! fuck ... I be sorry . maggie that 's why I give you the little ... container ? guy where 's you bathroom ? ( continued ) 24 30 . continued : 24 maggie um ... guy look around the room . guy so what do I deposit my genetic gold mine into ? maggie rush over to she cupboard and take out a little plastic jar like the first one she give he . maggie ( hand it to he ) it 's sterile . guy hold it between he thumb and forefinger . he take a step to the bathroom , then turn back . guy listen . I feel it behoove I , to , ah , offer to do this the old fashioned way . give the extreme state of you beauty and my totally free afternoon . a moment as the absolute awkwardness of this offer sink in . maggie no ...no thank you , guy . I just think that would be too complicated . guy no sweat , just be polite . maggie should I go out for a while ? guy Nah , just read something . I will be back in a jiff with the jizz . he march to the bathroom . maggie guy ? guy hm ? ( continued ) 24 31 . continued : ( 2 ) 24 maggie why do not you end up become a mathematician ? guy I like math because it be beautiful , that 's all . I never want to be a mathematician . maggie ( encourage ) really ? you think math be beautiful ? guy I do not think . I know . anyone who have touch even a hem of that garment know it 's beautiful . for I , the hem be enough . I could not have take the frustration . maggie what do you mean ? guy of never see the whole thing . of always just get little glimpsis of the whole picture . spend my whole life hunt for scrap of truth . embarrass by he own candor , guy turn and shut the door to the bathroom , leave maggie bemuse and oddly charme by this unique character . hear the water run in the bathroom , she turn some ska music up high on the ipod as a sound buffer . she be so happy , she do a solitary dance . after a few beat , guy appear with the plastic jar maggie give he , a little cloudy something at the bottom . he watch she dance for a moment . we can see how much he like she . see he , maggie stop dance , embarrassed . maggie wow . Swift . she try to take the jar , but guy swoops it away from she and wash it off in the kitchen sink , then swaddle it in a tea towel like a newborn . guy of course when there 's a actual lady involved , it 's a different story . I make you extra ... just in case you spill some . ( continued ) 24 25 26 27 32 . continued : ( 3 ) 24 he hand she the bundle gently , as if it be already a baby . maggie thank you , guy . this be really great . guy Super . he just stand there . now what ? he fish he phone out of he pocket and turn the lens on himself , maggie , and the container , which he get she to hold up . maggie be embarrassed and confuse . guy ( cont 'd ) selfie . click ! int . maggie 's sublet - bathroom - night 25 insert close up : maggie , wear blue surgical glove , fill a plastic syringe with guy 's sperm . CUT to : int . maggie 's sublet - bathroom —- later 26 maggie have a thermometer in she mouth , syringe in one hand . she take out the thermometer , read she temperature , then punch the number into she phone . a voice call out of the phone : '' you have a : seventy - one percent chance of be fertile right now '' . the phone ring . maggie put it on speaker phone . int . tony and felicia 's kitchen - intercut 27 tony do you do it yet ? maggie my apps be give I contradictory information . maybe I should wait . tony I would wait . for like five year . maggie let I talk to Felicia . ( continued ) 33 . 27 continued : 27 Felicia take the phone . felicia do not listen to he . he 's lose he mind . maggie ( os ) yeah , he seem a little on edge . felicia you think so ? he 's drive I crazy with theory of mental illness in guy childer 's family . tony ( in bg , grate parmesan ) I meet he mother once . she have a face like a hatchet and she never stop sighing . and she drank . felicia tony just love you too much . he want to keep you for himself . maggie what be you talk about ? you know that 's not true . felicia he do not want you to move on to the next step in you life because then he , too , might actually have to grow up . tony ( from back of the kitchen ) will you shut the fuck up ? Felicia smile , give tony a semi-jovial middle finger . maggie ( thermometer in she mouth ) how high do you temperature have to be ? felicia ( 0.s. ) I think just slightly elevate . tony ( 0.s. ) be you talk about the temperature ? ( more ) ( continued ) 34 . 27 continued : ( 2 ) 27 tony ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) ( yell ) a hundred and one ! it have to be a hundred and one degree ! felicia ( to tony ) when be the last time you ovulate ? tony I read about it . back at maggie 's apartment , the camera leave maggie , begin to move through maggie 's live room , toward the buzzer , like a curious animal with a will of its own . felicia ( os ) you know it do not usually work the first time anyway ... my girl friend , Odette ... tony ( os ) Odette ? that woman be nut ! felicia ( os ) you just hate she cause she 's a performance artist . Close on the buzzer , which buzze , loud . maggie ( os ) wait ! hold on . wait ! the doorbell go off again , for a really long time . someone want in . maggie ( cont 'd ) ( to Felicia , os ) bye ! int . tony and felicia 's apartment . night . tony be still grate parmesan . ( continued ) 28 29 continued : tony you have she speak at Max 's class , and she say the word '' my vagina '' three time . int . maggie 's sublet - night maggie be wiggling along the floor on she back , pelvis 35 . 28 up wear surgical glove and she night gown . the buzzer ring again . maggie I be come ! felicia ( os ) maggie have you do it yet ? tony ( os ) have you do it ? finally maggie reach the door , reach up with one leg , and answer the buzzer with she toe . maggie ( yell ) hello !? JOHN ( os ) it 's John . reflexively , she jump to she foot , look down . maggie oh , shoot ! maggie ( cont 'd ) wait a minute ! I just need a minute ! maggie run into the bathroom . int . maggie 's sublet - bathroom - night 29 jump cut : maggie take a quick shower -- see she from outside the shower reach for the soap with a surgical - glove hand . 30 31 32 33 36 . ext . maggie 's build - night 30 John wait . he look like a man about to go into the ring . int . bathroom - night maggie pull on another nearly identical night gown , but this one have sleeve . int . maggie 's sublet - night 31 maggie streak into the kitchen hold the jar with the remain of the sperm in it , stick it in the freezer . back to the buzzer with paper towel and sterilizing spray , she mop up the mess . at last , have tidy up all evidence , she press the buzzer . maggie John ? be you still there ? JOHN yeah ? maggie buzze he in . int . / ext . maggie 's build - vestibule - night 32 John come through the metal gate and approach the front door . int . maggie 's sublet - night 33 he come in . he 's very tense , seem upset . they talk in the doorway . maggie be you okay ? JOHN I get lock out . georgette be in Pennsylvania with the kid ... maggie oh ! do you want to stay on the couch ? John look at the couch . ( continued ) 37 . 33 continued : 33 JOHN not really . he walk in . sit on the couch . maggie , throw by he presence , start make conversation . maggie so I be on chapter five . now I think Mrs. jeffries be my favorite character . she 's so pallid and reliable but he find she so attractive , in spite of she moustache . I just wonder ... JOHN what ? maggie if maybe the wife 's behavior be get a little ... large ? JOHN you should come over to my house . that book be like a documentary . no , I be sure you be right . I be sure I be exaggerate she behavior . his face be fill with distress . he get up and pace . maggie no it 's really funny ! I do not want you to change it . maybe it 's more about , like how much of it you do . I - - JOHN ah , fuck it ! he suddenly fall to he knee at maggie 's foot and cling to the hem of she long night gown . maggie be astonished . John look up at she . JOHN ( cont 'd ) I be in love with you . maggie JOHN I be genuinely lock out of my apartment . but I be also in love with you . ( more ) ( continued ) 33 38 . continued : ( 2 ) 33 maggie ( cont 'd ) and I do not want to be marry to georgette anymore . and please could I stay in you bed ? she do not say anything , do not move . it be only now really hit she how she feel about this man . she be finally admit it to herself . he unbutton the lowest button of she long night gown . she look down at he , desire bloom . another button . another . all the way up , until we glimpse she naked breast between the crack in the cloth . they be face to face . he whisper . JOHN I do not want you to have a baby with the pickle man . maggie JOHN I want you to have a baby with I ... she want he terribly but she just have to be honest . maggie I need to tell you something . I ... try already . JOHN when ? maggie recently ... JOHN what happen ? maggie it do not work ! it do not work . I just have to tell you because ... JOHN because why ? maggie because I love you . I be in love with you . they look at one another , and they kiss . they move onto the bed . maggie look up at John with open , frank sexuality . she have never feel this way before . he lean down to kiss she . ( continued ) 33 34 35 39 . continued : ( 3 ) 33 there be a flare of light from the bedside lamp which obscure the image . ext . queen - day 34 buttery sunlight flare in the lens . gradually through the flare we see maggie from behind carry she 2 1 / 2 year old daughter , lily , on she hip . a long dolly shot : she walk to the mailbox at the end of the street and let lily mail a bill . then they walk back and we see they from the front . bliss . ext . queen loft - day maggie carry lily to they storefront loft , open the big metal door ... int . queen loft - day 35 John type in he glass - in office . '' Dancing in the Dark '' by Bruce springsteen be blast . maggie walk in with lily on she hip and turn down the music after a panicked moment of look for the ipad . lily stomp in and jump up and down . lily daddy ! lily go off to play . John come out of he office . JOHN you turn down my song . maggie it be very loud . JOHN that 's the point . maggie I be sorry , shall I turn it up again ? JOHN you really be from Wisconsin , arent’t you ? ( continued ) 35 36 37 continued : maggie yes I be . they kiss . int . queen loft - later the three of they be eat soup . happy . maggie can you watch she for a hour , I have a conference call . JOHN ah -- I be go to keep write , but sure . maggie stand and hand lily over to John . JOHN ( cont 'd ) come on , girl , let 's make a big mess . lily can I bring froggy ? JOHN sure . bring froggy . 40 . 35 36 lily clutches a little plastic green frog as John carry she into the kitchen . they begin to play . int . queen loft - maggie 's work space - day maggie be on she call . maggie yes . the last time we speak you want to do something with skateboard and architecture . be that still what you be think ? higg ( 0.s. ) absolutely . I want to be a fragile little human , scale some big architectural monolith -- assert my value even as I glide along the surface of some priceless building ... 37 ( continued ) 41 . 37 continued : 37 maggie ( dreamy , search ) right. like ... skateboard down the ramp of the guggenheim ... a phone ring os . higg ( 0.s. ) yeah ! exactly ! that 's perfect . maggie I do not mean the actual guggenheim . higg ( 0.s. ) why not ? from across the loft maggie hear : lily ( 0.s. ) mommy !!! mommy !!! maggie Excuse I a minute . ( hit ' mute 's ) John ?! no answer . maggie get up and walk toward the bathroom . lily froggy be drown ! maggie JOHN ?! lily froggy be drown , mommeeee !!!! John be on the phone . he look toward the bathroom . JOHN ( to lily ) hold on a second ... maggie ( into phone ) sorry about this but I have another urgent call . i’1l be right back on . maggie rush to the bathroom . 38 42 . int . queen loft - bathroom - day 38 lily be scream , look into the toilet . maggie walk in . lily froggy fall in , and then he be hungry . maggie look into the toilet . there be a box of koala crisp in the toilet , along with half the box of cereal . maggie wow , lily . this be a big mess . JOHN ( os talk into the phone ) I could send you the next couple chapter ... maggie where be froggy ? lily under there . maggie do not worry . we be gonna save he ! she retrieve the frog from the toilet and put he in the sink . lily can I wash he , mommy ? maggie yeah , let 's wash he . do not touch he yet ... lily I wanna wash he ... maggie see , we save he ! lily peer over the side of the sink as maggie wash the frog in hot water . her little cheek be tear stain . lily ( whisper ) sorry froggy . ( continued ) 38 43 . continued : 38 remember she call , maggie un - mute the phone . maggie hello ? no one there . great . John end he call . he look happy . they meet outside the bathroom . int . queen loft kitchen - day JOHN do you take care of froggy ? maggie ( keep up she good humor ) yeah , but why do not you ? JOHN that guy from parallel Press call . maggie oh great , what do he say ? JOHN he want to meet I at four . maggie but you be take lily this afternoon because I have a meeting with a student ? JOHN oh , shit . sorry . maggie maybe I can push it . John be hopeful . maggie ( cont 'd ) but who be go to pick up Paul and Justine ? JOHN oh , fuck . all right . he start for the phone . ( continued ) 4l 44 , continued : maggie no -- it 's okay -- I ’1ll reschedule my meeting . JOHN you do not mind ? maggie no . JOHN really ? maggie yes . JOHN thanks . she go back into the bathroom . John make for he study . the phone ring again . John turn and answer . JOHN ( cont 'd ) hello ...he what ??... all right , hang on . John turn to maggie , who be still in she rubber glove . JOHN ( cont 'd ) Paul twisted he ankle in eurythmics . you be gonna have to leave now . Close on maggie as she digest this . ext . danish - american school - day 41 this be a nice private school for dane , nestle in a townhouse . maggie , lily on she hip , emerge from the school , open the heavy door for Paul , who be now nine . he be on crutch and look very sorry for himself . paul where 's dad ? maggie he 's in a meeting sweetie , but crutch ! wow . do it hurt a lot ? Paul be upset . ( continued ) 4l 42 45 . continued : 4l maggie ( cont 'd ) we have a while before Justine get out . maggie help the kid into the car , walk to the driver 's side and load in the crutch . time CUT int . minivan / danish - american school - day 42 Paul and lily be laugh hysterically in the back seat . they be make a great deal of noise . maggie have she eye shut . the phone ring . maggie have to answer this one . maggie hello ? oh thank you so much for call I back . Excuse I -- maggie put she hand over the phone and talk to Paul in the back seat . maggie ( cont 'd ) Paul can you check what 's take Justine so long ? Paul hurry out of the car . as he enter the school , maggie notice that he have forget he crutch and be run on he hurt foot . maggie ( cont 'd ) thanks for hold . I be hope to schedule a meeting , we have a grad student -- a student at the New School , komiko krauss , just patent a toy we have love to have a chance to present -- yes . the doll . yes . oh great . ten on Wednesday be fine . thank you . bye ! as maggie talk we see Justine help Paul walk out of the school . he have remember he injury and be hopping on one leg . Justine get in . maggie ( cont 'd ) hi! justine hi. ( continued ) 42 43 44 46 . continued : 42 maggie get catch up in the locker room ? justine ( quiet ) I could not find my shoe . maggie well , we be all here now ! justine what 's for dinner ? maggie good question . i’1l pick something up . daddy 's at a meeting . justine when 's Mom come home ? maggie I do not know . but I bet there 's a plan ! the van drive off . omitted 43 int . queen loft - john' study night 44 John be on the cord phone with georgette . JOHN georgette . the advance be only five thousand more , so why would you not go to the house with the better editor ? you keep talk in circle . munroe be the better editor for this book ... for all the reason we have be talk about ! maggie rap on the glass of he office and cheerfully hold up a bag of take - out . he wave at she , still immerse in he conversation . 45 47 . int . queen loft - later 45 chinese food carton go in the garbage . maggie be clean up the remain of take - out as John flop onto the couch , seemingly exhaust . maggie sit down at the end of the couch . maggie so how be the meeting at parallel Press ? JOHN I have to push it to Thursday . georgette be have one of she crise . I could not get she off the phone . maggie what happen ? JOHN she get offer from two different UK publisher for she new book and she could not decide . maggie wow . she do not have anyone else to talk to about something like this except she ex-husband ? especially since she new book be all about we affair and how it ruin she life ? JOHN I be sorry I mess up you day . maggie not just my day . komiko -- my student . she 's a fragile person ... and I have a meeting set up to discuss she meeting with the toy company . but I have to cancel that meeting because you have a meeting . and then you do not even go to the meeting with the publisher because you be talk georgette out of she tree ! why do nobody ever talk I out of my tree ?! JOHN ( with affection ) because you be never up a tree . ( more ) ( continued ) 45 continued : 48 . 45 JOHN ( cont 'd ) and if you be , you would find you way back down all by yourself . maggie be I so , so capable that I do not deserve any attention , be that it ? like , the squeaky wheel get the grease , and the cactus never get water ? attempt to defuse she , John take off one of maggie 's sock and a beat . start give she a foot rub . maggie ( cont 'd ) you have to start think of yourself as indispensable , John . JOHN ( remove the other long knee sock ) but I be not . I be totally dispensable . on a practical level , you would be fine without I . maggie do you realize that Paul fake the ankle thing today just so you would pick he up from school , and then you do not even show . JOHN what do you mean ? maggie he run on it when I ask he to go check on Justine . he forget . JOHN that 's weird . maggie no . it 's not weird . you want to know why ? because he mother be in reykjavik right now , study the maternal technique of the icelandic . he need he father 's attention . so do I . ( continued ) 49 . 45 continued : ( 2 ) 45 JOHN let 's go away for a couple day when georgette get back . just the two of we . maggie sigh , look at he . she do not really want to go away just the two of they at this moment . maggie I be go to start pout more . JOHN ( relieved at this levity ) georgette 's 1l give you a tutorial . she 's good at that . Close on maggie . she smile a sad , tired , alienate smile . 46 ext -— union square produce market - day 46 maggie walk beside lily , who be push the stroller . maggie who do you sit with at snack ? lily alison . guy ( os ) maggie ? maggie turn as the camera pan to see guy , the pickle entrepreneur , near - father of she child , king of he booth . maggie oh hi ! hi , guy ! I have not see you for so long ... maggie ( cont 'd ) ( to lily ) this be my friend guy . guy come out of he booth and kneel before lily , gaze at the little girl with something like reverence . guy be that ... ( continued ) 46 50 . continued : 46 maggie ( blank at first , then copping on to he assumption ) ?... oh , no -- this be lily . I get marry . I should have tell you . I meet my husband around the same time you give I the ... sample . a awkward moment . maggie ( cont 'd ) how be you ? guy intense . I just find out Whole Foods be go to be carry my pickle nationally . we have to expand production , post-haste ! maggie that 's amazing . guy I be man the stall to get away from the chaos at the factory . maggie ( a sudden impulse ) oh ! do you still have that bavarian pickle ? guy sure do . we most popular pickle . maggie can I buy a large jar please ? lily when be we gonna eat the pickle ? maggie ( to lily ) let 's go get some pickle . guy one large bavarian . he go back to the booth and hand maggie a huge jar of pickle . ( continued ) 46 47 69 51 . continued : ( 2 ) 46 maggie that 's the biggest jar of pickle I have ever see . how much do I owe you ? guy ( glum ) wedding present . maggie thank you . bye ! maggie pick up lily and put the jar of pickle in the stroller . guy watch they go . he and lily wave to one another . as maggie and lily walk off : maggie ( cont 'd ) oh , wiglet . I be so glad you be you ! 47 int . queen loft - kitchen - late afternoon 69 hear John 's dot matrix printer os . maggie be at the kitchen table , the huge jar of guy 's pickle before she . she reach in and take out a pickle , chomp down . yum . John walk in and hand she the latest page from he manuscript . she take they with a air of resignation . maggie ( touch the paper ) wow . still warm . maggie start read as John go into the bedroom . he speak through the open hatch . JOHN georgette cancel she trip . maggie nod , read . JOHN ( cont 'd ) so she 's gonna want the kid next week after all . maggie be still read . she stop . maggie I be Mrs. jeffries , be not I ? JOHN ( continued ) 69 48 52 . continued : 69 maggie I be the colorless , efficient postal worker that you fall in love with because she make you life so much easier . JOHN ( put out ) I come up with Mrs. jeffries before we even meet . maggie yeah , well , you turn I into she then . he make a helpless , feed up gesture . maggie ( cont 'd ) at least I do not have a moustache -- yet . int . queen loft bedroom —- morning maggie and John read in bed . maggie read a newspaper ; John read the Paris Review . maggie smile at something in the paper . maggie do you want to hear you horoscope ? JOHN ( immerse ) no. Close on maggie as she look at he , a terrible think go through she head . maggie ( 0.s. ) I be terrify that I be fall out of love with he . really out of love . ext . brooklyn STREET - night 48 Wide shot : maggie be walk lily in the stroller . beside she walk tony , who push Max , now six . Max be read a thick book by the light of a tiny clamp light . ( continued ) 48 continued : 53 . 48 tony Felicia and I fall in and out of love pretty much every week . you can not be so idealistic . maggie I want to help he become a fiction writer ... and now all he do be write . the novel be like five hundred page long and I do not even think it 's half do . tony have you read it all ? maggie most of it . tony still like it ? maggie it 's get more and more ... complicated . be it possible to be too smart to be a novelist ? tony I have not hear of that . maggie do you think I have something wrong with I ? tony wrong with you ? maggie yeah , like I have a condition . where I always fall out of love . tony maybe . maggie stop , and whacks tony in the arm . maggie shut up ! really ? tony yes ! no ! ( continued ) 48 49 continued : 54 . ( 2 ) 48 maggie you seriously think I have a condition ?! tony no ! I do not know . maybe . no . no , you do not . maybe you have not meet the right guy yet . ask Felicia . do not ask I . I be not the right guy . they keep walk . maggie look down at Max read in he stroller . maggie do he ever walk ? tony ( as if this explain it ) he 's gotta finish that book by Friday . ' do he ever walk 's . he 's captain of the soccer team . maggie what be it , stroller soccer ? tony you be hilarious . ext . lower fifth avenue - day we see the arch of Washington Square Park , pedestrian pass . int . book georgette georgette ( os ) I will be honest with you . store - dusk 49 be read from she book to a healthy crowd . georgette this book be bear from pain . my husband , whom I be not ashamed to say I love with all my heart , though we have a difficult relationship , have a affair with a young woman , leave I , and start a new family . ( continued ) 49 55 . continued : 49 as georgette be bare she soul , maggie and Felicia walk in at the back of the room . hear the text , maggie immediately hide behind a book case and they both grab glass of wine , peek out to watch . georgette have not notice they . georgette ( cont ’d ) and what I glean from this exquisite torture be the thought which this act of betrayal to I as a woman provoke in I as a anthropologist . I must ask myself : be the contemporary obsession with exclusive possession ruin we chance of marital happiness ? time CUT int . bookstore - day the read be over . people mill about , talk . georgette be at the bar get a glass of champagne when she spot maggie , who be talk to Felicia . georgette maggie ? maggie yes ! Felicia sidle off to the other side of the room . georgette I recognize you from a picture on Justine 's phone . maggie oh. yeah , I -- I want to hear you read , it be really ... maggie can not find a word to describe it . georgette look at she intently . georgette I want to thank you . for take such good care of the child , while I have be go . I know it 's be a burden . I appreciate it . maggie you be -- you be welcome . they be wonderful kid . ( continued ) 56 . continued : georgette we should get together some time . I feel I have be rather childish about this . I have to face the fact that we be raise they together ... the three of we . georgette have a imperious seductiveness which be impossible to resist . maggie oh yes . yes . I would love to . georgette call I some time . it 's easy to get my number ! maggie be leave stand there , besotted and shocked . she move to the end of the signing line , beside Felicia , who have buy a copy of '' bring back the geisha '' . maggie you buy a book ? felicia I could not resist . maggie do we need to get it sign ? felicia I think we do . maggie georgette be fascinating . she 's vulnerable , and powerful , and warm , and charming all at once ... now I get why he be so obsessed with she . felicia I do not think ' easy to live with 's be on that list , though . maggie I like she . I actually like she ! I be such a blockhead . I always think I be rescue John from this monstrous egomaniac so he could finally write he book , and that I know better how to run he life -- I be go to fix everything . ( more ) ( continued ) 50 57 . continued : ( 2 ) maggie ( cont 'd ) but he 's totally self - absorb while I do every single practical thing and make the money . and on top of that , I ... if it be not for lily I would say I have make a terrible mistake . felicia ( joke -- with a glance at georgette , signing book ) too bad you can not just give he back to he ex-wife . maggie look over at georgette with a laugh . but we move in closer and closer on she face until ... she 's not smile anymore . she 's think . int . queen loft dine area - night 50 John be suck the grease off he finger . maggie stare at he , no longer charme by he barbarous eat habit . the kid be speak danish . justine ( in danish ) I hate brussel sprout . paul ( in danish ) they be a little hard . maggie look over at the kid , totally alienate from she own life . ext . queen quaker meeting house - day maggie walk along a Korea town street , and into the gate of the 17th century quaker meeting house . a batter sign read , '' quaker meeting . all welcome . '' int . queen quaker meeting house - day High wide shot : the meeting house be empty , but for maggie , who sit on a wooden bench . we move in closer as she wait for inspiration , some clue as to what to do about she existence . at the end of the push in , she look up : she 's get it . 51 58. ext . georgette 's build - day 51 maggie park outside georgette 's elegant harlem brownstone . Justine and Paul get out of the van , Justine lug a stuff duffel bag . justine so now it suit the captor for the little prisoner to be move . paul be not you excited to see mama ? justine of course I be excited to see mama . I be just sick of never know which house any of my stuff be in . I can not wait to be a grow up , so I can have kid and push they around . maggie , not hearing this , stand on the street scrutinize the parking sign . Paul and Justine watch she , speak danish , they secret language . justine ( cont 'd ) ( in danish with subtitles ) sometimes I wonder if she be a little dim -witted . what be she do ? paul ( in danish ) she 's nice . justine ( in danish ) you be like a dog . you love whoever feed you . paul ( in danish ) no I do not ! justine ( in English , to maggie ) be there a problem ? maggie I just can not believe I actually find a legal parking space right outside you mom 's building . ( continued ) 51 52 53 59 . continued : 51 justine you be come inside ? maggie just to say hi . omitted 52 int . georgette 's apartment - kitchen - day 53 georgette open she door . georgette hi ! hi--oh , hello , maggie . maggie John have a meeting so he ask I to -- georgette come in . the kid remove they shoe and greet they mother with great affection . maggie watch this as she remove she penny loafer . Justine be very tender with she mother . another person . georgette ( cont ’d ) ( to the kid ) I make you a nice snack and you be allow to watch one single episode of something ghastly while eat it . but no fight about what it be , Paul . Justine get to choose . georgette ( cont ’d ) the snack be already in the de . they run up the stair . georgette turn to maggie , who be stand in she sock . her demeanor be chillier than it be at the book store . georgette ( cont ’d ) I be about to make some coffee ? or tea ? maggie coffee would be great . thank you . ( continued ) 60 . 53 continued : 53 maggie follow georgette toward the kitchen . the live room be a symphony in taupe . large photograph of geishas from the 1920 's now dominate the wall . maggie ( cont 'd ) you place be really nice . georgette Columbia housing ! int . georgette 's kitchen - day georgette put brew coffee in a blender and hold a stick of butter . georgette I put butter in mine . it nullify afternoon sugar craving . maggie great . plop go the butter . georgette throw the blender into high gear as maggie back out . int . georgette 's livingroom - day while georgette blend the butter next door , maggie walk through the room , draw to a beautiful black and white image of a young John hold Justine . maggie do not notice georgette come up behind she . georgette that 's a lovely photo , do not you think ? maggie ( startle by she ) yes . thanks . she sip the butter coffee -- ack ! georgette sip hers while maintain eye contact with maggie . a sort of '' o.k. corral '' moment . maggie ( cont ’d ) it 's good to finally meet you . georgette I will not pretend it do not cost I something . ( continued ) 61 . continued : maggie of course . georgette I be not into fakery . maggie I neither . georgette I detest the role of the spurn wife , I will not play it -- maggie you be not . georgette be I not ? maggie you still -- have such a deep connection to John . georgette invite maggie to sit down . georgette we have manage to remain friend , it 's true ... georgette be look at maggie with surprise and a little suspicion . maggie I mean , you phone call ... georgette do you disapprove of they ? maggie no -- georgette the marriage have dissolve , but we be still parent together . maggie well , I mean , it 's more than just parent , you guy be on the phone several time a day . do not get I wrong , I think it 's great . so ...i ... ( continued ) 62 . continued : ( 2 ) georgette be look at she carefully . maggie 's cheek be go hot , she heart be speed up . georgette yes ? maggie well , it 's obvious you be still in love with he . a moment of silence , of disbelief . georgette what the hell be you play at ? maggie decide to jump off the cliff . maggie John and I be in trouble . and I do not think he realize how badly in trouble we be . or he do not want to know . and then , when I see you at the read ... I realize -- that there might be a opportunity , a open ... somehow ... to get the two of you ... back together . georgette I see . I see ... maggie nod hopefully . georgette ( cont ’d ) so you be tired of you little affair . you be all do with it . and now you want to make sure you do not feel guilty , so you be go to manipulate we all into some absurd happy end ! georgette stand , look down at maggie , who be shrink by the second . georgette ( cont ’d ) I have meet a lot of control freak in my life , in fact I even think I be one -- but you make I look like a amateur . maggie I do not mean to insult you . ( continued ) 54 63 . continued : ( 3 ) georgette have the decency to leave he and face the fact that you poison my life , and my child 's life , and probably John 's life with you own selfishness . that 's you burden . you earn it . maggie Excuse I . wait a minute . if you have such a perfect marriage why be John miserable ? you neglect he . you use he . you do not respect he talent ! georgette if I be so awful , what the hell be you do here try to get he back together with I ? maggie I just think that actually , even though I do think you be pretty self - absorb and extremely needy , he need it -- it actually keep John in balance . take care of you make he think about someone other than himself . georgette leave . leave . leave . maggie what ? georgette leave my apartment . maggie oh ! you want I to leave . okay . I be leave . maggie get out as fast as she possibly can . ext . georgettex brownstone - day 54 the door shut behind maggie . she 's shake , she shoe in she hand . look over at she van . there 's a parking ticket wedge under the wiper . 64 . 57 int . tony & felicia 's apartment —- late afternoon 57 it 's already dark out . maggie be lie on the couch as tony shuttle in and out of the room clean up . maggie I have never be so humiliate in my life . I be in such deep oatmeal . what be I think ? tony maybe you have a psychotic episode . maggie but it 's a really good idea ! tony emerge from the hallway look rumple and disgruntled . tony life do not work that way , you dufus . you can not stuff what 's already happen back in the box . God I really think you need help . maggie why be you be so hostile ? tony because this piss I off ! the whole thing piss I off . maggie why ? tony why can not you just leave you husband , like any normal human be ? maggie because it would be such a waste . tony a waste ! you be such a hall monitor . it 's not a waste . he 's not a paper product . Love be messy , okay ? it 's illogical and wasteful and it 's messy . and it leave this loose thread stick out all over the place . but you ! you like thing neat and tidy and ethical . ( more ) ( continued ) 57 65 . continued : 57 tony ( cont 'd ) but you mess that up the minute you get with a marry man . maggie you be not be my friend right now . tony oh yes I be . I be be you friend . this be be you friend . I be be honest with you . good intention . you be all about good intention . Little miss quaker two shoe be gonna do the right thing . but you always somehow screw it up . maggie ( actually wounded now ) screw you . tony yeah , screw I . Fine . she stand up and start put on she coat as tony tidy up the live room , mutter to himself . she be on she way to the door when she stop , fill up with emotion . she cry , suddenly , hard , and sit down helplessly . tony notice and kneel beside she . tony ( cont 'd ) hey. maggie . hey . I be sorry . maggie sit , sobbing . tony ( cont 'd ) ( gently ) what about lily , huh ? father be a good thing too . he wipe away a tear from she cheek . maggie ( through she tear ) I know that , I know that . but ... I be just as afraid of she grow up inside a dead marriage as grow up without she dad in the same house . kid can tell when people be pretend . tony I do not know , maggie . it 's a tough one . ( continued ) 57 58 59 60 aé1 66 . continued : ( 2 ) 57 she sit still for a long moment . that earnest little face . try to figure out the right thing to do again . click . she 's decide . she wipe she tear . maggie okay . okay , okay , okay , okay . int . queen loft - JOHN be study - night 58 maggie be sit in John 's Central american hammock as he write furiously . she look at peace . maggie yes please . JOHN yes please what . maggie yes please let 's do something , just we . if the offer 's still good . he look up at she , uncertain , but game . JOHN what do you have in mind ? maggie I do not know . maybe a local adventure . ext . chinatown - day 59 traffic and light strung up . a busy Chinatown street . omitted 60 int . chinese restaurant / HOTEL - day aé1 John walk in with maggie . the restaurant be empty but for two waiter set up table . a young chinese woman look at they quizzically from behind a high desk with a large cash only sign display . he approach the woman behind the counter . maggie hang back . he 's speak very low . ( continued ) aé1 62 67 . continued : r61 JOHN hi . my name be johnny harding . I be hope to speak to wang . be he downstairs ? the young woman look doubtful , but eventually she walk up to one of the waiter and whisper in he ear . maggie make a move to join John but John tell she to stay where she be . the waiter walk up to John with a impassive expression . John put he hand on he chest . JOHN ( cont 'd ) johnny harding . the waiter nod . John gesture to maggie to follow . they both follow the man down a set of stair . int . chinese restaurant kitchen - day maggie and John follow the waiter through the kitchen . a cook be make dumpling with lightning speed . maggie look at he , totally confuse . int . illegal gambling den - day 62 maggie and John emerge in a room furnish only with gambling table and a tv on the wall play a chinese soap opera . chinese man and a few woman be play mahjong , poker , and blackjack . everyone seem to be smoking . there be only a handful of non - chinese player . the gambler look up at this two new outsider as they walk by . JOHN ( to maggie ) my dad use to take I to the owner 's old place . the waiter lead they to a black jack table where he confer briefly with a older man , and then turn . John hand the waiter a role of bill , enough to be in the game . John and maggie sit down . a hostess place two tea cup full of clear liquid on the blackjack table and the older man start deal . maggie take a sip of the liquid in the teacup and do a double take . maggie what 's in this ? ( continued ) 62 68 . continued : 62 JOHN just drink it , ok ? the dealer deal out the card . John play a hand . JOHN ( cont 'd ) this be for all the marble . maggie , who do not know how to play , be watch the action , rapt . John win . it take she a second to realize it . maggie we win ! we win ! she kiss he cheek . she 's go through a few cup of the '' tea '' the hostess keep pour in everyone 's cup , and she 's get tipsy . she and John be flirt , have fun . the scene become a montage of gambler , card , music , drink . maggie tap she card with a little swagger . maggie ( cont 'd ) be that good ? right ? JOHN no . maggie no ? they chip be sweep away . maggie ( cont 'd ) ( laugh ) no! please no . where do they go ? they be have fun . she be serve a beer , take a slug . maggie ( cont 'd ) drown my sorrow . JOHN ( laugh ) slow down on that . int . chinese restaurant - day maggie and John eat . John be tell a story . maggie be have a great time . she pull a swig of beer from the bottle . 63 64 65 69 . int . chinese restaurant / HOTEL - night 63 John and maggie stagger up to the front desk . JOHN we would like a room for the night . maggie this be a hotel ? JOHN it be a hotel if you know it 's a hotel . maggie oh-ho ! JOHN thank you . what do I owe you ? a hundred fifty dollar ? I get a hundred fifty dollar . maggie be behind John . she shove she hand in John 's pocket and fish out some bill . int . HOTEL room - night 64 they fall into the room , laugh on the floor . John drag off maggie 's dress before he 's even close the door . she bound onto the bed in she slip . JOHN take off you clothes ! she miaow like a cat , hiss , paw up . JOHN ( cont 'd ) five ! four ! Three ! two ! one ! he leap on she and drag off she tight as she scream with laughter . JOHN ( cont 'd ) take off you fuck tight ! Close on she foot as she give way to pleasure . int . HOTEL room - day 65 the next morning . John be eat breakfast ; maggie be sit in a pool of light on the bed . ( continued ) 65 continued : 70 . 65 maggie ( explore -- not implore ) would you ever want another baby ? JOHN ( toss it off ) I will never finish the book if I do not knuckle down and concentrate . four kid be a lot . his reaction feel like a slap in the face . maggie you would not notice . it 's just one more kid for you to ignore . John stop . a moment . JOHN what kind of thing be that to say ? maggie it 's a true thing , John . you -- I -- I be support you so you can write and that 's the deal and I accept it but -- I feel like I be you intern . or you nanny . JOHN for Christ 's sake . you set all this up ! you take over , give everybody a job . my job be to write my novel so that 's what I be do . maggie I know that 's what you be do . JOHN you can not get mad when we all play we part to perfection . this sting she . maggie do you even like I anymore ? JOHN what be you try to get I to tell you ? huh ? maybe I should be ask you that question . he walk out and leave she there . 66 67 a70 71 71 . ext . chinatown - day 66 John and maggie walk beside each other in total alienation . omitted 67 ext . WASHINGTON square - day the arch remind we of happier time between John and maggie . ext . new school courtyard - day the phallic bench remind we of happier time between John and maggie . ext . new school --day a70 student and teacher flow in and out of the glass door , create liquid reflection on the glass . int . new school - cafeteria - day 71 maggie be work on she computer . georgette May I sit down ? maggie jump . maggie sure . georgette look around , as if for people she know , then sit . a moment of silence . maggie wait for the blow . georgette in December , I be attend a conference in Canada on fictocritical anthropology . maggie georgette fictocritical anthropology be John 's field . ( continued ) 71 72 72 . continued : 71 maggie I know , but -- you mean ... georgette ( cold ) I be in . maggie ... really ? georgette I have no reason to trust you . on the other hand , I have absolutely nothing to lose . I could easily arrange to have John invite to give a paper at the conference . maggie do you think he would accept ? georgette Zizek be speak . he love Zizek . maggie take this in . she can not quite believe it 's happen . int . queen loft - night 72 maggie be put away dish ; John be fix a lamp . he wait for a while to speak . JOHN I get invite to give a paper ata conference . maggie really ? that 's great . JOHN yeah -- except it 's all the way up in Quebec . so I can not go . maggie no -- you have to go . JOHN why ? maggie because you ... you would probably like a break . ( continued ) 72 73 74 a74 75 73 . continued : 72 JOHN yeah , but georgette 's out of town that week , too . I can not leave you alone with all the kid . maggie of course you can ! I 'il be fine . JOHN Zizek be speak ... maggie oh you love Zizek ! JOHN ( baffle ) how do you know ? maggie I -- I think I hear you mention he . ext . sky - day 73 a canadian Airlines plane fly through a sunny sky . ext . Quebec HOTEL - day 74 a stone building , rustic in aspect . a large sign read : a warm quebec welcome to the association of ficto - critical anthropologists John walk into the building . snow have begin to fall . omitted a74 int . quebec HOTEL - dine area - day 75 John walk into the dining area . a sprinkle of academic . a young man in a baggy sweater come up to he . al bentwaithe Excuse I . John harding ? JOHN ~ '' ( continued ) 75 continued : 74 . 75 al bentwaithe I - - I be read '' ritual of commodity fetishism at the tail end of the Empire '' . JOHN how be you make out ? al bantwaithe it 's tremendous . we all come up here just to hear you speak . and Zizek , obviously . JOHN obviously . al bentwaithe this be a little fetish -y but -- could you sign my book ? JOHN sure . what 's you name ? al bentwaithe Al . as John sign the book , he spy georgette from behind . al bentwaithe ( cont ’d ) thanks ! JOHN take care John make he way across the room , toward georgette . JOHN ( cont 'd ) Fancy meeting you here . georgette what be you do here ? JOHN I be give a paper . JOHN ( cont 'd ) do you write I you be come here ? I mean , I know you have be away ... ( continued ) 75 continued : 75 . ( 2 ) 75 georgette I do not know ... I must have mention it . be you sorry you come ? JOHN not at all . it 's big enough for the both of we . be not it ? you look really well . georgette I feel well . beautiful here , ya ? JOHN yes . great air ... so far . John look at the empty seat beside she . JOHN ( cont 'd ) do you mind ? or should we try not to co-mingle ? georgette it 's fine , why not ? we be friend . ( introduce the woman next to she ) this be Debbie wasserman . from Yale . JOHN hi. debbie wasserman Nice to meet you . after a brief , awkward smile that say she know a lot about John and georgette 's divorce , Debbie turn to the dining partner on she leave . georgette ( to John ) do maggie tell you we meet ? JOHN yes . she enjoy meeting you . georgette she 's a interesting person . JOHN you think so ? georgette yes , very surprising . ( continued ) 75 continued : 76 . ( 3 ) 75 JOHN how do you have time to be surprised ? georgette you know how it be , we all concoct idea of what we rival will be like . but she 's not my rival anymore . JOHN good . georgette Paul tell I maggie teach he to do a figure eight when she take he ice skate the other day . he be very proud . JOHN she 's great with he . georgette she seem like a very capable person . JOHN she 's a natural mother . georgette look like she 's be sucker - punch . georgette after she , georgette she sound like a wonderful partner for you . I -- I need to make a phone call . I promise ... JOHN be not you go to eat ? georgette I be not really hungry . oh and -- maybe you be right , it will be a mistake if we co-mingle too much . we will only end up get on each other 's nerve . leave , angry -- at herself , mostly . John look confuse . the sound of the wind pick up . 76 77 77 . int . toy company conference room - day the next morning , maggie be have a meeting with komiko , the japanese design graduate student , and some poker - face toy executive . komiko demonstrate she patent doll , unzipping it to reveal a string of cloth intestine . maggie komiko have design the first patent doll with removable internal organ . komiko ( whispery ) sixty percent of child have fear about death . maggie komiko 's idea be , to relieve child 's fear about the body by help they see what 's inside . komiko ( remove the intestine ) they can draw on the organ . maggie but all the element be completely washable . so ... we think this would appeal to parent interested in marriage - base toy . I mean , knowledge . knowledge - base toy . ext . quebec HOTEL - day 76 snow be fall on the landscape . whirl . the wind be ferocious . int . queen loft - kitchen - day 77 in New York , it 's two hour later . maggie be fold laundry with Justine . JOHN ( os ) there 's no heat . the fuck internet do not work . 78 79 78. int . quebec HOTEL - dine area - day - intercut with 78 queen loft John , depressed , be on he phone in a corner of the bar at the end of the dining room . there be a kerosene lamp beside he . it 's still snow . outside , all be white . intercut with maggie in the loft . JOHN the generator blow up . my battery be about to die . and get this . guess who 's here . georgette . int . queen loft - day maggie be painting Justine 's fingernails . maggie really ? wow . how be that ? JOHN her mood match the weather . maggie oh . sorry about that . JOHN how be you guy do ? maggie everyone 's fine . JOHN ( 0.s. ) I can not get any information about when the airport be open up . so it look like I be stick here ! they be break out the snowshoe , which , to I , be ominous . int . queen loft - bathroom - day 79 maggie be have a bubble bath with lily . they be have fun , blow bubbles through a little plastic ring . lily dip the ring into the bottle of bubble stuff , blow a big one and watch it float through the air . maggie oh that 's a good one ... ( continued ) 79 80 79 . continued : 79 maggie ( cont 'd ) I love you so much . lily how much ? wait , I know , twenty - five three hundred and sixty two ! maggie that 's exactly right ! they continue to blow bubbles . maggie ( cont 'd ) I want to live inside a bubble . lily ( watch the bubble float ) I too . maggie lily but I want my own bubble . maggie okay . we can each have a bubble . lily and daddy get he own bubble too . maggie blow a huge bubble and look inside it . maggie I can see daddy in he bubble . maggie look inside the bubble . slow dissolve into : a snowy landscape / John and georgette and a few other be on snowshoe ... ext . quebec mountain - day 80 low wide shot : John and georgette walk in a line of academic on snowshoe . georgette fall over , let out a cry . John turn but she wave he off and continue . closer frontal shot : georgette fall again . John can not help stop to help she up . she dust herself off grumpily . they both look up the mountain to see the rest of the academic have trudge off without they . ( continued ) 80 continued : georgette typical . JOHN we can just follow they track back . they snowshoe together in silence . time pass . 80 . 80 some time later JOHN nothing really look familiar . do it ? close up of there snowshoe cutting into a virgin drift . more time pass ext . forrest - day they be trudging along , deep in conversation , we see they through the tree . JOHN you know that talk you give yesterday be just great . I do not even know you be work in that direction . georgette I guess you have not see anything I have write for a while . JOHN no , I miss that . georgette you do ? JOHN I use to like that . you know , I miss that , show each other stuff . totally lose . ( continued ) 81 . continued : georgette ( encourage , plunging in ) forget I -- that talk you give yesterday be the hit of the conference . JOHN it be just all the old idea . georgette you alter that passage on de tocqueville . JOHN nothing get by you ! georgette you work feel so fresh ... no one unpack commodity fetishism like you do . JOHN aw , shuck . a few exhaust step through the snow , walk toward close up . then : georgette be you still work on that novel ? JOHN yeah . georgette how 's it come ? JOHN ( brusque ) Fine . he move a little ahead . do not want to talk about it . georgette John . JOHN ~ '' ( continued ) continued : 82 . ( 2 ) georgette I do not mean to be insulting about you fiction . it 's just that I be so proud of the academic work you have do . you see , here , how much people love it . JOHN I be not abandon anything . come on . I do not want you to get too cold . something about that little protective statement make georgette sad . she love he so much . he turn . JOHN ( cont 'd ) what 's the matter ? georgette I have something I want to tell you . JOHN what be it ? georgette I be sorry . JOHN for what ? georgette for be so self - center . for not listen to you , to what you need , for not invest in you work -- JOHN hey , you do not have to -- georgette I think I be just so , so tie up in succeed , in make a name for myself , I stop pay attention to we , to you , to we marriage . and now , I have success , and it 's as if I have emerge from a tunnel . I hope ... in the future , to be less self - absorb . if I ever get another chance ... at love . ( continued ) 81 83 . continued : ( 3 ) JOHN of course you will get another chance . georgette you think so ? JOHN I bet they be lining up . georgette 's eye fill with tear . this whole thing be too much for she . she sink down into the snow and cry . georgette be we go to die here ?! JOHN no , god. ( yell ) hello ? hello ?! georgette help ! JOHN hey , all you french canadian people ! we 're freezing out here and we have no fucking idea where we be !!! int . quebec HOTEL - dine area - night 81 John and georgette enter , cover in snow . georgette ( to the waiter who open the door ) we be lose . they follow the waiter who hold a torch , walk toward raucous music . a québécois acoustic duo , a man and a woman , be play '' Dancing in the Dark '' by Bruce springsteen on guitar and harmonium on a makeshift stage . the male singer have a thick french canadian accent . georgette and John plop down on a couch , strip off they huge jacket , and take glass of cognac offer to they . they sing along to '' Dancing in the Dark '' , laugh . this be a old favorite of theirs , from early time . Debbie wasserman dance wildly . Al bentwaithe join she . something be happen between that two . then , John can not help it , he want to dance . ( continued ) 81 82 83 84 . continued : 81 he take georgette 's hand and they dance along with all the other tipsy academic . georgette be radiant . they seem so happy and free . later change / move to scene a84 82 int . quebec HOTEL - dine area - night 83 John and georgette be sit together on the couch by the fire , drink cognac . they be almost the only one here . there be a strike intimacy between they . JOHN I have write myself so far up my own ass I can not see my way out . the whole story bore I to death . georgette so stop write it . JOHN I feel like if I do not produce some kind of masterpiece , maggie will give up on I . that book be a big part of what make she fall for I . but , georgette . if I have learn one thing in the last three year ... it 's that I be not a novelist ! georgette if she truly love you ... she 's 1ll love you whether you be a novelist or a garbage collector . a long pause as he look at she . JOHN you do , do not you . you love I that way . she say nothing . a moment between they . then , a little Old World shrug from georgette . he look at she . falling for she . the light come on . they blink in the glare . Al benthwaite walk in at the far end of the room . ( continued ) 83 84 85 . continued : 83 al bentwaithe(0o.s. ) they have open the airport ! we can go home tomorrow ! Debbie wasserman hoot off-screen . John and georgette sit , sadden by the news . georgette I better go pack ... she leave he to think . int . quebec HOTEL - georgette 's room - night 84 georgette be pack . the light be on . there be a knock . it 's John . JOHN I do not want to go back . georgette John look up at she and it 's clear that he love she . JOHN I do not want to leave you . georgette ( ushere he in ) John ... JOHN I want you so badly . I can not think about anything else . it 's like it never end , like the past three year never happen . or that I be hallucinate . georgette but they do happen . it all happen . JOHN I know . I know ! georgette we have to stay real . the snow be melting . she be powerfully draw to he -- and yet -- ( continued ) 84 85 86 . continued : 84 georgette ( cont ’d ) John . JOHN ~ '' georgette there 's something you should know . JOHN what be it ? georgette pause , uncertain if she should break the mood by spilling the bean about maggie 's offer . she sit beside he , look at he . JOHN ( cont 'd ) ? she come closer and closer ... and ... they kiss and fall out of frame . int . queen loft bedroom - day maggie wait , lie on the bed , wonder if the plan be work ... int . quebec HOTEL - dine area —- morning 85 meanwhile , John be tear into he egg while read a book by Mick taussig call , '' what Color be the Sacred ? '' georgette join he , look fragrant in a crisp white shirt . georgette ( to waiter with two pot ) coffee please . the waiter pour the coffee be the same man that rock springsteen last night . John half notice this , then look at he ex-wife . JOHN now what . georgette you regret it ? JOHN we belong to each other . that 's it . ( continued ) 85 86 continued : georgette actually , for I , this be a one - night stand . they be both so happy . georgette ( cont ’d ) but seriously . I have change . I know I can live without you now . I just do not want to . JOHN good . georgette I would like to read you novel now . JOHN really ? georgette I know you have a copy because I see you mark one up . John reach into he backpack and pull out a manuscript . JOHN be careful what you wish for . int . queen loft - bedroom - afternoon maggie be sit on she bed , wait . wait . she hear John 's key in the door . fear in she maggie hi. JOHN hi . he lean in and kiss she swiftly . JOHN ( cont 'd ) where 's lily ? maggie Felicia want to take she to that dance class . 87 . 85 massive 86 belly . ( continued ) 86 continued : John sit on the bed . maggie ( cont 'd ) how do you talk go ? JOHN Fine , I think . well attend . I get a few laugh . maggie be it okay with georgette ? JOHN she eventually defrost . maggie good . John can not bear the pressure of the lie . JOHN I should tell you something . maggie okay ... 88 . 86 she sit wait , she arm clamp around she leg . he sit down on the bed again , crush by guilt , barely able to get the word out . JOHN you know we be snow in ? maggie I know . JOHN so georgette and I be throw together for two whole day . and there be this ... atmosphere of -- I do not know , it be very strange . I find myself ... unearthing thing ... old stuff ... maggie good stuff or bad stuff ? JOHN I do not know . emotional . nostalgic - the same stuff . maggie the same as what ? ( continued ) 89 . 86 continued : ( 2 ) 86 JOHN yes . fuck . I be so sorry . maggie what happen ? JOHN georgette and I sleep together . a long pause . this victory hurt . John sit , he head droop . maggie begin to cry . even if this be she idea , it hurt . maggie georgette be right . JOHN what do you mean ? maggie we should have just be a affair . you be have a rough spot in you marriage and I come along and ... JOHN but then we would not have have lily . maggie that 's right . JOHN ( genuinely tear ) it be real between we ... all real . when I meet you , I be lose . I be a fuck mess . I be so insecure and you ... you save I . you rescue I . I be sorry . I do not know what to do . maggie you know what to do . JOHN no I do not ! maggie you go back to georgette . if you love she . JOHN you think ? ( continued ) 86 87 a87 88 90 . continued : ( 3 ) 86 maggie nod . she 's very sad , but she know this be right . John kiss she , then pull away . he be , it seem , in love with two woman at this moment . JOHN ( cont 'd ) oh , shit . I do not know what to do . they sit together . omitted 87 ext . georgette 's apartment - late afternoon a87 establish shot . int . georgette 's apartment —- late afternoon 88 georgette , John , Justine , and Paul have dinner . Paul be go on about something that happen at school . Justine be stare at John . justine ( not hostile , just curious ) what be you do here ? JOHN I accidentally run into you mom at school cause we each think it be we day to pick up Paul -- paul yeah , that be so funny ! justine JOHN and then you Mom graciously invite I over to dinner . justine you guy should learn to coordinate you schedule . JOHN there 's no harm in spend time together as a family . ( continued ) 88 89 91 . continued : 88 justine except for -- be not that the point of a divorce ? that you be not a family anymore ? int . georgette 's apartment —- bedroom - late afternoon 89 we hear John say goodbye to the kid off-screen . georgette enter the bedroom , draw John in with she . they fall on the bed and start fool around , impatient as teenager . a knock on the lock door . they freeze . paul ( 0s ) Mom ? georgette ( call out ) what be it Paul darling ? paul ( 0s ) I be hungry . georgette but you just eat ! paul ( 0s ) what can I have ? georgette you can have a plate of saltine , a cheese stick , and a apple . georgette start frantically undoing John 's belt buckle . paul ( 0s ) can you cut up the apple ? georgette ask Justine . paul ( 0s ) she 's busy . ( pause ) Mom ? John jump off the bed . JOHN ( whisper , cinching he belt ) this be ridiculous . I have to go . ( continued ) 89 90 91 92 . continued : 89 georgette where will you stay ? JOHN I do not know . i’1l just call some friend -- try to avoid a hotel . we have get to give they time to adjust . they kiss . she slip out the door . John wait till she be go a while , just stand there stock-still . georgette ( os ) all right , Paul , here I come to cut up you apple ! ext . georgette 's house - night 90 John make call , leave a few message with various friend he could stay with for the night . jump cut as he leave message . then , finally : JOHN Felicia ! thank God you be home ... ah , not so good . int . tony and felicia 's apartment - night 91 Felicia and John have be talk for a while . Felicia be knitting . JOHN so she already tell you guy ? she call you ? felicia she call I . I do not know about tony , he 's be out all day . JOHN what have she say ? be she go to be okay ? felicia you know maggie . she 's be take care of herself all she life . I mean , she 's emotional -- JOHN this whole thing feel so unreal . ( continued ) 93 . 91 continued : 91 felicia I know . I think it 's better to be honest . when you can . JOHN I be just so surprised ! felicia I know . I mean , I can imagine . a fumble at the lock . sing . it 's tony , in a rumple suit . Three sheet to the wind . tony John ! be not you in Canada ? felicia no . he 's here . tony look at Felicia . she glare at he to keep silent . JOHN so you win you case ? tony we trounce they . JOHN what be it about ? tony tainted pudding . JOHN a lawsuit ? tony what else ? lawsuit keep my wife in post- modern choreography , and I in self - loathing . a good deal all round . felicia if you be go to be in that kind of mood you should just go to bed . tony be fumble around in a kitchen cabinet . tony I be craving one little nip of that vanilla whiskey you so lovingly give I for Christmas , fi. ( continued ) 94 , 91 continued : ( 2 ) 91 felicia look like you have have enough of something . tony hold up a bottle . talk to john. tony this stuff be like liquid crack . have some ? JOHN just a finger . thanks . tony sit down and grimace in pain . tony aargh . felicia what be it ? tony I sit on my ball . felicia I think you should have you ball hemmed . like that actor -- what 's he name ? JOHN be you serious ? felicia apparently it 's just a few stitches , and -- boop ! a ball lift . tony ( adjust he seat ) so. John . any news ? John look at Felicia , wonder how much tony know . JOHN you have not speak to maggie ? tony I have be knee - deep in pudding all day . felicia John and maggie be ... ( continued ) 91 continued : John sit 95 . ( 3 ) 91 JOHN we ... felicia he and georgette ... tony ( unthink , drunk ) you mean it work ?! JOHN what work ? tony ( a desperate attempt to recover ) who say that drink be like tit - - one be too few , three too many ? JOHN what work ? what be you talk about ? tony ( look sick , push he drink away ) I be not really much of a drinker . felicia no . you be not . immobile as the terrible logic accrue in he . JOHN so this be what georgette keep almost tell I . oh , Jesus . tony and Felicia go into a frenzy of lame denial . felicia she might have be try to tell you -- JOHN you guy set I up ? felicia no! tony no ! a91 92 96 . ext . queen loft - dawn aq1 the elevate train snake across the track above the store front . int . queen loft - bedroom --dawn 92 John walk into the room and turn on the light , start take he clothes out of the drawer . maggie wake up . maggie John ? JOHN be it a test ? maggie JOHN to see if I really be in love with georgette , as you apparently suspect ? a pause . maggie feel a little frighten . JOHN ( cont 'd ) you happy now ? maggie happy be not the right word . JOHN I do not even know what to say . I be speechless . maggie we be go to break up . I hada feel you be still in love with georgette . and you be , as it turn out . JOHN what about lily ? my daughter . where do she fit into this plan of yours ? maggie if we be go to break up it 's -- better to do it soon , for she sake . so that 's all she remember . ( continued ) 97 . 92 continued : 92 John flip . JOHN but I do not want to break up ! because , among other thing , I be commit to you and we have a child together . maggie not because you want to be with I . JOHN ( on a wave of he own thought -- pack all the while ) so this be the fate you have pick out for I -- to just ricochet around the tri-state area , ruin one family after another ? I do not accept that . I do not choose this . I can not believe I let you make I feel so -- so guilty about betray you and wreck we marriage , when you mastermind this whole thing , manipulate I into fall for my ex-wife , collude with she to get I invite to that conference , to make I into some absurd patsy , a pawn in you revolting little narrative . well guess what ? you puppet be cut he string . you can both fuck yourselves . maggie you and georgette never really stop be together the whole time we be marry . JOHN what ? maggie I mean , you think it be over , but it never really be . this be the proof , be not it . it 's what you want . be honest . JOHN I think the question really be what do you want ? what do you want , maggie hardin ? ( continued ) 92 continued : 98. ( 2 ) 92 maggie I want to live honestly . JOHN well you be not off to a very good start . maggie I do not want a marriage that 's a lie . I do not want to tiptoe around we disconnection anymore . you deserve to be with someone who really -- give herself over to you . I do what I think be right . JOHN you be very ethical . maggie you be the one who sleep with someone else . JOHN ( laugh in spite of himself ) be you fuck kid I ? John zip up he bag . JOHN ( cont 'd ) by the way , just out of curiosity -- do you ever love I ? maggie of course I do . JOHN that 's nice . maggie where be you go ? JOHN I have no idea . maggie what about the kid ? JOHN you and georgette seem to be such good teammate , strategize with she . ( continued ) 99 . 92 continued : ( 3 ) 92 he leave . maggie stare at the door he 's walk out of . 94 int . lily 's room - day 94 maggie walk lily 's room and lie on the bed . lily stir and look over the railing of she bed . lily what mama ? maggie oh wiglet . I do something really stupid . to fix something else I do that turn out wrong . and I think it be go to end up wonderful . but I make a big mess . lily ( finally , something she can relate to ) you make a mess ? maggie recover somewhat . laugh through she tear . maggie yes . but I do not know how to clean it up . lily ( lie down again ) use a sponge . just forget about it . maggie can not help smile . 95 ext . minivan / queen street - afternoon 95 maggie be drive with lily in the back . 96 int . georgette 's kitchen - day 96 maggie walk in . georgette be at the table . maggie he find out . georgette how ? ( continued ) 96 continued : 100 . 96 maggie tony . my best friend . he be drunk . it slip out . georgette sit down and take this in . georgette it be inevitable . I almost tell he myself several time . maggie the tragic flaw in my plan . georgette where be he ? maggie I do not know . I think he 's just really sick of both of we . mostly I . a moment of silence . maggie ( cont 'd ) georgette . I do not know what to say . georgette look at she , deeply . georgette you be a funny person . there be something very ... pure about you and -- a little bit stupid . or , no , it 's ... a kind of innocence . you be so -- unconscious . yet . I can not help it , I like you . I do not blame you . I just should not have allow he back in my life . I have decide against it , even in Canada . I be not even go to let it happen . it be the snow . it be the cozy , cozy snow . Der wassa huchlich . we just ... fall for each other again . I want my husband back . maggie I do not think you have to lose he . georgette ( with a flash of anger ) you know what ? if he do call you , tell he to screw off . ( more ) ( continued ) 96 101 . continued : ( 2 ) 96 georgette ( cont 'd ) tell he from I . ( see Justine enter ) hello darling ! maggie how about if I take all the kid for a few day . georgette stop it . stop try to take care of everybody . maggie it 's fine . they will not mind , they be use to I , right Justine ? justine could you please just tell I what 's go on ? both woman look at the child . she stare back at they solemnly . maggie you dad and I have a big fight and he 's take some time . justine ( to georgette ) be you and he get back together ? georgette it 's a complex situation . Justine : a disturbing think be form . georgette ( cont ’d ) be you sad ? justine no . maggie angry ? Justine look at the woman for a beat . justine you guy really have no idea what you be do , do you ? maggie and georgette stand unable to answer . ( continued ) 96 97 98 102 . continued : ( 3 ) 96 justine ( cont 'd ) I mean , there be no plan , be there ? int / ext . minivan / queen street - afternoon 97 maggie be drive georgette , Justine , Paul , and lily back to queen . she look dolefully at georgette in the passenger seat . georgette be stare , catatonic . now maggie will be take care of she , too . int . queen loft - justine 's room / kitchen - next day 98 School time ! maggie tiptoe down the hall and peek into Justine 's room and see georgette asleep on a air mattress clutching John 's manuscript . maggie ( whisper ) Justine do you find you charge ? justine ( whisper ) yes . Justine exit she room as : paul ( yell from kitchen ) where be my science book ?! maggie sshshsh ! maggie run into kitchen , pick up lily and put she on she hip . pack snack , book bag , pencil case , she own brief case , make oatmeal ... the kitchen be a mess . georgette stalk into the room carry John 's manuscript . maggie ( cont 'd ) do you sleep ? georgette maybe two hour . maggie go back to bed . georgette I will help , then go back later . ( continued ) 98 103 . continued : 98 maggie it 's okay . really . georgette I want to help . georgette , determine to help , squint to see the print on the dish wash liquid , then shrug and put some in the dishwasher , turn it on , then sit on the couch and start read again . she 's almost do . maggie ( to Justine ) what about you basketball uniform ? I wash it -- justine oh no . maggie it 's okay , it 's all fold , just -- here -- it 's almost quarter after , we be gonna be late if -- paul I can not find any sock . maggie just take some out of the laundry basket . paul ( yell from the other room ) they be dirty ! maggie wear they anyway , it 's fine . ( to Justine ) you have you pencil case ? maggie grab a canvas shopping bag and stuff the gear into it . maggie ( cont 'd ) okay let 's go ! Paul be look at something . paul maggie ...? ( continued ) 98 99 100 101 102 103 104 . continued : ( 2 ) 98 maggie turn . there be sud foam out of the dishwasher . a lot of sud . maggie run toward the sud and dive in to save the day . ext . minivan / queen street - day 99 maggie , a few residual sud in she hair , shepherd everyone into the car and leave . lily shout out number . int . queen loft - day 100 georgette finish the book , close it , contemplate it furiously . she then get up , take a metal trash can , put it on the coffee table , and light the first page of the manuscript . it go up in flame . ext . queen STREET - day maggie 's van chug along on the way in to Manhattan . ext . new school - day 101 maggie run into the building . int . queen loft - day georgette set another page of John 's manuscript alight . a merry fire leap up . georgette watch it burn . ext . new school - afternoon 102 maggie run out of work at the end of the day . still late . int . queen loft - afternoon 103 maggie walk in , breathless , overwrought , lily on one hip , grocery on the other . lily twenny five - twenny seven ! fitty two ! Justine and Paul tumble in behind she . georgette be shower and dress . she seem more collect . ( continued ) 103 105 . continued : 103 maggie hi! georgette take the bag of grocery . maggie put lily down and lily run to she corner to play . maggie sniff . maggie ( cont 'd ) be something burn ? georgette no . maggie I be think steam carrot and pork chop . georgette i’1ll make apple sauce . georgette peel a apple . georgette ( cont ’d ) thank God it 's Friday . maggie I think if we take they all skate tomorrow , then you go to the movie with Justine . it will scare Paul . paul no it will not ! georgette yes it will . justine it 's rate pg - 13 Paul . you can only handle G. paul that 's not fair . justine I be not have you crawl in my bed for the next month . maggie ( to Paul ) I can take you and lily to something else . let 's look at what 's play . ( continued ) 106 . 103 continued : ( 2 ) 103 paul be '' Ice maiden adorable '' still play ? maggie you really want to see that again ? paul yes ! Justine make a retching face as she get a snack from the fridge . georgette we can not do that to maggie . that 's not fair . maggie I do not care , I ’1ll take a nap . maggie have start chopping carrot . maggie ( cont 'd ) ow ! maggie 's nick she finger and suck the tip . georgette maggie . sit down . where be the band-aid ? maggie point to a shelf , sit . georgette get she a band - aid and put it on maggie 's tremble finger . maggie be panic . maggie ( to georgette ) have you hear from John ? justine I do . he sell he car and buy a motorcycle . and he 's take we to the Giants on Sunday . georgette oh for God 's sake . maggie where be he live ? justine I 'il ask he when we be in the stand . ( continued ) 103 107 . continued : ( 3 ) 103 georgette turn to maggie , who be on the verge of a panic attack . she can not breathe well and she 's almost in tear . georgette Justine can you take Paul in to watch tv ? Justine and Paul go . georgette ( cont 'd ) what be it ? maggie I be sure if you see each other -- georgette no more matchmake idea . no more idea , period . you have have you think license revoke . maggie I all never get involved with anyone else 's fate again -- not even my own . i’1l become a completely passive , non-interventional -- Buddhist . I just feel like you guy be so close to -- georgette you have to let this go , maggie . this story have its own momentum , apart from you . it always do . maggie I be so sorry . I think I be go to do something really grand , like a coup ... I be so sick of be I . georgette you should really try the tapping . maggie what tapping ? georgette I go to a workshop on biofeedback . it 's amazing . what you do be , you figure out the essential thing you want to change , and you make a sort of dictum . like , for you , '' I be not control , '' maybe . or whatever you want to change . ( continued ) 103 104 105 108 . continued : ( 4 ) 103 maggie ' I be not control 's be good . georgette and you tap like this -- georgette tap herself on the top of the head , between the eyebrow , under she nose , on she chin , she temple , behind the ear , and on the wrist , and maggie imitate she , repeat after she , emotion building in she still and brim over as she tap . georgette ( cont ’d ) I be not control . ( tap tap tap ) maggie I be not control . ( tap tap tap ) georgette ( tapping ) I leave people to they own fate . maggie ( tapping ) I leave people to they own fate . etc ... ext . queen STREET - day georgette march toward camera with great determination . ext . cafe - day 104 establish shot . int . cafe - day 105 georgette wait , a coffee beside she . John set he helmet on the table . JOHN so why do you want to see I ? he sit . they glare at each other . georgette I want to return you book . ( continued ) 109 . 105 continued : 105 she take a plastic baggie fill with ash from she purse and put it in front of he . JOHN where shall I scatter this ? georgette anywhere be fine . JOHN I can not believe you burn my fuck book , on top of everything else . georgette I burn a copy of you book . JOHN you probably do not even read it . georgette of course I read it . that 's why I burn it ! you cannibalize we marriage to write that story . JOHN you do not even bother to fictionalize we in yours . georgette I do not write fiction ! JOHN you think you paint a precise portrait of we in '' bring back the geisha ? '' I can not believe you be make I feel bad about the sin of my unpublish novel -- be we just go to gloss over you actual lie and manipulation ? georgette I be not a liar ! you know I never lie . I lie now ... I manipulate ... I debase myself morally -- because ... I love you so terribly much . maybe you could be flatter . this reach he a little . he know what it cost she . ( continued ) 105 continued : 110 . ( 2 ) 105 JOHN if you love I so much , why not just -- tell I ? georgette you be marry . JOHN oh , georgette . georgette so you will not take any responsibility for the state of you life ? you be just a victim of we plot ? JOHN I be not a victim . I be just a man who have fuck he life up and be now try to find a airbnb to live in . georgette there be nothing more to say in that case . she start put on she coat ; he make ready to go . it 's over . then , she stop . she 's make one more tactical military maneuver to conquer he : he stare georgette ( cont ’d ) the reason you novel do not work be : you put too much weight on the allegory . you be try to use fiction to prove a thesis . the text be cry out for passage of pure economic theory . narrative blend with theory be you specialty . make it into a John harding book and it could be a phenomenon . JOHN you really think so ? georgette I know it John . you just have to accept it 's 1ll probably be publish by Yale University Press , not scribner 's . Mark my word : you will be shortlist for a bateson Prize . you might even get one . at she . ( continued ) 105 106 107 a107 108 continued : ( 3 ) JOHN fuck . you do it again . georgette what ? JOHN you know I better than I know I . georgette sometimes I wish I do not . he really see she . the air be charge . JOHN you look very beautiful in that light . georgette i‘1l seek out this lighting condition whenever possible in that case . JOHN you do that . he move toward she . and then , they kiss , ravenously ... int . queen loft - bedroom - dawn 111 . 105 106 maggie wake up from a unremember dream , fill with a glorious intuition . lily sleep beside she . jump CUT to : int . queen loft - bedroom - day 107 maggie be dress lily . they talk and laugh . ext . prospect park - ice rink a107 maggie and lily skate on the ice . int . queen loft - bathroom - day 108 lily and maggie brush they tooth in they pyjamas . 109 112 . int . queen loft - bedroom - day 109 another day . maggie and lily play on the floor . int . queen loft kitchen - day 110 maggie and lily eat they egg . a sense of contentment . absolute love . ext -— prospect park - ice rink - day 111 Three week later . one shot : lily be skate between maggie and John , each hold a little hand . she be wear a pin that say '' I be Three ! '' on it . maggie and John hand lily to a skate instructor , flanke by Justine . the instructor escort lily to a clutch of little girl on skate . little girl happy birthday , lily ! this be lily 's third birthday party . it 's a skate party . the skate instructor call out cheerful command . we follow John as he skate over to georgette , who be hold onto the railing for dear life . she lose she balance . John catch she . JOHN Winter sport be not really you strong suit . georgette it 's not fair ! on skate I be not able to defend myself . JOHN I be keep you on ice for the rest of you life , in that case . he push she on the ice as she scream in fear and joy . in the stand , tony , Felicia , and Max watch this tender scene . tony be lace up Max 's skate . maggie skate up to they and lean on the barrier . tony ( refer to georgette and John ) have it ever occur to you that this might have all happen anyway ? even if you have not play titania and sprinkle fairy dust in everyone 's eye ? ( continued ) 111 113 . continued : 111 maggie of course it 's occur to I . felicia you will never know if it be you , or the Hand of destiny . maggie I have decide to embrace the mystery of the universe and stop boss everyone around so much . max good luck with that , bossy pants . Max walk off , toward the ice . maggie stare after he . maggie he 's be listen to we this whole time ? Max be already walk to the skate rink . tony one day he 's go to write a book about we all . and we be not go to look good . Max skate off -- he 's a demon skater . Felicia watch lily skate by in the gaggle of little girl . lily ( shouting , to Justine ) ... fifty - two a hundred ! , fifty - three a hundred ! , fifty -four ... felicia what kind of three year old love number that much ? tony be John good at math ? because you certainly be not . maggie I be not sure ... something be dawn on Felicia , and then it dawns on tony . but maggie be skate away already . maggie back up on the ice , alone , happy . stay with she a moment . she 's a good skater . ( continued ) 114 . continued : ( 2 ) 111 then , she see : walk over the crest of a hill , make he way toward the rink , skate sling over he broad shoulder , be guy . the pickle entrepreneur . who skate every Sunday . glow with idiosyncratic appeal . back up , maggie stare at he in surprise , then thoughtfulness , then affection . she back up till she hit the barrier of the rink . she can not back up anymore . move closer and closer to she watch guy , until she be in a huge close up , on the very edge of she next move .