magnolia a p.t. Anderson picture 11/10/98 a joanne sellar / ghoulardi Film company production over black ; narrator in the New York Herald , November 26 , year 1911 , there be a account of the hang of three man -- CUT to : Black and White lumiere footage Three man hang .... bang ... bang ... bang. CUT to : newspaper headline come into focus ; " Three Men hung . " quick dissolve : sub head come into focus ; " ... for murder of ... " CUT to : int . apartment / foyer - evening ( lumiere footage contd . ) a man in period dress ( 1911 ) walk in the door . camera dolly in quick as he take he hat off , shake snow , look off -- narrator ... they die for the murder of Sir Edmund William godfrey -- Sir Edmund be greet by he wife and two child . narrator -- husband , Father , pharmacist and all around gentle - man resident of -- CUT to : ext . STREET - night camera push in on the town sign , read : " greenberry Hill , London . population 1276 " narrator greenberry Hill , London . population as list . CUT to : ext . pharmacy - night high angle , look down as Sir edmond come out the door , lock up for the evening . camera boom down and push in toward he , whip rt toward : narrator he be murder by three vagrant whose motive be simple robbery . they be identify as : a coated man stand in the shadow of the alley way nearby . narrator ... Joseph Green ..... camera whip rt. again , nearby another man step closer -- narrator ... stanley Berry .... camera whip rt. one more time and push in towards the last man -- narrator ... and Nigel Hill ... wide angle , above scene . the three man move in on Sir edmond and start to knife he to death , steal he money and jewelry . camera pull back and up to include the sign of the pharmacy now : " greenberry Hill pharmacy . " CUT to : lumiere footage replayed . Three man hug . bang...bang ...bang ... narrator Green , Berry and Hill . freeze frame on the last hang image . narrator ... and I would like to think this be only a matter of chance . optical wipe of flame fill the screen , camera pull back : ext . forrest / near lake tahoe - night ( 35 mm / color / anamorphic now ) camera be in the midst of a large forrest FIRE . camera whip rt to see : three firemen battle the flame . camera push in on they as they scream and shout direction at each other : narrator as report in the reno gazzette , June of 1983 there be the story of a fire --- high angle , the tree top . the tree be on fire .... moment later .... narrator --- the water that it take to contain the fire -- water fall down ... drop from a FIRE department AIR tanker . CUT to : ext . forrest / near lake tahoe - morning camera push in towards four firefighter as they survey the area . the fire be out and they be walk through . the MAIN firefighter step into a close up and look : narrator -- and a scuba diver name delmer darion . firefighter Pov , that moment camera dolly in and tilt up towards the top of the tree to reveal : there be a man in scuba gear hang high in the tree . he be wear he goggle and he tank and he wet suit . FIRE fighter ( oc ) what the fuck be that ? angle , cu . delmer darion . he still have he mask and mouthpiece . CUT to : int . peppermill casino - night - flashback camera look down on a blackjack game , boom down and tilt up to reveal : delmer darion ( 40s ) narrator employee of the peppermill Hotel and casino , reno , nevada . engage as a blackjack dealer -- CUT to : int . casino / lobby - early morning - flashback camera push in towards delmer as he leave for the nght , he uniform drape on a hanger over he shoulder , he nod and motion two finger to he fellow worker who say " so longer . " ( note : he have a bandage over he forehead . ) narrator -- well like and well regard as a physical , recreational and sport sort -- delmer 's true passion be for the lake -- CUT to : int . lake tahoe / underwater - day delmer splashes in and come down towards the camera . SOUND drop out , become very quiet ... CUT to : ext . lake tahoe - that moment the FIRE department AIR tanker come fly in , head towards the lake , come directly at camera ... CUT to : int . lake tahoe / underwater - that moment delmer dive . Silent and peaceful . CUT to : ext . lake tahoe - that moment overhead angle look down on the calm lake .... beat , then : the massive AIR tanker fill the frame , touching down on the water , fulling it's body full of water from the lake . it enter camera rt . and exit camera lft . angle , the AIR tanker . it head off full of water towards the raging forrest fire in the distance . narrator -- as report by the coroner , delmer die of a heart attack somewhere between the lake and the tree . but most curious side note be the suicide the next day of Craig hansen -- CUT to : ext . reno motel - day - flashback establish shot . ( x 3 ) CUT to : int . motel - that moment camera push in super quick towards a man name craig hansen ( 30 ) he shove a rifle under he chin and pull the trigger , blood and brain splatter the ceiling . CUT to : int . AIR tanker cockpit - flashback - day hansen fly the plane . hold cu. as he move towards the lake . narrator ... volunteer firefighter , estrange father of four and a poor tendency to drink -- Mr. hansen be the pilot of the plane that quite accidentally lift delmer darion out of the water -- CUT to : ext . lake tahoe - shot replayed . Quick flashback to the footage of the plane lift the water from the lake , SOUND carry over .... CUT to : int . casino - night - flashback the blackjack table where delmer be deal . dolly around to reveal a drunk and obnoxious craig hansen , scream about the card he 's be deal and taunting delmer narrator -- add to this , Mr. hansen 's torture life meet before with delmer darion just two night previous -- hansen spit and punch at delmer darion 's face for deal the card he 's be deal . security guard attack and pull he to the ground . CUT to : int . motel room - day - back to scene craig hansen read the paper , look at the cover story , that have a photo of delmer darion . he 's cry and mumble to himself : craig hansen ...oh god...fuck ... I be sorry ... I be sorry ... narrator the weight of the guilt and the measure of coincidence so large , Craig hansen take he life . replay of Craig hansen 's suicide , except this time , right before he blow he head off we hear he say , through tear : craig hansen ... forgive I ... CUT to : int . casino - night - back to scene back to the fight delmer and craig hansen be have : camera dolly in quick toward delmer on the ground with blood come from he nose . freeze frame . narrator and I be try to think this be all only a matter of chance . quick dissolve to : insert , close up - HOTEL event board . it read : welcome ! aaf Award dinner and reception Walnut room 8 pm int . HOTEL banquet room - night ( 1961 ) camera push in follow two guest through some double door and reveal the dinner reception . angle , man behind podium . camera push in quick then blend to 60fp on a man in glass : donald harper , forensic scientist as he speak into the microphone . narrator the tale tell at a 1961 award dinner for the american Association of Forensic Science by Dr. Donald harper , president of the association , begin with a simple suicide attempt -- CUT to : ext . rooftop - morning - flashback ( 1958 ) . a seventeen year old kid sydney barringer step up on to the roof of a nine story building and look down . narrator seventeen year old Sydney barringer . in the city of Los Angeles on March 23 , 1958 . camera dolly towards Sydney landing in a close up of he foot on the ledge , they wobble a bit -- he jump , disappear from frame . beat . the follow happen very quickly : angle , look up towards the sky ... Sydney fall past camera .... angle , look down towards the street ... Sydney continue to fall ... angle , a random window on the sixth floor of the building smashes .... angle , Sydney 's stomach ... a bullet rip into it as he fall ... blood splatter and he body flinch .... angle , look up towards the sky ... Sydney 's body and some shattered glass fall directly at the camera ... which pull back a little to reveal : a safety net in the foreground .... Sydney 's body fall limp into the net ... freeze frame . narrator the coroner rule that the unsuccessful suicide have suddenly become a succesful homicide . to explain : CUT to : ext . rooftop - flashback . replay of shot . Sydney step up on the rooftop . camera push in towards he quickly , this time move into he coat pocket -- narrator the suicide be confirm by a note , leave in the breast pocket of Sydney barringer -- dissolve into : int . coat pocket - that moment camera catch glimpsis of the note , " I be sorry ... " " ... and in this time ... " " ... so I will go " " ... and be with God ... " narrator at the same time young Sydney stand on the ledge of this nine story building , a argument swell three storey below -- quick dissolve to : int . build / hallway - that moment camera push in towards the door of room 638 . we hear same scream and yell come fram behind the door ; narrator the neighbor hear , as they usually do , the argue of the tenant -- quick dissolve to : int . apartment # 638 - that moment a elderly couple ( early 60 ) be savagely fight and throw thing . the older man be back away from the older woman who be come at he with a shotgun . narrator -- and it be not uncommon for they to threaten each other with a shotgun or one of the many handgun keep in the house -- older man put it down , put that fuckin ' thing down fay -- older woman -- I 'ii fuck tell you . I will shoot you in the face and end this argument and we see who 's right -- narrator and when the shotgun accidentaly go off , Sydney just happend to pass -- the older woman stumble a bit on some furniture and the shotgun go off -- fire past the older man 's head -- and smashes the window behind he -- sydney fall past and get shot in the stomach , then fall out of frame -- ( they be oblivious to this ) older man you crazy fuckin ' bitch what be you do ? older woman shut the fuck up . freeze frame on the two of they yell and scream : narrator add to this , the two tenant turn out to be : fay and Arthur barringer . Sydney 's mother and Sydney 's father . CUT to : int . apartment - day - later camera move through the scene as policeman and detective question the older couple . neighbor and lookie-loo around . narrator when confront with the charge , which take some figure out for the officer on the scene of the crime , fay barringer swore that she do not know that the gun be load . fay barringer I do not know -- I do not know -- arthur barringer she always threaten I with the gun , but I do not keep it load -- detective -- and you do not load the gun ? arthur barringer why would I load the gun ? CUT to : int . apartment / hallway - that moment camera move through as officer be talk to and get statement from various neighbor ... camera close in on a EIGHT year old boy , speak with a detective . narrator a young boy who live in the building , sometimes a vistor and friend to Sydney barringer say that he have see , six day prior the load of the shotgun -- the detective turn he head and call to another -- detective c'mere a minute -- CUT to : int . apartment - day - flashback . camera move into a bedroom area where we see a figure from the back sit on the bed -- narrator it seem that the argue and the fight and all of the violence be far too much for Sydney barringer and know he mother and father 's tendency to fight , he decide to do something -- camera reveal that it be Sydney barringer who be load the shotgun . the young boy be sit nearby , watch Sydney mumble to himself as he load shell into the shotgun . CUT to : int . apartment / hallway - present camera move in on the young boy , who look into camera . young boy he say he want they to kill each other , that all they want to do be kill each other and he would help they if that 's what they want to do -- CUT to : ext . build / rooftop - day - flashback this be a wide angle replay of the whole event . we see the whole bui1d ... Sydney start to jump and the film suddenly slow down ... a diagram be make to reflect the narration ... this be do like NFL coverage where the x's and o's and arrow and line be draw to indicate placement and move , etc . ) a x appear on the top of the building over Sydney . narrator Sydney barringer jump from the ninth floor rooftop -- his parent argue three storey below -- a of be mark to indicate they position . image go into motion with Sydney jump ... a arrow be draw that display the path of he fall -- narrator her accidental shotgun blast hit Sydney in the stomach as he pass the argue sixth floor window -- freeze Frame show Sydney , hang mid-air -- the glass shatter and start to fall to the ground -- a X mark the spot where he be hit . narrator he be kill instantly but continue to fall -- only to find , three storey below -- a safety net install three day prior for a set of window washer that would have break he fall and save he life if not for the hole in he stomach . a squiggly line with a arrow be draw from Sydney to the net to indicate the path -- unfreeze frame and watch Sydney fall into the net CUT to : int . apartment - day camera move in on the parent then over to some detective and officer who be make sense of this , they nod to each other as if to say , " well we know what we have to do ... " narrator so fay barringer be charge with the murder of she son and Sydney barringer note as a accomplice in he own death ... camera move towards the little EIGHT year old boy as he watch the older couple cry and scream as detective begin to cuff they -- narrator ... and it be in the humble opinion of this narrator that this be not just " something that happen . " this can not be " one of that thing ... " this , please , can not be that . and for what I would like to say , I can not . this be not just a matter of chance . camera push in towards the mother as she scream and scream and the officer 's fight to regain control of she -- in the scuffle , the apartment door be shut directly in the face of the camera . CUT to black . narrator ohhhh . this strange thing happen all the time . Main title que begin , then carry over follow until note : titie Card : New line cinema present title Card : a joanne sellar / ghoulardi Film company production title Card : a p.t. Anderson picture CUT to : camera dolly in Super Quick on a flower . ( time lapse , bud bloom ) freeze Frame , continue with optical Zoom and rotate 360 degree ; total blur . flash title card : m a g n of l i a camera keep move in further and farther until the image get incredibly blurry , then : CUT to : int . suburban home - day ( present Day , 1998 ) sequence a camera dolly in quick towards a television in a live room . it be play a infomercial , shot on video with a hot shot guy frank t.j. mackey ( 30 ) look into the lens . frank in this big game that we play it be not what you find and it 's not what you deserve - it 's what you take . I be Frank t.j. Mackey , master of the muffin and author of the seduce and destroy system of audio and videocassettes that will teach you the technique to have any hard - body blonde drip to wet you dock ! camera move into the television , quick dissolve to : int . bar set / location - that moment we be in the video ( panele 1.33 ) sale pitch / infomercial . various setting : the bar , a supermarket , a bedroom , a park car . each have a few semi-geek talk to a bunch of sexy young girl . frank ( contd . ) bottom line ? Language . the magical key to unlock any woman 's analytical ability and tap directly into she hope , want , fear , desire and panty . " seduce and destroy , " create a immediate sexual attraction in any muffin you meet . learn how to make that lady - " friend " you sex-starve - servant . create a instant , money - back guarantee trance - like state that will have any little so and so just begging for it . I do not care about how you look , what car you drive or what you last bank statement say : " seduce and destroy , " be gonna teach you how to get that naughty sauce you want - fast ! ( dramatic stop , then : ) hey -- how many more time do you need to here the all too famous line of : " I just do not feel that way about you . " CUT to : int . smiling peanut bar - night camera move in on a young woman claudia ( 20 ) sit alone , bit drunk . a vaguely creepy look middle aged guy ( 40s ) take a seat next to she : middle aged guy hey . claudia hi. CUT to : int . claudia' apartment - later a series of quick shot where the follow happen ; claudia and the middle aged guy stumble into she apartment . camera dolly in quick as she nnort a line of coke from she coffee table .... tilt up and pan over to he .... middle aged guy so ? CUT to : int . claudia' bedroom - moment later camera dolly in quick as they be have sex . he 's on top of she , she 's below , camera land in a close up of she face as she get through the experience ... camera move up and past she , find the reflection of the televison in a picture frame on she wall .... dissolve to : int . television image - clip - that moment this be a promo for a game show call , " what do kide know ? " feature the host jimmy gator ( 60 ) we see various clip of he over the year , host the show , at various clebrity event , etc . ( director 's note ) promo announcer for over thirty year , America have hang out and answer question with Jimmy gator . a american legend and a true television icon , Jimmy celebrate he 200,000th hour of broadcast this week -- clip of jimmy speak to a interviewer . jimmy God , have I be around that long ? int . jimmy gator' office - day blind 's close , door lock . Jimmy and a young showgirl from some other show be have sex on he couch . camera dolly in fast . promo announcer he 's a family man who 's be marry for over forty year -- with two child and one grandchild on the way -- cu . photograph . a family photo of jimmy , he wife rose , he son jim , jr. and claudia . this photo be circa 1987 . optical zoom into photo that isolate Jimmy and Claudia in the picture . CUT to : int . cedar sinai medical CENTER - hallway - present day jimmy and rose ( 5as ) walk down a hallway towards a door . promo announcer ( contd . ) we have tune in each day to see the human interaction between Jimmy and some very special kid over the year -- CUT to : int . doctor' office - moment later camera push in on jimmy and rose as they enter , whip over to a nurse who look up , smile say " hello . " promo announcer ( contd . ) -- and we hope there 's thirty more year of watch that happen . jimmy ( to nurse ) ... Jimmy gator ... CUT to : int . suburban home - day camera dolly in towards the televison again . a quick highlight clip show a ten year old kid name stanley spector answer question after question on the show , " what do kid know ? " in a series of dissolves ; stanley ... Donald W. winnicott ....1911 ... North America .... ... South America .... the answer be four .... ... the answer be 22 ... the answer be gravity .... the answer be " the life of Samuel Johnson . " CUT to : int . spector house - day camera be hand held and move around a small apartment , watch a ten year old kid stanley spector ( dress in a suit ) as he dump dog food into two bowl for two dog yapping around he leg while he simultaneously try to gather he backpack -- his father enter : rick spector ( late 30 ) start bark direction ; rick let 's go , let 's go , let 's go , you shoulda do that ten minute ago -- stanley we need more dog food -- rick -- talk in the car , talk in the car , move you ass , c'mon -- stanley grab two backpack and put they over each arm . Rick grab another bag .... head for the door .... stanley be about to fall over with this two full pack , but reach for another bag on the floor ... rick cmon , cmon , cmon , that one to ? stanley I need this one . rick why the hell do you need all four bag of book to go to school each day ? stanley I can not carry all of they . I need they . I need my book . I need they to go to school . CUT to : ext . spector house - moment later camera push in quick as Rick sit in the car , engine run , watch stanley struggle to get himself and the backpack in ; rick there 's no reason for this many backpack . camera land in close up of stanley as he slam the car door . CUT to : ext . school - moment later camera pull back from the park car in a new location as stanley get out of the car with he backpack , Rick watch from the driver 's seat ; rick be ready at two -- stanley should be one-thirty . rick I get a audition , I will not make it here ' till two , c'mon , I will see you later . Love you . stanley Love you too . Rick drive off real quick . stanley look around at he backpack . CUT to : int . 1960 's suburban home - day camera push in on a old television set play a clip from " what do kid know ? " ( 1968 ) the clip show a young jimmy gator ask question to a ten year old kid name donnie smith . jimmy donnie , you have a answer ? donnie promethius . jimmy it be ! television clip continue and we see donnie and two other kide receive a check from the young jimmy gator in the amount of 100,000 dollar each . cu - Young donnie Smith as he smile , accept check , shake hand with Jimmy . title card read : quiz kid donnie Smith - 1968 CUT to : int . dentist office / examining room - moment later donnie smith , age 40 , be recline back in a dentist chair . he have spiky hair , a small stud earing and a bad grey suit . title card read : quiz kid donnie Smith - today donnie this be really exite .... bet you do not get many people my age get brace -- cu - donnie open wide and the pink gook - imprint be place in he mouth . cu - a nurse hold it in there and smile , say : nurse # 1 you be really cute when you be on that show -- nurse # 2 -- you can not answer any question right now though , huh ? he-he -he . cu - teeth . the gook imprint be take out of he mouth . CUT to : int . dentist office / hallway - later camera pull back as donnie and he dentist , dr . lee ( asian , 40s ) exit a examine room , smile , through with they appointment ... dr . lee so we be all set to go , donnie . donnie great , great , great , so I will see you tommorrow morning . dr . lee you be run around like crazy , huh ? donnie I be gonna be late for work . CUT to : ext . 7-11 / parking lot - NORTH hollywood - day camera push in towards donnie as he pull into the parking lot in he little honda accord . he 's smile and sing along to a song * as he pull into a parking space .... ... but he 's go just a bit too fast ... and in a flash , he 's over the parking stopper and up on the curb and tap the glass store front just enough to have glass fall and shatter and display fall over onto the hood of the car .... camera push in on donnie and some people run over to see what 's happend .... donnie what the hell ? what the hell ? pedestrian hey ! it 's quiz kid donnie Smith . pedestrian # 2 quiz kid donnie , why would you drive into the seven eleven ? CUT to : int . earl be house - day camera push in real fast on the front door as phil parma ( 20 ) enter . he have a flat top , flip shade sunglass that he flip up and he 's carry 7 - 11 coffee and a donut .... camera whip lft to reveal ; in this nice house in encino , a medical bed have be plant in the middle of the live room . in the bed be earl partridge ( 70 ) he be very thin and bald and he be on he last leg , die from cancer . there be four or five mutt dog that sleep on he lap and around the bed and at the sound of the door they be up and barking . a young mexican nurse sit next to Earl , motion to phil and he post be relieved . phil move in next to the bed , pet Earl 's head ; phil how 's today then ? earl fuckin ' bullshit be what this be . phil fuckin ' bullshit be right , in 'it ? camera move into a close up on earl , move into he throat , quick dissolve into : int . earl' throat - that moment camera move around he throat and through he body , look at he blood stream and watch , like a medical film , the cancer as it eat away at he body ... as we see it at work we hear a whisper that be earl' voice : earl' whisper voice ... fuckin regret , move through this life .... .. and we do this thing ... get that back ... ... forget , forget ....fuck ....fuck ...... ... make it right .... and we do this thing .... quick dissolve to : int . earl' live room - that moment camera pull back from Earl 's throat to he mouth and he eye and he look to phil say ; earl I be onna need you help , phil . ... you gotta help I something today ... camera pan over quick to phil . phil I 'ii take care of anything , Earl . camera pan / dolly away and tilt up to the cieling ; quick dissolve to : int . earl' house / upstair bedroom - that moment camera dolly in on linda partridge ( 30 ) as she pace around in a nightgown , pop a pill , talk on the phone ; linda well , you be he doctor and that 's why -- well tell I something -- tell I something -- xcu , she see the the bottle of pill she be pop from be empty . linda ( contd . ) and he need more pill , then . ( beat ) fuck it , I be come to see you , I need to come see you to get he more pill and I need some answer so you better just talk to I , I be come to see you , I be come to see you -- she slam down the phone . CUT to : int . earl be house - live room - moment later camera move with Linda as she come down the stair , walk over towards Earl 's bed , try to hide she state . phil stand up and look to she . phil hi , Linda . extreme close up 2 - shot . Linda and Earl . he open he eye just a bit . she bend in and give he a kiss on the forehead . linda I love you , my darling . she turn quickly , speak as she walk out ; linda I will be back in a while , phil . I have to go get some thing and I have to see something and I will be back .... she continue to talk as she walk out the door . CUT to : int . garage / linda' mercede - parked - moment later camera dolly in real quick as she get behind the wheel . she smashes she fist on the steering wheel and cry and cry and cry . CUT to : int . jim kurring apartment - day a very straight ahead apartment in reseda where jim kurring ( 30 ) life . SOUND of a 1-900 personal dating service play over follow quick shot of kurring get ready for he day ; - Jim be sip he morning coffee , read the paper . - Jim in the shower . - Jim do push up . - Jim watch and laugh a bit with the today show . - Jim kneel down by he bed , praying . phone service voice ... Press one to hear this person 's personal description of themself and two to leave a a personal message of you own -- the SOUND of touch - tone phone press " 1 . " jim kurring voice well , hello . this be Jim . I work in Law enforcement . I be a officer for the l.a.p.d. and I work out of the Van nuy district . I love my job , and I love to go to the movie . I try to stay pyhsically fit , my job demand it , so I be in pretty good shape . I be gettin ' up there , though : I be 32 year old and I be six foot two inch tall and I weigh about 160 . I be really interested in meeting someone special who like quiet thing ..... my life be very stressful and I would hope to have a relationship that be very calm and undemand and loving -- the SOUND again of the touch - tone phone cancel Jim 's description . phone service voice if you would like to hear more personal description from other man in you area , press two now -- CUT to : int . van nuy police station - day camera observe the officer at a morning role call , dolly and boom down towards jim kurring , sit off to the side a bit by himself . police captain ( oc ) ... so much violence ... but that 's the way of the world ... good luck , as always ... serve and protect and all that other blah- blah - blah on the side of the car it say -- CUT to : int . police garage - moment later camera dolly with Jim kurring as he walk to he squad car . all the cop walk with partner , except he . kurring throw on a pair of Oakley sunglass and get in the car -- CUT to : int . police car - moving - later camera hold a cu. of Jim as he drive . he speak to someone unseen ; jim kurring this be not a easy job . I get a call from shirley on the radio : bad News . it 's never good news . she try to be cheerful , try to say something nice , but uh-huh , it 's just bad News . and it stink . but this be my job . and I Love it. because I want to do well . in this life and in this world I want to do well . and I want to help people . and I may get twenty bad call a day . but one time I help someone , I make a save ? I correct a wrong or right a situation ; then I be a happy cop . and we move through this life we should try and do good . wider angle reveal that he be talk to himself . beat . hold . jim kurring ( sotto , to himself ) ... do good. and if we can do that ... and not hurt anyone else ..... well , then .... CUT to : ext . magnolia boulevard - day camera look straight down on a intersection . Jim kurring 's police car drive past .... a little sunlight that hit the intersection go away as if cover very quickly by a grey cloud .... end title oue and sequence a . CUT to black . title card read : partly cloudy , 75 % chance of rain fade in : int . apartment complex / NORTH hollywood - day sequence B camera ( steadicam ) follow behind jim kurring . he walk through a courtyard , past some young mexican and black kid play , up a staircase and arrive at a door that be half open ; jim kurring hello ? he knock , push the door open a bit , step in : a very , very large black woman , marcie ( 4 os ) appear , come at he , ranting and rave ; marcie what ? what ? what now ? jim kurring quietly , slow down , whoa -- marcie you can not just come in here . jim kurring the door be open , I get a call -- marcie you be just come in -- jim kurring calm down . marcie I be calm . jim kurring I get a call to this apartment , report of a disturbance -- marcie there 's no disturbance . jim kurring I get a call of a disturbance , you be door be open , I just wanna see what 's goin ' on -- marcie there 's no disturbance . jim kurring then you have get nothin ' to worry about . marcie you do not tell I , I know my rights , just come right in , you can not -- jim kurring do not test I , you wanna talk about what the law book say , we can do that , push I far enough and I will take you to jail -- now calm down . marcie I am calm . jim kurring you be not calm . you be screamin ' and yellin ' and I be here to check on a disturbance that be report and that 's what I be gonna do - now be you alone in here ? marcie I do not have to answer you question . jim kurring no you do not : but I be gonna ask you one more time : be you alone in here ? marcie what do it look like ? jim kurring no one else in here ? marcie you be here . jim kurring ok . that 's true . be anyone else , besides I and besides you in this house ? marcie no. I say that . jim kurring be you lyin ' to I ? marcie I live alone . jim kurring maybe so , but I be gonna ask you one more time : be anyone else in this House right now ? marcie no I Said . jim kurring ok . what 's you name ? marcie marcie . jim kurring ok . marice why do not you take a seat for I ? marcie I preffer to stand . jim kurring I be not askin ' , marcie . marcie sit down . marcie I do not do anything . jim kurring maybe you do not , but I be here to find out about a disturbance . some neighbor call say they hear scream and a loud crash . marcie I do not know a loud crash . jim kurring and what about scream ? marcie I say : I don't know . you can not just come in here and start pokin ' around -- jim kurring what 's this , how do this happen ? insert , ecu . the floor . a ashtray have fall on the floor , cigarette butt all around . marcie a ashtray fall , I do not know , maybe last night , I just wake up . jim kurring you just wake up . and what would you have a party last night , the way this place look ? marcie I go out last night . jim kurring ok. marcie . start now I want you to have a new attitude with I . the more you play game , the more suspicious I be gonna become that you have be up to something . marcie it 's a free country , you can think anything you want . jim kurring yes I can , marcie . and until you start givin ' I some straight answer : I be gonna assume that some mischief have be goin ' on here . marcie mischief ? what the fuck you talkin ' about , mischief ? jim kurring bad and illegal behavior . that 's what I mean . ok ? mischief . now have you be doin ' some drug today ? marcie no . jim kurring you on any medication ? marcie no . jim kurring be drinkin ' today ? marcie it 's ten o'clock in the morning -- there 's a small thump noise oc . Jim turn he head quick and look and marcie freeze . jim kurring --- what be that ? marcie I do not hear anything . marcie stand up . jim kurring no. no. stay down , marcie , sit back down on that couch -- marcie I do not have to do a god damn thing . kurring get he handcuffs out and handcuffs she wrist to the couch , she go crazy , scream and yell the whole time ; marcie what' this ? what' this ? GOD damn bullshit . bullshit . don't put that -- jim kurring marcie - calm down . calm down and do not do this . I want you to stay -- continue with that until he 's get she cuffed to the couch . he remove he revolver from he holster and start to move slowly down the hall to the back bedroom -- marcie what the fuck be this bullshit ? what the fuck be you do , motherfucker ? mother-god -damn fucker . where be you goin ' ? don 't go in my GOD damn bedroom . kurring keep move slowly , gun draw , camera behind he ; jim kurring this be the lapd . if anyone be back here I want you to come out and I want you to show yourself to I with you hand in the air -- marcie there's no one in there . stay out of my motherfuckin bedroom . kurring move into the bedroom now and see that the closet be close and probably the only place for someone to be hide ; jim kurring this be the lapd , if anyone be in the closet I want you to come out and show yourself to I , slowly and with you hand up -- marcie ( oc ) there's no one in there ! jim kurring marcie - quiet down ! now if anyone be in the closet , come out now -- marcie ( oc ) there's no one in my motherfuckin closet and stay out of my bedroom , stay out of my GOD damn bedroom . jim kurring -- do not do this -- my gun be draw and if I have to open that closet you will get shot -- step out now . Jim inch towards the closet , flip it open real quick and stand back , ready for something to jump out -- nothing . marcie I tell you there be no one in there ! Jim look down the hall at marcie who have physically drag the large couch handcuff behind she ; jim kurring marcie - do not drag that couch any further ! jim' Pov , camera dolly in slowly toward the closet . he push some sheet aside and burry around to reveal : a dead skinny white man ( 5as ) curl up in a ball on the floor of the closet . he would dead and he 's be cover in dirty laundry . he have a gag around he mouth . hold on Jim for a moment , he panic a little and swing he revolver towards marcie : jim kurring what the hell be this marcie ? marcie that's not mine . Jim swing the aim of he gun back at the dead body . CUT to : int . earl be house - live room - day Earl in bed , pretty out of it , but once in a while a couple clear moment . phil sit next to the bed , paper and coffee nearby . earl ...n' I dowanna do this ... sit here , I can see the thing , y'know ... it 's gettin ' there that 's the cocksucker ... like ... I see that pen ... I see it , I know it 's there , I reach out for it -- no -- he mime the action , get nowhere near the pen . earl ...no ... no goddamn use . ( beat ) I have a son , y'know ? phil you do ? earl ...ah ... phil where be he ? earl I do not know ... I mean , he 's around , he 's here , in town , y'know , but I do not know ... he 's a tough one ...very .... do you have a girlfriend , phil ? phil no . earl get a girlfriend . phil I be try . earl and do good thing with she ... share the thing ... all that bullshit be true , y'know ... find someone and hold on all that ... where 's Linda ? phil she go out . she say she go out to run some errand . she will be back . earl she 's a good girl . she 's a little nut , but she 's a good girl I think . she 's a little daffy . phil she love you . earl ...ah ...maybe ...yeah ... she 's a good one ... phil when be the last time you talk to you son ? earl .... I dunn ...o.... maybe ten ... five , fuck , fuck .... that 's another thing that go -- phil -- memory ? earl time line , y'know ? I remember thing but not so -- right there -- y'know ? phil yeah . earl " yeah . " the fuck do you know ? phil I have see it before . earl other fuckin ' asshole like I . phil there 's no asshole like you . earl ...cocksucker .... phil how come every word you say be either " cocksucker , " or " shitball , " or " fuck ? " earl do I a personal favor -- phil go fuck myself ? earl you get it . earl get hit with something and start to moan a bit . sharp pain hit he and he touch he hand to he face .... earl ... I can not hold onto this anymore ... phil I will get you another pain pill . another morphine pill -- earl ... gimme that fuckin ' phone ... phil who be you gonna call ? earl I wanna see this ... where be he , do you know ? phil who ? earl Jack . phil be Jack you son ? Earl do not answer . he 's drift a bit more now . phil you wanna call he on the phone ? we can call he , I can dial the phone if you can remember the number -- earl -- it 's not he . it 's not he . he 's the fuckin ' asshole ... phil ..c'mere ... phil lean in closer to Earl . earl this be so boring ... so goddamn ... and die wish and all that , old man on a bed ... fuck ... want one thing : phil it 's ok . Earl hallucinate a bit , cry a little , try to form the sentence ; earl ... find he on the ... Frank . his name 's Frank Mackey -- phil Frank Mackey . that 's you son ? earl that 'snotmy name ... find lily , gimmme that , give it -- Earl try to grab something near phil 's head that be not there . he 's hallucinate more now , fall asleep a bit , mumble ; earl ifyougimmethat ....overonthe .... fuck .... I can not hold ontothis anymore ... he give phil make a imaginary object and fall asleep . beat . stay with phil a moment as he turn he head , look around the house a moment , look back to Earl . CUT to : int . burbank holiday inn / banquet room - that moment frank step into a close up and hold a mic , say : frank respect the cock and tame the cunt , boy . reverse , that moment . the crowd of fifty guy who be take the " seduce and destroy seminar " that Frank be teach today laugh and play along ; Frank be on a slightly elevate stage . v behind he a huge banner for , " seduce and destroy , " whose logo be a scared pussycat and a large wolf with a big buldge in he fur . it read : " no pussy have nine live " . frank and you do hear I right . tame it . take it on , head first -- with you skill at work and say , " no . you will not control I . you will not take my soul and you will not win this game . " ' cause it be a game , guy , you wanna think it 's not -- go back to the schoolyard and have a crush on Mary Jane -- respect the cock -- you be embed this think : I be in charge . I be the one who say yes , no , now or here . shit , man . sad but true . sad but true . and you wanna know what ? it must be the way . the thing about chick and the thing about this course that we be go through today be how universal the whole thing be . I mean : I wish I could sit here and say that it 's not -- because the reality ? if each chick have something new , something really new that I would never see before ? fuckin ' hell : I would be in the money ! because I would have to create a hundred new cassettes , a hundred new book , a hundred new seminar and hundred new video just to deal with each and every situation a chick could create - but that be just not the case . they be universal . they be sheep . they be to be study and watch -- they have pattern that must be stop , interupted and resist . I would be makin ' a fuckin ' butt load if they be actually as much of a challenge as they want you to think they be ! reality : they be all the same . each and every one of they . and once you learn this method : you be set. you do not have to come back . that 's it . in solid . boom. done. over . why ? because all woman be the same . period . end of discussion . sorry . it 's true . sad but true . and anyone who want to say that this method we work by be " unfair ? " yes , they be . guilty as charge . and so 's the world . it 's a harsh , hard unfair place , but it 's not gonna stop I from get my fair shair of hair pie -- period . sorry . end of discussion . CUT to : int . holiday inn / lobby - that moment slide door open in the lobby and a young woman gwenovier ( 30 ) enter , take off she sunglass and look around . there 's a bunch of poster and Signs for the " seduce and destroy seminar with Frank tj Mackey , " etc . Frank 's two sidekick : doc ( 20 ) and captain muffy ( 40s ) approach ; captain muffy you be gwenovier ? gwenovier yeah . captian muffy I be Captain muffy , I be Frank 's personal assistant . this be Doc -- doc hello . gwenovier hello . captain muffy we can go right in here . he start about thirty five minute ago , but it 's all get pump up now -- CUT to : int . holiday inn / banquet room - that moment Captain muffy , Doc and gwenovier enter and head tor some seat , camera swing a 180 and move down the aisle , towards the stage as Frank speak -- frank number one : get a calendar . I can not stress this enough . this be a simple item guy . it 's 99 cent at you corner store : go and get one . fuck it , if you reach into you packet , you will see I have be nice enough to include one , ' cause that 's the kind of prick I be -- you be gonna need this calendar and I know it sound like a small thing , but have it make all the difference in the world : if you meet a girl and you be gonna work a a-3 interuption -- let 's say a eight day wait period before the next call -- how you gonna know when that eight day be up ? buy a calendar . next move ? Mark the calendar . yeah , yeah , yeah . what do I pay my eight hundred dollar for ? to hear Frank tell I to buy a calendar and mark it ? just stick with I and stick by the calendar . Mark it up -- use it to set goal -- if you wanna make that " friend " something else -- you gotta be hard on yourself , set goal : ( beat , to audience ) you , there : and what 's you name ? CUT to : int . earl' house / office - that moment phil flip through a little adress book , find a number . xcu - it read , " Frank 8/509 - 9027 " he pick up a phone and dial ; female voice hello ? phil hi. be Frank there ? female voice I think you have the wrong number . phil I be look for Frank Mackey . female voice no . phil be this 509-9027 ? female voice yeah . you have the wrong number . there 's no one name Frank here . phil alright . thank you . female voice yep . phil hang up the phone . CUT to : int . holiday inn / banouet room - that moment . camera with gwenovier as she walk quietly over to the side of the crowd to a video crew that 's be set up and be recording Frank 's seminar . she speak sotto to a cameraman ; gwenovier sorry I be late -- cameraman -- we be all set upstairs . gwenovier thanks . she move towards a row and take a seat next to Captain muffy and Doc , speak sotto again ; doc you have everything you need ? gwenovier I be set , thanks . camera move away , Frank be kneel down to a guy in the audience , interact , speak compassionately ; frank denise ? guy that 's right -- frank -- and she hurt you do not she ? I know , I know . I know how that can be brother , but let I tell you loud and clear what we will be teach denise when we put we calendar to work and set goal : Frank hop back up on the stage ; frank Little denise , I say this : I mark it up and I write it down and you have be warn : " by the end of May , you will know I be not gay . " " on the fourth of June , denise , you be gonna be lickin ' my spoon . " " and come August , you suck my Big fat sausage . " I have set goal for myself . and what ? I have say " enough be enough . " because why ? she 's not gonna be you pal . she 's not gonna be you friend . you think she 's gonna be there for you the second you need something ? think again - this fuckin ' bitch denise ! ( audience cheer ) but : listen up : that be not to say that we do not all need woman as friend , ' cause we be gonna learn later on in chapter 23 that have a couple of chick - friend lay around can come in real handy in set jealousy traps . but we will get to that . number one ( this be page 18 in you booklet , blue cover - go to it and follow along with I . ) the guy flip open they little blue booklet and follow along . frank create a crisis -- simple and clean , and if do properly can be quite effective in get some bush . here we go : set a date with you so -called " friend . " let 's say you make it 7:30 . you call she on the phone -- flash on : int . girl apartment - night camera dolly around a young girl ( 20 ) on the phone . girl that sound like fun , Frank . I love seafood . CUT to : int . franks apartment - night Frank on the phone . frank so I will see you about 7:30 ? great , then . bye-bye , Cindy . he hang up . CUT to : int . girl be house - another night camera ( hand held ) follow behind the girl as she walk from the kitchen to the front door , shaking she head , huffing and puffing .... frank ( vo ) you wait until about nine o'clock and you ring the doorbell . she open the door and see frank , cry and hysterical . frank ( vo ) she open it up , piss as hell , but find you sobbing you eye out -- Frank look up at she and say : frank ... I can not believe what happen ... Frank and the girl sit down on the couch together . frank ( vo ) you explain between sob that you hit a dog on the way over to pick she up and you have to rush it to the animal hospital but by the time you get there -- frank ... and it 's paw be stick out ... and it be too late . it be too late . she move in and hug he . girl ohhh , shhhh ... shhh ... Frank ... CUT to : int . holiday inn / banquet room - that moment Frank be crack himself up . he continue . frank I can not believe I be tell you guy this , but the truly terrifying part be that : this work . any girl that call herself you friend be not gonna let you be alone in a situation like that . technique # 2 : staging a fight . this be not knock down , drag out , cry scream , yell -- this be a simple , direct and subtle way of plant confusion into a girl 's mind . remember we be use reinforcement technique " G " with this woman . here 's how : CUT to : int . girl be house - night the girl pick up she phone and press some number ... frank ( vo ) one day , she call you up on the phone ... CUT to : int . franks house - night Frank pick up the phone . frank hello ? girl hey , Frank . it 's Cindy . I be wonder if you wanna grab a bite and see a movie ? frank ( vo ) you very directly say : frank " I do not think I have anything to say to you , Cindy . " Frank hang up the phone . CUT to : int . girl be house - that moment the girl get the dial tone . she look completely confuse and hurt . CUT to : int . holiday inn / banquet room - back to scene Frank speak to the group : frank let she wonder what she do wrong . camera doe a slow dolly in . Frank 's tone change a bit , get darker : frank this be the way ... because they will always wonder , " what do I do ? " " what could I have do different ? " " how should I behave to get this back ? " and if they think that way -- then they be ask for you to hurt they and that be what you must do . that be what you must do which be punish they many , many time over . CUT to : int . cedar sinai medical CENTER - hallway - day camera push in as linda walk towards we , down the same hallway we see Jimmy gator walk down earlier , she head into a office -- CUT to : int . doctor' office / recpetion area - moment later camera push in on Linda as she enter , whip over to a receptionist who look up ; receptionist Mrs. partridge -- linda I be here and I need to see he . CUT to : int . doctor' office - moment later Quick shot get they in the room : DR. landon ( 40s ) sit across from linda , who 's in semi-hysterics , pace ; linda -- he 's fuck die , he 's die as we be sit here and there be not a fuck thing -- jesus , how can you tell I to calm down ? dr . landon I can help you through this the best I know how but there be certain thing you be gonna have to be strong about and take care of , now we can go over they , but I need to know that you be listen to I , ok ? linda I just , I just -- I just -- I be just in a fuck state , I know he 's go and it 's like I do not know how -- just tell I practical thing -- what the fuck do I do with he body ? what happen when he die ? that next moment : what ? what do I do ? then what ? dr . landon well that 's what hospice will take care of for you . they will send a nurse , someone who can take care of all of that for you -- linda he have phil right now . dr . landon phil 's one of the nurse from the service ? linda yeah . dr . landon if you be happy with phil take care of he and help you , that 's fine , but contact hospice to arrange for the body -- linda -- you do not understand : it 's more pain than before and the fuck morphine pill be not work , he 's -- past two day it 's like he can not really swallow they and I do not know if they be go down -- I can not see inside he mouth anymore -- I be up all night stare at he and I do not think the pill be go down and he moan and he hurt -- dr . landon we can fix that , because I can give you -- be you listen ? linda I be listen . I be get better . dr . landon do you wanna sit down ? linda I need to sit down . dr . landon ok. Linda : Earl be not gonna make it . he 's die . he be . he be die very , very rapidly -- she break a bit more . dr . landon now the thing here be make that experience as painless and easy as possible for he , you understand ? now you need to get in touch with hospice care because they can take care of all that practical thing that you be ask I about -- they be who you call when he die . he write a number on he bussiness card , hand it over as they speak ; dr . landon this be the number for hospice . ok. now . as far as the morphine pill go , there be something else to consider that can take the pain away that he be in , there be a very strong and very potent solution of liquid morphine .... it 's a little bottle , with a eye dropper and it 's easy to get in he mouth and drop on he tounge and it will certainly diminish the pain that he be in but you have to realize that once you give it to he ; there really be no come back , I mean , it will certainly cure he pain , but he will float in and out of consciousness , even worse than he be now , Linda . I mean , any sign of the recognizable Earl will pretty much go away -- linda -- how the fuck can I say anything to that -- I do not know what to say to that -- dr . landon the job here be to make he as comfortable as possible -- right now -- we job be to just try and make it as painless as possible . right ? you understand ? camera push into a extreme close up on Dr. landon 's hand write the perscription for the liquid morphine .... hand it to Linda .... CUT to : int . jimmy jaguar - parked - day camera hold a cu on Jimmy sit behind the wheel . he hesitates a moment , exit the car . CUT to : ext . claudia' apartment / stairwell - moment later camera hold look down a staircase . Jimmy enter frame , walk up to the second floor , stand a moment , then knock . CUT to : int . claudia' bedroom - that moment camera dolly in on the bed . Claudia 's asleep . the middle aged guy be lie next to she in he underwear . he hear the door , wake . CUT to : ext . / int . claudia' apartment - that moment Jimmy knock again .... after a beat ... the door be open by the middle aged guy . he stand in he underwear . middle aged guy hello ? jimmy hello . be Claudia here ? middle aged guy she 's asleep . beat . jimmy be you she boyfriend ? middle aged guy you be Jimmy gator , right ? jimmy yes . what 's you name ? middle aged guy I be bob. jimmy you be she boyfriend ? middle aged guy no , I be just a friend . what be you do here , I mean ... you know Claudia ? jimmy I be she father . the Middle age guy look a bit confuse . jimmy can I come in ? middle aged guy yeah . she 's sleep now , I mean -- Jimmy step inside , look around the place , see the coke and some pot and pill sit out on the coffee table . middle aged guy want I to wake she up ? jimmy I 'ii go .... be it ... back here ? the Middle age guy point Jimmy to the back bedroom . int . claudia' bedroom - that moment Claudia be asleep . Jimmy enter , stand near the edge of the bed . after a moment , Claudia 's eye open , look over and see Jimmy . claudia ... what the fuck be this ...? jimmy it 's I . Claudia . it 's I . she sit up a bit , cover herself , look past he and see the Middle age guy , sit in he underwear in the live room , watch they . she look back to Jimmy ; claudia what do you want ? why be you here ? jimmy I would like to talk to you . you boyfriend let I in , I just knock on the door -- claudia he 's not my boyfriend . Jimmy hesitates a beat , then : claudia wanna call I a slut now , something ? jimmy no. no. she start to move towards tear , nervousness ; claudia what the fuck do you want ? jimmy I want to sit . I want to talk to you . claudia do not sit down . jimmy ... I want to .... I want so many thing , Claudia . maybe we can just talk to straighten we thing out .... there be so many thing that I want to tell you -- claudia I do not wanna talk to you . jimmy please . it do not have to be now . maybe we can make a date to sit down , I do not mean to walk in on you like this -- claudia why be you here , why be you do this ? come in here -- you wanna call I a whore ? jimmy I do not want you to think that I be that way to you -- I be not gonna call you a slut or something -- claudia yeah , yeah right -- what the fuck be do ? what the fuck be you do in my house ? jimmy do not yell , honey . please do not go crazy -- claudia I 'm not crazy . do not you tell I I be crazy . jimmy I be not say that , I be sorry -- claudia I 'm not crazy . you be the one . you be the one who 's wrong . you be the one -- jimmy I have something , so much -- I be sick , Claudia . I be sick . claudia get out of here , get the fuck out of my house -- jimmy now stop it and listen to I right now . I am dying , I got sick ... now I fall down and I be not ... don 't -- claudia get the fuck out . jimmy I be die , Claudia . I have cancer . I have cancer and I be die , soon . it 's metastasize in my bone and I -- claudia fuck you . fuck you , you get out . jimmy I be not lie to you , I be not -- claudia fuck you . you get the fuck out of here . jimmy baby , please , please -- claudia I 'm not you baby , I 'm not you girl . I be not you fuckin ' baby -- she move up in the bed , expose a bit of she breast , try to cover herself -- jimmy please put you clothes on , please -- claudia you burn in bell . you burn in hell and you deserve it -- you get the fuck out . jimmy honey . claudia get out . beat . he stand a moment . jimmy you mother want to hear from you -- claudia get the fuck out of here . he walk out of the bedroom , past the middle aged guy , who 's sit on the couch . jimmy I be sorry . middle aged guy it 's alright . Jimmy exit . Claudia be shaking and cry and hold herself in the cover of the bed . the Middle age guy snort a line of coke , look into she ; claudia can you get you shit and leave , please ? CUT to : int . solomon and solomon electronics - day camera push in as donnie Smith run in the door , brushes he hair back , etc . this be a " good guy " type electronics place . he rush towards the back . angle , door to back room . camera push in real quick and tilt down as donnie reach to he belt and he key holder ( one of that attach to string on the belt ) he insert the key . CUT to : int . back hallway - solomon and solomon - that moment donnie enter , walk swiftly down the hall to another door . just before he reach it , avi solomon ( 30 ) appear at the end of the hall . avi don. donnie stop short , look . avi give he the " follow I " finger . don hey , avi . I will be right there . avi go back in the room he come from . donnie do the key and code thing now on this door . CUT to : int . dressing room / employee lounge - moment later donnie be change into he Solomon and Solomon electronics vest and name tag . he brushes himself up , sweat a bit . ( note : on he back ) donnie this be go to be ok . this be . this be . CUT to : int . solomon' office - moment later donnie sit across the desk from solomon solomon ( 40s ) owner of the store . avi , he brother , stand nearby . donnie ... please ... solomon do not donnie . do not do it . donnie swell up a bit , about to cry . donnie this be so fuck , Solomon . I do not deserve this . solomon do not get strong , donnie . this be make sense , this make a lot of sense . you be not do the job , the job I ask you to do , a job I give you . over and over and over and I be sorry . but I be not gonna say I be sorry that much more . donnie Solomon : I be in the middle of so much . so much in my life and this be -- if you do this , if you fire I : I be fucked . I can not really explain much , but please , please , I have work here for four year , four year I have give you and I be , I be , I mean what ? I be sorry I be late . I have a car accident . I accidentaly drive into a seven-eleven . it be not my fault . avi who 's fault be it , Don ? solomon avi , please , shut the fuck up for one second . Don , how much further do you want I to go in show you , show you what I have do for you in four year and what you have do back ? do you want I to do it ? I can . the loan I have give , how much you sale be , how late you be , over and over , loose the key to the covina store -- donnie I do not have any money , Solomon . if you fire I -- solomon -- I give you money , I give you a paycheck . you sale suck , Don . I give , I give . when I find you , when I meet you , what ? I put you on the billboard , I put you in the store , my salesman , my fuck representation of Solomon and Solomon Electronic , quiz kid donnie Smith from the game show -- donnie I leat my name , my celebrity . exactly -- solomon fuck you . I pay you , I pay you . I give you a fuck chance and a chance and over and over , over you let I down . I trust you with so much . the key to my store , the code to my lock , the life , the blood of my bussiness and return be smash in seven -eleven , late , always late , loan -- I loan you money for you kitchen that you never do -- donnie I pay you back . solomon two year ! two year later and out of you paycheck , I never charge interest -- donnie Solomon , please . please . I be so fuck here if you do this . this be the worst timing . the worst timing I could ever imagine . I need to keep work . I have so many debt , so many thing , I have , I have , I have -- I have surgery -- I have my oral surgery come -- avi what surery ? donnie oral surgery . corrective tooth surgery . solomon what be that ? donnie brace . solomon brace ? donnie yes . solomon you do not need brace . donnie yes I do . solomon you tooth be fine . avi you tooth be straight . donnie I need corrective oral surgery . I need the brace . avi Don , you get hit by lightning that time in tahoe , you go on vacation , I do not think brace be a good idea -- donnie I can not believe you be gonna do this to I , the situation I be in , I do not -- avi : you know what ? be hit by lighting do not matter for get brace , ok ? now Solomon , let I just ask you once : please . please . do not do this . avi how be you pay tor the brace , donnie ? donnie I do not know . solomon and how much be brace ? donnie it 's ... do not matter .... avi it 's like five thousand dollar , I have see it , I know -- solomon you be pissing I off , Don . this be so unbelievable -- so fuck stupid , you be gonna spend five thousand dollar on brace you do not need -- donnie I have be a good worker -- solomon do not do this , Don . avi no need for brace , donnie . solomon where be you get the money for this ? donnie I do not know . solomon you be gonna ask I be not you ? donnie I have be a good worker , Solomon . a hard and loyal -- avi no need for brace , donnie . donnie that's none of you bussiness . I have be a good worker , a good and loyal worker for you , you fucking asshole . avi hey fuck you don watch it now . solomon give I you key , Don . donnie please don't do this ! solomon gimme you fuckin ' keys . beat . donnie try to calm himself , hold back tear , stand up . he struggle with he key chain and finally after a bunch of moment , hand over six or seven key . cu . insert , keys . place on the desk . CUT to : int . apartment complex / NORTH hollywood - that moment camera hang inside bedroom with detective and investigator and County coroner folk as we go through in a series of quick shot . ( director 's note : very technical here . snapshot , ecu 's on body , procedure , etc . ) * see County coroner videotape . in the live room camera push in past detective and officer who be exchange information ... camera move towards Jim kurring , stand off a bit now , usless to the investigation as far as everyone else be concerned , but listen carefully to what they say : officer identify as porter parker , age 59 . better know as the dead guy in the closet . so say the building guy , this be she husband -- detective # 2 -- he 's do not live here , but he come around , raise shit , scream , yell , something or other -- officer there 's a son , apparently . and a kid . detective # 1 her son ? officer her son , that 's right ... and the kid . and they be here and around and from late last night and through the morning , it 's scream and yell -- detective # 1 and where be they ? detective -- they be not to be find . coroner woman -- she 's get six hundred dollar and a large box of condom next to the bed -- officer # 1 and three wedding ring . detective # 1 ok . coroner woman -- guy come in , out and around all day , this be the building guy talk -- officer the building guy say the Son and the closet guy be always goin ' at it -- coroner woman that 's right . detective # 1 and what be she say ? officer not a god damn thing . camera land cu on Jim kurring . angle , courtyard area - that moment another set of detective / officer / investigator be stand over marcie , who sit handcuff . she have she best , " I be not say anything " face on . again , they be oc througout ; officer # 2 why do you kill he , marcie ? detective # 3 do you kill he ? officer # 2 do he hurt you , do he do something ? detective # 4 how long 's he be in there ? detective # 3 you be hurt yourself , marcie . officer # 3 you have the dead body of you husband in the closet of you apartment , marcie . officer # 2 that be not good . detective # 3 you hit he with the ashtray , you strangle he -- detective # 4 -- tell we he fall and hit he head , but tell we something , marcie . officer # 2 why do you kill he ? the Main detective from previous step into frame , say : detective # 1 -- marcie : where 's you son ? marcie ? marcie ? marcie tell we where you Son be now . marcie tell we where you son be . camera arrive cu on marcie . marcie I wanna talk to my motherfuckin ' lawyer . angle , STREET outside apartment complex - later the investigation be wrapping up now and camera ( steadicam ) move with Jim kurring as he head towards he squad car , talk into he walkie talkie . ( dir. note : technical info be : disturbance at adress / Jim take call / etc . ) walkie voice ...4277 tujunga ... jim kurring 10 - 4 . out of the group of neighborhood lookie- lo 's come a little black kid who start walk alongside Jim kurring as they head away from the scene -- this be dixon , age 10 . he 's very small for he age and he carry one of that box fill with candy bar he 's try to sell . they walk / talk ; dixon how much you pay I for my help ? jim kurring I think it 's more complicated than that little man . dixon put I on the payroll , find out , find out wassup -- jim kurring you do not just sign up to be a police officer -- it 's about three year of training -- ok ? dixon I be train , I be ready to go , you wanna buy some candy to help underprivelaged youth in the -- jim kurring sorry , little man . dixon you wanna take my statement , I will perform for you , gotta get pay though , gotta get pay . jim kurring why the hell be not you in school ? dixon no school today . my teacher get sick . jim kurring they do not have substitute teacher where you go to school ? dixon nope . so what would they find out in there ? jim kurring that 's confidential information , little man . dixon tell I what you know , I will tell you what I know -- jim kurring no can do. dixon leave this one to the detective , they be not gonna solve shit , I can help you , make you the man with a plan , give you the gift that I flow -- think fast -- you wanna know who kill that guy ? Jim kurring stop at he squad car , turn to dixon ; jim kurring ok. listen . you : c'mere . dixon no . jim kurring you wanna disrespect a officer of the law ? dixon I can help you solve the case , I can tell you who do it . jim kurring be you a joker ? huh ? tellin ' joke ? dixon I be a rapper . jim kurring oh , you be a rapper , huh ? you get a record contract ? dixon not yet -- " give you the clue for the bust if you show I some trust -- " jim kurring have you ever be to juvenille Hall ? dixon I be not fuckin with you -- jim kurring hey . watch the mouth . watch it . dixon c'mon , man , just watch I , watch and listen -- jim kurring go. hurry up . let 's go . dixon place he box of candy down and start dance around . Jim kurring stand beside he squad car . dixon presence - with a double ass meaning gift I bestow , with my riff , and my flow but you do not hear I though think fast , catch I , yo cause I throw what I know with a resonance - of 'yo ' trouble - ass fiend in weenin yo-self off the back of the shelf jackass crackas , bodystacka dicktootin niggas , masturbatin ' yo trigga butcha y'all just fake - ass niggas -- jim kurring -- watch the mouth , homeboy , I do not need to hear that word -- dixon -- livin ' to get older with a chip on you shoulder ' cept you think you get a grip , cauze you hip gotta holster ? ai not no confessor , so busta , you best just shut the fuck up , try to listen and learn -- jim kurring alright , alright , cut it , coolio . that 's enough with the mouth and the language . dixon I be almost do . jim kurring finish it up without the lip . dixon check that ego - come off it - I be the profit - the proffesor ima teach you ' bout the Worm , who eventually turn to catch wreck with the neck of a long time oppressor and he 's runnin from the devil , but the debt be always gain and if he 's worth be hurt , he 's worth bringin ' pain in - when the sunshine do not work , the good Lord bring the rain in . hold on kurring . dixon now that shit will help you solve the case . jim kurring whatever that mean , I be sure it 's real helpful Ice -t . kurring get behind the wheel , dixon hustle over ; dixon do you listen to I ? jim kurring I be listen -- dixon -- I tell you who do it and you be not listen to I . jim kurring -- and I be through playin ' game . kurring close he door and drive off ... ( director 's note : reference note for SOUND design here , carry over cut ... ) CUT to : music que start , build over the follow cut and through sequence ; int . school library - day sequence C camera push in slow on stanley as he sit at a desk ... pile of book spread out in front of he .... overhead angle , looking straight down onto : all the book he have in front of he , we catch glimpsis of thing : " how thing work " " Forensic Studies " " the Guinness Book of World record " " the Natural History of nonsense " " weather " " learned Pigs ... " insert , cu . image of the book about weather . camera scan , dissolves and move around various image of ancient barometer , hygrometers from the 1700' . we see 16th century french comic strip regard weather as cartoon character . aristotle point to the sky . scan past the word , " ... we quest to understand and predict the weather reach back to the Stone Age ... " cu - stanley 's face as he read . slow zoom in . cu - School Bell ring . cu - he grab he book . CUT to : ext . school - pick up area - moment later camera ( steadicam ) follow behind stanley as he head , with all he backpack , towards Rick , who 's wait in the car -- rick c'mon , man . stanley you be late , not I . rick you coulda be in front -- stanley -- I do not see you from the window . Rick help he get the bag in the car . camera stay real tight follow stanley' face .... he sit in the car .... oc we hear Rick get in the driver 's seat and start the enqine ... little droplet of rain start to fall on the windshield .... rick ( oc ) you ready to keep win ? stanley sure . stanley be drive away , out of frame . CUT to : ext . sky - day camera look straight up . it start pouring rain real hard right into camera .... slow zoom in .... hold until it 's just a wash of water . title Card read : temperature / percipitation read / wind direction / weather info / humidity / etc quick dissolve to : ext . / int . television studio - secuirty entrance - moment later camera ( steadicam ) follow behind stanley and Rick as they run in from the rain , through some slide glass door , past a security gaurd who buzze they into another set of door -- they enter a hallway with a bunch of production office , walk swiftly , shaking they wet clothes .... the contestant coordinator come walk towards they : cynthia ( 30 ) cynthia there you be , there you be . rick sorry we be late , Cynthia . cynthia nothin ' to it , no problem . how you doin' stanley ? stanley I be fine . yes . I be fine . cynthia ready to go , go , go ? stanley where 's Richard and Julia ? cynthia they be here , they be fine . in the dress room . ( to Rick ) see you later -- Rick give stanley a pat on the head ; rick go to it , handsome . stanley see you . camera hold with Rick , do a 180 around he , he turn he back to we now , walk a bit , enter a door , into -- the parent GREEN room Rick greet the other two kid parent : richard's mom ( overhweiqht , 5as ) and richard dad ( same ) julia' dad and julia' mom ( 5as ) rick who 's ready to beat the record ? richard be mom Jesus you scared we ! julia' dad that be close . rick it 's fuckin cat and dog out there -- julia' dad cat and dog , indeed . camera pick up with a young production kid who drop some coffee off for julia' mom ... follow he back out into the hallway -- camera branch off from he -- move down another corridor and pick back up with stanley and cynthia as they walk and talk ; stanley where 's the news department at this studio ? cynthia it 's upstairs . stanley have you ever be there ? cynthia sure , why ? stanley I be wonder about the weather department . I be wonderin ' whether or not the weather people use outside meteorlogical service or if they have in - house instrument ? cynthia I can check on that for you , maybe we can take a tour -- stanley ok . they pass camera which pick up now with a woman mary ( 40s ) this be Jimmy gator 's assistant ... she walk to he dress room door and knock -- jimmy ( oc ) come in . Mary enter the room . Jimmy be get dress in he outfit for the show * and start to take shot of Jack Daniel 's . mary Rose be on the phone and here 's the card for today -- jimmy Fifteen minute ago , where be that card ? mary I be sorry . jimmy I need you to get I Paula -- mary you want she right now ? jimmy yes. now . find she . she 's somewhere in the building -- mary we be on the air in twenty minute , Jimmy . jimmy find she , get she and tell she I want to talk to she , Mary . Fucking hell . he pick up the phone . jimmy hello ? intercut : int . jimmy house - that moment camera push in on rose ( Jimmy 's wife ) as she sit in the kitchen on the phone to he . a maid do some work in the b.g. rose how you do ? jimmy I be drink . rose slowly or quickly ? jimmy as fast as I can . rose come home soon after the show . jimmy I go to see she -- some fuckin ' asshole answer the door in he underwear , he 's fifty year old , there 's coke and shit laid out on the table -- rose -- do she talk to you ? jimmy she go crazy . she go crazy , Rose . rose do you tell she ? jimmy I do not know . I have to go , I do not have time and I have more drink to do before I go march -- rose I love you . jimmy Love you too .. rose bye . hold with Rose . CUT to : ext . claudia' apartment - that moment camera hold a moment on the building . jim kurring pull he squad car into frame , look at the building . CUT to : int . claudia' apartment - that moment camera dolly in quick on Claudia as she snort a line of coke . she have some music blasting . CUT to : ext . claudia' apartment - that moment camera ( steadicam ) follow behind Jim kurring as he head up the pathway , up the stair and land at she door . he knock . CUT to : int . claudia' apartment - that moment Claudia jump -- turn she head to the door . she sniff a bit , yell over the blast music ; claudia ... hello ...? jim kurring ( oc ) lapd . open the door . she look through she peep-hole , see Jim kurring . she turn look at she coffee table : it 's full of coke , pill and pot , etc . claudia uh ...uh ... what be it ? jim kurring it 's the lapd , can you open the door , please ? Claudia rush over to the table of drug and start to scoop thing up in she arm -- claudia just a minute just a ... I have to get dress -- ( fuck , fuck , fuck ) CUT to : ext . medical build / sherman oak - that moment camera push in on linda' mercede as it pull into a parking structure . the rain be pour down . she step out of the car -- CUT to : int . medical build - moment later camera pull back as Linda exit some elevator , head down a hall -- CUT to : int . office / waiting room - moment later she enter a psychologist 's wait room . Three or four chair and a light switch that have a doctor name next to it . ecu - she flip the switch and a red light go on . jump CUT to : int . psychologist's office - moment later a small , comfortable office space . Linda be cry , talk , pace . the psychologist be a middle age woman , dr . diane . as they talk , Dr. Diane write a perscription ; linda I hate do this , come here and not be able to talk -- dr . diane I understand , it 's fine -- I wish the circumstance be better . linda I do not know what 's gonna happen , I really do not -- I be so fuck , I feel so over the top with everything . dr . diane mmm .. hmm . running out of you medication at all , let alone at a time like this could be drastic , I be glad you come in to see I , as short as this have be -- she hand over the perscription ( x2 ) and be about to say another word -- but Linda snatch the two small piece of paper from she hand and head for the door -- linda thank you Doctor Diane -- shrink good luck with everything . ecu - door slam . CUT to : int . earl be house - den - that moment camera hold on phil . slow zoom in as he stand in front of the television , flipping station . angle , the television . it 's play all sort of various thing . phil stop a few beat on each thing that look vaguely like a infomercial . he put the remote down , exit the room . camera stay a moment , catch a glimpse of a promo for , " what do kid know ? " it 's various image of stanley and the other kid answer question , with a calendar show they have be at it for over seven week and total winning move towards $ 450,000.00 promo announcer can they do it ? tune in live at three o'clock and see if stanley spector and he brilliant friend Richard and Julia can defeat today adult challenger mim , Luis and Todd -- they be move towards a half a million dollar team total and a " what do kid know ? " record -- CUT to : int . earl' house / kitchen - moment later phil enter and pick up the phone . dial a number . ( director 's note ) intercut : int . pink dot - that moment a young mexican girl ( 20' ) take order for delivery at pink dot , sit in front of a little computer . pink dot girl pink dot. phil hi. I would like to get a order for delivery . pink dot girl phone number . phil 818-753-0088 . pink dot girl partridge ? phil yeah . pink dot girl what would you like ? phil I would like to get a order of ...um ... peanut butter . pink dot girl mmm.hmmm . phil cigarettes . camel light . pink dot girl mmm.hmm . phil Water . pink dot girl bottle Water ? phil um , no , y'know what ? forget the water , just give I a loaf of bread ... white bread . pink dot girl ok . phil and um .... do you have swank magazine ? pink dot girl yeah . phil ok . one of that . do you have Ram Rod ? the magazine , Ram Rod ? pink dot girl yeah . phil ok . one of that . and ...um ... barely legal ? pink dot girl yeah . phil do you have that ? pink dot girl yeah , I say . be that it ? phil that 's it . pink dot girl do you still want the peanut butter , bread and cigarettes ? phil yes . what ? yes . pink dot girl total be $ 15.29 . thirty minute or less . phil thank you . phil hang up , look to Earl . cu - earl . he 's asleep , uncomfortably . camera move inside he chest . quick dissolve to : int . earl be body - that moment camera roam around a bit , watch the cancer eat away at Earl 's lung . camera move backward , pull out ; quick dissolve to : int . holiday inn / banquet room - that moment camera pull back from Frank , who head offstage . the audience be applaud he . the sidekick , doc take the mic and make a announcement about the one hour break / snack serve in lobby / etc . Frank hop offstage , greet Captain muffy and gwenovier ; captain muffy Chief , this be gwenovier from the show , " profile , " for the interview -- frank hello , hello , I be a bit out of breath from all this work -- gwenovier that 's fine . it 's nice to meet you . frank be we gonna tape some stuff now ? gwenovier if you be up to it , I have get we set up in a suite upstairs -- frank you get we a room so quick ? Frank and Captain muffy laugh at the joke . frank I be kid of course . CUT to : int . HOTEL suite - moment later Frank be get he mic put on , gwenovier have a small video crew with she . they both get touch up for the interview , Frank 's talk away ; frank I swear to fuck - god , I do one - a- my seminar , I be superaman ! I be batman ! I be like a fuck action hero the way I feel afterwards , like I could walk out this door , down the street , pick up any fuckin ' pootie I see that have even one second to stop -- gwenovier give a little snap and finger gesture to she cameraman to start roll ; gwenovier all it take be one second ? frank just one look , one hesitation , one subtle gesture for I to know -- and Bing - bam - boom I be away on a tangent -- I get so fuckin ' amp at this seminar and lemme tell you why : because I be what I believe . I be what I teach , I do as I say , I live by this rule as religiously as I preach they : and you wanna know what ? I be gettin ' pussy leave , right , up , down , center and sideways . gwenovier I be gonna start roll -- frank -- go , go , go . I be givin ' pearl here . and I 'ii tell you samethin ' else : I be not succede in the bush because I be Frank tj Mackey . if anything , there be woman out there that want to destroy I -- it make it twice as hard for I , I run into some little muffin , know who I be , know my scheme and plan -- shit , she 's gonna wanna fuck around , prove to she friend , say , " yaddda - yadda - yadda , I see that guy , he be not anything , do not get I . " so I ? I be runnin ' on full throttle the whole fuckin ' time . dodging bullet leave and right from terrorist blonde beauty . but I 'ii tell you this : the battle of the bush be be fight and win by team Mackey . can I have a cigarette ? gwenovier ok . so , lemme just ask you a couple question to start -- Captain muffy hand Frank a cigarette , light it for he . video camera' Pov - it 's zoom in to close up of Frank . he exhales ; frank what do you want to know ? CUT to : ext . smiling peanut bar - that moment camera boom down and push in on donnie Smith 's Honda Accord , with damage front end , as it pull into a parking space . it 's pouring rain . ( dir.note ) camera land in close . donnie sit a moment . he play he tape , " dream , " sing along a bit , pep talk himself , do some deep breathe , say ; donnie make it happen , make it happen and go , go , go . he get out of the car real quick -- CUT to : int . smiling peanut bar - that moment camera ( steadicam ) push in as donnie enter this dark little bar . it 's not too crowded . he take off he wet coat , brushes he hair back a bit and walk to a empty corner table -- donnie take he seat and look over to the bar -- camera swing a 180 , head away from he -- it move to the bar area and into : a young , handsome bartender brad ( 20 ) be pour drink . camera pick up with a cocktail waitress ( 30 ) who walk over and bring we back to donnie 's booth -- cocktail waitress hello . you be back again , huh ? donnie yeah , yes , hi , hello . cocktail waitress -- can I get you ? donnie diet Coke . she exit . donnie light a cigarette -- camera blend from 24fp to 4ufp -- he look across the room -- camera swing 180 back towards the bar and push in towards -- bartender Brad take the order from the cocktail waitress . he nod , turn from she and smile to reveal a full set of brace . angle , donnie . camera push in slow and he smile , touch he hand to he mouth . donnie' Pov - the bartender pour the coke , turn he attention towards a old - freaky look thurston howell / Truman Capote / dorothy parker type guy ( 60 ) at the end of the bar , who raise he glass , motion as if to say , " another one of this , please , " while wave some money and smile / flirt with Brad the bartender . donnie 's face drop . camera dolly back a little bit and blend from 40 fps to 24fp . the cocktail waitress arrive back ; cocktail waitress diet Coke . donnie I want a shot of tequila too . cocktail waitress -- what kind ? donnie it do not matter . donnie glare across the bar at brad and thurston as they flirt . CUT to : int . television studio / hallway - that moment camera lead / follow the kid from the show ; stanley , richard ( overweight , 12 ) and julia ( child -star - type 11 ) . they be lead by cynthia , down the corridor towards the main set -- julia do you still have to do homework ? richard not as much as I use to . ever since we start , I have not really go in to school that much because I have be get more and more audition -- stanley I do not have regular class anymore . richard what do you do ? stanley they just let I have my own study - time , my own read time in the library . richard that 's pretty cool . julia do you have a agent , stanley ? stanley no . julia you should get one , I be serious , you could get a lot of stuff out of this -- stanley like what ? richard what do you mean , " like what ? " -- you could get endorsment and shit -- cynthia -- Richard . richard bite it , Cynthia . you could get free thing from people that want you to endorse they product . julia commercial , a sitcom , a mow or something . stanley what 's mow ? julia Movie of the week . I go up for one this morning with Alan thicke and Corey Haim -- richard be it a call back ? julia no . but I probably will get a call back . richard if we beat the record , you might get a call back -- julia I will get it because I be a good actress , Richard . richard saucy-saucy . cynthia c'mon guy , settle down -- stanley Cynthia ? cynthia what ? stanley how much time do we have ? cynthia not enough , what do you want ? stanley I should maybe go to the bathroom . cynthia can you hold it ? stanley I do not know . cynthia just hold it , you will be fine . they arrive and enter onto the stage -- camera swing around , branch away from they and boom up to reveal the set ; there be a live studio audience that 's be settle into they seat . it 's a three - camera set up with a floor director roam around , shouting order , etc . there 's a spot for the announcer , a old - pro name dick jenning ( 60 ) Dick be in the middle of do bad - comedy warm up for the studio audience . he 's have a few drink , etc . the stage itself be a cross between jeapordy / newleywed game / price be right . there 's a podium for Jimmy gator . one panel hold " the kid , " and one panel hold , " the adult . " there be chaser - light all around and some of the design feel leave over from the early day of the show . camera hang out with the kide as they be ushere into they panel , which at this moment face away from the audience and be behind a curtain . Julia turn she head , see something : julia here they come -- the adult challenger be bring out by a assistant type and load into they panel . the adult challenger be : Black woman name mim macneal ( 40s ) White guy with glass todd geronimo ( 20 ) Puerto rican guy name luis guzman ( 40s ) the adult give a couple small glare over to the kid . richard ( sotto ) yeah , yeah , yeah , keep lookin ' tough - old folk . stanley they look pretty smart , I think . julia no they do not -- richard what be they gonna do -- beat we ? stanley maybe . julia we be not go out two day before we set the record , it 's not gonna happen . richard when they want we do , they will call in the Harvard s.w.a. T team or some shit . camera land in cu on stanley . hold . beat . then : CUT to : int . jimmy office - that moment Jimmy and a woman name paula ( 3 os ) sit in he office . slow dolly in on each through scene ; jimmy you look great . beat . paula what the fuck be this , Jimmy ? jimmy ... you know ... paula do you wife find out ? jimmy no . paula then what ? jimmy it 's just ... too late for I to be fuckin ' around . I gotta stop . I gotta clean my brain of all the shit I have do that I should not have do -- paula -- that you should not have do ? that you regret , what ? this ? what 's this ? fuck , man , c'mon . treat I like a asshole , but treat I like a asshole . jimmy I do not wanna have to lie to anyone . I do not want to hurt anyone else , anymore . she do not respond . beat . then : jimmy thirty fuckin ' year I have be with Rose , do not -- y'know -- with this , and I know what you think -- paula all you other fluzzy ? jimmy yeah . yes . paula you be make I feel so dirty and shitty . I feel like a big piece of shit right now . beat . paula be you gonna tell she what you have do ? jimmy yes . paula will you say my name ? jimmy if she ask I any question I want to tell she . I want to tell she everything I have do . paula well can you do I one favor and do not do that . Jimmy do not answer . paula come and tell I it 's over and I will walk away , Jimmy . I have fuck you behind you wife 's back for three year , and you have fuck teenage girl behind mine for the same amount of time -- I will walk away , you need something for you life , for you conscience , but do not put I in the middle -- jimmy I will not . paula what happend to you ? jimmy I get in trouble at school . she stand and walk over to he , move to give he a hug . paula be you ok ? jimmy fuck no . there 's a knock at the door and then it 's open by burt ramsey ( 60 ) he 's the producer of the show ; ( whip to he ) burt ready to run . Paula . paula burt . Jimmy take a quick shot , move to Paula , give she a tap on the cheek and say ; jimmy ( to Paula ) you be a good one arentcha ? CUT to : int . television studio / hallway - moment later burt and Jimmy walk and talk ( steadicam ) ; burt you smell like trouble -- jimmy I be fuckin ' hammer , burt . burt you ok ? jimmy ooohhhhhh no . burt ( be : card ) good . you look this over ? jimmy it 's be the same fuckin ' thing for thirty year , burt -- burt this adult be tough enough , I think you will be surprised -- the mexican 's a bit of a question mark -- Jimmy fall straight to the floor . burt fuck - fuck - fuck - Jimmy - CUT to : int . claudia' apartment - that moment . ** Claudia finish throw she drug into a dirty t-shirt and throw that dirty t-shirt into she laundry basket . Jim kurring bang away at the door . jim kurring ( oc ) OPEN the door . claudia I be come ! she run towards the door , take a small fall on the way , recover , open up ; clauida yeah . hi. hello . reverse , close up - jim kurring - 40 fps . camera push in on he a little bit at he first sight of Claudia . jim kurring ... yeah ... claudia I be sorry , I have to get dress . wider angle reveal Jim kurring , in a bit of a daze , stand with he billy club remove and at the ready . he stand back ... they have shout above the music ; jim kurring -- you the resident here ? clauida yes . jim kurring you alone in there ? claudia yes . jim kurring no one else in there with you ? clauida no , what 's wrong ? jim kurring you mind if I come in , check thing ? claudia for what ? jim kurring ok . for one thing , we be gonna need to turn that music down so we can talk , ok ? claudia I be sorry . she turn and Jim kurring move to replace he billy club , but miss the holster and it fall straight to the floor , slide down the step . Claudia turn the music down , turn back and see that he be go . Jim kurring grab he billy club from the bottom of the step and bounce back up and into the apartment as if nothing happend ; jim kurring you live alone ? clauida yes . jim kurring what 's you name ? clauida Claudia . jim kurring Claudia what ? claudia Wilson . jim kurring ok. Claudia Wilson : you tryin ' to go deaf ? claudia what ? jim kurring do you hear what I say ? claudia yeah , but I do not know -- jim kurring -- listenin ' to that music so loud : you tryin ' to damage you ear ? claudia no . jim kurring well if you keep listenin ' to the music that loud you be not only gonna damage you ear but you neighbor ear . claudia I do not realize it be that loud . jim kurring and that could be the sign of a damage ear drum , you understand ? claudia yeah . jim kurring you get the tv on too , keep that on at that same time usually ? caludia I do not know -- I mean . what be this ? jim kurring have you be drinkin ' today , doin ' some drug ? claudia no . jim kurring I get a call of a disturbance , scream and yell , loud music . have there be some scream and yell ? claudia yes . I have someone come to my door , someone I do not want here and I tell they to leave -- so -- it 's no big deal . they leave . I be sorry . jim kurring be it a boyfriend of yours ? claudia no . jim kurring you do not have a boyfriend ? claudia no . jim kurring who be it ? claudia I be ...he 's go ... I mean it 's not . it 's over , y'know -- Jim kurring snoops a bit , she rub she nose , nervous . Jim kurring head closer to bedroom -- jim kurring you mind if I check thing back here ? claudia it 's fine . Jim kurring head into the bedroom , look around , stand by the laundry basket -- claudia what be you lookin ' for ? jim kurring Claudia : why do not you let I handle the question and you handle the answer , ok ? claudia ok . jim kurring you just move in here ? claudia about two year ago . jim kurring bit messy . claudia yeah . jim kurring I be a bit of a slob myself . claudia yeah . jim kurring you and you boyfriend have a party last night ? claudia I do not have a boyfriend . beat . Jim kurring look at Claudia and she look back . hold . CUT to : int . smiling peanut bar - that moment . donnie sit in he booth after two tequila 's . he 's slightly fuck up . he get up , stumble over to the bar and take a seat uncomfortably close to thurston , who 's now hold court among three or four other patron . Brad the bartender be wash glass , keep half a eye on thing ... donnie to thurston ; donnie you look like you have get money in you pocket . thurston maybe I be just happy to see my friend , Brad there . the patron laugh a bit , Brad nod , donnie do not laugh or look anywhere but thurston ; donnie just throw some money around . money , money , money . thurston this sound threaten . donnie do you have love in you heart ? thurston I have love all over . I even have love for you , friend . donnie be it real love ? thurston well -- donnie -- the kind of love that make you feel that intagible joy . pit of you stomach . like a bucket of acid and nerve run around and make you hurt and happy and all over you be head over heel ....? thurston well you lose I with the last couple of cocktail word speak , m'boy , but I believe it 's that sort of love . sound nice to I . donnie I have love . thurston a very chatty - kind , you do , indeed , it seem . donnie no . I mean , I be tell you : I be tell you that I have love . thurston and I be listen avidly , fellow . donnie my name be donnie Smith and I have lot 's of love to give . beat . CUT to : ext . sherman oak pharmacy - that moment camera hold wide angle on a pharmacy . it 's still pouring rain . linda' mercede come drive real fast into frame and slam it 's brake on , park . CUT to : int . sherman oak pharmacy - that moment . camera push in on Linda as she enter , head to the back for the perscription counter and a young pharmacy kid behind the counter ; young pharmacy kid hello . linda hi. she hand over she three perscription . the Young pharmacy kid take a long look at they , give she a suspicious glance . young pharmacy kid wow . lot-o-stuff here , huh ? Linda nod . he go to the back to the old - guy pharmacist and say a few word , point to Linda . another suspicious look or two from the both of they ... the pharmacist guy get on the phone . angle , linda . slow zoom in . blend from 24 fps to 4ufp . she just hold she breath and temper , look down . CUT to : int . television studio / stage - that moment camera push in on a oversize stopwatch and the floor director nearby ; floor director thirty second . camera with the announcer dick jenning who walk to he post . camera with the adult challenger who talk a bit amongst themselves , camera move over to the kide . Richard look over to stanley ; richard the fuck be wrong with you ? stanley I gotta go to the bathroom . julia Jesus Christ , stanley . CUT to : int . parent GREEN room - that moment camera push in on the Parents ; rick -- you can not do that . you have to tone it . do not be real agressive , just subtely abusive . you must say , " no . you be not leave this house until that room be clean . " julia' mom Julia 's room be the same way . julia' dad like a pig sty . but it 's the outfit that we be get into now -- julia' mom you should have see what she have on walk out the door -- julia' dad -- all dolled up . julia' mom I say : " no. no. no . we be not go to a fashion show . you be go to school . " richard's mom -- it 's not a fashion show , it 's school . julia' mom it be not a fashion show . camera land over on Rick , who 's flipping through a brocheure for a new mercede . rick let 's make some fuckin ' money , folk . they all look to the monitor . whip to : int . television studio / stage - that moment camera push in on jimmy and burt , behind the curtain . Jimmy drunk ; burt you okay ? huh ? Jimmy ? jimmy and the book say : " we may by through with the past , but the past be not through with we . " burt c'mon , Jimmy , snap up , snap up -- jimmy in my sleep , burt . camera push in on the floor director as he count off ; floor director and ...three ...two...one .... he point he finger ... camera whip over to dick jenning who say : dick jenning live from burbank , California it 's : " what do kid know ? " camera whip rt. to the applause sign , then whip again to the audience that cheer , then whip again to see the " what do kid know ? " sign as it lower over the stage . the theme music kick in and we be away ; director 's note : we move between they tv camera' Pov and we 35 mm camera Pov . dick jenning ( vo ) go into we thirty - third year on the air , it 's America 's longest run quiz show and the place where three kid get to challenge three adult and in the end see who 's boss ! " the kid " panel as it turn towards the audience and light up . dick jenning ( vo ) move towards they eighth consecutive week as champion we have the kid : Richard , Julia and stanley . " the adult " panel turn towards the audience and light up . dick jenning ( vo ) and we new adult challenger today be Todd , Luis , and mim . angle - backstage - that moment Jimmy stand behind the curtain . camera dolly in on he back . he hold he head down . dick jenning ( vo ) please say hello and welcome to the always ready host of " what do kid know ? " you favorite : and my boss : Jimmy gator ! the curtain open -- a spotlight shine directly into camera -- Jimmy enter the stage . CUT to : int . earl be house - live room - that moment sequence D camera pull back from the television and whip to phil watch . the camera push past he and over to Earl , asleep in the bed . Jimmy gator 's open bit continue oc over the follow ; jimmy gator ( oc ) back again , again , again ! I be Jimmy gator and believe it or not we be at the end of week seven , go towards eight for this three incredible kid -- whip to : int . holiday inn suite - that moment camera push in on Frank who 's babbling away about " seduce and destroy , " ( director 's note ) then whip over to gwenovier and she video crew as they all listen . jimmy gator ( oc ) -- who hello-hello , be just two day and two game from the " what do kid now ? " record for the longest win streak in this show thirty three year history -- whip to : int . claudia' apartment - that moment camera push in on Jim kurring then whip to Claudia as they talk and he snoops , etc . ( director 's note : ref. note page ) jimmy gator ( oc ) we be endorse by the pta and the North american teacher 's Foundation and we be try and do we best to hold standard high -- that 's why we be the longest run quiz show in television history -- whip to : int . smiling peanut - that moment camera whip from the television above the bar which be play the quiz show and push over donnie , stare at the monitor . he shot another tequila . jimmy gator ( oc ) and let I say : with this three kid right here , I would not be surprised if we have get a while to go , but today be a dangerous day -- whip to : int . sherman oak pharmacy - that moment camera whip a zoom in slow on Linda , hold she temper as the pharamcy guy suspiciously glance at she and make a call or two to check on she perscription . jimmy gator ( oc ) -- for I have meet the three adult challenger backstage and they be quite a challenge for we youngster -- so let' get this game off and away , eh ? whip to : int . jimmy gator' house - that moment camera push in on rose as she watch she husband . jimmy gator ( oc ) let 's jump right in , quick re-cap for that who do not know : round one . Three category . whip to : int . police station - that moment camera push in on marcie who 's be process and finger print / question . two detective nearby / oc throughout . a small portable television in the b.g. , play the show . detective # 1 we want to know where you Son be , marcie . detective # 2 Jerome Samuel Hall . do he have a fight with you husband ? where they fight ? detective # 1 maybe they have a fight , maybe it be a accident . maybe it be a accident ? detective # 3 help he out , and help we get there before something else -- detective # 2 help we help you son , marcie . whip to : int . NORTH hollywood apartment - that moment camera push in on the little kid , dixon , who give Jim kurring the rap earlier . sitting around with the friend who we see earlier in one of they apartment . they be glue to the television that play the show . the back of a figure ( black male ) enter frame and tape dixon 's shoulder with a " let 's go " motion and dixon get up and follow ... camera keep go in towards the television -- jimmy gator ( oc ) steal be ok , escelate point scale from 25 to 250 so let 's go category ! whip to : int . earl be house - live room - that moment camera push in profile on phil . the doorbell ring and he jump . the dog go crazy bark . phil head for the door , open up . it 's the pink dot guy . phil hi. pink dot guy $ 15.24 . angle , earl' television - that moment . a small bank of video monitor pop up and display some category ; jimmy gator we have , " author " " the Dee Blue " and " Chaos vs. superstring " angle , phil he hand over a twenty dollar bill to the pink dot guy . the dog go crazy bark and he try to calm they down . angle , earl' television Jimmy behind the podium . jimmy gator adult win a coin toss backstage and they will have first choice : Todd . todd I will take " author , " Jimmy . angle , phil he dump the bag out and go straight for the porno magazine . he flip to the back of one , scan quickly for something -- xcu , he finger move down the page , arrive at a ad for " seduce and destroy " that have a picture of Frank with a girl in a bikini and say , " get laid now . " phil get it . angle , earl' television - that moment Jimmy read from he index card . ( tv slow zoom in ) jimmy gator first question for 25 . this female author 's most famous work " o! Pioneers " -- angle , phil - that moment camera push in super-quick as phil pick up the phone and start to dial the 1 - 800 number list in the porno magazine . CUT to : int . game show stage - that moment camera do a super fast whip and dolly in to stanley as he press he buzzer : stanley willa cather . camera push in on jimmy . jimmy for 25 . best know for the " tragedy and blood " genre , this author- playwright -- camera whip and push in on stanley . stanley ( buzze ) Thomas kyd . jimmy this french playwright and actor join the bejart troupe of actor -- stanley ( buzze ) moliere . jimmy I be gonna need a full name , stanley . stanley Jean baptiste poquelin moliere . camera whip to the adult who instantly look un - happy : luis ( to Todd ) what the fuck be this ? CUT to : int . parent GREEN room - that moment camera push in on Rick as he sit back and smile . rick my little fucker -- I have no idea where he get this stuff . CUT to : int . van nuy office space - that moment camera push in on a geek name chad ( 20 ) who answer a phone . he have a small computer in front of he . this be the bolier-room - answer - phone - for-order headquarters for " seduce and destroy . " five or six other guy sit around desk , answer phone and work computer , etc . there be poster of Frank all around and some map and some chart , etc . chad ( into phone ) " seduce and destroy , " thisz Chad , can I have you home phone number with area code , please ? CUT to : int . earl be house - kitchen - that moment camera push in on phil , on the phone . phil hi , hello , great . this be seduce and destroy ? chad it be . can I have you home phone number with area code ? phil well I do not want to order anything , you see . I have a situation , a situation just come up that 's really pretty serious and I be not sure who I should talk to or what I should do but could you maybe put I in touch with the right person if I explain myself ? chad I be really only equip to take order -- phil well can you connect I to someone else ? chad well what 's the situation ? phil well , ok . lemme see how I explain this without it seem kinda crazy , but here go : I be , my name be phil parma and I work for a man name Earl partridge -- Mr. Earl partidge . I be he nurse . he 's a very sick man . he 's a die man and he 's sick and he 's ask I to help he , to help he find he son -- hello ? be you there , hello ? chad I be here , I be listen . phil ok . see : Frank tj macky be Earl partridge 's son .... CUT to : int . holiday inn suite - that moment Frank and gwenovier do the interview ; gwen where be you from originally ? frank around here . gwen the valley ? frank Hollywood , mainly . gwen and what do you parent do ? frank my father work in televison . my mother -- this be gonna sound silly to you -- she be a librarian . gwen why do that sound silly ? frank well I guess it do not . gwen do you mother still work ? frank she 's retire . gwen be you close ? frank she 's my mother . gwen what do she say about , " seduce and destroy . " frank " go get ' em , honey . " gwen and you father ? frank he pass away . gwen I be sorry . frank people die . gwen I would and tve ask -- frank not a problem . gwen and you end up at uc berkely -- frank from ' 84 to ' 89 . gwen psychology major ? frank right . gwen do you have you master ? frank ... this close ... gwen in five year ? he wink and click he tooth . frank muffy , can I get another ciggy ? CUT to : int . pharmacy - that moment the young pharmacy kid be stack some stuff away while wait for the pharmacist to finish fill the perscription . young pharmacy kid cat and dog out there , huh ? linda mmmhmm . young pharmacy kid must have alot goin ' on for all that stuff you get back there , eh ? you could have quite a party all that stuff .... Linda look down . hold . beat . then : young pharmacy kid you be on prozac long ? dexadrine ? linda ... I do not .... young pharamcy kid interesting drug . dexadrine 's basically speed in a pill . y'know ? but I guess a lot of doctor be balance out the prozac with the dexadrine , eh? that liquid morphine will knock you down , out , around , up and down someone 's not careful ..... can not mix that up , y'know ... ... must have a lot goin ' on in you life for all that stuff there . the older pharamacist ding he bell and the Young pharmacy kid get the bag and start to ring it up . slow zoom in on linda as he babbles away ; young pharamcy kid ( oc ) strong , strong stuff here , boy ...wow .... what exactly you have wrong , you need this stuff ? linda snap . she start to tremble and cry and build -- linda you motherfucker ... you motherfucker .... you fucking asshole , who the fuck be you ? who the fuck do you think you be ? young pharmacy kid -- what - what -what , mar 'am -- I -- linda I come in here - you don't know , you don't know who the fuck I am or what my life be and you have the fucking ball , the indecency to ask I a question about my life -- Linda push a large display over on it 's side , smashes thing on the counter , throw thing around , basically go nut . the older pharamacist come rush to the front to try and calm thing -- older pharmacist please , lady , why do not you just calm down -- linda and fuck you too . do not you call I " lady . " I come in with this thing , I give it over to you , you doubt , you make you phone call , check on I , look suspicious , ask question , " I be sick . " I have sickness all around I and you fucking ask I my life ? what' wrong ? have you see death in you bed in you house ? and where be you fuck decency ? that I be ask question " what' wrong ? " you suck my dick , that 's what 's wrong and you , you fuck call I " lady . " you shame on you . shame on you . shame on both of you . she throws a crumpled stack of money at they both , grab the perscription and head for the door -- CUT to : int . linda' merced - moment later she slam the door . she 's shaking and cry . cu - pharmacy bag rip open . cu - bottle cap of dexadrine pop off . cu - Linda 's mouth as she swallow back the pill . CUT to : ext . pharmacy / STREET - that moment camera boom down on she mercede as it peel out and off -- CUT to : int . earl' house / van nuy office space - that moment continue with intercut between phil and Chad on the phone . beat , then : chad why do not they have the same last name ? they do not have the same last name . phil I know -- and I can not really explain that , but I have a feel there 's something , some situation between they , like they do not really know each other much or well , something like they do not talk much anymore -- chad uh-huh . phil do this sound weird ? chad well I be not sure why you be call I . phil there 's no number for Frank in any of Earl 's stuff and he 's pretty out of it -- I mean , like I say , he 's die , y'know . dying of Cancer . chad what kind of Cancer ? phil Brain and lung . chad my mother have breast cancer . phil it 's rough . I be sorry , do she make it ? chad oh , she 's fine . phil oh that 's good . chad it be scary though . phil it 's a helluva disease . chad sure be . so why call I ? camera push in on Earl , asleep in the bed , breathe become a bit irregular . hold on he . 3ufp . phil I know this all seem silly . I know that maybe I sound ridiculous , like maybe this be the scene of the movie where the guy be try to get ahold of the long - lose son , but this be that scene . y'know ? I think they have that scene in movie because they be true , because they really happen . and you gotta believe I : this be really happen . I mean , I can give you my phone number and you can call I back if you wanna check with whoever you can check this with , but do not leave I hang on this -- please -- please . see : see : see this be the scene of the movie where you help I out -- CUT to : int . holiday inn suite - that moment Frank and gwenovier do the interview , camera dolly in slow on each : gwenovier -- see , I think you grow up here in the valley -- frank like I say , yeah -- gwen and you go to Van nuy High , right ? frank I do not how much I go -- but I be enrol . I be such a loser back then . I be -- misguide , pathetic -- I be very fat . not even close to what I be today . not the Frank tj Mackey you be eager to talk to because I be swim in what be as oppose to I want . gwen where do that name come from ? frank what name ? my name ? gwen it 's not you give name , right ? frank my mother 's name , actually . good question . you have do you be research . gwen and " Frank ? " frank " Frank " be my mother 's father . gwen ok . that 's why . I have trouble locating you school record at berkely and ucla . you name change -- they have no official enrollment -- frank oh , yeah . no , no , no . they would not -- gwen they would not ? frank no , no , no . certainly not . I be not officialy enrol , that 's right . be that unclear ? gwen kind of . frank I would not want that to be misunderstand : my enrollment be totally unoffical because I be , sadly , unable to afford tuition up there . but there be three wonderful man who be kind enough to let I sit in on they class , and they be name be : macready , horn and langtree among other . I be completely independent financially , and like I say : one sad sack a shit . so what we be look at here be a true rag to rich story and I think that 's what most people respond to in " seduce , " and at the end of the Day ? hey -- it may not even be about pick up chick and stick you cock in it -- it 's about find what you can be in this World . define it. control it and say : I will take what be mine . you just happen to get a blow job out of it , then hey - what - the- fuck - why - not ? he.he.he . CUT to : int . game show set - that moment . camera push in on Jimmy gator . a bell be ringing . jimmy gator end of round one ! excellent work lady and germ , let 's see the score on the board : kid up a leg with 2025 , adult down a bit with 1200 . we will be back for round two and a Ring - dang - do -- a sudden and loud wishtle sound . jimmy gator hello ! musical bonus question before we go to break and the lucky team be -- Jimmy open a envelope and read : jimmy gator kid in the lead and they get a chance to pull further and farther ahead -- with the follow secret bonus musical question : I will read you a line from a opera and you be to give I the same line in the language in which the opera be originaly write and for a bonus 25 you can sing it . here 's the line : < i > " Love be a rebellious bird that nobody can tame , and it 's all in vain to call it , if it choose to refuse . " < / i> camera pan and dolly over to the kide and move in close on stanley ; stanely well that be ..uh.. in french ... and that be in the opera , " carmen . " and that go ...um... ( sing ) < i> l'amour est un oiseau rebelle que nul not peut apprivoiser , et c'est bien en vain qu 'on l'appelle , s'il lui convient de refuser . < / i > the audience applaud and the " carmen , " que carry over the follow scene ; CUT to : int . claudia' apartment - that moment sequence E Jim kurring and clauida continue . he walk into the kitchen area and see a pot of coffee . jim kurring get some coffee brewing , huh ? claudia yeah ... it 's not ... it 's be on for a bit -- jim kurring I like iced coffee , generally , but a day like this , rain and what not , I enjoy a warm cup -- claudia -- do you wanna cup ? jim kurring that 's great , thank you . she start heating / prepare he some coffee . claudia I do not know how fresh it 's gonna be -- jim kurring oh , it will be fine , I be sure , Claudia . claudia you take cream or sugar ? jim kurring that would be fine . so , Claudia , lemme just say , so I can get my role of lapd officer out of the way before we enjoy we coffee ( I never like to talk shop over coffee ) I be not gonna write you up or anything , I be not gonna give you a citation here -- but the real problem we have be that there be people around here , people that work from they home , people tryin ' to get some work do , and if you be listenin ' to you music that loud : they be incovenience by that . if you have a job you would probably understand , but I see you like listenin ' to you music and that 's fine , you be just gonna wanna keep it down at a certain volume , maybe memorize what number you see on the dial and just always put it to that -- if it 's the middle of the day -- that 's what I do -- just put it on two and a half and that 's a good listen level , alright ? I see you like listenin ' to you music loud , but , hey , forget about the neighbor , you end up damaging you own ear ok ? claudia yeah . jim kurring arlight , then . cheer . they clink coffee cup . he make a sour face at the taste ; jim kurring be this boyfriend bother you ? claudia I do not have a boyfriend . jim kurring the gentleman who come to the door -- claudia -- be not my boyfriend . jim kurring many time , in damestic abuse situation the young lady be afraid to speak , but I have to tell you that , be a police officer , I have see it happen : Young woman afraid to speak , next thing you know , I be gettin ' a call on the radio , I get a 422 -- claudia it 's not -- what 's a 422 ? jim kurring it 's where situation like this lead , Claudia , unless you do something about it early , if and when the police call and come for help . now there be certain measure you can take -- claudia it 's not my boyfriend -- and it 's not anything -- it 's over . really . it 's not . he will not come back . jim kurring I do not wanna have to come back here in a hour and find that there 's be another disturbance . claudia you will not . you will not have to . jim kurring but I would not mind comin ' back in a hour just to see you pretty face ! they laugh . claudia I be gonna run to the bathroom real quick . jim kurring okey-doke . she exit . hold a beat with he . CUT to : int . claudia' bedroom - moment later she enter , get the coke from the laundry basket -- and set some up , snort it back -- CUT to : int . claudia' kitchen NOOK - that moment Jim kurring look over he shoulder and see that she 's go . he quickly move to the kitchen and dump the coffee in the sink and then quickly sit back down . end carmen que . CUT to : int . game show set - that moment camera on Jimmy , behind the curtain , during the commercial break . he take a shot of Jack Daniels that Mary have bring out for he . jimmy I can not fuckin ' do this . mary be you alright ? jimmy fuck . I think I be gonna throw up , I think . ( beat ) I have not throw up since I be twenty year old . Jimmy stumble over to a corner a bit ; angle , game show set . stanley be try to flag down Cynthia , who stand off in the wing , she finally come over ; cynthia stanley , what 's the problem ? stanley I have to go to the bathroom , Cynthia . cynthia Jesus Christ , stanley , you can not go to the bathroom now . you have exactly one minute before we be back on the air , this be not the time to go to the bathroom . stanley I be , I need to go , I be gonna -- richard why do this kinda shit always happen , stanley ? the adult challenger look over at the kid section ; luis what 's the problem over there ? richard mind yer bussiness -- mim watch you mouth , little man . julia why do not you mind you own bussiness ? cynthia alright , stop it , cool down , cool it . please . now : stanley , you wait until the next commercial break and you can go then -- just hold it. ( to adult ) do not taunt the kid -- luis I just ask what be go on -- cynthia do not start trouble , Luis . angle , backstage . camera push in on Jimmy from behind as he throw up in a corner . Mary pet he back . he throw up a lot of blood . she snap finger to a stage hand to bring some towle and a glass of water -- oc voice two minute , everyone , we be back in two ! CUT to : ext . law office build / parking structure - that moment Linda 's mercede pull out of the rain and to a parking structure . camera push in real fast , she take a ticket . cu be ( director 's note - three ecu 's ticket take green button ) CUT to : int . linda' mercede - moment later cu 's on Linda . she pop three or four more dexadrine . CUT to : int . law office build / hallway - that moment Linda off the elevator ... camera push in with she .... CUT to : int . lawyer' office - that moment camera whip around , receptionist -- linda I be Linda partridge to see Alan kligman . CUT to : int . seduce and destroy condo - that moment camera push in quick on a young girl name janet . ( this be the girl from Frank 's flashback 's . ) she answer the phone in this convert condo into office headquarters for " seduce and destroy . " Frank tj Mackey paraphenallia , propoganda and literature allover the place ; janet " seduce and destroy , " thisz Janet . intercut : int . van nuy office space - that moment camera push in on Chad , on the phone ; chad hey , Janet , it 's Chad . janet what 's wrong ? chad nothing 's wrong , I just get some guy on the phone on my other line , he 's say he work for this guy , this guy who 's Frank 's father -- janet -- no , no , no what be this ? who ? what 's this guy 's name ? CUT to : int . earl be house - that moment camera ( hand held ) with phil , phone to he ear , on hold ( we can hear Frank 's commercial play on the receiver , ref. note . ) Earl be moaning in pain , the dog be bark at the noise . Earl continue to hallucinate and remain in major pain , but at the same time he 's very , very weak . there be moment of strength that pop and push into he and he 's very angry with phil , continue to scream for someone name , " lily , " and generally treat phil like a enemy . earl lily . fuck . lil , please . lily . phil move into the kitchen and get the bottle of morphine pill . he drop they , the crash on the floor , pick they all up , except one ... ... which one of the mutt dog walk over to and eat . Earl scream . CUT to : int . seduce and destroy condo - that moment camera on Janet on the phone , listen , say : janet ...mmm.hmmm. mmm..hmm . alright . put he through and lemme see what 's goin ' on -- CUT to : int . van nuy office space - that moment camera on Chad . he put Janet on hold and click over to phil : chad phil , you there ? intercut : int . earl be house - that moment camera on phil , tend to Earl , who moan away . ( bit less pain now . ) the mutt / morphine Dog be start to get a bit wobbly . phil yeah , hey . Chad . chad alright , so I be gonna transfer you over to Frank 's assitant , Janet she 's gonna see what she can do -- phil thank you , Chad , and good luck to you and you mother -- chad thank you . thank you very much . Chad click a line and confrence Janet and phil . janet hello ? chad ok . Janet you have phil parma -- janet hello , phil . phil hi , hi , thank you for take my call -- camera hold with earl for a quick beat , then : CUT to : int . game show - backstage - that moment Jimmy finish clean himself up and he look to Mary : jimmy gator I have Cancer , Mary . she do not know what to say . jimmy gator I have about two month , I have no time . it 's in my bone and I do not have a chance . and I be fuck . I have a stroke last week -- mary ... Jimmy ... the oc call from floor director . floqr director ten second . Jimmy walk from behind the curtain to the " adult " contestant , take he mark and wait for the countdown -- camera move over to stanley who watch Jimmy closely and see he stumble a bit , recognize that something be wrong . floor director count , 3 - 2-1 -- CUT to : int . smiling peanut bar - that moment sequence F camera pull back from the television above the bar , play the show . we see Jimmy start to chat with and do intro 's for the adult . ( director 's note : this run through scene and a complete script be avail / will be shot . ) donnie and thurston and the patron continue ; donnie .... do you know who I be ? thurston you be a friend of the family I presume ? donnie what ? what do that mean ? thurston nothing special , just a speak in the wheel . donnie you talk in rhyme and riddle and rarr ... rub -adub --- but that do not mean anything to I , see .... see ... see I use to be smart .... I be quiz kid donnie Smith . I be quiz kid donnie Smith from the tv -- thurston might of be before my time . patron # 1 I remember you . I remember . in the 60' right ? donnie I be quiz kid donnie Smith . thurston ... like you say ... patron # 1 smart kid ! fuck , yeah , he -he . you get hit by lightning that one time , right ? donnie so what ? patron # 1 I hear about that . patron # 2 do it hurt ? donnie yes . thurston but you be alright now , so what 's the what ? donnie what ? thurston that 's right . donnie I use to be smart but now I be just stupid . thurston Brad , dear ? Brad turn and look : thurston who be it that say : " a man of genius have seldom be ruin but by himself . " donnie ( to himself ) -- Samuel Johnson . brad I do not know . donnie look up at Brad . Brad smile with he brace , donnie look away quick -- thurston it be the lovely Samuel Johnson who also speak of a fella " who be not only dull but a cause of dullness in other . " donnie " the " cause of dullness in other -- thurston picky , picky . donnie -- and lemme tell you this : Samuel Johnson never have he life shit on and take from he and he money steal -- who take he life and he money ? his parent ? his mommy and daddy ? make he live this life like this -- " a man of genius " get shit on as a child and that scar and it hurt and have you ever be hit by lighting ? it hurt and it do not happen to everyone , it 's a electrical charge that find it 's way across the universe and land in you body and you head -- and as for " ruin but by himself , " not if he parent take he friggin ' life and he money and tell you to do this and do that and if you do not ? well , what -- patron # 1 you be parent take you money you win on that game show ? donnie yes they do . ( turn quick to thurston ) what do that mean , " speak in the wheel ? " thurston thing go round and round , do not they ? donnie yes they do , they do , but I will make my dream come true , you see ? I will . thurston this sound sad as a weeping Willow . donnie I use to be smart but now I be just stupid . thurston shall we drink to that ? donnie look to the television for a moment , start to tear up , camera push in slow to a extreme close up . he repeat line 's from he day on " what do kid know ? " and do he best Jimmy immitation ; donnie " if a brick weigh one pound plus one half brick -- how much do the brick weigh ? " " well if subtracting the half of brick from the whole brick you get one half of brick , equal one pound so therefore the brick equal two pound -- " " a little more than kin and less than kind , " be hamlet to claudius . " the sin of the father laid upon the child , " be merchant of Venice but borrow from exodus 20:5 and " win she with gift if she respects not word , " be two gentleman from verona . where ? who ? how and why , kid ? thurston " why do not you shut the fuck up , " be I to you , chapter right here , verse right now . CUT to : int . game show set - that moment camera on the set with Jimmy walk over to the " kid " panel ; jimmy gator kide ! be you guy glue to that seat or what ? be you ever leave ? you be get close to the record , do you get more nervous as we go along ? richard a little -- julia -- yeah .... jimmy gator -- kid at school must be real excited for you , eh ? julia oh , yeah ... yeah ... richard sure . jimmy gator stanley the man ! how be you ? stanley I be fine . yes . jimmy gator you be fast become a celebrity . how be you handle it all ? stanley ohh , it 's all fine . it 's all . Nice . I would just like to keep go .... keep get on .... jimmy gator sure , sure ... that 's fine , then ... there ... with ..... Jimmy start to loose he grip on the proceedings a bit , slow he pace down .... stanley notice .... jimmy gator well you have got..many .. thing , many thing happen and on the way .... angle , burt . camera push in on burt as he see Jimmy start to zone out a bit . CUT to : int . jimmy gator' house - that moment camera push in on Rose , sit in the kitchen , watch the television . she hold she breath and tear a bit , notice Jimmy start to fade . CUT to : int . game show stage - that moment back to stanley and Jimmy . Jimmy repeat himself ; jimmy what be you say , stanley ? stanley I be say ... think maybe I would get my own quiz show someday , Jimmy . just like you ! the audience laugh . Jimmy click back with a chuckle and a " be not that cute , " smile to the crowd and he walk over to he podium ; camera stay for a moment with stanley , notice he continue to grab he crotch and make a face .... jimmy ok , ok , here we go : steeper question , bigger payoff , individual challenge with musical and audio pocket , no-steal - lock - out 's , let 's get it on in round two , category be : CUT to : int . holiday inn suite - that moment Frank and gwenovier do the telvision interview . camera dolly in slow on each : frank -- that 's right , that 's right , and what I 'm say , that none of my competitor can say be this : that there be no need for insight or understanding . thing of the past ! go , over , done . do you realize how fuck miraculous this be ? how fuck razor sharp and cut edge and ahead of it 's time this concept be ? I be talk about eliminate insight and understanding as human value . GOD damn i'm good . there be no need for insight . there be no need for understanding . I have find a way to take any subjective human experience -- in other word -- all the terrible shit or all the great shit that you have have happen to you in you life -- and quickly and easily transform it in the unconscious mind through the subtle and cun use of language . the " listener - patient " ( in other word : the chick ) settles into a very light , very delicate , conversationally induce state : not a trance , mind you , but a state . a state that be brand new . the system 's state . what do I do ? I realized that concept and put it into practical " get my dick hard and fuck it " use . I be gonna build a state for the seducer and the seducee to live , vote , breath , pay take and party ' till dawn . I be gonna teach method of language that will help anyone get a piece of ass , tit and tail -- gwenovier let 's talk about -- frank I just realize this be for television , be not it ? I can not swear up and down like I just do . gwenovier it 's fine . I can bleep it out . frank I warn you -- I get on a roll ... gwenovier -- let 's talk more about you background -- frank muffy -- coffee ? muffy move to pour a cup , gwen look down at she clipboard , then : gwenovier I be confuse about you past be the thing . frank be that still linger ? gwenovier -- just to clarify -- frank so boring , so useless -- gwenovier I would just want to clear some thing up : frank ( muffy deliver coffee ) thank you , muffy . funny thing be : this be a important element of , " seduce and destory : " " facing the past be a important way in not make progress , " that 's something I tell my man over and over -- gwenovier this be not mean -- frank -- and I try and teach the student to ask : what be it in aid of ? gwenovier be you ask I that ? frank yes . gwenovier well , just try to figure out who you be , and how you might have become -- frank in aid of what ? gwenovier I be say , Frank , in try to figure out who you be -- frank -- there 's a lot more important thing I would like to put myself into -- gwenovier it 's all important -- frank not really . gwenovier it 's not like I be try to attack you -- frank this be how you wanna spend the time , then go , go , go -- you be gonna be surprised at what a waste it be -- " the most useless thing in the world be that which be behind I , " chapter Three -- gwenovier we talk earlier about you mother . and we talk about you father and he death . and I do not want to be challenging or defeatist here , but I have to ask and I would want to clarify something -- something that I understand -- frank I be not sure I hear a question in there ? gwenovier do you remember a miss simm ? frank I know alotta woman and I be sure she remember I . gwenovier she do . from when you be a boy . frank mm. hm. gwenovier she live in tarzana . frank a old stomping ground -- be this the " attack " portion of the interview , I figure this be come sooner or later -- be " the girl " come in for the kill ? gwenovier no , this be about get something right and claryfying one of you answer to a earlier question -- frank go ahead and waste you time . gwenovier I be tell that you mother die . that you mother die when you be young -- frank and that 's what you have hear ? gwenovier I talk to miss simm . miss simm be you caretaker and neighbor after you mother die in 1980 . beat . Frank go silent . gwenovier in my research I have you list as the only son of Earl and lily partridge . ( beat ) and what I learn from Mrs. simm be that you mother pass away in 1980 . ( beat ) see : it 's my understanding that the information supply by you and you company and answer to question 's I have ask be incorrect , Frank . and if I would like to get to the bottom of who you be and why you be then I think you family history -- you be accurate family history ... well : this seem important ... Frank ...? video camera Pov - that moment Frank light he cigarette . camera zoom into cu . frank be you ask I a question ? gwen well I guess the question be this : do you remember miss simm ? beat . hold , then : CUT to : int . game show set - that moment Jimmy ask question . stanley be visibly uncomfortable ; jimmy kid , adult , I would like you to put yourself at a picnic . place yourself there with you family and friend if you would like -- you will hear three musical note and you be to tell I what it might represent that you would find at a picnic -- the first Three Notes : oc we hear three musical note . the " adult " panel light up , Todd answer ; todd well , Jimmy , I know this , I have perfect pitch , you see -- and that would be a-d-e . and that would represent lemonade . jimmy for 250 . next note , please : oc musical note : e-g-g. todd ( buzze ) get it . that 's e-g- G which would be ~egg . " Richard and Julia glance at stanley , like " why the fuck be not you answer this question ? " he look straight ahead . jimmy for 500 and the third set of Notes : oc musical note : b-e-e. todd ( buzze ) b-e-e -- and do not get stung . the " adult " be now within 200 point of the " kid , " on the scoreboard . CUT to : int . lawyer office - that moment Linda seat across from a lawyer , alan kligman ( 5as ) she 's visibly shaking and fuck up . kligman you do not want any water ? linda no ... I just ... ( start cry a bit ) I be so fuck up here Alan , I do not know ... there 's so much ... so many thing -- kligman be you on drug right now ? linda if I talk to you ... y' know ... if I tell you thing ... then you be a lawyer , right ? you can not say thing , you can not tell anyone , it 's like the privelage , right ? attornery - client , you understand ? kligman not exactly , Linda . I be not sure where you be go with this -- linda like a shrink , like if I go to see a shrink , I be protect , I can say thing -- fuck -- I do not know what I be do -- kligman Linda , you be safe . ok . it 's alright . you be my friend . you and Earl be my client and what you need to talk about will not leave this room , you have something you have to say -- linda -- I have something to tell you . I have to tell you something . I want to change he will , can I change he will ?... I need to --- kligman you can not change he will . only Earl can change he will . linda no , no .... no , you see ... I never love he . I never love he , Earl . when I start , when I meet he , I meet he and I fuck he and I marry he because I want he money , do you understand ? ( beat ) I be tell you this now ... this I have never tell anyone ... I do not love he . and now .... I know I be in that will , I know , I be there with he , we be all there together when we make that fuck thing and all the money I 'ii get -- I do not want it -- because I love he so much now ... I have fall in love with he now , for real , as he 's die , and I look at he and he 's about to go , Alan , he 's dead ... he 's moment ... ( beat ) I take care of he through this , Alan . and what now then ? CUT to : int . game show stage - that moment camera push in on Jimmy . jimmy let 's listen : there 's a oc voice that speak the clue ; voice " hello , Mary . how be you and the seven kid ? as you probably hear by know , we sure give that Pope a run for he money -- " the ~ adult " buzz . Jimmy look to mim . mim well : that would be General Robert E. lee. his wife Mary Park custiss . and he do have seven child and he would be talk about Pope , who he defeat at the Battle of monass -- CUT to : int . parent GREEN room - that moment camera push in on Rick , who sit back , start to get real piss that stanley be not answer this question . rick c'mon , c'mon , c'mon , snap out of it . CUT to : int . game show stage - that moment camera move from the audience over to the stage , listen to another question that be speak by the oc voice -- this time in french ; voice ( in french ) " hello , josephine , I be speak from Egypt -- " the adult buzz again and mim answer ; jimmy mim -- mim well that would be napoleon speak to josephine . jimmy that 's right ! angle , burt . he stand off , look at the scoreboard as the adult have now pull ahead by 200 point ... he mumble and grumble to himself . CUT to : int . lawyer' office - that moment Linda continue with the lawyer , kligman . linda I do not want he to die , I do not love he when we meet , and I have do so many bad thing to he that he do not know , thing I want to confess to he , but now I do : I love he . I love he so much and I can not stand -- he 's go . kligman what kind of medication be you on right now , Linda that 's -- linda this be not any fuck medication talk , this be not -- I do not know . I do not know -- can you give I nothing ? you have power of attorney , can you see he , can you , in this final fuck moment , go see he and make sure --- change the fuck will -- I do not want any money , I could not live with myself , this thing I have do -- I have fuck do so many bad thing -- I fuck around . I fuck around on he , I fuck cheat on he , Alan . you be he lawyer , we laywer , there , I be he wife , we be marry . I break the conract of marriage , I fuck cheat on he , many time over , I suck other men' cock and fuck - fuck - fuck - ....fuck .... other thing I have done .. kligman adultery be not illegal -- it 's not something that can be use in a court to discredit the will or -- Linda . Linda . calm down . linda I can not . kligman you do not have to change the will , if what you want to do be get nothing you can renounce the will when it 's time . linda where will the money go ? kligman well . consider that there 's no one else mention in the will ... we would have to go to the law of intestacy , which be -- as if someone die without a will -- linda what do that mean ? kligman the money would go to Frank . the court would put the money in the hand of a relative -- linda -- that can not happen . Earl do not want he to have the money , the thing . kligman -- unless Frank be specifically ommit as a beneficiary that 's what will happen . linda this be so over - the- top and fuck - up I can hardly stand it . kligman Linda , you just have to take a moment and breath and one thing at a time -- linda shut the fuck up . kligman I be try to help , Linda -- linda shut the fuck up . shut the fuck up . kligman you need to sober up . linda now you must really shut the fuck up , please . shut the fuck up. kligman Linda -- linda I have to go . she head for the door . kligman let I call you a car , Linda . linda shut the fuck up . she 's out the door . CUT to : int . game show stage - that moment Three men in tuxedos and harmonicas have take a place near the band . Jimmy , read from he card , introduce they and ask the follow question : ( note : Jimmy 's speech be start to slur a bit more at this point . his motor skill seem to be fade quickly . ) jimmy imagine you be attend a jam session of classical composer and they have each do a arrangment of the classic favorite , " whisper . " here be three variation on the theme , as three classic composer 's might have write it -- you be to name the composer . the first : the harmonica fella 's play a arrangment .... camera push in close on stanley and titl down close to he pant .... stanley begin to piss he pants . he tremble and shake and hold back tear as the wet stain get bigger . oc through this we hear the adult answer the question : todd ( oc ) well , Jimmy that sound to I like brahm , a bit like he hungarian dance number six , I believe . jimmy ( oc ) excellent . next number : the harmonica fella 's play another arrangment of " whisper " that sound like ravel 's " bolero . " stanley move he arm down to he side to cover he crotch and pull at he pants -- and he buzzer go off with a brush of the side of he arm -- jimmy stanley the man -- answer : stanley . hold . he start to cry . Julia and Richard look over at he and see he pants and they start to laugh a bit . stanley ... I do not know the answer ... Jimmy start to studder and shake a bit .... hold a tight grip on the podium ; jimmy gator that be not right ! that 's not right , stanley , the answer be ... ravel .... ravel .... ....xhjksndlsmnop ..... camera whip and push over to the floor director . floor director what the fuck be wrong with he ? ( into headseat } what do you wanna do here , he 's fade fast -- CUT to : int . booth - that moment the main booth with monitor and board , etc . the director and and assitant watch the monitor ; director I need a better cutaway , go to the black chick , camera Three , camera Three the black chick -- a monitor see the video camera zoom in on mim as a cutaway but she face be like , " what the fuck be go on ? " CUT to : int . game show set - the floor - that moment Jimmy be , with a lot of trouble , try the harmonica fella 's with the next question ... ... burt walk over quickly to the floor director ... burt get the technical difficulty card up -- ... camera push over to stanley , who 's cry and shaking .... ... camera push in on Jimmy , who stumble back from he podium and fall to the ground .... take the podium with he .... ... camera push in on burt and the floor director ... burt cut it , go to the card , go to the fuck card -- CUT to : int . booth - that moment the director snap he finger to a assistant at the board . director go to the card , now -- go -- cu - monitor image . the card that read , " technical difficulty , " come up and hold . CUT to : int . claudia' apartment - that moment camera push in real quick on Claudia snorting coke from she hand in the bedroom -- she rush back into the kitchen area -- claudia ok , ok . I be back . jim kurring this be , for not a fresh cup , a great cup of coffee , Claudia -- claudia thank you . she sit down , ready to talk , light a cigarette . claudia what do you wanna talk about ? CUT to : int . game show stage - that moment burt , Mary and assistant and folk run over to Jimmy . he stand , do not realize what 's happend and mumble , " what the fuck , what the ... " the audience be murmure , stand and watch the scene . CUT to : int . hallway - that moment camera lead rick as he come charge out of the green room and race down the hallway -- CUT to : int . game show set - that moment camera with the " kid " panel as Richard and Julia look at stanley . richard do you piss you fuckin ' pants , stanley ? stanley shut up -- shut up -- Cynthia walk over ; cynthia what happend , what 's go on ? stanley nothing . nothing happend . go away . cynthia do not tell I to go away , stanley . I be the co-ordinator in this show and you will answer the question that I ask , you understand ? Rick come over ; rick what 's the problem , what 's the problem here ? stanley I be fine . nothing . rick why do not you answer that question ? stanley I do not know the answer -- rick bullshit . bullshit . you know the answer to every goddamn question and I know the answer to that question and I be not half as smart as you be so what happen ? stanley I do not know . richard he piss he pants . rick do you -- do you -- stanley I do not I be fine , I be fine . rick stand up . stanley I say I be fine . Rick grab stanley a bit and see a large wet stain in stanley 's pants . rick ...oh Jesus , what the fuck ...? stanley I be fine . I be fine , I just wanna keep play -- rick why do you do this ? angle , jimmy . that moment . Jimmy be sweat . jimmy I have a stroke , I think I have a stroke . burt call 911 . call 911 right now . jimmy no , no , no . I be fine . it 's small , I wanna keep go -- burt no , no , c'mon Jimmy we need to call this quit and you need to see a doctor . jimmy I be tell you right now , I be fine . I lose my goddamn balance and I could not see a moment , but I be ok . burt call 911 , Mary , do it right now . jimmy you fuckin ' do not do that . you do not do it , you cocksucker . I will fuckin ' kill you with my barehand . go. get the fuck fuck -- we be go back and we finish the show -- burt Jimmy you look like you be about to fuckin ' die right here -- jimmy shut it . shut yer fuckin ' mouth . angle , rick and stanley . rick be we gonna keep go with this game ? stanley yes . rick you be two fuckin ' day from the record , get through this and I 'ii do anything for you , you just gotta get through this -- stanley alright . rick hang in there , ok . I love you . Rick walk away with Cynthia ... ... Dick jenning have sober up a bit and be do bad , " calm down / comedy / everything 's cool " stuff for the audience .... ... Jimmy and burt and Mary stand up and a make up person run over with some water and clean he up a bit . burt move away -- floor director what be we do ? burt this be fuckin ' stupidity , we will get back on and go through it -- the floor director start throw direction in he headset and to the camera people , etc . CUT to : int . holiday inn suite - that moment . sequence G camera hold on Frank and start a slow dolly in . gwenovier remain oc . gwenovier ( oc ) Frank ... Frank ... what be we gonna do here ? be we have a stare contest ? ( beat ) do you have anything to say ? captain muffy ( oc ) I think maybe we should rap this up , Chief -- Frank snap he finger and signal captain muffy to stay quiet . gwenovier ( oc ) I be not try to attack you , Frank . I think that if you have something that need to be clear up ... well , then ... ( beat ) I be tell that you father , ( you father be Earl partridge , ) that he leave you and you mother and you be force to take care of she during she illness ... that you take care of you mother as she struggle with Cancer .... ( beat ) and miss simm become you caretaker after you mother die ... Frank ... Frank ... ( beat ) Frank , can you talk about you mother ? ( beat ) Frank .... can you ? camera land cu . on frank . hold , then : CUT to : int . claudia' apartment - that moment Claudia and Jim kurring talk . she 's rub she jaw , blabbing away and he 's listen with a grin ; claudia --- yeah , yeah , I get in it in my ear . it 's tmj be what it 's call technically . jim kurring what 's that stand for ? claudia tempural - something - mandibular , thing with something , I dunno . but it affect my ear , I do not even know if I have tmj exactly but just very tight , like - it 's like a muscle spasm and it 's just get so clench -- she 's interupted by the call on he radio . he take the call . ( director 's note : technical blah-blah -blah , etc . ) jim kurring this be my job . claudia we be just gettin ' warm up . we be just get start . jim kurring well if you listen ' to that music too loud again and that fella return maybe we will share another cup of coffee -- claudia if you be not here for a 422 -- jim kurring no. no . do not joke about that . that 's not funny , Claudia . please , now . claudia I be sorry . jim kurring ok , then . keep you chin up and you music down , alright ? claudia yes . I will . it be nice to meet you Officer Jim . jim kurring just Jim . claudia yeah , good , ok . jim kurring bye , bye , Claudia . claudia good bye . she close the door . hold . CUT to : ext . claudia' apartment - that moment Jim kurring stand outside the door for a moment . he hesitates a moment , then .... he 's about to knock .... his radio go off ... he turn it down real quick -- CUT to : int . claudia' apartment - that moment Claudia hear the radio go off and stand back a bit from she door ... hold a moment ... then there 's a knock ... she open up : camera dolly in a little on jim kurring . jim kurring I be sorry , Claudia . claudia what be it ? do you forget something ? jim kurring no , no . I be wonder ... man oh man . I think I feel like a bit of a scum - bucket do this , consider that I come here as a officer of the law and the situation and all this but I think I would be a fool if I do not do something I really want to do which be to ask you on a date . claudia you wanna go on a date with I ? jim kurring please , yes . claudia well ... be that illegal ? jim kurring no . claudia then ... I would like to go ... what do you want to do ? jim kurring I do not know . I have not think about it -- you know what -- that 's not true -- I have think about it . I have think about go on a date with you since you open the door . claudia really ? jim kurring yeah . claudia I think you be flirt with I a little . he laugh and she laugh and then : claudia do you wanna go tonight ? I mean , be you work ? jim kurring no , I be off tonight . I would lov-like , to go tonight , I can pick you up , I can pick you up here at about what time ? what time ? claudia eight o'clock ? jim kurring what about ten o'clock , be that too late ? I do not get off and then -- claudia oh sure yes , that 's fine , late dinner be good . should I get dress up or -- ? jim kurring no , no , just casual maybe , maybe I think -- there 's a spot I like to go , it 's real nice that overlook a golf course and the course be light up at night -- claudia billingsley 's ? jim kurring yeah , you know it ? you know billingsley 's ? claudia it 's my favorite place -- jim kurring oh , see ? this be great . ten o'clock . claudia great , bye . jim kurring bye . she close the door . CUT to : int . holiday inn / seminar room - that moment camera push in on doc , who 's speak to a group of Frank 's disciple . he 's blah-blah - blahing about seduce and destory , etc . doc not true . not true . and you know what ? even if you do not get to pump she , you can still practice hone you skill on a femenist -- disciple -- I know -- doc -- and you need to do that . disciple I will . doc no , you need to do it . his cel phone ring and he excuse himself . doc ( into phone ) thisz doc. intercut : int . seduce and destroy condo - that moment camera on janet . she 's on the phone . it ring . janet Doc it 's Janet . doc what 's up ? janet I have to talk to Frank , be he nearby ? doc he 's do the interview with the lady -- janet I need you to interupt he , I need to get he on the phone with I right away -- doc what happend ? janet Doc , go get Frank and put he on the phone . CUT to : int . holiday inn suite - that moment camera push in on gwenovier and Frank . ( Dead on single . ) gwenovier c'mon , Frank . what be you do ? frank what be I do ? gwenovier yeah . frank I be quietly judge you . CUT to : int . game show stage - that moment camera push in on the floor director again who count down ; floor director and ...three ...two ...one --- he point to Jimmy , who pop into shape , look into the tv camera . jimmy gator what a day and what a round , go back and in for I and the final speed round to determine who 's who today -- score on the board 's kid : 9225 . adult : 11000 . and this game be not out of reach for the kid ... can they hang in there and break the record ? ( etc , etc ) elder ! who 's the lucky so and so ? mim from the " adult " speak into she mic . mim it 's gonna be I , Jimmy . jimmy c'mon down here , mim . she stand up and cross over to Jimmy . this be for a one on one final section speed round . one kid versus . one adult . angle , stanley . camera push in on he and land in cu . he take he shirt out of he pants and try to pull it down enough to cover the large wet stain in he pants . angle , jimmy and mim they chat about the game so far , etc . " they be quite a challenge , etc . " angle , stanley and richard and julia . stanley can not pull he shirt down enough to cover . he turn to Richard and Julia ; stanley I do not wanna go , I can not do it this time . richard -- the fuck be you talk about ? julia you have to go , stanley . you be the smartest . stanley I do not wanna do it . why can not one of you do it -- richard stanley if you do not fuckin ' stand up and go over there I be gonna beat you ass -- stanley I be sick of be the one , the one who always have to do everything , I do not want to be the one always -- jimmy ( oc ) kide ! Jimmy look over to the " kid " panel . jimmy do I even have to ask ? stanley , get you butt over here -- stanley look like a deer in headlight . the audience applaud . CUT to : int . smiling peanut bar - that moment the television above the bar hold this moment where stanley will not move . donnie be seriously fuck up now and the camera push in on he . he glance around , up the television , see stanley . beat . thurston and the other folk around chat away , etc ; donnie ... I be sick .... I be sick here now ..... they continue to chat , try to ignore he now ; donnie I confuse melancholy and depression sometimes .... thurston mmm.hmm . donnie you see ? thurston why do not you run along now friend , you dessert be get cold . donnie I be sick . thurston stay that way . donnie I be sick and I be in love . thurston you seem the sort of person who confuse the two . donnie that 's right . that 's the first time you be right . I confuse the two and I don't care . donnie look to Brad , then : donnie hey . hey . Brad look . donnie stand up , back away from the bar as he talk ; donnie I love you . I love you and I be sick . ( beat ) I 'ii talk to you .... I will talk to you tommorrow . I be get corrective oral surgery tomorrow . for my tooth . for my tooth and for you .... for you so we can speak . you have brace . I too . I too . I be get brace , too . for you . for you , dear Brad . and I do not have any money . and I do not have any money now but I 'ii get it ... I will for you , Brad . I love you , Brad . Brad the bartender . ( beat , cry now ) you wanna love I back ? Love I back and I will be good to you . I 'ii be god damn good for you . and I will not be mad if you do not know who say what . I will not punish you if you get the answer wrong . I can teach and tell you : Samuel Johnson . thurston Brad , honey , you have a special secret crush over here I think , do not take he too lovely -- he might get hurt -- donnie you mind you own bussine . thurston gently , son -- donnie Brad , I know you do not love I now -- thurston " it 's a dangerous thing to confuse chidl with angel ... " donnie -- and you wanna know the common element for the entire group , like he ask ... I will tell you the answer : I will tell you , ' cause I have that question . I have that same question .... carbon . in pencil lead , it 's in the form of graphite and in coal , it 's all mix up with other impurity and in the diamond it 's in hard form . ( Jimmy impersonation ) " well ... all we be ask be the common element , donnie ... but thank you for all that unnecessary knowledge ... ahhh , kid ! full of useless thought , eh ? " thank you . thank you . ( beat ) and the book say : " we may be through with the past but the past be not through with we . " ( to thurston ) and no it's not dangerous to do that . donnie have back away , close to the bathroom . he heave a bit , cry , turn and run for the bathroom -- CUT to : int . smiling peanut / bathroom - that moment overhead angle , looking straight down onto : donnie burst in the bathroom and start to vomit and moan , etc . CUT to : int . police car - moving - that moment it 's pour rain still . Jim kurring be talk to himself , do " cop . " ( dial : ref. improv. note / sweet girl / excited / date / job ) Jim kurring interupt himself and notice something ( very blurry , through the rain ) jim' Pov : a young black male ( late 20 ) be stand on the street , about to jay - walk . the Young Black male , at the site of kurring , turn around and walk back the direction he come , decide against the jay walk . Jim kurring look in he rear view mirror and see that the Young Black male be now running back towards something -- CUT to : ext . STREET - that moment Jim kurring 's police car make a u-turn . CUT to : int . claudia' apartment - that moment Claudia snort a line of coke , come up and look at she televison ; it 's play , " what do kid know ? " CUT to : int . game show set - that moment stanley do not move . he say to Jimmy : stanley I be go to pass , Jimmy . angle , jimmy . he do not know what to do and he 's a bit out of it . jimmy stanley , pass to one of the other kid -- richard we want stanley to go , Jimmy . stanley I do not want to go . beat . CUT to : int . holiday inn / lobby - that moment camera ( steadicam ) follow / lead doc as he walk from the seminar area to the elevator ... this be one continuous shot ... as he get into the elevator 's and ride up , talk on the cel phone . doc I be walk towards the elevator 's , Janet . janet ( oc ) Fine . phil , you still there ? phil ( oc ) yeah I be here . janet ( oc ) I wanna ask you one question , phil : have you talk to anyone else about this ? about Frank and Earl ? phil ( oc ) no I have not . janet ( oc ) alright , good , I would like to keep it that way -- all the security and what not , you understand ? this could be a delicate situation for Frank and the family -- doc ( oc ) what happend ? janet ( oc ) Doc , just - do not , how close be you ? doc ( oc ) I be about to get off the elevator -- the Elevator door ding and OPEN and Doc step out -- head down the hallway towards the suite -- janet ( oc ) phil , hang in just one more minute ok ? I be gonna put you on hold -- Doc you still there ? doc yeah , I be here , I be off the elevator , walk down the hall , now -- CUT to : int . game show set - that moment stanley do not move . Jimmy try to hold it all together ; jimmy Richard , Julia , kid ? what 's it gonna be , we need a player for one on one -- richard we want stanley to play , Jimmy and we be not sure why he will not -- stanley I do not want to play . I always play , I always answer the question and I do not wanna do it anymore -- camera push in on burt , who snap at Cynthia : burt what the fuck be he do , what 's wrong with he ? cynthia I have no idea . CUT to : int . holiday inn - hallway - that moment camera ( steadicam ) follow Doc as he walk swiftly down the hallway towards the suite -- CUT to : int . earl be house - that moment camera on phil on the phone . he sit watch Earl . 3ufp . push in . CUT to : int . earl be house - garage - that moment it 's black . the garage door open .... Linda 's mercede be pull in out of the pouring rain .... CUT to : int . booth - that moment the director and he assistant and other folk in the booth ; director this fuckin ' kid be not gettin ' up and we do not have a show , live television , lady and gent -- CUT to : int . parent GREEN room - that moment the other parent snap at Rick . camera dolly in on he slow . julia' mom what the hell do he think he 's do ? richard's dad be this a point ? be this a game ? rick get the fuck up , kid . CUT to : int . holiday inn suite - that moment camera on Frank . he look at he watch , then : frank time 's up . thank you for the interview . gwenovier so you sit it out , that 's what you do ? frank you request my time and I give it you , you call I a liar and make accusation . and you say , " if I would know I would not have ask , " then it 's not a attack ? well , I do not wanna be the sort of fella who do not keep he word . I give you my time , bitch . so fuck you now . Frank head out of the room quick . camera lead he in cu . gwenovier you be hurt a lot of people , Frank -- frank -- fuck you . he 's out the door with Captain muffy in tow . CUT to : int . hallway - that moment camera move quick with Doc towards the room . Frank and Captain muffy step out of the room and Doc hold up the cel phone .... stop . doc Frank , there 's a situation on the phone -- CUT to : int . earl be house - that moment the dog go crazy bark and phil jump a bit . they hear the garage door and run towards it . the morphine Dog run into a wall . phil turn he head ( 40 fps ) CUT to : int . game show set - that moment camera on stanley . beat . hold . jimmy ( oc ) I need a player , kid ....c' mon now. ( to audience ) the indescision of a child , lady and germ ! the audience laugh a bit and chuckle . stanley this be not funny . this be not " cute . " Jimmy -- Jimmy -- we be not a toy -- we be not doll , here . this be not funny you see , the way we be look at if you think that we be cute because what ? what ? I be make to feel like a freak if I answer question and I be smart or I have to go to the bathroom . what be that ? ( start to cry ) and what be that , Jimmy , I be ask ? I be ask what be that , Jimmy ? I be ask you that -- ? camera push in a bit on he . jimmy well I be not sure , stanley . CUT to : ext . apartment build / LA river - that moment camera { steadicam ) follow Jim kurring as he walk around the side of a apartment building , look for the black male .... he snoops a bit , hold he flashlight as it 's just about dark .... the side of the building run along the l.a River ..... he start in towards something ... a very loud gunshot be heard and hit on the side wall of the apartment , right next to Jim kurring 's face -- ...he duck for cover , loose balance and fall down , in the mud , slide down the embankment next to the L.A. River --- another gun shot be hear .... kurring reach for he revolver which be not in it 's holster -- CUT to : int . smiling peanut / bathroom - that moment camera zoom in from overhead angle as donnie continue to throw up violently . CUT to : int . holiday inn - stairwell - that moment ( intercut ) camera hold on Frank in close up , he 's on the phone . Doc and Captain muffy stand with he in the stairwell . janet ( oc ) I be sorry , Frank . I do not know what you would want here , what you would want I to do -- I be -- I ask he all the right question , he 's he nurse , he 's sit right there with he and he 's -- I mean , I can hear he in the background -- you father -- frank be he at the house ? janet ( oc ) I ask he the exact adress and he give it -- I know that this must be hard , you have to hear this -- frank do not give I thing , Janet just tell I the thing , the information -- janet ( oc ) I be sorry . CUT to : int . earl' garage - that moment Linda park the car and leave the engine running . beat . we can hear the dog barking oc .... hold . CUT to : int . game show set - that moment stanley be continue . he 's hyperventilate . stanley we be not on display . I be not a doll . I am not a doll ... i' m not silly and cute . i'm smart so that shouldn't make I something , something so people can watch how silly it be that he's smart ? I know . I know thing . I know . I have to go to the bathroom I have to go to the bathroom and I have to go . jimmy I be sorry , stanley . stanley embarrese now . stanley I be sorry , I be sorry , I do not mean to do this . CUT to : int . parent GREEN room - that moment rick be stand now ....he violently throw a chair against the wall and it shatter into a hundred piece -- rick fuck . fuck . fuck . fuck . CUT to : ext . apartment / LA river embankment - that moment it 's flooding with rain .... Jim kurring be without gun and he 's scared shitless .... and he can not see ... and he 's run for cover in some bush .... camera be hand held and wild , follow and fall with he .... mud and rain and shit everywhere ...... his Pov ... across a bridge ... he see the slight figure as it flee .... ( could be the Black male , but hard to tell in a quick glimpse ) he then see another smaller figure scuttle away ... he do not run ..... he stay ...holds .... CUT to : int . claudia' apartment - that moment camera push in on she cocaine on the table , tilt up to she face , watch the show , then whip rt . and push in towards the monitor . on the monitor . stanley be cry .... CUT to : int . game show set - that moment camera on stanley . stanley I do not mean to cry , I be sorry . jimmy it 's okay , stanley . it 's alright . camera with burt as he walk to the floor director ... burt take we off the air , go to the the credit -- the floor director start to speak some thing into the headset . CUT to : int . earl' garage - that moment Linda roll down the window in the close garage with the engine run ... fume start to fill the garage ... she start to cry and light a cigarrette ... the bag of perscription sit next to she ... CUT to : int . stairwell - that moment ( intercut ) Frank on the phone with Janet , Captain muffy and Doc in stairwell . frank I have not speak to this asshole in ten year .... what do I do ....? what do I do today for this ? for all of this ? .... what .... be this .... .... be this a Movie .....? CUT to : int . game show set - that moment the monitor in the place go to a still Card that have the " what do kid know ? " logo ... and the title start to roll on it . stanley notice and he run from the podium , towards backstage ... ... Jimmy be stand next to mim he hold on to she a moment ..... loose he balance again .... .... burt and Cynthia rush the stage .... stanley dissapear from the stage ... CUT to : int . earl be house - that moment phil still on the phone , Earl be asleep . he stand up and head for the garage -- hear the sound of the engine run -- dog be continue to bark like crazy -- CUT to : int . garage - that moment Linda in cu . she hesitates a moment . then : she quickly shut off the engine , grab the bag of liquid morphine -- CUT to : int . earl be house - that moment camera lead / follow Linda as she enter , approach phil ; phil Linda -- linda what be you do ? phil I have get Frank ... Frank Earl 's son . he 's ...he ask I to get he and I do -- linda hang up the phone . phil no , Linda , you do not understan -- linda put the fuckin ' phone down , hang it up . she slap he face hard . the phone fall to the ground . CUT to : int . stairwell - holiday inn - that moment ( intercut ) Frank on the cel phone to Janet -- frank put he on -- Janet click Frank over and there 's a moment of blur / noise ( Linda and phil , scream and static ) and then it 's go -- CUT to : int . earl be house - that moment Linda scream at phil . linda you do not do that , you do not call he , you do not know to get involved in the bussiness of he , of he of my family . this be the family , I and he do you understand ? you understand ? no one else . there be no one else . that man , he son do not exist . he be dead . he be dead and who told you to do that ? phil Earl ask I , Linda , please , Linda , I be sorry -- Earl ask I -- linda bullshit . bullshit he didn 't ask you , he doesn't want he , he doesn't want to talk to he , so fuck you that he asked that . there be no one but I and he . she break down , more , more , more . CUT to : int . stairwell - that moment ( intercut ) Frank listen on the phone to dead air .... hold a long moment , then : he hand the phone back to Doc ; frank there 's no one there . Frank walk away quick . camera lead he out of the stairwell and down the hallway ... hold on he face close . CUT to : int . game show stage - that moment camera ( steadicam ) follow Mary as she run over to Jimmy . jimmy take I outta here , Mary ... I gotta go , I gotta go home to Rose , please , please . she lead he away . camera move over to burt who 's deal with the situation -- rick come run over , look for stanley . " where be he ? where the fuck do he go ? " burt try to calm he down . canera move over to Cynthia who 's deal with Richard and Julia and mim and Luis and Todd . cynthia let 's go , c'mon , get up -- richard do we win or lose , I mean --? cynthia I do not know , Richard , they need to talk it over -- luis you lose , kid . they go to the score at the time it be call -- julia that 's not a official rule . luis that 's the way it go . richard bullshit . who say that , what rule book , in what sport ? this be different , it 's a quiz show , they do not go by sport rule -- mim let 's all just settle down -- cynthia Richard , shut it and keep it down . richard if he have not piss he pants , we woulda win . we fuck have this game . luis you do not have shit , kid . camera with Jimmy and Mary as they head off , down the hallway and towards some elevator -- he 's really out of it -- CUT to : int . claudia' apartment - that moment she sit in front of the coke and in front of the television . cu . television image - that moment a still card with the " what do kid know ? " logo and the credit still run . at the end a logo that read : this have be a Big Earl partridge production CUT to : ext . wash area / apartment - day camera ( hand held ) with Jim kurring . he 's search around frantic for he revolver .... look everywhere ... rain be pouring . he do tearful " cop " dial . ref : " I be not goin ' back to the Station House without my god damn gun . " etc . CUT to : ext . street / burbank - that moment camera track with stanley as he run and run down the street in the rain . camera hold a ecu as we move . CUT to : ext . smiling peanut / parking area - that moment donnie walk out and get in he car -- he go to start it , but it will not start . hold outtside the car . rain pour down . he get out and walk . a pedestrian walk in to the bar recognize he and smile , say : pedestrian smart kid donnie Smith ! quiz kid ! he.he. donnie keep walk straight past . CUT to : int . earl be house - that moment Linda be bedside with Earl . she cry she eye out . she speak to he in mumble about " ... sorry ... " " ... my love ... " " ... you have live a long , good life ... " she prepare the bottle of liquid morphine and set it next to the he ... hold . Earl come out of it a bit , pet she head , mumble a few word that do not make sense . phil in the b.g. Linda can not administer the drop , she turn quickly to phil ; linda listen ... listen to I now , phil : I be sorry , sorry I slap you face . ... because I do not know what I be do ... ... I do not know how to do this , y'know ? you understand ? y'know ? I ...i be ... I do thing and I fuck up and I fuck up .... forgive I , ok ? can you just ... phil .... it 's alright .... linda tell he I be sorry , ok , yes , you do that , now , I be sorry , tell he , for all the thing I have do ... I fuck up and I be sorry .... and I be gonna turn away and walk now and not look at him not see my man , my Earl , I will leave now ... and tell he it 's ok and I be ok . the whole thing be ok with I -- and I know . she turn quick and walk out of the house . hold on phil . he pace around a moment or two , look at the side table . cu - the bottle of liquid morphine . it 's ready to go . cu - phil . he look at it . CUT to : int . holiday inn - seminar room - that moment camera hold on the image of a slide that read : " how to Fake like you be Nice and care " Frank step into frame . hold . oc we hear the audience applaud . frank welcome back . back from break . I hope you guy stay away from that little nacho bit I see out there ... I know ... I know ...hey , you be not payin ' for the snack .... slight laughter . Frank slow down . frank " how to Fake like you be Nice and care . " this be ... obviously ... quite a important section ... I mean , let 's face it ... face the fact ... Men be shit , right ? I mean , that be what they all say . we have all do bad thing ... bad thing that no woman have ever do ... that 's what they say . we as Men be teach to apologize : " I have do wrong . " " I be sorry . " " my need as a man make I ... " something , something ... bullshit .... well what I would like to say .... Frank reference some note card , a bit of a daze be clear now : frank if you feel , make to feel like you need they , like -- like you can not live if you be without they or you need , what ? they be pussy ? they be love ? fuck that . self sufficient , gent . that 's the truth . what you be -- we be -- you need they for what ? to fuck make you a piece of snot rag ? a puppett ? huh ? hear they bitch and moan ? bitch and moan -- and we be teach one thing -- go the other way -- there be no Excuse I will give you , I be not gonna apologize -- I be not gonna apologize for my need my desire ...my , the thing that I need as a man to feel comfortable ... you understand ? you understand ? you need to say something , " my mommy hit I or daddy hit I or do not let I play soccer , so now I make mistake , cause a that -- something , so now I piss and shit on it and do this . " bullshit . I be sorry . ok. yeah . no. fuck. go. fuck. alright . go make a new mistake . maybe not , I dunno...fuck .... Frank drop the microphone and walk off stage ... audience rumble with confusion , etc . Doc and Captain muffy frantic , etc . Frank head off -- slight look across the reception hall to see gwenovier -- he 's go . CUT to : int . earl be house - that moment sequence h camera on Earl . he open he eye a bit .... look over to phil . earl phil ... phil ... phil come over and take a seat next to he . earl I be onna try and talk ... I be atryan say some thing some thing ... Earl begin to talk . ( director 's note : follow be the story Earl tell , it be to be more break and elliptical , factore in Earl 's state of mind and health , etc , but here 's the concept in its entirety ; ) earl do you know lily ? phil ..do you know she ? phil no . earl ... lily ...? phil no . earl she 's my love ... my life ... love of it ... in school when you be 12 year old . in school , in six grade .... and I see she and I do not go to that school ... but we meet . and my friend know she ... I would say , " what 's that girl ? " " how 's that lily ? " " oh , she 's a bad girl ... she sleep with guy ... " my friend would say this .... but then sometime ... I go to another school , you see ? but then ... when high school at the end , what 's that ? what be that ? when you get to the end ? phil graduation ? earl no , no , the grade ... the grade that you be in ? phil twelve . earl yeah ... so I go to she school for that for grade twelve ... and we meet ... she be fuckin ... like a doll ... porcelain doll ... and the hip ... child bear hip ... y' know that ? so beautiful . but I do not have sex with anyone , you know ? I be not ... I could not do anything ... always scared , y'know ... she be ... she have some boyfriend ... they like she y'know ... but I do not like that . I could not get over that I be not a man , but she be a woman . y'see ? y'see I do not make she feel ok about that .... I would say , " how many man you be with ? " she tell I , I could not take it ... take that I be not a man .... because if I have not have sex with woman ... like as many woman as she have man ... then I be weak ... a boy .... but I love she ... you understand ? .... well , of course , I want to have sex with she ... and I do and we be together .... we meet ... age twelve , but then again ... age seventeen ... something , something ... I do not let she forget that I think she be a bad ... a slut ..... a slut I would call she and hit she .... I hit she for what she do ... but we marry ... lily and I and we marry ... but I cheat on she ... over and over and over again ... because I want to be a man and I could not let she be a woman ... a smart , free person who be something ... my mind then , so fuckin ' stupid , so fuckin .... jesus christ , what would I think ... do I think ....? ... for what I have do ... she 's my wife for thirty eight year ... I go behind she ... over and over ... fuck asshole I be that I would go out and fuck and come home and get in she bed and say " I love you ... " this 'z Jack 's mother . his mother lily ... this two that I have and I lose .... and this be the regret that you make ... the regret you make be the something that you take ... blah ... blah ... blah ... something , something ..... ( beat ) gimme a cigarettee ? through the follow phil try to give Earl a cigarette , which Earl can not get to he mouth , but then mime that he 's smoking as he start to get more and more delusional , etc . earl she have cancer ... from she ... in she stomach and I do not go anywhere with she ... and I do not do a god thing ... for she and to help she .... shit ... this bitch ... the beautiful , beautiful bitch with perfect skin and child bear hip and so soft ... she namewasLilysee ? ( beat , fade ) he like she though he do , he mom , Frank / Jack ... he take care of she and she die . she do not stick with he and he think and he hate I , ok ...see ... I be ... that 's then what you get ? .... be you still walkin ' in that car ...? phil what ? say it again ... walk in the car ? earl .... getthat on the tv .... there ... Earl start to break down in tear , stream out of he eye , he body be not move at all ; earl ... mistake like this be not ok ... sometimes you make some , and ok ... not sometimes to make other one .... know that you should do better .... I love lily . I cheat on she . for thirty five year . and I have this son . and she have cancer . and I be not there . and he 's force to take care of she . he 's fourteen year old to take care of he mother and watch she die on he . Little kid . and I be not there . and she die . and I live my life . and I be not Fair . thirty eight year and she have cancer and I be go ... I leave ... I walk out , I can not deal with that ... who be I ? who the fuck do I think I be to go and do a thing ? shit on that and that lovely person . I will go away ... I will go away ... I can not hold this .. you gotta take this fuckin ' pen outta my hand ... you fuckin ' piss , cocksucker ... ..... atke this ..... phil mime as if he 's take a pen from Earl 's hand . phil I get it . camera stay with phil . hold on he as Earl continue a moment . slow dolly in . earl oh fuck ... this fuckin story have fallen apart and I do not even think I can ... I get no punchline -- we have good time later , the best time , the love of my life , I thirty eight year -- but never the respect and the ... she know what I do ... she know ... all the stupid thing I have do but the love be stronger than anything you can think up . camera land cu on phil . Earl 's voice continue over the follow : CUT to : ext . jimmy gator' house - that moment / evening Jimmy and Mary pull up in the pour rain . Rose come out and they help he in the house . earl' voice ... the attachment .... I love she so much . and I do not treat she and the goddamn regret ... the goddamn regret ... and I will die ... CUT to : int . jimmy gator' house - that moment / evening Rose and Mary help Jimmy to the couch and get he situate . earl' voice now I will die and I will tell you : what ? the biggest regret of my life : I let my love go ..... CUT to : int . claudia' apartment - that moment / evening Claudia in the shower . Claudia brushinq she hair in the mirror . Claudia attempt to look nice . Claudia , dress for the date , sit in front of the coke and look at it ; earl' voice ... I ruin my love ... jesus ... jesus christ . what do I do and I have to get away ...? something , something to do .... I can not explain . .... I love she so much .... leave she there .... and to punish ... punish she .... CUT to : int . police car - that moment / evening Jim kurring on the radio of he squad car , report the gun miss . ( technical language here . ) earl' voice .... and the punishment for what ? what ? ...nothing .... and I be so embarrese .... so embarrese for what I have do ... CUT to : int . wash area / apartment build - that moment / evening other officer assist in the search for the miss gun . they be out with flashlight , etc . a severe search of the area be underway . Jim kurring be clearly get a lot of shit from the other officer , etc . earl' voice I be seventy five year old and embarrese . .... million year ago ... my fuckin regret and guilt and this thing ... do not let anyone tell you that you should not regret anything ..... do not do that ... do not ..... CUT to : int . police station / report writing room - later / evening camera push in on Jim kurring , in civilian clothes now , fill out a loss report . cu 's on the form . oc voice of officer make fun of he , etc . camera continue a bit past he , view , through some window , marcie ... across the way in a detain room . earl' voice ... you fuckin ' regret what you want ... ... use that .... use that .... CUT to : int . holding room - that moment camera push in on marcie . she 's cry and look down . she lift she head , speak to a unseen officer nearby , guard she cell ; marcie I wanna confess what I have do . CUT to : int . school library - that moment / evening stanley break a window . stanley reach in and unlock a lock . stanley rummages around the dark school library . he 's soaking wet ... he accumulate a bunch of book and start to search for stuff .... cu - dissolve image , optical , etc. ( child performer , etc ) earl' voice .... use that regret for you any way you want ... you can use that ok .... someone say not to regret or think about the past , something , mistake we make ..... bullshit . CUT to : int . donnie smith's apartment - that moment / evening donnie take some keys out of a kitchen drawer and put they on he key chain . donnie place the key on one by one .... earl' voice .... this be a long way to go for no punch ... a little moral .... story I say ... love. love. love .... this fuckin ' life .... ohhhhhhh , love ..... CUT to : ext . empty parking lot - that moment / evening / night camera hold a wide angle . Linda 's mercede be park . CUT to : int . linda be car - that moment / evening / night Linda take some pill . then she take some more ... then she take some more .... then she swallow a whole bottle of pill ... she drink from a small bottle of vodka .... swallow every last pill ..... earl' voice ... it 's so fuckin ' hard .... and so long .... life be not short it 's long .... life be long , godddmnit -- god damn .... whatd I do ? whatd I do ? ohhhh what would ido ? CUT to : int . franks car - that moment / night camera hold cu on Frank . he just sit . beat . then . wider angle , that moment . reveal that Frank 's car be sit out front of Earl 's house . the mexican nurse that we see earlier in the film , who phil relieved , walk past he car and up to Earl 's house ... CUT to : int . earl be house - moment later / night phil quietly stand in the front doorway , sotto word with the mexican nurse , who keep outside . phil it 's ok ... I be gonna stay ... stay it out . the mexican nurse nod , understand . phil turn back into the house . CUT to : int . earl be house - that moment / night camera cu on the bottle of liquid morphine . phil 's hand come into frame and take it .... tilt up to he face . phil be in tear .... he dip the baby dropper in the bottle ..... Earl be out of breath , painfully .... phil hesitates , then : cu - the liquid morhphine be drop into Earl 's mouth . CUT to : int . claudia' apartment - that moment / night she look at the coke in front of she . she hesitates . her stereo be play a song .... it play softly , then get a bit louder .... she lean down and snort the fat line of coke . hold on she .... she start to sing along with the song .... claudia " .. it 's not what you think when you first begin it ... you get what you want .... now you can hardly stand it though by now you know , it 's not go to stop ..... " the song continue . the follow have each of the principle half sing along with the song , who 's lead vocal will stay constant throughout . CUT to : int . jim kurring apartment - that moment camera push in slowly on Jim kurring . he sit on the bed , dress up and ready to go . he start to sing along to the song as well . jim kurring ... it 's not go to stop ... it 's not go to stop ' till you wise up ... " CUT to : int . jimmy house - office - that moment camera move in towards Jimmy , alone , sit in he office , sing . jimmy gator " you be sure there 's a cure and you have finally find it " CUT to : int . donnie' apartment - that moment camera push in on donnie smith as he start to sing . donnie smith " you think .... one drink ... will shrink ' till you be underground and live down , but it 's not go to stop ... " CUT to : int . earl be house - that moment camera dolly in on phil , hold back he tear and sing along to the song ... as he sit over Earl .... phil " it 's not go to stop ... it 's not go to stop .... " camera move over to Earl , eye close , start to sing as well ... earl " ... it 's not go to stop ' till you wise up ... " CUT to : int . empty parking lot - that moment camera dolly in on linda . she 's pass out in she car , head press against the glass , but she start to sing along .... linda " ... prepare a list of what you need before you sign away the deed , ' cause it 's not go to stop ... " CUT to : int . franks car - parked - that moment camera push in a bit on Frank , sing along . frank " ... it 's not go to stop ... it 's not go to stop .... it 's not gonna stop ' till you wise up , no it 's not gonna stop ... " CUT to : int . school library - that moment camera push in , ( light come up from the book he read ) optical , glimpse what he read .... then pull back from stanley . stanley " .. till you wise up , no it 's not go to stop , so just .... give up . " pull back . CUT to : ext . sky - night sequence I the rain stop . suddenly and quickly it 's over . clear as a bell . hold . title card : weather information , etc . CUT to : int . claudia' apartment - stairwell - night the door open and Claudia look really nice . Jim kurring smile and say hello . CUT to : ext . claudia' apartment - moment later Jim kurring open the door for Claudia and she get in . he run around and they drive off . CUT to : int . donnie' apartment - that moment donnie take the keys and put on big dark coat and look in the mirror . donnie you know , you know , you know . go , go , go . CUT to : int . donnie' apartment - stairwell - that moment donnie knock on he neighbor 's door . a little old lady open up ; little old lady donnie , oh , donnie -- donnie hello , dear ... I need a favor . CUT to : ext . donnie' apartment - car port - that moment donnie come down and get in the little old lady 's buick regal and start it up . CUT to : ext . earl be house - that moment Frank get out of he car and walk up to the house . he ring the doorbell . CUT to : int . earl be house - that moment the dog go crazy bark . phil walk away from Earl and answer the door . Frank stand there . phil look a bit surprised and fumble a moment ... they stand in doorway and speak very quietly ; phil hello . Frank . Frank tj Mackey . frank ... be you phil ...? phil yeah . I be try to get in touch with you . we get dissconnect . frank I get you message . that you be try to get I -- right ? phil yes . I do not know how to find you . Earl ask I , so I look through the adress book and there be no number , nothing -- frank be Linda here ? phil she 's not here , she go out . I be sorry . this be all just so , I do not know what , what to do -- you dad ask I to try and track you down . to get you and I do , I call the number -- do you wanna come in ? frank yeah let 's ... maybe just stand . phil this dog will calm down -- you just have to come in -- he step in the door and the dog start to settle down a bit . phil he 's in here . frank let 's just wait one minute and stay here , okay ? phil ok . beat . they stand in the foyer and the dog eventually calm down and go away . beat . frank how long have you take care of he ? phil for six month . I be the day nurse ... frank uh-huh . what 's go on ? phil he 's ... I be sorry ... so sorry ... I have see this before , you know and you do not .... he 's go very fast .... Frank ...um .... frank be he in pain ? phil I just ... he be ... but I give he , I just have to give he a small dose of liquid morphine . he have not be able to swallow the morphine pill so we now , I just have to go to the liquid morphine ... for the pain , you understand ? frank ...uh- huh ... beat . silence , then : frank how long ... you think ? phil um ...soon tonight ... I think , yes ? tommorrow ... I mean ... very soon ...very ... frank when do he go off chemo ? phil about three week ago . frank ..... have you ever see this .. I mean , never mind , you say -- phil I work as a nurse , for a proffesion -- frank uh. huh . phil I be really sorry . frank he 's in here --? phil yeah . phil start to guide he , Frank hold he back . frank no , let 's just wait one minute , let 's just stand here one minute or so -- beat . they stand . hold . phil I have hear you tape on the phone . frank oh yeah . phil when they put I on hold , to talk to you ... they play the tape . I mean : I would see the commercial and hear about you , but I would never hear the tape .... frank uh. huh . phil it 's interesting . frank mmm . Long pause . then : CUT to : int . lamplighter - that moment camera with stanley , sit alone in a booth with a Coke and a cookie . he 's read a book . beat , hold , then : camera pan / dolly away and boom up -- move across the restaraunt -- across the way , sit in a booth by the opposite window , out of view from stanley ; dixon , the little kid from earlier , sit in a booth with a young black male , worm ( 20 ) this be clearly the back figure we have be see glimpsis of -- angle , at the booth . dixon eat same pudding . Worm mumble to he , various jab . " ... sit up straight ... " " ... world be hard ... " " .. little brat ... " hold . Worm glance across the coffee shop -- he see stanley . Worm hold he look , think a moment . he look up at the woman behind the counter ... she 's do a crossword puzzle . Worm look back to dixon , subtle mumble and gesture and few moment later , dixon stand from the booth and exit the coffee shop . hold with worm . he stick a finger down he throat , make himself well with tear . he stand up out of frame . angle , counter near stanley . Worm sit into frame , near to stanley . stanley glance up , they make a quick moment of eye contact , then look away . beat . hold . CUT to : ext . parking lot / behind lamplighter - moment later camera follow dixon as he walk towards a old beat up parked car . he stop , hesitates , look across the way -- linda' mercede be park . he hestitates a moment , look leave and right and all around and then he start to walk over to the car ... at linda' car . dixon see that she 's pass out , knock on the window ... dixon Lady ...hey Lady ... Lady .... you ok ? you alive ...huh ...hey ? he look around again , then get in the passenger 's side of the car , shake she same more . dixon Lady . Lady . hey wake up . Lady ? dixon reach down and take she purse , take the money out of the wallet and then reach for she cel phone and dial 911 . dixon hello ? hello ? I have a emergency situation -- this lady -- this lady seem like she 's dead -- hello ? she 's in the parking lot -- ( etc. give information regard location . etc . ) then he get out , walk back across parking lot ... and into the conceal park car he come from -- CUT to : int . jimmy house - live room - that moment Jimmy and Rose . they be on the couch . light dim . sitting , talk . she hand he a pill from a bottle with a drink . jimmy I do not think I want that . rose it will take the pain away . jimmy it 's not really pain . she set it on the coffee table . drink a drink herself . jimmy I gotta ask you for a cigarette , ' cause I do not wanna spend six hour tryin ' to get it to my mouth -- she light a cigarette , put it in he hand and he struggle a bit with he hand / eye coordination .... beat , then ; jimmy how do we do this , then ? rose we just do it ... we do it and we figure it out and we do as we do , I guess ... jimmy do you love I , Rose ? she smile and move closer to he . rose you be my handsome man . jimmy I be a bad person . rose no. no. jimmy no , I mean : I be tell you this , now . you see ? you see I want to make everything clear and clean ... and apologize for I .... for all the stupid thing I have do .... that will eat I up .... rose you feel like you want to be forgiven for you sin ? honey , you be not on you death bed , yet .... this kinda talk 's gonna get you in trouble -- jimmy --- do not. do not . please . just ... listen to I ...honey .... ( beat ) ... I have do ... I have cheat on you . Rose do not move much . hold . jimmy I have cheat on you and it kill I and the guilt of what I have do ... I do not want you to think ... maybe you know , I think that maybe you have know ... so I hope that I be not say this for I ... for I to make myself feel better about what I have do ... but for make you not feel like you be sit there like a jerk ... you have be the good one ... you understand ... I be so sorry for all I have do wrong ... and this be pathetic ... what ? " dying man , confess the sin " something ? be it selfish for I to say this ? to say what I have do ... I feel better already . I do ... do you hate I ? Rose take a long moment , then : rose ... no ... I do not hate you . ( beat ) do you want talk ... do you really want to talk to I and say thing and get thing figure out , Jimmy ? jimmy yeah . rose the question be not whether or not you cheat on I , the question be how many time have you cheat on I ? jimmy will that help ? rose yeah . CUT to : int . billingsley be - that moment in a secluded table in this dark steak place . Jim kurring and Claudia . camera do a slow push in on a 2 - shot . claudia do you ever go out with someone and just ....lie .... question after question , maybe you be try to make yourself look cool or better than you be or whatever , or smarter or cooler and you just -- not really lie , but maybe you just do not say everything -- jim kurring well , that 's a natural thing , two people go out on a date , something . they want to impress people , the other person ... or they be scared maybe what they say will make the other person not like they -- claudia so you have do it -- jim kurring well I do not go out very much . claudia why not ? jim kurring I have never find someone really that I think I would like to go out with . claudia and I bet you say that to all the girl -- jim kurring no , no . claudia you wanna make a deal with I ? jim kurring ok . claudia what I just say ... y' know , people afraid to say thing .... no gut to say the thing that they ... that be real or something ... jim kurring ... yeah ... claudia to not do that . to not do that that we have maybe do -- before -- jim kurring let 's make a deal . claudia ok . I will tell you everything and you tell I everything and maybe we can get through all the piss and shit and lie that kill other people .... he laugh a bit uncomfortable ... repeat she line ; jim kurring wow ....huh ... " ... piss and shit ... " claudia what ? jim kurring you really use strong language . claudia I be sorry -- jim kurring -- no , no , it 's fine . Fine . claudia I do not mean ... it 's seem vulgar or something , I know -- jim kurring it 's fine . claudia I be sorry . jim kurring ... nothing . I be sorry ... claudia no , I be sorry . I be say I be sorry . I talk like a jerk sometimes -- jim kurring -- well I be a real ... y' know , straight when it come to that ... curse word I just do not use much -- claudia I be sorry . beat . claudia I be gonna run to the bathroom for a minute ... maybe just -- jim kurring ok . claudia ok . she go . hold with he for a moment . CUT to : ext . solomon and solomon electronics - that moment camera be around back with donnie in the buick regal . he park , get out , look around the empty place . camera track with he toward a back load dock area . he put a large hat on he head , to cover he face . he take one of the keys from the key chain and use it to get in a door in back . he enter . CUT to : int . solomon and solomon electronics - that moment donnie in a back corridor . he walk down through some box and assort merchandise towards another door . he pull he hat down some more , move swiftly . he arrive at another door and do a key pad code thing and also use another key from the key chain . another back corridor donnie enter , walk towards Solomon 's office and do another Key pad code and lock thing and enter -- solomon' office donnie enter , take a quick beeline to behind the desk and under the floor , under a rug he kneel down .... donnie' Pov he pull the rug back and there 's a safe . he do the combination and open it up . in the safe . there 's five stack of five thousand dollar for a total of $ 25,000 . in addition , some jewelry and some papers , etc . cu - donnie he start to take the money , put into a plastic shopping bag . CUT to : int . earl be house - that moment Frank and phil stand in the foyer . they be quiet a moment , then : frank so .... phil ....um ... I think I be gonna step in and try and see he and say something if he can ... talk ... I mean : phil ...ok ... frank can you stand ... back ... maybe , I mean ... just a little bit ... in the room be ok , but back from we a little ... phil yeah . Frank walk slowly into the live room and over to Earl 's bedside . he 's hold back he tear . he sit . Earl be eye close , breathe a bit irregular .... hold . frank ... dad ... dad ...hey ... Earl ? he try to wake he a bit , but Earl be not move . frank ...hey ... dad ... dad can you wake up a minute dad ? he turn to phil , cry now , say : frank he 's not waking up . CUT to : int . jimmy house - that moment camera hold cu on Jimmy . rose how many time .... it 's ok ... just say ... just say ... jimmy I do not even remember ...many ...twenty ... maybe more ... not much more ... twenty time . beat . rose I do not hate you , Jimmy . but I have a couple question that I wanna ask .... jimmy I will answer anything . rose be there anyone that I know ? jimmy yes . rose who ? jimmy Rose , I do not -- rose hey . jimmy Paula . ellen . she laugh a bit , roll she eye . jimmy that 's it . rose no one else that I know ? jimmy no . rose how long with ellen ? jimmy just once . rose how long with Paula ? jimmy two year ... three year ... rose what about now ? jimmy it 's over . I talk to she this morning . rose be it over ' cause you be sick ? jimmy it 's over becuase ... for all the the right reason I hope , what I say . rose do you have any child with anyone ? jimmy what ? no , Rose , jesus , no -- rose well maybe . jimmy I do not . rose do you feel better now that you have say this ? jimmy I do not know .... rose I be not mad . I be , but I be not . y'know ? jimmy I love you so much . rose I be not through ask my question . Jimmy laugh a bit , smile . rose why do not Claudia talk to you , Jimmy ? jimmy why , well I think we have , we both do not know ... what do you mean ? rose I think that you know . jimmy maybe ... I do not ... beat . hold . CUT to : ext . ventura blvd . - that moment camera track with a ambulance rush down the street . CUT to : int . lamplighter - that moment through the window , the ambulance pass in the b.g. , head nearby ... and oc we hear the siren throughout scene ; stanley look up at Worm , who 's cry harder now , they make another moment of eye contact . beat , then : worm hi. stanley hi. worm ..sorry ... stanley it 's ok . beat . stanley be you alright ? Worm look up . CUT to : ext . empty parking lot - that moment the ambulance arrive at Linda 's mercede and the paramedics hop out , open the door , call direction and try to speak with she and revive , etc . camera be hand held and move frantically with they ; paramedics ( various ) hello , hello , can you hear we , huh ? stay with we , can you hear I ...etc. etc . angle , across the parking lot . dixon be hide way across the way in the shadow , hide park car , watch the paramedics . all the while he count the money from Linda 's wallet . CUT to : int . billingsley's bathroom - that moment . camera with Claudia , she snort some coke off she hand in the stall . she take a quick look in the mirror , walk out -- CUT to : int . billingsley be - that moment camera track with Claudia as she walk back to the table ... she come up from behind Jim kurring and lean in quick ... kiss he on the cheek and then quickly sit down across from he ; claudia I want to do that . Jim kurring smile , shake a bit . jim kurring well . claudia that feel good to do ... to do what I want to do . jim kurring yeah . claudia can I tell you something ? jim kurring yeah , of course . claudia I be really nervous that you be gonna hate I soon . that you be gonna find stuff out about I and you be gonna hate I -- jim kurring -- no , like what , what do you mean ? claudia you be a police officer . you have so much , so many good thing and you seem so together ... so all straight and put together without problem . jim kurring I lose my gun . claudia what ? jim kurring I lose my gun after I leave you today and I be the laugh stock of a lot of people . I want to tell you that . I want you to know ... and it 's on my mind and it make I look like a fool and I feel like a fool and you ask that we should say thing , that we should say what we be thinknig and not lie about thing and I will tell you that , this : that I lose my gun and I be not a good cop ... and I be look down at ... and I know that .... and I be scared that once you find that out you might not like I . claudia oh my god , Jim . Jim , that be so -- jim kurring I be sorry -- claudia that be so great what you just say . jim kurring I have not be on a date since I be marry and that be three year ago .... and Claudia ... whatever you wanna tell I , whatever you think might scare I , will not ... and I will listen ... I will be a good listener to you if that 's what you want ... and you know , you know ... I will not judge you .... I can do that sometimes , I know , but I will not ... I can ... listen to you and you should not be scared of scare I off or anything that you might think I will think or on and on and just say it and I will listen to you .... claudia you do not how fuckin ' stupid I be . jim kurring it 's ok . claudia you do not know how crazy I be . jim kurring it 's ok . claudia I have get trouble . jim kurring I will take everything at face value . I will be a good listener to you . claudia ohhhh I start this , do not I , do not I , do not I , fuck . jim kurring say what you want and you will see -- claudia wanna kiss I , Jim ? jim kurring yes I do . they lean across the table and kiss each other . camera dolly in super quick as they lip touch . CUT to : int . solomon and solomon elctronics - that moment donnie finish take the money from the safe .... ... donnie walk back one of the corridor and head through a door ... ( again use the key and code ) .... ... donnie enter into the warehouse area and head for the door to outside .... ... he put the key into the lock and open the door .... but he take a small stumble back and the key chain that 's attach to he belt get stick , cause he to fall back , down and to the ground ... with the key snapping off in the lock .... .. the door be about to shut on he but he stop it with he foot .... he get up , grab the money ... leave with the break key still leave in the lock ... CUT to : ext . solomon and solomon parking lot - that moment donnie get in the buick regal and drive away . CUT to : ext . empty parking lot / linda' mercede - that moment camera ( hand held ) be in the middle of the paramedics deal with Linda .... they find the pill bottle ... they put she on a gurney ... they search for id , come up only with the registration for the car and some papers in the glove box .... they get she into the ambulance .... CUT to : int . lamplighter - that moment stanley finish he cookie . Worm , sit across from he start to cry a little , very quietly . he hide it best he can . stanley look up here and there from he book . they make another moment of eye contact then : worm hi. stanley hi. worm ..sorry ... stanley it 's ok . beat . stanley be you alright ? Worm look up . CUT to : int . jimmy house - that moment Jimmy and Rose . hold . then : rose ... say it , Jimmy ... jimmy do you know the answer to this ? rose I be ask you . I be ask you if you know why clauida will not speak to you .... please , Jimmy .... tell I . jimmy I think that she think I may have molest she . Rose do not flinch . jimmy she think terrible thing that somehow get in she head ... that I might have do something . she say that to I last time ... when it be ... ten year ago she walk out the door , " you touch I wrong ... " " I know that . " some crazy think in she , in she head ... rose do you ever touch she ? jimmy ... no .... hold . beat . Rose ask again ; rose Jimmy , do you touch she ? jimmy I do not know . Rose start to cry a bit . so do Jimmy . rose ... Jimmy ... jimmy I really do not know . rose but you can not say .... jimmy I do not know what I have do . rose yes you do .... you do and you will not say . jimmy ... I do not know ... she stand up and walk to a small table and get she car key and she jacket .... jimmy what ...? ...no ... no , please ... she stand above he . rose you deserve to die alone for what you have do . jimmy I do not know what I have do . rose yes you do . jimmy stay here , please do not leave I , please , please , if I say I know would you stay ? rose no . jimmy I do not know what I have do . rose you should know better . she leave . CUT to : int . billingsley be - that moment camera cu on Claudia as she pull back from the kiss . hold . she start to cry .... through she tear , then : claudia .... now that I have meet you .... would you object to never see I again ? cu . jim jim kurring what ? claudia just say no . jim kurring I will not say , no , wait , Claudia -- ecu - the two of they . tight , tight 2 - shot . she get up and walk out , he follow -- grab she arm and she whisper , forcefully : claudia let I go , leave I , let I go , it 's ok , please . jim kurring please , what be it , please -- claudia just let I walk out , ok ? she leave in tear . he watch she walk . CUT to : ext . ventura blvd . - that moment camera be travel with the paramedics who be drive real fast . they approach a red light at a intersection .... .... they breeze through it , but the camera pan and move over to donnie 's buick regal that 's stop at the intersection .... camera move into a cu of he behind the wheel . he 's panice . hold . donnie what be I do ? what be I do ? what the fuck be I do ? donnie look at the large bag of money in the passenger 's seat next to he ... he panic same more ... donnie what the fuck am I do ? wide angle , that moment donnie 's buick regal make a u-turn and head back the direction it come --- CUT to : int . earl be house - that moment Frank and Earl . Earl open he eye a bit . frank dad ...dad it 's I ... it 's Frank ... it 's Jack .... it 's Jack .... dad .... Earl can barely make it but he touch Frank .... Frank hold he dad 's hand .... phil step up closer .... frank I be here . I be here now . what do you want ? do you want anything ? phil I do not think , he can not ... frank ... just wait ... dad ... you want something ... can you say ... earl .....fuck...fuck...fuck ... Earl be in pain and he hallucination make he a bit angry . earl ... thismssm .... frank oh , dad . it 's ok. jesus. ok . it 's ok ... I be here with you now , please . i be sorry ... it 's ok . alright ..ok . CUT to : ext . ventura blvd - that moment camera with the buick regal . it move past camera , which pan and dolly over to -- the lamplighter coffee shop . look inside , through the window to see stanley and Worm , sit talk ... camera goe inside the lamplighter coffee shop . quick dissolve to : int . lamplighter - that moment Worm be in tear , talk to stanley . slow zoom in . worm .... you have it ... easy .... you know ? you have a father who love you , huh ? stanley yes . worm you know what it 's like to come home scared , scared that maybe if you do not have the money you be suppose to go out each day and get that you be gonna get beat .... by a belt ... he hit I with a belt , stanley .... ( beat ) I be suppose to sell that candy bar , and if I do not , I come home without the money .... stanley .... why do he do it ...? worm Cause he hate I .... he hate I so much . stanley it 's not right . worm I hate it . cu - Worm . he hesitates ... look at stanley and say : worm I be sorry to put all this on you , stanley -- stanley I have money . worm ... what ...? stanley I have money to give you . worm no . no . I have to do this on my own . stanley I can take you to get money . I do not need it ... I do not need it -- listen to I : I can let you have money so you father will not hit you ever again -- you will have the money because I do not need it . camera push in a little on Worm , he look up . 3ufp . worm where do you have it ? camera hold 2 - shot , look out the window onto the street . we push past they and through the window , pick up with a yellow cab as it drive by , pan with it .... quick dissolve to : ext . ventura blvd . - that moment camera travel with the cab for a moment or two ... camera go inside the cab .... quick dissolve to : int . cab - moving - that moment camera be in the back with claudia . she slouches down . she 's still cry ... she snort some coke off she hand .... CUT to : ext . ventura blvd . - that moment camera move with the cab a bit .... it make a right hand turn and the camera pan and dolly away , over towards a jaguar stop at the intersection .... it 's make a leave turn at the intersection , go the same way as the cab do .... we push in close and land to see rose behind the wheel .... she 's in tear .... Light turn from red to GREEN . CUT to : int . jimmy house - that moment Jimmy , without a real trace of coordination walk from the live room and into the kitchen he move to a drawer and remove a revolver . his hand be shaking and he hand / eye coordination make it very hard to grasp hold , but he finally do .... he 's shaking and tear .... CUT to : ext . billingsley's parking lot - that moment camera track with Jim kurring to he car . he get behind the wheel . CUT to : ext . intersection - moment later camera overhead as Jim kurring 's car drive past the magnolia / tujunga intersection .... CUT to : int . jim kurring be car - moving - that moment cu - Jim kurring drive . hold . he drive past Solomon and Solomon electronics ..... jim be Pov - that moment - moving he see the park buick regal and donnie ( in shadow ) get out and head for the back door .... cu - kurring . he register what he see . CUT to : ext . solomon and solomon / loading dock area - that moment camera move with donnie over to the back door ... he reach down to he key chain and see : the broken key .... it 's snap off the key chain .... one half remain .... the other half be on the other side of the door in the lock .... donnie fuck . CUT to : int . jim kurring be car - that moment sequence J Jim kurring drive a few more foot .... slow down ... then start to make a u-turn to go back to the store .... jim be Pov - moving - through the windhsield . the car start to turn 180 degree ...... as soon as it be head go back the opposite direction .... ........ crack ........ from the sky , out of the blue , a large GREEN frog land on Jim kurring 's windhsield . cu - Jim kurring . scare shitless . Pov - another GREEN frog slam on the hood of the car . cu - brake . Jim 's foot slam on the brake . CUT to : ext . magnolia blvd . - that moment camera hold a wide angle as Jim kurring 's car slam and skid to a stop in the middle of the empty STREET . closer angle , push in on the driver' side window . Jim be scared and sweat ..... he look up , out the driver 's side window .... jim be Pov - looking straight up . it 's dark and empty sky ..... .... hold on he .... he look at the frog that have land on the windshield .... it 's dead and splatter ..... suddenly : the SOUND of another frog falling from the sky and slamming on the roof of the car . Jim jump ..... look up again .... .... from straight out of the sky come another frog fall directly into the camera .... it splat .... ... then another and another and another ..... wide angle . the STREET . it start to rain frog in the middle of magnolia Blvd . CUT to : int . claudia' apartment cu - Claudia snort a line of coke off she coffee table . she come up and into frame . outside the window , behind she .... ...a frog fall straight past ..... she hear the sound and turn around .... see nothing ... cu - profile on clauida .... through the other window ... another frog fall past , through the tree outside on it 's way down ..... she turn she head again see nothing .... beat . another frog fall ... she look ... she walk to the window .... ..... a dozen frog fall in very quick succesion ..... she jump back from the window ... stumble a bit ... knock over a lamp , which smashes to the floor ..... she apartment go dark .... except for street light ... more frog fall and we hear the sound and see they through the window in glimpsis ..... CUT to : ext . claudia' apartment / STREET - that moment the frog be fall sort of heavy now .... Rose 's jaguar come through it .... skid and smashes into a parked car .... camera dolly over to she .... she look up at they .... they fall straight into camera and onto the hood , windshield and roof .... .. Rose put the jaguar in reverse and try to back away from the smashed park car ..... the bumper 's be stick .... CUT to : int . earl be house - that moment the camera hold on Earl and Frank . Frank have he head bury in Earl 's bed hold he hand , cry .... it 's very quiet .... cu - phil . he 's cry a bit stand off to the side . he look out the window 's and the glass door and see the frog come raining down . his mouth drop and he can not speak . Frank do not notice . the frog fall in the backyard and into the pool . phil there be frog fall from the sky . CUT to : ext . whitsett / NORTH hollywood mo . CENTER - that moment the paramedics be drive real fast down the street ..... CUT to : int . ambulance - moving - that moment Linda be on life support stuff in the ambulance . look past she , we see the view of the road through the windshield -- the amubulance driver go real fast and just about to pull into the hospital emergency entrance .... frog start pelting the windshield ..... the driver swerve ... CUT to : ext . STREET / ambulance - that moment a wide angle where we see the frog fall onto the move , swerving ambulance .... one frog land so hard on top of the red light on the ambulance that it crack .... ... the frog in the middle of the road start to act as a lubricant on the already wet / damp street and the ambulance start to skid sideways .... ... it fall on it's side . CUT to : int . ambulance - Pov as it fall on it 's side and skid a bit .... over the frog ... CUT to : ext . emergency room entrance - that moment ambulance skid right up to the emergency room entrance . CUT to : int . jimmy house - kitchen - that moment Jimmy with the revolver to he head ... he cock it back ... intercut : ext . sky / int . house - that moment camera above Jimmy 's house , look straight down and moving towards a skylight above the kitchen ... a frog enter frame , fall straight towards this skylight -- Inside the house , Jimmy about to pull the trigger ... SOUND drop out . the fall frog come straight through the skylight , smashing through .... ... fall straight down onto Jimmy 's head .... the gun goe off wildly ..... smashes the television ....... Jimmy fall to the ground .... glass fall from the break skylight .... ... more frog continue to fall through it and into the kitchen and around Jimmy ..... ... the bullet into television have spark something and the socket it 's plugge into catch FIRE ..... cu - inside the wall , near the socket . camera move in and see some spark and flash and FIRE start .... CUT to : ext . solomon and solomon electronics - that moment donnie start to climb up a ladder attach to the side of the building .... near the load dock area .... CUT to : ext . STREET nearby - that moment Jim kurring be in the middle of the frog rain ... he put he car into gear and drive down the street .... .... about twenty yard later and he 's out of it .... ...he pull into the parking lot behind Solomon and Solomon ..... it 's not raining frog here ..... kurring 's headlight catch a glimpse of donnie start to climb ... ... donnie get scared and freeze .... ... kurring be oblivious to donnie for the moment . he look in he rearview mirror and see the frog falling .... ... donnie look past kurring and now see the frog falling in a 50 x 50 area in the street .... ... donnie look up ... .... frog be falling staight at he / camera and they knock he down and to the cement ..... he fall flat on he face ... ... Jim kurring turn he head and see donnie , fall flat face and bloody on the pavement .... he get out of he car and run over to donnie , through the frog that rain down , and pick he / drag he out of harm and under shelter in the loading dock area . CUT to : int . claudia' apartment - that moment camera ( steadicam ) follow rose as she run up the stair to Claudia 's place and frantically bang on the door ... Inside the apartment , Claudia jump and scream at the sound .... rose honey , honey , claudia . it be me. it's mom . mom . OPEN the door . OPEN you door honey . Claudia jump up and go to she door in the darkness and open it up -- Rose come in quick , scared shitless ... they fall down and hold onto each other , sweatin / cry / shaking .... CUT to : int . earl be house - that moment Frank lift he head and watch the frog fall outside the house . Earl look to Frank .... he muster something ... Frank notice .... all SOUND drop out except for the breathe of Frank and Earl . earl you be not what you think you be . Frank break down . CUT to : int . lamplighter - that moment stanley and Worm . camera hold as all around ... through the glass window ... it rain frog .... smash to the ground ..... hit a couple odd park car ... they sit , watch , stunne ... in a sort of daze . stanley seem almost happy . Worm shocked , scar ; worm what be that ? stanley it 's frog . it 's raining frog . worm ... fuck you mean , it 's raining frog ? stanley it 's raining frog from the sky . worm .... what the fuck , what the fuck .... stanley this happen .... this be something that happen . worm what the fuck be goin ' on , what the fuck be go on ? cu - stanley . hold on he face extremely tight . in the reflection of he eye , we see the frog fall .... past the neon sign that read " Fresh coffee . " angle , dixon . he come run into the lamplighter and over to Worm and stanley .... he 's scar shitless and frantic -- dixon daddy ! dad ! dad what the hell be goin ' on ? worm stay quiet ... stay quiet , son -- dixon let' go , let' go , let' get he money and go -- did you get he money ? did you get it ? did you get he money , dad ? worm no , Son ... be quiet ... be quiet now ... dixon c'mon , dad . we gotta just get he money and go , let' go . let 's get the money -- worm we be not gonna do that now . we be not gonna do that now and that 's over . dixon bullshit . bullshit , dad we need to get he money and go . dixon take out a large police issued revolver , aim at stanley' face . dixon give US you money man . worm Son , do not -- dixon bullshit , bullshit dad we gotta get he money -- worm -- no . dixon ( to stanley ) give US you money . worm put the gun down , please , boy . dixon give US you money , kid . worm Son , please , now .... dixon dad -- worm please , boy , put it down and it 's ok . dixon start to get nervous and well with tear ... he shake a little .... worm it 's ok -- dixon we gotta get he money so we can get outta here -- we gotta -- worm that idea be over now . we be not gonna do that now . dixon start cry and shaking and back away -- dixon daddy , fuck , daddy , don't get mad at I . don't get mad at I -- ( to stanley ) just gimme you money . worm I be not mad , son , I will not be mad at you and it 's ok and please put it down and I will not be mad and I will not -- dixon dad . dixon start to lower the gun a bit , cry and shaking .... he lower the gun and hand it over to he Father .... dixon be sort of flinching .... the possibility that he Father may strike he ... ... stanley be freeze ... dixon be hyperventilate .... dixon I - just - think - that - I - do not want - I - do not - I - do not - worm it 's ok , boy . hold . que . " bein Green , " by Kermit the frog / aimee CUT to : ext . lamplighter / ventura blvd . - that moment sequence k camera hold a wide angle on the lamplighter coffee shop . frog fall from sky onto and around the street .... CUT to : ext . the sky - that moment camera up with the falling frog .... camera be move down with they ... it become almost musical .... like busby -berkely -style coreography of frog that fall in the Sky ... music / kermit the frog " it 's not that easy bein ' green ... have to spend each day the color of the leave ... " carry over CUT to : int . jimmy house - that moment it be on FIRE now .... cu image of Jimmy on the floor of the kitchen with shard of glass around he ... and frog ... a few of they still alive and jump around ... the FIRE move closer and closer ... CUT to : ext . solomon and solomon / loading dock area - that moment Jim kurring and donnie underneath the shelter area . donnie 's mouth be full of blood and he teeth be broken ... donnie my teeff ... my teeef .... jim kurring you're ok ... you be gonna be ok .... CUT to : int . claudia' apartment - that moment Claudia cry to she Mom . Rose hold she and they rock back and forth .... Claudia cry loud and over and over -- " mommy ...mommy ...mom . " Rose calming she and petting she head , " it 's ok . " CUT to : int . emergency room - that moment camera be with Linda and doctor as they pump her stomach . follow the process and get to point where it 's clear that she be go to make it , she will not die . CUT to : int . earl be house - that moment camera with Frank and Earl and phil . Earl 's last couple of breath be short and quick ... short and quick ... short and quick ... and then he die ..... he eye be open ..... CUT to : ext . sky - that moment camera move down straight towards the ground ... towards the magnolia intersection with a large frog .... right before it hit the pavement -- CUT to black . title Card read : so now then - replay lumiere footage from the open of " Three Men hung " Green , Berry and Hill . - replay delmer darion in the tree and get lift out of the water . - replay Sydney barringer jump from building narrator and there be the account of the hang of three man .... and a scuba diver and a suicide ..... CUT to : int . earl be house - dawn the door be open by phil and two mortuary men in suit nod they head . phil let they in . narrator there be storey of coincidence and chance and intersection and strange thing tell and which be which and who only know ... CUT to : int . earl be house - live room - that moment Frank and phil watch Earl get cover in a sheet and put on a stretcher . camera move around and find the morphine dog place on a stretcher , cover in a sheet . hold cu on phil and then Frank . narrator ... and we generally say , " well if that be in movie I would not believe it . " angle , in the kitchen , moment later phil enter and answer the phone , " ...hello ...oh no ...yes , yes ... " phil look to Frank -- CUT to : int . hospital - dawn camera look down the long emergency room corridor as the door open and Frank enter and move to the reception desk , ask some information -- camera pan off he , and over to a room , look through the door jam onto Linda in bed . her eye a bit open , respiratory equipment attach to she . a doctor stand over she , calmly ask question ; doctor be you with we ? Linda ? be it Linda ? she nod she head . Doctor continue talk , etc . Frank , from behind enter frame and stand off nearby . match to dixon be face over CUT to : narrator someone 's so and so meet someone else 's so and so and so on -- ext . empty parking lot area - dawn cu - dixon as he get into the old beat up car with Worm . they call pull away and drive off . dixon look at Linda 's mercede which be still park way across the lot -- they exit frame . CUT to : ext . magnolia - dawn Worm 's car drive down the street . long lens . angle , at the car , dixon lean up and out the window a bit .... he 's get the gun wrap in newspaper , take the fingerprint from the gun .... he throw the police issued weapon from the speed car ... CUT to : int . lamplighter - dawn stanley sit in the back of a squad car .... a officer watch he ... probably suppose to be comforting he , but instead drink coffee , chate with other officer question the coffee shop employee -- narrator and it be in the humble opinion of this narrator that this strange thing happen all the time .... stanley get out of the car and walk away , out of sight of all the officer 's and people around ... he just walk down the street .... CUT to : int . spector house - rick's bedroom - dawn stanley enter Rick 's bedroom . Rick be asleep . stanley dad ... dad . Rick open he eye , but do not move . stanley you have to be nicer to I , dad . rick go to bed . stanley I think that you have to be nicer to I . rick go to bed . stanley exit . CUT to : ext . jimmy house - dawn camera with Fire truck and County coroner people . a body bag and a stretcher carry jimmy body come out of the house . narrator ... and so it go and so it go and the book say , " we may be through with the past , but the past be not through with we . " CUT to : int . police station - marcie marcie look down at the table in front of she , tape recorder and microphone in front of she , ( and all that go along with full confession / etc . ) marcie I kill he . I kill my husband . he hit my son and he hit my grandson and I hit he . I hit he with the ashtray and he be knock out and I kill he , I strangle he . I strangle my husband to protect my boy . I protect my boy . CUT to : ext . solomon and solomon - dawn Jim kurring and donnie sit together at the load dock . donnie , mouth full of blood , hold a kleenex to it , cry a bit . kurring listen . hold . donnie I know that I do a thtupid thing . tho-thtupid ... get brathes ... I think ... I think that he would love I . ... get brathes , for what ... for thumthing I do not even ... i do not know where to put thing , y'know ? kurring hold he look , nod . donnie really break tear , look up ; donnie I really do hath love to give , I juth do not know where to put it -- camera hold the 2 - shot on they , beat , then : the Police issue revolver fall from the sky and land about fifteen foot in front of they . Jim kurring and donnie look . hold . cu - Jim kurring . CUT to : int . solomon and solomon electronics - that moment donnie and Jim kurring walk inside the store , towards the office -- jim kurring ... this security system can be a real joke . I mean , a frog fall from the sky and land on the x - 4 box 'round back and open all the door ? triggers a siutation ? you do not know who could be drive by at any moment , walk in and rob the place -- I be you I would talk to you boss about a new security system -- donnie .... ohh - thur-I -thur-thill .... jim kurring you guy make alotta money , huh ? CUT to : int . solomon and solomon - office - moment later donnie put the money back in the floor safe . cu . donnie . jim kurring ( oc ) I get a buddy a mine down at the mo . center , he would probably do quite a deal on a set of denture , you be interested in that . he 's in training , you know he 's not a dentist yet , but he 's real good at corrective oral surgery from what I understand ... land ecu . donnie . he smile a little bit . CUT to : ext . solomon and solomon - that moment Wide angle , donnie and Jim kurring shake hand and part way , get into they car . a few word more about , " call I up for that guy number and he will help you out with the tooth . " donnie get in he car . camera stay with Jim kurring who walk over to he car and get behind the wheel . camera hold on he . he do a little " cop " talk to himself . jim kurring ... alot of people think this be just a job that you go to ..... take a lunch hour , the job over , something like that . but ... it 's a 24 hour deal ... no two way about it .... and what most people do not see : just how hard it be to do the right thing. ( beat ) people think if I make a judgment call that it 's a judgment on they ... but that 's not what I do and that 's not what should be do ... I have to take everything and play it as it lay . sometimes people need a little help . sometimes people need to be forgiven and sometimes they need to go to jail . and that 's a very tricky thing on my part ... make that call ... the law be the law and heck if I be gonna break it ... but you can forgive someone ....? well , that 's the tough part .... what do we forgive ? tough part of the job ..... tough part of walk down the street ... camera stay with he and hold as he put the car into gear and drive away .... hold with he as he drive ... he start to cry a little bit to himself . CUT to : int . claudia' apartment - that moment camera hold on Claudia . she 's sit up in bed , cover around she , stare into space .... a song play .... for a very , very long time she do not move until she look up and see someone enter she bedroom ....a figure from the back enter frame and walk in and sit on the edge of the bed .... from the back it be clear that it 's Jim kurring . she tear a bit and look at he ... hold .... she turn she eye from he and look into the camera and smile . CUT to black . end .