" major league " screenplay by David S. Ward shoot draft fade in : title appear on black b.g. title end and we widen to reveal that the black b.g. be actually the sludge- clogge surface of the Cuyahoga River . we tilt up from the river to reveal the city of Cleveland , then follow with a series of shot of Cleveland landmark . int . the injun diner - day Three man in Cleveland indian baseball cap sit at the counter . bobby jame , 22 - year- old grad student , VIC bolito , 30 - year - old telephone worker , and johnny wynn , 45 - year - old house painter . thelma gordon , 65 - year- old waitress , deliver they breakfast . thelma spring training start the twelfth . how do you think the Indians will do this year ? VIC they do not look too good . the other two shake they head in contemplation of this sorry fact . int . men' club - day a 45 - year-old business executive be talk to a fellow club member over lunch . business executive they do not look particularly good , do they ? ext . cleveland dock - day two longshoremen be talk while they unload a freighter . longshoremen I will tell ya . they do not look very fuckin ' good . ext . cleveland municipal stadium - day down on the field , two korean groundskeepers speak Korean as they resod the outfield . groundskeeper ( in subtitles ) they be shitty . we tilt up from the field to a glass - enclose area on the third deck . int . glass -enclosed area - day it 's the Cleveland Indians ' conference room . Three man be seat around the table ; charlie donovan . the manager , phil butler , public relation head , jerry simmon , operation director and lyle matthews director of player personnel donovan tap he pencil impatiently , obviously wait for somebody . donovan ( check he watch ) thirty minute late . think she will show ? matthews she 's get to . she 's the damn owner now . donovan she do not last week . she be have a guava facial . as butler try to figure out what a guava facial be , the conference room door swing open and a muscular male secretary - bodyguard enter , clear the way for mrs . rachel phelp , a flashy , strike woman in she early forty . despite the designer clothes she favor , there be the hint of something less refine about she . she carry a pekinese dog , cha - cha on she leave hip . rachel good morning , gentleman . welcome to another season of Indians ' baseball . the man applaud , but they heart be barely in it . the Secretary - bodyguard pull out a chair at the head of the table and Rachel sit . rachel I know that it may not seem the same without Donald here this year , but I promise you by the end of the season this team will have make history . several eye roll up around the room . rachel ( pick up a newspaper ) unfortunately there be some in the press who feel that ... ( read from the page ) " the ex-showgirl wife of Donald phelps have no business be the owner of a major league baseball team . " Rachel crumble the paper and throw it away . rachel obviously , Donald do not feel that way or he would not have leave the team to I . and I be more than showgirl . I be a dancer . now , I know some of you have doubt about my ability to run this franchise . God help you if I ever find out about it . this cause a few nervous glance in the room . rachel spring training begin in two week . ( throw a sheet of paper on the table ) here 's the list of people we will be invite to camp this year . donovan , butler and simmon pour over the list . rachel I could sit here and tell you what a great year we be gonna have , but the fact be we lose the two best player we have to free agency . we have not win a pennant in 30 year . we have not even finish in the first division for 15 . obviously it 's time to make some change . what do ya think ? simmon I never hear of half this guy . and the one I do know be way past they prime . donovan most of this guy never have a prime . butler ( point to the sheet ) this guy here be dead . rachel Cross he off then . butler ( under he breath ) let 's not be hasty . rachel it 's time to shake thing up , Charlie . clear the board and start over . donovan well , it 's not the best material I have ever have to work with , but I will do my best to see we move up a notch this year . rachel I know you will , Charlie . that 's why I be movin ' you up to General manager . congratulation . Rachel stick out she hand . donovan shake it somewhat feebly , bewilder by this whole development . rachel well , that should do it for today . thank you , gentleman . let 's get to work . with that , Rachel get up and breeze out of the room with she entourage , leave donovan and the other dumbfounded . matthews ( check he watch ) one minute , 58 second . int . donovan' new office - day donovan , carry a boxful of belonging under each arm , push open the door of he new office and walk inside . the basic outfit be masculine enough , but the room be full of feminine little accent ; flower in vase , porcelain desk accessory etc . donovan be slightly overwhelm . suddenly , there 's a voice at the door . body - builder assistant Mr. donovan , Mrs. phelps would like to see you . omit sequence omit from original script . int . rachel be office - day donovan be ushere in by Rachel 's male Secretary . donovan carry he player roster with he . int . rachel be office - day cont rachel come on in , Charlie . have a seat . donovan I be glad you call I in . I be still unclear on a couple thing rachel oh , really ? like what ? donovan well , if I be the g.m. , who 's gonna be the manager ? rachel I be think of Lou Brown . donovan Lou Brown ? rachel he 's manage the Toledo mud hen of the International League for the last 30 year . this be hardly a impressive credential to donovan . rachel I think he will fit right in with we team concept . donovan what exactly be we team concept ? rachel that 's what I want to talk to you about . I want to put together a team that will help we relocate to Miami . donovan what do you mean ? ( refer to the roster ) some of this guy be furniture mover ? rachel I be serious about this , Charlie . it 's no secret I have never like Cleveland much . the weather 's lousy , downtown be a pit , the stadium 's fall apart , and we can not draw dick . another couple of year of this and I be gonna have to start feed cha - cha dog food . Rachel bend down to give she dog , cha - cha , a little love pat , while donovan try to contain he disgust . donovan Mrs. phelps , you can not just up and move a team on a whim ... rachel it 's hardly a whim . Miami 's offer to build we a new stadium -- 62,000 capacity , 45 v.i.p. box , and no rent for the first million at the gate . plus a 12 million dollar media guarantee ; 45 percent of the concession gross , all of the parking and they pick up the stadium operation cost . no other franchise in baseball can match that deal . donovan even so , the League will never let we leave Cleveland . we get a lease with the city . rachel the lease say we have the right to move if we attendance fall below 800,000 for the year . ( push across a copy of the lease ) paragraph 40 , line 17 . donovan look at it , the paragraph highlight in yellow . rachel if we play bad enough , we should be able to come in under that . donovan what be you say ? you want we to lose ? rachel no , we have be lose . what I want we to do be finish dead last . donovan be stunne . he cast around helplessly for some response . donovan mister phelps would never have approve of this . rachel he know it have to be do . he just do not have the courage to do it . ( with veile menace ) hopefully , you will come to see the wisdom of it . ( pause ) if this team life up to its potential , we could have the worst record in all baseball . on donovan 's sink face , we go to : ext . shabby mexican HOTEL - morning on a stretch of desert mexican highway . over we hear a telephone ring . int . motel room - morning the room be a total mess . the back door be off its hinge and a few chicken have wander in . as they peck around the debris , we pan the room , take in beer can , food wrapper and finally a trail of hastily discard clothes , both male and female . we reach the bed and find we hero , jake taylor , 35 , and with a couple day growth of stubble , pass out on he face . sprawle across he asleep be a mexican woman in she late twenty . she 's not great look , but at least she 's overweight . Taylor 's hand fumble to the ringing telephone . taylor yeh . it 's Charlie donovan call from he office in Cleveland . we CUT back and forth between the two as we will in subsequent phone scene . donovan hello , Jake ? this be Charlie donovan , new g.m. of the Cleveland Indians . taylor ( skeptical ) yeh ... donovan I want to call and say the organization remember you fondly from the year you play here and we would love to have you come to spring training for a shot at this year 's club . taylor who be this ? donovan what ? taylor be that you , tolbert ? this be not very funny , ya know . I be hang over . my knee be killin ' I . if you be gonna pull this shit , you could have at least say you be from the yankee . Taylor struggle to get a look up at the girl on top of he . taylor ( still to donovan ) by the way , you be with I last night . who 's this girl on top of I ? donovan be baffle by this whole line of conversation . taylor tolbert ? tolbert ? screw it . Taylor hang up , leave donovan stare into he phone . Taylor look up to see tolbert stand in the doorway . taylor tolbert . tolbert who the hell be you talkin ' to ? on Taylor 's reaction , we ... CUT to : int . toledo tire store - day we pick up lou brown , a portly man in he early fifty , make he way to he glass - partition office . secretary line three and four be wait for you , Mr. Brown . one guy about the tr - 70' . brown ( pick up the phone ) Tire World . donovan Lou ? this be Charlie donovan , the new g.m. of the Cleveland Indians . listen , Lou , I hope you be sittin ' down ' cause I get a offer you probably be dreamin ' about you whole life . we be watchin ' you progress down there at Toledo with a lotta interest and well ... ( a dramatic pause ) how would you like to manage the Indians this year ? for a moment there 's silence on the line , then : brown I do not know ... donovan ( incredulous ) what do ya mean you do not know ? this be a chance to manage in the big league . brown lemme think it over , will ya , Charlie . I get a guy on the other line about some whitewalls . I will talk to ya later . Brown click off . donovan put he head down on he desk . int . charlie donovan' office - day donovan 's on the phone to another player . donovan Rick , we hear about you pitching out at Portland last year ... ricky vaughn good-look , muscular , 19 - year-old . sleeveless black T-shirt . talk on a wall phone in a nondescript room . vaughn I be , ah , not with they anymore ... Vaughn have be work , sweat slightly . he take off he cap to mop he brow -- revealing a radical haircut with pigtail . he sport a ring in he leave ear . donovan we would still like to take a look at ya at we spring camp in Arizona , March first . long shot - vaughn in the b.g. , Vaughn be on the phone . in the f.g. , we see security bar . Vaughn 's in a youth Authority prison . vaughn yeh , well , I be not sure I can make it by then . donovan do not worry , we be gettin ' you out on a sort of work furlough deal . any question ? vaughn yeh . where 's Cleveland ? int . donovan' office - day on the speaker again to Lou Brown . Rachel watch , impatient for he to close the deal . donovan look , Lou , you be in baseball thirty year . do not you wanna advance some ? brown ( eat a sack lunch ) I use to coach the unwed mother ' softball team . I have advanced some . Rachel rub she finger together , make the money sign to donovan . donovan well , what be you really worried about ? the money ? brown naw , I be just not sure I would be happy in a big organization like that . owner be always on you back , tryin ' to " help you out . " donovan I do not think that 's gonna be a problem . brown down here baseball 's a game , not a business . I do not wanta be a babysitter for a buncha millionaire who think they know it all already . donovan we do not have any millionaire . brown well then , bonus baby or whatever you get ... donovan do not have any bonus baby either . brown do not you have any prove major league talent ? donovan ( embarrassed ) not that I know of . brown well , then ... I will be up in a couple day . donovan what ? brown sound like my kinda team . have my contract ready . Brown hang up . donovan ( to the other ) guess I really put the screw to he . ext . mexican league ball park - day this one 's a dandy . the leave field wall be a 20 - foot high , solid granite outcropping . a final out be make and the team change over . taylor return to the dugout at the end of the inning , wonder what the hell he 's doin ' here . manager Taylor , telephone for you . Taylor go to the phone in the clubhouse tunnel . taylor hello . donovan Jake , Charlie donovan again . taylor oh yeh , Charlie , look , I be sorry about this morning ... donovan no problem . look , Jake , camp start on the first . can you make it ? taylor sure . donovan you be stayin ' in shape down there ? taylor oh hell , yeh , I work out every day . donovan I think so . see ya in Arizona . donovan hang up . Taylor shoot a fist in the air , and we ... CUT to : taylor approach he manager . manager let 's go , Taylor . you be up . taylor Luis , I be not gonna be playin ' anymore . I get a tryout in the States . manager Fine . leave you uniform . taylor but I change at the motel . manager leave you uniform . taylor come out of the stadium , he bat and glove over he shoulder . he have on he spike and a pair of boxer short . int . beat - up mexican bus - day Taylor sit in the back seat . he have six Coke bottle fill with sand strapped to he ankle . he lift he leg up and down to strengthen he muscle . omit sequence omit from original script . ext . indian ' training camp practice field - day donovan , Brown and two of he coaches , pepper leach ( pitching ) and duke temple ( hit ) be on the field , witness the arrival of they " troops . " first to arrive be : taylor he get out of a taxi and go to the trunk to get he bat and luggage . donovan this look like Jake Taylor . Brown turn around from a conversation with Temple . brown he be a allstar in Boston , be not he ? donovan yeh . pepper wish we have he two year ago . donovan we do . pepper four year ago then . int . player' barracks - day like a Army barrack . row of bunk bed seperate by locker . Taylor walk in with Temple , the hit instructor . taylor what happen to the private room ? temple we be on a austerity program . this be what happen when you finish 24 game out . brown , pepper , temple and donovan back at the field , supervise the arrival of more player . the first be a tall , muscular Latin , pedro cerrano , dress in black from head to toe . he arrive on foot , carry a black suitcase and pull a black bat case on wheel . he look like a gunfighter come into dodge . brown who 's that ? donovan I think it 's cerrano . defected from Cuba . want religious freedom . brown what 's he religion ? donovan voodoo . black and tan rolls-royce pull into the parking lot . out step rodger dorn , high - priced third baseman . Brown eye he with vague disapproval . brown think you do not have any high - priced talent . donovan ( sheepish ) I forget about dorn , ' cause he 's only high - priced . get he as a free agent three year ago . brown still hit the ball pretty well , do not he ? donovan yeh , he just can not field it . dorn pull he golf club out of the car . brown we will shape he up . willie haye a 22 - year- old black , pull up in a ' 72 vw beetle which he 's get a cadillac grille on . he step out in he shade and sharkskin suit . donovan do not recognize this guy . haye stroll up and introduce himself . haye say hey , Willie may haye here . I play like may and run like haye . brown Lou Brown . Nice to meet ya , haye . haye thanks . well , I gotta get my stuff ... haye hustle off toward he car . donovan I do not remember a haye on the list . a motorcycle pull to a stop in the lot , diverting everyone 's attention from haye . off step ricky Vaughn , a hefty bag over he shoulder . he 's still sport he radical do . pepper look at this fuckin ' guy . temple maybe he 's the mascot . donovan be speechless . Brown break into a small smile . yes , sir , this be he kinda team . int . player ' barracks Taylor be put he stuff away in a locker . Vaughn enter the barrack and immediately draw the attention of dorn . dorn hey , what do we have here ? guy look like a fuckin ' toilet brush . hey , t.b. , I love you pony tail . and the earring 's cute too . where 's the match bracelet ? Vaughn whip a hard glance at dorn , but keep on walk , make he way along the bunk look for he assign bed . it 's the one above Taylor . Vaughn unload he duffel bag in silence . taylor ( offer he hand ) Jake Taylor . Vaughn shake it and nod . say nothing . taylor so , you just gonna settle for toilet brush , or you get another name ? vaughn Vaughn . Rick Vaughn . taylor forget about dorn . he 's always a little tough on rookie . you will get a lot worse from other team . the conversation be interrupt by the arrival of haye . haye say hey ! how ya doin ' ? Willie may haye here . taylor Jake Taylor . ( point to Vaughn ) Rick Vaughn . haye do not quite know what to make of Vaughn . haye what the hell league you be playin ' in ? vaughn California penal . haye never hear of it . how would you wind up playin ' there ? vaughn I steal a car . on haye ' look , we ... CUT to : int . the barracks - night it 's dark . everyone 's asleep . Three security guard with flashlight come down to the top bunk where haye be sleep . guard this guy be not invite to camp . they lift the bunk out of its slot and carry it out the door , haye still asleep on it . int . locker room - morning the player be dress out in they uniform for the first day of practice . Vaughn go in he locker and find that a slit have be cut in the back of he cap to accommodate he pigtail . suppress laugh be hear from several corner of the locker room . int . clubhouse - morning Brown be address he troops before the first workout . brown welcome to spring train , gentleman . most manager tell you at this time that all the job be open , that nobody 's a lock at any position , and that talent be not everything . they would rather see desire and discipline in a player . then they tell you that most of all they want you to have fun out there , even though they be gonna work you ass off on fundamentals and condition you till you drop . the difference between I and that other manager be ... ( pause ) I mean it . on a locker room full of uneasy face , we ... CUT to : ext . practice field parking lot - morning haye ' cot be sit in the lot , just outside the fence , he suitcase set down next to it . haye be still asleep , dew on he forehead . waken by the noise of activity on the field , he sit up with a start . haye shit , I be cut already ? the practice field we pick up Taylor sprinting he ass off in a 100 - yard time trial , staggering across the finish line 10 foot behind cerrano . pepper ( check stopwatch ) 11.9 Taylor . not bad if you would fall down . as Taylor try to catch he breath , dorn and a relief pitcher name gant approach the start line for the next trial . haye look through the chain - link fence surround the field . dorn and gentry again Temple bring they to they mark and blow he whistle . dorn and gentry take off . suddenly haye , in he pajamas and bare foot come streaking toward the start line in hot pursuit . dorn and gentry a good 10 - yard lead , but haye be come like a bullet . we go to slow motion as haye draw even at the 80 - yard mark and blast on by to win by five . this kid be fast . Brown and pepper give each other the " who be that masked man " look . brown get he a uniform . ext . the practice field - long shot - day the player be spread out on the field do calisthenics , count off in unison . taylor struggle through a series of pushup . he glance over in disbelief at Vaughn and cerrano , who be do they like piston in competition with each other . cerrano even start do they one-hand . haye be not do they at all ; merely pull he head up and down while leave he body on the ground . harris c'mon , haye , let 's do them right . haye hey , my philosophy be no pain , no pain . ext . the batting cage - day Taylor be crouch behind the plate , warming up he arm . catch pitch and throw they half - speed down to second . Brown drift over . brown how the knee holdin ' up , Jake ? taylor great . never be better . brown mobility 's good ? no problem gettin ' off the throw to second ? taylor no problem . brown I need a catcher , Jake . somebody who can keep this team together on the field . you be a helluva player when you be sound , but around the league they think you can not take the pound anymore . taylor around the league they be wrong . brown I be gonna have to put you to the test , ya know . so , I want the absolute truth here . be you 100 percent ? taylor yeh . would I bullshit about something ' like that ? brown ( walk away ) you better if you wanna make this team . Taylor smile and fire one full - speed down to second . it bounce two foot in front of the bag . ext . batting cage - day Brown be watch bat practice . haye step into the cage and begin a preparatory ritual worthy of Babe Ruth -- rub dirt on he hand , stretch , knock dirt off he spike , twirling the bat , etc . a real slugger 's routine . brown c'mon , haye , this be not the all Star game . get up to the damn plate . haye get in and take he stance . on the first pitch , he take a mighty cut and hit a pop-fly to the pitcher 's mound . we take quick cut of the next three pitch . haye take prodigious swing at all of they , produce three more pop - up , none out of the infield . Brown call a halt . brown well , you may run like may , but you hit like shit . haye my stroke will come back once I get warm up . temple ( refer to some stat ) never do get warm up last year . hit .211 at Maine . I look he up . brown I think Mr. haye show some promise . his speed could be a big asset . pepper ( aside ) for what ? running back to the dugout ? brown you gotta stop swingin ' for the fence though , haye . all you be gonna do be give yourself a hernia . with you speed you should be hittin ' the ball on the ground , leggin ' them out . every time I see you hit one in the air , you owe I twenty pushup . haye hey , no problem . the next pitch come in . haye swing and pop it up . haye shit . as he get down to do he twenty , Brown turn to Temple . brown sometimes you can teach a guy to hit . you can not teach he to run . brown and pepper come over to where Vaughn be toss some casual warm - up pitch to Jake . brown all right , Vaughn , they tell we you be a pitcher . let 's see what you get . Brown and pepper stand behind Taylor for a better view . Vaughn go into he wind - up and fire a scream fast ball that Taylor have no chance to get out of he crouch to catch . the ball rocket a inch over Brown 's head , and slam into the backstop . Brown stand freeze a second , contemplate he brush with eternity , then turn to pepper . brown Nice velocity . pepper sounded like it . taylor sorry , Lou , I be not quite expectin ' that much octane . Brown turn to the clubhouse man who 's hold a speed gun . brown how much ? clubhouse man 96 mile a hour . brown ( to pepper ) better teach he some control before he kill somebody . rodger dorn field grounder at third base . he play they off to he leave side a bit , almost as if he 's afraid to get bit by they . brown c'mon , dorn , get in front of the damn ball . ( make like a bullfighter ) do not give I this ole ' bullshit . dorn I take one of this in the eye last year . nearly lose my sight . brown I be deeply move . every time you play it off you hip , you give I forty sit-up . dorn what ! that 's Little League shit . brown so be this . Brown strike a effeminate field position , like Betty grable shy from a mouse . dorn burn . pedro cerrano in the bat cage , knock the cover off pitch after pitch with he black bat . brown Jesus , this guy hit a ton . how come nobody else pick up on he ? temple ( to the bat practice pitcher ) okay , Harris , that 's enough fast ball . throw some curve . Harris wind and throw a fair- to-middlin ' curve ball . cerrano swing and miss it a foot . brown oh . dorn approach Brown at the cage . dorn Lou , I wanna have a word with you here . brown sure . dorn ( whipping out he contract ) that penalty sit-up you want I to do ? I get it right here in my contract that I do not have to do any calisthenics I do not feel be necessary . what do ya think of that ? everyone around the bat cage have stop what they be do to see how Brown will react . Brown look at the contract a second , then drop it on the ground , unzip he fly , and give it a golden shower . on dorn 's stunne face , we ... CUT to : dorn do sit-up in the infield . Vaughn walk by and smile . longshot - practice field practically every member of the team be do penalty calisthenics somewhere on the field . pepper ( to Temple ) we get anybody leave playin ' baseball out there ? int . the locker room - afternoon Taylor , haye and Vaughn drag in , look beat from the day 's workout . taylor shit , the way I play today , I would not be surprised if they red - tag I already . haye what do ya mean ? taylor Red tag in you locker mean the manager want to see you , ' cause you just die and go to the minor . Vaughn 's hand freeze on he locker latch , afraid to open it now . taylor do not worry , they do not cut anybody the first day . Vaughn be still not so sure . he sit down on he locker stool and glance over toward steve harris a start pitcher , whose locker be adjacent . as Harris take off he jersey we see three splotches of greasy substance on he chest , just inside the button line . vaughn what be that stuff ? harris ( point to they in order ) crisco , bardahl , vagisil . any one of them will give you another 2 - 3 inch drop on you curve ball . Vaughn can not believe this . harris course if it 's cold and I get a shirt on under my jersey , I just rub a little jalapeno inside my nose and get it runnin ' . I need to load up the ball a little , I just wipe my nose . vaughn ( revolt ) you put snot on the ball ? harris at my age , you put anything you can find on it . I have not get a arm like yours . Vaughn just look at he incredulous . taylor and carrano Taylor be undress , but he attention be divert by cerrano whose stall be right next to he . cerrano have set up a altar in he locker . in front of he bat , which be line up like sentinels , be a table cover with picture of baseball player , figurine of saint , several light candle and , in the middle , a primitive fetish doll with a cigar in its mouth . cerrano have draw some magic sign on he bat . he finish a incantation and then light the cigar on the fetish doll . taylor what be you doin ' there , pedro ? cerrano bat . they be sick . taylor so be mine . be something ' goin ' around ? cerrano no hit curve ball . straight ball , hit it very much . Curve ball , bat be afraid . I ask jo - buu to come . take fear from bat . haye jo-buu ? taylor maybe he 's the pagan saint of baseball . cerrano I offer he cigar and gin . he will come . cerrano pour some gin in a small cup and put it next to the fetish doll . Harris have be listen to all this . cerrano grab a towel to head for the shower . harris I would not leave this gin sittin ' around out here with this group . cerrano ( with a certain gravity ) be very bad to steal jo - buu 's gin . be very bad . cerrano close he locker and go off to the shower , leave everyone to wonder just how bad . omit sequence omit from original script . montage sequence compress and detail the progress of spring training . we see : a ) Vaughn on the pitcher 's mound . a tin replica of a batter have be set up at home plate and rope stretch across the plate to delineate the strike zone . Vaughn fire a pitch and hit the tin batter in the hip , leave a dent in he . B ) cerrano in the bat cage , flail away in futility at several curve ball . C ) haye do push - up at night . he 's the only one leave on the field , except Temple , who supervise . D ) taylor do the " scramble " drill -- block down ball purposely throw in the dirt , one after another . when it end , he can hardly get to he foot . E ) cerrano wave a ten-foot boa constrictor in the sign of the cross in front of he locker before open it . no red tag greet he . haye watch from a safe distance . F ) vaughn hold a mirror under the vent on he locker door to get a peek inside to see if there 's a red tag there . G ) dorn take a hard ground ball off the chest . Brown applaud . dorn be piss . h ) vaughn throw at the " rope " again . the tin batter be dent in every conceivable place now . Vaughn whip in another fast ball . this one hit the tin man in the head , knock it completely off . I ) taylor in a exhibition game , attempt to throw out a base stealer . Jake spring out of he crouch and fire down to second -- on a bounce . the ball skip into center field . J ) haye also in a exhibition game , swinging at a pitch and pop it up behind the plate . he just drop in he track and start to do push -up as the catcher make the catch behind he . k ) cerrano flail away again at a curve ball . this and the remain shot be all in exhibition game . L ) haye wave a ten-inch garter snake in front of he locker . even at this size we can tell it scare the hell out of he , but it work its magic . no red tag . m ) vaughn with a runner on third , wind up and throw a pitch four foot over Taylor 's head . the run score . N ) haye attempt to steal second . he go into a hell - bent- for - leather head first slide . unfortunately , he come up two foot short of the base . the second baseman , who 's wait for he with the ball , make a motion for he to keep come . haye flip he the bird . o ) lou brown on the bench . he turn to pepper with a look that say , " can you believe this shit ? " p ) taylor wait for a throw at the plate . just as he 's about to catch it , the runner knock he flat . q ) brown he head in he hand . as Taylor get up and go to the wrong dugout , the montage end . ext . indian ' practice field - late afternoon player be filing off the team bus after the game . we pick up Taylor , haye and Vaughn as they head toward the locker room . vaughn this be final cut down day , right ? taylor yeh , better get you snake ready , haye . haye no , I be goin ' cold turkey today . my hand be too screw up to hold it anyway . haye reveal a pair of red and cut hand . taylor if you be gonna use that head first slide , you better get yourself some glove or you be not gonna have any skin leave on you hand . they have reach the locker room now . vaughn I do not wanna go in there . taylor whatever happen , keep it to yourself until you be outta the locker room . do not celebrate in front of guy who just die . haye what if we be one of the decease ? Taylor go into the locker room . haye and Vaughn hang back . cerrano be already at he locker . he 's get two snake this time and some kind of voodoo head dress on . he spray a patch of white paint on the locker door from a spray can , draw a symbol door . no tag . he kiss the snake , leave some white paint on he lip , like a kid who 's just have a glass of milk . Taylor , exhaust from the game , lift he latch and peer inside . he 's make it , too . cerrano offer a hand . Taylor shake it and break a weary smile . gentry open locker , slump on stool . he 's a goner . haye and vaughn the two rookie , be still hang back . haye c'mon , Vaughn , let 's show some nut here . if they cut we , we will just sign with the yankee . haye stride manfully to he locker and pull it open . this do not tell he much , however , because he 's get he eye close . he stand that way a beat to two , then open one eye . see no tag , he turn and walk double - time out of the locker room , as if he have to get to the john . he come outside , turn a corner , and start leaping around like a wild man . vaughn draw strength from haye , walk resolutely to he locker and whip it open . there hang from the top hook be the " red death . " Vaughn stare at it expressionless , then slowly close he locker . CUT to : int . brown' office - late afternoon Vaughn go right in without knock and lean on Brown 's desk . vaughn I get news for you , Mr. Brown . you have not hear the last of I . you think I be shit now , but someday you will be sorry you cut I . I be gonna catch on somewhere else , and every time I pitch against you , I be gonna stick it up you ass . brown good , I like that kinda spirit in a player . the only problem be , I do not cut you . vaughn what do you mean ? brown I think somebody 's be havin ' fun with you . we go to Vaughn , he face a mask of anger and embarrassment . the locker room again Vaughn charge across the room and jump dorn . the man grapple and fight all over the room , until Taylor finally get they separate . dorn ( to Vaughn ) what 's the matter , little lady ? can not you take a joke ? Vaughn give dorn a look that indicate this be not over . Lou Brown enter the room . brown can I have you attention , please ? I count up you ballot for team captain and I think you choose the right guy . if you have not , I woulda tell you he win anyway . Mr. C for the year -- Jake Taylor . the team break into applause and whistle as Taylor 's name be announce . dorn be the only one who seem unhappy about it . as Taylor accept the congratulation of he teammate , he turn to Vaughn . taylor forget about dorn . you get other thing to do . vaughn like what ? taylor pack for Cleveland . Taylor give he a wide smile . Vaughn finally allow himself one . CUT to : ext . the cleveland skyline - day such as it be . we move down to the same diner we see during the open of the film . int . injun diner - day the same three guy as before be at the counter . thelma you see the new lineup the Indians get ? bobby I never hear of most of them . int . executive limousine - day the Business executive be talk to the limo driver as he read the sport section . business executive I do not know the majority of this name . ext . cleveland dock - day the two longshoremen again , look at a paper . longshoreman who be this fuckin ' guy ? ext . cleveland municipal stadium - day the two Korean groundskeeper again , drag the infield . groundskeeper ( in subtitles ) they be shitty . int . cleveland municipal stadium - day Taylor be alone in the stadium , stand near home plate in he street clothes , take in the massive stadium , remember glorey past . he step into the batter 's box and take he stance . taylor ( to himself ) two down . bottom of the ninth . Taylor point to the leave field stand . he imagine a pitch come in , take a mighty swing and admire the flight of the imaginary ball as it arch high in the mid-day sky , landing deep in the leave field seat . break into he home run trot , he circle the basis , slapping the third base coach 's hand and exchange low fives with he teamate as he reach the plate . suddenly , he reverie be interrupt by the sound of applause . he turn and look in the dugout , where haye and Vaughn be give he a hand . haye really get all of that one . vaughn what be it ? a slider ? Taylor be too embarrassed to reply . int . cleveland restaurant - night one of Cleveland 's finest . Taylor , haye and Vaughn be seat at a table . taylor what be you gonna have ? haye I do not know . what language be this ? taylor french . haye they get patty melt over there ? taylor forget it . I will order . let 's have a toast . the three raise they wine glass . taylor here 's to baseball , here 's to the start of two great career , and for I , here 's to at least one more good year in the sun . the glass clink . suddenly Taylor 's attention fix on something across the room -- a stun young woman in she late twenty , lynn westland . she 's have dinner with a date in a three - piece suit . haye and Vaughn follow Taylor 's eye to the woman . vaughn what be it ? the chick ? taylor that 's my wife . haye do she know it ? taylor I mean she woulda be if I have not screw it up . who 's that guy she 's with ? haye I do not know . he 's not wear a name tag . vaughn you want I to beat the shit out of he ? taylor no . haye what do she do ? taylor she 's a librarian . vaughn a librarian ? shit , I gotta start readin ' again . int . cleveland restaurant - night a waiter approach the table where Lynn and she date be share a dessert . waiter miss Wells , there 's a telephone call for you . Lynn be somewhat surprised , but get up to take the call . we follow she to the pay phone in the hall . lynn hello . voice hello , Lynn . it 's Jake . lynn Jake ? how do you know I be here ? taylor just a hunch . I take you there when you get you master . I figure you be probably wear the black velvet dress with the red sash . she be indeed . Lynn be a little unsettle by this display of clairvoyance . lynn how do you know that ? I do not have this dress when we be ... sense that something 's askew , she turn and look across the way to see Jake talk to she on the pay phone on the other side of the hall , maybe ten foot away . he give she he best grin . taylor you look great . Lynn , as be often the case with Jake , be both charme and put-out . she go with put-out . lynn thanks . what be you doin ' here ? be not you suppose to be in Mexico somewhere ? taylor I be playin ' with the Indians again . back in the big . lynn that 's great . I be happy for you , Jake . and she be . not so sure about herself , though . lynn ( start away ) I gotta get back ... taylor wait a minute . what 's you number . I try call you at home , but you be not list ... lynn my life be different from when you know I . taylor meaning what ? that I do not know you anymore ? lynn could not we talk about this some other time ? I really gotta ... taylor okay , just gimme you number . lynn I do not think that 's a good idea . taylor why not ? because of the guy you be with ? what be he , a banker ? lynn lawyer . please , Jake , he 's watch we . taylor I be not leavin ' without you number . you still wear that great little tortoise - shell glass ? I always love it when you take they off . lynn ( exasperate ) Jake ... taylor the number , Lynn ... lynn ( reluctant ) all right . 555-9314 . taylor thank you . I be back , Lynn , and I be gonna be around . she look at he a beat , unsure what to say , then head back toward she table . we go to Lynn 's date . none of this have be lose on he . int . taxi - day Taylor , haye and Vaughn be the fare . cabbie what 's the number again ? taylor ( look at a piece of paper ) 1036 . haye what be this place ? taylor furnish apartment building own by the Indians . we get special rate . with what we be makin ' we will need it . the cabbie pull to a stop and point to the other side of the street . cabbie that 's it . Taylor and the other turn to see a dismal , run-down building with a neon sign that say " the Turk . " taylor welcome to the Big leagues . int . the turk - day Jake go to a pay phone in the hall and dial the number Lynn give he . voice on phone hello , Cuyahoga sheet Metal . Taylor do not like the sound of this . taylor you get anybody workin ' there name Lynn Wells ? voice on phone never hear of she . taylor do not think so . Taylor hang up , stare off into space . int . the indian ' locker room - day various player be dress out for the game . we pick up cerrano put on he undergarment . they be all black , include he jock . dorn read the Wall Street Journal , while Taylor sit on the trainer 's table get he knee tape . haye check the fit of he new uniform from every angle in a mirror . he think he look pretty good . Vaughn just squeeze a baseball in he leave hand , obviously a little uptight . Taylor give he a chuck on the shoulder . taylor take it easy . we get 162 of this to go . Lou Brown enter the locker room . brown all right , let 's gather ' round . the player turn they attention to Brown . brown I be not much for inspirational address . I just wanta point out that every newspaper in the country have pick we to finish last . the local press think we would save everybody a lot of time and trouble if we just go out and shot ourselves . I , I like to waste sportswriter ' time so I be for hangin ' around and seein ' if we can give all this guy a nice big shitburger to eat . cheer all around . harris be not we gonna have a prayer ? I mean we be not all savage like cerrano . brown you guy go ahead . I belong to the church of three - run homer . harris all right , let 's bow we head . many of the player follow suit . suddenly the silence be shattered by a loud explosive SOUND , scare the hell out of everybody . all eye turn to cerrano , who have just set off a charge of gunpowder on he locker altar . cerrano have to wake up bat . disgust , Harris and the other turn back to they prayer . harris dear Lord , we ask ... Harris never get to finish . the smoke rise from cerrano 's gunpowder explosion set off the automatic sprinkler in the ceiling . as Harris and the faithful look up into the downpour , we ... CUT to : ext . municipal stadium - day the stand be nearly empty . of the fan who have show up , many wear doormat around they neck . Bobby , Vic , johnny and thelma , we four fan from the diner , sit alone in the vast expanse of the centerfield bleacher . all four wear indian head dress and have war paint on they face . the three man each have tom-tom . thelma work on she needlepoint . johnny you read the plain Dealer today ? they say this be gonna be the worst indian team we have have in year . thelma everybody laugh at the Indians now , but there be other time . even win the Series in ' 48 . then Willie may make that catch on Vic wertz in the ' 54 Series and Cleveland 's never be the same since . johnny as the Indians go so go Cleveland , huh ? thelma if we ever lose the Indians , Cleveland would die . int . municipal stadium PRESS BOX - day we get we fist glimpse of harry doyle , the Indians ' 55 - year - old radio announcer . Harry 's never walk past a bar in anger . he 's be with the Indians through thin and thin . doyle ( on the air ) hello , everybody , Harry doyle here , welcoming all you Friends of the feather to another season of Indians baseball . ( pour some Jack Daniels in he Coke ) a lotta new face for the tribe this year , as they take on the defend american League champ , the New York yankee . and listen to the roar of the crowd as the Indians take the field ! doyle lean out the press box window with he mike , try to pick up the sound of a couple guy clapping down below . doyle yes , sir , they love this club here in Cleveland . doyle take a hit of he spike Coke . down on the field a yankee hitter fly out to haye , who make a " basket " catch a la Willie may . doyle ( v.o. ) High fly ball , centerfield . haye under it now ... oh , make a basket catch , Willie may style , and the side be retire . the indian dugout the team come in off the field to much enthusiasm and back - slapping . brown all right , way to look , way to look . Nice catch , haye . do not ever fuckin ' do it again . okay , let 's get it goin ' ! doyle in the PRESS BOX doyle bottom of the first , Willie may haye to lead it off for the tribe . haye go through he warmup routine at the plate . doyle ( v.o. ) a lotta people say you can tell how a season 's gonna go by the first hitter of the year . in the last fifteen year , the Indians have never have the season lead - off hitter reach base . haye be in the batter 's box now . the yankee pitcher wind and fire . haye swing and hit a little dribbler toward the second baseman , who race in and scoops it up bare -hande . doyle ( v.o. ) hot shot toward the hole . rudia knock it down , get up , fire to first . too late ! haye beat it ! doyle lean out the window again try to pick up some cheer . doyle and so the string be break . maybe thing will turn around a little for the Indians this year . the bleacher we four fan ( from here on know as the bleacher Band ) , overjoy by haye ' hit , start beat the tom-tom and sing a fight song they have compose call " in the land of Burning Waters " to the tune of the old hamm beer jingle . bleacher band in the land of burn water , water lurk the injun nine , oh so fine , we Love that mighty redmen , turn they foe to dead man , ummmmm . first base area as haye come back to the bag , where the yankee first baseman be wait for he . first baseman show some real power on that one , slugger . haye I plan to get at least a double out of it . haye reach in he back pocket and pull out one of the pair of black leather glove he buy earlier . doyle ( v.o. ) and now haye be put on a pair of black glove , send a little message to the yankee . haye ( to the first baseman ) buy a hundred of this , one for each base I plan to steal . Excuse I , here , I gotta take my first step toward the Hall of Fame . haye take he lead - off and crouch , ready to steal . first baseman you look real sharp , but you will never steal second with you shoe untied . haye look down at he shoe . it 's not untied . he notice too late that the pitcher be throw over to pick he off . doyle ( v.o. ) brewster , quick move to first ... haye dive back for the bag , but never get there ; he face smash up against the first baseman 's glove , which be already hold the ball . doyle ( v.o. ) he get he . haye be pick off . first baseman Nice base run , dildo . hard to get you thumb out of you ass with the glove on . haye lie in the dust humiliate . doyle well , so much for that . doyle take a long pull on he Coke and we go into a montage depict the Indians ' progressive disintegration in this game . we see : a ) three fielder converge on a short pop fly into leave field . they all collide and go down in a heap as the ball drop untouched . B ) dorn play a grounder off he hip . he fumble it , pick it up , fumble it again . no play . C ) taylor crouch behind the plate , but up off he haunch , ready to throw . we hear the voice of he thought . taylor's voice guy 's goin ' . gotta be goin ' ... get the throw up . do not bounce the damn ball . the runner on first take off as the pitch come in . Taylor catch the ball and fire down to second . the ball sail three foot over the second baseman 's head and on into center field . Taylor stand there , disgust . taylor's voice Nice throw , dickhead . D ) cerrano strike out on a curve ball . he bawl he bat out on the way to the dugout . E ) the three fielder we see before , converge on another pop fly into short leave . this time all three dive off at the last instant to avoid a collision . once again the ball drop untouched . end montage . the scoreboard it show yankee 4 , Indians 0 after five inning . doyle up in the booth there be two empty coca - cola cup near the mike . he 's work on a third . doyle top of the sixth . rookie sensation , ricky Vaughn , on to pitch now . you can close the book on winter ... Vaughn stand on the mound rub up the baseball with the same intensity we see in the locker room . taylor easy do it , ricky . we be only four down . we be still in this thing . pepper do not worry if you be off the plate on a few pitch . do not hurt to put the fear of God in a hitter . Vaughn nod and continue to grind the ball as pepper and Taylor leave . the yankee hitter step in . Vaughn wind and fire a screamer . Taylor have to leap high to come down with it . doyle ( v.o. ) first pitch be a little high ... the yankee hitter be slightly unnerve by this pitch . yankee hitter this guy kinda wild ? taylor I figure you get a 30 % chance to survive this at bat . another pitch to the yankee hitter . it 's outside . doyle ( v.o. ) Ball four . another pitch to a second yankee hitter . it 's low . doyle ( v.o. ) Ball eight . another pitch to a third yankee hitter . he have to jump over it . doyle ( v.o. ) low , and Vaughn have walk the basis load on twelve straight pitch . by the law of probability , you would think one of that coulda drift over the plate . the bleacher band Bobby give the downbeat and , in honor of Vaughn , the three man stand to pound out a version of " Wild thing " on the tom - tom . Bobby do the vocal . bobby Wild thing , you make my heart sing , you walk everything . pepper have reach the mound ... pepper okay kid . I think we get them scared enough now . time to get a few of them out . Vaughn nod . he 's plenty upset with himself . pepper just relax , and keep the arm up on top . gotta throw strike . no place at the inn for this guy . he give Vaughn a pat on the butt , and go back to the dugout . the yankee hitter , haywood , stand in . he 's the first baseman who tag haye out . haywood hey , Taylor , what you doin ' back up here ? taylor could not cut it in the mexican League . Vaughn , determine to throw a strike , wind and deliver . the ball be a perfect strike , right down the middle . haywood crush it to deep leave field . Vaughn drop he head , not even bother to look . vaughn oh , shit ... the ball land in the second deck ; a grand slam home run . pepper ( to Brown ) look like a strike anyway . you want I to go get he ? brown no , let 's see how he react . Vaughn pace around on the mound , rub up the ball . the next hitter , coleman , step in . Vaughn get up on the rubber , he face set . he wind up and fire one right into coleman 's back . coleman go down in a hurry . brown interesting . pepper at least he hit what he be aimin ' at . brown I think you can go get he now . both bench be up on the dugout step ready to come out . the only thing hold they back be that coleman be be tend to by the trainer . the home plate umpire thumb Vaughn out of the game . Vaughn come down to protest , but pepper quickly grab he and hurry he off the field . pepper c'mon , kid . as soon as coleman get up , he 's gonna be lookin ' for you . coleman finally get to he foot , still a little shake . he look around for Vaughn , but he 's already disappear into the dugout . coleman walk down to first under he own power . Brown signal for a new pitcher and the player on both side begin to return to the bench . vaughn walk alone down the tunnel to the locker room . he angrily knock one of the overhead light bulb out with he glove . doyle in the PRESS BOX - later that night he now have five empty cup next to the mike , plus a near - empty bottle of Jack Daniel 's . doyle so , a tough start for the Erie warrior , as they drop a heartbreaker to the yankee , nine to nothing . the Post game show be bring to you by ... ( search for the paper ) Christ . I can not find it . the hell with it . this be Harry doyle say good night , everybody , and happy hunting . with that doyle pass out on he face . rachel phelp in she private box at the stadium . with she be donovan and butler . rachel ( get up to leave ) we be off to a good start , gentleman . let 's keep it up . we go to donovan . he watch Rachel go in disgust . int . the cascade bar - night Taylor , haye and Vaughn be in a booth , have a beer . Vaughn be still in a funk . vaughn God , I be horse shit tonight . taylor only thing you get to be sorry about be hittin' coleman . vaughn what ? taylor if you want to send a message , it shoulda be to haywood . he hit the damn homer . coleman be just pick he nose in the on-deck circle . Vaughn nod slowly . taylor forget the other stuff . it coulda happen to anybody . besides , haywood do not hit it that good . that ball would not have be out of a lotta park . vaughn oh yeh , name one . taylor ( after a pause ) Yellowstone . Vaughn just look at Taylor a second and then smile in spite of himself . vaughn shit ... ext . cleveland municipal library - day we see Taylor walk up the step and through the massive front door . int . cleveland library - day we pick up Taylor make he way past the circulation desk . he glance around and find what he 's look for : Lynn , talk to one of the reference librarian . she finish she conversation and turn , to find herself face to face with Taylor . she 's wear she tortoise - shell glass . lynn ( hushed ) Jake , you should not have come here . taylor I be wonderin ' why you would give a old friend a bum phone number . lynn let 's talk in my office , okay ? taylor I do not wanna talk in you office . Lynn start to walk . we will follow they as they make they way through the library . Lynn try to keep the conversation hushed . Taylor could give a shit . lynn I tell you I do not think it 's a good idea for we to see each other . taylor why not ? lynn we do not have anything in common . sometimes I wonder if we ever do . taylor what be you talkin ' about ? we be both athlete , world class , hot for each other . what more can you have in common ? lynn I stop bein ' a athlete three year ago . book be my life now . Jake suppress a smile . lynn do not you dare laugh , Jake . in two year I have put together one of the best special collection department in the country . taylor so what be it ? you be still sore I never read moby Dick ? lynn you never read anything I ask you to . taylor not like what 's - he - name at the restaurant ? lynn his name be Tom , and keep you voice down . taylor what do ya see in this guy ? lynn he 's stable . he 's intelligent ... and I have never find he in bed with a stewardess . taylor that 's ' cause no stewardess would have he . would not you rather be with somebody who 's in demand ? lynn just like always , you do not take anything seriously . everything 's a joke to you . taylor c'mon , Lynn , for Christ sake , I be just tryin ' to loosen thing up a little . I be gettin ' frostbite here . Lynn stop and turn to face he . lynn Tom and I be get marry in the fall . Taylor be momentarily floor by the revelation . taylor what ? that 's crazy , Lynn . I get plan for we . lynn ( walk again ) what plan ? taylor I be gonna play another a year or two , then we go to Hawaii , and have a couple kid who grow up to be Olympic champion . lynn ( stop again ) how can you think stuff like that ? I have not see you in two year . you never even write I a letter . taylor I be sorry , Lynn , but I be not exactly proud of my situation . c'mon , you do not think about I at all since I be go ? lynn ( walk again ) not so loud , Jake . taylor remember the three night we spend on the beach in Vera Cruz ? you have night like that with Mr. briefcase ? lynn ( stop again ) what about the night you have in Detroit with miss dairy Queen ? they be in the large read room now . taylor what be I suppose to do ? she bet I fifty buck she have a better body than you . I have to defend you honor . lynn ( whirling on he and explode ) what a bunch of bullshit ! ( exasperate ) I have a much better body than she do . with this the whole read room turn around and stare at she . Lynn be mortify by she outburst . Taylor try to smooth it over . taylor ( address the library patron ) she 's right . take it from I , she really do . I mean miss dairy Queen have quantity , I give she that , but the , ah , quality just be not there . Nice job , Jake . Lynn be still mortify . taylor how many think Lynn oughta give I another shot ? most of the hand in the room shoot up . taylor the aye have it . lynn ( walk off again ) you have not change at all , have you ? taylor I be afraid I have or I would not be here . c'mon , Lynn , I do not wanna do time for thing that happen year ago . lynn ( turn back to he ) I be sorry , Jake . you will always be the little boy who would not grow up . Lynn start off for she office door . taylor Lynn , wait ... Lynn continue on into she office . as the door close , we go to Taylor 's forlorn face . int . rachel phelp ' office - day Rachel be in close - door session with donovan . rachel a quarter of the season 's go , we be 15 and 24 , seven game out of first . we attendance be just below 180,000 . that 's bad , but not bad enough . donovan project over the whole season , we stand to wind up 36 game under .500 and 28 out of first . that should be bad enough for anybody . rachel we finish 24 out last year and still draw 890,000 . when school 's out for the summer , attendance be liable to rise . plus , this team be show sign of improvement . I do not think we would win 15 game all year . any idea ? donovan on how we can get worse ? ( sarcastic ) how about a series of fine for good play ? maybe a $ 30,000 bonus to the guy choose least valuable player . rachel this be no laugh matter , donovan . ( pause ) I think maybe the problem be we be coddle this guy too much . as donovan wonder what she mean by that , we ... CUT to : int . cleveland airport - day we pick up Taylor , haye , Vaughn and the other Indians come down a corridor to they plane . haye what 's with this ? we never leave from this terminal . taylor maybe the other one 's jamme up . they come through the gate where they see two american Airlines jet on the tarmac . haye ( point to the jet ) which one be ours ? gateman that one . the gateman point off-screen . suddenly , a old DC - 3 , with the indian logo on it , pull into frame . CUT to : int . the DC - 3 - night this one be obviously buy from the military . the seat be 40 's Army issue , and the rib of the fuselage be expose . the plane be bob and lurching through a ferocious storm . taylor what be this , Lou ? brown Front office say it 's a economy measure , ' cause we be not drawin ' good . taylor well , they certainly have spare every expense . we pick up cerrano crossing himself . Harris see it . harris oh , so now you come around . ( point up ) he 's not fool . haye sit petrify in he chair , he knuckle whiten on the arm rest . haye call the stewardess , Vaughn . I need one of that bag . vaughn there be not any stewardess . haye I wonder if there 's any pilot . int . milwaukee stadium - PRESS BOX - day we pick up doyle do the play- by-play of the Indians ' next game . he can barely keep he eye open . doyle two down , top of the ninth . last chance for the red and blue . the field the brewer pitcher deliver and a Cleveland player hit a ground ball to the brewer second baseman who throw he out . doyle ( v.o. ) bounce ball to second . this should be it . Collins up with it , on to first , and the game be over . doyle in the press box again . doyle so , the son of geronimo , still suffer a bit from propeller lag , be nip by the Tigers tonight , 7 to 0 . the only excitement for the tribe provide by Rick Vaughn who set a american League record by throw four wild pitch in one inning . congratulation , Rick . for the Tigers , 5 run , 9 hit , and no error . for the Indians , one run , and let 's see , one hit . ( to he stat man ) be that all we get , one fuck hit ? stat man ( whisper ) you can not say " fuckin ' " on the air . doyle do not worry about it . nobody 's listen anyway . int . HOTEL bar - night dorn and Harris be at one table ; Taylor and Vaughn at one across the way . harris who you get line up tonight ? dorn where be we ? Kansas City , right ? gotta be arlene harris you call she ? dorn do not have to . she know when I be in town . taylor and vaughn taylor I be about ready to turn in . I have anesthetize my knee enough . a guy from the bar approach the table . guy Excuse I , Mr. Vaughn , can I have you autograph ? vaughn ah ... yeh ... sure. ( signing ) my first autograph . I could not give this away a couple week ago . guy I see you record on the news . you make they Hall of shame . congratulation . vaughn ( embarrassed ) thanks . taylor you be a celebrity now , Vaughn . vaughn I think you have to do something ' good to be a celebrity . taylor not if you do it colorfully . dorn and harris dorn ( point to the door ) what would I tell ya . we go to the door to find arlene stand with two friend , rene and VICKI . arlene be a looker alright , 27 , and seriously build . she case the room , spy dorn and come over to he table . arlene hi , rodger . this be Vicki and rene . dorn hi , doll . this be Steve Harris . arlene where 's you buddy gant ? dorn ( indicate Vaughn ) they cut he to make room for bristle boy over there . arlene ( look over at Vaughn ) be that Vaughn , the guy they call Wild thing ? dorn ( in disgust ) yeh . arlene he 's kinda cute . they say he could be a big star . dorn what be you talkin ' about ? he could not find the plate if it be magnetize . he will not last the year . arlene he strike out five in a row before the wild pitch . ( take she leave ) maybe I will check he out . dorn ( grab she ) wait a minute , you be with I . Taylor watch this exchange from across the room . arlene I do not remember you makin ' any date . dorn since when do I have to make a date ? who 's be showin ' you this town the last three year ? arlene ancient history , rodger . I gotta look out for myself now . I do not have to be a slave to no .235 hitter . arlene pull away and head for the jukebox as dorn seethes . she punch a button and we hear X 's version of " wild thing . " arlene sashays right up to Vaughn in time with the music . arlene Wild thing , you make my heart sing . arlene know how to make the big entrance . Vaughn 's slightly overwhelm . dorn take this all in from across the room . Taylor come up next to he . taylor guess we be over with , eh , dorn ? dorn speak for yourself , Taylor . I get a couple good year leave . int . the indian ' DC - 3 - night we pick up Taylor in he seat , glass on , read something by the light of a flashlight rig up to the back of he seat . we move to reveal it -- the classics illustrate comic book of " moby Dick . " haye wander by , a air-sick bag hang around he neck . haye " moby Dick ? " what be that ? taylor it 's one of the masterpiece of american literature , that 's all . haye Lynn put you on to this ? taylor Long time ago . haye well , we be goin ' to a club tonight . you wanna come along ? taylor no , I get some more read to do . Taylor indicate a stack of classic Comics next to he . haye what , you get a test or somethin' ? why do not you just go over and see she ? maybe she will let you slide on a couple of this . taylor I might if I know where she life . haye easy . tail she home from the library . taylor you mean sit in a car and wait for she to come out ? that 's kinda juvenile , do not you think ? haye ( as if that have anything to do with it ) yeh . ext . cleveland library - late afternoon Taylor sit in he car , across the street from the employee entrance of the library . he scrunches down a bit as Lynn come out of the building and head for she car . she get in and we ... CUT to : series of shot of lynn drive through the city with Taylor follow at a discrete distance . finally , Lynn pull up outside a expensive - look townhouse . Taylor pull up further down the street and watch she go inside , debate whether to go in after she . int . cleveland bar - early evening Taylor 's have a beer , still try to decide whether to go see she or not . taylor pull up outside the townhouse he see Lynn go into . he go up the stair and knock on the door . Lynn answer , look more dress up than when she leave the library . she 's surprised to see Taylor . taylor look , Lynn , I be sorry I follow you home but I wanna ... lynn ( hurried ) this be not my place ... taylor whose place be it ? before Lynn can answer , Tom appear at the door . tom who 's there , love ? ( spying Taylor ) oh , Mr. Taylor , right ? ( pointedly ) I remember you from the restaurant . Lynn 's tell I a lot about you . why do not you come in for a while ? taylor Nah , that 's o.k. , I get some thing to do ... lynn yeh , he 's gotta be goin ' ... tom no , really , come on in for a drink . before Taylor can beg off further , Tom usher he inside and close the door . in the room be two other couple : arthur holloway , a senior partner in Tom 's firm and he wife claire , and brent bowden , another lawyer in the firm and a contemporary of Tom 's . his wife be janice . this be a very upscale group . tom Excuse I , everybody , this be Jake Taylor . ( make the intros ) Jake , Arthur and Claire holloway Brent and Janice bowden . Jake be a professional baseball player . polite nod from the group , except for Janice , who seem somewhat intrigue . tom so , Jake , what bring you here this evening ? taylor I , ah , just have a couple book I want to discuss with Lynn . I think this be she place . tom well , it soon will be . taylor yeh , I hear you guy be engage . congratulation . Taylor stick out he hand . Tom 's not sure whether Taylor 's put he on or not . he shake anyway . tom thank you . what can I get you to drink ? taylor beer will be fine . Tom go off to get the beer . jack what team do you play for , Jake ? taylor the Indians . claire here in Cleveland ? I do not know they still have a team . taylor yeh , we have uniform and everything . it 's really great . tom ( hand Jake he beer ) they be last right now , but hopefully move up , eh , Jake ? Tom clink he glass with Jake 's beer , the slight condescension in he manner not lose on Taylor . Lynn be uncomfortable with this whole situation . Janice move a bit closer to Taylor . it 's obvious she find he attractive . janice I be tell that baseball player make very good salaries this day . taylor that depend on how good they be , I guess . janice how good be you ? Lynn be irritate by Janice 's directness . taylor I make the League minimum . Tom and the other react as if Taylor 's just announce a death in the family . lynn he be one of the best in baseball until he have problem with he knee . everyone be somewhat surprised by Lynn 's quick defense of Taylor , include Lynn herself . tom what be you go to do when you career end ? I mean you can not play baseball forever , can you ? taylor somethin will come up . tom will it ? taylor I do not know , I be thinkin ' of goin ' to Hawaii , and have a couple of kid who grow up to be Olympic champion . jack oh really . in what event ? taylor swim . maybe the two hundred meter individual medley . I figure it oughta be big by then . Jack just nod . he never hear of it . brent you get the girl pick out ? taylor I do , but I be not smart enough to hold on to she . Lynn 's eye drop to the floor . brent you use to be a athlete , do not you , Lynn ? lynn ( not want to pursue it ) yes . brent what do you do ? lynn ( reluctant ) two hundre individual medley . taylor alternate on the ' 80 Olympic team . a tense silence settles on the group . taylor well , I gotta be goin ' . Nice to have meet you all . Taylor exchange a quick glance with Lynn and head for the door . tom let I walk you out . Tom accompany Taylor to the door , out of earshot of the other . taylor thanks for the beer . tom do not mention it . taylor I will let you know if I land a good job . I know you be concerned about it . tom yeh , well , I just want Lynn to know what she would have have ahead of she . Tom stick out he hand . the two man shake to keep up appearance for they onlooker across the room . tom stay away from she . taylor ( smile ) suck my dick . int . vaughn be room - day Vaughn and haye be watch a soap opera on a old black and white tv . pepper pop he head in . pepper Lou want to see you down at the office , Rick . Vaughn look somewhat apprehensively at haye . int . lou brown' office - day Brown be lose in think at he desk . Vaughn appear at the door like a boy expect a spanking . brown c'mon in , Rick . Vaughn come in and take a seat . he 's worried . brown Rick , I be not gonna beat around the bush here . you get a great arm , one of the best I have ever see , but you control have not come around like we hope it would . Vaughn nod contritely . brown now , there be a lotta pitcher that start out wild and , after workin ' it out in the minor , for a while , go on to great career . ( point to a picture on the wall ) take Sandy koufax there ... Vaughn look at the picture on the wall . he squint slightly . Brown notice it . vaughn what about koufax ? brown never mind koufax . Brown quickly print some big letter on a legal pad and go to stand about fifteen foot from Vaughn . brown read this letter , start at the top . Vaughn balk a second and then concentrate on the pad , squinting . unsettle , he squint harder . he even try close one eye . brown can not read it , can you ? Vaughn shake he head no . vaughn you gonna send I to the minor ? brown nope . CUT to : omit sequence omit from original script . int . cleveland locker room - night Taylor , haye , Vaughn and the other be dress out for the game . Vaughn be wear he glass . vaughn this thing make I look ridiculous . taylor Drop in the bucket , Vaughn . meanwhile , cerrano be sharpen a long knife at he locker . vaughn what 's that for ? cerrano gin and cigarettes not enough for jo- buu . I still can no hit curva ball for sheet . I hafta make a sacrifice to he . taylor sacrifice ? you mean like something live ? cerrano Si . I kill unborn child . harris not while I be here you be not . that 's murder . cerrano pull the unborn chicken out of he pocket -- a common store buy egg . Harris be a little embarrassed at he outburst . cerrano touch the egg to he forehead , then place it on he altar . in one swift motion he slam the knife down on it , cut it into two perfect halve . Taylor and the other be agape at a knife sharp enough to do this . as the yolk spread out on the altar , Brown emerge from he office . brown all right , let 's hit the field . the locker room quickly empty , leave one man behind -- Harris . he look around to make sure everyone be go , then tiptoe over to cerrano 's locker . screw up he courage , he pick up jo - buu 's cup of gin . harris here 's look at ya , jo-buu . he bolt it down , then back into the middle of the room , wait at the ready , as if half - expect a bolt of lightning . when nothing happen , he gloat at the fetish doll in triumph . harris strutting out of the dugout , feel like a million buck . as he emerge onto the field , a hitter in the bat cage swing and miss , the bat slip out of he hand . away it fly , whirling off down the third base line in a wide arc . it hit Harris in the back of the head and knock he cold . CUT to : harris watch the game from the dugout , a zip - lock baggie full of ice- cube strapped to he head . doyle ( v.o. ) we be in the ninth , two down , man on first and the Indians cling to a one run lead . vaughan , one out away from he first major league victory ... omit sequence omit from original script . vaughan Vaughn , wear he new glass , pace the mound nervously . he go to the rosin bag , wipe he brow , shake out he arm . finally up on the rubber , he get the sign from Taylor , go to he stretch , check the runner and fire to the plate . the oakland batter swing and hit a grounder between third and short . dorn move to he leave , but the ball go past he glove and into leave field . there be some question as to whether dorn really give it a full effort . doyle ( v.o. ) bounce ball , dorn can not get to it , into leave field , base hit . Clarke digging around second , he will make it to third , and the a 's have runner at the corner . Vaughn stomp around on the mound , obviously upset . he glare at dorn a beat before get back on the mound . dorn 's face be non-commital . Brown pace in the dugout . pepper you want I to go get he ? brown no , he 's come this far . let 's see if he can finish it . doyle downs a little more rum and coke in the press box . doyle Vaughn in a little trouble here , but I will tell ya , this Cleveland fan be great . listen to they get behind Vaughn . doyle imitate the sound of a crowd cheer with he own voice , punctuate by whistle and clap . the bleacher band thelma calmly knit she blanket with the score of all the Indians ' game stitched into it , the Madame La farge of Cleveland . the boy , however , be a little restless . bobby we need some defense here . maybe we oughta do a wave . johnny c'mon , Indians do not do wave . let 's keep this thing pure . VIC what harm could it do ? rexman the next oakland hitter , step in . Taylor flash a sign . Vaughn come to the stretch and deliver . High , ball one . the runner on first go down to second without a throw , the pitch be too tough to handle . doyle ( v.o. ) runner go , high , Taylor have no play . the go - ahead and potential win run be in scoring position . Taylor walk out in front of the plate to throw the ball back to Vaughn . taylor forget the runner , ricky , get this guy at the plate . Taylor go back behind the dish . Vaughn get up on the rubber . he wind and come to the plate . Way high this time . doyle High ball two , and the crowd do not like that call one bit . doyle imitate the sound of a crowd boo . Taylor , meanwhile , have go out to the mound . taylor okay , let 's get nasty here , Rick . you know he 's lookin ' for this pitch . gotta come up with something ' studly . vaughn fuckin ' dorn . game shoulda be over by now . dorn coulda have that ball . he tank it on purpose . taylor this be not the California penal League , Vaughn . we be professional here . we do not tank a play for personal reason , so cut the crybaby shit . you have pitch a helluva game . you wanna finish it , do not ya ? Vaughn nod . taylor can you give I a strike on this pitch ? vaughn yeh , but I do not know if there will be much on it . my arm feel like jello . taylor just make sure it 's over the plate . I want he to swing . vaughn the last time I do that , the guy hit one that have not land yet . taylor do not worry , I will take care of it . Taylor start back toward the plate , and then stop . taylor by the way , I be meaning to ask you . why would you steal that car ? vaughn I be bored . taylor next time you might think about takin ' in a movie or somethin' . Vaughn permit himself a little smile and release from the tension . Taylor smile back , and trot off toward the plate . the bleacher band Bobby and Vic be do a two - man wave . when one sit down , the other stand up . taylor have settle in behind the plate now . he start talk to the batter , rexman . taylor helluva situation we get goin ' here , huh , rexman ? two on , two out , you be down by a run in the ninth . you get a chance to be a hero on national television , so whatever you do , do not blow it . they will be callin ' you a gutless choke artist all over America . rexman shoot Taylor a wick glance . taylor you be a free agent at the end of the year . not much demand for gutless choke artist . what be you hittin ' now ? .230 ? .240 ? rexman .316 . taylor hey , nice average . uh oh , on second think , that still mean you get a seven outta ten chance of goin ' in the dumper . rexman , slightly irritate , back out of the box . rexman shut up , will ya , Taylor ? taylor hey , I can understand not wantin ' to talk about baseball when you nut be in a vice like this . rexman get back in the box . taylor by the way , I see you wife at the capri Lounge last night . Hell of a dancer . you must be very proud . rexman be try to ignore Taylor , but fail badly . Taylor flash a sign to Vaughn . Vaughn go into he windup . taylor but that guy she be with ... I mean I be sure he 's a close personal friend of yours and all , but tell I ... Vaughn release he pitch . taylor ... why be he wear she panty on he head ? rexman , completely unnerve , take a feeble swing and hit a high pop - up out in front of the plate . taylor uh oh , rexie , I do not think that one 's get the distance . maybe if the wind come up . Taylor move out two step and make the catch easily , end the game . Taylor rush out to congratulate Vaughn . the player exchange handshake and high fives , as Brown watch from the dugout . brown it 's startin ' to come together , pepper . it 's startin ' to come together . ext . dorn mansion - afternoon Taylor pull up outside and walk up to the door . Suzanne , dorn 's wife , answer . suzanne oh hi , Jake , how be you ? taylor Fine , Suzanne , can I have a quick word with rodger ? suzanne sure , c'mon in , he 's in the de . I will get some coffee . we follow Taylor into the luxurious de , where we find dorn watch he wide screen tv in a smoking jacket . dorn hey , Jake , old boy , what bring you out here ? taylor I just wanta tell ya somethin' , but I do not want to do it in front of the whole team . dorn sure , go ahead . taylor ( like nail ) I do not know what you problem be , but ... ( bend close to dorn ) ... if I ever see you tank another play like you do tonight , I will cut off you nut and stuff them down you fuckin ' throat . dorn look at Taylor for some sign that he 's kid . he do not get one . Taylor turn and walk on out , as we go to dorn 's stunne face . Suzanne walk in with a tray . suzanne coffee anybody ? int . indian ' locker room - day the Indians be undress after practice . haye why the hell be we havin ' practice during the all - Star break ? taylor I hear the Big Lady upstairs order it . vaughn it 's hotter than shit in here . what happen to the air conditioning ? int . training room - day we go to Brown , naked and drag from the heat . he approach the whirlpool and turn on the water . brown ( to dorn ) oh man , this old body can use a soak . dorn forget it . it 's not workin ' again . Brown flip on a switch . the whirlpool make some grind noise and then quit altogether . brown damn it , I think they be gonna replace this thing . Harris shout over from the shower where he 's just turn on the water . harris hey , there 's no hot water in here . brown she 's at it again . I have have it with this nickel and dime stuff . ( storming out of the training room ) I be gonna get the bitch on the phone . Brown be stop short by the sight of Rachel phelps stand in the middle of the locker room as various unclad player dive for cover . rachel you want to see the bitch ? brown yeh . rachel do not you think you oughta cover yourself with a towel first , Mr. Brown ? brown there be not any towel , and I be too old to be diving under bench . rachel well , I can take it if you can . brown what happen to the new whirlpool we be suppose to get ? rachel Revenue problem have force we to cut back on equipment . we will simply have to fix the old one . brown you fix it six time already . and now there 's no hot water in the shower . rachel the pipe in this building be old and rusted . we be replace they , but it 's a long , expensive process . brown how be I suppose to keep my player healthy with cold water and no therapy equipment ? rachel you player will just have to get a little tougher . what be they , a bunch of pansy ? immediately , 30 arm shoot up behind she in the italian " up - yours " gesture . she turn around , but by then the player have quickly return to normal position . brown over 162 game even tough guy get sprain , sore arm , muscle pull ... rachel it 's only temporary . besides , this guy be not play that good when the equipment be workin' . if I could get anybody to come and watch this team , none of this would be necessary . you oughta be grateful I can still pay you salaries . with that , Rachel turn and walk out . Brown and the other can only watch she go . CUT to : omit sequence omit from original script . omit sequence omit from original script . CUT to : sportscaster ross farmer on the air . farmer in case you have not notice , and judge by attendance , you have not , the Indians , that think - to - be hopeless collection of have -been 's and never- will - be 's be actually approach the .500 mark , and with it , semi-respectability . nothing to write home about , to be sure , but at least we do not have to cover we eye . int . the injun diner - day Bobby , Vic and johnny be at the counter . VIC ya know , they could be a lot worse . int . private gym - day the Business executive be talk with a friend while work out on the nautilus machine . business executive ya know , I may have underestimate this team a bit . ext . the cleveland dock - day the two longshoremen again . longshoreman ya know , this guy be not so fuckin ' bad . ext . cleveland municipal stadium - day the two groundskeeper be repair the pitcher 's mound . groundskeeper ( in subtitles ) they be still shitty . omit sequence omit from original script . omit sequence omit from original script . [ ... ] Brown storm out of the dugout , do he best to look incense . taylor ah shit , here come Lou . gimme a break , mel . I gotta get outta here . wingo all right , kick some dirt on I . the commissioner will buy that . taylor right . good idea . Taylor begin kick dirt on wingo 's shoe , ala billy Martin . wingo take a dramatic hop , skip and jump and give Taylor the heave - ho thumb just as Brown arrive . wingo turn away . brown ( to wingo ) hey , do not you go anywhere . I wanna have a few word with you . Brown grab Taylor and pull he aside . brown ( under he breath ) what be we arguin ' about here ? taylor ( struggle as if he want to get at wingo ) fucker call that a ball . brown you mean the one that be a foot outside ? taylor yeh . Taylor break away and start back to the dugout . play it to the hilt , he throw he glove and mask to the ground on the way . meanwhile , Brown be go jaw to jaw with wingo , outrage at the call . Brown pull a carrot out of he back pocket , and offer it to wingo , who immediately thumb he out . lynn leave she seat and start up the aisle . Taylor come up the stair from the locker room , still in full uniform . he emerge onto the box level to see Lynn disappear down the ramp toward the parking lot . lynn in the parking lot . as she go to unlock she car , Taylor look around hurriedly for some kind of vehicle to follow she in . he bang on the bullpen gate and be admit by the guard . Inside be the bullpen car , a soupe - up golf cart with a body shape like a bat helmet . Taylor hop in and roar out after Lynn . int . cleveland athletic club - night Lynn come out of the dress room into the pool area , desert this time of night . she wear a racing suit , but let she hair hang free . the pool glow like a sheet of emerald glass . she shake down a beat , curl she toe around the cope , slowly bend at the waist , and then launch into a full - out racing dive . we watch as she swim a 100 yard individual medley ; first the butterfly , then the backstroke , breaststroke and finally freestyle . we condense the time , of course , shoot some underwater , some slo - mo , as she knife through the water , she hair flow behind she , a athlete alone with she medium . the sequence should convey not only the grace of she stroke and she athletic ability , but the fluid beauty of swim , its synthesis of power and form . as she begin the freestyle leg , another body appear in the pool next to she . it 's Jake , and he 's racing she the final lap . she immediately respond to the challenge , digging harder , pick up she kick . they go neck and neck for 20 yard , but Lynn have one more gear and touch he by half a body length at the wall . both be wind . taylor you still get that great kick . just like the first time I ever see you . lynn you follow I here too ? taylor yeh , what do you want to see I about ? lynn what do you mean ? taylor you would not have be at the game if you do not want to see I about something . lynn ( get out of the pool ) I just want to see you play . taylor how be I ? lynn you look good , but you oughta open you stance a little . they be pitching you inside . taylor I will try that . you wanna have some dinner ? lynn sorry , I already eat . taylor right . I forget you life be different now . lynn ( get out of the pool ) thanks for the race . taylor ( watch she go ) anytime . int . lynn be car - night driving through the city on she way home . Lynn glance in the rear-view mirror and spot Taylor follow she . she smile to herself . Taylor , of course , think he 's go undetected . we begin a short sequence during which Lynn try to lose Taylor in a chase through Cleveland , car vs. bat helmet . the logistic will have to be work out in Cleveland , but suffice it to say , by the end of the chase she appear to have ditch he . ext . lynn' apartment - night Lynn come up the stair , unlock the apartment door and step inside . there 's no particular urgency . she feel sure she 's shake Taylor . the apartment be full of pack box . tire from the chase , Lynn drop she bag on a box and slump down on the couch . it 's obvious she 's not all that happy to have lose Taylor . she go to the window and look down to the street for some sign of he . see nothing , she turn away from the window disappointed , and start back to the couch , when something stop she . it 's Taylor , stand in the doorway . taylor whose place be we at this time ? lynn ( flustered ) mine . you follow I again ? taylor yeh . when I see you at the game , I figure you want to see I about something . lynn I just want to see you play . taylor how be I ? lynn you look good , but you oughta open you stance a little . they be pitchin ' you inside . taylor I will try that . Taylor give a perfunctory nod . they look at each other a second . there 's still plenty there . Taylor begin to come toward she . we hear he cleat on the floor . she back off , but not with real conviction . lynn I think I oughta tell you that I be move in with Tom . taylor goin ' uptown , huh ? lynn I be not goin ' uptown , I just want to lead a regular life . you know , like a adult maybe . with a house and a garden and normal hour . taylor you think I can not lead a regular life ? lynn you like the life you have have , Jake . you like hangin ' out with the boy , livin ' in hotel , eatin ' dinner at midnight , have girl send you they underwear in the mail . remember the surprise party I throw for you when you make the all - Star team ? you never show up , but the doorbell ring once and we all get quiet and hide behind the furniture . it be a guy to serve you with a paternity suit . taylor that be a hoax . the girl be just try to get some publicity . lynn yes , but you have obviously be with she . and it happen in front of all we friend . taylor I be drownin ' , Lynn . the endorsement be dryin ' up , my knee be goin ' , they be talkin ' about sendin ' I down . I be just try to hold on to somethin' , prove to myself I be still a all - Star . I do not care about that anymore . I know I do not have much time leave in baseball . I be just a guy try to put he life back together . thinkin ' about you be the only thing that keep I goin ' in Mexico . Lynn look at he a long beat . lynn I have come back to you too many time , Jake . I can not afford to believe you anymore . Lynn be back up against a desk now . she could move out but do not . taylor I guess this be we last hurrah then . lynn I guess so . do you really read " moby Dick ? " taylor cover to cover . Taylor come forward to kiss she , tentatively at first . they conversation be interwoven with the slowly deepen intensity of they kissing . taylor when 's the wedding ? lynn October third . taylor you mom and dad like this guy ? lynn you be still they favorite . they be unbuttone each other 's shirt now . taylor gonna be a big wedding ? lynn Tom do not like big wedding . you coulda read plot outline of 101 great novel . taylor where ? lynn at any library . taylor I mean the wedding . lynn all Saints on euclid . taylor Nice church . lynn yeh . who save ishmael at the end ? taylor nobody . it be queequeg 's coffin . be I invite ? lynn where ? taylor to the wedding . lynn if you want . maybe you really do read it . they shirt be off now . lynn this do not change anything , you know . we be always good at this . taylor Lynn ? lynn what ? taylor the zipper on you skirt be stick . lynn use you imagination . Taylor 's spike come down across she skirt , catch in the material , rip it from she body and pin it to the wood floor . Taylor step out of the shoe and whisk Lynn out of frame . we hold on the skirt , nail to the floor by the cleat . int . lynn' bedroom - morning Taylor waken and turn over to find Lynn go . he look around but there 's no sign of she . ext . lynn' apartment - day Taylor come down the step , get in he car , and drive out of frame . we hold on the shot , and ... dissolve to : the same shot - that night Taylor 's car pull into frame . he get out and go up the step . there 's one light on in the apartment window . Taylor come up to the door and knock . get no answer , he push it open to find that the apartment be completely empty . just bare hardwood floor . Taylor stand forlorn in the center of the room a beat , then walk on out , switch off the overhead light as he go . int . rachel phelp ' office - day donovan be present once again . Rachel do not look pleased . rachel well , my worst fear have be confirm . we be 60 and 60 , nine game out of first , and only two out of the first division . who do that guy think they be ? donovan maybe you just have to accept the fact that they be not as bad as you would hope . rachel I do not have to accept anything . we attendance be only beginning to rise . if we can force a lose streak for a week or two , we can still turn this thing around . the fan be use to loser here . at the first sign of a slump they will give up on this team . donovan what 's leave to do ? you have take away everything you can . rachel not everything . CUT to : ext . rural highway - day we pick up a decrepit old Greyhound bus come down the highway , belching smoke like a diesel semi . on the side we see the visage of Chief wahoo and the word " indian Express . " int . indian express - day complete with all the luxury of the average school bus . Temple be look at a memo from Rachel phelps . temple memo say we will only be usin ' this for short trip . brown good thing we do not play anybody in Europe . taylor and haye Taylor be stare out the window , still morose about Lynn 's leave . a stack of classics illustrate comic sit next to he . haye can I borrow one of that , man ? they do not have any magazine on this bus . taylor sure , go ahead . I think my read day be over . haye macbeth . this a good one ? taylor ( point to he stack of classics ) this be all Hall of famer . haye be impressed . ext . CITY of new york - night the indian Express make its way through the street of New York , enroute to the indian 's hotel . int . indian express - full shot we see that now most of the team be read classic comic . haye ( to dorn ) I will trade you song of hiawatha for the deerslayer . dorn naw , I be not into song of hiawatha . haye all right then , how about crime and punishment ? dorn yeh , that sound pretty good . that 's a detective story , right ? haye yeh . int . indian express - night the bus slow down and pull over to the curb . driver this be it . the Sheffield arm . the player all crowd to the window to get a glimpse of they hotel . Hotel be actually overstate it . this place be one cut below the ymca . brown I do not know if we can survive any more of this economy measure . int . the sheffield arm - day we pick up Taylor , haye and Vaughn come into they dilapidate hotel room . peel wall and ceiling , rickety furniture , rusted bathroom fixture . Taylor sprawl down on one of the cot . it collapse on the floor in a cloud of dust . ext . yankee stadium - day Vaughn be on the mound warming up . doyle ( v.o. ) so , ricky Vaughn , rough up in he only other appearance against the yankee , will see what he can do with the bronx bomber this time . Vaughn , after a slow start , have come on lately and now lead the american League in strikeout with 221 . Vaughn finish he warmup . as Taylor pump the ball down to second , Vaughn hear a voice from the yankee dug-out . voice hey , jailbird ! Vaughn glance over and see that one of the yankee be dress in a stripe prison uniform . he also wear long earring , high heel , and of course , glass . Vaughn try to ignore the guy , but he concentration be break . Vaughn step up on the rubber for he first pitch . he wind and fire . the yankee leadoff hitter rip a one- hopper to the wall in right center . haye run it down and gun it back to the infield to hold the guy to a double . the convict whoops it up . Vaughn get back up on the rubber . as he come to the stretch , he catch sight of the convict again . the guy be do a pantomime , sneaking up to a car and pick the lock , much to the delight of he teammate . Vaughn throw he pitch in the dirt and all the way to the backstop . the runner on second go to third . taylor ( throw the ball back ) c'mon , Rick baby , settle down . Vaughn get ready again . the convict finish pick the lock and then be suddenly arrest . he put he hand against the wall and spread he leg for a weapon check , crack up the whole bench . Vaughn be get a little steam . his next pitch be hammer into leave for a single , scoring a run . three shot of vaughn throw pitch , follow by : shot of the third hitter lining a double down the right field line , the FOURTH hitter a triple off the center field wall , and the fifth hitter a single to right . the scoreboard now read 4 to 0 yankee . Taylor come out to talk to Vaughn . taylor what 's the problem , Rick ? you be throwin ' basketball up there . that guy in the dugout botherin ' you ? vaughn naw , I be all right . taylor forget he . worry about the guy carryin ' bat . c'mon , ricky , let 's get nasty . Vaughn nod as Taylor trot back behind the plate . Vaughn get set again as he old nemesis , haywood , step into the batter 's box . haywood have a sly smile on he face . as Vaughn come to he stretch , the convict go back into he act . he 's in jail now , struggle against the bar . finally he bend over and grab he ankle , while one of he teammate hump up against he , pretend to bugger he . this send the yankee bench into hysterics . Vaughn have lose it now . he fire to the plate and haywood creams another tape measure job into the upper deck . haye do not even bother to run back to the wall . he just watch it go . 6-0 yankee . brown I think now that Vaughn have some control , he be ready for the yankee . pepper not quite yet . Brown make he way to the mound to take Vaughn out . doyle ( v.o. ) so , Vaughn pitch in some tough luck here as the yankee put together as few squib hit and take a 6 - 0 lead . doyle in the press box . the stadium below be empty , the grounds crew cover the infield . doyle well , the Indians make a gallant comeback today , but fall one run short as the yankee hold on for a 6 - 5 victory , although they do not do squat after the first inning . anyway , if the bus make it here from the hotel we will be on at 7:30 tomorrow night . till then , this be Harry doyle , say so long , everybody , and happy hunting . int . the HOTEL bar - night Brown be alone in the bar have a drink . a figure sit down on the stool next to he . it 's donovan . donovan mind if I join you ? brown ( surprised to see he ) donovan . Hell no . what be you doin ' here ? donovan just want to get out on the road . you damn near pull one out today . brown someday we will figure out how to beat that guy . donovan ya know , you have do a helluva job this year . brown sixty and sixty - one be hardly a helluva job . donovan with this club it be . brown ya know , when I first get to camp I figure this team have no chance . I be just hopin ' we would win enough that I could stay on and really start to build something here . but there 's a lotta talent on this club , Charlie . the veteran be start to play back to form and the rookie be develop faster than I think . there 's two or three potential all - star in there . I think we be a first division team right now . donovan you really believe that , do not you ? brown I know it . all we need be something to bring it all together . donovan Rachel phelps would never allow that . brown what do you mean ? donovan she do not want you in the first division . she do not even want you in Cleveland . on Brown 's incredulous face , we ... CUT to : int . indian locker room - day the player be all gather around , obviously have be call together by Brown . brown ( address the group ) I get something ' I think you oughta know about . I would not have know about it myself if Charlie donovan have not tell I , although I shoulda guess it from everything that 's happen . it seem that Mrs. phelps do not think too highly of we worth . we take several cut of face around the room . brown she put this team together because she think we would be bad enough to finish dead last , knockin ' attendance down to the point where she could move the team to Miami . ( pause ) and get rid of all of we for better personnel . Taylor , Vaughn , haye , dorn , and the other can hardly believe what they be hearing . dorn even I ? brown even you , dorn . silence descend on the room . haye in other word , phelps think we be all dink . that we do not belong in the big league . brown that 's about it . harris what if we do not finish last ? brown she will replace you with somebody who will . after this season , you will all be send back to the minor or give you outright release . ( pause ) so , all we be gonna get be this one year . Taylor survey the bow head around the room . he stand to address the group . taylor I do not know about the rest of you , but I have be playin ' baseball since I be five year old . I have have some good year and some year to forget . I have burn out my knee ... I do not think I have three finger that work right ... I have lose most of the money I make and baseball have mess up my personal life from time to time . but I know one thing ... I can still play this game a little . and I would like to know who in this room think they be the kinda bum Mrs. phelps be lookin ' for ? eye dart around the room , then come back to Taylor . no hand be raise ... taylor well , then , I guess there 's only one thing to do . dorn what 's that ? taylor win the whole fuckin ' thing . we take cut of the startle face of the player . as the idea sink in , they begin to come to life . music begin and we be into a ... montage sequence detail the newly-motivated Indians ' drive for the pennant and the " pennant fever " it create in Cleveland . we begin with ... brown hang a full size blowup of Rachel phelps on the locker room wall . in the picture she 's point as if out at the player , and a bubble above she head say , " you guy stink ! " a set of designer clothes , of the type Rachel wear , have be superimpose on the picture . the clothes be divide into 32 pull - off square . brown I figure it 's gonna take 32 more victory to win this thing . every time we win , we peel a square . haye come out of a elevator in the Turk , with a wheelbarrow full of dirt . we pan he down the hall , where we see a dirt slide area he 's be building up . haye lead off a makeshift base in the hall of the Turk . as Vaughn toss a ball up in the air , haye take off down the hall toward another base on the dirt slide area . Vaughn catch the ball and rifle a throw down to Taylor , who put the tag on the slide haye . cerrano , who 's umping , call haye out . haye jump up and argue vociferously , hopping around in frustration . omit sequence omit from original script . pepper hit one rocket - shot ground ball after another at dorn . some bounce off he chest and arm , but dorn stay in front of every one . dorn take off he shirt in the locker room . his chest be a mass of welt and bruise . cerrano " polish " he bat with black shoe polish and a brush . taylor take bat practice late at night . he attack the ball swing after swing . omit sequence omit from original script . vaughn take he stretch with a man on first , and fire to the plate . the batter swing and miss for strike three , while the runner on first break for second . taylor rifle a throw down to second nail the runner for a double play . dorn take a hot smash off he chest . he pick it up and gun the runner down . omit sequence omit from original script . haye steal home , as the oppose pitcher try frantically to hurry he windup . haye slide across safely , hook to the infield side . he jump up and punch the air with he fist . haye nail up the pair of black glove he use to steal home above he bed . newspaper headline " indian win fifth straight , crack first division " ext . parking lot - night Ross Farmer , microphone in hand , stand in front of a blaze bonfire . a large crowd cheer as various people throw doormat on the blaze . farmer ( to tv camera ) you remember bra burn in the ' 70' , well , the newest thing in Cleveland be doormat burn as indian fan be stand up and say " we will not be step on anymore " . three quick shot of vaughn blow fast ball by hitter . rachel with donovan next to she , watch all this good play in disgust . a angel hitter lining a single to center . cerrano charge it and fire to the plate as a runner try to score from second . just as Taylor catch the ball , he 's once again knock flat by the runner . this time he lie still a beat , and then a arm come up hold the ball . the umpire thumb the runner out . taylor late at night , sit head - down in the outboard motor whirlpool . he 's hurt . ext . cleveland downtown STREET - day we pick up three teenage Girls walk down the street wear t-shirt that say wild thing --i think I love you . a Black kid come by wear black glove on each hand . as he pass , he hold up one finger signify number one . the Girls return the signal . ext . executive's office - day the Business executive pass he secretary 's desk , give she some instruction , and go into he office . as soon as he 's out of sight , she open she drawer and slip the earplug from a portable radio into she ear . over , we hear the Indians ' broadcast . the executive inside he office . he open he desk drawer and pull out a earplug . he 's also listen to the game . omit sequence omit from original script . omit sequence omit from original script . int . burlesque joint - night the stripper be wear a squaw costume , with black glove and a wild thing T-shirt . several member of the audience have radio earplug on . newspaper headline " indian sweep oriole , move into second . " series of shot of square of leopard skin fabric be peel away . under one be reveal a section of bare hip and thigh . under another , a navel . under still another , the edge of a bare breast and arm . the indian team all dress in tuxedo , pose " team picture " style on the infield of Municipal Stadium . team ( in unison ) hello , do you know we ? taylor we be a Major League baseball team , but since we have not win a pennant in thirty year , nobody recognize we , not even in we own hometown . vaughn that 's why we carry the american Express card . no matter how far out of first we be , it keep we from get shut out at we favorite hotel and restaurant . cerrano so if you be look for some big league clout , apply for the little green home run hitter . taylor look what it 's do for we . people still do not recognize we , but ... ( whisper ) ... we be in the first division now . haye slide across home plate in he tuxedo and stop in frame . he hold up a american Express card in a black - glove hand . haye the american Express card . do not steal home without it . shot of fan filing into Cleveland Municipal Stadium . ticket be rip , program sell , etc . taylor swinging and hit a home run into the leave field seat . the bleacher band beat the tom-tom and whooping it up . the shot widen to reveal they be no longer alone in the stand . haye nail up another pair of glove above he head . there be a lot of they up there now . int . the indian bus - night on the road again . everyone 's asleep except Taylor who lie across he seat , heating pad on he knee . the longshoremen ( possible omit ) watch tv in a Cleveland work - class bar . also cheer the Indians be several punk and heavy metal kid , they face paint with indian war paint . strange bedfellow . cerrano hit a prodigious home run onto the roof . donovan stand up to cheer cerrano 's homer , then remember he 's with Rachel . he sit down apologetically . Rachel watch the event on the field with a face of cold steel . taylor hit a double into the right centerfield alley with two runner on . haye , the trail runner , catch up with the lead runner , and they reach the plate at about the same time , one slide around the catcher one way , one around the other . both score as the catcher try to tag both and get neither . fan in the stand go wild , while the indian mascot dance on top of the dugout . tv screen the program in progress be suddenly interrupt by a Sports - break logo appear on the screen . voice we interrupt this program to bring you the follow special bulletin . ross farmer live outside the indian 's locker room . he wear a headdress , warpaint , and a Wild thing T-shirt . farmer good evening , everybody . the incredible have happen . the Indians have finish the regular season in a first place tie with the New York yankee on the strength of a 4 - 2 win over the Tigers in Detroit today . there will be a one - game playoff here in Cleveland the day after tomorrow to decide the Eastern division championship , the Indians have win the coin flip hold just moment ago in the american League office . we will have further detail on the news at 11 , but for now , get you tomahawk ready , Cleveland . closeup - a piece of leopard skin fabric we hear cheer as it 's rip away to reveal the photographic image of Rachel 's cleavage . we pull back to see the life - size poster be now completely peel . Rachel stare out at we in a g-string and tassel . the photo be obviously from she showgirl day . General merriment prevail in the locker room . player shaking hand , back slapping , etc . haye come by to exchange congratulation with Taylor . music and montage end . haye hey , not bad for a have -been and a never- will - be . taylor we have not win anything yet . we still get one more to go . dorn come by Taylor 's locker . dorn hey , Taylor , there 's a coupla drop - dead anny outside . one of them say she use to know you pretty good . brunette , great rack ... taylor Darla . dorn yeh . what doya say we chat them up ? taylor ( without much enthusiasm ) I do not know ... dorn c'mon , you be not gonna keep moonin ' over that library chick , be you ? forget she , she 's go . we leave Taylor think it over . int . dorn' house - night Suzanne dorn be watch the 11 o'clock news . hal charle be hold forth . charle the Indians be spend the night in Detroit and will bus back to Cleveland in the morning . we be go to go back now to Ross Farmer who 's stand by at the Hotel stanley where the Indians be stay in Detroit . Ross ? the scene shift to ... the lobby of the stanley HOTEL where Ross Farmer stand , microphone in hand . behind he several player can be see party in the bar . farmer thank you , hal . as you can see , the Indians be in high spirit tonight , look forward to they showdown with the yankee . who will start that game be still a matter of some conjecture . as Ross talk , dorn walk into the frame in the far background with he arm around a young lovely . they be nuzzling and hugging , unaware they be on camera , albeit in the background . Suzanne do not miss it though . she move closer to the screen to get a better look . dorn and the girl get in a elevator together , obviously go upstairs . as the elevator close , Suzanne hit the off button . she sit there a second in shock , and then she face begin to harden . int . taylor's HOTEL room - night Taylor and darla be undress , preparatory to get into bed . they be definitely no stranger to each other . darla you still get that black corvette ? the one that the sound system take up the whole trunk ? taylor no , I have to sell it . darla I think they give they to ya . taylor not after you knee go bad . darla that 's all right , you will be gettin ' a new one now . Darla be down to she bra and panty . she put she leg up on the bed to unhook she stocking . Taylor be about to take off he pants , but stop . taylor Darla , I do not think I can do this . darla what do you mean ? we do this between inning once . taylor I guess I be just not that guy anymore . Darla look at he a long beat . darla ( resign ) happens to the best of they sooner or later . what 's she name ? ext . hall outside taylor be room - night the door open and Darla come out , fully clothed now . she turn to say goodbye to Jake , who be still bare - chest . darla so long , Jake . too bad . I be gonna devote a whole chapter to you in my book . as Darla give Jake a goodbye peck , the elevator door open across the hall , and out step Lynn . she 's obviously rattle by the sight of Taylor and Darla together . lynn Excuse I . I be in town for a conference and think I would drop by , but I can see you be busy ... with that she quickly step back into the elevator and the door close . taylor Lynn , wait ... Taylor leap to the elevator door , but it 's too late . he then sprint to the end of the hall and down the stair . taylor run down the stair and into the lobby . see no sign of Lynn , he race out the front door to see she pull out in a taxi . he can only stand and watch she disappear into the night . int . the indian ' bus - day we pick up Vaughn make he way to the back of the bus , where Brown have he " office " on the last seat . most of the other player be asleep after a late night of party . vaughn you want to see I ? brown yeh , Rick . I just want to tell you that I be startin' Harris tomorrow against the yankee , even though it 's you turn in the rotation . Vaughn say nothing , but he 's clearly disappointed . brown he 's get more experience and a little better record against the yankee . vaughn yeh , sure . whatever 's best for the team . brown do not read anything into it , Rick . you be one of the guy that get we here . vaughn yeh , okay . Vaughn turn and walk back up the aisle . Brown watch he go , know he 's still upset . ext . municipal stadium - day the indian bus pull up outside the Stadium , where a group of several thousand fan wait . the player be shower with cheer and applause as they file out . int . bar - night Vaughn sit in the bar alone , nursing a beer , still troubled by he demotion . he hear a sexy voice behind he . voice you mind if I join you ? Vaughn turn around to see Suzanne dorn . she 's dress to draw blood , look better than we have ever see she . she slide into the booth . vaughn I do not think I would be very good company tonight . suzanne why not ? vaughn nothin ' . job problem . Vaughn fall silent . Suzanne stare at he with a devastating combination of sexual heat and tender admiration . she 's pull out all the stop . Vaughn 's a little flustered . vaughn I be , ah , a ball player . suzanne I know , but that 's not why I come over . I do not chase ball player . vaughn why do you come over then ? suzanne because you be the sexiest man I have ever laid eye on , and you look like you could use a ... friend . we go to Vaughn . forget it . he 's a goner . int . vaughn be room - night Vaughn have doze off in the bed . Suzanne , be get dress . Vaughn wake up as she finish . vaughn where you goin ' ? suzanne I have gotta get home . vaughn I do not even get you name . suzanne Suzanne . Suzanne dorn vaughn ( have hear that name someplace before ) Suzanne dorn ? suzanne Mrs. Suzanne dorn. ( kissing he on the forehead ) so long . you be a great kid . with that she walk on out , leave Vaughn daze by the knowledge of who he 's just sleep with . the hall outside vaughn' room Taylor be come back from the bathroom down the hall as Suzanne come out of Vaughn 's room . suzanne ( nonchalant ) hello , Jake . taylor hello , Suzanne . Taylor be amaze by what he 's just see . as soon as Suzanne be out of sight , he go to Vaughn 's room and open the door . taylor Vaughn ? Vaughn be sit on he bed in a state of disbelief . vaughn I swear to God I do not know who she be . Taylor nod that it 's all right even though he do not believe it . dissolve to : omit sequence omit from original script . the limo pull up outside the church . Lynn be help out of the car by she Father . as she start up the step , she see that both side be line by the entire Cleveland Indians team in uniform . they form a arch of bat as she pass . at the top of the step be Taylor . Lynn stop as she father usher she mother on into the church . taylor you look beautiful . lynn thank you . I do not think you would come . taylor I can not stay . ( indicate the team ) we gotta get to the park . lynn good luck today , Jake . taylor yeh , you too . ( pause ) tell I one thing . the night you come up to my hotel -- be there really a library conference ? lynn no , I come to see you . taylor too bad it do not work out better . I just wanna say I be sorry for all the thing I have put you through over the year . lynn even for last night ? taylor can not be sorry for that . nothing happen . he say this with absolute conviction . despite herself , Lynn sense that he 's tell the truth . lynn then you be not defend my honor again ? taylor I do not have to . she know she be outclass . Lynn smile . he give she a kiss and watch as she go inside . he stand there a long beat , then turn and walk slowly down the step past he teammate . int . rachel phelp ' office - day Rachel be look out at the empty stadium . there 's a knock at the door . rachel come in . the door be open by a male Secretary and in step Lou Brown . rachel hello , Lou , what can I do for ya ? Lou put a fold piece of paper on she desk . brown I want to hand in my resignation before you have a chance to fire I . rachel what do you mean ? brown I know what you be tryin ' to do with this team . after the season , I want no part of it . rachel well , I know I could count on Charlie to tell somebody . I be just afraid he might take too long . brown why would you want he to tell somebody ? rachel so you would tell the team , hopefully get they mad enough to knock themselves out try to prove they belong in this league . I think it work . brown you tryin ' to make I believe you want we to win all along ? Rachel nod . brown bullshit . what about the plane , the bus , the bad hotel ... rachel we be break . we could not afford anything better . Donald leave the team nearly bankrupt . if we would have another lose season , I would have have to sell the team . I know we could not win with the team we have , so I decide to bring in new player and see how they would do with the proper motivation . there be never any offer from Miami . I make it all up . brown why should I believe any of this ? now that we be winnin ' it 's easy for you to jump on the bandwagon . rachel if I would really want you to lose , all I have to do be send the best player back to the minor . but I do not , do I ? Brown have no comeback for this . he know now that she 's tell the truth . rachel you think this be all a accident ? I personally scout every member of this team , except haye , of course . he be a surprise . they all have flaw which conceal they real talent , or I would not have be able to get they . but I know if anyone could straighten they out , you could . and if you tell they any of this , I will fire you . Brown can only shake he head at this whole thing . rachel I love this team , Lou . go get them tonight . the two shake hand . Brown look at Rachel a beat , still look for some sign of duplicity . finally he give she a grudge smile of respect . int . the turk - late afternoon Taylor , haye , Vaughn and the other be get ready to board the bus to the stadium . Taylor pull Vaughn aside . taylor I do not know what dorn 's wife be up to , but I think it would be best if you dress early and get out to the bullpen before dorn come in . Vaughn nod . haye ( to Taylor ) we get a problem . cerrano want some extra power for tonight . he 's lookin ' to sacrifice a live chicken . we can not have people pukin ' in the locker room before the game . taylor tell he not to worry , I will take care of it . int . dorn' house - late afternoon dorn be ready to leave for the park . dorn bye bye , honey , wish I luck . suzanne before you go , there 's something I wanta tell you . uh oh , we know what this be all about . CUT to : ext . cleveland municipal stadium - night the place be jamme . 75,000 scream maniac , most of they deck out in war paint and head dress . some carry plastic scalp with yankee hat on they . other have cap with the european " no " insignia superimpose over a door mat . doyle in the press box . colorman here 's you bourbon . doyle wo not need it tonight . the locker room starkly quiet in contrast to the stadium outside . each player have retreat into he own world of concentration . dorn approach Taylor , who 's fitting heavy athletic brace on both knee . dorn you know where Vaughn be ? taylor nope . have not see he . dorn let I know if you do . I wanna have a little talk with he . dorn move off . cerrano where 's my chicken ? taylor it 's comin ' in now . we see a bat Boy enter with a bucket of fry chicken . cerrano look at it in bewilderment . taylor one whole chicken , like you say . cerrano but it no alive . taylor believe I , jo - buu will like this . he 's gotta be gettin ' tired of raw chicken . as cerrano heft the bucket somewhat skeptically and take it to he altar , we ... CUT to : harris warming up in the bullpen . the tension of start such a important game show in he face . doyle hello , everybody , Harry doyle bid you a wahoo welcome from beautiful Municipal Stadium , where tonight before a capacity crowd of 75,000 scream featherhead , the brave of the Cuyahoga will leave they teepee in search of Cleveland 's first League championship in over 30 year . stand in the way , they long time nemesis , the New York yankee , the Big boy of Broadway , who have beat the Indians like a tom - tom all year long . down in the dugout , the player be line up ready to take the field . they exchange word of encouragement , hand slap , clench fist , but all at a very low key level . this be tension time . brown all right , guy , let 's take it to them . the Indians charge onto the field to a stand ovation . in the center field bleacher thelma 's victory blanket contain the score of every indian game for the season , hang from a railing . Bobby , Vic and johnny pound the tom - tom lead the stadium in a monster version of " in the land of Burning Waters . " even the groundskeeper join in . two down in the first . Harris look sharp so far ... bounce ball to third . dorn up with it . harris throw the first pitch . the yankee hitter grounds one to dorn who throw he out . the scoreboard 0 - 0 in the 3rd . cerrano strike out on a curve ball . haye robbing a yankee of a home run by make a leaping catch over the fence . taylor pick a yankee runner off first . the scoreboard 0 - 0 in the 5th . omit sequence omit from original script . cerrano strike out on a curve ball , try to check he swing . umpire emphatically punch he out . doyle look past he to the field . Harris be on the mound . there 's a runner on second . doyle still nothing -- nothing , top of the seventh , two down . Harris have be in trouble all night , but have battle he way out with the help of some great defensive play . Harris come set and deliver . the yankee hitter , burton , ( L ) swing and get all of it . doyle ( v.o. ) uh oh , this one 's tag . deep center field . Way back . Way back . haye climb up on the wall , but it 's long go . Home run . doyle ( v.o. ) it 's off the reservation , home run . and the yankee lead it 2 - 0 . rachel be BOX ( insert storyboard # 209g ) rachel shit . donovan be a little confuse by this . burton trot around the basis and be greet by jubilant teammate at the plate . a silent pall fall on the stadium . as the " 2 " go up on the scoreboard , we ... CUT to : haye pop up and fling he bat away in frustration . we take cut of the worried fan , chew fingernails , wadding up program , hang they head , etc . taylor ground out , obviously have trouble run . we take cut of worried face on the bench . dorn step into the batter 's box . the crowd be practically sit on its hand now . hope drain away . doyle ( v.o. ) dorn up now , two down , bottom of the seventh . the Indians run out of chance . dorn swing at the first pitch and line a sharp single to leave . the crowd and the indian bench suddenly come alive . cerrano move to the plate . doyle ( v.o. ) that will bring on cerrano , hitless tonight . as a matter of fact , he have not touch the ball yet . the crowd and bleacher band begin to clap as dorn take he lead . cerrano swing at the first pitch and miss . a audible groan go through the crowd . the yankee pitcher get set again , and throw cerrano a big , roundhouse curve . he miss it a foot . Strike two . brown damn , havin ' trouble with the curve ball again . haye we should have get he a live chicken . cerrano step out and begin to talk to he bat , gesture and point as if argue with he wife . cerrano I piss off now , jo - buu . I good to you , I stand up for you . if you no help I now , I say fuck you , jo - buu . I do it myself . cerrano get back in the box and dig in . the yankee pitcher come to he stretch and deliver . another big break curve ball . cerrano swing and knock the crap out of it . everyone in the stand and on the bench jump to they foot , root for the ball to get out . doyle ( storyboard # 212ee ) doyle Long drive , deep centerfield . Way back . it might be . it could be . the ball be ... downtown , welcome to the happy hunting Ground . the game be tie . the fan go crazy as cerrano circle the basis . rachel be BOX ( storyboard # 212gg ) Rachel jump out of she seat , hand above she head . donovan hesitates a beat , then follow suit . cerrano carry he bat with he , hold it high above he head . as cerrano disappear into the dugout , we go to the scoreboard as the 2 go up . doyle ( storyboard # 212nn ) doyle two down in the top of the ninth , still tie at 2 , Harris work on a eight-hitter . CUT to : yankee hitter lining a single to right field . Harris mop he brow , obviously tiring . another yankee hitter smash a double off the wall , the lead runner stop at third . Brown signal to the bullpen to get somebody warm . harris on the mound , look like he 's out of gas . doyle ( v.o. ) activity continue in the pen , as Harris be really digging himself a hole now . he get the first two hitter , and then give up a single and a double and have now go 3 - 0 to cheever . Harris come set and fire to the plate . it 's way high . doyle ( v.o. ) High , ball four and they be load for haywood , the biggest indian killer of they all . Brown have see enough . he make he way to the mound . brown ( take the ball from Harris ) you pitch a hell of a game , Steve . take a seat and we will see if we can get this guy for ya . Brown signal to the bullpen with he leave hand . brown give I Vaughn . taylor ( surprised ) you want Vaughn ? brown I know he have not do real well against this guy , but I get a hunch he 's due . vaughan stride in from the bullpen . he do not look relaxed . as he near the infield he purposely do not look at dorn . dorn stare at he with undisguise venom . as vaughan get to the mound , he see patton get he convict uniform on in the yankee dugout . he look away to see haywood in the on-deck circle smile out at he . meanwhile , the crowd have go nut at the sight of Vaughn . Bobby , Vic and johnny be blast out " Wild thing " on the tom-tom and the whole stadium , 75,000 strong , be sing it . doyle just push the mic forward and let the crowd do it 's work . brown okay , ricky , haywood like the hard stuff in . Curve he on the hand , bust he away , and do not get up with anything . you listenin ' to I Rick ? Vaughn nod , but we can tell he 's too nervous to have digested any of that . brown ( pat he on the butt ) o.k. , kid , you be my man . let 's go get he . taylor c'mon ricky , this guy be the out you be waitin ' you whole life for . Brown and Taylor leave Vaughn alone on the mound , the singing of the crowd ringing in he ear . doyle ( insert storyboard # 216n ) doyle o.k. Vaughn have finish he warmup and we be ready to ... no sooner have Taylor settle in behind the plate , than dorn start toward the mound . Vaughn watch he come with fear and trepidation . taylor ( see it ) oh , shit . dorn arrive at the mound , and hold out he hand for the ball . Vaughn give it to he . dorn rub it up , stare long and hard into Vaughn 's eye . Vaughn be sweat bullet . finally dorn speak . dorn let 's cut through the crap . I only get one thing to say to you . just rear back and strike this motherfucker out . he smile and hand Vaughn the ball back . Vaughn return the smile and accept the ball . while dorn trot back to he position , Vaughn turn he back to the plate for one last moment of concentration . as he turn around to face we , we see a new man as the wick open chord of X 's " Wild thing " be hear on the track , only louder and more savage than before . Vaughn step up on the rubber , he face harden into fierce resolve . there 's nothing nervous about he now . this kid be gonna make somebody pay . doyle ( v.o. ) haywood step in , the american League triple crown winner . .341 average , 48 homer , 121 r.b.i .'s . he 's homer the only two time he 's face Vaughn . Taylor set down a sign . two finger for the curve ball . Vaughn shake it off . Taylor put down another sign . Vaughn shake it off . finally , Taylor put down one finger -- the fast ball . Vaughn nod with steely purpose . taylor all right , ricky , let 's get nasty . Vaughn wind and deliver a hiss blur toward the plate . haywood take a ferocious swing and miss . Strike one . we see the number 97 come up on the digital readout of the speed gun which a club employee hold behind the screen . taylor ( to haywood ) all right , look like the boy be pump . sucker be movin ' , be not it ? ever hit ya , it would leave a two foot hole comin ' out . Taylor get ready to flash another sign . the convict jump up and down try to distract Vaughn . no way . taylor ( for haywood 's ear ) let 's see , what should we call now . let 's see how he feel about old number one . Taylor put down one finger . Vaughn nod and then wind and fire again , another blaze rocket . haywood take a wick rip , but do not get it . Strike two . 99 come up on the gun . the convict have stop jumpin ' . taylor Nice swing , haywood . good follow - through . keep it up , I will show you the ball sometime . the fan be go wild . they be all stand now , yell for a strikeout . Vaughn get back up on the rubber with the look of a animal sighting prey . Taylor get down to give the sign . dugout ( insert storyboard # 216r ) brown forget the curveball . go with the heater . taylor well , shit , all this pitch to choose from . maybe we will try something ' different this time . Taylor wiggle he finger around and then put down the big no . 1 . Vaughn give he a quick nod . taylor and if I do not see you again , haywood , have a nice winter . okay , buddy ? Vaughn go into he windup and unleash a scream bullet toward the plate . haywood pull the trigger , but it 's already by he . Strike three . 101 on the gun . Taylor leap up and give Vaughn the fist . the fan be go berserk . music end . doyle ( v.o. ) oh , lordy , three straight heater and the yankee be blow down . no run , two hit , three leave on , and , be you ready , Cleveland ? we go to the bottom of the ninth , still tie at two . doyle turn the mike off . doyle ( to he color man ) can you believe this , monty ? monty take a big swig straight from the bourbon bottle . omit sequence omit from original script . another indian hitter ground out to short . haye walk up to the plate . doyle ( v.o. ) two down in the ninth , haye step in hit .291 , try to get something go for the tribe . Taylor and the other yell encouragement to haye as he dig in at the plate . the yankee pitcher deliver and haye hit a high bouncer toward short . the shortstop wait for it to come down and then fire to first . too late . haye streak across the bag , beat the throw by a hair . once again the crowd come to life . the yankee manager come to the mound and wave for a new pitcher . doyle ( v.o. ) and Horton be waste no time . he 's goin ' to the Duke . out of the pen come billy duke , a good facsimile of Goose gossage only Duke be bigger and meaner . ( insert storyboard # 219m ) doyle Duke lead the league in save , strikeout per inning and nose hair . the Duke finish he warmup and stare over at haye . haye smile , snap he black glove out of he hip pocket , and carefully pull they on over he hand . the Duke do not care for this kind of showmanship . Brown come over to talk to Taylor , who 's be watch Duke from the on-deck circle . brown ya know I would be a ass not to pinch - hit for you here . you be 0 for 18 against Duke . plus you be beat to shit you can hardly walk , there 's no way you can get around on this guy 's fast ball . so I want the absolute truth here . can you beat this guy ? taylor yeh . brown okay . Taylor start for the plate , as Duke finish he warmup . Brown come down the dugout step . brown ( to pepper ) send haye the first pitch . I do not want Taylor takin ' too many strike . pepper begin flash sign out to haye . Duke get up on the rubber and take he stretch . haye lead away , crouching low . Duke snap a throw over to first , the first baseman slapping a hard tag on haye , but haye be back . the crowd be on its foot again . the " go " chant start , punctuate by thousand of black - glove hand punch the night air . Duke come set again . haye lead away . Duke watch he , check he again . we go to slow motion as Duke kick and come to the plate . haye take off like a shot , head down , eat up ground . Taylor swing and miss . the yankee catcher come up throw , rifling a clothesline dart to second base . haye leave he foot diving for the bag . the second baseman snap down the tag . too late . haye be in there . the stadium be really rockin ' now . Duke prowl the mound . Taylor step out of the box and flash a sign to Brown . pepper what 's he do ? brown flash some signal . that 's a hell of a idea . Brown flash a sign out to haye . a hint of a smile come over haye ' face as he dust himself off . Taylor step back in as Duke get up on the rubber . Taylor dig in he back foot , then point to the leave field bleacher ala Babe Ruth . doyle ( v.o. ) what 's this ? Taylor be point to the bleacher , call he shot . the crowd , electrify by Taylor 's gesture , remain on its foot . Duke stare in at Taylor , come to he stretch and then let go a steaming fast ball right at Taylor 's head . Taylor go down in a swirl of dust , the ball miss he by inch . the stadium explode with boos , but as soon as Taylor pick himself up , the crowd begin to roar again . Bobby , Vic and johnny be pound out a heavy beat on the tom - tom . everyone in the stadium begin to clap in unison with the drum . Taylor step back in and once again point to the bleacher . doyle ( v.o. ) ( Taylor point again ) unbelievable . they be on they foot here , stomping , clap . c'mon , join in wherever you be out there . let 's hear you , Cleveland . the longshoremen and several of they friend at they bar , huddle around the radio with the punk and heavy metal kid we see before . slowly they begin to clap in time with the tom-tom which be audible on the t.v . the business executive at the opera with he wife , a radio earplug in he ear . his hand tap on he leg in sync with the tom - tom . the two korean groundskeepers ( sc 222 before scene 221 ) beat on they shovel in the bullpen . large apartment build framed against the Cleveland skyline . in several of the light window we see people bang thing or clap . the stadium again Duke get back on the hill . get the sign he want , he come to he stretch , check haye at second . as Duke start he delivery to the plate , we go to slow motion . the clap in the stadium stop as everyone hush to watch the pitch . we ... CUT to : the longshoremen , the business executive , the groundskeepers and the apartment dweller they have all stop too in anticipation of the pitch . the stadium everything from here on will continue to be in slow motion . as Duke whip he arm toward the plate , haye take off for third . Taylor , instead of swinging away , shorten up on the bat and bunt Duke 's pitch down the third base line . the yankee third baseman , catch completely unaware , charge the ball frantically . taylor barrel down the line toward first on he sore leg , give it everything he 's get . the third baseman scoop up the ball barehand and fire on the run to first . taylor pound down the line . he strain for the bag as the yankee first baseman stretch to he limit for the throw . Taylor and the ball arrive at almost the same time . Taylor hit the bag and then sprawl in the dirt as he knee give out . the umpire bring up he arm , and spread they wide . safe. Taylor 's beat it . the first baseman look up to see something that strike fear into he heart across the field . it 's ... haye streaking for home , try to score all the way from second on a bunt . the first baseman fire to the plate , as the catcher position himself for the throw . haye launch into a fly foot - first slide . the catcher bring the tag down . haye hook to the outside , he trail foot reach for the plate . doyle ( v.o. ) haye be gonna try to score ! here come the throw . he slide . he be ... haye ' foot catch the corner of the plate . the umpire put the palm down and whip they apart . it 's all over , folk . slow motion end doyle ... safe . the Indians win it . the Indians win . oh my God , the Indians win it !! pandemonium break loose in Municipal Stadium . Rachel hug donovan , dance around , punch the air , then hug donovan again . everywhere people be hugging and kissing each other . Bobby , Vic and johnny be go berserk in the bleacher . thelma sit quietly , a tear roll down she cheek . quick cut of we other fan . we see ... a ) the Business executive stand up and yell " yes ! " in the middle of the opera . several other man stand up and express they excitement as well . B ) the longshoremen whoop it up in they bar -- exchange fives and hug with the punker and heavy metal kid . C ) the various apartment dweller dance , clap , yell out the window . D ) the two Korean groundskeeper just shaking they head in amazement . E ) elsewhere in the stadium , the joyous exultation continue unabate . the crowd pour onto the field as haye run toward Taylor and literally leap into he arm . F ) the two spin around throw they fist in the air . G ) cerrano and Harris embrace . dorn give Vaughn a hug , then step back and deck he with a right hand . h ) dorn pull Vaughn back to he foot , and they hug again . I ) up in the stand , Rachel watch all this with tear in she eye . Taylor start off the field when he see something that catch he eye . stand by the field rail be Lynn . she hold up she leave hand and smile . there 's no ring on it . Taylor race over to she as she jump down from the rail and hug herself to he . we hold on the celebration as it swirl all around they , and ... roll credit the end