the believer script the believer by Henry bean Story by Henry bean & Mark jacobson 2000 final shoot script black screen rav zingesser " and God say to abraham , ' take you son , you only son , whom you love , Isaac , and go into the land of moriah and offer he there for a sacrifice upon a mountain that I will show you ... " int . yeshiva classroom -- day a run-down place . a dozen 12 - year - old boy sit at old - fashioned desk . this be not hasidim , but Orthodox Jews : normal american kid in yarmulke . the teacher , rav zingesser be young , overweight , acnescar , good-humored . rav zingesser and why do the Holy one -- bless be he -- do this ? why do he ask abraham to sacrifice he only son , whom he love ? two boy off to one side : avi ( a smart , tough , brownnose ) and danny ( the eternal dissident ) argue under they breath .... 12 -year-old danny Isaac be not he only son . ishmael be he son , too . 12 -year-old avi the only son he love . 12 -year-old danny oh , they only kill they when they love they ...? 12 -year-old stuart ( up front ; answer Zingesser ) it be a test of abraham 's faith . of he devotion to God . 12 -year-old danny it 's not about abraham 's faith . it 's about God 's power . God say , " you know how powerful I be ? I can make you do anything I want , no matter how stupid . even kill you own son . because I be everything , you be nothing . " titter . Danny look around at he classmate : nerd , wanker , nose-picker . two kid in back furtively read the racing form under they desk . he hate they for they indifference as much as he despise Stuart 's piety or avi 's ass-kiss . rav zingesser but , Danny , if hashem be everything , and we be nothing how be we to judge his action ? 12 -year-old danny we have free will and intelligence -- which God allegedly give we .... avi anyway , God never let abraham kill Isaac . he provide the ram so that -- 12 -year-old danny personally , I think that 's a lie . I think he do kill he . rav zingesser you think ?! base on what ? 12 -year-old danny there 's midrash support this . my father read a book by shalom spiegel that -- Isaac actually die and be reborn . rav zingesser no one follow that midrash . 12 -year-old danny I do ; I follow it . but okay , say God provide the ram . so what ? once abraham raise the knife , in he heart it be as if he would kill he . he could never forget that . and neither could Isaac . look at he : he 's traumatize , he 's a putz for the rest of he life . by the end he can not tell Jacob from esau .... the kid laugh . Zingesser crack a ruler against a desk . rav zingesser watch you language .... 12 -year-old danny ( rise impassion ) I think the whole jewish people be permanently scar by what happen on mt. moriah , and we still live in terror .... 12 -year-old stuart fear of God be the beginning of wisdom . 12 -year-old danny fear of God make you afraid of everything . all the Jews be good at be be afraid . and be sacrifice . oooo . crack , crack , crack . even the guy with the sport page be shocked by that one . 12 -year-old stuart do not you believe in God ? 12 -year-old danny I be the only one here who do believe . you say he 's mysterious , yet merciful . I see he for the power - drunk madman he be . and we be suppose to worship such a deity ?? I say never ! I say ... fight he . I say -- the ruler have be cracking from " power - drunk " on .... now Zingesser grab Danny , yank he out of he chair . rav zingesser avi -- ask rabbi springer to come remove Danny from the class .... avi rise , grin , as ... Danny struggle wildly to get free . rav zingesser and you , if you have come out of Egypt , you would have be destroy in the desert with that who worshipped the Golden calf . 12 -year-old danny then let him destroy I now . let him crush I like the conceit bully he be . ( to the ceiling ) go ahead . kill I . here I be . do it !! the class sit freeze in terror , wait for God to kill Danny . but nothing happen . int . yeshiva stairwell -- night Danny run down the step alone . ext . run -down commercial area -- twilight Danny walk home alone . he see two kide ( older , tougher , blonder ) come toward he . he slip off he yarmulke and slant across the street . the kid slant that way . he hear a rumbling , look up at a elevate train enter a station . he run up the step toward the shrieking train .... int . 7 train -- 1998 -- day title : 13 year later the train pass above use car lot , discount furniture store , residential side street ... finally pull into a station . the door open . people file on , the camera let they go by until it spot a tall , thin college student in a yarmulke . Danny grow up ? pan with he as he sit , open a organic chemistry text . the door close . the train start up , but the jewish boy hardly notice ; he be already read . he sway with the motion of the car , half -hidden by other passenger . we realize he be be watch . reverse angle : another young man , stand -- a " suede - head " ( he hair cut so short it 's like a fine fabric ) . suede -head be Pov : the jewish boy push he glass back up he nose , wipe the nose with a handkerchief , put the handkerchief away , and all the time he eye have not leave the page . suede-head step between passenger and stand directly over the jewish boy . he look down at the yarmulke pin to the stiff , wavy hair , at the oversize shirt collar , scrawny neck , prominent Adam 's apple , pimple , dandruff , ingrown facial hair ... he step closer , crowd the boy 's knee . the boy shift a little without look up . subtly but relentlessly , suede - head pursue he along the bench until , unable to slide farther , the boy flatten he leg against the seat . suede - head press into the boy 's knee . the boy accidentally bump a businessman to suede-head 's leave . the man ( late 30 , Wall Street Journal , African - american ) look from the boy to suede-head and understand at once what be go on . suede-head stare right back -- and the businessman return to he paper . suede-head ease he aside and step on the boy 's shoe . shoe -- a heavy black boot pin a brown wingtip to the floor the wingtip wiggle back and forth , finally work free . the boy still have not look up . suede -head & the jewish boy sway , lock in a strange , silent intimacy . suede-head force the boy into ever more contort posture , increasingly ridiculous denial of what be happen . and the boy not only never stop read the chemistry text , he keep highlight relevant passage . the train slow . the boy close the book , cap the highlighter , gather he thing and manage to stand up , wriggle awkwardly around suede-head . the door open , he get off . int . station -- day look up a long escalator , the jewish boy riding down toward we . suede-head arrive on the run at the top , race down a flight of stair , vault the bannister , slide down a metal slope .... land on he foot and come to stand at the foot of the escalator . the boy ride inexorably down . at the bottom , he try to go around suede-head who block this way , then another , drive he into a corner . the boy realize he have nowhere to go -- finally turn to face he tormentor . they eye meet for the first time . he be actually bigger than suede-head , but not nearly as strong . he will not fight , be simply acknowledge what he can no longer deny . there be even a odd relief that disgust suede-head more than all the rest . suede -head Fucking kike . he slap he in the face . he stumble backward . as suede - head go to hit he again , the boy hold he book in front of he . suede-head punch the book straight into he face . the boy fall , curl into a fetal position . suede-head kick he .... suede -head get up .... get the fuck up .... he will not budge . suede-head punch he repeatedly until he hear voice approach . he run back up the stair to the train and only as we follow he do we realize that he be we protagonist . this be Danny grow up . CUT to : int . danny's studio apartment -- night like he brain , the room be at once crowded and tidy and have , so far as we can see , neither window nor door . shelves of book , CD , magazine , videotape loom over a neatly make bed . Danny , in brief and boot , be lift weight . the phone ring . a machine pick up : no outgo message , only a beep . then : woman' voice be this work ? I be try to reach Danny balint ... Danny , it 's Vicki , we meet at happy Jack 's last month ...? he keep do curl . woman' voice I be hope maybe we could ... get together again ... give I a call -- 718-555-0193. she hang up . a moment later Danny finish the set , gasp for air , heart pound , muscle throbbing . int . same -- night a radio be play the news . Danny sit at a small desk , on the phone and browsing the Internet , a take - out menu beside he . danny ( into phone ) ... be it completely vegetarian ? ... what do they make the stock from ?... not chicken , you be sure ?... and no dairy ... no , no cheese I do not eat cheese ... yeah , all right . and the tropical fruit shake ... how long ?... over this we see : computer screen : glimpse of passing phrase : ... zionist occupational gov't control 78 % of the senate , 62 % of the house ... dynamite can be stolen from construction site & road crews , particularly in mountainous area ... curtis zampf in NYC 5/18 ... jewish pimp , drug dlr & abortionist have as there MAIN goal ... converting the glock 901 to fully automatic be relatively simple . first , remove the firing pin ... he highlight the item about curtis Zampf ... ext . vompadink -- twilight a tough work - class queen bar . int . vompadink -- twilight Men drink in cluster , include a group of skinhead .... Danny take a place alone at the bar , draw furtive attention from the regular . when the bartender finally come over ... danny vodka tonic . a strange call for this place . as he wait , Danny turn and watch the skinhead enough to make they aware of he . the girl watch he , too . the skin do not like that . one of they ( billing ) seem ready to do something about it . the other try to calm he , and when they look back , Danny have leave . he barely touch the drink . the skin be puzzle , but one indicate he watch : time to go . they gather they stuff .... ext . CITY / int . 7 train -- evening look out the front of the train as it rush toward Manhattan . a dramatic sky rise above the skyline . ext . STREET -- night the three skin -- o.l. , carleton , billing -- walk up a East side street . billing be tell a story .... billing ... so she take the pants in back -- where they try they on ? and I think fuck it .... carleton be you shitting I ?? right in the store ? billing she 's be give I the eye . she 's hot . so I wait till the owner go up front .... during this , o.l. start to spray paint a crude swastika onto a bus kiosk . a voice startles they .... voice what be you do ?? they jump , turn . Danny step out of the shadow . danny ( indicate swastika ) what do you think you be do ? billing who the fuck be you ? danny ( come toward they ) who be I ?? who be you , you schmuck , you can not even make a decent swastika .... give I the paint . ( o.l. look to he friend ) give it to I . Danny 's will be stronger ; o.l. hand over the spray can . Danny shake it , critique o.l. 's rendering .... danny ( gruff but avuncular ) it 's too square off . you get to orient it up and down , diamond - shape , like this .... ( spray a excellent swastika ) ... the arm go clockwise . ( hand the can back ) you be go to curtis Zampf ; I , too . let 's go ? they exchange look : how do he know about curtis ? curtis zampf ( o.s. ) ... where I grow up in South Boston twenty year ago , when a kid walk down the street , everyone know who he be ... int . live room -- night Grand but threadbare . the skin enter : o.l. like a child , carleton like a sardonic adolescent , billing like a revolutionary , Danny like a uncrown prince . curtis zampf be address a dozen or so guest . he be 40 but appear young ; with rough good look , longish hair and a leather jacket , he seem more like a aging rock star or sexy novelist that a standard - issue american Nazi . curtis ... if he run out in front of a car , some old Mick would yell at he , " Jimmy dunne , get back on that sidewalk and stay there .... " he do the Boston irish accent so well , everybody laugh . up front we notice the only woman in the room . she be in she 40s , regal , beautiful , forbid . her name be lina moebius . curtis ... the day he graduate high school , he would go see he uncle down at the gas work , or the priest 's brother in the shipyard , get he apprentice papers , eight year later he would be make $ 16.50 a hour , have four kid , play ball on Sunday in Columbus Park , and when he die , the whole town would get drunk and cry over he .... the crowd -- nonunion electrician , white taxi driver , unemployed bookkeeper , fail academic , off -duty cop -- listen quietly . during this , a young woman ( carla ) appear from the rear of the apartment , head for the kitchen with a coffee cup and a history book . she glance into the live room . curtis ... today , when that kid walk down the street it 's full of trash and half the face be black . the shipyard 's close , all the job at the gas work be set-aside , and by the time he drop out of school , he can barely get a job at Burger King . so he drink , smoke crack , and when he hang himself on the front porch at twenty - three , the only people at he wake be a couple of buddy and he mother . the boy 's father will not find out he 's dead till six month later . ( beat ) the soul of this country be be destroy , and all the government can offer be free trade , mutual fund and ipos . guy danielsen you sound like a leftist . curtis I use to be one .... no , seriously , I call myself a anarchist . I stand up for the oppress . I oppose state power . a old coot do not you still ? curtis I oppose the present state because it 's weak . it have be ever since the leave emasculate it over Vietnam . but I think the average man be crush less by accumulate capital than the loss of community or real leadership , the personal emptiness he simply can not fill on he own .... ( matter -of - fact ) that 's why I be a fascist . it 's the only form of government that address we deep need . silence . Danny -- who have spot carla -- begin to clap , a few other join in . Danny raise he hand ; curtis nod to he .... danny what do you think the fascism of the twenty - first century will look like ? everyone -- include carla -- turn to see who ask that . curtis more cultural than political . danny obviously . curtis decentralize , nonviolent , increasingly mainstream . we will see antiabortion , anti-immigration group form alliance with the gun lobby , Christian identity type , tax resister and even some libertarian .... the crowd seem impressed , but restless and bored . old coot what about race ? a stir : many share the concern . lina watch closely . curtis this be not the time for that . murmur of surprise , disappointment . danny I disagree . ( glance at carla ) I think race be central to everything we be talk about . ( murmur of agreement ) spiritual life come from race . from the blood . without that , we be no better than the Jews .... the magic word . the whole room come alive . Zampf grimace . carla what 's wrong with the Jews ? mrs . moebius carla ... danny have you read toynbee ? spengler ? carla nobody read that stuff anymore . danny too difficult ? carla too Christian . you know jameson ? Paul virilio ? danny the point be , the modern world be a jewish disease . carla Disease ? what disease ? danny abstraction . they be obsessed with abstraction . that stop the conversation . but carla be intrigue ; here be someone whose mind move in strange and interesting realm . voice ( guy danielsen ) what would you propose ? the questioner be a young man ( guy danielsen ) , better speak than the other . Danny feel all eye on he . danny killing Jews . a tremor of fear and excitement ripple through the room . Zampf glance at Mrs. moebius ; she be watch Danny intently . curtis that would be a catastrophic mistake . danny people hate Jews . do you agree ? curtis they use to . today it 's not a issue . danny no , but deep down , beneath the " tolerance " they learn on television , nothing 's change . the very word make they skin crawl . ( around the room people nod ) it be not even hate , really . it 's more the way we feel when a rat run across the floor . we want to step on it . crush it . we do not even know why . it 's a physical reaction . everyone feel it . guy danielsen which one would you kill ? danny prominent Jews . who be either symbol in themselves or who represent aspect of the jewish character people despise . guy danielsen such as ? old coot barbra streisand . muttering : " who 's she ? " " yeah , she ... " but Danny say : danny too obvious . voice kissinger ... dershowitz ... roseanne ... danny yes. and Larry King ... old coot be he jewish ? danny ... leona helmsley , Michael eisner , Bob Dylan , Phillip roth , Ruth bader ginsberg , Steven spielberg , winona Ryder , beverly sill , Alvin toffler , Katherine Graham . all of they . but not yet . we do not want celebrity obscure the issue . carla which be what ? danny at first , no one will know why the victim be be kill . curtis you would not announce it ? danny I would say nothing . after two or three , people will try to find a pattern . a reason . curtis but when it come out , the public will be outrage . it will look like Germany all over again . danny be not that what we want ? Germany all over again ? only do right this time ... the crowd feel a deep atavistic thrill . Zampf glance at Mrs. moebius .... danny without speech or political party . a movement without leader so that no one can stop it ... the room be stunne to silence . Mrs. moebius signal curtis . curtis okay , let 's break this up for now .... ( to Danny ) could you wait a minute ...? int . same -- five minute later Danny -- flushed with triumph -- stand look down at the city . across the room -- mrs . moebius & curtis zampf curtis ( low ) ... I think we agree , no anti- semitism ... it 's exactly what we be try to put behind we .... trash the black , fine ; but ... mrs . moebius do you see how they react to he ? curtis yes , of course . but that only play in this room , with people who be not embarrassed to call themselves Nazis . if you want a modern fascism , you do not mention Jews . mrs . moebius it 's a romantic movement , curtis . it always have be . curtis lina , the thousand - Year Reich barely last a decade .... do you really want to go down that road again ? in America of all place , where obedience and discipline be not exactly the national virtue ... she look over at Danny , now chat with carla .... lina he 's very bright . curtis he speak well . but what do we do with he ? lina let 's find out who he be . curtis you mean who he really be . on danny & carla carla you be not in school ? what do you do ? danny I work at the Big Boy warehouse . in queen . I drive a fork -lift . carla where would you read all that stuff ? danny I just read it .... lina Young man ... he turn . she 's beckone to he . he give carla a look , then cross to she , sit in a chair she indicate . curtis offer he a drink ; he decline . carla take one . lina lina moebius . and you be ...? danny Daniel balint . lina balint ? danny it 's german . lina ( in german ) what part of Germany be you people from ? danny ( in german ) from the rhineland originally . lina ( in english ) be you with the FBI , Mr. balint ?... or any other law enforcement agency ? danny I be go to ask you the same thing . smile , laughter . everyone seem to relax . lina so what be you really after , Daniel ?... do you just want to kill Jews , or do you have something larger in mind ? carla watch , silent . Danny be aware of both mother and daughter . danny without blood -- a willingness to spill it -- there 's no real power , no authority . lina ( pleased by this ) curtis be afraid you will marginalize we . danny we be already marginal . we be say what no one else have the gut to say . be not that precisely we appeal ? lina so what Jew would you kill first ? danny ilio manzetti ... former ambassador to France . manage partner at damon , schwarzchild . curtis ( to lina , explain ) a investment banking house . mrs . moebius he 's jewish ? manzetti ? danny totally . the family emigrate from Bulgaria when he be eleven . curtis how would you kill he ? danny I would have to research it , study he routine , he security .... but ideally on a New York street at midday , use a small - caliber automatic without a silencer . carla why no silencer ? danny you want it to be a event . lina stand , take a sherry . everyone else rise with she . lina Danny , why do not you come visit we in the country . we have young man with lot of energy and no idea . maybe you could give they something to think about .... bring you friend , if you like .... as curtis lead he toward the door , Danny look around for carla , hear women' voice argue in german . frustrate , he go down the stair .... ext . STREET -- night Danny and the other skin walk down the middle of the street , drink beer , oblivious to traffic . billing bring you friend .... we be not he friend . danny then I will not bring you .... the other laugh . someone honk behind they . billing turn : billing fuck you . black voice ( o.s. ) hey , bonehead ... get you moon ass off the street . billing turn and throw he beer at the voice . a crash , breaking glass , a screech of brake , car door open and shut ... billing why do not you go back to rwanda and give each other aids . that do it . the skin run out of frame . sound of a fight . Danny watch , indifferent , then finally join in . int . precinct lockup -- night the skin in a cell . o.l. , head bloody , moan and vomit . o.l. I can not see .... carleton comfort he . billing pace , look at Danny , sit against the wall , relaxed for the first time . billing what , do you like it here ? danny read mein kampf ? Hitler have all he best idea in prison . off -screen voice Daniel balint ? Danny look up : a jailer unlock the cell . carla appear behind he . Danny stop without step through the open door . danny I be not leave without they . the other skin be surprised , move . carla and Danny stare at each other . finally she turn to the jailer .... carla can I use a credit card ? ext . STREET corner , subway entrance -- night a mercede pull up , carla drive . the skin climb out , carleton guide o.l. , who can not see . carla he should go to a hospital . o.l. I be okay . billing turn back , see Danny still in the car . billing you come ? danny ( glance at carla , stay in the car ) we will go to the country sometime , okay ? billing nod grudgingly . the car drive off . carleton grin . carleton Fucking Danny , man ... billing he 's a asshole . int . moebius apartment -- twilight carla lead Danny through the darken apartment . int . carla' room -- twilight a old bookcase full of leather - bound german volume ... Danny open one mark hofmannsthal . he try to read a mark passage . danny " ...und die worte Zerfielen mir im munde wie modrige pilze ... " carla " and the word fall apart in my mouth like molder mushroom ... " danny how come so many of the book be in Spanish ? carla they be my father 's . he 's from Argentina . my mother 's family go there during the war . that 's where they meet . danny be they still together ? carla he 's in a mental institution .... he 's be there for ten year , off and on . mostly on . danny be he a Nazi ? carla I guess . his parent be . he do not care about that . danny what 's he care about ? carla killing himself . they look at each other . there 's that gulf between they that they have to cross , but they be not sure how . danny you think people ever commit suicide out of happiness ? carla that 's stupid . why would they ? he shrug . she take he hand , rub the bruise knuckle . carla you be not like the other , be you ?... you friend . danny yes , I be . basically I be . she lean close , whisper .... carla hurt I . he 's surprised , but not very . he grab she wrist , twist it . carla ow ! that 's too hard . he pull she out of frame . she start to say something , but it 's cut off by another cry of pain . we keep look out the window .... int . same -- later the light have shift across the city , and we hear only a muffle sobbing . the camera turn to look at ... carla and Danny naked on the bed . he lie back , read the german book . she 's curl on she side , weep abjectly . still sobbing , she roll over , bury she face in he chest . we see that he neck be scratch up . carla do it again .... she begin to fondle he . he ignore it until he finish the poem , then turn to she . int . same -- later the light have shift again . Danny sleep alone , he face strangely innocent . carla drop onto the bed , shake he . carla get up ... you gotta go . he open he eye . she 's dress , she hair wet from the shower , a faint puffiness around she mouth . he pull she down to he . carla no , you have to leave . I have get to write a paper . ( slap he stomach hard ) out ! he look up . her face be cold , indifferent . he get to he foot . int . moebius apartment -- day Danny on he way to the door , hear something , turn ... curtis zampf be come out of a bedroom in he underwear . from within ... lina moebius ( o.s. ) bring the paper , too . curtis now see Danny . a look between they . Danny go out . ext . queen , stair to elevate train -- day once a jewish neighborhood , now occupy chiefly by black , latin and more recent immigrant . as Danny ( wear headphone ) come down the step ... two black kide ( big , menace , boombox ) be come up , block he way . Danny walk right between they , force they apart . they turn , glare after he . he turn , glare back . they scoff and keep go up . he walk on . ext . ozone park house -- day he let himself into a row house . we barely notice the mezzuzah on the door post . int . ozone park house -- day a nearly vanish world of lower- middle - class jewish life , though the " jewishness " ( menorah , kiddush cup ... ) be restrict to one dusty corner behind a secular chaos of book , newspaper , half - empty cup , half - fill glass ... Danny 's father , 55 , sit on a fade chair , a oxygen mask on a cart beside he . Danny 's sister , linda , 30 , be cut he hair with a scissors . when Danny enter , they both look up at he in surprise , alarm , possibly even love . for a moment no one know what to do . the father begin to wheeze , put the mask over he face and breathes deeply . Linda tell he to lean back ; resume cut . on the wall we see Danny 's bar mitzvah photo . meanwhile , Danny have find a stack of mail , all address to he . his father and sister be visible behind he in a mirror . without speak , he go down the hall , and we hear he descend stair to : int . house , basement -- day Danny have take off he coat ( revealing a black T-shirt with a red swastika ) , and be go through a number of cardboard box mark " D , " pull out comic book , baseball glove , martial art gear , drawing of voluptuous woman , morbid gothic figure , gun magazine , book about Hitler , Nazis ... and finally a .22 automatic stuff in a blue sock . int . house , basement he remove the clip , check the slide , while nodd to the music come through he earphone . he look up , see linda at the foot of the stair , pull off the headset . linda I knock , you do not answer . it 's too late to conceal the gun ; he place it beside he . she do she best to ignore the swastika shirt .... linda what be you do here ? danny I just come to get some stuff . I will be out in five minute . ( off she ) he do not want I around . she look down as if that be not true , or the way in which it be too complicated to go into . linda he 's go to die . ( as Danny look away ) he will not take he medicine . he eat dairy . he probably still smoke when I be not around . ( off Danny 's helpless gesture ) I ask he to come live with we . Alex offer to share he room , unsolicite .... but he do not want to be any trouble . danny then he could not be bitter about live alone . linda why deprive he of he great pleasure ? they exchange what be almost smile . but then the subject she 's be try to avoid -- the only subject -- suddenly erupt ... linda ah , Jesus Christ , Danny , how can you wear that thing ?... you know what it mean ? to you people ... danny they be not my people .... linda tell it to Hitler . danny oh , he decide ? Hitler 's the chief rabbi now ?... linda be this because of that kid who use to beat you up ? danny what kid ?... linda the polack ? from Sacred heart ? danny nobody ever beat I up . ( as she sigh , turn to go ) look , Linda , there be fifty reason . even if you know they all , there would be another fifty you do not know . linda do you know they ? ( off he ) I make he some noodle for dinner . you can heat they up and -- danny I have get to get back to the -- linda you can heat they up and eat with he . int . live room , queen house -- night Danny ( now wear a plain white T-shirt ) bend over the coffee table eat a noodle casserole and read the Post . his father eat off a tv table . he finish , cursorily wipe he mouth , pick up a remote and turn on the television . danny it 's Friday .... father ( a hoarse rasp ) do I give a shit ? Danny hold up both hand : he 's not argue , simply inform . father the torah say not to light a fire on the sabbath , because it 's work , correct ? ( Danny sigh ) but if alternate current 's run through the wire every second of every day , and I throw a switch , send it here instead of there , how be that lighting a fire ? danny " do chicken give milk ? " father exactly . he channel - surf until he come to a stand - up comic do a routine . they both watch . tv : the comic be funny in a brutal , compulsive way . lot of pop reference , implicit postmodern nihilism . the routine reflect what Danny ( and the Shiites , the unabomber , timothy McVeigh , t.s. eliot , et al. ) have against the modern world . father who 's this ? danny Dennis leary . father leary ? danny no . the father grunt with grim satisfaction , he suspect as much . danny ( offer consolation ) Howard stern . father obviously . Danny sigh : why bother . but add ... danny Adam sandler . father funny ? danny not like Mr. dorfmann . father he be funny . as they watch , apropos of nothing : father after you mother die , that 's when you stop go to shul . do you homework . everything . danny and that 's when the Met start to stink . father ' Cause they get rid of Johnson . he know how to deal with the asshole . Dallas Green , please ... danny Valentine ... the father snort . on tv the comic get off a line , and they both laugh . they laugh be quite similar ; they glance at each other . father there 's some maple walnut in the freezer . danny Linda say you be not suppose to have dairy . father just a little ... what 's the difference ? Danny go into the kitchen . the father extract a pack of salem from between the cushion , light one , take a desperate drag ... the phone ring . he curse , stub it out , grab the phone . father yeah ?... hold on .... it 's for you . Danny give he father a dish of ice cream , take the phone . danny hello ...? voice Daniel balint ? my name 's guy danielsen . I be a reporter with the New York Times . danny ( impressed , suspicious ) New York Times ...? his father look up . Danny take the phone into the kitchen . voice I be do a piece on right - wing group , post Oklahoma City . I hear you be a important figure in that circle . you have a lot of interesting idea .... int . kitchen -- night danny who tell you that ? voice be not it true ? danny no , it 's ... yeah , it 's true , but ... how would you get this number ?... no , not here ... maybe Sunday ? there 's a place off queen Blvd . near the courthouse ... ext . coffee shop , queen -- day a high -angle view of the coffee shop . after a moment , Danny enter frame , start toward it .... int . coffee shop , queen -- day Danny enter , look around . to he surprise he see guy danielsen from the Nazi meeting rise , extend he hand . guy danielsen Danny ... guy danielsen ... danny ( sardonic , now he get it ) you ... guy shrug , smile apologetically . another angle -- danny & guy with coffee guy milk ...? as Danny decline , guy get out a small cassette recorder , be about to turn it on , when he notice Danny 's reaction .... guy be it okay if I record this ? danny no ... yeah , fine , go ahead ... so what 's this about ? be this about I ? guy I be try to figure out where the radical right be go to next .... I think you be the most interesting person at that meeting . danny what about curtis Zampf ? guy curtis be a politician -- and a bit of a hustler . he 's not a thinker . danny I agree . guy the other night you say the modern world be a jewish disease . could you elaborate on that ? danny in the movement -- the racialist movement -- we believe there 's a hierarchy of the race . not just in iq , but in the civilization , the art , the form of government , the civilization that each race produce ... why be you write this down if you be recording it ? guy it help I concentrate .... so do that mean you be a white supremacist ? danny what should I be , a white inferior - ist ? a multicultural Zulu egalitarian ? let I ask , where be you people from ? guy my mother 's family be french , my father 's be german , originally . danny german . mine , too . so who do you think 's give more to the world , the Germans -- Beethoven , goethe , nietzsche -- or the entire continent of Africa ? ibos , bantus , mandingos ... guy Danny , what about the Jews ? Danny shift in he seat , grow more interested .... danny the Jews be different .... black be disgusting and inferior , but it 's like criticize a retarded child . the Jews be ... a poison in the human well .... guy a poison ...? danny let I give you a example .... sexuality . guy sexuality ??? what do you mean ? danny you ever fuck a jewish girl ? guy what ??!? danny do you ever fuck one , guy ? guy ( laugh , embarrassed ) what 's that go to do with ... I have go out with a , with jewish woman . why ? danny and ? what do you notice ? guy notice ? like what ...? danny jewish girl like to give head , right ? guy I do not know . be that right ? danny and jewish man like to get it . guy everybody like to , do not they ? danny yes . it 's very pleasurable . but the Jews be obsessed with it . you know why ? guy why ? danny because the Jew be essentially female . guy female ... danny Real man -- white , Christian man -- we fuck a woman . we make she come with we cock . but the Jew do not like to penetrate and thrust -- he can not assert himself that directly -- so he resort to perversion . oral sex be technically a perversion , you know that , do not you ? ( as guy nod ) after a woman have be with a jewish man , she never want a normal partner again . a normal man . guy do that mean the Jew be the better lover ? danny you be not listen . he be not better . he give pleasure , but that 's actually a weakness . guy Danny , what make you think you know all this ? danny let 's just say I have do due diligence . guy so , fine , it 's not that the Jew , the Jews own the media and the bank . it 's that they be sexually corrupt . danny the Jews clearly control the media and the bank . investment bank , not the commercial one . but the point be they carry out in that realm the same principle they display in sexuality . they undermine traditional life ; they deracinate society . Danny lean over to make sure guy 's get it right . danny deracinate ... tear out the root . a people -- a real people -- derive its genius from the land : the sun , the sea , the soil . this be how they know themselves . but the Jew do not have soil . guy he have Israel . danny that be not Jews . guy of course they be Jews . danny notice the Israelis : a fundamentally secular society . they no longer need Judaism because they have soil . the real Jew be a wanderer , a nomad . he have no root , no attachment . so he " universalize " everything . he can not hammer a nail , plow a field . he can only buy and sell , invest capital , manipulate market . he take the life of a people roote in soil and turn it into a cosmopolitan culture base on book , idea , number . this be he strength .... ( pump ; this be what he love ) take the great jewish mind : marx , Freud , Einstein . what have they give we : communism , infantile sexuality and the atom bomb . in a mere three century since this guy emerge from the ghettos of Europe , they have take we from a world build on order and reason and hurl we into a chaos of class warfare , irrational urge and relativity , a world where the very existence of matter and meaning be in doubt . why ? because it be the deep impulse of the jewish soul to unravel the very fabric of life until nothing be leave but thread , nothing but nothingness . nothingness without end ... guy be all Jews the same ? danny difference exist , of course , but they be irrelevant . for the Jew , he jewishness dominate everything . even the one who renounce it , who hate it , who want to cut it out of they heart a knife ... can not escape . they be still just Jews . guy finish write that and look up . guy Danny , this be great . you be incredibly articulate . one more thing ... how can you believe this when you be a Jew yourself ? a beat . Danny smile at the mistake .... danny what ? Excuse I ?... ( guy say nothing ) you be kid , right ? guy do you know rabbi stanley nadelman ? he use to be at congregation Beth elohim in ozone Park ...? danny who ? how would I know he ? guy he say you be bar mitzvahe there , in March 1988 . danny you believe that ? and you call yourself a reporter ? guy so you be say it 's not true . danny look at I . do I look jewish ? look ... he indicate he hair , turn sideways to show he profile ? guy be you ever bar mitzvahe anywhere else ? danny do you know who you be fuck with here ? guy that 's what I be try to find out , Danny . who be I fuck with here ? danny ( sputtering , unsure what to say ) listen to I .... guy why would nadelman lie ? danny to discredit I . because I know who they be . look , I think I explain it to you . that people can say or do anything . and they will . it 's all narrative to they , it 's ... be you go to print what this guy say ? guy give I a reason not to . danny it 's slander . it 's reckless disregard . I will sue you and you fuck Jew paper . guy do that mean you deny what he say be true ? yes or no . gun : pull from Danny 's pants , slam down on the table ... guy sit back abruptly . Danny pick it up , cock it .... danny look at I . look at I , guy .... oh , now you can not look at I ? look at I , you schmuck . look at I .... ( poke the gun in guy 's face ) you print that shit in the New York Times ... I will kill myself . everyone in the place be stare . Danny walk out , stuff the gun in he pants , shove a man aside to get to the door . ext . country -- day travel through low , tree -cover mountain listen to the overture to tannhäuser . int . van -- day carleton drive ; o.l. ( one eye bandage ) riding shotgun . in back : billing and Danny ( flipping through a Times . ) billing do we have to listen to this shit ? danny yes . billing why would we have to leave so fast ? o.l. nobody make you go . carleton Danny 's run from the law . billing o.l. , how come you mother give you a car when you be too fuck blind to drive ? o.l. ( cackle ) she say ' cause now I can not crack it up . carleton hey , o.l. , asshole at four o'clock . o.l. lean out the window , give dual " bird " to a empty street . o.l. fuck you , asshole . suck my dick ! the other laugh . ext . defunct motel -- twilight the van stop in front . all of they out of the car . no one 's around except the noisy cricket . the city kid be uneasy . carleton I think there be people here .... danny I will go look .... he walk toward the back . billing decide to go with he . o.l. I better stay with the van .... carleton yeah , you better stay here and guard it . o.l. give he the finger . carleton laugh -- but he stay back , too . ext . rear of motel -- twilight Danny and billing see people in back . now nine young men and a bulldog come to greet they : survivalist , speed - freak , skinhead ... and one blank loner ( drake ) with a blue swastika tattooe to he lip like a tiny kiss . a case of steroid excess fix he gaze on Danny . danny we be from New York . curtis Zampf invite we . whit who ?... curtis who ? be they in the wrong place ? then someone laugh , they all relax , exchange greeting , obscure handshake . everyone 's just get comfortable when , for no apparent reason ... steroid excess slug Danny in the face . he stumble backward . the other crowd around , keep he from fall , also from get away . billing start to help , but people grab he : this be Danny 's problem . steroid come at he .... Danny step inside the charge and go to work on the bigger man 's body . we barely see what happen , but we hear it and feel the crowd 's shock . Danny be stronger than we realize and much more vicious . in second , steroid sink to he knee , face bloody . Danny hold up he , lean close : danny enough ? steroid mumble in the affirmative . Danny nod -- then hit he four more shot to the face . even this crowd wince . steroid drop with a wet thud . as Danny straighten up , wiping the blood off he hand , people instinctively step back . danny which be he room ? kyle ( ferrety , glass ) number ten . on the end : have a extra window . Danny walk into the room . steroid 's stuff start fly out the door . ext . motel porch -- night Danny on a pay phone . danny yeah , I be try to reach carla , be she ?... do she get my other message ?... no , I will call back .... ext . motel porch -- night Danny hang up the phone , glance into a room where we dimly glimpse Nazis take drug , drink beer , scream ... various voice Fucking nigger ... Fucking nigger ? Fucking gook !... then incomprehensible shriek rage , a fight , break glass ... Danny sigh , bored . he spot two nerdy Nazis , kyle and whit , play some battle re-creation board game and rehash WWII .... whit ... look , if Hitler have knock out the raf in ' 39 , which he could easily , easily have do , he would have take England , and the U.S. would not have have -- kyle ... a staging ground for the invasion , yeah . but he blow it go after civilian target . just like he blow the Russian front , diverting supplies to auschwitz .... Danny look up the hill toward a farmhouse perch above they . one light burn inside . danny where 's Mrs. moebius ? kyle her place be down the road . but she just come out for weekend sometimes . Danny squat to look at the board game . danny what be this , stalingrad ? whit gettysburg . but we be refighting it with World War I technology . it 's a fuck bloodbath . he grin maniacally . Danny smile . Kyle be emboldene by Danny 's unexpected friendliness , lower he voice .... kyle that be unbelievable what you do to Lucas . the guy 's a animal . danny you could do it . kyle get out of here .... danny you look right through he . he 's there , but there 's something on the other side of he that you want . it 's all you want . and whatever 's in the way do not matter .... then it 's easy . as Kyle and whit contemplate he wisdom ... danny either of you know anything about explosive ? they both look up , very interested . two family in tableau -- wooden cutout -- day Jews : man ( black hat , beard ) , woman ( sheitl , shawl ) , boy ( kippah , twerpy ) , girl ( fat , ugly ) , even a dog , a Star of David on its side . black : man ( watermelon , pitchfork ) , woman ( fat , fry chicken ) , boy ( syringe , 9 mm ) , girl ( twin , welfare check ) , dog ( black ) . voice ( o.s. ) take a breath , let out a little , relax , then squeeze . ( a rifle shot ; nothing 's hit ) again ... another shot . a bullet hit the jewish boy in the rear end . sunlight stream through the hole . we be : ext . rear of motel -- day Danny peer down the barrel of a m - 16 . Kyle squat beside he . kyle which one be you aim at ? danny the mother . Kyle nod , patient , be draw Danny 's attention back to the target when ... drake set up beside they , begin squeezing off round so fast , it sound like a automatic weapon . target : the bullet chew up and knock over all four Jews . and selectively : shoot the man 's face , the woman 's breast , the boy and girl in the groin . the dog he merely flatten . drake look at Danny without expression , drop the clip , shove in a fresh one and riddle the black family in similar fashion . ext . motel porch -- night Danny , pay phone to he ear , flipping through a New York Times . he throw it aside as a voice come on the line .... danny carla ?... it 's I , Danny ... Danny balint ...? we meet at that ... [ meeting at you house . ] carla' voice yeah , I remember .... kill any Jews yet ? danny I do not realize you care . carla' voice I do not . I be just curious how full of shit you be . danny do you know that there be a New York Times reporter there that night ? carla' voice really , which one ? I bet it be the guy with the prada shoe . danny I do not notice he shoe .... do you mother know he be there ? carla' voice I doubt it . how do you find out ? danny he call I up . he want to talk to I about my idea . carla I bet . he do not realize that nobody who talk such a good game ever play one . danny you be not complain about my play last time . carla' voice that 's a much easier game . danny why do not you come visit , we will have a rematch . carla too many good player down here . I be with one right now . danny oh , really ? carla bigger and better . danny then how come you be talk to I ? carla' voice I be not . click . she 's go . he hang up , walk straight into ... int . motel room -- night Nazis sprawle about , drink beer , impassively watch tv . the bulldog pants on the floor . carleton call to it : carleton Gas chamber ... it trot over , receive a scrap of food . everything desultory : danny ( to the whole room ) when be we go to do something ? people glance up wearily : give we a break .... ext . town -- day Danny , billing , o.l. , and drake walk through the town , look for trouble . a couple of local teenager watch they , impressed by the swastikas , tattoo , swagger . int . delicatessen -- day two waiter ( jewish college student , athletic , confident ) watch the Nazis come in . one indicate to the other that he will handle this . he bring menus , water ; he 's carefully polite . first waiter you know what you want ? billing we sure do . the waiter ignore the innuendo , ready he order pad . billing Ham and cheese on white . first waiter ( forbearance ) we do not have ham . we do not have cheese . billing what the hell do you have ? first waiter that 's what the menus be for . he smile . billing glare . o.l. roast beef and swiss . first waiter I say : no cheese . o.l. what 's wrong with cheese ? first waiter this be a kosher restaurant . we do not serve meat with dairy . danny what about chicken ? first waiter that 's meat . danny the Bible only say do not seethe a kid in its mother 's milk . but chicken do not give milk . first waiter look , you want cheese , go someplace else . danny but it 's stupid , right ? you admit it 's stupid . first waiter no , I do not admit it 's stupid . danny you can have chicken with egg but not with milk . why be that ? first waiter I be not here to talk about religious law , if you do not like -- danny but you already talk about it : you say it 's not stupid . why be not it stupid ? first waiter ( call the other waiter ) Steve ... danny Steve 's go to explain it . Steve approach , a saw - off broom handle over he shoulder . steve we have a problem here ? billing we sure fuck do . we do not understand why you can not eat chicken with milk . it do not make sense . steve ( a intellectual ) religion be not about make sense . it 's about -- danny it 's about the incomprehensible , Steve , not the idiotic . steve fuck you . danny that explain it ! now we understand ! the Nazis laugh . Steve swing the broom handle at Danny ... who duck it , grab it , slam it back at he .... gavel rap ... int . courtroom -- day a judge ( white -haire , red-face , blue -ey , well - meaning ) peer down at the four nazis , still bruise from the fight . judge ... as the altercation appear to have be instigate equally on both side , prison term strike the court as excessive . the Nazis be relieved . spectator disappointed . judge however , the defendant ' political view suggest that they might profit from contact with member of we community whose experience differ from they own .... int . a social room -- day number tattooed on a arm ... a thumb steadily smooth the skin as : rumanian woman ( o.s. ) ( rumanian accent , uninflected ) ... when I refuse to have sex with he , the warden have my sister , esther , execute in front of the entire block .... the Nazis , accompany by a " hate counselor " ( male ) sit in plastic chair opposite five elderly jews . the speaker be in she late 60 , still something of a beauty . rumanian woman ... everyone consider it my fault . after that , of course , I do anything he want . billing why do not he just rape you ? snickering among the Nazis , a whisper crack : o.l. who would want to fuck she anyway ? hate counselor I hear one more remark like that , we go back to the court for resentence . rumanian woman he be a pig , like you , so perhaps he have no taste . the Nazis laugh . the Jews try to calm the woman , though she have speak without any evident emotion . billing get up restless . hate counselor sit down , please . ( as billing sit ) thank you , Mrs. Cohen . Mr liebowitz , you indicate you have a story you want to tell .... int . same -- later Nazis be doze , stare out the window . o.l. thread a piece of dental floss through the zipper pull on he trousers . Danny be visibly disgust by the whole business . over this we hear : polish man ( o.s. ) ... the man be afraid to let we hide on he farm any longer , but he agree to take we to a more remote place . on the way he be stop at a checkpoint , and when the soldier find we in the hay , one of they grab my son out of my arm . he begin to cry , so I reach for he , not to take he back , simply ... the man : mid-70 , tall , stoop , a crush spirit . polish man ... simply to assure he I be there . but the sergeant become enraged .... he stick he bayonet in my son' chest , and lift he up , impale on it . my son be three year old .... billing be mutter , " what a load of crap ... " the hate counselor look over sharply . the other Nazis be stunne by the story . Danny can barely contain himself , though we be not sure why . polish man ... he hold he up so that the blood spurting out of he feel on my face .... the soldier be laugh . flashcut : ext . a country road -- day a horse hitched to a hay wagon ; farmer drive . three nazi soldier have discover a jewish family hide in the hay . a sergeant be hold up something unseen on the end of he rifle . the Polish man who have be tell the story look up at whatever it be . blood fall on he . the Nazis be laugh . polish man ( o.s. ) when the blood stop , the sergeant push my son off the bayonet and say , " there , you can have he now .... " back to scene : int . a social room -- day the room be silent . the Nazis face blank , shake . until ... danny and what do you do ? hate counselor what be you try to say ? danny what do you do while the sergeant be kill you son ? billing forget it , Danny , it 's all bullshit . hate counselor wait a second ... danny ( to billing ) shut up . ( to man , mid - 70 ) what do you do ? rumanian woman what could he have do ? danny what could he have do ?? you fuck kike ... hate counselor you can not say that .... danny the Nazi 's kill he kid . he could have jump the guy . he could have gouge he eye out , grab the bayonet and gut he .... what would you have do if they be kill you son ? the counselor be briefly confuse .... rumanian woman & other ... they would have shot he on the spot .... he would have be dead in two second .... who be you judge ? hate counselor ( to Danny ) please sit down . danny so they shot he ! so he be dead . so what . he's worse than dead now . he be a piece of shit ... hate counselor okay , that 's it . you be go back to -- danny ( over he , to Polish man ) what do you think you should have do ? polish man and you , you think you know what you would have do ? you have no idea . you can not even imagine what that be like . and you never will .... billing do not listen to they , Danny . it 's all a bunch of crap . ancient jew what be crap ? billing the so-called holocaust . it never happen . it 's the hoax of the twentieth century . danny ( disgust with this idiocy ) oh , please ... billing Danny , it 's true . there be no six million . at most , two hundred thousand Jews die in the camp . and the majority of they be from disease and -- the Jews be shouting about historical record , the disappearance of family , whole town .... but Danny be louder : danny where do you read this ? Robert faurisson ? billing ( surprised he know ) yeah . he 's a respected scholar . even no - be Chomsky say he -- danny billing , if Hitler do not kill six million , why be he you hero ?... concentration camp all over Europe , and he only get rid of a measly two hundred thousand .... he 's a putz . some surprise that a Nazi be argue against a denier . ancient jew Hitler be not a putz . Hitler be real . God create he to punish the Jews for abandon God . the other survivor be embarrassed by this , but the ancient Jew ignore they . ancient jew it be you who be putze . Little pishas with you dream of hatred and kill ... Danny scoff , get up to leave . hate counselor where do you think you be go ? danny ... we have nothing to learn from this people . they should learn from we . as Danny walk out , the ancient Jew catch he eye . ancient and what should we learn from you , Daniel ? her use of Danny 's name feel know , slyly invasive . all SOUND vanish for a beat , and Danny barely manage to say : danny kill you enemy . ext . motel -- day Kyle open the trunk of he car , show Danny inside : two bag of shotgun powder and several length of metal piping with screw - on cap . danny what be it ? kyle Green dot -- shotgun powder . for pipe bomb . ( off Danny 's reaction , smile ) a guy in a lumberyard give it to I . a donation to the cause . carleton ( o.s. ) hey , Danny .... guess who 's here .... ( as Danny quickly slam the trunk ) you girlfriend ... she 's up at the house . ext . the farmhouse -- day in the driveway : carla 's mercede , a triumph motorcycle . Danny peer in through the window , go to the door . int . farmhouse , live room -- day Danny see carla sit on a green sofa wear a white sundress and leaf through a magazine . curtis be mixing drink . lina be practice with she stylus on a new electronic organizer . lina my L 's keep come out as C 's .... curtis ( spot Danny ) the prisoner return .... Danny greet they all . carla barely look up . lina Danny , get a drink and come talk to I . int . live room -- a few minute later Danny talk with lina and curtis but watch carla . curtis ... insulting people who be in the camp . ... what 's the point ? danny they be liar and coward . curtis I be sure they be . but what do we accomplish by point it out ? danny it 's the truth .... curtis roll he eye . lina signal he to lay off . lina moebius Danny , what do you think of we troops ? danny ( try to be diplomatic ) they have gut . and they know what they hate ... which be good . but they have no idea why ; they do not think , they do not read .... they be on beer and crank half the time .... a phone ring in another room . lina the young people in this country ... they be like pig ; all they want be happiness .... but one need pig sometimes . ( as it ring again ; to carla ) liebchen ... carla put down she magazine , go out to the kitchen . Danny 's eye follow she , and curtis 's follow he . lina do you feel you be make progress here ? danny you mean ilio manzetti ? lina forget manzetti .... take on something simple . something you can actually accomplish . ( to curtis ) maybe he would be more valuable in the city . curtis a urban type . Danny be stung . carla call from the kitchen . carla ( o.s. ) Danny ... telephone . he start : who could be call he here ? as he go into the kitchen to take the phone , curtis say quietly ... curtis he 's mad , lina , you know that . she hear he but do not respond . int . kitchen -- day Danny pick up the phone ; there 's a New York Times beside it . carla busy herself about the kitchen . danny hello ? woman' voice you know what today be ? danny Linda ... how do you get this number ? linda' voice it 's Mom 's yartzeit . Danny start to hang up , see carla watch , turn away keep he voice low . danny how do you get the fuck number ? linda' voice I want you to say kaddish for she . it 's the only thing she ask from we .... danny I do not do that . linda' voice you do it on the inside .... danny do not tell I what I -- linda' voice ... I want you to do it on the outside , too . danny no ! linda' voice yes ! he hang up . he grab the Times , look through it quickly . carla who 's Linda ? danny ( drop the Times ) why will not you talk to I ? carla I be talk to you right now . who 's Linda ? he try to kiss she . she push he away . danny when can I see you ? carla you can not . lina ( o.s. ) ( in german ) carla , it 's time to leave . carla I have to go visit my father . danny you father ?? carla he 's at a home out here . she start to walk past . he grab she arm . danny I be come to you room tonight . carla no . she try to pull free ; he will not let she go . lina ( o.s. ) carla ! carla just after midnight . five past ... but do not come through the house , they ' will hear you . I be in the back bedroom , second floor . climb onto the kitchen roof , I will leave the window open . he try to kiss she , but she duck away and go out . ext . STREET / int . o.l. be van -- evening Danny be park opposite a fortresslike building of soile brick . for a long time he cannot bring himself to get out . finally he open the door .... int . ahavat torah , foyer -- evening a large woman , about 40 , she body barely contain by a brilliant magenta dress , greet he with a smile the size of a wedding cake . she hold out a prayer book stuff with flyer . large woman shabbat shalom . she speak quietly , not want to disturb the service , yet even so she voice be huge , and she flash eye clearly expect some kind of enthusiastic response . within we hear the alenu be chant . Danny ignore she and the proffer siddur . a basket of yarmulke seem to infuriate he , but he snatch one anyway and , convey a helpless disgust , put it on he head . from within he hear ... congregation ( o.s. ) ( in rough unison ) ba - yom , ha-hoo , ba - yom , ha hoo ... ( etc . ) he stand with he hand on the door , but not open it . rabbi' amplified voice ( o.s. ) on that day , the eternal shall be one . and his name shall be one .... the organist play a brief decrescendo .... rabbi' amplified voice the mourner 's kaddish can be find on page 187 .... large woman be anything wrong ? danny shut the fuck up . she 's startle but not intimidate , be about to respond , when Danny simply turn and walk out of the building . ext . ahavat torah -- evening he stop beneath a open window through which he hear ... rabbi' amplified voice ... grant we peace , thy most precious gift , o thou eternal source of peace . we recall with loving memory that whom thou hast summon unto thee . and we mention by name ... Sophie budnitz ... Bernard schwabb ... milton lifter ... Aaron lustig ... minnie baum ... Danny close he eye , but at the end add , under she breath : danny ... harriet kantor balint ... a half dozen voice , include Danny 's , recite in unison ... danny & other yis-ga - dal v'yis- ka-dash sh'may ra-bo ... the body of the congregation join in on certain phrase , produce a subtle and solemn music . Danny chant the entire prayer , and the moment it end , and the rabbi begin the benediction .... rabbi be voice ( amplified ) May the Lord bless you and keep you .... ext . ahavat torah / STREET -- evening ... he start toward he car . but the rabbi 's voice seem to follow he , unnaturally loud and clear : rabbi ( o.s. ) May he cause the light of his countenance to shine upon you and be gracious unto you .... danny ( to himself ) eat shit .... rabbi ( o.s. ) ... May you be bless in you go forth as you be in you come .... danny ( shouting to the empty street ) eat shit , asshole .... rabbi ( o.s. ) and let we say ... rabbi & congregation ( with organ ; singsong ) ah -- ah -- ah ....men .... as Danny reach the van , he see the large woman silhouett in the open doorway .... large woman you eat shit . Danny realize he 's still wear the kippah . he throw it at she , but it only go a couple of foot . he catch it , throw harder . this time it float back toward he , and he have to jump out the way to keep it from hit he . he get in the car and drive off . a wristwatch : 12:05 . we be : ext . farmhouse -- night Danny hoist himself onto the kitchen roof . above he be a open window , candlelight flicker . he start into the room , stop .... int . bedroom -- night carla sit on the bed , straddle curtis , who lie beneath she . she be look right at Danny . curtis , unaware of he , keep thrust into she from below . Danny start to leave , but on second think stay . carla stare expressionless , yet more attentive to he than to curtis . indeed , they eye never leave each other , so that when she become arouse , we understand that it be Danny she be respond to , Danny she be really make love to . gradually she face lose its aloofness and seem to reach out to he , to reveal feeling that she can no longer deny . she hold she gaze until , at the final instant , she shudder out a series of stifle cry . when she look again , the window be empty . int . danny's motel room -- day Danny read . a knock at the door . he look up , curtis come in . Danny stiffen at the sight of he , but curtis be friendly . curtis what be you read ? Danny tilt the book to show he : History of political philosophy . curtis Leo strauss ... ( nod approvingly ) I have get to go to Boston . I come to say goodbye . danny what about Mrs. moebius and ...? curtis they leave a hour ago . ( off Danny 's disappointment ) you mind some personal advice ? forget carla . that 's not the side you bread 's butter on . ( off Danny 's silence ) how soon can you get back to the city ? danny a week or so . there 's something I want to do here first . curtis what 's that ? ( off Danny 's silence ) okay . surprise we ... int . darkness -- night the sound of splitting wood . then voice in a cavernous space ... chaos of voice ow , shit ... you be step on my fuck -- ... get off I ... goddammit ... ( sound of punch , a scuffle ) stop it !... where 's the light ? one appear , illuminate nothing , dissipate into the still vaster darkness . a series of light bang on in ecclesiastical burst , illuminate : a vault ceiling ... stain glass panel ... we be : int . synagogue sanctuary -- night a dour , ornate place build in the early decade of the century . the sight of it silence everyone for a moment . then ... carleton Jew World ...!! drake , billing , carleton , o.l. and steroid run wild ... kick over bench ... spray-paint swastikas ... hurl prayer book ... urinate from the balcony ... ... Danny look around like someone revisit he childhood home : slide he hand along a pew back ... leaf through a chumash ... gaze up at the eternal lamp behind its red glass ... the gild door of the ark ... a hint of kol nidre music haunt he .... danny ( to himself , barely a whisper ) shut up . fuck you .... kyle ( o.s. ) what ...? Danny turn ; Kyle be right behind he . danny nothing . where be it ? ( as Kyle hoist a sport bag ) okay , let 's take one of this panel off so we can get under the bema ... the stage . as they unscrew a panel , carleton run past . a football flash overhead . we hear glass break ... laughter . int . under the stage -- night danny watch kyle attach a bomb ( four stick of dynamite wire to a digital timer ) to a 2 x4 with a bungee cord . he hook the end , cautiously let go . the cord spring free . the bomb fall . Kyle gasp . Danny catch it . frozen , they look at each other . Kyle exhales , take the bomb and , with Danny hold it , carefully restring the bungee . a mechanical noise overhead : steroid ( o.s. ) wow , look at this shit .... danny what be they do ? Kyle have no idea and do not care . Danny scramble out . int . sanctuary -- night straighten up , Danny be stunne by a vision : the OPEN ark -- the torah ... they silver crown and breastplate , velvet robe . and steroid excess , lift one out . Danny react with a instinctive horror . danny what be you do ? put that down ! ... put it back in there . steroid -- cow by Danny -- start to obey , but before he can ... billing what do you care ? danny I do not , but ... billing ( vault onto the stage ) let 's look at the fuck thing . each curse make Danny wince , but he just hover about nervously as billing and steroid try to unwrap the torah while other gather , some comically wrapping themselves in tallise . danny put it there , on the ... he indicate the bema , step back as if to deny any involvement , yet at the same time try to monitor everything they do . danny ( indicate crown , the yod ... ) just be careful with the ... o.l. ( put a crown on he head ) " if I be king of the forest ... not Prince , not Duke , not Earl ... " Danny can not endure this desecration , but everyone else laugh , so he keep he mouth shut . kyle open it up . danny ( impulsively take over ) here ... he shove he way in and , grip the handle , unroll the torah . low murmur at the sight of the broad column , the mysterious calligraphy , the crackling parchment . Danny himself be strike by the sudden immediacy of the sacred text . over this ... voice oooo ... weird ... you read it from right to leave .... the letter look like squash bug .... what kind of paper be that ? danny it 's not paper , it 's parchment . it 's make from sheepskin . and all the letter be draw by hand . kyle neat calligraphy . Danny nod , then , as if against he will .... danny it 's call the flame alphabet . it 's suppose to be the word of God write in fire . billing Fire ... danny the mystic try to read the white space around the letter . they think there be a whole alternative language hide there , with secret , alternative meaning . kyle cool . Danny see drake watch he , smirk to express he disgust . billing how come you know all this shit ? danny how come you do not know it ? ( press the advantage ) how can you say you hate the Jews when you do not know anything about -- billing fuck you . I hate the Jews at least as much as you do . danny no , you do not .... if you hate they , you would study they , so you would know why you hate they . you know what tefillin be ? tsitsis ? shotness ? you know the kaddish from the kiddush ? ( obviously not ) eichmann ? he go to Israel . he study the torah , the talmud , the mishnah , the whole bit . he hate Jews . carleton who 's eichmann ? danny who 's eichmann ?!!? Danny 's incredulous , though it 's not clear how many of the other know why eichmann be . kyle he be head of the gestapo 's jewish sector . he deport people to the camp . carleton ( reach toward the parchment ) can we touch it ? danny yeah , but not on the letter . billing why the fuck not ? danny ( warning finger ) just do not . billing bristle at Danny 's authority ; carleton say to he ... carleton do not you see raider of the lose ark ? billing what ?? carleton that be a ark , man . that be a torah . they fuck around with it , and the torah melt they face . billing that 's a movie , you moron . carleton Fine , go ahead . touch the letter . the other be gather around , delicately touch the sheepskin . billing let I see . he push through , look at the torah . he run he finger over the crinkle parchment , the smooth black letter . danny I say not on the -- suddenly billing grab the parchment in both hand and try to tear it . it 's tougher than it look . danny stop it ! what be you do ? he try to stop he , but -- accidentally or not -- drake get in the way , and before Danny can do anything else , billing crumple it and finally tear a long gash into the scroll . this produce a strange effect on the other . some ( Kyle , steroid , drake ) join in . they knock the aitz off the bema , it roll out , expose ten foot of torah . they stamp on it , spit on it .... other ( carleton , o.l. ) , though less troubled than Danny , be surprised ( and embarrassed ) by they own revulsion at this act . Danny watch helplessly , like the survivor who do nothing as he son be murder . finally the torah lie tear and soile on the stage . a strange silence . kyle let 's get out of here . ... Danny kneel by the torah . with a tallis , he attempt to clean the parchment . carleton and o.l. help he roll it onto the aitz . [ echo " Christ take down from cross " with torah as Christ . ] they replace the cover , the yod , the crown .... finally Danny lift it up , hold it to he as if it be he dead child . he close he eye , murmur to himself .... danny shema yisrael adonai elohenu adonai echod . carleton what would you say ? danny nothing . let 's go .... he start to walk out , carry the torah . carleton why be you take that ? danny I be steal it . ext . ahavat torah -- day a video image : newscaster voice ( v.o. ) ... tragedy be barely avert today at Temple ahavat torah when a bomb plant under the bema fail to detonate .... kyle ( o.s. ) shit ! newscaster voice ( v.o. ) ... authority say that if it have , injury and loss of life could have be in the dozen .... int . danny's motel room -- day Danny , Kyle and other watch the tv . newscaster voice Channel 8 's Cindy pomerantz speak to rabbi malcolm Weiss . on tv : Cindy ( sleek , sexy ) and the rabbi ( handsome , vain ) . cindy ( on tv ) rabbi , how be it that disaster and tragedy be avert here today at ahavat torah ? rabbi ( on tv ) apparently the power cell in the timer give out precisely thirteen minute before the device be set to go off . so we can only conclude that once again God have intervene to save the jewish people .... danny ( give the finger to the tv ) oh , fuck you ... rabbi ( on tv ) as you know , Cindy , thirteen be a mystical number in the jewish faith . we believe that God have thirteen attribute ... Danny be beside himself . rabbi ( on tv ) ... of which the high be ein sof , which mean " without end , " or , sometimes , " nothingness without end .... " cindy ( on tv ) nothingness without end .... that 's very interesting . rabbi ( on tv ) the purest form of spirit ... on danny . sound fade . he 's haunt : " nothingness without end " be what he would tell guy danielsen the Jews be obsessed with . he seem to hear the cello play " kol nidre " again . then ... danny okay , everybody out . get out . he switch off the tv . shove they out the door , slam it . int . danny's motel room -- later alone he sit at the desk , find himself gaze at the torah , stand in a corner of he closet , drape in the tallis . he slam the closet door , it bounce open . slam it again , make sure it latch . he sit down , look at the close door until , in bitter resignation he get up and open it again . he unroll the torah on the bed ... scotch tape the tear close ... attempt to clean the stain with a moisten cloth . int . danny's motel room -- day Danny be in the bathroom in front of the mirror , hold he shirt up with he chin as he wrap the tallis around he torso . when he lower the shirt , the fringe hang out like the tsitsis that Orthodox man wear . he feel a weird loathing for this , but he smooth and arrange the tsitsis to look just like a hasid 's . he click he heel together and give a Nazi salute . danny alenu l' shab 'ach la'adon hacol ... another Nazi salute . a knock at the door . he hide the fringe under the shirt , throw a blanket over the torah . danny what ? steroid ( o.s. ) phone , Danny . ext . motel -- pay phone -- day guy voice ( phone ) Danny balint ... guy danielsen , New York Times . danny ( tuck in the tallis fringe ) what do you want ? what happen to you article ? guy voice ( phone ) I could not get my editor to run it , but I bet he will now that you have put a bomb in a synagogue . that be you , be not it , Danny ? Danny hang up . stands there . a voice make he jump .... voice ( drake ) hey , Danny , want to kill a Jew ? Danny turn : it 's drake . this be the first word he 's speak . ext . suburban STREET / int . car -- day Danny and drake pass a low - sling modern synagogue . a sign announce : ambassador ilio manzetti Friday , August 31 . Danny react , startle ... drake smile . drake Park up there , we will walk back . ext . congregation beth shalom -- twilight the building be light . within we hear a amplified voice , presumably manzetti give a speech . we can not make out the word . Danny and drake be hide among the rhododendrons flanking the parking lot . Danny be watch a door in the side of the building and eat a sandwich as drake load a scope rifle . drake lie on you stomach and come up on you elbow . danny why I ? drake you want to kill a Jew . I already do . Danny assume the prone position , drake set the rifle in he hand . danny who would you kill ? drake four . but no one this important . we hear applause within as the speech end . drake okay , it 's over . he will take a couple question , then come out .... sight down the rifle toward the door . through rifle scope : Danny pan from the side door -- where two men be smoking -- to a wait limousine . danny how do you know they be Jews ? drake I can tell .... danny how ? drake I be a Jew in a previous life . before Danny can respond , drake gesture toward the synagogue . drake here they come . Danny put he eye back to the scope . scope Pov : stir at the door . the man put out they cigarettes . Three figure emerge : a man and a woman on either side of a older , distinguished - look man ( manzetti ) . they walk this way . drake ( o.s. ) shoot he in the head . always shoot a Jew in the head . danny I be a bad shot . I do not think I can -- drake ( o.s. ) just get he in the cross-hair . with that shell , anywhere you hit he , it will bounce around , rip he inside all up . scope Pov : the trio walk this way , cross-hair on manzetti . drake ( o.s. ) right there ! just squeeze he trigger . slow ... do it ! Danny fire , miss . everybody hit the ground . drake you miss on purpose . danny I do not . I tell you , I can not -- drake what 's that ? Danny look over he shoulder . his shirt have ride up he back , revealing the tallis wrap around he waist . drake I know it . drake pull a .45 from the duffel .... without think , Danny roll over , fire the rifle . drake be blow backward , drop the .45 . Danny leap up .... drake 's on he hand and knee , he trousers quickly darken with blood . Danny 's upset . danny oh , Jesus ... drake , be you okay ...? footstep , come this way . Danny run . we hear voice , " get down .... stay down .... he 's get a gun .... " drake pick himself up , stumble away , bent over .... ext . queen -- dusk Danny park the van in a abandon lot near the river . quickly wiping down the wheel with he shirt , he toss out he duffel bag and the scope rifle . he climb out , wipe down the door , throw the rifle into the water , grab the duffel and hurry away . danny ( v.o. ) Kyle , it 's I Danny . how you do ?... I have to come into the city to see Mrs. moebius ... no , I give drake the van , do not he bring it back ? int . danny's apartment -- night Danny 's on the phone , whipping through several newspaper . danny ... since when ?... really ? and he do not call ?... no , I do not know ... he find a tiny item : " gunfire reported at synagogue . " he scan it : no mention of drake or himself . danny sure , come on down .... can you bring my stuff ?... thanks ... and if drake show up , let I know right away .... good ... he hang up . from behind some book , he extract the small caliber handgun he find in he father 's house earlier . int . mrs . moebius' apartment -- twilight Danny alone , wait , nervous . he hear footstep approach , he touch the gun in the back of he trousers . lina and curtis enter . lina how have thing be go ? danny ( how much do they know ? ) Fine . lina ( indicate a chair ) we want to talk to you about something .... ( as they sit , Danny nervous ) we be about to launch a aboveground , intellectually serious fascist movement . Danny be relieved and intrigue . lina nod at curtis to go on . curtis we want to build bridge to certain position in the political mainstream : work like the Bell Curve , sociobiology , anti-Zionism , anti- immigration , the com-munitarian issue .... we will hold conference : invite liberal , black , Jews . Chomsky , cockburn , stanley crouch , shahack .... danny I have be wait all my life for something like this . mrs . moebius we want you to help run it . give speech , lead seminar ... handle the fund-raising . danny ( slap in the face ) fund-raise ?? mrs . moebius we think you would be good at it . off-screen we hear the front door . feet come up the stair .... danny what about ... manzetti , the synagogue .... curtis that do not seem to be happen , do it ? danny I have be stick out in the country with that guy who just want to paint swastikas and heil Hitler . how be I suppose to -- ( get anything do there ? ) he stop short as carla walk into the room for shopping . she glance at they , put down she bag , go into the kitchen .... curtis Danny , the night we meet , you say the name ilio manzetti . we be impressed . we be excited . but here it be September , and Mr. manzetti be still walk around breathe the air . mrs . moebius we need intellectual , we have enough thug already . Danny 's watch carla go down the hall toward the back , can barely bring he attention back to the conversation at hand . danny I be not a intellectual .... I mean , I read , but ... fund-raise be not what I ... mrs . moebius look , if you want to kill Jews on you free time , fine . we need you to raise money . will you do that for we ? he nod but can not look at she . mrs . moebius thank you . he 's dismiss . he rise . mrs . moebius do you have a suit ? ( off Danny ; to curtis ) let 's get he one .... and a cell phone too . ( as Danny turn to go ; a joke for she own amusement ) and if you insist on blow up a synagogue , make it that big one on fifth Avenue , would you ? danny Beth shalom ? it 's Reform . mrs . moebius so what ? danny they be not that jewish . mrs . moebius I do not care what they be . I know that people , and I do not like they . the rest be just a bunch of kike , be not they ? she smile . he manage a smile back and hurry away , face burn with shame . ext . moebius apartment , STREET -- night Danny come out of the building , squat between two park car and vomit , retching spastically until , gasp for breath ... voice here ... he turn . carla walk over to he , wipe he mouth with a crumpled tissue . when she move to kiss he , he hold back , shy about the smell , but she kiss he anyway , on the mouth . int . danny's apartment -- night carla , naked , browsing the book , see something in the closet . it 's the torah Danny take from the synagogue . she unroll it on the bed , she gaze move over the mysterious , glossy script . Danny , come out of the bathroom , see what she be do , and stop short . carla where would you get this ? danny I steal it . from a synagogue . she look at the broad print column .... carla how come there 's no punctuation ? danny that be a later invention , it 's not in the scroll .... anyway , the Jews know where the sentence end . they know the whole thing by heart . every word . every letter . carla do you know it like that ? by heart . danny no . carla but you can read it , the Hebrew .... right ? danny what do you care ? carla ' Cause I want to know .... what be this word ? this one here ... Danny look at the word , then back at she . he 's tear between compete desire , but finally ... danny va-yomer ... and he say . ( she move she finger to the leave ) it go the other way . carla ( she know that ) oh , yeah ... ( move finger right ) danny va-yomer adonai el avram : lech lecha mayartzcha oo-mimohlad - tcha oo - m'e bayt avaycha el ha-ertez asher arecha ... carla what 's it mean ? danny and God say to avram , take yourself away from you land and from the place you be bear and from you father 's house into the land -- a different land -- and I will show you .... Danny remain silent a moment , affect by the passage .... carla I want to learn to read it . danny why ? carla know you enemy .... ' Cause it 's a basic text of western culture . I want to read it in the original . okay ? danny Hebrew 's very difficult . it would take year . carla I be good at language . he look at the smooth expanse of she back , the articulation of she spine . he find she very beautiful . danny put something on . you be not suppose to be naked in front of it . carla why not ? danny they think it 's the word of God , and it 's holy , and the flesh be not .... carla that 's stupid . danny yeah , it 's stupid . ( indicate she T-shirt ) put it on , or I will not teach you . she grudgingly pull on the shirt as he get a pencil and paper . danny see , the Jews love to separate thing : the holy from the profane , milk from meat , wool from linen , the sabbath from the week , the Jew from the gentile .... as if one little scrap of this be go to completely contaminate that . carla what asshole . danny you can not curse in front of it either . he shrug as if indifferent to this rule , yet compel to point they out . carla who get contaminate , the Jews or the gentile ? danny good question . both . ( draw a letter ) aleph ... carla it look a little like a swastika . danny it 's silent . it hold a place , take a vowel . the vowel be little dot that go under the letter . carla where be they ? danny they do not put they in the torah . I will get you a chumash , they will have they there ... Bet ... gimel ... dalid ... Hay ... ( as she repeat the name ) how come you be here instead of with curtis ? besides the Hebrew lesson ... carla the sex be better . danny even though he dick be so big ? carla with you there 's a tragic dimension . danny vuv ... Zayin ... Chet ... Tet ... he write each letter as he say it , and she repeat after he . ext . williamsburg bridge -- day Danny and Kyle . kyle this will be a different kind of device . danny that damn thing . you know how it make I look ...? kyle I be sorry , Danny . it will not happen again . I be go to use a brand - new power cell . plus we will have a back - up timer . danny I have gotta kill some Jews , Kyle . I be serious . I be always talk about it . this time it 's gotta happen . kyle it will . Kyle 's confident , and the prospect of this really happen give Danny pause . he feel a brief chill , escape it with ... danny what about drake , do he ever show up ? kyle no , it 's weird , man . nobody know where he go . Danny nod , gesture for Kyle to split . Kyle look around , walk away . Danny wait a moment , then head in the opposite direction . ext . williamsburg -- day Danny walk behind a hasidic family ( man , woman , 3 - year - old boy , stroller ) ... watch they . at a corner , the father take the boy 's hand , and as they cross the street , the boy glance back at Danny . ext . country road -- day , 1943 two nazi soldier have just discover a jewish family hide in the back of a hay wagon . the polish man be hold the little boy . as a soldier try to take the boy out of he arm , the child panic , cling to he father , scream , " papa ... papa ... " it be the scene the survivor describe in the meeting with the Nazis . but now the father be danny be father .... father ( in polish ) ... hush , come on , do not cry . everything will be all right .... a Nazi sergeant come over , irritate . the sergeant be Danny . danny / nazi sergeant ( in german ) what 's the matter here ? father ( to the sergeant , in german ) Excuse I , I be sorry , just a moment ... the sergeant rip the child out of he arm . the kid become hysterical . the father manage to take the boy 's hand . father ( in Polish ) please , sweetheart , you have to go . I will see you soon . in a access of disgust , the sergeant stick he bayonet into the boy -- or rather , into something offscreen . we hear a terrible sound , the child grunt . the family gasp in horror . Danny / sergeant lift the ( unseen ) child into the air . its shadow darken the father 's face . drop of blood run down he cheek .... Danny / sergeant stare into the father 's face , enraged at the man 's passivity . danny / nazi sergeant Fucking kike . ext . STREET -- day danny's face -- sweat , haunt , as if he 's just wake from the previous . he 's still walk down the street , but now , as if to flee he thought , he step through a door into ... int . bookstore -- day a jewish bookstore . he grab the first book that come to hand , read for a moment , throw it down in disgust . pick it up again , be still read when ... voice hey , Danny ... Danny ... he look up at a young man about he own age ; wear a yarmulke , but otherwise normal , hair clean , beard neatly trim . young man it 's Stuart . Stuart schoenbaum . danny shlomo ? stuart yeah ... Danny put down the book , try to conceal that he 's be read it . he offer a hand . Stuart manage to restrain the impulse to embrace he , but take the hand warmly . stuart jeez , it 's be since , what , Kenny 's wedding . danny yeah , uh ... so how be you ? what 's go on ? stuart I be in the rabbinic program at jts ... danny jts ...? stuart what about you ? what be you do ? something strange , I bet . danny I be in a kind of ... underground ... thing . stuart ( impressed , excited ) be you a artist ? danny no , no ... not that kind of ... underground . more a private ... business . private . meaning he can not talk about it . Stuart nod . Danny notice a young woman : dark , curly hair , sharp eye . stuart you remember Miriam .... danny yeah , hey , how're you do ... miriam hey ... a irony to she . they certainly remember each other . stuart she 's at Yale Law -- intern with the district attorney ... ( Miriam make a face ) we be get marry next spring . in Israel . danny wow , that 's uh ... great ... he glance at Miriam ; but she have pick up the book he would be read , be leaf through it . it make he uneasy . stuart it 's great see you .... miriam maybe Danny would like to come to the minyan for the holiday .... Danny give she a dirty look , but Stuart 's thrilled : stuart oh , good idea . we be daven with this group from the seminary . interesting people , very open-minded , you might like they . and guess who come ... avi ! you guy could go at it again like the good old day . as Stuart scribbles a address ... stuart Danny and avi use to argue about everything . torah , talmud , politics , girl . it always end in a fistfight . miriam I remember . danny I always win . miriam the argument , anyway . stuart ( hand Danny the address ) it 's a k.i. on 101st . in the little chapel . try to make it . it would be fun . Danny smile . he have no intention of go . once they leave , he pick up the book and resume read . int . a executive suite -- day roger brand , a high - power ceo , sit behind a big desk , speed -read something through half - glass . he finish , remove the glass . a New York Times be on the desk . brand you write that ? ( as Danny nod ) come work for I . you have get a lot to learn ; I can teach it to you . danny I have a job . brand this ? this be a joke . ( toss down the page ) I will give you group a thousand buck . danny you give fifty thousand to that college magazine . brand fifty 's a exaggeration . anyway , that be a different moment . thing be possible that be not now . danny actually , I think this moment have possibility that -- brand yeah , I read you piece . it 's very smart . and very wrong . brand 's phone beep , he touch a button , continue . brand forget the jewish stuff . it do not play anymore . ( over Danny 's ) there 's only the market , now , and it do not care who you be . danny people still need value , belief .... brand no , they do not . not the smart one . ( because he like he ) look , I will give you five grand if you can document you tax - exempt status .... but when you fall off this horse , come see I . I can show you how to make a lot of money . danny I do not care about money . brand you will . danny you be a Jew . maybe you do not realize it , but you be . brand ( smile , uninsulted ) maybe I be . maybe we be all Jews now . what 's the difference ? on Danny , troubled by this . int . a SMALL lecture hall -- evening a half - dozen white lumpen sit at desk . Danny write " anti - semitism " in large letter on a blackboard . he turn .... danny how many of you think of yourselves as anti-semite ? ( all the hand go up . ) good . actually , the term be a bit imprecise since technically Jews be only one of the semitic people .... in fact , Arabs be semite , as be the eritrean , the ethiopian , and so on .... but for we purpose a anti- semite be someone who hate or be against Jews .... now , why do we hate they ? he look around . the room be silent . danny let I put it another way . do we hate they because they push they way in where they do not belong ? or because they be clannish and keep to themselves ? murmur of " yeah . both . " but some be confuse by this . int . same -- another day slightly bigger crowd , a few middle - class -look people . danny ... because they be tight with money , or because they flash it around ? because they be bolsheviks or because they be capitalist ? because they have the high iqs , or because they have the most active sex life ? the audience , confuse ... danny do you want to know the real reason we hate they ?... int . same -- day ... more people : white collar worker of both sex , nurse , artist . lapel button , bumper sticker , backpack : " fight new world disorder " " stop the wto " " earth first ! " danny ... because we hate they . ( as people exchange puzzle look ) because they exist . because it be a axiom of civilization that just as man long for woman , love he child and fear death , he hate the Jews . ( smile ) there be no reason . if there be , some smart - ass kike would give we a argument , try to prove we be wrong . and of course that would only make we hate they more . in fact we have all the reason we need in three simple letter : j-e - W. Jew . say it a million time . it be the only word that never lose its meaning : Jew Jew Jew Jew Jew Jew Jew Jew Jew Jew Jew Jew Jew .... ext . new jersey meadowland -- dawn Danny and Kyle sit in the tall grass across the marshland toward the Manhattan skyline shimmer in the distance . kyle ( sing , look at watch ) " my country ' tis of thee , sweet land of liberty , of thee I ... " he point sharply and a explosion occur thirty yard away . they run over , pick up the mangle timer . they be pleased . ext . jcc ( ansche chese ) -- day a couple of straggler hurry through the door as we hear ... voice b'rosh hashanah yika -teyvun , uv 'yom tsom kippur yey - chateymun ... int . SMALL chapel -- day rosh hashanah service . a woman be daven .... woman and it come to pass after this thing that God test abraham ... danny ... sit with Stuart and Miriam ... woman ( o.s. ) ... and say to he , " abraham . " and he say , " here be I ... " and God say , " take you son , you only son , whom you love ... " danny ( to himself ) it 's not he only son .... another voice the only one he love . Danny look at avi ( athletic , smooth - shaven ) who grin sardonically and fake a punch as ... danny they only kill they when they love they ? avi ( slide into a seat next to they ) what be you do here , I think you be a Nazi . stuart come on , avi ... avi you know what this guy tell I once : Islam and Judaism both start with abraham murdering he son : first send ishmael into the desert , then sacrifice Isaac .... voice shhhh ... can you please be quiet ? danny and Christianity 's the same , with minor variation . avi ridiculous . ( to the people around they ) folk , do not listen to this guy . he 's a well - know anti-semite . miriam avi , please ... avi ( snatching off Danny 's hat ) ... look , he 's a skinhead . voice it 's just a style , avi .... there be antiracist skin . avi ( laugh ) believe I , Danny 's the racist kind . be you a fascist , Danny ? yes or no . danny what 's a fascist ? avi I rest my case . he 's a jewish Nazi . he always be . danny whereas avi 's a Zionist Nazi . avi the Zionist be not Nazis . danny they be racist , they be militaristic , they act like bullyboy in the territory .... avi they do not have extermination camp . danny they have sabra and shattila . miriam do you hate they because they be wimp or because they be bullyboy ? Danny 's startle by the question , but before he can react ... avi ( over she , to Danny ) that be the lebanese , that be not -- voice ( o.s. ) the israeli Army know about the camp . Sharon encourage the falangist to go in there and murder all the -- avi you do not know that . there 's no -- danny read the early Zionist on european jewry ; they sound like Goebbels . avi they sound like you . danny the Nazis do everything the führer tell they . you do everything the torah tell you . or the rebbe . identical slave mentality . avi lunge at he . they begin pound each other . Chaos . ext . STREET -- night Miriam and Danny walk down West end Avenue together . he 's oddly relaxed with she ? miriam why do you come tonight ? to see I ? danny ( after a beat ) to hear they read torah . miriam I think you hate torah . danny that do not mean I do not like hearing it . miriam Point out all the lie and fuck - up think . she smile and even he smile a little . they walk together , oddly companionable . miriam you know the joke : a Jew 's shipwreck on a desert island . when they rescue he , they see he 's build two synagogue . they say , for vhat do you need two synagogue ? he say , vun to pray in , and vun I would never set foot in so long as I live , so help I God . ( he nod , he 's hear it ) you pray in the one you would never set foot in ... and vice versa . danny I can not help what I think . miriam this be I . she stop in front of a nice doorman building . he 's impressed . miriam tell I about lina moebius . danny ( startle ) how do you ...? miriam I work in the da 's office . you go to that meeting , half the people there be informant . danny you mean the Times guy ? miriam which Times guy ? danny with the shoe ... there be more than one ? in a excess of paranoia , he walk away . she call after he .... miriam Danny ... Danny ... ( he do not look back ) shit ... int . danny's apartment -- night swelter heat . a fan ruffle carla 's hair as she lie on the futon go back and forth between Hebrew / English torah and a Hebrew grammar . Danny be on the floor lift weight . carla ( slowly , laboriously ) payn tash - chiton v'ashiytem ... danny ( correct she ) v'asitem ... carla v'asitem lechem pessel to-monat . and make no graven image of the Lord , or the form of any figure , or of man or woman , or beast or fowl or fish or anything that look like anything . because he 's not like anything . not only can not you see him or hear him , you can not even think about him . I mean , what 's the difference between that and him not exist ? danny ( still exercise ) no difference . carla Christianity 's silly , but at least there 's something to believe in . or not believe . Judaism there 's nothing . danny ( to himself ) nothing but nothingness ... Judaism 's not about belief . carla what 's it about ? danny about do thing . you light candle , say prayer , keep the sabbath , visit the sick .... carla and belief follow ? danny no. nothing follow . you do not do it because it 's smart or stupid or it save you soul . you be not save . nobody 's save . you do it because the torah tell you do . you submit to the torah . carla fuck that . danny do not curse in front of it . carla ( flip the book close ) why should I submit ? danny you should not . carla you think I should just because there 's no reason ? he look at she without answer . danny no , I think you should not . carla Judaism do not even need God . you have the torah , the law . that 's you fuck God .... ( anticipate he objection ) the book 's close . in a access of something , she bite he arm , hard . he wince , push she away . she kiss the place she bit . he start to play with she hair .... danny you be learn the Hebrew really fast . carla I tell you , I be good at this . danny plus you have nothing else to do all day . carla oh , be I learn it faster than you do ? maybe I be smarter . he laugh , like she arrogance . but she misunderstand : carla be that funny ? you think Jews be the only smart one ? as they make out , grow arouse ... danny what ...? you think I be jewish ? carla it 's all you talk about . jewish , jewish , jewish . nobody talk about it that much except the Jews . Danny 's take aback by the simple logic . danny Nazis talk about it all the time . carla do they ? and , of course , she have grow up among Nazis . danny the real Nazis . Hitler , Goebbels , they talk about Jews incessantly .... you ever read they diary ?... carla be that why you become a Nazi ? so you could talk about Jews incessantly ? danny believe I , Adolf Hitler could not possibly have hate the Jews as much as I do . not in a billion year . you know why ? carla ' Cause he be not a rabbi . danny you want a punch in the mouth ? carla okay ... ( he do not hit she ) why do not we light candle on Friday ? let 's light candle .... and say the kaddish . danny kaddish be the prayer for the dead . carla I mean kiddush . let 's say kiddush . and shave my head , fuck through a sheet , all that stuff ... ( as he walk away ) come on , just for fun . to see what it 's like ... int . SMALL lecture hall -- night pack with a well - dress crowd , very different from the crowd we have see here before . down in front : Mrs. moebius and Danny talk in low tone . mrs . moebius half the right - wing money in New York be here tonight . they come to see you . if you impress they , if you do what I know you can , this movement will be up and run by tomorrow . and on the front page of the New York Times in six month . she straighten he tie , direct he toward the lectern . he hesitates .... danny we test the new bomb . mrs . moebius what ? danny we redesign the timing mechanism . it can not possibly malfunction . mrs . moebius Danny , please . just give you speech .... and nothing about Jews , okay ? she walk away . int . SMALL lecture hall -- stage -- night Danny step to the lectern . the crowd quiet . he stand silent for a long moment , then close he eye and chant with feel : danny shema yisroel adonai elohenu adonai echod . General confusion . Mrs. moebius and curtis exchange wary glance . danny who know what that be ? voice a jewish prayer . danny can anybody imagine why I would say a jewish prayer ? another voice because you be a Jew . nervous laughter . Danny laugh with they . danny that could be one reason . what 's another ? ( no response ) let I put it this way ... who here would like to destroy the Jews ? ( murmur of approval ) who want to grind they bone into the dust ? a scatter of applause , grow more sustained ... danny and who want to see they rise again , wealthier , more successful , powerful , culture and intelligent than ever ? silence . no one want that . danny then you know what you have to do ?... you have to love they . puzzle muttering : " what ?... what 's he talk about ?... " danny do he say love they ? Love the Jews ? it sound strange , I know , but with this people nothing be simple . the Jew say that all he want be to be leave alone to study he torah , do a little business and fornicate with he over - sex wife .... but it be not true . he want to be hate . he long for we scorn . he cling to it as if it be the very core and mystery of he be . if Hitler have not exist , the Jews would have invent he . for without such hatred , the so-called chosen people would vanish from the earth .... people react with confusion , uncertainty , suspicion . danny ... and this reveal a terrible truth , the crux of we problem as Nazis : the worse the Jews be treat , the stronger they become . egyptian slavery make they a nation ; the pogrom harden they , auschwitz give birth to the State of Israel . suffer , it seem , be the very crucible of they genius . if the Jews be , as one of they own have say , a people who will not take yes for a answer , then let we say yes to they . if they thrive on opposition , let we cease to oppose they . the way to annihilate they , utterly and completely , be to open we arm , take they into we home and embrace they . only then will they vanish into assimilation , dilution ... and love . ( a warning finger ) but we can not pretend . the Jew be nothing if not clever . he will see through condescension and hypocrisy . to destroy he , we will have to love he sincerely . on the audience , befuddle . a hand go up . Danny nod to it . the man step forward , and we see that it 's guy danielsen of the Times . Danny be shake .... guy but if the Jews be strengthen by hate , would not this " destruction " you speak of -- by love or by any other mean -- in fact make they more powerful than they be already ? danny ( after a beat ) yes . infinitely more . they would become as God . murmur of confusion , outrage ... " God ??!!! " Danny notice the tallis crawl out from under he shirt , stuff it back in . danny it be the Jews ' destiny to the annihilate so that they can be deified .... ( the murmur swell ) Jesus understand this perfectly . and look what be accomplish there with the death of just one enlighten Jew . imagine what would happen if we kill they all !! ( over the rise outrage ) so , let we say together ... shema yisroel ... one or two voice respond , but must people shout he down . Mrs. moebius be outrage . people be throw thing , shouting . the meeting degenerate into chaos . int . moebius apartment -- day Danny talk to Mrs. moebius . offsccreen we hear a tv . mrs . moebius be you out of you mind ?! danny I be just try to make a point . if -- carla ( o.s. ) oh , my God ... ( call ) lina ... mrs . moebius I be relieving you of all duty . I do not want you work for we anymore .... danny you can not . do you know how many people I have bring into ... the movement ...? carla ( o.s. ) lina , come here ! int . kitchen -- day carla watch a small tv on the kitchen counter . Danny arrive , follow by lina and curtis as we hear ... reporter ( o.s. ) accord to police , he have just leave the restaurant and be walk the block and a half back to he office , when the gunman step out of this doorway , fire seven time at point - blank range ... then fle on foot . danny ( a terrible premonition ) who be it ? Mrs. moebius impatiently signal he to silence . reporter ( o.s. ) ... paramedics arrive within ninety second , but Mr. manzetti be declare dead at the scene . at the mention of manzetti 's name , Danny go white . anchor' voice ilio manzetti be one of the respected and influential man in New York . as a investment banker , diplomat , adviser to president and mayor , he help shape public policy and private finance for more than three decade . he will be miss , phil . this be Michael Port with New York 1 . Danny 's knee be weak , he hand cold , he stomach rise .... he become aware of the other , stare at he in amazement . danny ( stunne ) do you think I ... mrs . moebius Danny , please , we do not want to know . she and curtis walk out of the room . stun , shake , Danny leave in a different direction . the tv play to a empty room ... anchor' voice the assailant be describe as a white male in he late 20 .... ext . moebius build / STREET -- day Danny wander out the door in a daze . his cell phone ringing . he have to search he pocket , then fumble to turn it on .... kyle's voice ( phone ) you finally kill a Jew , man . how 's it feel ? danny Kyle ... I can not talk right now .... he hear a camera shutter and motor drive . he turn .... ext . across the STREET -- day guy danielsen & a photographer . they be come toward he . guy do you kill ilio manzetti ? danny no . suddenly Danny run after the photographer , they struggle .... photographer not the camera , do not hurt the camera ... Danny open the camera , rip out the film , expose it . guy do you kill he ? Danny glare at he without answer , walk away . guy hurry after he .... guy two day ago you address a Nazi rally . last week you go to a torah study group . danny what be you , follow I ? guy how do you reconcile the two ? danny I do not . look , stay out of what you do not understand . guy explain it so I can . danny you work for the New York Times . you whole job in life be not to understand thing like I . guy I do not think you know what you be . danny ( walk on , fast ) yeah , and what be you ? a Times man ? a presbyterian ? impotent ? a prick ? guy who kill manzetti ? danny if I tell you , will you pull the story ? not write about I ? guy it 's too late .... if I do not , somebody else would . ( as Danny just snort ) yom kippur start at sundown . will you go to synagogue ? danny ( turn on he , threaten ) get the fuck away from I . guy back off . Danny cross the street . voice hey , Danny , just one more ! he glance back . it 's the photographer who have reload and now snap a shot as danny turn away and keep go .... ext . lower manhattan -- day Danny and Miriam walk together among the tree . miriam you be tell I you kill he ? you ? kill he ? bullshit . what kind of gun do you use ? danny ( guess ) a forty - five . miriam it be a nine millimeter . danny you be lie . miriam so be you ... but they will believe you .... ( as they walk ) lina moebius be say the whole thing be you idea . that you propose it in a meeting at she house . ( when he do not deny it ) ah , Jesus , Danny ... what be you think ? be you glad manzetti 's dead ? do you really want to kill Jews ? you want to kill I ? danny I be just talk . I -- look , I can not help what I think . he do not know how to answer , walk away from she to the railing overlook the water . he stare into the current flow past . finally Miriam join he .... miriam all right , what if all along you be actually infiltrate the Nazis -- to expose they .... danny but I be not . miriam and only talk about kill manzetti to convince they you be a anti-semite . if you would have any idea somebody would take it seriously , you never would have say it . danny I can not say that . miriam think about you father . you sister . danny the truth do not mean anything to you , do it ? miriam Danny , I be try to -- save you . danny ( over she ) Fucking kike . Miriam be stung . she can not believe he say that . still , she get a small tape recorder out of she purse , hand it to he . miriam try to get lina moebius on tape , tell you to do something . something violent ... that 's right , I do not care about truth . I care about you . ( look at she watch ) kol nidre 's at six - thirty . I have get to meet Stuart . we will be at the minyan tonight and tomorrow . if you need I , come there .... Danny watch she walk away , then turn to the railing . ideally a ferry be pull away from its slip and head out across the harbor . he watch it , then look down at the current move past . he reach a decision , throw the tape recorder into the water , turn and walk away .... int . danny's apartment -- late afternoon Danny stop just inside the door . the place be spotless . the desk have be pull out from the wall , cover with a snowy cloth and set for a sabbath meal : brass candelabrum , challah under a satin cover ... and two place setting . carla be pour wine into the kiddush cup . she 's wear a modest dress , she hair be pin up with a piece of lace . danny what 's go on ? she turn , startle ; she have not hear he come in . carla it 's erev yom kippur .... we will have dinner , then go to shul . atone for we sin . he grab a couple of olive off the table , eat they as he go through he closet , stuff a couple thing in a bag .... carla come on , we can be like eichmann . he study torah . he hate Jews . danny ( in the closet , look ) be it like eichmann ? be we goof ? carla I do not know . I just want to try it . danny shit ... ( look in other place ) do you talk to you mother today ? carla no . what be you look for ? danny nothing . ( indicate table as he keep look ) why be you do this ? ( back to the closet ) I think God do not exist . carla he command it whether he exist or not ... ( off he silence ; with difficulty ) look , we can fight he and be crush . or we can submit . danny ( from the closet ) and be crush . carla yeah , okay . but what if ... what if ... submit ... be crush , be nothing , not matter , what if that 's the best feel we can have ? he find it ( a kittel ) , stuff it in the bag . carla look , just light the candle with I . then we will eat . you have to eat . danny you eat first , then you light . ( exasperate , he have to explain ) once you light , it 's yom kippur , which mean you be fasting , so you can not ... eat . he trail off , look at she . she 's everything he ever want , and he 's already lose she . danny a woman of valor , who can find she ? her price be above ruby .... he walk out , leave the door open . carla start to call after he , but then do not . she turn back , light the candle and awkwardly read the prayer .... ext . STREET / pay phone -- sundown approaching Danny on a phone . behind he , Jews hurry home for the holiday . he hear a beep ... danny Miriam , it 's I , Danny .... come on , the holiday have not start , pick up the -- ( as someone do ) ... be Stuart daven ne'ilah tomorrow at the minyan ... ' Cause he always do ... tell he I be do it instead .... she argue ( we hear she voice not she word ) ... Danny cut she off . danny Miriam , I be daven .... he give I any trouble , I will beat the shit out of he right there in the room . I be serious .... she 's still talk when he hang up and walk away . int . moebius apartment -- night lina and curtis with billing and drake , who look bad ... lina why do not you tell we ? drake ( never consider it ) I be hurt . I just ... billing he go to he friend ' place and I laid up there ' till he be better . then he call I . curtis you should have go to the police . lina I do not think drake want to talk to the police . do you ? drake I will take care of he myself . the phone ring . curtis answer , listen , cover the mouthpiece . curtis Daniel balint . she take it with a dramatic gesture . lina ( take the phone ) hello ...? intercut with : ext . pay phone , 65th STREET -- night danny lina ... it 's happen . tonight . lina what be happen ? danny Beth shalom . like you want . lina Beth shalom ? what be you talk about ? who be this ...? danny lina , you say if I be go to plant a bomb , I should -- a click as she hang up . he 's pleased . he step away from the phone . he 's carry a grease -stain bag and be across from ... temple emanu-el ... kol nidre be sung by a soprano within ; and organ accompany she . ext . 5 th avenue and 65 th STREET -- night in the synagogue across the street we hear kol nidre be sung by a soprano ; a organ accompany she . Danny look up at the temple . flashcut : ext . forest road -- day , 1943 look up as the Nazi sergeant hold the boy on the bayonet over the father 's head . but now Danny be the father , and the father be the sergeant . he lunge at the Nazi , knock he down , tear at this throat . the sergeant scream .... nazi soldier ( in german , to he fellow ) kill he ! Danny bite through the Nazi 's jugular as bullet rip into he . int . fifth avenue at 65th / int . kyle's car -- night Kyle 's car be park on the Central Park side of fifth .... Danny get in the passenger side . Kyle be behind the wheel , wiring a explosive device . Danny hand he the grease -stain bag . danny how're we do ? Kyle hold up a solitary pipe bomb . kyle that 's all we have get leave . danny it will be enough if we use it right . ( check he watch ) okay , the service will go about another hour . say a hour for the janitor , then one more just to be safe ... we will go in at midnight . Kyle have extract a cheeseburger and shake from the bag . as he start in on they , he realize Danny be not eat . kyle do not you get anything ? danny I be not hungry .... come on , let 's drive around .... we do not want to be spot here . eat , Kyle start the car , pull away .... int . moebius apartment -- same time lina ( white with fury ) he be try to set we up . curtis pick up a cell phone and dial . lina ( to drake and billing ) I want he dead by tomorrow night . that lie within you capacity , correct ? billing nod . drake unconsciously lick the center of he lower lip . as they leave , we see that he limp horribly . when they be go ... curtis ( into phone ) yes , I believe that a bomb be go to be plant tonight at Temple emanu-el on 65th Street .... by the same man who kill ilio manzetti ... his name be Daniel balint .... ext . fifth avenue / int . kyle's car -- drive -- night Pov inside van . fifth be quiet . Temple emanu -el again , straight ahead . but now we see security guard near the door . kyle ( v.o. ) oh , what be this shit ? danny ( v.o. ) keep drive . do not slow down . kyle ( v.o. ) Christ ... Pov speed up , whip past the synagogue . danny ( v.o. ) not too fast . kyle ( v.o. ) you say they do not have night guard . danny ( v.o. ) they do not . I check twenty time .... somebody must have talk . kyle ( v.o. ) who even know ? danny ( v.o. ) Mrs. moebius . kyle ( v.o. ) why ? why would she ? danny ( v.o. ) the manzetti thing must have scared she . she think she will get implicate . kyle ( v.o. ) so what do we do with the device ? the Plaza straight ahead ... danny ( v.o. ) take a right on 59th ... ( as the car turn ) we will put it someplace else . kyle ( v.o. ) where ? on danny's face danny I have a idea .... int . a darkened bldg ( jewish community CENTER ) -- night a pencil-beam flashlight move through the darkness . we follow it . the light enter a space where SOUND echoes .... danny ( v.o. ) over here . int . jewish community CENTER room -- night a pencil beam show Kyle on he back attach the bomb to some kind of wooden floor cupboard . he 's worried about the paltry amount of explosive . kyle it 's all reinforce in here . it 's not go to blow out the way we want it .... Danny be too preoccupy flipping through a machzor to answer . kyle if I go back to the lumberyard , the guy would give I all the dynamite I want . untraceable , you would not -- need to ... danny no , it have to be tomorrow . you will not get this many of they in here for another year . it will be fine . kyle it 's not go to be fine . it 's -- danny just do it . Kyle sigh , go about do it , he hear something and freeze . kyle what 's that ? Danny click off the light . a silhouette on the window ... danny it 's just somebody on the street . Light on . relieved , Kyle turn he attention back to the bomb . kyle when do you want it to go off ? danny Seven - thirty tomorrow evening . kyle so that 's what ? nineteen thirty minute ... what time be it now ... Kyle check he wristwatch , set the timer to eighteen hour eighteen minute . it begin count down . ext . synagogue -- night Kyle and Danny come around the corner , get in Kyle 's car park near the side door . ext . eighth avenue newsstand -- night a stack of papers , the early edition of the Times . as Danny grab one , he notice a stack of tabloid .... front page : the manzetti crime scene with scream headline : " manzetti slayer jewish nazi . " next to this another tab : " jew kill jew ? " Danny grab a Times , flip it over ... we see only he face : register this , unsurprise . he open the paper .... insert : two photograph the sweet - face bar mitzvah boy we see at he father 's house ... and a blurry photo of Danny walk away from guy danielsen and the photographer outside Mrs. moebius 's house . Danny 's face be not clearly see . tilt up to danny calm . he tuck the paper under he arm beside the machzor and cross eighth Avenue toward a cheap hotel .... cheap HOTEL -- night carry the papers , Danny go through the door . int . HOTEL room -- early morning Danny at the window , stare out . the tv play behind he . on tv -- a reporter interviewing mrs . moebius reporter ... you be say that when he first appear at you house , you have no idea he be jewish .... mrs . moebius none whatsoever . but I have to admit , I be not terribly surprised . reporter what do you mean ? mrs . moebius I think anti-semitism today be largely a jewish phenomenon . would not you agree ? Danny can not help smile at she audacity . reporter in the third Reich , be not a number of high -ranking Nazis of jewish origin ? mrs . moebius yes , and they be say to be the most virulent proponent of the final solution . really , who but a Jew would want to kill ilio manzetti simply because he be jewish ? who think about such thing ? reporter the papers be go to report tomorrow that you colleague , curtis Zampf , have be a federal informant for the past two year . do you believe that ? mrs . moebius ( enigmatic smile ) curtis be always more complicated than he seem . even now . reporter ( to the camera ) and so , on this , the most solemn day of the jewish year , a former yeshiva student be be seek in connection with a monstrous hate crime that -- the set be clicked off with the remote . in the darken screen , we see Danny take he bag off the bed and go out the door . ext . jewish community CENTER -- late afternoon as Danny approach , a stocky young man on a fold chair outside the front door check he out . danny gamar tov . the stocky Young man beckon he on . as he pass , Danny spot a gun and shoulder holster inside the man 's zippere jacket . int . jewish community CENTER -- day several yom kippur service be go on in different room . and we hear different group of voice . and one read ... voice ... they cast lot , and the lot fall on jonah ... Danny put on he kittel -- a white prayer coat . int . jewish community CENTER , 2nd floor / int . SMALL auditorium -- day about forty worshipper , most in they 20 and 30 . Danny slip into the back , spot carla up front with Miriam and Stuart . he 's shocked , appal .... carla -- try to follow along the prayer book , suddenly Danny be lean over she shoulder from the row behind . danny ( desperate whisper ) what be you do here ? people sit nearby hush he ; he ignore they . carla Miriam call , look for you . she say you might come , so I ... danny you gotta get out of here . carla you do not own this place . stuart listen , Danny , you can not just barge in and -- danny shut up ... miriam you shut up . who do you think you be ? danny ( to carla , low , urgent ) there 's a bomb here . it 's go to go off at seven-thirty . carla oh , please ... the shushing become louder .... she turn away . voice it 's yom kippur .... people be daven .... can you take it outside .... you have some nerve .... Danny look around at the scolding , angry , pious face .... he hate they . he sit back and close he eye . ext . forest road -- day , 1943 the jewish father ( play by Danny 's father ) be rip open the sergeant 's jugular as the soldier shoot he . one of the soldier ( who be now Danny ) say : danny / nazi soldier kill they . kill they all . the soldier begin fire .... but now , three israeli commando appear , Danny , avi and the security guard we see outside . they fire uzis at the Nazis , who fire back . Danny the Nazi soldier and Danny the israeli commando fire at each other at point-blank range . the SOUND fade and we hear scraping chair , murmur , voice .... int . SMALL auditorium -- sundown Danny wake with a start . people be about to resume after a break , but there 's some confusion . people be talk to Stuart , who keep glance toward Danny .... Danny find he machzor and get up ... as he approach the bema , Stuart come to meet he . stuart Danny , listen , people expect I to daven ; they do not want someone they do not know -- lead they prayer . danny get out of my way . Stuart back down . Danny step onto the bema , open the machzor . murmuring voice what 's go on ?... who be this ?... I think Stuart be daven .... danny ( to the room ) page 766 . he glance at a clock at the back of the room : 6:14 . danny yis -gadal , v'yis - kadash sh'mey raba ... people join in , but one man , in back , be outrage . enraged man Jesus Christ , you know who that be ?... you see the paper ? male voice ( o.s. ) ( gently teasing ) you be read the paper on yom kippur , Barry ? chuckle . enraged wife I see the paper . that 's not he , that guy be darker .... this be somebody else . voice ( o.s. ) that guy would not go to shul , Barry ... enraged man you want to bet ? I will bet you anything ... ( he 's shushed , " could you , please ... " ) let 's go , we be leave .... enraged wife oh , for God 's sake , you leave . enraged man I be go to get a cop . he stalk to the door but do not leave , turn back as if compel to watch this outrage ...as .... danny da-amiran b'alma , v'imru amen ... he begin the silent amidah , take three step backward , then three forward , bow as he pray so that he see the watch on the lectern .... it say : 6:16 .... dissolve to : int . a room -- sundown Kyle on hand and knee , gasp for breath , he face bloody . drake sit in a chair , inject methamphetamine into the vein of he forearm . billing come through the door with a newspaper . billing I get one .... he squat beside Kyle , show he the Times story about Danny . kyle be you kid I ?? billing now do you know where he be ? Kyle think , glance at a watch : 6:47 . kyle yeah , I bet I do . int . SMALL auditorium -- twilight the window have darken . the congregation be on its foot chant the avinu malkenu , the climactic prayer of the day . Danny , lead the prayer , look up at carla , Stuart , Miriam ... near the front , chant with he . he look at the clock : 7:21. suddenly it seem impossible to go through with this . he stop praying , but no one notice .... ext . jewish community CENTER -- twilight as Kyle , drake and billing approach , the place seem to glow with a inner radiance . drake and billing hold weapon at they side . the stocky security guard see they come and get up , reach for he gun . billing and drake stop . Kyle wish he be not here . everything suspend for a moment as , within the building , three distinct group of voice can be hear , each chant the avinu malkenu at a slightly different point in the prayer . drake raise he gun and fire . int . jewish community CENTER -- SMALL auditorium -- twilight people be chant avinu malkenu so fervently that the gunfire outside seem only a faint popping . no one particularly notice . Danny , freaking , do not hear the gunshot . he try to address the people in the front row .... danny wait a minute ... but the praying be too loud , too strong . no one stop or listen . he step down off the bema .... danny stop praying . you have get to get out of here .... all of you ... a few people in front be puzzle by he strange behavior , but the rest keep chant . Stuart come up to Danny .... stuart you want to daven . now daven .... Danny glance over people 's head at the clock : 7:25 . he do not notice ... the door bang open . drake stand there , .357 , bleed profusely from the head , the swastika on he lip . at first , only a few people notice , they stop praying . people ( panic , confusion ) who 's that ?... what be he ...oh , my God ... avi be the first one out of he chair , walk right at drake . avi ( calm , forceful ) put down the weapon . put it down .... drake shoot he . avi go down , writhe in pain . scream , panic . people come at drake , but he grab a 11 - year- old girl , put the gun to she head . danny drake ! up here ... everyone turn , include drake -- who 's blind by the blood in he eye , but recognize the voice . enraged man see , he know he . the Nazi bastard ... drake move unsteadily toward the front , pull the girl with he . a woman ( a doctor ) go to tend avi , who be still conscious . people begin to slip out the back , take child . other stay , look to jump drake , but he keep the .357 on the little girl . danny ( to carla , Miriam , Stuart ) get everybody out of here . fast . he step back onto the bema , separate himself from the other and draw drake 's attention . the clock read 7:28 . outside we begin to hear siren .... danny drake ... drake refocus , pull the girl on .... from the hall , we hear other group in the building , chant .... voice avinu malkenu , choney - nu v'aneyenu ... avinu malkenu , choney - nu v'aneyenu , ki eyn banu ma-asim ... ( we father , out king , graciously answer we though we be undeserve ... ) -- nu va-aneynu ... at the front , drake wobble . people start forward . he cock the gun against the little girl 's head . she 's weep silently . danny drake , I be right here .... drake look . Danny reach out a hand . drake point the .357 at he and fire , miss . a hand grab the little girl , pull she to safety . the room be nearly empty now , save Miriam , carla , Stuart , a few other . the avinu malkenu can still be hear from the hall .... enraged man ( from the door ) let they kill each other . they be animal . enraged wife Barry , for God 's sake ... drake wobble from loss of blood . nearly drop the .357 . Danny glance at the clock : 7:30 . what be it , another dud ?? drake fire again , hit Danny in the shoulder .... carla Danny ! she run forward . the shoulder hurt ; he call to the other .... danny get her out of here ! Miriam , other , grab carla , pull carla toward the door . drake come toward Danny , try to lift the .357 for the kill . voice cha'nainu v'anainu , ki ain baw - nu mar 'ah -seem ... Danny grab drake 's gun hand , force it up in the air . the gun go off . plaster rain down on they . drake die . Danny catch he under the arm . he look at the watch : 7:32 . he relax . voice ( fervent ) ... asey imanu tz'dakah va'chese ... asey imanu tz' dakah va'chesd , v'ho - shi -- the instant before the prayer end ... it 's cut off by a sudden silence . then a flash of light ... the screen goe white ... carla' voice Danny , no ... int . staircase , yeshiva -- day where we see Danny leave the school as a 12 - year-old . now looking down , we see Danny as a adult , come up they two at a time . following danny as he race up . his old teacher , rav zingesser , appear on a landing above .... rav zingesser Danny , good to see you ... I want to take up that discussion we be have ... ( as Danny hurry past ) ... about abraham and Isaac . danny I can not right now .... but as he near the next landing , there be Zingesser wait for he again ... zingesser you remember what you say , that Isaac actually die on mt. moriah ? I have be think maybe you be right ... die yet be reborn in olam ha -bah .... Danny go past once more .... but now , looking down at Zingesser as he appear above Danny yet again . as Danny near the landing ... zingesser Danny , stop ... ( as Danny go by , call after he ) ... where be you go ?... do not you know , there 's nobody up there ? as Danny pass the camera we pan to watch he still racing upward . beyond we into the darkness .... the end