malcom X fourth draft ( 1991 ) screenplay by James baldwin , Arnold perl and spike Lee base on the Autobiography of malcolm X as tell to Alex Haley fade in : 1 ext . roxbury STREET - the war year - day it be a bright sunny day on a crowded street on the black side of Boston . people and kide be busy with they own thing . shorty bop he way down the street . he be a runty , very dark young man of 21 with a mission and a smile on he face . he wear the flamboyant style of the time : the whole zoot-suit , peg leg and a wide brim hat with a white feather stick in the hat band . 2 omit 3 omit 4 omit 5 ext . STREET - day follow shot . Shorty dodge through the crowd with he package . his smile be one of anticipation . he nod to a pal without stop ; eye a couple of chick dance on the street , but be not dissuade . 6 int . barber shop - day Shorty have he jacket and hat off , he sleeve roll up . he be like a surgeon prepare for a operation . his equipment be spread out on a table : can of lye , large mason jar , wooden stir spoon , knife , the egg . his action have the character of a ritual : each thing be do just so , in time - honore fashion . he slice the potato and drop the thin slice into the mason jar . he add water and make a paste of the starch . behind Shorty be a spirite barbershop conversation . one man be get a haircut ; two other be watch ( toomer , jason ) one of they from behind a newspaper . a middle - age barber , cholly , be do most of the talk . cholly after I hit the number that woman be not no good to I at all . the man laugh . angle - Shorty pries open the can of lye , whiff it . it 's good and strong . he pour some in the mason jar , stir with the wooden spoon . he crack the egg into the mixture and stir . he wait as fume rise and feel the outside of the jar as it get hot . another angle - the barbershop see from a door , slightly ajar . a woolly head , entirely in shadow , peer out . cholly' voice she say I be cheap cuz I will not cop she a diamond ring . have the indignation to call I a cheap black sunovabitch to boot . toomer and when a black woman call you a cheap black sunovabitch you have be call a cheap black sunovabitch . cholly be annoyed . it 's _his_ story . cholly will you let I tell it ? on shorty - he open the bulky package he have be carry , unfold a large rubber apron and get into it . now he don a pair of rubber glove . shorty where 's homeboy ? he be all ready ; one of he hand be fill with a huge glob of vaseline . his manner be indignant as if he be ask the whereabouts of a exasperate child . cholly Red 's in the head , man . toomer you mean hide in the head . cholly hey , Red . you man 's here and wait on you . his hand full , cholly open the door with he foot and malcolm come out , a big , gawky , bright - face country boy , wear downhome clothes and a expression of apprehension . toomer gonna get that first conk laid on , hunh , homeboy ? cholly man , do not scare he more than he 's scared already . ai not too bad ... malcolm allow himself to be lead to a empty chair , where cholly drape he with a double sheet , tucking it tightly around he neck and add a protective collar of paper . cholly ... like anything else . first time a chick get she cherry pop , she might put up a little fight . but pretty soon you can not give she enough . right , homeboy ? close - malcolm malcolm gulp , he eye on the fume mason jar . Shorty start massage a great quantity of vaseline into malcolm 's scalp , cover he neck and ear as well . all the man have gather around , involved in the ritual . for malcolm it be closer to be a kind of execution . cholly git he forehead and eyebrow . shorty I know what I be do . Shorty apply the vaseline to that area . now he bring over the steaming jar and place it nearby . shorty ( contd ) listen . you pull my coat if it 's still sting when I get through ' cause this shit can burn a hole through cement . cholly hold tight , baby , and keep you eye shut . malcolm nod he head , clenches he eye and grit he tooth . Shorty apply the congolene with a comb , work it into malcolm 's hair . close - malcolm malcolm I think you say it be gonna sting ... this be not nothin' . for a moment nothing happen , then the heat hit he . he yell , try to catch he breath : he head be on fire . malcolm ( contd ) you motherfucker . you be kill I . I be burn up . my damn head be on fire . he nearly leap out of the chair , but the barber restrain he . Shorty , utterly unmove by the outburst , continue work the congolene into he hair . malcolm break out of the chair wildly . but the three man drag he to a basin where Shorty have attach the shower spray . his cry fill the room , malcolm be duck under the spray . Shorty start rinsing out he hair . shorty do not fight I , man . let I git it out . malcolm be a little relieved , he tentatively open he eye , then he feel the congolene again and there be another outburst . Shorty force he head under the spray , spurt the water all over he head , wetting malcolm and the shop in the process . 7 omit 8 omit 9 int . clothing store - day shorty well , homeboy , you almost there . turn around . Shorty be supervise as malcolm try on a zoot suit . he slip into the jacket ... shoe -off , malcolm step into the tight - fltting peg-legge pants ...... don a wide - brimm hat with a bright blue feather .... finally , fully outfit , he lean forward toward he new image in the full - length mirror , twirling a long , dangle key chain . shorty well , all right , then . malcolm well , all reet , then . the transformation be complete . the two laugh and slap hand . 10 ext . roxbury STREET - day malcolm and Shorty come strutting down the street : two conk , zoot-suite sharpy . hometown boy have depart . and the chick on the street notice they , especially malcolm , the taller of the two , the lighter - skinned , the more dominant . they walk imperiously past , fully aware of they impact . close shot - malcolm freeze frame . he become a still . voice of malcolm X when my mother be pregnant with I , she tell I later , a party of klansman on horseback surround we house in omaha . 10a angle . klan on horse in front of house . voice of malcolm X ( contd ) they brandish gun and shout for my father to come out . my mother go to the door where they could see she pregnant condition ... angle . a pregnant Louise Little on porch . voice of malcolm X ( contd ) ... and tell they my father be in milwaukee , preaching . angle . the klan break all the window in the house then ride off into the glorious d.w. griffith _ birth of a nation moonlit night . close - louise little voice of malcolm X ( contd ) the hood klansman say the good , white Christians would not stand for he troublemake , and to get out of town . angle . the terrify Little child look out a break window at they mother . angle . a old frame house in omaha voice of malcolm X ( contd ) they break every window with they rifle butt before riding off into the night , they torch flame . angle . front porch of the little house - a empty rocker on it voice of malcolm X ( contd ) my father be not a frighten negro as most be then and as many still be today . he be six foot four and very black ... 10b close - earl little he look directly into the camera , wear a Baptist Minister 's robe . voice of malcolm X ( contd ) ... and have a glass eye . he believe , as do Marcus garvey , that freedom , independence and self - respect could never be achieve by the negro in America . . . 10c close - earl little he wear a garvey hat , ornate with gold braid . voice of malcolm X ( contd ) ... that , therefore , black man should leave America and return to the land of they origin . 10d angle . Earl Little , in a wagon with little malcolm . close - earl little : voice of malcolm X ( contd ) my father dedicated he life to he belief because he have see four of he six brother die violently ... 10e wider angle . we see Earl in front of a podium in church . he be preaching . voice of malcolm X ( contd ) ... three kill by white man and one lynched . there be nine child in we family . angle . the nine Little child . close - louise little she be a pretty , mature woman and white - look . voice of malcolm X ( contd ) my mother be a attractive woman , a educate woman , a strong woman . 10f close - louise and earl a pose wedding picture , serious but sweet . voice of malcolm X ( contd ) she be very light , she mama be rape by a white man . one of the reason she marry my father be because he be so black , she dislike she complexion and want she child to have some color . close shot flash bulb of camera flash . 11 omit 12 omit 13 omit 14 omit 15 int . roseland state ballroom - night close - malcolm and shorty they both be pose for a picture . the music " flying home " be blaring as lionel hampton and he band be kill . the music be wild , the dance be frantic , the clothes be out , and the crowd be predominately black , although there be a pepper of white , especially white chick . and malcolm be a little bug-ey as he nudge Shorty , watch mix couple on the floor . a boy in extreme zoot - suit flip he ; a white girl in long blond hair wig he . malcolm be a little open-mouthed . a voice showtime , showtime ! angle - the ballroom - night people start move off the floor , make room for the dancer . the music begin to get faster and more furious . close - hampton be band - night it be a fast lindy . people start clap to the beat as they form a U around the dancers , with the band at the open end . 16 int . the dance floor two couple be on the floor , dance wildly . they be quickly join by a half dozen other . this be the best dancer and constitute the main event of a Saturday night black dance . people crowd and push to get better vantage point and the competition be under way . angle on the crowd it be dominantly black , but there be some white in the audience , mostly woman . one be sophia , a spectacular blonde with a degree of refinement , something of a thrill - seeker . many of the man try to catch she eye , but for the moment Sophia be just watch , look for no one in particular , but nonetheless look . angle : - couple on the dance floor get ready to enter the fray , the girl take off she shoe and bounce out on the floor barefoot with she partner . they advent be greet with cheer and ad lib . clearly the crowd have its favorite . wider shot the music get faster and the dance take on a more frantic and more remarkable quality . follow shot - malcolm he be look for he partner , the girl he bring and now he see she . he make he way through the watch audience . close - LAURA she be a fine chick , cool and beautiful . she smile as she see malcolm approach . two -shot . Laura and malcolm stand together , delighted to be with one another , start to move to the music , as they watch the dancer . malcolm come on , baby , let 's show them how . Laura smile shyly ; she 's willing . malcolm ( contd ) you better get out of they shoe , girl . Laura laugh , go quickly to a bench and change into a pair of sneaker . 17 int . the dance floor because of the competition , Laura and malcolm begin at high speed . in a moment they be execute the most intricate step of the " flap eagle " and the " kangaroo . " malcolm start boost she over and around he hip , then boost she over he shoulder . Laura be the perfect partner . she love it . angle with the crowd so do the crowd , who love new star . there be ad lib remark : " go , man , go . " " hey , Red . " " mmmmmm ummm . " angle : - shorty a big , fat , hefty black woman take Shorty out to the dance floor , and she take the lead . as they do the lindy she be slinging Shorty around like a rag doll . this woman slide he through she leg and Shorty have have enough , he run off the dance floor , and hide . two -shot . Laura and malcolm be , in the phrase , cooking on all burner now ; and when they execute a especially intricate step , even hamp wave over . malcolm be sweat and flushed and enormously elate . he see that people be watch he , goad he on . he notice that Sophia , in particular , have not take she eye off he ; she be clap in time to he step . see new star in the make , the other dancer move to the side of the floor , mark time , yield the dance floor to they . Laura and malcolm go into a solo . angle the crowd love it . malcolm and Sophia be very aware of each other . the finale be the classic drag , with Laura hang limp around malcolm 's neck as he caper off the dance floor to the spontaneous applause of the audience . close shot - sophia ( slo - mo ) clap enthusiastically -- in open admiration . close shot - shorty wait to catch they as they come off . Shorty be whistling and shaking he hand appreciatively . he be also look out for he dance partner . shorty hey , man , gimme some skin . malcolm Shorty , this be Laura . Laura be flushed and out of breath and joyous . LAURA ' lo . I have get to freshen up . malcolm now you come back . Laura laugh as she go . she surely will be back . shorty that 's a fine chick . malcolm Fine as May wine . shorty except she live on the hill and get a grandma . malcolm make it too easy and it be not no fun . then he vision catch Sophia , who be approach he . she make a simple , direct gesture , " want to dance ? " malcolm eye Shorty and wordlessly glide into Sophia 's arm . angle - the dance floor immediately from the glance of the other man at the dance , he be the cynosure of all eye . he have new status . it 's a heady feel because she be the first white girl he have ever be with socially who be not a obvious whore . he begin to show off a little , cut a few fine step . two -shot . they be dance closer than before . Sophia begin to rock he black world . close - malcolm try to play it cool -- but he be beginning to pant . not from the dance , but from the situation : a gorgeous white chick ask for it . sophia why do not you take you little girl home , Red , and come on back ? he stop in he track . he can not believe it . sophia ( contd ) just walk . do not run . it will be here when you get back . he can only grin . 18 ext . laura' house - roxbury - night the porch of a respectable house . malcolm with Laura ; he anxious to get away . malcolm I better not come in . LAURA I be not stupid . malcolm I mean it 's late , baby . LAURA I know where you be go . malcolm I be go to bed . I gotta work tomorrow , need my rest . Laura walk to the door . malcolm ( contd ) baby , I will call you tomorrow . LAURA what for ? I be not white and I do not put out . the front door open , it 's Laura 's grandmother , mrs . johnson . malcolm ' night , Mrs. Johnson . he run down the porch step . 19 int . sophia be car - night the lone light emit from the car radio which play the inkspot ' " if I didn't care . " angle - sophia Sophia pull she tight sweater over she head to expose two full ripe white breast . malcolm 's eye be pop out of he head . note : it 's very unusual for woman not to wear a bra back in that day but you might say Sophia be way ahead of she time . sophia malcolm , look at they . have you ever see white breast like this ? close - malcolm he shake he head . sophia ( contd ) put you black hand on they . he be paralyze . sophia ( contd ) please do as I say . malcolm mumble something . he then kiss Sophia as if he black life depend on it and he commence to kill it . sophia ( contd ) hey , baby . she stop he for a moment , but he bury he head in she long neck . sophia ( contd ) be I the first white woman you have be with ? she already know the answer . he laugh . malcolm sheeet , you be not . I have aplenty . sophia ... that be not a whore ? know she 's right , Sophia become the aggressor . a beat -- both panting -- then malcolm stop abruptly . he raise he hand to he face , then to Sophia 's hand which be still caress he . sophia that 's alright . baby , take you time . Sophia 's not go anywhere . I tell you to walk , do not run . malcolm shhhh ! I do not like woman that talk . close - sophia she shrug , then move to embrace he . sophia who want to talk ? the couple start at it again . 19a int . movie theatre - day on the screen , bogart and cagney be blast away the dirty , flat - foote copper with machine gun . it 's one of that great Warner Brothers gangster B movie , maybe _ the Roaring twenties_ . angle - malcolm and shorty malcolm and Shorty sit , transfix in they seat . malcolm do not you know , you can not hump the bogart . shorty eat lead , copper . 80 ext . boston common - day a bright , sunny day , long shadow in the park . the commons be almost empty . two improbable zoot-suite black race past tree , and run over the grass . malcolm and Shorty be play cop and robber while passersby stare . shorty bang , bang . you be dead . malcolm naw , you miss I , copper . try this on for size . malcolm fire a imaginary tommy machine gun at Shorty . shorty I forget to tell you I be wear a bulletproof vest . malcolm the hell you be . shorty I be tired of always play the cop . I wanna be bogart sometimes . malcolm you be too small to be bogart . shorty I be not too short to be cagney . Shorty shoot malcolm from behind . shorty ( contd ) pow . take that . malcolm act as if he 's be hit . malcolm ahhh ! you get I , you dirty , filthy , rotten , stinking copper , only a low - down yellow rat bastard would shoot a man in the back . malcolm start to stagger , this be a long draw out Hollywood draw - out death a la cagney death in _public enemy_ . low angle - malcolm malcolm fall directly into the camera , face first , and Shorty stand over he . shorty he use to be a big shot . 21 omit 22 omit 23 omit 24 omit 25 omit 26 ext . the trolley track - night ( remembered time ) match CUT close earl little Earl Little 's face be in the same exact position as malcolm 's from the previous scene . his mouth open in terror as the move trolley come closer and closer to the black man lie on the track . 27 int . a hearing room - day a room , clinically empty ; table , chair , and mr . holway . he be put papers into he briefcase ; the hearing be conclude . louise what you mean take he own life ?! holway I be sorry , mar 'am . you hear the verdict . a man bash in the back of he head with a hammer , lay down on the track and kill himself ! we merely act on the verdict . we do not make they . he be nearly out the door . louise do you pay or do not you ? holway read the policy , mar 'am . it clearly state . 28 omit 29 int . sophia' apartment - morning malcolm lie in bed , naked under the sheet . a half - empty whiskey bottle and a ashtray full of butt be on the night table : last night 's party . sophia you like them scramble soft or hard , sweetie ? malcolm c'mere . widen to show sophia at the stove fix egg . she wear a apron and nothing else . it 's a nicely furnish middle - class apartment . sophia sweetie , they be almost ready . malcolm you hear I , girl ? she shrug , shut off the burner , smile and amble toward he . sophia you the man . malcolm you better believe it . she start to sit down on the bed next to he . malcolm ( contd ) sit over there . he point to a nearby chair . Sophia make a amiable hand - shrug and complacently go . sophia you evil this morning . malcolm what 's you story , baby ? he do not want to hear she ; he want to talk . he go right on : malcolm ( contd ) you one of they white bitch can not get enough black dick . be that what you be ? Sophia smile . she aim to please . malcolm smack the bed next to he . she get up and come over . malcolm ( contd ) take it off . she take off the apron . malcolm ( contd ) now kiss my foot . kiss them ! close - sophia as Sophia bend to do so . malcolm feed I . angle . Sophia now have the scramble egg on a plate at malcolm 's side . she spoon some into he mouth . he chew and swallow slowly , then grab she head and bring it to he . a long , brutal kiss . then he pull she head away by the hair . she look at he : anything he want . malcolm yeah , girl ; that 's you story . when you gonna holler " rape , " sister ? sophia I ? malcolm you will , baby -- if the time come . sophia lemme feed you , sweetie , while they hot . malcolm lay back on the pillow and she hold out the egg to he . malcolm sure wish you mama and papa could see you now . and that ofay you gonna marry . 30 ext . a beach - bright sunlight - day malcolm and Laura be on a desert cape beach . they be dress but have they shoe and sock off , and he have he trousers roll up . they walk , like bird , avoid get they foot wet as the wave roll in . LAURA malcolm , you can be anything you want . you get class and you be smart . malcolm all they book you read and you still do not know nuthin . LAURA I do know I love you . Laura stop he and move to he . her kiss be a tender one , exploratory . then malcolm respond , embrace she fully . her arm go around he as they both drop into the sand . close - malcolm and LAURA LAURA oh , malcolm , I love you . please , there 's no one around . now ? malcolm turn he head from she , he get up . malcolm let 's go . LAURA why ? be it because of you white gal ? folk say you be run around town with she . malcolm save it , baby . save it for Mr. right , ' cause you grandma 's smarter than ya think . she look at he . LAURA she raise I , my mother die when I be six . be you mother alive ? malcolm yeah , she 's alive . 31 omit 32 omit 33 int . drugstore - evening Laura be eat a banana split . malcolm be smoking and drink coffee . malcolm you know how dumb I be ? I use to think that " not for sale " be a brand name . Laura look over . she do not understand . 34 int . little kitchen - day Louise 's hand reach for a small sack of flour stamp " not for sale . " she bring it down on the table with a hard , control whap . miss dunne's voice I do knock . Louise do not look up . louise do you hear I say come in ? widen to show Louise with a white social worker , miss dunne complete with pad , pencil and goodwill . huddle out of sight , but nonetheless visible , be five small black child . miss dunne there 's no point in fight about it . I be sorry . May I sit down ? Louise be very aware of the child and struggle for self - possession . louise as you nice enough to ask , we will git you one . one of the child bring over a chair . miss dunne set out she papers . miss dunne it 's the same question , Mrs. Little . since the death of you husband -- louise murder . miss dunne -- there be a serious question as to whether -- louise this be my child . mine . and they be not no question . none . miss dunne I think sometimes , Mrs. Little , candor be the only kindness . pan the children' face miss dunne ( contd ) all of you child be delinquent , Mrs. Little , and one , at least , malcolm be a thief . louise get out . miss dunne ( still sit ) you control over you child , therefore -- louise do you hear I ?! miss dunne you will regret this , Mrs. Little . louise if you do not move out through that door , you be go to be past all regret . the terror-stricken child huddle together . freeze frame . it become a still . malcolm' voice we be parcel out , all five of we . I go to this reform school and live at this woman 's house . she be in charge . 34a a SMALL clean room with a cot , a chair and a bureau . mrs . swerlin ( motherly , friendly ) this be you room , malcolm . I know you will keep it clean . 34b a dine room table . five white boy around it . mrs . swerlin this be malcolm , we new guest . we will treat he like a brother . 34c a classroom . malcolm' voice I be special . the only color kid in class . I become a sort of mascot . like a pink poodle . 34d kide playing in the school yard . malcolm' voice I do not know then that I be a nigger . malcolm playing basketball . 34e malcolm speak before he CLASS . 34f malcolm do homework . 34g a horse having its teeth examined . mrs swerlin he 's bright . malcolm' voice they talk about I like 34g contd mrs swerlin ( contd ) malcolm' voice ( contd ) good grade . I be not there . like I be some Fine athlete . kind of pedigreed dog or a horse . President of he class . like I be invisible . 36 int . ostrowski's classroom - day ostrowski be talk to malcolm , it 's after school , the classroom be empty . ostrowski the important thing be to be realistic . we all like you . you know that . but you be a nigger and a lawyer be no realistic goal for a nigger ... malcolm but why , Mr. ostrowski ? I get the best grade . I be the class president . I want to be a lawyer . 36 int . the drugstore - p.m. Laura and malcolm . neither be talk . she be simply watch he as he sip he coffee and puff on a cigarette . 36a int . ostrowski's classroom - day ostrowski ... think about something you can be . you be good with you hand . people would give you work . I would myself . why do not you become a carpenter ? that 's a good profession for a nigra . be not you pa a carpenter ? malcolm be silent . ostrowski ( contd ) Jesus be a carpenter . 36b int . the drugstore - p.m. close - LAURA LAURA it 's not the end of the world , malcolm . 37 omit 38 ext . a sign - blinding sunlight - day it read " kalamazoo state hospital for the mentally insane " 39 int . a room in the hospital - day the room be totally white and Louise sit in a white smock at a window in a rock chair . close louise as she rock . louise I say it just as plain , I say , do not let they feed that boy no pig , because he get enough of the devil in he already . I tell she she be not get no reason talk to I that way cuz ' my hair blow in the wind . you want my skin . all right , I will give it to you . I will scrape it off . see how you like it . angle - Louise start to sing a negro spiritual . close - malcolm he have be stand there in deep pain all along . the SOUND of a speed train be heard . 40 ext . the yankee clipper - day the crack train of the New York , New Haven &amp ; hartford speed through the New England countryside . 41 int . galley of train - night three elderly black waiter and malcolm wear a sandwichman 's uniform be crowded around a portable radio in the galley where food be prepare . the four stand around tully , a bland - face personification of fine pullman service . they be all listen to the joe louis - billy conn heavyweight championship fight . tully nigger , shut up so we can hear . malcolm c'mon , Joe . waiter # 1 turn it up , tully . tully it be up . fool be quiet . waiter # 2 tully , move the antenna . . . . tully turn some knob . waiter # 3 this Mick be tough . tully Joe be just play possum . he 's wait for a open . the waiter be act as if they be at ringside . radio announcer a leave jab to the jaw and a right cross , score by Louis and conn be hurt , as Louis rip a right to the jaw . conn be staggering , but he will not go down . conn bop a leave hook , he 's reeling around the ring . Louis hook a leave and a right to the jaw and conn be down . the waiter be go crazy . radio announcer he 's take the count , four , five , six , seven , he 's on he back , eight , nine , he 's get up , no ! the referee say it 's over . the bout have stop . the waiter be all jump up and down when the galley door open . mr. cooper , the white man in charge of the kitchen , pop he head in . cooper what in hell 's go on ? in a moment 's notice tully and the other have resume they customary servient role . tully nothing , Mr. Cooper . cooper get a lot of hungry customer out there . tully yes sir , Mr. Cooper , soup do finish . malcolm on my way , Mr. Charlie . Cooper eye he narrowly . cooper the name be Mr. Cooper and do not you forget it . Mr. Cooper . radio announcer the winner and still champion , Joe Louis , but what a fight billy conn give . 42 omit 43 omit 44 omit 45 int . a passenger train - day as malcolm heft he sandwich basket and a large container of coffee down the aisle , hawk as he go . malcolm get you good haaaam and cheeeeese sandwich . I get coffee , I get cake and I get ice cream too . right chere . angle favoring a white customer , blade . blade hey , boy . gimme a cheese on white and coffee . malcolm 's mood be exuberant : the fight be still in he ear . he make the delivery with a flourish and a smile . malcolm yes , sir . best in the house . blade you mighty pleased with yourself , boy . malcolm yes , sir . I aim to please . blade I like you , boy . 45a insert - fantasy projection . malcolm pick up a slab of cream pie and push it in blade ' face . 45b back to the passenger car normality again : malcolm finish serve he with complete servility . he pull out a bill . blade keep the change . and take a satisfy bite out of he thin sandwich . 46 ext . the railroad track in harlem - p.m. as the clipper surface in harlem , pull up to the 125th Street station . 47 ext . 125 th STREET station - p.m. malcolm , out of uniform and dress in he zoot suit , come down from the Park Avenue station in harlem . he be hit with the sight and sound . everything delight he : the noise , the light , the woman , the pimp , the sign , the window , the crowd , the laughter , the music . 48 omit 49 omit 50 omit 51 angle - crowd a crowd of people run by malcolm yell and scream . crowd the Brown bomber , the Brown bomber , Joe Louis , the heavyweight champion of the world . Joe get the belt back . lawd have mercy . great day in the morning . 50a close - malcolm he run after they . 50b ext . 125 th and lenox avenue all traffic have stop , there be a huge spontaneous celebration go on . Black folk be everywhere , it seem as if all of harlem be out on the street . the citizen of harlem be hugging , kissing , drink , dance , folk be hang from street lamp , yell out they window , hold up hand - make joe louis banner , everyone have great reason to be joyous . the heavyweight champion of the world be a black man -- joe louis , the brown bomber , he have regain he championship . close : - malcolm malcolm quickly look at he watch , he 's run late for he train , as he fight he way through the crowd like a salmon go upstream , the camera crane up to see he eventually get lose in a sea of black humanity " cut loose . " fade out . 51 - omit 56 - omit fade in : 57 ext . seventh avenue - night malcolm , newly conk and sharp as a tack ( zoot suit , trouser crease like a knife 's edge , orange knob - to shoe ) walk toward he goal : small 's paradise . the street be crowded with people , kide and hustler . young hooker slow down , daddy , what 's you hurry ? lemme show you somepin brand new . malcolm smile " no thanks " keep move . hustler hey , man , hundred - dollar ring -- diamond ; and a ninety dollar watch . take the both of they for a quarter ; twenty - five buck . malcolm wave ; he 's not have any . go on . 58 ext . small paradise - night before enter , malcolm sharp himself a bit , pick off some lint , cock he hat . and enter . 59 int . small paradise - night the restaurant be crowded , both at the bar and at the table beyond . the immediate impression be of subdued well - be , of decorum , of easy affluence . this be the world malcolm want into . he dig it , drink in its detail . angle - bar a big man , fox , accidentally bump into malcolm almost knock over . malcolm the word be excuse I . fox look , country boy , you should not have be in my way . everyone become quiet in the bar . fox ( contd ) so what be you gonna do ? go run home to you mama . malcolm grab a bottle off the bar counter and with lightning speed bring it crash down on Fox 's head . as he lay on the floor with head bleed , malcolm kick he in the stomach _two times_ . it 's do , the fight be over and people pull he off of Fox . malcolm do not ever again in life step on my florsheim again , and never talk - bout my mother . angle with malcolm and the bartender malcolm gimme a whiskey . bartender pour he a double . malcolm I order a single , Jack . bartender the double 's on that gentleman . Jack ! he point . archie at the table - from malcolm' Pov the elderly man nod . he be big , he be very black . the same color as malcolm 's father . close - malcolm he raise he glass , toast archie and downs it . then lean into the bar , ask : malcolm who be he , man ? bartender that 's West indian archie . malcolm whut 's he do ? the bartender would not normally answer this , but malcolm be the man of the moment , so the bartender speak : bartender this and that . malcolm nod , then look over again at archie -- in appreciation . archie wiggle a finger for he to come over . 59a at archie' table malcolm be stand . archie sit down . we be not fix to eat you . you look brand new in town . pretty handy with a bottle . malcolm he have it come . malcolm sit . there be no introduction . he just nod at sammy and cadillac . archie what they call you ? malcolm Red , and I be not no punk . archie you better not be . Cause if a cat toe you down in this town , you better stand up or make track . sammy man live by he rep . archie that 's a fact . what you do , boy ? malcolm I be work train . selling . archie Bet you like that shit . malcolm keeps I out of the army . archie when they want you ass , will not nothing keep you out . malcolm not this boy ... I be not fight they war . I get my own . right chere . Heard tell you be a good man to know . archie Heard where ? malcolm where I come from . Boston . sammy and cadillac be watch a little skeptically . archie be flatter . archie sombitch and I be not never be to beantown . malcolm man 's rep travel . archie how ' bout that ? then see sammy and cadillac 's dubious visage , archie add : archie ( contd ) you be not bullshit I , be you , boy ? malcolm my papa teach I one thing : do not never bullshit a West indian bullshit artist . archie laugh . even sammy smile . cadillac still hold he judgment . archie be you papa West indian ? malcolm no , my mama . she 's from Grenada . archie I like you , country . sammy only where would you get they goddam vine . cadillac and they shoe . oh , my . archie yeah , get to do something about you . sammy you put a hurtin ' on my vision . sammy cover he eye . malcolm play off the insult . malcolm where can I get a hold of you ? archie you can not . I will get a hold of you . malcolm lemme write it down for you . malcolm reach for a pencil . archie do not never write nothing down . file it up here , like I do . ( touch he head ) ' Cause if they can not find no paper they be not get no proof . ya dig ? malcolm yes , sir . archie look at he sharply . archie Boy , look I in the face . malcolm do so . archie ( contd ) do you just now con I ? malcolm yes , sir . archie why ? malcolm ' Cause I want in . and it do not take a lot to know you there , daddy . archie and sammy laugh at he directness . cadillac smile . archie push back he chair , about to get up . archie I get I a little run to make . malcolm have suddenly be exclude and he want desperately back in . malcolm can I run with you , Mr. archie ? archie eye he , weigh he seriously . archie I like you heart and I like you style . you might just do , Little . lessen you get to git back to that train job . malcolm I do tell the man what he could do with he train . archie when ? malcolm just now . the three establish hustler smile at the newcomer in they midst . archie come on , baby . we go shopping ... 60 omit 61 omit 62 omit 63 int . archie' room - night malcolm be look at himself in a mirror in archie 's room . he have on the full outfit now , together with a new white on white shirt and a sulka tie . look great . archie just the middle button , baby . just the middle one . malcolm button the jacket and turn around , demonstrate for archie 's inspection . archie ( contd ) you look good , Little . Real clean . clean as the board of Health . but you miss something . malcolm what ? archie frisk I , baby . give I a real pat down . malcolm do not understand , but he sense something -- and become excited . archie have walk over to he . archie ( contd ) go ahead . do I . malcolm frisk he carefully : pat he side , he pocket , under he arm , he leg . archie be clean to the touch . archie ( contd ) ( triumphantly ) and I be still carry . he smack the small of he back . then , reach under he coat , he take a revolver out from the middle of he back . and hand it to malcolm . close - malcolm holding the deadly instrument , fascinate by it , hefting it , feel its power . archie it 's yours , baby . put it on . malcolm slip it carefully into the small of he back , behind he trouser belt . his first gun : the feel shine in he eye , bogart have become a black man . archie ( contd ) how 's it feel ? malcolm solid , daddy . archie okay , baby . now you outfit . you ready to tackle the street ? malcolm let them come . I be ready . 64 int / ext . various location - series of close shot a five dollar bill . camera goe in for the last three digit . 64a stock market board at the end of a day 's trading . go in for the last three number . 64b preacher in a pulpit , read from the Bible . preacher let we turn to the Gospel accord to St. John . chapter 3 , verse 83 . a voice 3 , 8 , 3. malcolm scribbles the number onto a piece of paper . 64c a cash register ringing up a amount : $ 2.98 . a voice 2 , 9 , 8. malcolm 's hand write out the number . 64d close - train terminal sign it read " New York to Chicago . " pan down to show " train arrive 1:05 . " voice 1 , 0 , 5 . archie with malcolm as the latter write down " 1 , 0 , 5 . " archie I tell you less paper , less trouble . malcolm I be work on it . archie I keep all my number in my head . I have never write any down . he tap he head . 64e close - face of a elderly woman elderly woman I see it in my dream . 5 , 5 , 5 . and last week my sister have a dream and she hit . 64f close - face of a elderly barber barber I get it from ching Chow . it get to be 2 , 5 , 1 . 65 omit 66 omit 67 omit 68 omit 68a int . movie theatre - night close - malcolm we be tight on malcolm 's intense face , he be pull on a fat joint . we hear bogart blast he way out of a police blockade . a phone ring . 69 omit 70 omit 71 int . archie' room - night there be music play . wordlessly , archie sprinkle a few grain of fine crystal onto a round shave mirror . he slide it across a table to malcolm and hand he a short straw . Sophia sit next to malcolm ; she and archie be already high . malcolm lean over the mirror , place the straw in he nostril . tight close shot - malcolm' face in the mirror ( something satanic about he ) -- as he sniff the cocaine well into he nose . a beat as he lean back wait for the drug to take hold , malcolm look into dress mirror . archie it hit ? malcolm nnnnnnn ! malcolm with gun in hand do he bogart gangster imitation . archie ai not nuthin ' in the world to give you that real deep cool . like girl . you there ? malcolm I be there , daddy . wheww . I be cool enough to kill . archie Bet you be . close - malcolm freeze frame sophia' voice malcolm , you be so funny . she continue to laugh . back to real time . malcolm you get any money . before Sophia can answer he grab she pocketbook , dump all the content on the floor but the dough . sophia baby , I be gonna give it to you . malcolm well , bitch you move too slow . archie sometimes you get a big ugly mouth . malcolm yeah , and I be put my money where my ugly mouth be . I be put you back in the number right now . ( to Sophia ) baby , what 's today ? Sophia be not sure of this , or anything else . sophia August 2nd . I think . yeah . she laugh at she achievement . malcolm daddy , put I down for a combination . combinate I , daddy : 8 , 2 , 1 . you get I ? 8 , 1 , 2 ; 1 , 8 , 2 ... with each number he throw a bill at archie . malcolm ( contd ) 1 , 2 , 8 ; 2 , 8 , 1 . I git them all ? archie ( angrily take the money ) I will take you goddam bet . malcolm slide he tongue down Sophia 's throat . 72 omit 73 omit 74 omit 75 ext . small paradise - night a miserable night , raining and cold . malcolm turn into the bar . 76 int . the bar - night shake off the rain as malcolm walk through . he be now a familiar figure to the bar 's denizen . he be meet with ad lib cry : " hey , Little , " " have a taste , " from the man ; and from the woman : " come here , sugar , " " where you be ? " malcolm acknowledge the greeting , stroll down in the bar . it 's immediately clear that a subtle change have come over he . he be no longer the neophyte but a well - groom , smooth , fully polished hustler . angle - booth malcolm sit into the booth and motion for the waitress . angle - honey a fine copper tan waitress come to he . honey I think you say we be go to the movie last night . malcolm I say a lot of thing . honey and like a fool I believe it . malcolm do you job , get I a bourbon on the rock and a pack of lucky 's . honey stare at he . malcolm ( contd ) I say now . she leave . he lean he head back against the booth -- a female voice Daniel come in yet , honey ? malcolm turn he head sharply at the sound of the voice . it 's familiar , a sound from the seemingly distant past . he look toward the bar and see the woman who ask the question . LAURA - malcolm' Pov it 's Laura , but not the Laura we last see . she be still young , still vulnerable , but she be bolder , more self - assure , more vividly dress . she be unaware of malcolm . honey ai not that he now ? angle favoring daniel . he be a young , cocky , nervous , gingerbread color boy who come over to she quickly . he go to the corner of the bar and quickly grab Laura 's neck and kiss she hungrily . daniel hey , gorgeous , how you be ? wait long ? lemme see you . wow ! it 's obvious he 's a junkie . and in need of a fix . quick ! shot - malcolm honey place he drink and cigarettes before he . he 's watch , take it all in immediately . Laura be clearly crazy about Daniel . close - malcolm he look , then belt down he drink . closer - LAURA and daniel Daniel motion to she pocketbook and she take out a five- dollar bill . he grab it , and bolt for the door . with malcolm and honey she have be watch malcolm . honey you know that gal ? malcolm mind you own goddamn business ... she come in a lot ? honey ' Bout every other night , Red . malcolm with he ? honey nod . malcolm ( contd ) she know ? honey if she get eye , she do . angle - LAURA walk toward the door , look for Daniel . she leave the bar . close - malcolm and honey malcolm be she hook ? honey not yet . but the way thing go , that boy gonna turn she out any day . malcolm smack the table in frustration . honey ( contd ) you stick on she ? close - glass malcolm 's glass on the table be tremble . malcolm shut up , bitch . he raise he arm to hit she and it be hold back before it can find its mark . archie do not do that . archie be stand above he . malcolm nod , and archie let he arm go ; stand next to he be Sophia . archie ( contd ) honey , he do not mean it . archie wiggle he finger and honey go , but not before throw dagger at malcolm and Sophia . archie sit down , take out a cigar . for a good beat there be a coolness between they . then malcolm reach over and light archie 's cigar . Sophia stare at she man , he then motion for she to sit down beside he . archie ( contd ) thanks . you get it . who 's beat on you , Red ? you look a little up tight . the father - son thing be back , but malcolm will never again be the student . malcolm daddy , where 's my money ? archie what you talk ? malcolm you owe I six big one . archie look at he , non-comprehend . malcolm 1 , 2 , 8 hit , do not it ? archie you di not have no 1 , 2 , 8 . malcolm be you that high ? Old man , I throw the slat at you . I say to combinate I . archie you never have it . malcolm the bitch be there . archie do not even look at Sophia . archie shit , what else she gonna say ? malcolm then skip it , man . but you slip , baby . you do slip . archie be control himself . everyone in small 's be all ear , a fall out between malcolm and archie -- they rep be at stake . angle . archie look at sammy . sammy be neutral . archie dig in he pocket , come up with a roll . he peel off six $ 100 bill and throw they on the table in front of himself , as he get up . malcolm oh , sit down , man . what you taste ? I be buy . archie I be not drink hot piss with you . come on , Sam . sammy be right there . archie go . sammy ( contd ) twenty - two year he do not never forget no number . malcolm get to be a first time , daddy - o. sammy he gonna , check the collector he turn into . his rep be on the line , boy , and so 's yours . if you lie , one of you be dead . malcolm ai not gonna be this mother . sammy go . malcolm ( contd ) come on , sweetlip , I get we some g-i-r-l , girl . let 's you and I fly . 77 omit 78 omit 78a omit 79 omit 80 omit 81 omit 82 omit 83 omit 84 omit 85 ext . onyx club - night the well - know 52nd Street nightspot feature billie holiday . a stand - up cutout of she be outside . 86 int . onyx club - night this be a plush nightclub , with a mix black and white audience . some of the hustler from small 's be in evidence . close - billie Lady Day start into " you don't know what love be . " angle - table malcolm and Sophia high as a kite and on the town . close - archie he make he way toward malcolm 's table . there be murder in he eye . angle - table archie you be a damn liar . close - archie archie ( contd ) you _took I , you bastard , and now I be take you . angle - table malcolm it 's I or you , be not it , pop ? archie you know it . malcolm I will give you back the 600 . archie I do not want you money . malcolm I be wear , archie . archie there 's two gun on you . his eye gesture . malcolm look : malcolm' p0v sammy at the nearby bar : he hand in he coat pocket . close - archie his hand be also in he pocket . malcolm and every cat 's watch , be not they ? it 's a toe-down . archie that 's what it be . walk on out . malcolm let billie finish . archie now . archie back away from the table , he gun on malcolm . angle . as sammy move a step toward malcolm , malcolm rise in he seat . sophia you have the number . malcolm baby , I get to let this old man win . keep the faith , and tell billie I will see she later . close - billie she know what 's go on . angle - sammy and archie be walk behind malcolm , when he push a waitress into they path with drink fly everywhere , malcolm dart away . 87 int . entrance to the toilet he race into the men' room . angle . archie and sammy run after he . 88 int . men' room - night there be a open window . archie be lean out , look both way . 89 ext . outside the men' room window - night from archie' Pov a tiny alleyway . no one be visible . archie the dirty yellow rat bastard . 90 int . menos room - night sammy do not push it . you way ahead . you back on top . that boy love you , man . archie what you say ? sammy he give it to you , archie . he do . 91 ext . the STREET - night malcolm come run out of a alleyway and onto the street . he stop to catch he breath , to regain he composure . he be shook up , frustrated , but mostly sadden . he then run down the block and into a closeup . 91a int . little house - lansing michigan - night ( remembered time ) - final flashback close - earl Earl be sit up in bed , he wake he sleep wife Louise , next to she be a baby in a crib , another child . malcolm sleep between Earl and she . 91 aa angle - house outside the house be 5 member of the black legion . they be dress in the style of the kkk , but in black sheet rather than white . we see gasoline can be pass around . earl somebody out there . wake the child . Earl start to put on he overall and reach for he gun which sit on a nearby chair when a explosion of flame greet the house . earl ( contd ) everybody out . out ! out ! get the kid . angle - children' bedroom flame roar through the room and the Little kid be hysterical . Louise rush in and push they past the fire , she have infant in hand cover in a blanket . close - earl 91c ext . house - night the entire house be in flame . the Little family stand in front of it , just out of harm 's way . angle - black legion they sit on they horse watch the result of they work . close - black legion leader black legion leader Boy , good thing we be good Christians . nigger , it 's time for you to leave this town . close - earl earl this here be ' pose to be a free country . close - black legion leader black legion leader rev , we warn you ' bout that garvey preaching , stir up the good nigras here . Boy , next time you be a dead nigger . close - earl earl I be not a boy . I be a man , and a real man do not hide behind no bedsheet . Earl take he pistol out from behind he back and fire above they head . earl ( contd ) take this here bullet for dem sheet . angle - black legion the bullet send the Black legion fly into the glorious d.w. griffith moonlit night . angle - house the burn house collapse behind the Little family . angle - earl and louise louise Earl , I know you a better shot than that . you shoulda kill them all , shot them dead . earl just want to scare them , they will not be bother we no more . close - young malcolm Young malcolm stare at he father while the house still burn behind he , no doubt draw on the great courage display by he father . earl they will not be here no time soon . I be a man ! 91 ext . STREET - lansing - night ( remembered time ) it 's raining cat and dog and it 's foggy . we hear a big thud , then a grunt and Earl Little fall across the trolley track , the sound of man run away be hear in the distance . angle - a streetcar approach angle - earl on track he have be beat to a bloody pulp . angle - closer shot of streetcar approaching close - earl he open he one good eye . close - streetcar motorman he see something ahead in the fog and rain . angle - motorman' Pov close - hand reach brake lever close - streetcar wheel stopping , SPARKS fly close - motorman wince and then make the sign of the Cross . angle - long shot of passengers jumping out of the streetcar to attend to Earl . passenger's voice somebody get a doctor . motorman' voice no doctor , get he a priest . voice of malcolm X my father 's skull , on one side be crush in , and then laid across some track , for a streetcar to run he over . his body be cut almost in half . my father , Earl Little live two and a half hour in that condition . negroes be stronger than they be now . 92 int . a car - night Shorty be drive with Sophia in the front seat . malcolm be in the back . they be in the country -- outside New York . shorty man , I be glad we get you out of there . with West indian archie on you ass , you name on the wire -- Boston the best goddam place in the world for you -- thing be too hot and it 's not even summer . malcolm have withdraw within himself . he take out a packet of cocaine and sniff it . sophia we will take it easy . I get a place fix up on Harvard Square . how 's that sound ? shorty yeah . cool it and lay dead for a while , homeboy . and do not worry none . the drug take hold . malcolm be out of it . shorty ( contd ) I will stake you , baby . I get my band . I be blow great sax . Hell , you be not even hear we -- he and Sophia keep talk it up , try to bolster malcolm . close - malcolm stone , he nose run , malcolm stare out of the window at the recede landscape . freeze frame . voice of malcolm X like every hustler I be trap . cat that hang together try to find a little security , to find a answer -- find nothing . cat that might have probe space or cure cancer -- ( Hell , archie might have be a mathematical genius ) -- all victim of whitey 's social order . Music of a dance combo hear in bg . voice of malcolm X ( contd ) Three thing I be always scared of : a job , a bust and jail . I realize then I be not afraid of anything . I do not care . 93 omit 94 int . harvard square apartment - day Shorty , Sophia and peg face malcolm -- stone in a chair . peg be 17 , Sophia 's kid sister and Shorty 's date . shorty you get to eat something ' , Red . sophia you want egg , baby ? malcolm yeah and get a slave , too , huh , baby ? shorty I be not do bad . malcolm man , the name musician be not get shit . how you gonna have something ? I need a stake , a bundle , a grand . my woman can not afford it ; my homey be not get it . how about you baby ? what you get ? peg smile , afraid of malcolm . shorty Jesus , Red , she 's just a kid . malcolm Jesus be not get nothin ' to do with this . Shorty eye he with amazement . the degree of malcolm 's depravity surprise even he . malcolm surprise you , baby ? well , that 's the way it be . what kind of scratch you get on you ? turn out . let I have it . all of you -- glance exchange among Shorty , Sophia and peg . Shorty reach into he pocket . 95 int . harvard square apartment - night malcolm with Sophia , Shorty and peg around he . malcolm we go rob this town blind . anybody want out say so . nobody answer ; they will go with malcolm . malcolm ( contd ) okay . I get the stake and I get a fence . I need a driver . peg how about rudy ? malcolm who 's rudy ? shorty yeah , rudy . jump CUT : 95a same location - later rudy be with they . he be a good-look , very - light skinned black , tough as they come . rudy I be half wop , half nigger and be not afraid of no one . malcolm what can you do ? they be in the process of appraise each other , see which one have the bigger penis . rudy you name it , feller . shorty rudy do catering . Rich joint on beacon Hill . malcolm that be not bad . shorty tell he about baldy . rudy yeah . this rich ofay , like he 's 60 . I give he a bath on Friday . peg and Sophia be listen , a little horrify . rudy ( contd ) then I put he to bed and pour talcum powder on he like a baby . he get he jolly off . malcolm so what about he ? rudy so ? the man get silver , china , rug -- malcolm might be all right . rudy might be , shit . man , I know this town . I get my own fence . who the hell be you ? who put you in charge ? malcolm smile easily . malcolm you want to be the head man ? rudy that 's right . malcolm head nigger in charge ? rudy I be the man . malcolm okay , baby . let 's flip for it . flip this . he take out he gun , a .38 revolver . he dump the shell on the table , then reinsert one shell and twirl the barrel . malcolm ( contd ) I will flip first . he put the revolver to he own head . peg do not . malcolm squeeze the trigger . it click . now he twirl the barrel again and hand the gun to rudy . malcolm you flip , baby . rudy be stare at he ; so be they all . malcolm put the gun to he temple again . sophia Red , for God 's sake -- he pull the trigger a second time . click . now he twirl it again . shorty Christ , Red , no -- peg I can not stand it . malcolm put the gun to rudy 's head . malcolm you turn , rudy . you want I to flip for you ? rudy Jesus Christ , no . okay , okay . you get it , you get it ! you be the boss . a beat . malcolm do not never try to cross someone who be not afraid to die . shorty you the man ! nodding accord from rudy and Shorty . Sophia can hardly stand . malcolm all right . we will start with Old talcum powder . you draw the house , where everything be . you and peg go out and buy they tool like I tell you . we hit tonight on account of in the daytime some of we get that high visibility . ya dig ? rudy be at a table draw a diagram ; the girl have leave . Shorty and malcolm alone at a window . shorty what do you do , homey , palm it ? malcolm yeah . he break open the gun -- the bullet be in the next slot to be fire . malcolm ( contd ) palm it right in the goddam chamber . shorty Jesus Christ , homey , you be nut . malcolm start laugh : a silent , hysterical laugh . 96 ext / int . a beacon hill house - night the robbery , in quick cut : -- a door lock be pick by Sophia . 96a -- pencil flashlight pass a upstairs window . 96b -- rudy in the car . 96c -- Silver remove from a drawer by Shorty . 96d -- peg walk down the street , as lookout . 96e -- malcolm take off he shoe . 96f -- the sleep old man , old talcum powder , as malcolm take a watch , a wallet from within inch of he pillow . then , more boldly , pick up the man 's hand and remove a ring from one of he finger . Shorty watch with bate breath , he 's about to have a heart attack . 97 int . mansion - day a Boston matron , mrs . crawford , be show the girl she collection of U.S. silver . in a fine New England home . peg beacon Hill survey . sophia we be do a survey for the athenaeum Society -- we wonder if you would permit we to include you collection in the catalog of great New England antique - -? mrs . crawford now this be my prize . my Paul revere silver coffee service . shot -- a arrangement of museum - quality piece peg Lovely , just lovely . Sophia be case the room carefully as the matron continue . mrs.crawford and my husband 's collection of scrimshaw should be include . sophia May we see it ? mrs . crawford wo not you step this way ? 97a omit 98 omit 98a omit 101 int . a courtroom - day the prisoner face the bench : peg , Sophia , Shorty , rudy and malcolm . voice of malcolm X the average first offender get two year for burglary . we be all first offender . that 's what Sophia and peg draw -- judge two year in the woman 's reformatory at framingham . voice of malcolm X but we crime be not burglary . it be balling white girl . they give we the book . judge burglary , count one -- 8 to 10 year ; count two , 8 to 10 year ; count three , 8 to 10 year ... he continue give they 8 to 10 year , behind malcolm 's comment : voice of malcolm X fourteen count of 8 to 10 year . judge the sentence to run concurrently . voice of malcolm X Shorty think he hit we with 114 year till I explain what concurrently mean . it mean a minimum sentence of 10 year hard labor at the charlestown State prison . the date be February 1946 . I be not quite 21 . I have not yet begin to shave . camera have gone in for a tight close shot of malcolm 's face : a harden hustler , pimp , dope peddler and now jailbird at the ripe old age of 20 . freeze frame . CUT to black . fade in : 102 int . the cell corridor - day it be the afternoon lockup : about 3:30 p.m. the line of prisoner stand in front of they cell , as two guard , wilkin and barne , one white , one black , slowly walk past the p.m. check . the procedure be routine , do without emotion , as it be do three time a day : the black guard call out the prisoner 's name , the prisoner answer with he number , then step into he cell . whereupon the white guard slam the door shut and lock it . guard wilkin Jackson . prisoner a 231549 . door be slam and gate lock . close - malcolm each time a gate be lock he tension increase . his face be a mask hide he fury , violence and the hunger of a advanced junkie who have not have a fix in over a week . guard wilkin crichlow . second prisoner a 5991301 . same procedure . angle . shoot past malcolm , favoring two other prisoner . the guard be approach malcolm 's cell . past malcolm be two experience prisoner who have be watch malcolm during the scene . they whisper surreptitiously without move they body , and barely move they lip . one of the prisoner be pete , a huge barrel of a man , a lifer -- beat by the system and a lifetime of incarceration . the other be bembry , a man of no great physicality , but who possess immediately the gift of leadership . it be clear that Pete and other look up to he with great respect . pete looka Satan . bembry I see he . bembry 's language be very unhip . he speak carefully . he respects word and he respects himself , something which set he apart from all the other prisoner . pete he bout to bust . bembry no , he 's not gonna bust . but he 's not gonna fix he face to please they , neither . angle . the check - in have reach the man next to malcolm . guard wilkin harrington . third prisoner B 775717 . guard barne yeah . lucky Seven . door slam and lock . close shot - malcolm the guard be now in front of he . guard wilkin Little . malcolm do not move . guard barne State you number . malcolm do not answer , do not blink . guard wilkin Little . angle . bembry in the fg of the scene . bembry he 's a new fish , Mr. barne . give he a break . it 's a bold step by bembry and the prisoner look over at he with admiration . barne accept the irregularity and call over to bembry . guard barne 0kay , I will give he a break . now state you number , Little . close - malcolm malcolm I forget it . close shot - bembry shake he head in anguish . he know what 's come . angle . barne make a small gesture and Wilkins seize malcolm , grab he head and uniform at the same time . stencile on the chest of he fade dungaree be malcolm 's number . the guard bend malcolm 's head to the number , shove the material in malcolm 's face . guard wilkin can you read , boy ? thass you number . guard barne now say it . malcolm I be malcolm Little , not no goddam number . guard wilkin oh , yes you be , baby ; thass all you be . and slam malcolm hard . he slump to the floor . guard barne two day in the hole . take he . Wilkins drag malcolm off as barne resume the roll call . guard barne ( contd ) burnham . FOURTH prisoner a 551613 , sir . jump CUT : 103 int . a solitary cell - day only the faintest light come into the hideous room , which consist of a mattress and a slop bucket . if malcolm be to stretch out he arm , he could touch both wall . he lie half on the stone floor , half on the mattress . a clang as the heavy door be open . guard cone time 's up . get on you foot . malcolm stand . guard cone ( contd ) Little , state you number . a beat as malcolm stare at the man , refuse to answer . guard cone ( contd ) you just draw two more day . and slam the door shut . 104 int . solitary - night it be almost pitch black . we can almost smell the stench of the room . malcolm sit stony - face , he back against a wall . trustee's voice Water . the long spigot of a water can be push through a open in the cell door . malcolm , animal - like , leap at it and bend the spout , wrenching it off in he fury . 105 omit 106 int . solitary cell - day two - shot - a white chaplain and malcolm chaplain gill do you know what a friend you have in Jesus , son ? malcolm preacher , take you tin Jesus and the virgin Mary , both , and shove them . door slam . 107 int . solitary - night malcolm be alone at the bar : the hope of freedom fill he mind . malcolm pull at the bar , try to shake they in impotent fury . he pound the wall . empty , sick , defeat , he nail scratch the wall , he slide to the floor of the cell . it be the low point of he life : nowhere to turn , nothing to hope for . 108 int . solitary - later Guard Cone be shaking he into consciousness . guard cone all right , Little . get up . malcolm just about make it . the guard be in half - focus . guard cone ( contd ) State you number . he be beat . malcolm a 859912 . a shower be hear . 109 int . shower room - day malcolm stand with bow head as the hot water cascade over he break body . he let it run and run , but it cannot really touch he problem . on a nearby bench be he clothes , he towel and the making for a conk : lye , vaseline , comb , etc . he turn for a moment as he see he be be watch by someone . it 's bembry stand nearby . malcolm turn away , try to find solace in the water . he want no part of the world or anyone , just to be leave alone . bembry I know how you feel . like you want to lay down and die . malcolm show no flicker of interest or understanding . bembry ( contd ) I bring you something . he put down a small matchbox on the bench next to malcolm 's thing . malcolm eye he like a snake -- but the punishment have reduce he to deep insecurity and he belligerence be more cautious than angry . malcolm who the hell be you ? bembry put it in a cup of water . it 's nutmeg . malcolm man , what do you want ? bembry you need something . it 's not a reefer , but it will help some . malcolm man , get outa my face . I be not nobody 's punk . but he step out of the shower , fill a tin cup with water and empty the content of the matchbox into it . and drink it down quickly . bembry sit down or it might knock you down . malcolm sit , toweling himself as the spice hit he . for the first , he smile ; this be the first relief he have taste in prison . he at bembry wonderingly , unable to figure he out . malcolm if you be not try to punk I , what 's you hype ? bembry I can show you how to get out of prison . and it 's no hype . malcolm talk , daddy , I be listen . hey that be not bad . you get some more ? bembry that 's the last stuff you will ever get from I . malcolm what do you give it to I for then ? bembry ' Cause you need it . ' Cause you could not hear I without it . this be a new breed of cat ; malcolm have never meet anyone like he . he eye he closely , as he slip into he clothes . malcolm what in the hell be you talk about ? he begin to conk he hair , but be pay attention to what bembry be say . bembry I think you get more sense than any cat in this prison . how come you be such a fool ? malcolm look over , pique . bembry ( contd ) nobody can bust out like bogart do it , in the movie . because even if you get out , you be still in prison . malcolm be put the conk into he hair now . malcolm you be not lie . bembry when you go busting you fist against a stone wall , you be not use you brain . Cause that 's what the white man want you to do . look at you . this last word be speak sharply with disgust . malcolm turn he hand massage the conk into he hair . bembry ( contd ) put all that poison in you hair . malcolm man , you be lock up too long , everybody conk . all the cat . bembry why ? why do everybody conk ? malcolm Cause I do not want to walk around with my head all nappy , look like -- bembry like what ? look like I ? like a nigger ?! why do not you want to look like what you be ? what make you ashamed of be black ? malcolm I be not say I be ashamed . he turn the water on to wash out the conk -- which have begin to burn . bembry restrain he , hold he arm . malcolm leggo . I get to wash it out . bembry let it burn . maybe you will hear I then . but it be burn now . malcolm man , you better get off I . he wrench away from bembry and put he head in the water . bembry sure , burn yourself , pain yourself , put all that poison into you hair , into you body -- try to be white . malcolm man , I do not want to hear all that . bembry I think you be smart . but you just another one of they cat strutting down the avenue in you clown suit with all that mess on you . like a monkey . and the white man see you and he laugh . he laugh because he know you be not white . malcolm be drying he hair , finish he conk . but some of what bembry have say disturb he . malcolm who be you ? malcolm be completely humiliate . bembry see this and stop the barrage . bembry the question be , who be you ? you be in the darkness , but it 's not you fault . elijah Muhammad can bring you into the light . malcolm elijah who ? bembry elijah Muhammad can get you out of prison . out of the prison of you mind . maybe all you want be another fix . I think you be smart . and he be go . malcolm stand look after he , a long thoughtful moment . he be pull the comb through he hair . 110 int . prison license shop - day prisoner be work on a beltline that stamp out and finish license plate . bembry be on the stamp machine , work as he talk to the other prisoner . malcolm be painting the plate , a little remove from bembry , but listen with interest . barne , with rifle , idle by a window . a whistle sound , end the work shift . the inmate quickly file out into the yard . bembry stay . malcolm be half decide . guard barne you take the yard ? bembry I be stay . barne gesture to malcolm . malcolm I too . he go . bembry what you sniff around for ? I tell you I give you you last fix . malcolm I be not never see a cat like you . ai not you scared talk like that in front of a ofay ? bembry what 's he gonna do to I he be not already do ? malcolm you the only cat do not come on with that " whatcha know , daddy " jive ; and you do not cuss none . bembry I respect myself . a man cuss because he have not get the word to say what 's on he mind . malcolm tell you this : you be not no fool . bembry do not con I . do not try ... malcolm okay , okay . bembry do not con I . malcolm what do you do with you time ? bembry I read . I study . because the first thing a black man have to do be respect himself . respect he body and he mind . quit take the white man 's poison into you body : he cigarettes , he dope , he liquor , he white woman , he pork . malcolm that 's what mama use to say . bembry you mama have sense because the pig be a filthy beast : part rat , part cat , and the rest be dog . malcolm have be ponder all this and now grow animated as he think he have come to the essence of a hustle . malcolm come on , daddy , pull my coat . what happen if you give all that up ? you get sick or something ' ? I pull a hustle once and get out of the draft . bembry I be tell you God 's word , not no hustle . I be talk the word of elijah , the black man 's God . I be tell you , boy , that God be black . malcolm what ? everybody know God be White . bembry ( contd ) but everything the white man teach you , you learn . he tell you you be a black heathen and you believe he . he tell you how he take you out of darkness and bring you to the light . and you believe he . he teach you to worship a blond , blue -ey God with white skin -- and you believe he . he tell you black be a curse , you believe he . do you ever look up the word black in the dictionary ? malcolm what for ? bembry do you ever study anything be not part of some con ? malcolm what the hell for , man ? bembry go on , fool ; the marble shooter be wait for you . malcolm okay , okay . show I , man . 110a close shot - a dictionary we can read the fine print of the definition : dictionary Black , ( blak ) , adj . destitute of light , devoid of color , envelop in darkness . hence , utterly dismal or gloomy , as " the future look black . " malcolm' voice you understand they word ? bembry' voice read it . pullback to show bembry and malcolm in a small prison library . no one else be in the book -line room . malcolm I can not make out that shit . bembry soil with dirt , foul ; sullen , hostile , forbid -- as a black day . foully or outrageously wick , as black cruelty . indicating disgrace , dishonor or culpability . dictionary see also blackmail , blackball , blackguard . malcolm hey , they 's some shit , all right . bembry now look up " white . " bembry turn the page of the dictionary to " with . " bembry ( contd ) read it . close shot - dictionary definition of " white " malcolm' voice White ( whit ) , adj . of the color of pure snow ; reflect all the ray of the spectrum . the opposite of black , hence free from spot or blemish ; innocent , pure , without evil intent , harmless . honest , square - deal , honorable . malcolm stumble through the definition as well as he can . bembry take over the read , give it ironic emphasis . malcolm that 's bullshit . that 's a white man 's book . ai not all this white man 's book ? shot - the shelve of book bembry they sure be not no black man 's book in here . malcolm then what you tell I to study in they for ? bembry you get to learn everything the white man say and use it against he . the truth be lay there if you smart and read behind they word . it 's bury there . you get to dig it out . malcolm man , how be I gonna know the one worth look at ? bembry smile at malcolm . he be a remarkable man who always take careful measure of he listener . he never talk down to he audience ; he talk to they . ( a manner malcolm later will adopt . ) bembry can talk funky or salty or , as we will see , in the cadence and eloquence of the Bible . right now he go into street talk . bembry I will pull you coat , daddy . Cause lot of this can not nobody read , be he black or white or a Ph.D. with they suspender drag the ground with degree . malcolm laugh . he like and admire the man . then catch by a passage he do not understand : malcolm man , I be study in the man 's book . I do not dig half the word . bembry look them up and and out what they mean . malcolm where be I gonna start ? bembry start at the beginning . page one , the first one . here -- close shot as bembry 's hand open the book to page one . close in on a picture of a aardvark with its definition malcolm aardvark , noun . a earth pig ; a ant -eate African mammal . man , that sound like the dozen . angle - two -shot bembry read it and keep on read . malcolm 's finger run down to the next definition : dictionary abacus , noun . a ancient and primitive chinese count device . bembry if you take one step toward Allah , he will take two step toward you . 111 omit 112 omit 113 int . malcolm' cell - night he be read on he bunk as barne walk by . the light in the cell go out . malcolm look up , annoyed at be interrupt . he shift he position to the floor of the cell so that he can catch the dim light come from the corridor and go on with he read . close shot - the book malcolm be study the dictionary , the last of the " a 's " : the word azimuth , azore , Aztec , azure , etc . he read a word , then hold he hand over the print definition to test himself , half - mouth its meaning . malcolm be also copying the dictionary in a school book word for word . 114 int . library - day there be several book on the desk before malcolm . we see they title : w.e.b. dubois 's _ the soul of Black folks_ , Carter G. woodson 's _ Journal of negro history_ , durant 's _ Story of philosophy_ , h.g. Wells 's _ outline of history_ , spinoza , thoreau , etc . guard barnes' voice close . knock it off . malcolm be surprised the time have go so fast . he gather up he book with care . he cherish they , put they back on the shelf carefully . guard barne you study to be the first color President of the States ? 115 int . license shop - day the machine be idle ; no one be in the room but malcolm . he start to reach inside he jacket when barne stick he head in . guard barne you take the yard or not ? malcolm I be stay . guard barne then give I a butt . malcolm take out a half - fill pack of cigarettes , about to offer one , then pause . malcolm hand he the pack of cigarettes . malcolm take them . I do not smoke no more . he take the pack happily and go . malcolm reach into he jacket again , take out a book . we see its title : mahatma Gandhi 's _ my struggle_ . he sit next to the license press to read . 116 ext . the prison yard - day a baseball game be in progress . a black team be play a white one . most of the convict be watch the game ; partisanship at every pitch . a base hit get a big reaction . angle - malcolm and bembry they be out along the right field wall . they walk throughout the scene . angle - the ball be hit over the fence for a home run . there be a big cheer from the black prisoner . Pete , the batter , trot proudly around the basis . malcolm ole Pete be not much in the head , but he can lay in there with the wood . bembry lemme tell you about history : black history . you listen ? two - shot - malcolm still watch the game . malcolm you pitch , baby ; I will ketch . bembry the first man on earth be black . they rule and there be not one white face anywhere . but they teach we that we live in cave and swing from tree . Black man be never like that . malcolm be listen to bembry 's intent statement . bembry ( contd ) we be a race of king when the white man go around on all four . there be a crack of the bat and malcolm turn to watch another base hit , by a black convict , stir the crowd . malcolm this a helluva game . somethin 's go on . he see a black convict , chuck , nearby and call over : malcolm ( contd ) hey , whatsa score ? chuck 10 to 1 ; we murdering they , Di not you hear ? malcolm what ? chuck the Brooklyn dodger bring up Jackie Robinson and we pound the hell out of they , celebrate . malcolm how bout that ? bembry sure , white man throw we a bone and that 's suppose to make we forget 400 year . malcolm a black man play big league ball be something . bembry I tell you to go behind the word and dig out the truth . they let we sing and dance and smile -- and now they let one black man in the major . that do not cancel out the great crime in history . when that blue-ey devil lock we in chain -- 100,000,000 of we -- break up we family , torture we , cut we off from we language , we religion , we history . shot of the face of the black ball player and the convict in the stand , cheer and joyous . bembry ( contd ) do they know who they be ? do you know where you come from ? we be the original people . malcolm be listen to he now . bembry ( contd ) what 's you name , boy ? malcolm be startle ; answer like a boy . malcolm Little . bembry no . that 's the name of the slave - master who own you family . you do not even know who you be . you be nothing . less than nothing . a zero . who be you ? close shot - malcolm wrapped in think . angle on malcolm malcolm I be not malcolm Little and I be not Satan . bembry who be you ? close - malcolm malcolm can not answer because he truly do not know . a ball be hit . malcolm watch its flight but he face be fix somewhere between understanding and anger : it be the face of the future leader . bembry I tell you we be a nation , the lose tribe of shabazz in the wilderness of North America . 117 int . another part of the prison - late afternoon the ray of the sun come through bar that cut across malcolm and bembry 's face . bembry Allah have send we a prophet , a black man name elijah Muhammad . for if God be black , malcolm -- malcolm then the devil be white . bembry I know you would hear I . the white man be the devil . all white man be devil . malcolm I sure meet some . bembry no. elijah Muhammad do not say " that white man be a devil . " he teach we that the white man be the devil . all white man . close shot - malcolm listen . bembry have you ever know a good white man in all you life ? think back , do you ever meet one who be not evil ? a prison whistle be hear . 119 omit 120 int . a niche in a prison wall - p.m. malcolm and bembry stand close together . the feel be of someone take communion : with bembry the minister and malcolm the communicant . they voice be little more than whisper . bembry the body be a holy repository . malcolm I will not touch the white man 's poison : he drug , he liquor , he carrion , he woman . bembry a Muslim must be strikingly upright . outstanding . so that in the darkness can see the power of the light . malcolm lift he head . malcolm I will do it . bembry but the key to Islam be submission . that be why twice daily we turn to Mecca , to the Holy of holy , to pray . we bend we knee in submission . bembry kneel in a praying position . malcolm stand . malcolm I can not . bembry for evil to bend its knee , admit its guilt , implore his forgiveness , be the hardest thing on earth -- malcolm I want to , bembry , but I can not . bembry -- the hardest and the great . malcolm I can not . bembry for evil to bend its knee , admit its guilt , implore his forgiveness , be the hardest thing on earth -- malcolm I want to , bembry , but I can not . bembry -- the hardest and the great . malcolm I do not know what to say to Allah . bembry have you ever bent you knee , malcolm ? malcolm laugh - snort : malcolm yeah . when I be pick a lock to rob somebody 's house . bembry tell him that . malcolm I do not know how . bembry you can grovel and crawl for sin , but not to save you soul . pick the lock , malcolm ; pick it . malcolm I want to . God know I want to . 121 int . malcolm' cell-night malcolm hold a letter in he hand . he read it carefully . he have read it several time before . voice of malcolm X I receive a letter that day from the honorable elijah Muhammad . the Messenger of Allah write I , a nobody , a junkie , a pimp and a convict . voice of elijah I have come to give you something which can never be take from you : I bring you a sense of you own worth , the worth of one human be . the knowledge of self . the room become transformed . it be suddenly suffuse with light . and stand in the cell with malcolm be elijah muhammad . he have materialize , but he can be see through . he be malcolm' hallucination . voice of malcolm X it be like a blind light and I become aware that he be in the room with I . he wear a dark suit and on he face I see a pain so old and deep and black I could scarcely look at he . I know I be not dream . he be there . elijah I tell you that the most dangerous creation of any society in the world be the man with nothing to lose . you do not need ten such man to change the world . one will do . the Earth belong to we , the Black man and whatever be around it , and on it and in it . praise be due to he forever for bring to we again , we self and we property , the universe of SUN , moon , and star . voice of malcolm X and suddenly as he come , he be go . the hallucination disappear . voice of malcolm X ( contd ) and then I could do it . malcolm go down on he knee . there be tear in he eye as he begin praying : close - malcolm malcolm Allah akbar : all praise to him who be all - see , all - understanding . he continue to pray . voice of malcolm X we be tell that saul , on the road to Damascus , hear the word of truth , he fall from he horse . I do not like myself to Paul , but I understand . it happen to I . 122 int . bembry' live room - night a poorly furnish , small , but immaculate room . there be two couch , a table set for eat , and , on the wall , a portrait of elijah and a Muslim banner . it be dinner time in a Muslim home . sidney , age 20 , a perfect specimen of the fruit of Islam , stand behind he chair , wait . they mother , lorraine , a woman of bembry 's age , be seat , but she , too , await bembry . shot - bembry bembry in the name of Allah , the beneficent and the merciful to whom all praise be due . at the window bembry say the evening prayer . bembry' voice dear brother malcolm : I be back in the bosom of Islam , praise Allah ... he come to the table , nod and sit . sidney respectfully sit after he . food be pass . it be simple fare : natural food , milk , green . the portion be small . they eat in silence , but there be warmth and love at this table . bembry' voice ( contd ) ... we do not have much , but what we have be yours . lorraine and my two son join with I in say that when you come out , which will not be too long , come straight to we . 123 int . prison barber shop - day malcolm be read bembry 's letter as he wait he turn . there be a white convict in the chair , just be finish by a white barber - simmon . a black barber - slim sit by . both be convict . note : malcolm now wear glass , all that read in he badly light cell have ruin he eye . bembry' voice you write thanking I . do not thank I . praise Allah . he do it all . simmon next . malcolm start for the chair . simmon move away to light a cigarette as slim take over . malcolm' voice dear bembry . please thank the honorable elijah Muhammad for the money and tell he I have not write he because I have not yet prove myself . 124 int . small paradise - night archie and cadillac be read a letter they have receive . they look at each other incredulously . malcolm' voice but I have write everyone else . 125 another prison - day Shorty be wave a letter he have receive to he cellmate . shorty look like homey get himself a brand new hype . 126 int . elijah' office - day a immaculate room , well furnish . elijah sit in a chair as bembry stand read malcolm 's letter . bembry " I write the Mayor , the Governor and the President , but for some reason I have not hear from they " ... bembry laugh ; elijah smile . malcolm' voice tell the Messenger of Allah that I have dedicated my life to tell the white devil the truth to he face . I greet you with the ancient word : " as salaam alikum . " elijah wa-alaikum salaam . malcolm' voice p.s. I finally work my way through the " Z 's " ... 127 int . prison chapel - night title - 6 year later a group of prisoner , mostly white , but with a goodly smatter of black convict , be listen to a lecture by chaplain gill . chaplain gill be there any question ? angle . malcolm seat next to a black convict , raise he hand . it 's the only hand up . the chaplain search for another questioner , but there be not any . Pete , sit next to malcolm , whisper . pete watch out , baby , this cat be heavy on religion . chaplain gill I see this have become a struggle between good and evil . Satan have a question . there be laughter from the convict . malcolm yes it be , chaplain gill . but I would not want to say which one of we be what . laughter , especially from the black convict . chaplain gill why do not you just ask you question ? malcolm you have be talk about the disciple . what color be they ? chaplain gill I do not think we know for certain . there be reaction from the convict . malcolm be sharply challenging a white man about color . malcolm they be Hebrew , be not they ? chaplain gill that 's right . malcolm as Jesus be . Jesus be also a Hebrew . chaplain gill just what be you question ? malcolm what color be the original Hebrew ? chaplain gill I tell you we do not know for certain . malcolm then we do not know that God be white . there be a strong reaction to this . chaplain gill now just a moment , just a moment -- malcolm but we do know that the people of that region of Asia minor , from the tigris - euphrate valley to the Mediterranean , be dark -skin people . I have study drawing and photograph and see newsreel . I have never see a native of that area who be not black . chaplain gill just what be you say ? malcolm I be not say anything , preacher . I be prove to you that God be black . 127a insert flash - a blond , blue - eyed jesus on the cross ( note : try to get footage from _ the last temptation of christ [ willem dafoe ] ) malcolm' voice God be black . 128 int . elijah' office - day malcolm open the door , the room be dark and he see a small , slight man stand against the window , he do not move . this be the same man who appear in malcolm 's cell , this be the honorable elijah Muhammad . malcolm slowly move toward he ; he be completely humble in he presence . close - elijah he turn from the window to malcolm . elijah my son , you have be a thief , drug dealer and a pimp and the world be still full of temptation . when God bragge how faithful job be , the devil argue that only God 's protective hedge around he keep he pure , the devil say remove the hedge and he will curse he maker . malcolm , you hedge have be remove and I believe you will remain faithful . close - malcolm he can not say anything and he drop he head , he be overwhelm with heartfelt emotion . 129 int . bembry' live room - p.m. in contrast to the peaceful family scene , the room be a beehive of activity . sidney be turn out leaflet on a mimeograph machine ; lorraine be busy make up a mailing list use 3 x 5 file card ; bembry be recruiting on the telephone . malcolm how many you turn out ? sidney 500 . malcolm make it 1000 . we get a lot of fishing to do . sidney brother malcolm , I want you to meet brother Earl . he just join the Nation . Earl move toward malcolm and extend he hand . malcolm shake it warmly . malcolm we can always use another good brother . earl I be a willing servant for Allah . 129a ext . church - day Sunday service have let out and malcolm , Earl , and sidney be " fishing . " they be try to convert the Black Christians . malcolm speak , while the other hand out leaflet . malcolm you think you be Christians , and yet you see you so-called white Christian brother hang black Christians on tree . you say that white man love you and yet he have do every evil act against you . he have everything while he be live and tell you to be a good slave and when you die you will have more than he have in beulah 's land . we so -called negroes be in pitiful shape . get off you knee praying to a picture of a white , pale blond , and blue -ey Jesus . come out of the sky . build heaven on earth . Islam be the black man 's true religion . 130 ext . STREET corner , 125th and seventh avenue - day malcolm be talk to a crowd from a ladder . malcolm and that the white man be the devil . yes , God be black and you be make in his image and do not know it . that 's how brainwash you be . the crowd be listen , catch up in malcolm 's intensity . malcolm ( contd ) my brother and sister , they tell you you will sprout wing when you die and fly to heaven . the honorable elijah Muhammad tell you that 's pie in the sky . angle on sidney amid the listener , watch they response . malcolm' voice have you ever see a black man who be not down on he knee begging the Lord to give he in heaven what the white devil enjoy right here on earth ? close shot - several listener they turn from malcolm , move a few step away , and now be the audience on a adjacent speaker . he be a young firebrand : speaker the harlem Council fight for rat control , for rent control and for community control of we school . pan continue to take in another speaker , a few foot away . we see the street corner be harlem 's hyde Park , with half a dozen speaker harangue the crowd with half a dozen panaceas . that malcolm be just one among many : second speaker if the man behind the counter be not black , do not go in . boycott the man . be black . think black . buy black . angle - malcolm malcolm come to we Temple and hear the truth . because , brother and sister , you be dead . yes you be , mentally dead , spiritually dead , morally dead . and we be here to resurrect the black man back from the dead . 131 ext . OPEN AIR " maid be market " - day a place where black woman come to offer themselves for day work . several be see . a white women come up to one to interview she ( bargain with she ) . malcolm 's voice be hear before he be see , speak to the woman from a ladder . malcolm' voice my beautiful sister , for you be beautiful . beautiful because you be black . because black be beautiful . you work in the white folk ' kitchen so I do not have to tell you that they be devil . close - malcolm malcolm ( contd ) and you be put yourselves on the auction block , let they examine you like a horse , like a slave . the honorable elijah Muhammad teach that you be black and should be proud ... face of one black woman , beginning to shake she head in accord . 132 int . temple # 7 - night the same woman , now at a Muslim meeting . the face of other listener ( from the church and from the maid ' market ) be scattered in malcolm 's audience . the headquarters itself show the progress malcolm have make . it be better furnish , larger , and the chair be fill . bembry , sidney , and lorraine be in the back of the room , pleased with the growth . malcolm stand at a podium . malcolm we be not american , we be african who happen to be in America . we be kidnap and bring here against we will from Africa . we do not land on plymouth rock , brother and sister . plymouth rock land on we . reaction : laughter , interest . ad lib " that 's the truth . " malcolm put a end to you begging . no more " please , Mr. White man , lawdy boss , brush I another crumb from off you table , kindly , sir . " we be a nation , a great nation and do not need a thing from they . malcolm scan the face of he audience as they react . he see someone he know and blurt out boyishly ( and winningly ) : malcolm ( contd ) Shorty ! the crowd turn to Shorty , sit embarrassedly in the audience . malcolm ( contd ) come on up here , man , and give we some skin . here 's a man , brother and sister , who shot up with I , who rob with I , and do time in the white devil 's jailhouse . stand up , Shorty , and be count -- but Shorty be try to hide from the spotlight . malcolm come down from the platform and walk to he . malcolm ( contd ) folk , the brother be shy and need special attention . so would you excuse we , while Brothers sidney and Earl take up the collection . he embrace Shorty as the crowd laugh appreciatively and Brothers sidney and Earl have a chuckle themselves . 133 int . muslim cafeteria - night shortly and malcolm sit at a table . Shorty have a cup of coffee in front of he . shorty I get to hand it to you , homey . that 's the best preacher hype I ever do hear . malcolm it be not a hype , Shorty . and I mean what I say : join we . shorty come on , baby . I do not pay that shit no mind . malcolm the honorable elijah Muhammad say you should pay it all you mind . if you get a mind . shorty baby , I love you . take it easy , greasy . how about a snort ? malcolm I have be clean for twelve year , Shorty . shorty you be something , homeboy . my trouble be -- I be not have enough stuff yet , I be not et all the rib I want and I sure be not have enough white tail yet . malcolm how 's the rest of the gang ? you see anyone ? shorty well , sammy 's dead . yeah , fall over in the bed with a chick twenty year young than he . have twenty - five grand in he pocket . 133a insert flash - sammy , he 's dead on top of teenage whore who be scream , try to push that dead weight off she . malcolm' voice how about Old cadillac ? 133b insert flash - cadillac be a old junkie , past reclaim , sit stare in a mental ward , twitching , nose run . shorty' voice hook on horse . be in and out of lexington Ave time . malcolm' voice you see Sophia ? 133c insert flash - Sophia be a bored housewife , she 's in the kitchen cooking while she husband hide behind the Wall Street Journal . 133d back to the bar shorty I be not see archie , but the vine tell it he 's live somewhere 's in the bronx . if you can call it live . 134 int . a dingy room - day a knock on the door rouse archie , by now a old and die man . all the vigor be go , all the life have ebb out . archie git the hell away , you bitch , I will pay you tomorrow . door open , malcolm enter . malcolm hello , archie . archie sit up from he bed and stare . he try to bring back some of he old juice , try to stand up . archie my man , Red . come on in , man . ( then give up ) hey , I can not make it . malcolm have to help he lie back . malcolm take it easy , baby . archie that really you , Red ? the contrast be shocking : malcolm tall and straight ; archie ruin . malcolm you save my life , archie . running I out of harlem . when I think how close we come to gun each other down , I have to thank Allah . archie I be not gonna shoot you , baby . it be just my rep , that 's all . and do not shit I now , but do you have that number ? tell I . malcolm I do not know . it do not matter . the thing be we get to get you back on you foot . archie yeah . I get a couple a new angle be not be figure yet . all I need 's a stake and a chance -- malcolm can you use a few buck ? I be not get much , but -- archie no , man , I be do okay . thanks . malcolm take it easy . Lay down and do not think about it . archie yeah . malcolm you could of be something , archie , but the devil get to you . the old man be asleep . malcolm ( contd ) you know all the angle except how to live . 135 ext . a STREET in harlem - night malcolm walk thoughtfully down the street ; archie be still on he mind , as he pass prostitute after prostitute . once beautiful woman now sell they body . he pass Laura , she have be turn totally out and she look the part , there be no way he can recognize she . we do though . close - LAURA she have just get a white John and lead he into a alley . malcolm' voice woman who could be mother , teacher , scientist ... angle - alley Laura kneel down to unzip she John 's pants . malcolm' voice ( contd ) who be go to raise we child ? ; man who might have be astronaut , composer , engineer ; who be go to be the head of the household ? -- 136 int . temple # 7 - night malcolm be address a huge audience . his tone be more intense , more personal than before , because of he recent encounter . in the audience , sit with bembry , be betty , a lovely dark -skin woman . her interest in malcolm ( true , also , for most of the other unmarried sister ) be more than religious . malcolm -- and what have the white devil make of they : dead soul . oh , my he have no conscience . he should fall on he knee and say , " my kind commit history 's great crime against you kind every day of you life . " but do he ? no . he scorn you , split you head with he nightstick and call you nigger . if you have have it , then stand up and come forward . if not we , then who ? if not now , then when ? angle - the audience many stand , some walk toward the podium speak he name : " I be with you , brother malcolm , " " praise Allah , " " I , brother malcolm . " there be applause ; some of the audience get to they foot -- malcolm acknowledge they approval , try to quiet they , but catch up in the heady excitement of leadership . close - betty and bembry both be move by malcolm 's performance . betty ( whisper ) he ought to try to make it a little easier , brother bembry . bembry why do not you try tell he that , sister Betty ? 137 int . a large anteroom in temple # 7 - night the Muslim movement have grow enormously . the activity in this anteroom , lead to other room off it , show that . Betty and bembry stand before a directory announce activity in the Temple : monday - fruit of Islam meeting ; tuesday - Unity night ; wednesday - Student enrollment ; thursday - Muslim Girls train ; friday - General civilization class ; saturday - swahili , etc . a stir of people and activity as malcolm enter the anteroom . he excuse himself from a group of muslims , make he way toward bembry . malcolm ( little out of breath ) brother bembry , can we fix it so we loudspeaker be hear on the street ? bembry I be sure we can . this be a new sister , sister Betty . malcolm nod at she ; she nod in return . bembry ( contd ) the sister lecture we Muslim woman in hygiene and diet . malcolm mutter " very good , " but he mind be clearly on a million other detail . bembry ( contd ) the sister stress care of the body and regular eat habit . malcolm be still distract . betty the sister wonder if the brother know what harriet tubman do between take soul to the Promised land ? malcolm be stop . he look at Betty . malcolm what ? betty she eat . malcolm laugh . betty ( contd ) and the sister suggest he put he action where he mouth be . malcolm 's laughter be hear , in response . 138 int . muslim cafeteria - night two - shot - betty and malcolm malcolm sure I will speak to you class . but I be a hard man on woman . you want to know why ? betty if you want to tell I . CUT to : 138a ext . elijah' garden - day malcolm sit next to the honorable elijah Muhammad . the student and the teacher . malcolm if you want to tell I . elijah woman be deceitful . they be untrustworthy flesh . I have see too many man ruin or tie down or mess up by woman . CUT back to : 138b betty and malcolm Betty say nothing , she merely push the salad plate a little toward he . the food have thus far go untouched . malcolm continue . close - malcolm malcolm woman talk too much . to tell a woman not to talk be like tell jesse James not to carry a gun or a hen not to cackle . and samson , the strongest man that ever live , be destroy by the woman who sleep in he arm . betty shall I tell my sister that we oppose marriage ? CUT to : close - elijah elijah no . we be not Catholic priest . we do not practice celibacy . if a woman be the right height for a man , the right complexion , if she age be half the man 's plus seven , if she understand that man 's essential nature be strong and woman 's weak , if she love child , can cook , sew and stay out of trouble -- CUT to : close - betty betty I think you have make you point , brother malcolm . malcolm what point ? betty that you have not time for either marriage or eat -- malcolm chuckle a bit . betty ( contd ) -- and that woman be not the only one who talk a lot . now he burst out laugh . close - brother sidney and earl they be alarmed at brother Minister 's behavior . two - shot - betty and malcolm betty if you will start eat , there be a question I have . go ahead . start . he take a forkful of the salad . betty ( contd ) consider today 's standard of animal raise and curing meat , I do not fully understand the restriction on pork . malcolm let I explain . no. I will do better than that . I will show it to you . scientifically . but it 's demonstration purely in the interest of science , you understand ? betty' voice : yes , I understand , brother malcolm . purely scientific . 139 int . museum of natural history - day before a comparative evolutionary display show the skeleton of various animal , malcolm be hold forth . Betty be dress in a vivid , become red dress . malcolm notice especially the claw , the jaw and the skull formation . this be the rat . this the mole . here you have the aardvark and the boar ... close on the skeleton malcolm' voice ... all member of the pig-rodent family . betty I see you point . malcolm so it be not a matter of the breeding condition or preparation of the meat . the meat itself be foul . angle . as they saunter out , pass the huge skeleton of prehistoric animal now . betty could we sit down someplace ? malcolm I be sorry . I have have you on you foot for hour . betty you have be on you foot for day . and do not even finish you salad . 140 int . soda fountain - day waiter you be the strawberry soda and you be the hot fudge sundae . he plunk down the order before Betty and malcolm . malcolm take a long , long satisfy pull on he straw . then he sigh : malcolm that 's something I have not do in fifteen year . betty what ? malcolm Sat down with a pretty girl and have a ice cream soda . betty how do you like it ? malcolm delicious . she laugh . he blushes . malcolm ( contd ) let 's talk about you for a change . betty there 's nothing to talk about . malcolm 0h , yes , there be . I know a lot about you . brother bembry brief I . betty oh ? purely scientific interest I be sure . malcolm ( a beat ) you be from Detroit , near where I come from . you majore in education at tuskegee . you be study nursing and have trouble with you family . betty I can handle it . malcolm they want you to quit the Muslims or they will not pay you tuition , be not that it ? betty you have enough worry of you own . malcolm no , good sister be rare . we need every one . tell I something : how tall be you ? betty why do you ask ? malcolm just a idle question . betty if it 's just idle , I will not answer it . she take a bite of she sundae . betty ( contd ) but brother bembry say I be tall enough for a tall man . malcolm how old be you , Betty ? betty there 's a few thing you do not know about woman , brother malcolm . they be possessive and vain . malcolm be you ? betty and dogge when I set my mind to something . malcolm what have you set you mind to ? betty be a good Muslim , a good nurse and a good wife . malcolm take a good look at the lovely woman in front of he , then a long sip from he ice cream soda . sidney' voice brother malcolm . Betty see he first . betty it 's sidney . angle . as sidney run to they at the table : sidney brother Johnson be attack by the cop . a man' voice there be a scuffle . the brother be watch . 141 ext . side STREET in harlem - p.m. malcolm listen as several witness simultaneously describe the attack . a small angry crowd have gather . the most animated one be benjamin , a very dark young black teenager , we will soon meet he later . benjamin the cop say , " move on . " man the brother do not scatter fast enough for the ofay . close - malcolm benjamin crack . he ble like a stick hog . man watcha gonna do ? voice from the crowd ( deprecatingly ) he will rap a little . he 's a Muslim . and make a speech . another voice from crowd Muslims talk a good game , but they never do nothing , unless somebody bother Muslims . malcolm 's face go taut . he nod sharply at sidney , as Benjamin watch they both . malcolm' voice I demand to see brother Johnson . 142 int . police station - late p.m. malcolm face a desk sergeant , two uniformed cop and a plainclothesman off to one side . sergeant who the hell be you ? malcolm I be from Muslim Temple 7 . cop never hear of you . malcolm where be he ? the police respond with a squeeze play intend to intimidate malcolm : sergeant nobody here by that name . plainclothes what 's you name , feller ? he feel the power play and stiffen in resistance . malcolm I be Minister malcolm x. two witness see he bring in . he be not bring out . plainclothes you hear the sergeant . outside . malcolm stand he ground coolly . malcolm take a look out that window . I intend to see brother Johnson . the cop eye each other . plainclothes walk to the window . 143 ext . the STREET outside - late p.m. across from the station be a phalanx of some fifty men of the fruit of Islam . all be dress in dark suit with white shirt . they stand in military formation : eye forward , every face burn . people from the neighborhood have form a crowd behind and around they . we make out Benjamin among the crowd . 143a int . police station - night plainclothes who the hell be they ? malcolm Brothers of brother Johnson . plainclothes Eddie , let 's see that blotter . two - shot - favor malcolm as the cop examine the police blotter . sergeant yeah . we get a Muslim . the relief must of put it down . plainclothes but you can not see he . you be not he lawyer . sergeant no lawyer , no see . malcolm until I be satisfied brother Johnson be receive proper medical attention , no one will move . cop eye each other . plainclothes nod slightly , he have to give in , malcolm be not play . 144 int . a lockup - same the back of malcolm 's head , as he examine brother Johnson . as he come up out of frame , we see that Johnson have be badly beat . malcolm ( shaking ) only a pig could do a thing like that . plainclothes watch you tongue , boy . malcolm do not you call I boy , you pig . letting a man bleed like that . sergeant put a restrain hand on plainclothes . malcolm ( contd ) that man belong in a hospital . get a ambulance . now ! 145 ext . the STREET - later ( darker ) as Johnson 's body , on a stretcher , be hurried into a ambulance . the crowd have grow in proportion . there be ad lib : " goddam pig , " " damn police brutality , " " least they get he out of the meat house . " malcolm with the sergeant and a lieutenant , as the ambulance pull away . lieutenant all right , break it up . you get what you want . malcolm I be not satisfied . malcolm start walk down the center of the street , after the ambulance . malcolm ( contd ) to the hospital . the fruit of Islam fall in behind he , march slowly . it take on the start of a march as the neighborhood people fall in behind they . people ( especially kid ) race with they on the street and on the sidewalk . angle - benjamin Benjamin fight he way through the crowd try to walk beside malcolm , the Brothers in the fruit stop he and Benjamin drop back . 146 ext . lenox avenue - night now the march have take over the broad avenue . cop be force to redirect traffic , hold up crosstown car as the group walk solemnly by . the people walk behind have swell it to a huge demonstration . they face reflect they anger and they satisfaction that , for once , something be be do about what have happen . 147 ext . harlem hospital - night long shot show the Muslim man in perfect order , calm with they arm fold across they chest , wait . they eye be on malcolm as he walk toward the hospital entrance . shot -- of the grow crowd . -- of the nervous cop , include some big brass . -- of kid watch from a rooftop . -- of Benjamin try to emulate the fruit of Islam . 148 ext . outside harlem hospital - night malcolm be stand in front of the fruit of Islam man , as highranking police officer GREEN come over . captain GREEN all right , that 's enough . I want this people move out of here . malcolm they be all discipline man . they be do nothing except wait . shot the unruly crowd behind the fruit of Islam . they be restive , milling , ugly . captain GREEN what about they ? malcolm that 's you headache , Captain . and if he die , I pity you . 149 ext . outside harlem hospital - night doctor he will live . he 's get the best care we can give . malcolm thank you , Doctor . doctor I have to put a plate in he head . malcolm ( to Captain ) you bastard . captain GREEN all right , okay . now disperse this mob . medium shot - malcolm , fruit of islam and crowd it 's clear the decision be in one man 's hand , malcolm 's . close shot - malcolm he make a gesture with he hand , the fruit of Islam disperse . angle . people move away , go home . only one person remain from the fruit of Islam and the crowd , it 's Benjamin . close - captain GREEN captain GREEN that 's too much power for one man to have . 149a int . muslim cafeteria - night everyone be in a somber mood over the evening 's event . angle - table malcolm sit with Brothers Earl and sidney . sidney brother Minister , we need to strike back . brother earl put fear into that devil . malcolm I want to also , but until we be instruct by the Messenger to do so , we will just wait and pray . brother earl I be tired of praying . malcolm that 's enough , brother Earl . angle - entrance Benjamin come into the cafeteria and everyone look at he . he see malcolm sit and move toward he table . angle - table Brothers sidney and Earl get up to intercept he but malcolm wave he through . Benjamin stand . malcolm sit down , son . malcolm pour some cream into he cup of black coffee , then also some white sugar . malcolm ( contd ) there be only one thing I like integrate . my coffee . Benjamin laugh . malcolm ( contd ) what can I do for you ? benjamin Mr. X , I be out there tonight . I see what you do . I want to be a Muslim . I be not never see a negro stand up to the police like that . angle - sidney and earl they exchange dubious look . malcolm do you know what it mean to be a true Muslim ? Benjamin hesitates . malcolm ( contd ) do you ? benjamin not exactly , but I want to be one , like you . malcolm I admire you enthusiasm but you should never join any organization without first check it out thoroughly . Benjamin be crush and he start to get up . malcolm ( contd ) we need more young warrior like yourself , stick around and we shall see if you heart be true . benjamin Mr. X , I will not make you out a liar . 180 int . temple # 1 - detroit - day close - newspaper headline ( DAILY news ) malcolm X win $ 70000 judgment for beaten negro a aide of elijah put down the newspaper and shake malcolm 's hand . aide the honorable elijah Muhammad would like to see you now . 151 int . elijah' office - day elijah be sweeping the floor with a plain hand broom . malcolm enter the room , be surprised and wait at the door . the two be alone together . elijah if I surprise you , let I explain . menial work teach we humility . malcolm let I do it then . elijah no , each of we must relearn that work be the only worthwhile thing . Allah have give you a great gift . use it wisely , never forget that we be nothing , while he be all . malcolm Allah akbar . the sweeping do , they stand together near a table at a window . elijah tonight I shall introduce you as my National Representative . it will be a difficult task . you assignment be to build temple all over this nation . more work than you have ever do in you life and you will be in the public eye . my son , beware of that camera , they be just as bad as a narcotic . angle - aide and other come into the room now . they be listen . elijah ( contd ) yes , the white devil will watch you every step . even you own Brothers will become jealous , and hostile , go slowly . so I offer you a parable -- regard you work . elijah pick up a glass and set it before malcolm . elijah ( contd ) here be a glass , dirty and its water foul . if you offer it to the people and they have no choice , they must drink out of it . but if you present they with this glass -- he be hold a clean glass , with clear water in it . elijah ( contd ) -- and let they make they decision , they will choose the pure vessel . Islam be the only religion which address the need and problem of the so-called negro , especially in the ghettos -- Islam be the only way out from drug , crime , unemployment , prostitution , alcohol , gambling , fornication and adultery . elijah hold up the clear glass . voice of malcolm X this sweet , gentle man give I the truth from he own mouth . and I adore he , in the sense of the Latin root of the word . adorare , to worship and to fear . he be the first man I ever fear -- not fear such as the one have of a gun but the fear one have of the power of the sun , I pledge myself to he , even if it cost I my life . 152 int . a hospital ward - day Betty be administer to a patient , as a phone be hear ringing . it 's answer . another nurse motion Betty to the phone . she finish with she patient and go quickly . betty hello . malcolm' voice sister Betty ? betty yes . 153 ext . a pay phone at a gas station - day malcolm I be in Detroit . betty I know . malcolm at a gas station . ( a beat ) will you marry I ? betty yes . malcolm do you hear what I say ? betty yes I do . do you hear my answer ? malcolm I think so . can you catch a plane ? betty yes . do you eat ? malcolm I love you . 154 int . bembry' bedroom - night Betty and malcolm sit on the floor in the dimlit room , very close . malcolm it will not be easy . betty just hold I . malcolm it will be rough . betty hush you mouth . malcolm I will be away a lot . betty you be with I even when you be away . he embrace she . then Betty laugh . betty ( contd ) I never tell you , but when I first see you on the podium , clean you glass , I feel sorry for you . nobody as young as you should be that serious . but I do not think that anymore . malcolm what do you think ? betty the simple thing in the world : I want to have a lot of baby with you . dear heart , I love you . full embrace . bembry' voice we be wait on you folk . you try to starve we ? 155 int . bembry' live room - night malcolm have just cut the cake and hand a slice to Betty . amid laughter and great warmth , sidney unfurl the front page of the _ messenger_ , the Muslim newspaper . headline read : " malcolm X weds betty saunder . " Betty kiss she husband and bembry , lorraine , Earl , sidney , Peter and various brother and sister applaud . we notice the subtle change in the apartment : it be more comfortable ; there be even evidence of some small luxury : a tv set , a new settee , etc . 156 ext . rally - harlem - day malcolm be speak to a good size audience : malcolm I must emphasize at the outstart , that the honorable elijah Muhammad be not a politician , so I be not here this afternoon as a Republican , nor a Democrat , not as a mason nor a elk , not as a Christian nor a Jew , not as a Catholic nor a Protestant , not as a Baptist nor a Methodist , not even as a american . for if I be a american the problem that confront we people today would not exist . so I stand here as what I be when I be bear : a black man ! crowd reaction malcolm ( contd ) before there be any such thing as Democrats or Republicans , we be black . before there be any such thing as mason or elk , we be black . before there be any such thing as Jews or Christians , we be black people . in fact long before there be ever any such place as America , we be black people ... and after America have long pass from the scene there will still be black people . close - benjamin he be neatly dress in white shirt , jacket and tie , a fine young Muslim . benjamin 2x take you time . 157 int . chicago temple - night the honorable elijah Muhammad sit on the stage to the right of malcolm . this be a larger audience . malcolm what kind of black people do the honorable elijah Muhammad speak for ? Black people who be jobless ... the black mass who be poor , hungry , and angry , the black mass who be dissatisfied with the slum and ghettos in which we have be force to live ... the black mass who be tired of listen to the promise of white politician to correct the miserable live condition that exist in we community ... the black mass that be sick of the inhuman act of bestial brutality practice by this semi-savage white policeman that patrol we community , like the occupation force of a conquer enemy army ... the black mass who be feed up with the anemic , uncle Tom leadership set up by the white man to act as a spokesman for we people and to keep US satisfied and pacified with nothing ! crowd - reaction close - malcolm malcolm if the black man cannot go back to he own people and he own land , elijah Muhammad be ask that a part of the United States be separate and give to the Muslims so they can live separately . close - elijah malcolm ( contd ) the honorable elijah Muhammad be the only man the white people can deal with in the solving of problem of the so-called negro ... close - malcolm malcolm ( contd ) ... as elijah Muhammad know he problem . 158 int . betty' bedroom - night a modest room . she be rock a cradle with she foot as she write : betty' voice attallah be fine . we firstborn be a angel and a beauty . and miss you as I do . but the news that you have dedicated four new temple be almost as good as have you with we . 158a int . HOTEL room - night malcolm sit in front of a television screen and watch the evening news . the follow speech will be intercut with a series of old newsreel footage - black &amp ; white ( newsclip from Birmingham , selma , Mississippi , and elsewhere ) : 158b -- police use dog against demonstrator . 158c -- the reverend Dr. Martin luther King march . 158d -- cattle prod use against men , women and child . 158e -- the reverend Dr. Martin luther King sing " we shall overcome . " 158f -- pregnant woman knock down by high - pressure water hose . 158g -- the reverend Dr. Martin luther King lead a crowd in prayer . 158h -- student sit in at a counter . 158i -- the smolder ruin of Birmingham 's 16th St. Baptist church . 158j malcolm / he voice the white people who be guilty of white supremacy try and hide they own guilt by accuse the honorable elijah Muhammad of teach black supremacy when he try to uplift the mentality , the social , and economic condition of black people in this country . and the Jews , who have be guilty of exploit the black people economically , civilly , and otherwise , hide they guilt by accuse the honorable elijah Muhammad of be anti-semitic simply because he teach we people to go into business for ourselves and try to take over the economic leadership in we own community . the black people in this country have be the victim of violence at the hand of the white man for 400 year , and follow the ignorant negro preacher , we have think that it be god-like to turn the other cheek to the brute that be brutalize we . 100 year ago they use to put on a white sheet and use a bloodhound against negroes . today they have take off sheet and put on police uniform , they have trade in the bloodhound for police dog . and just as uncle Tom back during slavery use to keep the negroes from resisting the bloodhound or resisting the ku klux klan by tell they to love they enemy or pray for that who use they as spitefully today . the honorable elijah Muhammad be show black people that just as the white man and every other person on this earth have God give rights , natural rights , civil rights , and any other kind of rights that you can think of when it come to defend himself . 159 a-c int . tv studio close shot - malcolm' face with a studio mike around he neck , he 's on a panel show . angle - moderator moderator Mr. X , before we start we discussion tonight -- the Black Muslims : hate monger -- would you mind explain for we the meaning of you name , which be the letter X . angle - panel oppose malcolm be dr . payson , a naacp - type negro . close - malcolm malcolm yes sir . as you know , during slavery time , the slavemaster name most of the so-called negroes in America after themselves . Mr. elijah Muhammad teach we once you come into the knowledge of Islam , you replace you slave name with a X . since we have be disconnect , cut off from we Eastern culture for so long that we do not know the name we originally have , we will use X until we get back to the East . angle - moderator moderator thank you . now Dr. payson . close - dr . payson dr . payson Mr. X be a demagogue . he have no place to go , so he exaggerate . he 's a disservice to every good law -abide negro in the country . can I ask you a question ? close : - dr . payson malcolm please , go ahead . dr . payson Mr. malcolm X , why do you teach black supremacy ? why do you teach hate ? close - malcolm malcolm for the white man to ask the black man if he hate he be just like the rapist ask the rape , or the wolf ask the sheep , " do you hate I ! " the white man be in no moral position to accuse anyone of hate . angle - panel moderator certainly , Mr. X , you must admit there have be progress . malcolm I will talk about " progress " in a minute , but let I finish with my brother . malcolm gesture to the negro panelist . the black member of the tv audience be lap it up . Betty and Earl also sit in the tv studio audience . malcolm ( contd ) stop I if I be wrong . I " polarize the community . " I " erroneously appraise the racial picture . " dr . payson you put it very well . malcolm you leave one phrase out . another educate kneegrew say to I and I quote : " brother malcolm oversimplify the dynamic interstice of the negro subculture . " would you agree ? dr . payson entirely . angle - malcolm malcolm well , I have this to say . do you know what a negro with a B.A. , a m.a. and a Ph.D. be call -- by the white man ? I will tell you . he 's call a nigger . there be some blanching and guffaw from the audience . the moderator be totally embarrassed , Betty roar . malcolm ( contd ) and I be not finish . to understand this man-- he point a sharp finger at the negro panelist . malcolm ( contd ) -- you must know that historically there be two kind of slave . House negroes and field negroes . the house negro live in the big house ; he dress pretty good ; he eat pretty good and he love the master . yeah , he love he more than the master love himself . if the master 's house catch fire , he would be the first to put the blaze out . if the master get sick , he would say : " what 's a matter , boss ; we sick ? " we sick ! if someone say to he , " let 's run away and escape . let 's separate . " he would say , " man , be you crazy ? what 's better than what I get here ? " that be the House negro . in that day he be call the House nigger . well , that 's what we call they today because we still get a lot of House niggers run around . there be applause from the black in the audience . moderator try to regain control . 159d int . elijah' office - day close - the honorable elijah muhammad he be enjoy this display by he prize student , the camera pan to a close shot of bembry and the same can not be say . 159e back to studio moderator I think , perhaps , Dr. payson have something to -- malcolm do not you want to hear about the field nigger ? dr . payson let he finish . malcolm thank you . now the negro in the field catch hell all day long . he be beat by the master ; he live in a shack , wear castoff clothes and hate he master . if the house catch fire , he would pray for a wind . if the master get sick , he would pray that he would die . and if you say to he , " let 's go , let 's separate " , he would yell , " yeah , man , any place be better than this . " you have get a lot of field negroes in America today . I be one . brother benjamin tell it . malcolm -- there 's another one . the majority of black Americans today be field negroes . they do not talk about our progress , about our government , our navy , our astronaut . Hell , they will not even let you near the plant . 159f int . elijah' office - day bembry turn off the tv set and he commence to plant the seed of " betrayal . " close - bembry bembry you holy apostle , dear Messenger , I be you true servant and the brother ask I to tell you malcolm be get too much press . the brother think he think _he_ be the Nation of Islam , that he have aspiration to lead the Nation . it be you who make malcolm the man he be . you lift he out of the darkness . close - elijah elijah go and tell the brother what brother Minister be do , have do , have be of great benefit to the Nation . closer - bembry bembry great benefit for himself . 159g brief montage . the rise of malcolm X ext . STREET - harlem - day malcolm be walk the street of harlem like he be campaigning for office . he have Brothers sidney , Earl , and Benjamin at he side , a crowd follow he . malcolm see a wino . malcolm brother man , put that bottle down , take that poison away from you lip . that 's what the devil want you to do , stay high , out of you natural mind . I know , I have be there . the wino look at malcolm and continue to drink he wine . 159h -- malcolm emerge from a doorway to be meet by a army of tv reporter armed with microphone . he walk ; they follow . 159i -- malcolm walk in harlem , urging people to lift themselves up , come to the meeting , etc . 159j int . temple # 7 malcolm sit with Benjamin . malcolm it 's time you receive you X . but first you must copy this letter , exactly as I give it to you ; down to the dot " i 's , " cross " t 's , " everything . and you must go on a fast , just water and juice , that 's it . close - benjamin he take the letter from malcolm and look at it . benjamin I will have it tomorrow . malcolm brother Benjamin , do not rush , it have to be exact . -- Benjamin go off in a corner and very quickly copy the letter , he 's so anxious . -- Benjamin hand malcolm he letter , malcolm shake he head and hand it back , it 's not exact . 159 k ext . STREET - harlem - day malcolm be talk to a group of people who be have a rent strike . malcolm when you live in a poor neighborhood , you be live in a area where you have poor school . 159l cutaway to malcolm and benjamin malcolm hand he back he letter again . the fast be get to Benjamin . malcolm ( contd ) when you have poor school you have poor teacher . when you have poor teacher , you get a poor education . 159m cutaway to the despair of harlem - slum , tenement , garbage , rat malcolm ( contd ) poor education , you only work on poor pay job and that enable you to live again in a poor neighborhood . 159n cutaway to black face malcolm ( contd ) so it 's a very vicious cycle . we have get to break it . 159o int . muslim cafeteria Benjamin weakly walk toward malcolm and give he he letter , which he take . the fast be wear he out . close - malcolm malcolm be inspect it . close - benjamin his face be fill with apprehension . angle - malcolm and benjamin malcolm you be now Benjamin 2x . benjamin 2x all praise be due to Allah . thank you , brother Minister . malcolm come , sit with we . angle - table Benjamin 2x sit with malcolm and Brothers Earl and sidney . malcolm we be now sit with brother Benjamin 2x . earl Allah akbar . sidney you will be good . benjamin 2x brother Minister , can I have something to eat ? everyone laugh . malcolm let 's get this man some food . 160 ext . harvard square - day a crowd of student outside the Law School . the set be the same as the last time we see malcolm and Shorty here , except now the student part for he . malcolm walk slowly toward the entrance , look up at the Latin inscription of the building when he be stop by a white coed . coed Mr. X , I have read some of you speech and I honestly believe a lot of what you say have truth to it . I have a good heart . I be a good person despite my whiteness . what can the good white people like myself , who be not prejudice , or racist , what can we do to help the cause ? close - malcolm he stare at she . malcolm nothing ! close - coed she be absolutely crush and run away in tear . 161 int . harvard law school - day speak to a pack student audience . malcolm ... my high school be the black ghetto of roxbury . my college be the street of harlem , and I take my master in prison . if you look out the window -- 161a shot malcolm' old gang hangout malcolm' voice -- you can see my burglary hangout . I live like a animal . have it not be for the honorable elijah Muhammad I would surely be in a insane asylum or dead . angle - the audience carefully listen . malcolm Mr. Muhammad be try to get we on God 's side , so God will be on we side to help we fight we battle . when negroes stop get drunk , stop be addict to drug , stop fornicate and commit adultery . when we get off the welfare , then we will be men . earn what you need for you family , then you family respects you . they will be proud to say " that 's my father . " she 's proud to say " that 's my husband ... " Father mean you be take care of that child . just ' cause you make they that do not mean you be a father . anybody can make a baby , but anybody can not take care of they . anyone can go and get a woman but anybody can not take care of a woman . this be the type of teach that the honorable elijah Muhammad teach we so we can build the moral fiber of we people . shot of reporter in audience beginning to scribble furiously . malcolm I can see the gentleman of the press , also the FBI and CIA . be with we . get it straight ' cuz if I say , " Mary have a little lamb , " they would write malcolm X lampoon poor Mary . loud laughter from the audience . but this response be overwhelm by the response of another , larger audience . 162 int . monster rally - night malcolm be talk before a all - black audience . it be the large rally yet ; the hall be pack to the rafter . malcolm we have build temple in Boston , in Detroit , in Atlanta , Philadelphia , Washington -- 100 temple in fifty state . from a handful we have grow to score of thousand . various shot of the rally hawker sell _ the messenger_ , face of fruit of Islam near the podium ; lorraine , sidney , Earl , Benjamin , and bembry . for the first time a new note be see in bembry 's face : reserve border on resentment . when other around he cheer malcolm , bembry be cool . sidney notice this from he father , but make no comment . malcolm / he voice the honorable elijah Muhammad teach we that God be now about to establish a kingdom on this earth base on brotherhood and [ ... ] against peace , he history on this earth have prove that . nowhere in history have he be brotherly toward anyone . the only time he have be brotherly toward you be when he can use you , when he can exploit you , when he can oppress you , when you will submit to he . and since he own history make he unqualified to be a inhabitant or a citizen in a kingdom of brotherhood , the honorable elijah Muhammad teach we that God be about to eliminate that particular race from this earth . so since they be due for elimination , we do not want to be with they . angle - crowd close - malcolm malcolm ( contd ) if the so-called negro be american citizen we would not have a race problem . if the emancipation proclamation be authentic , you would not have a race problem . if the 13th , 14th , and 15th amendment to the constitution be authentic , you would not have a race problem . if the Supreme Court desegregation decision be authentic , you would not have a race problem . all of this be hypocrisy . this negro leader have be tell the white man everything be all right , everything be under control . and they have be tell the white man that Mr. Muhammad be wrong , do not listen to he . but everything Mr. Muhammad have be say be go to come to pass be now come to pass and now the negro leader be stand up say that we be about to have a racial explosion . we be go to have a racial explosion and that 's more dangerous than a atomic explosion . angle - malcolm malcolm ( contd ) it 's go to explode because black people be dissatisfied . they be dissatisfied now not only with the white man , but with this negroes who have be sit around here pose as leader and spokesman for black people . anytime you put too many spark around a powder keg , the thing be go to explode and if the thing that explode be still inside the house , then the house will be destroy . so the honorable elijah Muhammad be tell the white man get this powder keg out of you house , let the black people in this country separate from he while there 's still time . and if the black man be allow to separate and go on onto some land of he own , where he can solve he problem , then there will not be any explosion . complete separation be the only solution to the black and white problem in this country !!! angle - crowd a wave of cheer as people explode . 163 int . a anteroom of the rally - night the rally be over . a small room pack with people congratulate malcolm , try to touch he . he be the hero of the hour . sidney , Earl , and Benjamin with he , enjoy the accolade and try to help malcolm make he way out . bembry stand apart , remove and silent . malcolm thank you , brother ; sister , how be you ? sidney please make way , please -- angle . a well -known personality ( dick gregory ) be at the door . he and malcolm know each other well . malcolm extend a palm , but Gregory do not slap it . gregory can I ask you something ? malcolm sure , man . gregory be you elijah 's pimp ? malcolm what ? gregory ( scornfully ) " his great greatness . " malcolm say what you be say . gregory if you do not know , man , then I feel sorriest for you . 164 int . malcolm' home - night Betty , pregnant with child , be in a chair -- a newspaper in she lap . malcolm be in the other room , put he last daughter to sleep . we hear he ... angle - bedroom malcolm' voice okay , last hug . as he enter , a smile on he face , but the concern of the evening clearly imprint . he sit down heavily . Betty watch he carefully . malcolm Long day . Long night . Long year . Long ten year . he smile . she do not . malcolm ( contd ) why be you look at I like that ? betty because you be in trouble . malcolm how do you know ? she smile . betty dear heart , because I know you . a pause . malcolm I do not want to bring my trouble home . you know that . betty I be not make of glass . malcolm I just want to sit here and be still . betty we have never have a fight . not a real one . but we be go to have one right now if you do not talk about it . malcolm talk about what ? betty the talk be everywhere ! malcolm there 's always talk , always be talk , and always will be talk . do not they say how I be try to take over the Nation , how I be get rich off the Nation ? betty we will get to that , too , but this be not just talk any more . she pick up the newspaper and read from it : betty ( contd ) " Los Angeles , UPI : elijah Muhammad , 67 - year- old leader of the Black Muslim Movement , today face paternity suit from two former secretary who charge he fathere they four child ... " malcolm there be always slander , always lie . you be read the devil 's lie . can not you see they be try to bring we down , bring down the Messenger . betty " both woman , in they 20' , charge they have have intimacy with elijah Muhammad since 1957 ... " malcolm I be go to talk to bembry about it tonight . betty to bembry ? be bembry you friend ? malcolm woman , have you lose you mind ? what 's the matter with you ? Betty get up , go to he gently . betty no , what 's the matter with you ? wake up ! be you so dedicated that you have blind yourself ? be you so commit you can not face the truth ? bembry be the editor of the newspaper you establish . ask he why you name have not be in " Muhammad speak " in over a year ? ask he why you rate front page in every paper in the country , but not a single sentence in you own . malcolm ( rationalize ) I be not interested in personal publicity . we people know what I be do . betty do you know what bembry be do ? you be so blind , everyone can see this but you !!! malcolm bembry save my life . the honorable elijah Muhammad save my life . betty a long time ago . you have repaid they many time over . ask they why they have new car and house full of new furniture . malcolm be that what this be about ? material wealth ? betty what do we have , malcolm . a broken-down jalopy and the clothes on we back . we do not even own we own home . what about we child ? what about I ? you do not even own life insurance . malcolm the Nation will provide for you and the child if anything happen to I . betty will they ? be you sure ? be you sure or be you blind ? she touch he very gently . betty ( contd ) dear heart , you have to help I . I be raise we kid practically by myself , while you be run all over the world . you do not know how many time the girl ask I when be daddy come home ? malcolm what do you want I to do ? we people need I . betty we need you too ! malcolm what do you want I to do ? betty open you eye , you can face death 24 hour a day ; but the possibility of betrayal never enter you mind . if you will not do that for yourself do it for we . 164a detective montage malcolm knock on the door of Evelyn Williams , one of the two secretary / wife . she open the door and have child in she arm . angle - apartment sister evelyn her name be Eva Marie , she 's 2 year old . brother Minister , I do nothing wrong . I do nothing to be put in isolation . I believe in he . I believe in the honorable elijah Muhammad . close - malcolm he can not believe what he be hearing , but he must . the truth be before he eye . malcolm sister Evelyn , believe in Allah . CUT to : 164b int . sister lucille's rosary apt . - day angle - malcolm malcolm be sit hold both of the child . sister Lucille who be pregnant with 3rd child waddle across the room to sit down on the sofa with he . she pick up one of the kid from he . angle - sister lucille sister lucille this be Saudi , she 's 3 and you have lisha , she 's 2 . brother Minister the honorable elijah Muhammad be the father of my 3 child . she touch she pregnant stomach . sister lucille ( contd ) brother Minister he often talk about you . he love you , love you like he own son . say you be the best , he great Minister but that someday you would leave he and turn against he . close - malcolm malcolm he tell you that ? sister lucille yes sir . malcolm be you sure ? sister lucille yes , I be , brother Minister . all I want be support for my child . he should provide for he child . that 's all I want . malcolm Allah will provide . 165 int . bembry' house - night close shot - malcolm he have say everything on he mind and wait for bembry 's answer . pan to bembry bembry what be you talk about -- " blackout " ? some of the Brothers be a little jealous . maybe they think you be a little -- overpublicize . that 's all . forget it . it 's nothing . malcolm be listen closely . bembry put a arm around he , man-to-man . bembry ( contd ) now about we come up in the world a little . you be not naive . you be a man of the world . the Movement 's grow ; we have grow with it . you know folk . they want they leader to be prosperous . one hand wash the other . malcolm ( quote bembry back to himself ) " I be tell you God 's word , not to hustle . " bembry you want a new car ? you want a new house ? be that it ? it 's the money , right ? malcolm have to control he rage . malcolm we tell the world we be moral leader because we follow the personal example of the honorable elijah Muhammad . it 's hard to make a rooster stop crow once the sun have rise . the sun be up . we hear rifle shot . drum cadence ( it will be throughout entire scene ) 166 omit 167 omit 168 omit 168a int . manhattan CENTER - day malcolm , a last - minute replacement for the ail honorable elijah Muhammad , speak before a huge crowd . malcolm and what do I say of this so-called national mourn ! I say ... the white man 's act be condemn , not only by we belief but by he own . 168b shot - american flag at half-mast malcolm both he Bible and the Holy Koran say : " as you sow , so shall you reap . " both say : " sow the wind , reap the whirl wind . " shot - american flag at half -mast malcolm ( contd ) in the soil of America the white man plant the seed of hate . he allow the weed that spring up to choke the life out of thousand of black man . 168c shot - the kennedy funeral cortege malcolm ( contd ) now they have strangle one of the gardener . this be the justice of Allah . wa - salaam alaikum . 168d shot - audience audience alaikum wa-salaam . 168e shot - the lone , riderless horse 169 int . malcolm with reporter - day reporter Minister X ! do not you have even a little bit of remorse ... sadden by President Kennedy 's assassination ? close - malcolm malcolm assassination might be too good a word , and might I add a Arabic word at that . this be a prime example of the devil 's chicken come home to roost . be a old farm boy myself , chicken come home to roost never do make I sad . it always make I glad . 169a int . elijah' office - day on he desk be the black headline : malcolm X call assassination " chicken coming home to roost . " elijah 's health be get worse , he cough be frequent . elijah do you see the papers today ? malcolm yes , sir , I do . elijah that be a very bad statement . the country love this man , and you have make it hard in general for Muslims . close - malcolm he know what be come . close - elijah elijah ( contd ) we must dissociate ourselves from you terrible blunder . I will have to silence you for the next ninety day . you be not allow to make any statement to the press nor be you to speak at any temple . closer - malcolm he look at elijah , he leader , he friend , he father and speak with total sincerity . malcolm I agree with you , sir . I submit 100 percent . angle - room malcolm turn around and leave the room . angle - door as the door be be close , we see bembry kneel before elijah and kissing he hand . the door close , the screen be black . fade in : 170 omit 171 omit 172 int . malcolm' house - night sidney be play on the floor with the kid . Betty scoops they up . betty c'mon girl , it 's bedtime . the phone ring . malcolm answer it . from he expression we know it be a threat call . he hang up . Betty leave with the kid . sidney another one ? malcolm how long have this be go on ? sidney all day since you and Betty leave . brother Minister , I have to level with you . they give I a mission . but I could not do it . I love y'all . malcolm what mission ? sidney to wire you car so it would explode when you turn the ignition . the minister say you be spread untruth about the Messenger . the minister say you be a great hypocrite , juda , benedict Arnold . the minister say you tongue should be cut out and deliver to the Messenger 's doorstep . malcolm what do sidney say ? sidney I be with you , brother Minister . malcolm no . you will be mark for death . sidney let I die then . malcolm I will not let myself come between you and you father . go home . sidney you be my father . malcolm and do not come back . sidney reluctantly leave , walk out the door , past Betty . she look at he , then malcolm . 173 int . HOTEL theresa - day malcolm -- back by Brothers Earl and Benjamin 2x -- face a roomful of supporter and reporter . malcolm because 1964 threaten to be a very explosive year on the racial front , and because I myself intend to be very active in every phase of the american negro struggle for human rights , I have call this press conference , this morning in order to clarify my own position in the struggle -- especially in regards to politics and nonviolence . in the past I think the thought , speak the word of the honorable elijah Muhammad , that day be over . from now on I speak my own word , and think my own thought . Internal difference within the Nation of Islam force I out of it . I do not leave of my own free will . but now that it have happen , I intend to make the most of it . now that I have more independence of action , I intend to use a more flexible approach toward work with other to get a solution to this problem . I do not pretend to be a divine man , but I do believe in divine guidance , divine power , and in the fulfillment of divine prophecy . I be not educate , nor be I a expert in any particular field , but I be sincere , and my sincerity be my credential . I be not out to fight other negro leader or organization . we must find a common solution , to a common problem . I be go to organize and head a new mosque in New York City , know as the Muslim mosque , Inc . this give we a religious base , and the spiritual force necessary to rid we people of the vice that destroy the moral fiber of we community . we political philosophy will be black nationalism . we economic and social philosophy will be black nationalism . the Muslim mosque , Inc. will remain wide open for idea and financial aid from all quarter . whites can help we , but they can not join we . there can be no black - white unity until there be first some black unity . a host of question fire all at once : how many of elijah 's follower will join you ? etc , etc , etc . malcolm calm they : malcolm ( contd ) there be one further preparation I need . it be a return to the source of we great religion . I will make a pilgrimage to Mecca . 174 ext . JFK airport - day malcolm , at the window , as he plane take off . he be watch Betty and the child on the Visitors ' ramp . he see she become a tiny figure , wave a vivid bandana . 175 ext . visitors ramp - day the plane be out of sight . Betty gather up she child . as they leave she be subtly surround by the protect band of supporter , lead by Earl and Benjamin 2x . 175a mecca - the pilgrimage malcolm greeted as he descend from the plane in egypt malcolm' voice my darling Betty . everywhere I go I be welcome as the representative of we people . 175b shot of CIA agent he watch as malcolm walk between the two pyramid . malcolm' voice ( contd ) we fight be know and respected worldwide . incidentally , there 's a little white man who follow I wherever I go . 175c shot of malcolm on a camel as he ride toward the sphinx . malcolm' voice I wonder who he 's work for ? if I be a betting man , I would say CIA . what 's you guess ? 175d group of burnoosed supporter on the street of jedda , saudi arabia . betty' voice I arrive in jedda , Saudi Arabia . I have never witness such sincere ... 176 int . audubon ballroom - night Betty be read malcolm 's letter to a large audience . betty ( contd ) ... hospitality and true brotherhood as practice here in the ancient home of abraham , Mohammad and the great prophet of the scripture ... " 177 int / ext . mecca - day / night -- malcolm , wear the garb of a pilgrim , walk with a vast throng of other , similarly clad , around the great Temple . he wear two white towel , one over he loin , the other over he neck and shoulder , leave the right arm and shoulder bare . he wear simple sandal . the other pilgrim be of various color : from white , to yellow , to darkest black . 177a -- malcolm and other pilgrims kneel together on a praying rug . 177b -- malcolm and several white pilgrims eat muslim-style ; break a chicken and shaking it . 177c -- malcolm and other walk around the great kaaba , a black stone set in the middle of the great mosque . he fall to he knee . we see what he describe : malcolm' voice today , with thousand of other , I proclaim God 's greatness in the Holy City of Mecca . wearing the ihram garb I make my seven circuit around the kaaba ; I drank from the well of Zem Zem ; I pray to Allah from mt. ararat where the ark land . it be the only time in my life that I stand before the creator of all and feel like a complete human be . 178 int . elijah be home - night elijah and a group of black muslim leader . bembry among they , it look like he be the number two man now that malcolm have be jettison . the Messenger lie in bed , he be have a cough fit , this be the worst condition he 's be in . a doctor order everyone out the room . malcolm' voice you may be shocked by this word , but I have eat from the same plate , drunk from the same glass and pray to the same God with fellow Muslims whose eye be blue , whose hair be blond and whose skin be the whitest of white . and we be brother , truly ; people of all color and race believe in one God and one humanity . once before , in prison , the truth come and blind I . it have happen again ... 179 int . malcolm' home - night Betty be with Brothers Earl , Benjamin 2x , and the child . there be now four include another baby - gamilah malcolm' voice in the past , I have permit myself to be use to make sweeping indictment of all white people , and this generalization have cause injury to some white folk who do not deserve they . because of the spiritual rebirth which I be bless to undergo as a result of my pilgrimage to the Holy City of Mecca , I no longer subscribe to sweeping indictment of one race . I intend to be careful not to sentence anyone who have not be prove guilty . I be not a racist and do not subscribe to any of the tenet of racism . in all honesty and sincerity it can be state that I wish nothing but freedom , justice and equality : life , liberty , and the pursuit of happiness for all people . 179a shot . malcolm be bent over in prayer , lone figure in a huge mosque . malcolm' voice my first concern , of course , be with the group to which I belong , the afro - Americans , for we , more than any other , be deprive of this inalienable rights . 179b shot . malcolm on a plane head home . malcolm' voice I believe the true practice of Islam can remove the cancer of racism from the heart and soul of white Americans . 180 ext . JFK airport - day a tight two - shot of malcolm and Betty in a embrace . she break from he and whisper : " go ahead . I can wait now . " 181 int . JFK airport - day a large PRESS conference : mike of every network , every newspaper and wire service present . malcolm sport a beard . malcolm let 's begin . reporter # 1 malcolm , you say on you trip abroad you sense a feel of great brotherhood . malcolm as I recall , I point out that while I be in Mecca make the pilgrimage , I speak about the brotherhood that exist at all level among all people , all color who have accept the religion of Islam . I point out that what it have do , Islam , for that people despite they complexion difference , that it would probably do America well to study the religion of Islam and perhaps it could drive some of the racism from this society . Muslims look upon themselves as human being , as part of the human family and therefore look upon all other segment of the human family as part of that same family . today my friend be black , brown , red , yellow and white . reporter # 8 malcolm , be you prepare to go to the United Nations at this point and ask that charge be bring against the United States for its treatment of the american negroes ? malcolm oh yes . the audience applaud . malcolm ( contd ) the audience will have to be quiet . yes , as I point out that during my trip that nation , African nation , asian , Latin nation look very hypocritical when they stand up in the UN condemn South Africa and say nothing about the racist practice that be manifest everyday against negroes in this society . I would be not a man if I do not do so . I would not be a man . reporter # 3 be you prepare to work with some of the leader of some of the other civil rights organization ? malcolm certainly , we will work with any group , organization or leader in any way , as long as it 's genuinely design to get result . reporter # 1 do the new beard have any religious significance ? malcolm no , not particularly . but I do think that you will and black people in America , as they strive to throw off the shackle of mental colonialism , will also probably reflect a effort to throw off the shackle of cultural colonialism . and then they will begin to reflect desire of they own with standard of they own . reporter # 2 one of you more controversial remark be a call for black people to get rifle and form rifle club sometime back . do you still favor that for self - defense ? malcolm I do not see why that should be controversial . I think that if white people find themselves victim of the same kind of brutality that black people in this country face , and they see that the government be either unwilling or unable to protect they , that the intelligence on the part of the white would make they get some rifle and protect themselves . reporter # 2 what about the gun , malcolm ? malcolm have the white man change since I go away ? have you put up you gun ? the day you stop be violent against my people will be the day I tell folk to put away they gun . reporter # 3 then you be still a extremist ? angle - muslim male benjamin thomas git you hand out of my pocket ! everyone turn around to the back to see what the commotion be about . the man who yell out leave quickly , we will see he later on , very soon . 182 int . malcolm' house - night malcolm look out the live room window , he have a rifle in hand . ( note : this be the same pose as the famous photograph of he . ) he do not see anyone and close the curtain . the phone ring . close - phone malcolm pick up the receiver . voice you be one dead nigger . angle - bedroom Betty have pick up also and she 's listen . voice you be day on this earth be numbered , brother . close - malcolm click ! he hang up . angle - bedroom malcolm enter the room and get into the bed with Betty , he put he ear down on he wife 's pregnant stomach . she kiss he . betty get some sleep . malcolm you have to sleep for three . malcolm pull Betty closer to he . malcolm I be sorry . I have not be the best husband or father . betty shhh ! malcolm families should not be separate . I will never make another long trip without you and the kid . we will all be together . betty dear heart , I love you . malcolm we have the best organization that black people ever have and nigger ruin it . 183 ext . the house - night it be a cold winter night . a molotov cocktail be light and hurl through the front picture glass window . 184 int . the house - night one of the child scream . close - malcolm 185 int . malcolm' bedroom - night malcolm grab he pistol and quickly throw a coat over Betty . she be half - asleep , frighten , tremble and disorient . malcolm walk out the back , dear . hurry . Betty go . malcolm run back for the child . angle . he reassuringly lead the four child , in they pajamas , through the smoke- fill house . malcolm there 's nothing to be afraid of . it might be a little cold . hang on . we will be fine . 185a insert - flashback we CUT back to Earl Little get he family out of the burn house in lansing , Michigan . it should be the same exact scene we see before earlier in the film . earl everybody out . out ! out ! get the kid . CUT back to present 186 ext . the house - night neighbor ' light have go on . there be shout : " what be it ? " " Fire ! " " bring that child in here . " malcolm call the Fire Department . 186a omit 187 ext . the house - night ( later ) a hose be play on the fire . Police car have arrive . there be two reporter with the cop . malcolm face they furiously . malcolm and the fire hit the window and it wake up my second oldest baby , but the fire burn on the outside of the house . it could have fall on six - , four - , or two - year - old girl . and I be go to tell you , if it have do it , I would have take my rifle and go after anybody in sight . reporter be the Muslims behind this ? malcolm it be bomb by the Black Muslim movement upon the order of elijah Muhammad . second reporter do you know what Muslim headquarters be say ? malcolm ( with total contempt ) I can imagine . I do it myself . for the publicity . 187a ext . temple # 1 - detroit - day bembry be be interview by a reporter . bembry we feel this be a publicity stunt on the part of malcolm X . we hope this be not a case of " if he can not keep the house , we will not get it either . " 187b ext . malcolm' STREET - night a car come roaring down the street with rifle stick out the window , and pull right up in front of malcolm 's house . angle - house Brothers Earl and Benjamin 2x run out of the car up to malcolm . brother earl we call you house , operator say you have request that you phone be turn off . benjamin 2x give we the command , malcolm . malcolm I do not care about myself , my wife and four child be sleep in they bed , they have nothing to do with this . brother earl let 's get out of this cold . Brothers Earl and Benjamin take off they coat and put it over malcolm and lead he to a police car . 187c int . basement - day five black men sit around a table . they do not speak . they be Thomas hayer , Ben Thomas , Leon Davis , William X and wilbur kinley . all be Muslims , all be the assassins . close - 12 - gauge sawed -off shotgun on table close - 9 mm german luger on table close - .45 automatic angle - thomas hayer he put a roll of expose 35 mm film into a sock . angle - table assassins Allah akbar . 187d ext . NY hilton - day - establishing shot 187e int . NY hilton angle - lobby malcolm be check in when he be approach by a young white coed . coed Mr. x. I have a good heart . I be a good person despite my whiteness . what can the good white people like myself who be not prejudice do to help the cause of the negro ? close - malcolm he look at she . he think . he speak . malcolm let sincere white individual find other white people who feel as they do and teach non-violence to that white who think and act so racist . close - coed coed I will , Mr. X , I will . close - malcolm malcolm let 's all pray without cease . May Allah bless you . 187f int . HOTEL room - night malcolm lie on he bed , and for the first time we see the strain in he face , it have begin to take its toll , he 's a haunt man . a doom man . angle - malcolm malcolm dial the phone . malcolm brother Earl . 187g int . HOTEL theresa - night brother earl malcolm , where be you ? we have be call all over the city . intercut between malcolm and brother Earl . malcolm I be gonna try and get some work do tonight . brother earl let some of we come down there . malcolm no , that will not be necessary . I will be all right . brother earl I wish you would listen to we . what about the meeting tomorrow ? we need to frisk people . malcolm I do not want folk to be searched , it make people uncomfortable . if I can not be safe among my own kind , where can I be ? Allah will protect I . there be silence on the other end . close - brother earl 187k int . audubon ballroom - night the five assassin be case ballroom . they check the different entrance , the exit , the bathroom , staircase while the jam pack crowd continue to dance the night away . 188 int . a friend house - night Betty be put she four daughter to sleep when the phone ring . she pick it up . voice that red nigger of yours be dead and so be you bastard child . click . Betty hang up the phone and it ring again . betty stop call we . leave we alone . leave we alone . I will kill you . I will kill you . close - malcolm malcolm Betty it 's I . it 's I . intercut between between malcolm and Betty . betty malcolm , they keep call , threaten we . I be go crazy , when be this go to stop ? malcolm do not answer the phone . it 's all right . it 's all right . nothing be gonna happen to anybody . betty dear heart , where be you ? malcolm at the Hilton . the girl asleep ? betty I just put they to bed . can we come to the meeting tomorrow ? malcolm I do not think that 's such a good idea . 189 ext . road a blue 1968 cadillac pass a sign that say Patterson , New Jersey . angle - car the assassin be on they way to the audubon ballroom , wilbur kinley be behind the wheel , no one be talk . 190 ext . STREET - day Betty be drive to the audubon ballroom , she four daughter be in the backseat make a racket . 190a ext . STREET - day malcolm drive to the audubon ballroom . 191 int . audubon ballroom - day Brothers Earl and Benjamin 2x along with some other be put the fold chair in place for the come meeting . the audience have not start to come in yet . 192 ext . GEORGE WASHINGTON bridge - day the assassin be drive over the George Washington Bridge . angle - car kinley Brothers , the time be fast approach , it 's the hour of the knife . 193 ext . STREET - day close - betty Betty be try to quiet down she daughter as she drive . 194 ext . STREET - day close - malcolm malcolm be in deep think as he drive . 194a int . audubon ballroom - day Betty and she four kid walk into the ballroom and move down the center aisle . one of the girl drop she black doll and a young man pick it up . the young man be Thomas hayer , he give it back to she . betty say thank you . gamilah thank you . thomas you be welcome . angle . the rest of the assassin come in and go to they position along with the rest of the crowd , the place be start to fill up . 195 int . backstage - day brother benjamin 2x no sign of the minister yet . brother earl he will be here like clockwork . 196 ext . STREET - day malcolm drive past the audubon ballroom , people be go in but no cop be present . angle - car malcolm drive by . angle - STREET malcolm park he car , it 's four block away . he turn off the ignition and sit there . close - malcolm it 's as if he 's freeze in he car . angle - STREET malcolm finally get out of the car , lock the door and walk a couple of step , then stop . close - malcolm malcolm have stop in he track , like some unseen force have overcome he which prevent he from move . malcolm be paralyze . closer - malcolm' face his eye be close , and the street noise begin to build to a deafen _roar_ . then all of a sudden it stop . angle - old woman old woman Son , you all right ? malcolm open he eye , she have bring he out of it . he look at she but do not answer . old woman ( contd ) be you okay ? malcolm look at this old woman , who slightly resemble he own mother . malcolm ma'am , I be fine . old woman good . we need you . I recognize you , do not pay they folk no never mind , you keep on do what you do . malcolm May Allah bless you . old woman I will pray for you too , son . Jesus will protect you . she walk away , carry she two shopping bag full of grocery . 197 int . backstage - day malcolm walk in . present be Brothers Earl , Benjamin 2x and a secretary sister robin . malcolm be the program ready ? benjamin 2x no , brother Minister . malcolm why not ? you have have ample time , you and the sister . sister robin I apologize brother Minister , we will have it next week . he be piss . malcolm folk be sit out there _today_ , not next week , expect to hear we program . benjamin 2x next week , brother Minister . malcolm have the reverend call ? be he go to show ? brother earl reverend chickenw call last night and say he would not be able to attend . malcolm so now we have no open speaker ? why be not I inform last night ? brother earl I call sister Betty , she do not tell you ? malcolm since when do you start tell sister Betty my business ? since when ? she have nothing to do with this . you tell I , not she , not anybody else . brother earl I assume ... malcolm what do I tell you about assume ? malcolm start pace the room , nobody have ever see he like this before . malcolm Benjamin , you better go out there and explain why the program be not ready today . Benjamin 2x get up to leave . malcolm sister , please go with the brother . they both exit . close - malcolm and earl brother earl brother Minister , what be wrong ? malcolm the way I feel , I ought not to go out there today . in fact , I be go to ease some of this tension by tell the black man not to fight himself -- that 's all a part of the white man 's big maneuver , to keep we fight amongst ourselves , against each other . I be not fight anyone , that 's not what we be here for . brother earl let 's cancel . malcolm be my family here yet ? brother earl down front as always . 198 int . anteroom - day a lone cop in uniform stand in the shadow with a walkie-talkie . 198a int . backstage - day malcolm be about to go on stage when he see sister Robin . malcolm you will have to forgive I for raise my voice to you . sister robin brother Minister , I understand . malcolm ( to himself ) I wonder if anybody understand . 199 int . audubon ballroom - day the place be fill . Betty and the girl sit in a box - off section near the platform . malcolm 's bodyguard stand on and around the stand . Benjamin 2x be finish up he speech when malcolm walk onto the stage and sit down . malcolm make it plain . benjamin 2x and now , without further remark , I present to you one who be willing to put himself on the line for you -- close - betty and the kide close - thomas hayer close - wilbur kinley close - leon davis close - BEN thomas close - william X close - malcolm X close - benjamin 2x benjamin 2x ( contd ) -- a man who would give he life for you . I want you to hear , to listen , to understand one who be a trojan for the black man . angle - stage a roar greet malcolm 's intro . he shake hand with Benjamin 2x , then step toward the podium . close - malcolm he start to rearrange he 3 x 5 index card in he hand . malcolm Brothers and sister , wa-salaam alaikum . audience alaikum wa-salaam . swift jerky pan of camera there be a commotion in the rear of the audience . benjamin thomas git you hand out of my pocket . the bodyguard move toward the rear . close - malcolm malcolm hold it , brother . do not get excited . let 's cool it -- angle - william X he stand up from the fourth row with 12 - gauge saw - off shotgun blast . close - malcolm throw up he hand , grab he chest and be knock backward . shot - pure pandemonium people hit the floor , knock over chair , stampede for the exit . angle - back of auditorium wilbur kinley ignites a smoke bomb . angle - first run Thomas hayer and Leon Davis stand up , run toward the stage , and empty they .45 's and luger into the fall body of malcolm . angle - betty she be on the floor cover she child . angle - aisle hayer and Davis charge up the aisle toward the rear exit , shoot at the crowd . angle - bodyguard he stand in hayer 's way , hayer fire , he turn , the bullet miss and the bodyguard get off a shot which hit hayer in the leg . angle - hayer he stumble momentarily , then limp on . angle - staircase hayer be run down the staircase when he be trip , and go fly through the air to the bottom of the landing . the crowd start to beat the shit out of he , kick he in the head , etc. , they be about to tear he apart from limb to limb when a patrolman enter with gun draw . he shoot gun into air and the crowd back off and he take custody of hayer . angle - stage one of malcolm 's bodyguard , brother gene , be over he , give he mouth - to- mouth resuscitation . brother gene stop , Betty move in and hug she die husband . betty somebody call a ambulance . somebody call a ambulance . angle - entrance thirty cop walk in like it 's a spring Sunday stroll in Central Park . close - malcolm his eye be glaze over . betty' voice they kill he . they kill he . 200 shot - brother earl and benjamin 2x sitting on stage 200a shot - malcolm be rushed on a stretcher to hospital next door shot - hospital spokesperson hospital spokesperson the person you know as malcolm be no more . 200b the stunned face of black people outside the audubon ballroom ... -- and in harlem . ossie davis speak behind the above : ossie davis' voice here at this final hour , in this quiet place , harlem have come to bid farewell to one of its brightest hope , extinguish now and go from we forever . 200c dolly shot of the long line of people outside the funeral parlor , wait to see malcolm 's body , where it lie before burial . ossie davis' voice : ( contd ) for harlem be where he work , and where he struggle and fight . his home of home , where he heart be and where he people be . and it be therefore most fitting that we meet once again in harlem to share this last moment with he . for harlem have ever be gracious to that who love she , have fight for she and defend she honor even to death . it be not in the memory of man that this beleaguere , unfortunate but nonetheless proud community have find a brave , more gallant young champion than this afro-american who lie before we unconquer still . many will ask what harlem find to honor in this stormy , controversial and bold young captain and we will smile and we will answer and say unto they : 2 ood shot - face of harlem - present day - the 9u' ordinary people in ordinary pursuit of life , black people still struggle to stay afloat in a racist white america that do not have they best interest at hand -- 8 year of Reagan and now at least 4 year of Bush . ossie davis' voice ( contd ) do you ever talk to brother malcolm ? do you have he smile at you ? do you ever listen to he ? do he ever really do a mean thing ? be he ever associate with violence or any public disturbance ? 200e shot - STREET sign - malcolm X boulevard - harlem 200f shot - young afro - centric teenager with malcolm X t-shirt , hat , jacket , jewelry , etc . ossie davis' voice ( contd ) for if you do , you would know he and if you know he , you would know why we must honor he . 200g shot - newsreel footage of the _real_ malcolm X ossie davis' voice ( contd ) malcolm be we manhood , we live black manhood . that be he meaning to he people and in honore he we honor the best in ourselves . 200h freeze frame - a close - up of the real malcolm X smiling right at US . CUT to : 200i shot - int . classroom bulletin board a picture collage of malcolm X . it read p.s. 153 -- harlem honors malcolm on he birthdate May 19 , 1935 . ossie davis' voice ( contd ) and we will know he then for what he be and be . a prince , a black shining prince who do not hesitate to die because he love we so . angle - classroom it 's a fourth - grade class . close - student 1st student I be malcolm x. close - student 2 nd student I be malcolm x. close - student 3rd student I be malcolm x. close - student 4 th female student I be malcolm x. 201 int . classroom - soweto , south africa - day close - student 1st student I be malcolm x. close - student 2 nd student I be malcolm x. close - student 3rd student I be malcolm x. close - student 4 th female student I be malcolm x. camera pan slowly to head of class where the teacher stand , it 's nelson mandela . close - mandela mandela as brother malcolm say , " we declare we right on this earth to be a man , to be a human be , to be respected as a human be , in this society , on this earth , in this day , which we intend to bring into existence by any mean necessary . "