maleficent written by Linda woolverton base on Disney 's sleep beauty current revision by Paul dini and Robert stromberg revised draft January 23 , 2012 " the only thing necessary for the triumph of evil be for good man to do nothing " - Edmund burke maleficent ext . the scottish highland - day 1 we be fly above the moor of northern Scotland follow the rugge , roll terrain at bird-height . angle on wing we shine black wing rise and fall lazily as we ride the strong air current . we drop down a steep steal and level out to skim the blue water of a expansive loch below . we wing we way above farmland beyond . ee oe ext . a farm - day 2 we pass above a farm woman below . she pour milk from a jug onto a large stone . farm woman for the Fair folk . we approach another farm house . ext . the house of a shepherd - day 3 two colly lay outside the house . they leap up as the shepherd come out with he young son and wife . the shepherd * and he boy walk toward the paddock . but they stop , dismay to see that the paddock gate be wide open . the sheep be scattered across the wide field . shepherd the pixie have be at it again ! he whistle . the dog race across the field to round up the sheep . the boy run to help . his wife go back inside and return with a heavy iron pan . she mutter a old adage as she position the pan above the door . shepherd 's wife " Iron pot above the door . protect we home from dark one of the moor . " on the shepherd and son they herd the sheep down the road . ahead , it cross a thin line of dark grass which run through the lighter grass of the field . shepherd hold up ! he take off one of he work glove and toss it onto the road in the spot where it meet the line of dark grass . shepherd Drop a glove before you cross a faerie path . they do not like it if we do not show respect . he whistle to the dog . they nip at the sheep who trample the glove as they run . the boy pick it up and run to catch up . ext . the moor - from above - on the wing 4 we turn and follow the faerie path which lead into wilder moor with peat bog , heath meadow , thin forest , stream and misty mountain in the distance . ext . a blackthorn tree - day 5 we alight on the branch of a blackthorn tree and TRAVEL down to reveal that we be not a winge bird ... ... but a winged girl . maleficent be lean , all angle , with high cheekbone , a sharp chin and point ear . she look about 15 . she struggle with she large wing like wild , unruly hair before she get they to fold behind she . on the moorland - maleficent 's Pov the natural sound of the moor drift up to she . the sound gradually become discernible as voice : talk , laugh , complain , threaten , whining . the blackthorn tree - on maleficent she take a few black nut from the tree and crunch they , shell and all . gutteral grunting sound from below draw she gaze . on the peat bog - her Pov mud -covered creature with round body and spindly arm and leg move about in the bog . as they grunt and slobber , mud drip from they mouth which sustain and thicken the bog . the blackthorn tree - on maleficent several wingless , wizened bald elvish men burst from the branch , slapping she hand away from they nut . * she make a ugly face back at they . she grab more nut and * fly off follow a rocky stream . ext . a pond - day 6 maleficent land on the bank and sit on a rock to finish she steal black nut . pretty , female water faeries admire they reflection . they long GREEN hair be make of silky trail weed . nearby , shy , timid moss people with large eye lurk in the dark wood foliage . as they run they hand over the dry dead moss , it turn GREEN once again . * * * a long GREEN arm emerge from the water and reach out toward maleficent 's bare ankle . she look down just as the GREEN hand grab she ankle and jerk she off the rock . a malevolent water woman , with knotted weed and pebble for hair , pull she toward the pond . maleficent let go ! maleficent kick she away and fly off . the GREEN woman slip back into the water . maleficent fly toward a copse of tall tree ahead . ext . a rowan tree - day 7 she light in the branch of a tree to eat she black nut in peace . loud , giggle laughter draw she attention . ext . a meadow - day 8 Three flower pixie play hide - and -seek in the meadow . knotgrass , thistlewit and flittle be small , lithe , flighty girl with point ear , nose and tiny transparent wing . flittle wear all blue . she 's plague with ever - present butterfly that fly around she head . thistlewit have a tiny round head with tuft of wispy hair that splay outward around she face like a dandelion . knotgrass wear green and brown . 10 11 her short dark hair stick upright or fall down into she eye . Color flow from the pixie fingertip make the petal brighter , the grass greener or sagging flower revive . they hear bell in the sky and rise into the air . ext . the rowan tree - day 9 the pixie fly past maleficent in the tree . flittle the King and Queen be come ! they flit away . maleficent roll she eye . maleficent gnat . ext . the sky - the faerie procession 10 the sky be crowded with winge faery . the beautiful queen ulla and she husband , king kinloch lead the procession which be light by the waver light of will o’ the wisp . on the moor - from above below , wingless faeries emerge : small elvish men with foot of crow and tiny eye . creature with the body of small horse and the head of human . web -foote sprite with huge sharp tooth and point ear . wild elvish women lurking at the base of tree . ext . the faerie flight - evening a 1 maleficent fly up to join the procession . she soar up to a higher altitude above the royal . Queen ulla glare up at she . the pixie fly up beneath maleficent . knotgrass come down ! thistlewit you be not allow to fly above the Queen ! this only make maleficent fly even higher . 12 on maleficent she soar high up , burst through the cloud . then she fold she wing and plummet straight down again , through the crowded procession . faery flutter out of she way . she fall almost to the ground before she wing open and she soar up again . King kinloch and Queen ulla be not pleased . kinloch we have to do something about she . ext . the faerie mound - evening 12 the procession approach a large grassy hillock . the King and Queen land on the mound follow by the other . the faery be all the size of SMALL human with delicate , point ear and tiny refine feature . ulla step onto a low flat stone which lead to she throne like a step stone . as she step up on it , the stone , emit a contented purr . the King sit on he throne next to hers . a back - wind stir the air briskly as maleficent land on the mound among the faery . she stand head and shoulder above they . her wing loom above she head . she seem like a large , untamed bat among finch . kinloch fold you wing . the faery fold they tiny wing . maleficent have trouble get hers to obey . the three pixie smirk and giggle . ulla maleficent ! maleficent yes , you majesty . ulla step forward . maleficent try to take a step , but one wing be catch under the foot of another faerie . she tug it out and step forward . she hunch uncomfortably as all eye turn on she . ulla no one fly above I . maleficent yes , you majesty . knotgrass whisper to the other pixie . knotgrass it 's that wing . she can not control they . one of maleficent 's wing lash out and knock flittle down . ulla maleficent ! she grab it and pull it in closely . ulla Control you wing . or you will be punish . step back , maleficent . maleficent step back . the other give she a wide berth . ulla the King and I have just return from a visit with the human King Henry . like all human , he 's easily impressed . kinloch all we have to do be show he a little magic , and he shower we with gift . serve faery fly in with trays of human-made cake , milk , wine , etc . the faery partake eagerly . ulla it 's the beginning of a beautiful friendship . ulla frown to see a wingless boy about maleficent 's age in the crowd . ulla what be he do here ? kinloch be embarrassed to see he . stefan be the illegitimate son of King kinloch and a human woman . kinloch I be sorry , my love . ( to the Boy ) leave the Queen 's circle , boy . the boy do not move . stefan no , sir . kinloch leave the circle ! stefan I have a right to be here . ulla you have no rights at all , halfling . you have no magic . you have no wing ... maleficent but he 's the King 's son . ulla gasp . the faery go silent . kinloch choke out the word . kinloch I ... have no son . maleficent you do not have to pretend . it 's no secret . everyone know that ... ulla maleficent ! ulla 's mortify at the public humiliation . she fix maleficent in a smolder furious glare . the three pixie draw away to be out of the line of fire . ulla ever since that tragic night that you be bear , I have try to find the good in you . I have try for my sister 's sake . she break down briefly . the King touch she hand . ulla but I have fail because there be no good in you . you be a devilish thing ! you be bear that way . 13 she abruptly wave she hand at maleficent . she 's struck by violent magic which knock she to she knee . ulla you will wear this for a hundred year so all can see you true nature . the magic dissipate to reveal a pair of large black horn embed in the top of maleficent 's head . the faery draw back in shock . maleficent slowly reach up to feel they . horror cross she face . maleficent no ! she try to pull they off . the faery shock give way to smile and smirk . maleficent pull and strain . but the horn be firmly embed . the pixie laugh . flittle laugh so hard , she suck in one of she ever - present butterfly and choke . maleficent lock eye with stefan briefly . he look horrify and guilty . CUT to : ext . the moor - later 13 maleficent walk through a shade grove . her head be bow from the weight of the horn . she approach a pond with water faeries . frightened by the sight of she , they dive quickly into the water . she continue on . two small human -headed horse run off when they see she come . she shrug it off and continue on . stefan appear out of the shadow . stefan maleficent ? she abruptly turn and go the other way . he run around to stand in front of she . maleficent go away . stefan I want to talk to you . maleficent I do not want to talk to you ! one of she wing lash out and knock he to the ground . he look up at she . stefan I just want to thank you for stand up for I . maleficent a lot of good it do I ! she sit down on a rock . he get up and sit next to she . stefan I be sorry about the ... he indicate the horn . stefan Queen ulla be a tyrant . maleficent I know ... they sit in silence for a moment . stefan I like you wing . maleficent you do ? stefan I wish I have some . maleficent I do not blame you . she hold a wing out for he to touch . he hesitates . maleficent they do not bite . he stroke the soft feather . 14 10 . ext . a meadow - day 14 the pixie gambol in the meadow . be and hummingbird flit from flower to flower . thistlewit spin around . wisp of she hair fly off like dandelion seed . knotgrass run through the meadow trail she hand in the low grass . the grass grow tall in she wake . flittle and thistlewit study a blue flower . thistlewit what color will you make the blue - bell this year ? flittle just look at she . another part of the meadow maleficent walk with stefan . her wing drag on the ground . they flap with irritation which cause she to fly up . stefan grab she . stefan you be drift . he pull she down to the ground . maleficent they be not happy when we walk . the pixie see they approach . flittle maleficent . that horn be perfect on you . knotgrass step on maleficent 's trail wing . she stumble forward . stefan leave she alone . flittle go live with human , halfling . maleficent whirl around angrily . her wing arch above she head . 15 16 11 . maleficent I be a halfling too ! call I a halfling . go ahead ! they shrink back from she . she grab stefan . maleficent never mind they . they keep walk . knotgrass ( 0.s ) you kill you mother . maleficent stop , stricken by the word . she look up . the pixie hover overhead . they drop rock and mud down on they . maleficent use she wing to protect stefan . maleficent stay here . she open she wing . the pixie scream and fly away . maleficent go after they . ext . the sky - day 15 maleficent chase the pixie like a hawk after sparrow . they scream . ext . a pond - day 16 Queen ulla and the King sit on the bank Water faery perform aquatic acrobatics for they . they eat cake and drink milk from flower teacup . the three pixie fly toward they , scream , with maleficent right behind they . the pixie hide behind the King and Queen . but maleficent keep come in a fury . ulla stop right there ! ulla throw magic at she . maleficent 's wing buckle and she fall . she hit the ground hard . ulla you see how devilish you be ? I blame you father . 12 . knotgrass she deserve to wear the horn . ulla yes , she do . ( to maleficent ) admit you deserve they . maleficent why should I ? ulla I ’1l1 clip you wing if you do not . maleficent you would not ! ulla oh , but I would . maleficent drop she head . she force the word out bitterly . maleficent I deserve to wear the horn . ulla for a hundred year . maleficent for a hundred year . ulla now get out of my sight ! maleficent open she wing to fly . ulla walk ! she fold they and walk away , head bow , wing trail on the ground . 17 ext . the blackthorn tree - later 17 maleficent and stefan sit in a high branch together . maleficent I do not kill my mother . she die the night I be bear . 18 13 . stefan I know . everyone do . who 's you father ? maleficent the Red cap . stefan him ? no wonder you be so ... she give he a sharp look . maleficent what ? Wild , dark , strange , dangerous . stefan tall . but she know perfectly well that 's not what he mean . she see something off , dismay . maleficent oh no , the rowan . on a rowan tree - her Pov the trunk of the tree have be split by lightning . maleficent she will not live . hold onto I . she put she arm around he waist and leap from the tree . stefan 's thrilled as they fly to the ground . ext . the rowan tree - day 18 maleficent stand in front of the wounded tree . she close she eye . sweat drip down she forehead as magic flow from she to the tree . stefan watch , fascinate and envious . gradually , the split trunk mend itself . but the process take something essential from maleficent . she collapse against the tree trunk . dissolve to : 19 20 14 . ext . the moor - year later 19 close on the horn one large horn , ringed and scar , be rubbed vigorously against a tree trunk . it fall off . we hear a gasp of surprise . the other horn be rubbed just as vigorously . it fall off . on maleficent she 's grow into a dark mysterious beauty . she rub the place on she head where the horn have be . stefan approach . he 's become a handsome young man . stefan there you be ! I have news . maleficent Queen ulla dead . stefan how do you know ? she nod at the horn on the ground . maleficent her spell be break . she pick they up and throw they as far as she can . ext . the loch - dusk 20 the Fair people stand silently on the bank of the loch watch four black swan carry the funeral bier across the water and into the set sun . the pixie stand on the bank with the other . flittle and thistlewit whisper . thistlewit who will be Queen now ? flittle no one know . she have no heir . knotgrass the Stone know . thistlewit what stone ? 21 22 15 . knotgrass the Queen 's Stone . anyone who wish to be queen step on the Stone . if she be false , it growl . if she be the one true Queen , it will it roar like a lion . understand ? thistlewit study she face . thistlewit you have green in you eyebrow . I never notice that before . knotgrass look skyward . knotgrass why do I waste my breath ? close on the stone a faerie foot land on the Queen 's Stone . it growl . ext . the faerie mound - day 21 a female faerie step off quickly . another female step up . the Stone growls again . kinloch shake he head . ext . a pond - day 22 maleficent lean down to look at she reflection . she pull she hair back where the horn use to be . she turn , admire herself without they . stefan what be you do ? maleficent ( embarrassed ) nothing . stefan you be admire yourself . she see that he 's carry a satchel . maleficent where be you go ? 16 . stefan to the human castle . maleficent why ? stefan I have hear so much about it . I want to see for myself . a sudden feel of dread overcome she . maleficent do not go there , stefan . stefan you be not curious about human ? maleficent not at all . stefan maleficent you would be . stefan ( defensively ) what be that suppose to mean ? maleficent you be half human . there 's no shame in it . stefan I be go then . she pick dead leave from a tree branch as if she do not care . maleficent have a good time . he do not go . stefan it 's a long way if I have to walk ... on foot . maleficent how else be you go to walk ? on you ear ? 23 24 25 17 . stefan maleficent , will you take I to the human castle ? maleficent no . stefan please ? she sigh . she can not say " no " to he . ext . the sky - on the wing 23 maleficent and stefan fly entwine , arm tightly wrap around each other 's waist . stefan 's face be fill with the joy of flight , maleficent 's with the joy of be close to he . ext . the cloud - day 24 they fly through a thick layer of cloud cover . a stone wall suddenly loom in front of they . maleficent veer up , but they foot hit the edge and they fall onto a hard unfamiliar surface . pull back to reveal ... ext . king henry 's castle - the turret 25 they have fall onto the high battlement of the King Henry 's castle . maleficent look around uneasily . stefan run he hand over the stone . stefan look at the way the stone fit together perfectly . it 's ingenious . maleficent it 's unnatural . she touch the wall and shudder . maleficent the stone be dead . 26 27 18 . int . the tower step - day 26 she follow stefan down the step , grab the iron railing as she go . she gasp and pull she hand away . maleficent do not touch the rail ! it 's iron ! stefan tentatively touch it . stefan I hardly feel anything , just a little sting . she look at she palm . the flesh have be burn . he run down the step , touch the railing briefly as he go . maleficent tuck she hand in she robe . her wing draw themselves up to avoid the iron railing as well . int . the great hall - day 27 they enter . the hall be crowded with human and faery . there 's food , drink , music and merry -making . faery perform aerial acrobatics . other make rainbow and bring flower to bloom for the child . the human gasp and exclaim with delight . maleficent be appal by what she see . maleficent what be this ? stefan wander off , intrigue . maleficent look up at the high arched ceiling , feel trap . ominous iron filigree hang all around . she move through the hall , become more dismay . the pixie have all grow up as well . but they be still immature and idiotic . flittle speak to a group of human . flittle I be in charge of Blue . it 's a big responsibility . woman in yellow dress can you turn my dress blue ? flittle squeeze she eye shut and touch she yellow dress . it turn blue . 19 . woman in yellow dress hmm . I like it better yellow . turn it back , please . flittle I do not make yellow . I only make blue . woman in yellow dress turn it back ! fluster , flittle close she eye and reach for the dress , but accidentally touch the woman 's hand . it promptly turn blue . the woman gasp . flittle oh dear . that 's not what I ... I be terribly sorry ... let I fix . she squeeze she eye shut again and reach out , brush the woman 's face . it turn blue . the woman scream . panicked , flittle rush away . maleficent feel someone tug at she wing . it 's a human boy . she jerk they away . the boy keep touch she wing . maleficent do not touch the wing . human boy you be mean ! what magic can you do ? maleficent this . she waggle she finger and walk away . the boy gasp . his finger have grow together so he can not pull he hand apart . she walk up to stefan who 's chat with princess leah . maleficent we be leave now . stefan what 's wrong ? maleficent what 's wrong ? look around ! this be a embarrassment . 20 . leah do not be silly . it 's all in fun . maleficent look at she sharply . maleficent who be you ? leah I be princess leah . maleficent I have be accuse of be a lot of thing , but " silly " be not one of they . be not that right , stefan ? stefan ( nervously ) maybe we should talk over here . he try to pull she away . maleficent this may come as a surprise to you , princess , but we do not exist to serve the human rabble . stefan maleficent ! he pull she away . stefan this people be we friend . maleficent Friends ? they be use we ! I be leave . be you come ? she see the somber look on he face . maleficent stefan ? stefan I be nothing there . my own father have disown I . her heart sink as she realize . maleficent you be not come back . 21 . stefan I could have a future here . maleficent you never intend to . stefan maleficent ... she turn she back on he abruptly and walk away . 28 int . a hallway - evening 28 she hurry down the hall , struggle against the tear . in she distress , she can not find she way out . she hear voice . king henry ( 0.s. ) it 's a shame we lose the little Queen . she be so easy to manipulate . the word cut through she distress . she turn back to listen . king 's advisor what do she die of ? king henry Old age . it 's hard to believe she be over three hundred year old . king 's advisor what about the King ? king henry he will not give we any trouble . she look through the crack at the door . 29 int . a room - night 29 the King be talk with he advisor . king henry now that we have they trust , we can ask for anything we want . king 's advisor they 's 11 make we rich . 30 king henry even better . we can use they against we enemy . king 's advisor they be too unpredictable for that . there 's no way to control they . king henry they have a weakness . king 's advisor what 's that ? king henry Iron . at the door , maleficent react with alarm . king henry I discover it by accident . then curiosity get the best of I and I try it out on a few of they . king 's advisor I would have like to have see that . king henry some be burn . some die . I be impressed with they stamina . they 's 11 make good soldier for we . 22 . the door slam open . maleficent storm in with murder in she eye . her wing knock the advisor down . she slam Henry against the wall , loom over he like a dark avenge angel . he cower fearfully . maleficent if you touch another one of we , I x11 kill you ! she release he and storm out . the King fall to the floor , tremble and humiliate . int . the great hall - night maleficent return to the hall . she look for stefan . still talk with princess leah . 30 he 's 23 . maleficent stefan ! stefan I think you have go . maleficent we have to get we people out of here . stefan what be you talk about ? maleficent the King be plan to use iron against we . he look at she skeptically . stefan why be you do this ? maleficent do you hear what I say ? stefan why must you turn everyone you meet into a enemy ? she back away , shocked by he attitude . she see guard come in . she hurry through the hall speak quietly to the faery . maleficent get out . go back to the moor . you be not safe here . some hurry away . some stay . everyone 's confuse . Henry 's wife , queen mary stand with the pixie . queen mary who be that ? knotgrass it 's just maleficent . never mind she . flittle she be bear to cause trouble . the King run into the Hall . he point at maleficent . 31 32 24 . king henry that one ! the guard run toward she . she look at stefan . they eye meet briefly . then she open she wing and fly out the window . ext . the skie - night - on the wing 31 she fly , wing beat furiously . tear stream down she face . ext . the faerie mound - night 32 kinloch yawn as more female faery line up to try they luck with the Stone . it growls every time . maleficent land on the mound . maleficent kinloch ! call we people back from the human 's castle . kinloch why would I do that ? maleficent they king be plotting against we . kinloch that 's absurd . Henry be we friend . maleficent be he ? he know what iron can do . he 's already use it against we . kinloch I do not believe you . maleficent I hear he myself ! kinloch but you be a know liar . maleficent I have no reason to lie ! 33 34 35 25 . kinloch enough , maleficent ! you have cause nothing but pain and heartbreak since the day you be bear ! he wave he hand in a circle . a STORM cloud appear above she head . Thunder crack and she 's pelt with hard , cold rain . she back away with the rain pour down on she . ext . the sky - on the wing 33 she fly furiously out of the moor and over the human farmland . but she can not get away from the storm cloud . she fly until she 's exhaust . ext . a large tree - day 34 maleficent land on a long branch where she sit , gasp and furious . the private rain storm still pelt she . on a crop field - her Pov a large raven sit on the head of a scarecrow . two farmer throw rock at he . angry farmer get off ! the raven leisurely preens its feather as the rock fly around it . finally , a rock hit its target . the raven squawk and fly to the tree . the large tree the raven land next to maleficent . she glare at it . it glare back at she . they stew in silence . after a moment it hop over on the branch so it will not get wet . CUT to : ext . the moor - a ruined castle - dusk 35 crumble wall be all that 's leave of a ancient castle , swathed in thick moor mist . maleficent stand before the ruin . the rain cloud be go . 26 . maleficent I need you help . she hear guttural breathe and the scratch of claw . something large approach . the mist stir . maleficent wait . in a moment , a man walk out of the mist . he hold a heavy staff . he 's even taller than maleficent and fiercely handsome with dark malevolent eye . he wear a wear red cap that color of blood . maleficent look very much like he . maleficentas father take the throne yourself . maleficent you know why I have come . maleficentas father I be always watch . you 'il have to kill kinloch . maleficent I can not do that . maleficentas father where do this conscience of yours come from ? it do not serve you . you mother be burden by it too . his dark eye soften briefly to think of she . maleficentas father if you want to save you friend ... although I do not know why you would after all they have do to you ... maleficent I be the only one who know what this human Henry be plan . I can not stand by and let he use we like servant and slave ! maleficentas father then act ! do what must be do . but you will be hate for it . maleficent that 's nothing new . maleficentas father then unleash yourself . make I proud . he step back . the mist swallow he up . 36 37 38 27 . CUT to : ext . a peat bog - night 36 maleficent stand at the edge of the muddy bog . she close she eye . sweat drip down she forehead as magic flow from she to the bog . it begin to bubble and boil . something large move around in the mud . one by one , five creature crawl from the bog . her guard be large , dour and ugly with leathern wing , long arm that drag the ground and foot turn backwards . as the last one crawl out , maleficent sag from exhaustion . CUT to : ext . the moor - night - on the wing 37 maleficent fly low to the ground follow by she guard . she search for something on the ground . she see what she 's look for , scoops they up , and fly on . ext . the faerie mound - night 38 the faery be still line up to stand on the Stone . other entertain themselves with human object : comb , brushes , mirror , etc . maleficent land on the mound . maleficent I want my turn on the Stone . she walk toward it with determination . the faery scramble to get out of she way . faerie king kinloch stop right there ! stop ! she step up onto the Queen 's Stone . it scream in protest so loud the faery cringe and hold they ear . faerie king kinloch step off ! step off ! but maleficent hold she ground . her guard land on the mound . the Stone still scream . she motion to kinloch . they pull he off the throne and drag he away . maleficent step off the Queen 's Stone . its stop scream abruptly . 39 40 28 . maleficent plant herself firmly on the throne . her guard take they place beside she . she take out the horn she retrieve from the ground . she replace they on she head and sit back confidently . Queen maleficent . maleficent no one leave the moor for the human world . not now . not ever . ext . the human farmland - the next day 39 the three pixie fly toward the moor carry gift from the human . as they approach the faerie path , it light on FIRE . flame shoot skyward in front of the pixie . they draw back . after a moment the flame dissipate . thistlewit what be that ? knotgrass sudden inexplicable flame from nowhere . they fly forward and smack into a invisible wall . they fall into the grass , drop they loot . thistlewit get up and try to fly forward again . she hit the invisible barrier and fall again . she try yet again , and fall . knotgrass it 's a bind spell . flittle we can not pass . thistlewit keep fly at the barrier like a angry bee . they drag she away . int . the great hall - day 40 King Henry and Queen Mary look out over the banquet hall . king henry where be all my Fair folk ? queen mary they have go save for that three . the pixie sit at the table eat milk and cake . 29 . king henry you three . approach . the pixie come forward . he wait for they to bow . Queen Mary whisper helpfully . queen mary bow to you King . they look at each other ... should we ? knotgrass shrug . they bow . flittle feel someone stare at she . she look up to see the woman with the blue face glaring at she . flittle step behind thistlewit to hide . king henry can you spin straw into gold ? knotgrass no . king henry can you conjure up a storm ? flittle no . king henry what can you do ? blue - bell we be flower pixie . thistlewit we brighten you day with cheery blossum and bloom . they flit around , bring all the wilted flower and bouquet back to life . the King and Queen consult . king henry we need better one . queen mary ( to the pixie ) where be all you friend ? knotgrass someone put out a bind spell along the path . none of we can pass through . 30 . king henry who would do such a thing ? queen mary it must be that tall bad - tempere one with the evil name ... malafisis . king henry do you know she ? they shake they head vigorously . flittle she 's no friend of ours . knotgrass spot stefan strolling with the princess . she point . knotgrass but he know she very well . king henry you there ... young man ! stefan look over and indicate ...me ? king henry approach . stefan look at the princess . she smile encouragingly . stefan approach King Henry . he bow . king henry what be you name , son ? stefan stefan . king henry I have not see you before . where be you from ? stefan the moor . queen mary no one life there but the Fair folk . they look stefan over : no point ear , no wing . 31 . king henry you be not ... stefan no , sir . I be as human as you be . thistlewit make a choke sound . stefan glare at she . queen mary you must be a changel then . king henry changel ? queen mary he be take from he cradle as a infant and raise by the Fair folk . stefan do not deny it . king henry then you can be of use . do you know of the evil fairie name mafil ... macif ... stefan maleficent . king henry you do know she . stefan I do . king henry well ? stefan yes . Henry throw he arm over stefan 's shoulder . king henry you be a good look fellow . I can see my daughter have take quite a like to you . stefan 's eye fill with possibility . King Henry steer he away . the pixie watch all this curiously . thistlewit I do not know stefan be a changel . I think he be a halfling . 41 32 . knotgrass he be a halfling . but Queen Mary think he 's a changel . thistlewit maybe he 's half a changel . knotgrass he 's not half a changel . he 's a whole halfling . thistlewit blink . thistlewit I be confuse . knotgrass of course you be . they move off . flittle almost run into the Blue Lady who glare angrily . she hurry off with the other . ext . the moor - a rocky stream - night 41 maleficent walk near a stream follow by she guard . the sound of the babbling stream become babbling voice . stream faery ( 0.s. ) the Stone scream . stream faery ( 0.s. ) she have no right to the throne . stream faery ( 0.s. ) she be wrong to make herself Queen . she hear they but keep walk . her guard growl and run toward the stream faery . maleficent leave they alone . the guard turn back reluctantly . they keep follow she , breathe down she neck . maleficent and stop follow I ! they stop . she continue on alone . 42 43 44 45 33 . ext . a dark pond - night 42 maleficent sit on a rock eat black nut , feel more alone than ever . a long GREEN arm emerge from the pond and reach for she ankle . maleficent touch I and you will draw back a shrivel stump . the Green woman 's arm retreat back to the pond . ext . the faerie path - day 43 the once - green faerie path be now a long black line of demarcation between the wild moor and King Henry 's human domain . ext . the road - day 44 stefan sit in a wagon next to a driver . King Henry 's castle be visible in the distance behind he . ext . near the farm - day 45 the shepherd , he wife and son stand at the place where the faerie path cross the road . the sheep stand in a huddle , oddly silent . the Farmer whistle for the colly who lay in the farm house yard . the shepherd do you hear I boy ? come up . the dog whine but do not budge . stefan and the driver approach in the wagon . the horse whinny and rear . stefan 's driver whoa ! the shepherd you horse will not cross it . the shepherd point to the burn and blacken path . stefan look up . the bird fly straight up and down there like fish in a tank . 46 34 . the shepherd the Fair folk have put a curse on we . the shepherd 's wife I can not think why . I put out milk and cake for they every day . stefan ( to the driver ) I 'il walk from here . stefan get off with a knapsack . the driver turn the wagon around . stefan step up to the faerie path and study it . stefan ( to the shepherd ) can you cross it ? he and he family step back , fearfully . the shepherd we do not dare . the boy at night , we see a horn bird with a head of a woman fly in the sky . shepherd 's wife she have a host of goblin behind she . stefan try to step across . it take a effort for he to push through the invisible barrier . then something give way and he stumble onto the other side . ext . the faerie side of the path 46 stefan look around , astound by the sudden difference in the color and lushness of the countryside surround he . the shepherd and he family wave to he from the other side . the shepherd good luck to you ! the boy watch out for the evil Bird woman ! he start off , follow the black line of the faerie path into the wild moor beyond . 47 48 49 35 . ext . the faerie mound - evening 47 maleficent sit on the throne , surround by she ugly slaver guard . they scratch and snarl like mangy dog . maleficent have she chin in she hand , feel very alone . she hear something and sit up abruptly . maleficent quiet ! she listen . a voice on the wind be call she name . stefan ( 0.s. ) maleficent ! ext . the moor - evening 48 stefan stand on a high hill above the moorland which sweep away below he . stefan maleficent ! he squint as he see something in the distant sky . what appear to be a horn bird with very large wing soar toward he . he watch as maleficent fly closer . his face be a mixture of joy and regret . ext . the hill - dusk 49 maleficent land on the hill . they face fill with emotion to see each other again . maleficent I know you do not belong in the human world . stefan oh , I belong there , more than I do here . maleficent then why do you come back ? stefan I miss you too much . her heart leap . 36 . maleficent you miss I ? stefan I love you , maleficent ... I always have ... he take she chin in he hand and kiss she . her eye close and she fall back in a swoon ... off the hilltop . he look over . 50 ext . the faerie mound 50 her guard look up to see they leader do giddy air loop in the distance . they frown and grunt with disapproval . 51 ext . a river bank - night 51 maleficent and stefan sit under the shelter of she wing , talk softly . stefan I have to admit there be some thing that human do better than we do . maleficent I can not imagine what . stefan food for one thing . he open he backpack and take food out . stefan bread , cheese , honey cider ... he pour a bit of cider into he cup . he offer she some . she push it away . maleficent nothing human for I . stefan you do not know what you be miss . maleficent I be perfectly happy with what we have . 37 . she tip a large red blood Rose that bloom on a twist vine . Red dew drop into she mouth . stefan I wonder what it would taste like if we mix the two together ? he tip the blood Rose into he cup . stefan the best of both world . he swirl it around and take a sip . stefan not bad . he take another teeny sip . maleficent consider . give in , she hold out she hand for the cup , but he hold it back . stefan nothing human for you . they tussle over the cup . she grab it out of he hand and take a big gulp . he wait for the verdict . she take another drink , consider . maleficent it 's dreadful . he laugh . she smile at he . Love shine through she whole be . maleficent promise I you will never leave again . stefan never . they lay back against the tree together . maleficent I want this moment to last forever . stefan we have forever . she close she eye , drift off . but she open they , suddenly panicked . maleficent stefan ? 52 53 54 38 . stefan yes ? maleficent I be afraid you have go . stefan still here . she sigh with contentment and close she eye again . ext . the river bank - later 52 maleficent have fall into a deep unnatural slumber . stefan sit beside she . stefan maleficent . he shake she shoulder roughly . stefan maleficent ! she do not stir . he take a long thin iron chain from he pack . he hold it over she . his hand tremble . his face be wrack with emotion . he shake he head and drop he hand . after a moment , he lift the chain again ... CUT to : ext . the river bank - dawn 53 maleficent groan from pain . she sit up and shake she head to clear the thick sleep . the pain on she back be intense . she look around for stefan , then reach over she shoulder . her finger touch a long cauterize burn where she wing use to be . on the shock and horror in she eye we : CUT to : ext . human farmland 54 stefan run down the road carry a large bundle on he back . the driver sit in the wagon nearby . he jump off to help he load the bundle . maleficent ( 0.s. ) aaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhh ! 55 56 57 58 39 . her anguished outraged wail echoe down the hill and across the moorland . stefan look up . at the sound , the burlap bundle shift and struggle . stefan I should not have do it . the driver it 's too late now . they lash the bundle down and quickly drive away . ext . the river bank - day 55 maleficent thrashes around , try to reach the painful wound . she plunge into the river . the water faeries retreat , watch with huge fearful eye . maleficent climb out and run , delirious from the agonizing pain . ext . the moor - day 56 she run to escape the pain . at the top of a high hill , she leap into the air forget in she delirium , that she no longer have wing . she fall , crash down the hill to the bottom where she lie , gasp and bloody . as she lay there , she look up at the bird fly overhead . her pain and heartbreak be unspeakable . ext . king henry 's castle - day 57 the drawbridge open for stefan 's wagon . int . king henry 's castle - day 58 stefan stand with King Henry . the bundle lay at he foot , no longer move . stefan I could not kill she . so I take this instead . he draw back the burlap . the large black wing be tie with heavy rope . fascinate , King Henry lean down for a closer look . the wing struggle , startling he . he leap back . 59 40 . stefan her wing have always have a mind of they own . king henry will she want revenge for this ? stefan absolutely . but she 's hobble now . the Fair people will not follow a wingless leader . king henry brilliant , son . you have serve I well . stefan and the other thing ? Henry sigh . he have no choice . king henry I x11 tell the Queen to prepare for a wedding . stefan nod . whatever guilt he feel have be sweep aside by ambition . ext . the moor - night 59 maleficent still lie in the place she fall . something have leave she forever : hope , belief , the capacity for love . maleficentas father get up , maleficent . she open she eye . her father stand over she , hold he staff . maleficent 's father this pain be a gift . you can use it to grow stronger than you ever be . she close she eye again . maleficentas father or you can lay here and die . he drop he staff at she side and walk away . 60 61 62 41 . a long moment pass before she finger feel for the staff . she use it to pull herself to she foot . a wolf howl . lean on the staff , she see a large silver wolf on a distant hill . it turn and disappear into the mist . ext . the faerie path - near the farm 60 use the staff as a crutch , maleficent limp across the blacken faerie path . her eye be fill with hatred . she limp past the farmer 's house and paddock . as she pass , the gate open . the sheep run out . she walk through the middle of human crop field . the crop wither on the vine in she wake . ext . the farmland - various - time passage 61 the weather change . Cloud move across the sky . maleficent still walk . but she 's stronger now . she stand more upright , lean less on the staff . dry stone wall collapse where she staff hit the ground . she walk with a stronger stride . the staff be no longer a crutch . she plant it on the ground near a barn and farmhouse . the ground shake violently . the structure collapse . farmer , family and animal run out . she stand near a town . she lift the staff . Storm cloud suddenly move in . a high wind blow . lightn hit the church steeple . ext . a hill - evening 62 maleficent stand on a hill , overlook she path of destruction . nothing build of human hand remain stand . she seem stronger than ever . her gaze be intense and fierce , all weakness go . she smile for the first time since stefan take she wing . but there 's a hard glint in she eye that be not there before . CUT to : 63 64 42 . int . maleficent 's retreat - dusk 63 maleficent sleep in a dark place in the wood near crop field . she open she eye at the sound of bird . she look up to watch the bird ride the wind in the sky above . she 's lose in bittersweet memory briefly . diaval ( 0.s. ) awk ! ext . a farmer 's field - her Pov 64 the raven from year earlier , sit on a stalk study a pile of ripe corn on the ground . it fly down and snatch a ear . a heavy net fall over he . angry farmer # 1 get he ! the raven struggle to escape . diaval awk ! awk ! the two farmer approach with heavy club . from she retreat , maleficent watch the human hatefully . the farmer advance on the bird , raise they club ... maleficent ( 0.s. ) now a man . the raven transform into a man . diaval find himself on the ground in a naked human body . the farmer be stunne . diaval throw off the net and climb to he foot unsteadily . angry farmer it 's a devil ! diaval grab the club and swing at they . diaval I be the devil ! I come from hell for you ! the frighten farmer run . diaval drop the club and look at he human body with dismay . as a man , diaval be black - irish with silky black hair and dark eye . his voice have a rich , melodic irish lilt . 43 . he also have a touch of vanity and he 's prone to preen . maleficent step out of the shadow . diaval what have you do to my beautiful self ? maleficent would you rather I let they beat you to death ? he lift he wingless arm and look down at he naked body . diaval I be not certain . maleficent stop complain . I save you life . diaval forgive I . I be in you debt . she toss he a cape to cover himself . he look she over . diaval what happen to you wing ? maleficent you remember I . diaval they be magnificent . maleficent you x11 be my wing now . 65 int . henry 's castle - the hall - day 65 King Henry rant and rave at stefan . king henry you say they would return ! stefan I never say ... king henry you say they would not follow a wingless leader ! 66 67 68 44 . stefan the bind spell be still in place . king henry I do not want excuse ! I should be rich and control of all the land ! instead , my kingdom be in ruin ! he wave toward the open window . stefan glance out . ext . the countryside - there Pov 66 the crop be dead . the human structure be destroy as if a tornado have come through . int . the tower - the same view 67 the pixie stand on the tower battlement look out . butterfly swarm around flittle 's head . flittle do you think maleficent do this ? knotgrass who else could it be ? thistlewit why would she do it ? flittle she 's evil for evil 's sake . thistlewit what do that mean ? knotgrass she do not need a reason . int . the tower stair - day 68 they go down the wind stair to a small landing . they go through one door , then down another set of stair . they turn in a circle , confuse . flittle where be we ? 69 45 . knotgrass this way . thistlewit no , this way . she open the door . she gasp at what she see inside . she stumble back into the other two . they lose they foot and all fall , scream , down the stair . int . the great hall - day 69 king henry I should have know not to trust someone who be raise by elve ! stefan Fair people . king henry if you do not do something about that evil witch ... stefan she 's not a witch . king henry I give you my daughter 's hand . I make you next in line to my throne . if you do not do something , I x11 annul the marriage and throw you in the dungeon ! the pixie tumble into the room and land in a pile on the floor . flittle 's butterfly scatter in the air . king henry get that useless imbecile out of my ...! one of the butterfly fly into he mouth . he suck it in , gag and choke . the faery giggle . Henry stagger , try to breathe . his crown fall onto the floor . stefan 's eye fill with a dark realization . he wave the pixie away . knotgrass and flittle grab thistlewit and run out . Henry 's face be turn purple . stefan lean down . Henry think he 's go to help he . but stefan merely pick up the fall crown and walk out . 70 46 . on the window diaval the raven have see the whole thing . he fly away . ext . stefan 's forest - later 70 maleficent pace in a clear . diaval , the man , have finish tell she what he witness . maleficent and now he 'il be king . he do this to I so he could be king ! she scream with frustration and rage . white FIRE erupt from she . a nearby tree burst into flame . the flame sweep from one tree to the next . she 's so lose in she fury , she do not realize she 's set the tree on fire . diaval mistress ! you do not know what you be do ! this be not what you want ! mistress ! his word get through . her anger fade and now she see the tree burn . maleficent no ... she close she eye . with a supreme effort , she draw the flame back into herself . she close she robe , snuffing they out , then fall to she knee , exhaust . smoke rise from she . she look up , aghast to see the ruin tree . she close she eye again . New magic flow from she to the tree . New bark grow , new green leave sprout . soon , they be as beautiful as they be . she stand up , renew , as if a deep catharsis have occur . maleficent come , diaval . I have be go too long . he land on she shoulder . 71 47 . ext . the faerie mound - night 71 kinloch and a group of faery attempt to retake the throne while maleficent 's guard be sleep . but they wake up , slaver and snarling . kinloch throw magic at they , but it have no effect . the guard advance on they . the large guard throw kinloch to the ground and step on he , laugh . the other grab faery and toss they into the air like rag doll or attempt to pull they wing off like cruel child . the faery scream . maleficent ( 0.s. ) stop ! the Guards drop the faery and look around nervously . maleficent stand in the shadow with diaval on she shoulder . she set the horn on she head , then gather she courage and step boldly into view . kinloch maleficent . she set she jaw and walk through the astonished faery toward the throne . a faerie where be she wing ? another faerie she 's lose she wing . she face the large guard who stand between she and the throne . she wave he out of she way . maleficent move . he spit at she . brackish ooze roll down she cheek . the fearies pull back nervously . she move to grab he , but he fly up into the air . the other Guards fly up and circle she from above . diaval awk ! he start to fly up to defend she . 72 48. maleficent diaval . she wave he away . she look up at she own minion circle above . they drop down , claw extend , scream like banshee . she fight they with white fire and sheer power of will . finally , all the five guard lay on the ground at she foot ... subdued but alive . gasp and bloody from the fight , she walk past they and step onto the Queen 's Stone on she way to the throne . the Stone scream , startling she . she stumble off , then turn back to it , angrily . maleficent I have have enough of that . she hold she staff out over the Stone and slowly raise it . the Stone be uproote from the ground . it hang in the air . she make a motion with she staff . the Stone be flung away . it land with a heavy thud somewhere in the far distance . she sit down on the throne . diaval land on she shoulder . maleficent anyone else want to challenge I ? no one say a word . ext . the moor - a stream - day 72 maleficent bathes in the cold water . diaval land on a tree branch nearby . maleficent wash she back and find one of the long raise scar . her finger linger there . maleficent cover herself with she cape as she emerge from the water . she wave she hand . maleficent now a man . diaval transform into a man hide by bush . she toss he a small bag of clothes she carry for he . maleficent tell I . diaval emerge , fully clothed . he 's nervous about deliver the news . 49 . diaval King stefan and Queen leah have have a child . the news she have be dread . maleficent oh bless day . have they name the little beast ? diaval aurora . maleficent the dawn . how clever . diaval they be have a christen soon . maleficent and you do not bring my invitation ? 73 ext . king stefan 's castle - day 73 people dress in formal attire approach the castle . festive flag fly . 74 int . the great hall - day 74 people fill the hall . stefan and leah greet the well wisher . knotgrass , flittle and thistlewit enter . stefan not that three ! leah be gracious , stefan . they have magical gift for we child . stefan I do not want any butter - fly around the baby ! the pixie stand over the baby 's bassinet . Old Queen Mary attend she . knotgrass reach in and touch the baby 's forehead . 50 . knotgrass sweet aurora , I give you the gift of beauty . flittle reach in to touch the baby . flittle dear child , you will ... she notice the Blue Lady in the crowd . flittle ... never be blue but happy all the day of you life . it 's thistlewit turn . a door bang open . wind whistle through . thunder crack and maleficent be there . diaval fly in and perches on she shoulder . stefan maleficent ! he 's suddenly very afraid . maleficent so stefan , you be king at last . it 's what you always want . you would have do anything ... well , you do . stefan you be not welcome here . maleficent and I be deeply offended by that . ( to leah ) ah ... the lovely leah . but where be the child ? you must be so proud . stefan stay away from she maleficent oh stefan ... do you really think I would harm a innocent babe ? I only want to view the little creature . the pixie stand in front of the bassinet protectively . maleficent laugh . maleficent you three ! well , there 's fierce protection ! out of my way , gnat ! 51 . she blow at they . a fierce wind blow they back . part of thistlewit 's hair be blow off . she grab she head , aghast . maleficent pull aside the drapery and lean over the bassinet . baby aurora be as adorable as baby get . as she look at the baby , jealousy fill she heart . the old anger and revenge rise up in she again . she look at stefan as if it be only the two of they in the room . maleficent you steal something precious from I . and now , you owe I something precious in return . stefan what be you go to do ? maleficent take what I be owed . stefan Guards ! they start to run toward she , but maleficent hold she staff up . they freeze , mid-step . maleficent calm down . I be not go to steal you baby . I merely want to give she a gift . she look down at the baby again . maleficent the child will , indeed , be bless with beauty and happiness all the day of she brief human life . leah do you say ... brief ? maleficent enjoy you little girl while you can , princess . you 'il have she until she sixteenth birthday . they can be such monster at that age , you x11 probably thank I for this . leah be so frighten she 's almost in tear . 52 . leah for what ? stefan Guards ! they still can not move . maleficent listen . at midnight on she sixteenth birthday , something will happen , a small thing really , a simple mishap . she glance into the corner and see Queen Mary 's spinning wheel . maleficent she 'il prick she pretty little finger on the spindle of a spin wheel ... she look around at the frighten face , hold they breath . maleficent take she time , enjoy this . maleficent . and die ! face fill with horror . leah scream . she look at stefan . maleficent Fair be fair . stefan please , do not do this . I be sorry for what I do to you . maleficent laugh . maleficent not sorry enough . she lift she robe . White fire erupt around she . stefan wait ! listen to I ! she disappear in the smoke . diaval circle the hall . he fly out the open door . commotion erupt . leah run to the bassinet and scoops up the child . 53 . leah stefan ! do something ! fluster , he point to thistlewit . stefan you ! you have not give you gift yet . leah can she undo the curse ? knotgrass no. maleficent 's much too powerful now . stefan but you could alter it somehow . thistlewit Alter it ? stefan Change it , you idiot ! Change maleficent 's curse ! thistlewit but I be only a flower pixie ! knotgrass we 'il help you . knotgrass and flittle take she hand . leah hold the baby out toward she . flittle 's butterfly flit around she . thistlewit I can not think with all this butterfly ! flittle draw she butterfly away . knotgrass whisper in she ear . thistlewit repeat it . thistlewit aurora will prick she finger on she sixteenth birthday . but it will not be ...uh...uh ... knotgrass whisper again . she continue . thistlewit ... death that claim she , only sleep . stefan nod . now flittle whisper into thistlewit 's ear . 75 76 54 . thistlewit and she can only be wake by true love 's kiss . thistlewit touch the baby 's forehead . thistlewit done . leah my child be save ! stefan maleficent will not be stop that easily . burn all the spin wheel ! CUT to : ext . the moor - the faerie mound - night 75 maleficent sit on she throne , tell the guard all about it . diaval watch from nearby . she the he ext . maleficent he be begging I . you should have see they face . " not we baby ! " sigh with deep satisfaction . maleficent revenge be everything they say it be . Guards grunt and slaver in agreement . but diaval twist bother . king stefan 's castle - the nursery - night 76 the pixie and Queen Mary watch over the bassinet . Queen Mary snore . thistlewit I do not think stefan like we very much . knotgrass we do treat he badly when he be young . 77 55 . flittle it be he fault for be a halfling . knotgrass he have like to get rid of we , but we know too much . flittle sigh , play with she butterfly . flittle I wish we could go home to we field and flower . knotgrass maleficent will never let we come back now . thistlewit so we be trap here with mean stefan . stefan enter . stefan mean King stefan . and you be right , I can not stand the three of you . so I have a task that will keep you out of my sight for a very long time . ext . king stefan 's castle - night 77 the pixie sit in a wagon in rough peasant clothes . leah hold the baby , distraught . diaval watch from a nearby tree . leah do not do this ! stefan do you want we child to be safe ? he pull the baby out of she arm and hand she to the pixie . stefan take the baby deep into the forest . hide she there . on the day after she sixteenth birthday , bring she back to we . do you understand ? 78 56 . they nod . stefan say it . what will you do ? pixie hide the baby in the wood . stefan until when ? pixie until she sixteenth birthday . thistlewit we be not stupid ! he whip the horse . stefan stay away from the moor ! leah weep bitterly . stefan stop cry . you can have another child . he motion for Queen Mary to take she . then he speak to he Captain . stefan Arm the man with iron weapon . hunt maleficent down . when you find she show no mercy . ext . the road - day 78 diaval sit in a tree at the side of the road . the pixie 's wagon stop beneath . a baby cry in the back . knotgrass Don you kerchief , lady . we must wear they at all time so we will not be recognize . they put they on . the wagon continue on . 79 80 81 57 . ext . a clearing in the forest - later 79 a abandon cottage sit a clear . diaval land on the roof . the pixie 's wagon approach . knotgrass what we need be a abandon cottage where no one will find we . he squawk to draw they attention . diaval awk ! flittle like that one ? she point to the cottage . knotgrass exactly . we need a cottage just like that . be on the look -out . they keep drive past it , right out of the clear . diaval twist he head as if he can not believe what idiot they be . after a moment , the wagon appear again . the pixie study the cottage , then scream and run to it . they brush away cobweb , open the door and go inside . Flowers burst from the window . climb rose speed up the rough wall . diaval fly off . ext . the faerie mound - day 80 maleficent sit on she throne as diaval , the man , fill she in . maleficent he 's trust that idiot ? to raise he baby ? that 's priceless ! I have to see this for myself . ext . the cottage - day 81 the cottage teem with flower , inside and out . maleficent and diaval peek into the window at the baby in a basket . maleficent look at she with undisguise dislike . maleficent it 's so ugly , I could almost feel sorry for it . 82 58. diaval look in at the baby . on the baby - he Pov it gurgle . nothing could be cuter . they hear the pixie and back away . on the kitchen - there Pov the pixie stand around the basket look at the baby who 's start to cry . flittle I can not stand the cry . she 's give I a headache . knotgrass quiet , baby ! flittle all she think about be herself . knotgrass maybe she 's be hungry . thistlewit do you think she like fruit ? knotgrass all baby like fruit . they put a whole uncut apple , a banana and a orange in the basket with the baby . flittle that should shut she up for awhile . they walk away . ext . the cottage - day 82 maleficent that baby 's go to starve with that three look after it . maleficent walk away , unconcern . diaval twist he head , worried for the child . he fly away briefly , then return with a large white flower . 83 84 85 86 87 59 . int . the kitchen - day 83 he hop in the window and onto the edge of the basket . he hold the milk flower to the baby 's mouth . she suck on it happily . CUT to : ext . the cottage - night 84 the baby wail inside the cottage . diaval pace on a long branch in a tree anxiously . finally , he fly over and look in the window . on the pixie - diaval 's Pov the pixie sleep right through the baby 's wail . they have cotton stuff in they ear . diaval hop inside . int . the cottage - night 85 the baby cry in its cradle . diaval hop onto the edge . he use he weight to make it rock gently . gradually , the baby stop cry . CUT to : ext . the forest - night 86 as diaval fly through the forest , he hear human sound : horse 's hoof , shout . CUT to : ext . another part of the forest - night 87 diaval fly toward maleficent urgently . she wave she hand to transform he . maleficent now a man . he transform into a man . she toss he he clothes . he change behind the bush . 60 . diaval stefan 's man be on the hunt for you . he 's armed they with iron weapon . maleficent I have weapon of a different sort . she lift she staff . a thick mist rise up in the forest . on stefan 's men they be envelop in impenetrable mist . there 's mass confusion . captain retreat ! on maleficent she move away through the forest . without warning , stefan 's men come out of the mist directly ahead . they horse charge toward she . she do not have time to run . suddenly , a enormous silver wolf leap out in front of she . the horse panic and rear . the wolf chase they away . maleficent sit down on a rock and wait . in a moment , she father approach . maleficent I could have handle that myself . maleficentas father I should not have interfered . maleficent it 's not like you . maleficentas father I do not know what come over I . but I be glad to see that you have come back with a vengeance . the curse be masterful . maleficent stefan deserve everything he get . 88 89 90 61 . maleficentas father a eye for a eye . tooth for a tooth . maleficent exactly . maleficentas father I be proud of you . it 's just the sort of thing I would have do . he walk away into the mist . maleficent think about that , oddly unsettle . CUT to : int . king stefan 's castle 88 the Captain take off he heavy helmet . he 's dusty and exhaust . stefan hold up a hand . stefan do not speak unless the word be : " maleficent be dead " . the Captain drop he head and trudge out . dissolve to : ext . a meadow - day 89 a child 's scream and laughter fill the air . the pixie chase three year -old aurora across a meadow . ext . a tree - day 90 maleficent and diaval watch from a high tree across a steep gully beyond they . the meadow knotgrass stumble and fall . there 's a pixie pileup . knotgrass get off ! flittle I have lose my slipper ! 62. thistlewit you be step on my hair . as they pinch and squeal , toddler aurora run on . on the baby - maleficent 's Pov the unsupervise toddler run straight toward the steep drop - off of the gully . maleficent the little beastie be go to fall into that ravine . on the pixie the pixie have not even notice that aurora be go . on maleficent and diaval maleficent do they even know she 's go ? diaval awk ! he fly off to alert they . on the toddler she 's come closer to the drop -off . on maleficent she 's get nervous . maleficent go back . you be go to fall . on the toddler she 's still not slow . she run right to the edge of the drop-off . on maleficent maleficent go back ! on the toddler she run right off the steep edge . but she do not fall . she hang in midair , she chubby leg still run in place . 91 92 63. on maleficent she hold out the staff , magically keep the baby in the air . on the baby the baby laugh gleefully . on maleficent she smile despite herself . she spin the staff . on the toddler the baby spin upside down and back around , then keep run in midair back to the cliff . her little foot land on firm ground and she run back the way she come . on maleficent she drop the staff and shake she head . ext . the meadow - day 91 diaval fly around the pixie 's head try to get they attention . they swat at he . flittle go away ! diaval snatch at thistlewit 's hair . thistlewit do not touch the hair ! diaval hear laughter . he see the toddler come back toward the pixie . she run to they . they pick she up . knotgrass there you be ! dissolve to : ext . the faerie mound - day 92 maleficent sit on she throne . diaval be perch on she shoulder . he preens he feather . she draw absently in the dirt with she staff . they be both think of aurora . 93 94 95 64 . maleficent I wonder what the little beastie be up to ? they both leap up a little too eagerly . ext . the cottage - day 93 the pixie be have a picnic . aurora be 5 year old now . maleficent and diaval observe from the forest shadow . a autumn downpour suddenly drench the pixie . they scream and run into the house forget all about aurora . aurora follow they back to the cottage . but they have already close the door . she pound on it , but no one answer . she cry . still no one come . maleficent and diaval look at each other . aurora go around the cottage , look for a way in , sobbing and get drench . maleficent throw up she hand with disgust . she lift she staff . a gale force wind angrily blow the front door off its hinge . int . the cottage - day 94 the pixie stare at the break - down door . aurora walk in , drench and cry . knotgrass there you be . dissolve to : ext . the forest - day 95 aurora be 7 . she gather berry . she sit down under a tree to eat a few . in a moment , she eye close and she drift off . a snake crawl towards she from the bush . it get closer . suddenly a tall horned shadow loom over the sleep girl . maleficent 's staff lift the snake and toss it away . on maleficent she stand over the sleep child . 96 97 98 99 65 . her expression soften briefly . then she shake she head as if admonish herself for have a weak moment . she glance up at diaval in the tree . maleficent what ? he turn he head away as if he see nothing . dissolve to : ext . the wood - day 96 aurora be now 10 year old . she play sword fight with a invisible friend near a rush river . aurora yah ! yah ! have at you ! her game take she to the river . she cross on the step stone , but lose she balance and fall into the river . ext . the river - on aurora 97 the current be strong . she 's sweep downstream . she go under , come up , gasp , grab for tree root , anything . she go under again . her hand reach up and find ... maleficent 's staff . she grab onto it with both hand and she 's pull onto the bank . ext . the bank - day 98 she lay face - down on the bank , not move . maleficent 's horned shadow lean over she to see if she 's breathe . aurora gasp . maleficent 's shadow retreat . dissolve to : ext . on aurora and maleficent 's shadow - day 99 15 year old , aurora run toward the faerie path and the moor beyond . maleficent 's shadow with diaval on she shoulder track she as she go . knotgrass ( 0.s. ) come back , aurora ! 66 . aurora turn around . maleficent 's shadow quickly blend in with the shadow of a rock . aurora be very pretty with tiny , delicate feature . the pixie beckon she from the cottage . flittle do not go near the moor ! aurora why can not I ? knotgrass because we say so . aurora you always say that . on maleficent and diaval , the man they sit on the rock , watch she go inside . maleficent they be go about this all wrong . if they tell she " no " , that 's exactly what she 'il do . diaval May I ask you a question ? maleficent that depend . diaval when be you plan to undo you curse ? maleficent who say I be plan to undo it ? diaval mistress . maleficent I hate the little beastie . diaval you hate stefan ! May I speak freely ? maleficent you can not seem to help yourself . 100 67 . diaval you be not as bad as you think you be . annoy , she wave she hand to transform he . maleficent be a bird ! but this time , he catch she hand and hold it . diaval every time you do not like what I have to say you transform I back into a bird . maleficent I think you like be a bird . he look at she with more feeling than he can share . diaval not as much as I use to . maleficent look away . she wave she hand abruptly and transform he . int . stefan 's castle - the great hall - day 100 King stefan have age beyond he year . Children run and scream . leah be with child again . stefan you child be drive I mad ! leah they be you child too . the Captain approach . he bow and remove he helmet . he 's go grey . stefan well ? the Captain shake he head . stefan I do not want to hear that ! leah he do not say anything . let the man speak . stefan 's captain sire . my man and I have searched the length and breadth of the land , kingdom to kingdom , shore to shore and back again . we have endure rainstorm , blizzard , gale force wind , scorching heat and the attack of countless wild creature . but maleficent be not to be find . I be sorry I have fail you . stefan you be dismiss ! the Captain trudge off , secretly relieved . leah why be you still look for that witch ? stefan she 's not a witch . leah she may be dead . stefan she 's not dead . I would know if she be . leah look at she husband curiously . leah be there something you have not tell I ? stefan no . leah you have to forget about maleficent . leah aurora will be return to_us soon and this unpleasantness will be behind we . stefan what be you mother do ? Old Queen Mary sit by the window at a spin wheel . 68 . 101 69 . leah spin , stefan . she enjoy the work . stefan I have all the spin wheel destroy . leah it 's be year . I be certain maleficent have forget all about that silly insult at the christen . stefan she have not forget . maleficent can not be underestimate . we have to remain diligent , especially now . I want that spin wheel burn . leah look at she husband , think of all the other man she might have marry . ext . the faerie mound - night 101 maleficent sit on she throne surround by the guard . diaval sit on she shoulder . kinloch and some faery approach . kinloch you majesty . she 's instantly defensive . maleficent what be it ? do not you like the way I govern ? all 's well in the moor , be it not ? kinloch yes . maleficent then what seem to be the problem ? kinloch we be not free to go to the human world . 102 103 70 . maleficent ah well , that 's a price we all must learn to live with . now go away before I become unpleasant . kinloch ( under he breath ) become ? maleficent hear that . she level she dark gaze on he . maleficent this be not unpleasant . do you want to see what unpleasant look like ? maleficent 's face change . her darkest nature come to the surface . anger and bitterness twist she face so that she do look truly frightening . White Fire erupt all around she . kinloch and faery rush away . maleficent stroke diaval . maleficent he make I do that . I do not enjoy it at all . int . the cottage - night 102 maleficent stand outside the cottage . in the window - her Pov she can see aurora in she nightgown get ready for bed . on maleficent she look tear as if battle dark force within . she turn abruptly and walk away . int . aurora 's bedroom 103 she lie in she bed . the pixie open the door . knotgrass be she asleep yet ? she close she eye , pretend . they close the door . 104 105 105 a 106 107 71 . int . the kitchen - night 104 the pixie take off they tatter , peasant sweater like too-tight brassiere and release they wing , stretch they out . int . aurora 's bedroom 105 she open she eye again and sit up . she look out the window . on the moor - her Pov the mist rise up across the hill in the distance . the moor seem to beckon she . on aurora aurora look back at the kitchen , then open the window and slip out into the night . ext . the faerie path - night 105a aurora run across the faerie path and into the moor , leaping with mischievous joy . ext . the moor - night 106 aurora follow the faerie path . she hear the faerie voice . she stop to listen . on the moorland faeries - her Pov she see the Fair folk camouflage in the flower , tree , stream and pond . aurora I know you be here . ext . the cottage - night 107 maleficent have return . she approach the cottage soundlessly . she see aurora 's window , open now . she frown and look inside . on aurora 's bedroom - her Pov the bed be empty . aurora 's nowhere in sight . * 108 109 72 . ext . the cottage - night 108 worried , maleficent move around to the kitchen window . int . the kitchen - night 109 the pixie fly around the kitchen , bashing into each other , knock thing over and laugh hysterically . milk jug lay spilt on the table . butterfly abound . on maleficent she look around for aurora in a panic . diaval fly toward she . she wave she hand to transform he . maleficent now a man ! he transform before he land . he hit the ground hard . diaval can you wait until I have land ? maleficent have you see aurora ? diaval I spot she in the moor . maleficent then what be you do here ? you should not have leave she alone ! she can not wander around out there by herself ! diaval I think you hate she . she hurry away . he look down at he human body . diaval do not leave I like this . on maleficent she wave a impatient hand over she head . maleficent be a bird . in a moment , diaval strafe she head , just a little too close . 110 73. maleficent stay with she ! ext . the moor - the blackthorn tree - night 110 the full moon shine down on aurora who stand at the bottom of the tree look up at the elve . they screech at she . she 's not afraid of they . diaval circle overhead and land in a nearby tree to keep watch . a peat bog aurora approach the peat bog and watch the Wallerbog drool and dribble . on maleficent 's moon -shadow - aurora 's Pov maleficent 's shadow loom over she suddenly . it 's distinct and clear in the moonlight . aurora smile to see it . aurora I know you be there . the shadow retreat suddenly . she turn around . aurora do not be afraid . maleficent 's amused voice answer from behind the rock . maleficent ( 0.s. ) I be not afraid . aurora then come out . maleficent you ’1l1 be startle . aurora I will not . come out . maleficent emerge . aurora smile , not the least surprised by she appearance . aurora hello , faerie godmother . maleficent try not to laugh . she turn again . 74 . maleficent you think I be you be faerie godmother ? aurora who else would you be ? you have be watch over I my whole life . maleficent somebody have to . aurora I have always know about you ... ever since I be a little girl . around so that maleficent 's shadow fall over she aurora you see ? that 's the shadow I have be see ever since I be small . wherever I go that shadow be always with I . but do not you have a bird ? in the shadow , diaval land on maleficent 's shoulder . maleficent this be diaval . aurora turn and reach up to pet he . he preens . wild elvish women and web - footed sprite with sharp tooth watch from the thick tangle root of tree . aurora see they . aurora who be they ? maleficent step between they . maleficent not everyone you meet in the moor be benevolent . you must never come out here alone . aurora I be not afraid . maleficent that 's enough for one night . aurora but ... maleficent wave she hand in front of she eye . 75 . maleficent sleep . aurora go limp . maleficent catch she by lift she hand . aurora float in the air . 111 ext . the forest - near dawn 111 a prone , sleep aurora drift back toward the cottage . diaval fly ahead . maleficent walk behind . 112 int . the cottage - aurora 's bedroom 112 maleficent lower she back into she bed . she pull the cover up , then she wave she hand over she . maleficent my curse be undone . you be free to live a long and happy life . and you will never tell you aunt about I . good night , beastie . 113 ext . the cottage - the next morning 113 the kitchen be a disaster . flittle climb up on a stack of chair to get a vase . thistlewit and knotgrass sit at the table . thistlewit have she head in she hand . thistlewit I drank too much milk . why do you let I do that ? knotgrass where 's you kerchief ? thistlewit I lose it . knotgrass try to put a kerchief on thistlewit who push she away . flittle reach for the vase . she lose she balance and fall to the floor . flittle ah ! that would not have happen if I could use my wing . knotgrass shh ! she x11 be up soon . 76 . flittle I want to fly again ! thistlewit I want to go back to the castle ! knotgrass so do I ! do you think I like be trap in this horrid little cottage with you two imbecile ? they all start to cry . aurora walk in to find she aunt bawling . she shake she head as if this be nothing new . aurora there . there . what happen this time ? flittle I fall and hurt myself . she help flittle up . aurora poor old thing . wait . I have a question . how old be you ? you have look the same my whole life . and another thing , why do we have spring flower even in winter ? she wave at the butterfly . aurora and where be all this butterfly come from ? no one venture a answer . flittle so , do you sleep well ? aurora and why do you always ignore my question ! they putter around the kitchen . knotgrass would you like breakfast , cabbage ? flittle she do not want cabbage for breakfast . who eat cabbage for breakfast ? 77 . knotgrass I do not say , do you want cabbage for breakfast ? I say ... do you want breakfast , cabbage ? aurora shake she head and look skyward ... why I ? 114 ext . the moor - a peat bog - another night 114 aurora play in the peat bog with the Wallerbog . mud fly . she laugh hysterically . maleficent and diaval share they amusement . 115 ext . the moor - another night 115 aurora and maleficent sit together on a rock overlook the moor . they watch diaval soar high on the wind above . aurora and he 's also a man ? maleficent if I want he to be . aurora watch Heather faery fly over the meadow below . aurora do all of the Fair people have wing ? maleficent most do . aurora then why do not you ? the old anger suddenly rise up in maleficent . maleficent I say ... most do ! aurora 's take aback . aurora sorry I ask . maleficent soften . 116 78. maleficent I have wing once . aurora what happen to they ? maleficent they be steal from I . that 's all I 'il say about it . aurora what color be they ? maleficent Black . and that 's enough about they . aurora wait a minute . aurora how big be they ? maleficent aurora . aurora go quiet . maleficent look off , remember . maleficent so big they drag behind I when I walk . and they be strong . they could carry I above the cloud and straight into the headwind . they never falter . not once . I could trust they . aurora can see she loss and regret . she take she hand . maleficent look down at stefan 's child 's hand in she own . her heart freeze . she pull it away . maleficent time to go back . ext . the moor - near dawn 116 they walk back together across the misty hill . diaval fly above . aurora I have a confession to make . + eh o* 79 . maleficent do you ? aurora all day long , all I can think about be come back to the moor . I love it here . it feel like home to I . maleficent this be not you home . aurora walk a little ahead of she . aurora then where be it ? and do not tell I it 's that cottage with my aunt . she step onto the edge of a white stone that jut up from the ground . as she foot land briefly on it ... it roar , shaking the ground . aurora jump off quickly . aurora what be that ? maleficent look around , alarmed . maleficent come back . quickly ! aurora hurry back toward she and step on the stone again . it roar . aurora run to she side . maleficent and diaval look at the white stone . on the queen 's stone it 's tilt and half - bury in sod and grass . maleficent so that 's where it fall . aurora approach . aurora what be it ? maleficent look from the Queen 's Stone to aurora ... and back again with shock and realization . aurora what 's wrong ? 117 80 . maleficent nothing . go to sleep . she wave she hand in front of she eye . aurora go limp . maleficent keep she aloft as she sleep . she look at diaval . maleficent how be it possible ? she close she eye and hold she staff out over the Stone . she slowly raise it out of the ground and set it upright on top of the ground . she brushes the dirt away . then she slowly lower the prone , sleep aurora onto the Queen 's Stone . she 's so small she fit on it perfectly . as she body settles down , the stone purr , exactly the way it do when ulla stand on it year earlier . maleficent look at diaval with disbelief . CUT to : ext . the moor - a ruined castle - dusk 117 maleficent stand before the ruin . in a moment , she father appear . maleficentas father this be a interesting twist of fate . maleficent if aurora be the true Queen , then maybe I should step down . maleficentas father you have give up you throne ? to the child of you swear enemy no less ? what 's get into you ? maleficent it be never mine . I take it by force . maleficentas father you do what have to be do at the time . forget about the Stone . bury it . no one will ever know . 118 81 . maleficent I will know . maleficentas father there 's that conscience again . I think the raven be right about you . he seem disappointed as he walk back into the ruin . ext . the moor - night 118 maleficent walk , practice what she 's go to say . maleficent there 's something you need to know .... this be go to come as a big shock ...no ... sit down ... she hear aurora 's laughter . she listen . there 's another unfamiliar voice . a young man 's voice . the word be not distinct . maleficent peer through the foliage . on aurora and phillip - her Pov aurora be talk to a handsome young man who hold a white horse . phillip I would better be on my way . he get on the horse . aurora what 's you name ? phillip Phillip . maybe I x11 be lucky enough to see you again . aurora then I would be lucky too . phillip where do you live ? she open she arm . aurora here. 82 . phillip then I ’1l1 see you here ! he ride off . aurora watch he go with a secret smile . maleficent 's moon-shadow loom over she suddenly . maleficent and who be that ? aurora no one . maleficent ( angrily ) I see you talk to a man ... who be it ? aurora 's surprised by she anger . aurora oh , he name be Phillip ... he have lose he way . maleficent you be not to talk to stranger . aurora you sound just like my aunt . maleficent I be not like you aunt ! aurora then why be you act like they ? maleficent I be try to keep you safe ! aurora I be almost sixteen ! I can take care of myself ! she turn and run off . maleficent do not go after she . maleficent Fine ! go on ! get yourself out of you own mess . I have have enough if it ! she steam for a moment , then look over at diaval ina nearby tree . 119 120 121 83. maleficent well , go after she ext . a dark pond - night 119 aurora sit down on a rock to sulk . a long GREEN arm emerge from the water and reach toward she . diaval arrive just as the GREEN water woman grab aurora 's ankle . the Green woman pull aurora toward the water . diaval dive at she . diaval awk ! awk ! on maleficent she hear he cry . she listen . aurora ( 0.s. ) no ! let I go ! maleficent run . ext . the pond - night 120 aurora kick at the Green woman as she pull she toward the water . aurora let go ! on maleficent she run . her robe fly behind like wing . the pond the Green woman have aurora in the water . diaval dive at she . aurora scream as the cold water close over she head . ext . the dark pond - underwater 121 the Green woman drag she down into the dark depth . diaval dive down into the water after they . he stab at the Green woman with he beak . aurora struggle to get out of she grasp . suddenly , maleficent plunge into the water . she pull aurora out of the Green woman 's grip . 122 123 84 . aurora swim to the surface as maleficent , the Green woman and diaval battle underwater . ext . the bank of the pond - day 122 cough and gasp , aurora drag herself out of the pond . she run . ext . the pond - underwater 123 the battle continue until the Green woman float away lifelessly . maleficent kick to the surface . the surface she explode out of the water , gasp for air . she climb onto the bank and see the raven 's body float in the water . she pick he up and lay he on the bank . he do not move . maleficent diaval ? she wave he hand over he frantically . maleficent now a man ! diaval transform . but he 's still not breathe . maleficent diaval ? diaval ! she pound on he chest . he gasp suddenly , and gulp for air . maleficent lean back , more relieved than she ever think she have be . diaval sit up . maleficent I think I have lose you . but this be too revealing . maleficent then what would I do for wing ? diaval cover he disappointment at she cavalier attitude . he look around . * 124 125 126 85 . diaval where 's aurora ? int . the cottage - aurora 's bedroom 124 aurora sleep in she bed . maleficent stand over she . maleficent aurora ? she do not stir . maleficent pull the cover over she gently and go out . diaval sit in the window for a moment before he fly away . after they have go , aurora open she eye . int . the cottage - aurora 's bedroom - day 125 the pixie burst into she bedroom , waking she abruptly . thistlewit happy birthday , cabbage ! knotgrass we be go on a lovely journey today . aurora look out the window at the moor . aurora I do not want to go on a journey . knotgrass you do not have a choice . get she dress . they throw clothes at she . ext . the cottage - day 126 the pixie be in the wagon . aurora be reluctant . she look out at the moor . aurora I be not go . flittle why not ? 127 128 86 . aurora there 's someone I need to talk to . knotgrass who ? you do not know anyone . aurora I be not go . knotgrass finally lose it . knotgrass sixteen year . we have look after you out here in the middle of nowhere in that break down raggedy hovel for sixteen year ! flittle we have put up with you whining and cry and puke ... thistlewit and all you stupid question that we do not know the answer to ! knotgrass we have do we job . and now we be give you back . get in the wagon ! they pull she into the wagon forcefully and jam she in between they . knotgrass whip the horse . aurora look back at the moor as they drive off . CUT to : ext . king stefan 's castle - evening 127 the pixie wagon approach the castle at a dead run . int . the great hall - evening 128 the hall be be set up for aurora 's arrival the next day . servant set up table . Children run through . leah hold a baby . the pixie enter with aurora . she 's utterly bewilder . pixie we be back ! 87 . stefan what be you do here ? you be not to arrive until tomorrow . knotgrass today be she sixteenth birthday . stefan I tell you to bring she the day after she birthday . aurora look around at the heavy oppressive room ... the iron filigree above . she put she hand on the stone wall and pull it back quickly . she shudder . thistlewit well , it 's be a long time . how can we be expect to remember ? stefan I should have know not to trust flower pixie ! where 's the child ? he look right past aurora . they push she toward he . flittle here . stefan this ? knotgrass aurora , meet you mother and father . aurora be so shocked she can not speak . leah hand she baby to a nursemaid and open she arm to aurora . leah come over here and let I have a look at you . she back up a step . stefan what be we go to do with she ? the idiot pixie have bring she back a day too soon . flittle fold she arm . 129 88. flittle well , we be not take she back . aurora I can not stay anyway . she rub the tip of she index finger absently . stefan we 'il have to lock you in a safe place for the night . aurora why ? leah I know it 's a terrible homecome , dear . but you father 's worried about some old curse . aurora I have to go back to the moor . stefan that life be over . stefan pull she away . flittle see the lady with the Blue face who have grow much older . she point at flittle . blue lady you ruin my life ! flittle grab knotgrass urgently . flittle I have change my mind . I want to go back to the horrid little cottage . int . the hall - day 129 stefan usher aurora firmly down the hall . aurora let I go back . please . this be a mistake . stefan the whining and begging may have soften the pixie , but not I . he put she in a room . 130 131 132 133 89 . stefan welcome home . we 'il talk in the morning when this be all over . he close the door and lock it . ext . the cottage - night 130 shutter bang on the window . diaval land on the sill and look in . diaval awk ! awk ! maleficent emerge from the shadow and go inside . int . the cottage - night 131 she walk though the messy abandon cottage . the flower be wilted without the pixie presence there . one stray butterfly have be leave behind . she go into aurora 's bedroom . int . aurora 's bedroom - night 132 but the bed be empty . alarm flood she face . maleficent diaval ! he fly in the window . maleficent that idiot have take she ! fly to stefan 's castle ! I have no wing ! fly ! int . stefan 's castle - the kitchen - night 133 the pixie gorge themselves on milk and pastry while the servant bustle around they . diaval land in the window . knotgrass even if we do bring she back too soon , we have still foil maleficent 's curse . 90 . flittle she will not die when she prick she finger . thanks to we quick think . thistlewit my quick think . I be the one who say : " it will not be death that claim she only sleep . " diaval twist he head curiously . knotgrass I give that idea to you . thistlewit no , you do not . knotgrass yes , I do . flittle and I think up the part about " true love 's kiss " . thistlewit no , you do not . knotgrass yes , she do . thistlewit it be my spell ! I say " she can only be wake by true love 's kiss " ! knotgrass we give it all to you . thistlewit no , you do not ! diaval have hear enough . he fly away . 134 int . aurora 's room - night 134 the moon shine on aurora who rub the tip of she index finger again . she go to the window and look out . diaval land on the sill . aurora diaval ? be that you ? 135 136 137 91 . diaval awk ! he fly off . aurora where be you go ? she rub she finger again . int . the hallway - night 135 stefan pace nervously as he talk to he man . the small key to aurora 's room sit on a table . stefan maleficent will come at midnight to watch she curse unfold . the moment she appear , use the iron . do not hesitate . diaval land on the table . stefan see he . he realize and make a grab for he . diaval evade he and snatch the key in he beak . stefan catch that bird ! diaval fly around with the key in he beak evade the man . he fly out of the room . diaval fly down the hall with stefan 's man behind . he startles the oncoming servant and knock over table and chair . int . aurora 's room - night 136 she hear a commotion in the hall . a key rattles in the door . ext . the hall - on aurora 's door 137 diaval flutter as he try to fit the key in the lock with he beak . stefan 's man run toward he . he finally manage to fit it in . the man throw object . he evade they , then turn the key with he beak . 138 139 140 141 92 . int . aurora 's room - night 138 she hear the lock turn and turn the knob . the door open . outside , the guard and servant scream and throw thing at the raven who flap around to distract they . aurora slip away unseen . ext . the road - night 139 maleficent run as fast as she foot will take she . she look skyward , wishing desperately for wing . ext . the great hall - night 140 stefan look in the open door to aurora 's empty room . stefan search the castle for the princess aurora . ext . the road - night 141 diaval fly toward maleficent . he swoops down . she wave she hand . maleficent now a man . he hit the ground run transformed into a man . maleficent toss he a bag of clothes . diaval the pixie change you curse . maleficent my curse be undone year ago . diaval they replace it with they own . maleficent the pixie ? they be not smart enough . diaval ( impatiently ) listen ! when she prick she finger tonight , aurora will fall asleep . 142 143 93. maleficent fall asleep ? now there 's a nasty curse . diaval and she can only be wake by " true love 's kiss " . her laughter fade abruptly . maleficent say that again . diaval she can only be wake by " true love 's kiss " . maleficent but there 's no such thing . diaval what ? maleficent there 's no such thing as " true love . " it do not exist . she 's look right at he . but she can not see the love in he eye . maleficent if she prick she finger , she 'il never wake up . she 'il sleep forever . we have to stop she ! CUT to : int . the tower - night 142 aurora race up the tower stair and run into a small room to hide . the Bell Tower clock start to clang midnight . one . int . a tower room - night 143 she enter the tiny room . the clock clang again . two . Queen Mary sit under the moonlight , work at a spin wheel . human queen mary hello aurora . you have grow up to be a lovely young lady . 144 145 94 . the clock clang . three . aurora rub the tip of she finger which be throbbing terribly . aurora who be you ? human queen mary you grandmother , dear . the clock clang . four . ext . the road - night 144 maleficent watch diaval fly ahead . she run until she can not run anymore . she double over to catch she breath . on stefan 's castle - her Pov she can see it in the far distance . on maleficent but she know she 'il never make it in time . she lift she fist in fury . maleficent I need wing ! she hear a whinny . on the white horse a magnificent white horse run down the hill toward she . it stop at she side , nostril flaring . she nod and leap astride its bare back . they gallop . int . the SMALL tower room - night 145 aurora can not take she eye off of the spindle . aurora why be you spin up here all alone ? she draw closer . her finger throbs . the clock clang five . human queen mary King stefan want all the spin wheel burn . six . 146 147 95 . human queen mary you mother and I hide this one up here where he would never find it . seven . mesmerized , aurora reach out toward the spindle . human queen mary do not touch ! it 's sharp . you could prick you finger ... EIGHT . she pull she finger back and rub it . aurora but I ... nine . she reach she finger out again . aurora ...must . ten . stefan run into the room . stefan stop ! eleven . aurora prick she finger on the spindle . the clock strike twelve . aurora fall to the floor . CUT to : ext . the road - on maleficent 146 maleficent gasp as she feel aurora fall . the horse stop as if it feel it too . she crumble over the horse 's neck . despair fill she heart . CUT to : int . stefan 's castle - aurora 's room - later 147 aurora lie on she bed , deep in enchant sleep . stefan and leah look down at she . the pixie be there as well . leah weep . stefan stop cry . she 's only sleep . leah what do we do now ? 148 149 96 . stefan be not there something about a kiss to wake she ? they all turn to look at thistlewit . thistlewit why be you look at I ? knotgrass you be the one who change the spell . thistlewit me! but you say ... stefan ( to the pixie ) find someone to kiss she . someone suitable . he go out . leah soothes she baby . leah not any kiss will do . it have to be " true love 's kiss " . well that 's what you say . she go out . the pixie look at each other . CUT to : ext . outside stefan 's castle - night 148 maleficent watch the white horse gallop away to the top of a hill . with a heavy heart , she head toward the castle . but something stop she . she look back at the hill . her father stand where the horse stand a moment before . he lift he hand to she . CUT to : int . aurora 's bedroom - later 149 the pixie have find a young man . he stand over the bed look at aurora . young man # 1 but she 's sleep . 97 . knotgrass she will not mind . he shrug and kiss she . the pixie wait expectantly . she do not wake up . thistlewit you do not do it right . flittle it 's suppose to be true love 's kiss . young man # 1 true love ? I do not know even she . knotgrass get out . CUT to : 150 ext . stefan 's castle - night 150 maleficent have arrive at the castle . she slip across the drawbridge in the shadow . 151 int . aurora 's bedroom - night 151 the pixie have find another young man . knotgrass this be princess aurora . flittle be not she beautiful ? young man # 2 yes , she be . he 's clearly very attract to she . thistlewit be you in love with she ? young man # 2 absolutely ! flittle you can kiss she then . he kiss she eagerly . aurora do not wake up . 98 . flittle if it be true love , you would have wake she up ! young man # 2 let I try again . he lean down . they push he away . knotgrass get out . CUT to : 152 int . stefan 's castle - night 152 maleficent slip unseen through the hall . she look into each room as she pass they . diaval fly toward she . she transform he . maleficent now a man . he transform , very sad . diaval we have lose she . CUT to : 153 int . aurora 's bedroom - night 153 the three pixie usher in another young man . it 's Phillip . flittle this be princess aurora . he look at the sleep girl . phillip I know she . knotgrass that 's helpful . phillip why be she sleep ? 99 . flittle she 's trap in a enchantment . flittle be not she beautiful ? he 's smitten . phillip the most beautiful girl I have ever see . the pixie share excited glance . this be go well . knotgrass do you want to kiss she ? phillip very much . thistlewit then go ahead . phillip I would not feel right . I barely know she . we only meet once . knotgrass have not you ever hear of love at first sight ? flittle kiss she . he lean down toward she . he lean up again . phillip a enchantment , you say ? pixie kiss she ! now ! they push he forward . phillip do not push ! he lean down . the pixie hold they breath . the prince kiss the princess . they lip touch gently ... perfectly . and nothing happen . the pixie face fall . aurora sleep on . Phillip look at the pixie . 154 155 100 . phillip be something suppose to happen now ? pixie get out ! they push he out . they trudge out to find another candidate . ext . the hallway - night 154 the pixie walk down the hall , deject . flittle I be certain he be the one . thistlewit what 's wrong with all this young man ? knotgrass we have to keep look . dig deeper . scrape the bottom of the barrel . flittle he do not have to be a prince . he do not even have to be handsome . thistlewit all he have to be be a man . int . aurora 's room - night 155 the moon shine down on aurora . maleficent enter . diaval , the man , come in behind she . maleficent look down at she , heartbroken . she sink down on the side of the bed . maleficent this be my fault . I do this to you ... for revenge . I do not know how much I would love you . but I promise to look after you ... every day for the rest of my life . sleep well . she kiss she gently on the forehead . and something magical occur . aurora open she eye . maleficent gasp . aurora smile . 156 157 101 . aurora hello , godmother . maleficent be so astound she can not speak for a moment . she finally find she voice . maleficent hello , beastie . she pull she into she arm . joyful tear fall . diaval be overwhelm as well . diaval no truer love . he join they . aurora can we go home to the moor now ? maleficent right now . there 's voice in the hall . diaval wait . he open the door cautiously . int . the hall - night 156 it 's eerily quiet . no servant . no sound . maleficent now a bird . diaval transform and fly ahead to investigate . int . the great hall - night 157 he fly into the great hall . maleficent and aurora follow . there be no servant . no one about . the door on the opposite side of the room stand open . escape . maleficent 's eye narrow suspiciously . they slink along the wall toward the open door . diaval fly up to the rafter . he land on the iron filigree where a heavy iron net have be hang . 158 102 . diaval awk ! maleficent look up . stefan appear at the door . stefan Drop it ! the iron net fall from the ceiling . maleficent push aurora out of the way . maleficent get out of the castle ! she fall to she knee drop she staff . the net burn she expose flesh . aurora try to pull the heavy iron net off of she . maleficent get out of here ! go back to the moor ! aurora back away reluctantly . maleficent go now ! aurora run . stefan nod for some of he man to go after she . other man run out with iron weapon and poke at maleficent like a trap animal . the pixie watch with horrify fascination . int . the tower stair - night 158 aurora run up the stair try to get away from stefan 's man . she reach a landing , run through a door and find herself in another stairwell . she keep climb . the great hall maleficent try to get up , but she 's weaken by the iron . she reach for she staff . stefan kick it out of the way . he walk around she . stefan I should have kill you that night . it would have save we alla lot of trouble . 159 160 103 . she glare at he with silent hatred . he nod to he man . stefan 's man draw they weapon . diaval drop down from out of the rafter at they . stefan kill that bird ! some fight he off . other stab at maleficent . she grab they weapon through the net even though it burn she hand . int . the tower stair - night 159 aurora fling open the door at the top of the stair and run inside . she peek out to see if anyone 's follow , but feel something behind she . she turn . her eye go wide . on maleficent 's wing her wing be bound in chain hold upright in a glass coffin . aurora approach they , awed by they size and beauty . she look through the glass . they flutter suddenly . still alive . she step back . they flap and struggle against they bond . realization fill aurora 's eye . she place she hand on the glass . aurora shhh . she 's here . the wing settle down . aurora touch the heavy iron lock . she gasp as it burn she . int . the great hall - night 160 diaval fight stefan 's man . maleficent now a eagle . he transform into a eagle . he grab the iron net over maleficent and pull it away . she get to she foot . stefan run at she with he iron sword . she evade he and throw she robe up . White Fire erupt . he fall back . his man have throw a chain around diaval 's claw . they pull he down to stab at he . 161 162 163 164 165 166 104 . maleficent now a bear . diaval transform into a bear . it bellow and swipe at the man . they back away . int . the tower room - night 161 aurora frantically look for a way to release the wing . she pick up a heavy chair . int . the great hall - night 162 stefan throw a heavy iron chain at maleficent . it wrap around she neck . she drop to she knee as it burn she . stefan pull it tighter . she gasp . the man have throw a rope around the bear 's leg , hobbling he . int . the tower room - night 163 aurora throw the chair at the coffin . it hit the thick glass , but do not break it . int . the great hall - night 164 maleficent gasp out the word . maleficent now a ... dragon . diaval transform into a dragon . it breathes fire at the man . they fend off the fire with they shield . int . the tower room - night 165 aurora have not give up . she tilt the coffin . it fall forward and crash onto the floor . the wing flap and struggle in the break glass . int . the great hall - night 166 stefan pull the chain around maleficent 's neck tighter . she gasp . one of the man throw a sword at the dragon . maleficent can barely get the word out . 167 168 105 . maleficent now a ... butterfly . diaval transform into a butterfly . the sword fly harmlessly past he as he flutter away . int . the tower room - night 167 aurora reach out and softly touch maleficent 's wing . they stop struggle . aurora fly . int . the great hall - night 168 stefan 's man throw more heavy iron chain around maleficent . one wrap around she leg . another around she waist . they pull they tightly . she crouch on the floor , chain across she body . torture . stefan stand over she . he lift he sword high over she , prepare to make the fatal blow . but a brisk wind suddenly whip up from nowhere . something large and black slam into he , knock he off he foot . maleficent look up . her face fill with astonishment to see she long - lose wing fly down toward she . aurora run into the room from the tower stair . overjoyed , maleficent lift she arm out to she wing . they flutter down toward she . aurora be one again . there 's a earth-shatter ... crack maleficent be envelop in a magical explosion of light and ENERGY . then , she rise into the air on she wing . aurora 's face light up . the pixie face fall . stefan 's man be just as astonished . stefan kill she ! kill she ! they attack she with sword and iron chain . maleficent fight they from the air . 169 170 106 . diaval fight at she side . stefan motion to he man . they gradually back maleficent toward the open door to the battlement . ext . stefan 's castle - the battlement 169 maleficent fight they . she knock the last of the man away . there 's only stefan now . she corner he against the wall with she wing . maleficent it would feel so good to kill you . but I x11 let you live , for aurora 's sake . stefan I will not let you take she . maleficent I will not take she . she 'il come of she own free will . and here 's a pittle thing you do not know about er . she whisper in he ear . he 's shocked by the revelation . while she 's close , he secretly brandish he knife and try to stab she . she back away and let herself fall backwards off the battlement . stefan throw himself on top of she . ext . midair - night 170 they fall in the cup of maleficent 's fold wing , grapple as she plummet toward the earth . she try to throw he off . but he cling to she fiercely and try to stab she with the knife . the ground rise rapidly up toward they . they struggle . he hold onto she , raise the knife . the wind whistle past . stefan I ... never ... love you ! maleficent look into he eye as they fall . maleficent you be a liar . she flip over suddenly . stefan lose he grip . his face fill with terror and he fall . 171 172 107 . maleficent 's wing open at the last moment before she hit the ground and she swoops into the sky . * int . the great hall - dawn 171 maleficent enter . aurora run into she arm . after a moment , maleficent crouch to look into she eye . maleficent there 's something I need to tell you . aurora oh godmother , I already know . on she back , two tiny gossamer wing glitter in the light . CUT to : ext . the mound - near dawn 172 the moorland faery , winge and unwinge alike , have gather on the faerie mound . maleficent step onto the * Queen 's Stone with she guard around she . the Stone scream * in protest . she shout . * maleficent as you see , I be not the rightful * Queen . but the time have come for I * to step down . * maleficent step down off the Stone . it fall silent . maleficent Fair people of the moor ... I give you Queen aurora . as dawn break , the fairy queen aurora float down from above , she wing flutter softly . she land on the Stone . the Stone roar like a lion . the faery cheer . musician play and the faery dance . aurora see Prince Phillip stand in the back of the crowd . she * smile . maleficent stand with diaval , the man . her hand find he as they both struggle with they emotion . * 173 174 175 108 . ext . the faerie path - the next day 173 the pixie stop hesitantly at the faerie path . thistlewit put she hand out tentatively . thistlewit be you certain ? knotgrass yes ! Queen aurora have lift the bind spell . thistlewit come along , flittle . we be go home . flittle 's butterfly fly ahead . flittle hear something . she look back . a carriage approach on the road . the Blue woman lean out and point at flittle . blue woman I be come for you ! flittle gasp and run after they . CUT to : ext . the farmland - some time later 174 the land on both side of the faerie path be equally green and verdant . the Farmer 's son , now fully grow , and he colly , herd the sheep . they approach the faerie path . the Farmer 's son throw down a glove . the sheep trample it in they hurry to graze on the sweet moorland grass . ext . the moor - on the blackthorn tree - day 175 maleficent and diaval sit in the tree , crunching black nut . maleficent I be not a very good queen , be I ? diaval you do what have to be do . maleficent actually , I be a bad queen . 109 . diaval very bad . in fact , in my opinion , you be the the mistress of all evil . she give he a evil smile . she take off she horn Crown . maleficent I will not be need this anymore . she take it off and rub the place on she head where the horn rest . maleficent ahhh . she hang the crown on a tree limb . maleficent time to fly . she wave she hand at he . maleficent now a bird . he transform into a raven . diaval awk ! they lift they wing and take flight together . but before they get too far , maleficent swing around and come back toward the tree . she swoops low , grab the horn Crown and fly off again . as maleficent and the raven soar together , wing - to-wing , above the beautiful moor fade out . the end