T h E C U R S E write & direct by jacqueline garry registered wga East # 118420-00 ( c ) 1998 jacqueline garry ______________________________________________________________________ T h E C U R S E ext . STREET - dusk frida and jennifer walk down the sidewalk together . frida be mousy and frumpy . she wear glass and have she hair tightly pull back into a ponytail . she wear baggy drab clothes -- have no fashion sense and wear flat " sensible " shoe . Jennifer , on the other hand , be trendy , stylish and sexy . she 's a head -turner . Men check out Jennifer and ignore frida . frida I have cramp . I can not believe I let you talk I into this . jennifer come on , we have be double dating since the fourth grade . frida yeah even then look what happen : Michael mortenson kiss you and billy Sullivan throw a worm at I . jennifer well that 's not go to happen tonight . George say carlton 's a nice guy . frida translation : a total geek . jennifer anything 's better than Mark . frida my shrink say he 's not so bad . jennifer you shrink always give you bad advice . he only hear what you choose to tell he . Mark 's a asshole , he cheat , he borrow money and never pay it back , he 's never have a regular job . frida he 's a very talented musician . jennifer every woman at some point have to date a musician . I wish you would get rid of Mark for good . every time you break up you see he more than when you be go out . frida I guess I have a weakness for he . it 's that big brown bambi eye . jennifer so do not look in he eye . two guy pass by on the street check out Jennifer . one of they stop in front of she . guy that 's the girl who should be havin ' my baby . jennifer yeah , that 's likely . she roll she eye and walk around the gawk guy . frida and Jennifer continue walk in silence for a moment . frida I wonder what it 's like be you . be notice all the time . jennifer people notice you frida . another guy gawk at Jennifer , be not watch where he 's go and bump smack into frida . frida oh , uh , sorry . the guy , still not notice frida , keep walk and turn back around to check out Jennifer 's ass . Jennifer and frida turn a corner and keep walk . both a bit embarrassed , for different reason , at what just happen . they head into a bar / restaurant . Pan up to the name of the restaurant . it 's call " coyote Ugly saloon . " int . restaurant / table - night Jennifer sit between GEORGE and carlton , who both lean in , hang on she every word . they be all have steak . jennifer so I ask the bartender what " coyote ugly " mean . it 's like the " bagger " system . you know , a two - bagger -- someone so ugly that you need two bag -- one bag to put on they head and another one in case it blow off . or a three - bagger ... GEORGE two bag for they , and one bag for you head in case she two fall off . Jennifer , George and carlton laugh . jennifer but coyote ugly ... well it 's so totally offensive ... it 's when a guy wake up with a girl sleep on he arm . he look over , and she 's so ugly that he chew through he own arm to get away from she . carlton and George crack up . too much . pull back to reveal frida , also sit at the table , though a bit apart from the other three , pick meekly at she salad . Jennifer look over and see frida 's not have a good time . jennifer have you hear of that frida ? frida look up from she plate of leave . frida sorry ? I guess I be not listen . I just have really bad pms . a total mood killer . Jennifer , George and carlton just stare at frida . Jennifer put she fork down and clear she throat . jennifer uh , frida ... sorry about the steak house . it 's carlton 's favorite . carlton how come you be a vegetarian ? frida when I be a kid , we could not eat meat on Fridays . I love Fridays because of that . now I can not stand the think of eat bloody flesh . Jennifer , George and carlton look down at they rare steak . suddenly they do not look so great . int . restaurant / bathroom - night Jennifer and frida be in neighbor stall . we see only they foot below the stall and panty around they ankle . Jennifer 's panty be red lace ; frida 's be white cotton . frida he have not say one word to I . jennifer maybe he 's just shy . frida my date always pay more attention to you than to I . jennifer frida , I do not mean this as a criticism , but you might not want to talk about pms around man . frida sorry . it 's just so bad lately . you be so lucky you never get pms . jennifer I get a little bloat sometimes . frida I would kill for just a little bloat . we hear a toilet flush . int . restaurant / table - night George and carlton be sit at the booth , wait for the woman to return from the bathroom . GEORGE it all start with they go to the bathroom together . carlton that many woman in one place -- nothing good can come from that . GEORGE sorry about frida . she 's be friend with Jen forever . carlton what 's with she ? if they be not bleed they be pmsing . if they be not pmsing , they be warning you about the impending doom . if you be lucky , you get a sane person one week a month . then you gotta date three or four woman just to get some normalcy in you life . they laugh . GEORGE I be lucky Jen 's not like that . carlton I do not believe in pms . woman make it up just so they can be bitchy . GEORGE my brother have a answer to pms . a-s-s : abundant sperm syndrome . a man get sperm build - up , and if he woman be not givin ' it to them , he 's gotta get it elsewhere . carlton yeah and when you woman say you be a ass , say yes , I have abundant sperm syndrome . they both laugh . int . restaurant / bathroom - night Jennifer and frida be now in front of the mirror . Jennifer fix she make - up while frida watch she . ecu of Jennifer put lipstick on in slow motion from frida 's Pov . Jennifer smack she lip in a sexy way when she 's do . frida avoid look at herself in the mirror . frida I always say the wrong thing . I should not have come . frida catch a glimpse of herself in the mirror . frida I be coyote ugly . Jennifer look at frida through the mirror . jennifer how about I give you a make-over ? you will feel better about yourself . you be actually pretty , you be just not bring it out . frida you be just say that . Jennifer squint at frida for a closer look . she pull frida 's hair out of the ponytail and try to fluff it up . she take off frida 's glass . jennifer do you really need this ? frida only to see . jennifer can not you get contact ? frida no , it gross I out even think of put something in my eye . jennifer try to get through dinner without they . you have beautiful eye . she snap open frida 's purse and drop the glass inside . frida look at herself in the mirror . we see she Pov and it 's out of focus . int . restaurant / table - night Jennifer and frida rejoin carlton and George at the table . from frida 's Pov thing look blurry . she stumble as she sit down . she squint , hope thing will come back in focus . carlton you two must be in sync . jennifer Excuse I ? GEORGE he be say that when woman be close friend they get they period at the same time . jennifer ( sarcastically ) yeah and when we be mad at each other we be out of sync . it only work if you be on good term . frida or if there 's a full moon . jennifer or if you boyfriend 's a asshole . she elbow George in the stomach . frida try to take a sip from she drink , but because she can not see well she knock it over . everyone stand up and it 's a huge ordeal . frida I be so sorry ! I be such a clutz . she fish in she purse for she glass and put they on as Jennifer help she wipe up the spill drink . int . frida' apartment - night frida 's apartment be neat and conservatively decorate . she 's get some film poster on the wall . frida , in a big puffy bathrobe with bearclaw slipper , lounge on she sofa . sammy , a black cat , sit on she lap purring as frida read a script . she nibble on a chocolate bar . from the way frida shake she head and flip through the page of the script , we can tell it 's awful . int . frida' office - day frida sit at a claustrophobic cubicle . there 's a small stack of screenplays sit in front of she . frida 's on the phone . frida yes , I do think it 's important to tell the mother Teresa story ... but no way can I pitch that to my boss . man ( on phone ) why the hell not ? frida it will not get the rating . he only want " woman in jeopardy " storey . man ( on phone ) how about if mother Teresa 's be stalk by the Pope ? frida only if Jane seymour play mother Teresa and Richard Chamberlain play the Pope . it 's just not for we . I be sorry . good luck with it . frida hear the phone slam down and a dialtone . she hang up just as she boss , mr . grant , barge in and bark at she . mr. grant the nielso n's ? frida on you desk . mr. grant script coverage ? frida on you desk . mr. grant coffee and ... frida you desk . Mr. grant abruptly turn and head back into he office . frida there be a script I want to talk to you about ... I think maybe ... she get up with a script . as she do , she spill she coffee all over the desk . frida ... I could produce it . Mr. grant ignore she and slam the door to he office . frida wipe up the spill coffee with the script . int . shrink office - day frida 's at she shrink 's office . frida I have a dream last night , that I be a doormat . CUT to : ext . front door - day frida lie on she back outside the front door of a house , like a welcome mat . people walk over she . we see from she Pov : people step over she and wiping they shoe on she . back to shrink office the shrink make a note . shrink and what do you think this mean ? frida stare at the shrink for a second , surprised he do not get such a obvious reference . frida that I be a doormat of course . the shrink make more note . shrink oh , I see ... interesting theory . ext . park - day Jennifer and frida sit on a bench surround by shopping bag . jennifer okay , just one more stop and you will be all set . Victoria 's secret . frida what do I need overpriced fancy underwear for ? should not a guy have already decide that he like I before he see I in lingerie ? jennifer it 's not about he see you in it . it 's how you feel . you will feel sexy in lingerie and it will show . it 's a inner thing . frida I do not know . jennifer there 's a sale . it 's such a nice place -- classical music , relax atmosphere . you deserve to pamper yourself . come on , it can not hurt . int . victoria's secret - day Chaos . hardly the " relaxed atmosphere " Jennifer describe . though there be indeed classical music play . CUT to a overhead shot of a huge circular bin of woman 's underpant and another bin of bras . all different color . various woman 's hand pick frantically through the bin , look for the right size and color . sometimes hand grab at the same one simultaneously . the atmosphere seem hectic . woman 1 give I that . you be not a D cup . woman 2 if you be a D cup , I be pamela Anderson . woman 3 be that a medium ? woman 1 why do they have large thongs ? anyone in a large be not gonna be wearin ' no thong . frida where be all the medium ? jennifer frida , grab that red one . Jennifer 's finger point to a red panty and frida snatch it and give it to she . woman 2 large , small . no fuck medium . more and more hand pick through the bras and panty , with increase fervor . frida 's hand grab a pair of blue panty . frida Jennifer , I get a medium ! as frida pull the pair of panty out of the pile , she realize a olive - skinned woman be grab the other end of the panty . they have a bit of a tug of war over it . olive woman that 's mine ! frida no I have it first . the tug of war continue . frida and the olive woman both refuse to let go . it look like they be about to rip when the olive woman 's head come into frame -- the back of she head fill the frame with brunette curl . frida scream . frida ouch ! ext . STREET - day frida and Jennifer walk down the sidewalk with Victoria 's secret shopping bag among other . frida can you believe she fuckin ' bit I ? jennifer and she get the medium . frida even on sale that stuff 's a fortune . I work all week to pay for a bra . frida look at she wrist , which be beginning to swell . frida I think she break the skin . jennifer what a bitch . you should see a doctor . that can be dangerous . George bit I once and I have to go to the emergency room . frida George bit you ? jennifer I kind of ask he to . we be , you know ... he get a little carry away ... frida look at Jennifer uncomfortably . Jennifer smile to herself , reminisc . int . doctor' office - day frida sit , wear a white hospital gown , on a examine table . she 's bored as there be not much to look at and it 's cold in there -- especially in the skimpy gown . she go to a mirror and put on chapstick . she smack she lip as Jennifer have in after put on lipstick . suddenly the door open and nearly hit she . frida back up , embarrassed , as a male doctor in a white coat walk in . he barely look at frida and stare at he clipboard . doctor a bite ... where would you get bitten ? frida at Victoria 's secret . the doctor look up from he clipboard , confuse . frida there be a sale . doctor I mean where on you body ? frida oh , on my wrist . she hold it up for he to see . he take a look at it . doctor a dog at Victoria 's secret ? frida no , it be another woman . the doctor seem skeptical . he examine she wrist closer . doctor this do not look human . do she wear denture or ... damn this be the oddest bite I have ever see . the doctor make a note on he clipboard . doctor how 's the rest of you health ? frida good . except for pms . the doctor resist the temptation to roll he eye . doctor pms . what symptom be you experience ? frida it 's hard to describe . I get really bloat and irritable and emotional and depressed and ... doctor that 's just part of be a woman . diet and exercise should help . avoid salt , sugar , starch , caffeine , alcohol ... frida what else be there ? doctor and keep a journal of you symptom to make sure it 's related to you period and not just in you head . frida it 's not just in my head . the doctor snap he folder shut and head for the door . doctor I will send a nurse in to clean that bite and give you a tetanus shot . and a raby shot ... just in case . int . frida' apartment - night frida chomp on a carrot . she press play on she answer machine and pick up a frame picture of herself and MARK . they be both smile . frida put the picture back , face down . frida' mom ( on machine ) it 's mom . I run into herman today . I wish you would move back home and marry he . he 's get a great job at penney . I do not know why you be in New York with all that freak . sammy , the black cat , whizze by with he tail puffed . frida enter the kitchen and see the cat 's dish be empty . she get a cat food can out of the cupboard and accidentally scratch herself . she notice she nail be surprisingly long . she stare at they , confuse , then open the cat food . frida sammy ? seafood feast ? frida sniff the cat food as though it smell good to she . she nearly eat some -- then shake she head , realize it be a crazy think . she stand up and sniff around she kitchen . she search the cupboard . then the refrigerator . it 's full of fruit and vegetable . the other cupboard have healthy stuff as well . frida slam the cupboard shut . obviously not find what she 's look for . a montage with jump cut as frida pace in circle . she clip she fingernails and toenail , which be quite long and thick . she go to the refrigerator , open the door , look in and close the door . she do this several time as if its content will change the next time she open it . she pace faster and faster in a tighter circle . she feel claustrophobic in she clothes and practically rip they off . int . grocery store - night frida hurriedly shove several chocolate bar in she basket , which be fill with junk food ( freeze yogurt , chocolate - cover pretzel , dorito ) , a box of tampon , and some midol . frida sense someone watch she as she grab a bag of hershey 's kiss . she look up and see bruno , a intrigue - look man . they make eye-contact and he smile at she . frida be nervous but flatter . she head for the cashier . ext . grocery store / STREET - night we see frida walk from behind . we be in the Pov of someone who 's follow she . then cu frida as she continue walk , hold she grocery bag . she sense someone follow she and spin around to look . she see bruno walk behind she . she smile a tad and then turn back around and keep walk . she hear bruno 's pace quicken and she quicken she own . we see frida from bruno 's Pov as he speed up and be gain on she . what start out as a briefly sexy moment have suddenly become kind of scary . cu on frida walk fast . we hear she heart beat fast . bruno catch up to she -- he 's right behind she . frida can hear he breathe hard . frida spin around and stare at bruno . her normally blue yes look oddly bright -- like they be orange . she swipe at the bruno 's face with she fingernails and slashes he . he jump back in pain and cover he face . bruno Jesus Christ ! he pull he hand from he face to reveal large bloody scratch on he cheek . he look up at frida , but she 's go . int . frida' apartment - night frida , in she bathrobe , be down chocolate bar rabidly . her cat , sammy , be hide , frighten under the bed . int . frida' apartment - morning frida 's asleep on the sofa with she bathrobe drape over she . she wake up slowly , in a daze , like she have a bad hang -over . she look around , squinting -- the light hurt she eye . her apartment 's in disarray -- furniture move around . she sit up and put she bathrobe on , realize it 's rip . frida sammy ? frida get up and notice the cat food dish be empty . she open a can of cat food . the cat 's nowhere to be see . int . frida' bathroom - day frida look in the mirror . she examine she arm and leg and think they look hairy . they look fine , but she 's obsessed . she have a quick flash in which they look hairier , but then they be normal again . be it all in she head ? frida lean closer to the mirror and scrutinize she face and " mustache " area . she then open the medicine cabinet and find some neet liquid hair remover and turn on the shower . int . frida' bedroom - day frida take a brand new bra out of she Victoria 's secret shopping bag . she put on the bra -- it 's clearly too tight . she adjust the strap to no avail -- she 's still bulg out . she pull on a shirt and blazer . frida grab she coat and briefcase and leave . as soon as she shut the door , the cat come out and go to its food dish . ext . park bench - day frida sit in the sunshine eat chocolate pudding like there 's no tomorrow as she read a script . she wear tennis shoe with she suit . she feel a little hot and unbutton the top few button of she blouse . gregory , a tall , good - look guy in a suit , stand casting he shadow on she . frida be startle for a moment . she look up at he loom over she , but he 's hard to see since the sun be right behind he . gregory do not mean to scare ya . it 's frida , right ? I be Gregory . from accounting . frida 's a little uneasy about he stare at she chest . frida I know . gregory so you be grant 's secretary ? frida I do development for tv movie . gregory oh , a D - girl . you know ... I have a really great idea for a screenplay . frida try to avoid cring . frida ( slightly sarcastic ) you be kid , really ? gregory no , I be serious . how about we have dinner and I tell you about it ? ext . police build - day two male police detective , peter and lloyd , be get out of a unmark car . lloyd Nah , I do not wanna break up with wanda , I just wanna see carmen too . peter man , you be livin ' dangerously . let I ask you somethin' , you always have to get woman drunk before they will sleep with you ? lloyd you kiddin ' ? they try to get I drunk . peter you be some catch Lloyd . lloyd hey , you hear about the chick that come in today ? Said some chick bit she at Victoria 's secret . bitches be outta control this day . int . frida' apartment - day frida , in she rip bathrobe , be set up she new makeup on a table . she hear a knock on the door and head for it . frida Jennifer , you be early ... she open the door and see MARK , the guy from the photo she would put face down . Mark be cute , but a bit of a geek . he do have the nice brown eye frida mention earlier . he carry a McDonald 's bag and be eat a french fry . frida what be you do here Mark ? he push he way past she and into the apartment . MARK I miss you . I want to see you . frida 's skeptical . MARK hey what 's all this stuff ? he shove aside some of the makeup and put down he McDonald 's bag on the table . frida Jennifer 's give I a makeover . Mark take a burger out of the bag and unwrap it . frida sniff at the burger . MARK what , you get a date or somethin' ? frida since when do you care ? frida lustily eye the burger . Mark see she check it out . MARK sorry , I know you hate the sight of meat . Mark look at frida for a moment -- for the first time really since he barge in . MARK you look different . I mean you look good . frida you never say that . MARK you do though . you look really ... be that a wonderbra ? frida no . he walk closer to she . frida back up . Mark move in closer , put he arm around she and try to kiss she . frida turn she head away from he kiss . she look down and see the burger , which sit on the table behind Mark . ecu of the burger look delicious like in a commercial . frida sniff and make a little moan -- she 's completely focus on the burger . Mark think she 's moan for he , and he continue kissing she neck . as he do , frida reach down , pick up the burger and take a huge bite out of it . close on frida 's face as we see she sheer near-orgasmic enjoyment of the burger . suddenly Mark jerk away . MARK ouch ! shit ! what the fuck ? he twist he arm to reach around to feel he back . completely ignore Mark 's pain , frida take a few more chomp of the burger as though she have not eat in day . Mark lift he shirt , which be rip . he see in the mirror that he back have huge bleed scratch on it . MARK look what you do ! frida oh my god , I be sorry ! MARK shit . and you be eat my burger ? you do not eat meat . frida I can not help it , it smell so good . frida finish the burger with a enormous bite and then run into the bathroom and get rub alcohol and a cotton ball . MARK fuck you have sharp nail . frida dab he scratch with the rub alcohol . MARK ouch that sting ! damn , what be I go to do with my back like this ? frida worried about what all you girlfriend might think ? MARK frida , you know you be it for I . frida yeah right ... you better go . frida pull he towards the door . Mark grab he empty burger wrapper and fries . MARK hey wait , I pay three buck for that burger . you owe I ... frida you have not even pay I back the thousand buck you owe I ! MARK I be work on it ... frida roll she eye . she drag he and push he out the door . Mark 's surprised by how strong frida be . frida slam the door and lock it . int . frida' apartment - later ecus of Jennifer put make - up on frida . frida why do Gregory ask I out ? I mean he 's cute -- he probably just want to pitch he screenplay idea . jennifer maybe he like you , ever think of that ? it 's good for you to go out -- get you mind off Mark . frida you be so lucky you have George and do not need to go on date anymore . jennifer what I really hate about dating be the line guy use to get into my apartment . " can I use you phone ? " " how about a nightcap ? " " I want to meet you cat . " and my all - time favorite , the old standby , " I have to use you bathroom . " frida maybe they have to pee . jennifer be you kid ? he might as well say , " can I date rape you ? " frida I never think of it like that . I never know what to do on date . do guy still pay ? jennifer they better . of course , trouble be , you never know what they will expect for it . you gotta know what to order , and what you be willing to do . like if a guy spend a fortune on you , he 's gonna feel like you owe he something . frida look worried . she pick up a big hand mirror on the table and look at herself . frida oh my god , I have a mustache ! Jennifer look closely at frida 's face . jennifer where ? frida where ? where do you think a mustache would be . look ! jennifer I do not see anything . maybe just a little . frida Holy shit , I be a freak . jennifer you be not frida , we all have a little hair there . I do not even notice till you show I . we can bleach that , it 's no big deal . Jennifer brushes frida 's hair . she pause and look at frida 's eye . jennifer hey , do you get contact ? frida ( suddenly realize she 's not wear glass ) oh , my glass ! maybe my eye get stronger from not wear they . int . restaurant - night frida sit across the table from Gregory . gregory you hungry ? frida starve . a waiter hand each of they a menu . gregory have whatever you want . my treat . they each look at menus . the entree be list from lighter fair down to steak . cu of each menu item and its price . frida do a double - take at she menu . instead of see a dollar amount , frida read it like this , " chef 's salad = french kiss and groping ; pasta special = heavy petting and breast feel ; Chicken marsala = blow job ; Steak frite = regular Fucking ; surf and turf lobster = kinky sex till you be sore . " gregory man I be starve too , I think I will go for the surf and turf . frida I be not really hungry after all . gregory you say you be starve . come on , I can not stand a woman who will not eat . frida hungrily eye a steak the waiter pass by with . she inhale deeply . frida maybe just one little steak ... int . restaurant - night ( later ) cu of frida eat . devour everything on she plate . slow dolly in to cu of frida as Gregory go on about himself . gregory my senior year , I be wait for that letter from Harvard . I would hear from Yale . get in . Brown , MIT , get in . but Harvard ... here 's the suspense ... a letter come ... and everyone know if it 's a thin envelope you do not get in , right ? so I get a thin envelope and I be not even gonna open it . I be just gonna jump off a bridge . Cause it be Harvard or bust ... frida look up momentarily as she rip off a particularly tough piece of meat . her food be much more interesting than she date . Gregory blur a bit into the background . his voice be slightly alter -- as now we be hearing he subtext . gregory okay let 's face it , I get into Harvard cause my dad donate $ 50,000 . I barely get a thousand on my sat and be kick outta prep school , but hey , that 's life . I have a really small penis . which be why I tell storey about how great I be . I be also lose my hair and I have no interest in a relationship . I just want you to like my screenplay idea but I do expect you to fuck I later ... the camera 's still on frida as she 's eat . she look up at Gregory again momentarily as he snap back into focus . gregory so there I be , hang from the edge of a bridge , when my mom say , " Son , you get into Harvard ! " it take three of they to pull I back ! frida keep eat . gregory well , whattdaya think ? frida that 's great . highly original . frida clean she plate with she finger and lick it . Gregory stare at she . he 's only half finish -- he 's be busy talk , and she 's be busy eat . frida eye he half - eat steak and point at it with she fork . frida be you gonna finish that ? ext . frida' apartment build - night Gregory be walk frida home . she get she key out . frida I would really feel more comfortable pay for my half of the dinner . gregory hey , how about a little nightcap ? he lean against the door , block frida as she try to unlock the door . frida I be really tired . gregory come on , do not all that steak make you thirsty ? frida no. really , I be ... I do not feel well . I have get terrible pms . gregory they say sex be great for cramp . frida well I have it worse than cramp . goodnight Gregory . she try to push he aside from the door . he do not budge . in fact he lean closer to frida . she can feel he breath . gregory can I use you bathroom ? frida spin around . frida what ? gregory I really gotta pee . frida you should have go at the restaurant . gregory I do not have to pee then . frida my apartment 's just such a mess . gregory that 's okay . I just have to use the bathroom and then I will leave . frida oh come on . knock it off . gregory knock what off ? frida you do not have to pee . gregory yes I do have to pee ! frida you be just say that to get into my apartment and then you be hope that will turn into something else . gregory I would not mind doin ' something else , but I do really have to pee . frida uh huh . so pee . gregory so pee ? here ? frida yeah . whip it out . you want I to see it -- that 's what this be all about , right ? Gregory look at she , not sure if she 's serious . then he take a step back and look around to make sure no one 's watch . he then unzip he pants and pee . frida have the urge to laugh for a moment , but then she hold it back . a awkward moment as Gregory take a really long time to pee . he look over at frida once or twice , and they exchange a awkward glance . finally he 's do and he zip up he pants . frida and Gregory look at each other . frida 's eye seem to glow . she take a step towards he . Gregory 's take off guard as frida grab he and kiss he . fade to white and dissolve into next scene . ext . frida' apartment build - morning dissolve down from a bright morning sky and then dolly in quietly on the building . int . frida' bedroom - morning 31 move in slowly on a cu of frida sleep . she wake up and squirm around a little . she notice a bloody handprint on she pillowcase and jolt awake . she bolt up and see blood on she hand . she quickly push she sheet down and see more blood on she white sheet and on she leg . she sigh , realize she 's get she period . frida thank god . frida look around and squint . her vision 's blurry . she grab she glass and put they on . she see sammy curl up at the foot of she bed , purring . she pet he . frida even you know when pms be over . ext . frida' apartment build - morning frida and Jennifer be each hold laundry basket full of laundry . frida be juggling try to lock she door while balance she basket on she leg . frida it be like I wake up in a murder scene . it take I a few second to realize it be just my period . I must have have a bad dream . Peter and Lloyd be at the end of the hallway look at frida and Jennifer , but the woman do not notice they . peter we be look for frida Harris . frida and Jennifer turn and see Peter and Lloyd approach . frida I be frida Harris . her eye lock with Peter 's . there 's some attraction there , but we do not dwell on the moment too long . lloyd be in no way subtle check out both woman . peter we be police detective . frida feel guilty . she 's not sure why . maybe just cause she 's Catholic . lloyd it 's about Gregory jameson . he 's dead . frida oh my god , what happen ? peter he be find a few block away . lloyd torn apart . limb from limb . a bloody gruesome mess . frida look down at she laundry and see the bloody sheet on the top . Peter and lloyd look down and see it too . frida I have a little accident . Jennifer see frida be embarrassed . both man stare at she bloody sheet . Lloyd clear he throat . jennifer Jesus Christ she get she period . relax guy . it happen . peter yeah , sorry . uh ... Gregory 's roommate tell we you be out with he last night . frida yes ... I ... we have dinner . lloyd do he come home with you ? do you go to he apartment ? frida no , it be we first date . lloyd look like it be you only date . unless you go to he funeral . Lloyd chuckle . Peter shoot he a look . peter when 's the last time you see he ? frida we ... he walk I home and ... we say goodnight . um , he kiss I goodnight and that be it . lloyd a kiss ? do you have sex with he ? frida no , I say it be we first date . jennifer how the hell be that you business ? peter we be just try to figure out what happen . frida I wish I could help but last I see Gregory be outside my front door . peter okay , if you think of anything else , please give we a call . Peter try to hand frida a business card , but she have no hand free so he put it on she bloody sheet . Lloyd can not keep he eye off the bloody sheet . lloyd uh ... mind if we take that sheet in for testing ? you know , to rule everything out . frida turn red . jennifer you want she sheet ? peter we can just take this pillowcase . lloyd we can get a warrant if you like . frida no , take it . Peter slip on a glove and pick up the pillowcase with the bloody handprint on it . he 's nearly as embarrassed as frida . they eye lock for a moment , then they both avert they gaze . peter sorry . int . laundromat - morning frida and Jennifer be take they clothes out of dryer . frida he 's dead ? be I bad luck or what ? jennifer there you go , blame yourself for everything again . frida and he be rip limb from limb ? jennifer I be sure they be exaggerate . frida why would they exaggerate ? jennifer to sound like big macho cop . he be probably just find with a knife in he back . Jennifer look up at frida , who look overwhelm . jennifer so do you do it ? frida do I kill he ? of course not ! jennifer no , do you fuck he ? frida no . I do not think so . jennifer you do not think so ? you either do or you do not . frida I do not remember . we kiss at my door and next thing I know I wake up with my period . alone . jennifer do you get smashed or what ? you have to eat if you be drink . and not just that little salad . frida I eat a burger in the afternoon and a steak and a half with Gregory . jennifer I guess you be off that vegetarian kick you have be on for ten year . frida I could not stop eat steak . I feel out of control -- like I be make up for all that year be a vegetarian . I could not get enough . and then Gregory walk I home ... and he peed in front of I . jennifer what ? why the hell do he do that ? frida he be try to get into my apartment and ... I know this sound gross but I be so turn on . I grab he and kiss he ! jennifer and then ? frida I think I go in and fall asleep . I guess Gregory walk home and get kill ! I black out . jennifer at least you pms be over . frida and my bra finally fit again . Jennifer fold some of George 's boxer short . jennifer I think you be go to stop wear you glass . frida my vision get worse again . frida pull out a pair of man 's brief from the dryer . Jennifer eye they suspiciously . jennifer be that mark ? frida no , Mark wear boxer . they must have be in the dryer already . jennifer uh huh ... good thing that cop do not see that . frida pick up Peter 's card . frida he be cute , huh ? of course whenever I meet a guy , I be wear no make -up . jennifer rule one : always wear make -up . frida I wonder if he 's marry . jennifer he be not wear a ring . but you do not want to date a cop frida . they be so blue collar . frida leave the brief on the laundry table . she notice they be rip . int . police office - day Peter and Lloyd be go over some papers . lloyd I do not trust she . all that blood on the sheet . she may look sweet , but she could be a wolf in sheep 's clothing . something 's weird . peter that dude be tear limb from limb . no way a woman like that could have do it . you never see blood on a chick 's sheet from she period ? lloyd Hell no , I be not into that shit . the sight of blood make I sick . peter oh , so you decide to be a cop ? seriously ? you do not have sex with a woman cause she 's on the rag ? lloyd no man . blood be not a turn on . you sure let that frida off the hook . you be not even go to take the sheet . if I do not know better , I would think you like she . peter I can tell she 's not a killer . you just do not like she cause you have a hang up about menstruation . lloyd Nah , man , I be just say , you should never date a woman who be the last one to see a guy alive . int . frida' apartment - day Jennifer be give frida a manicure . she 's filing she nail . jennifer you nail be so tough and pointy . what be this stuff under they ? Jennifer scrape what look like flesh from under she nail . the phone ring . frida ignore it . it 's probably my mom . the machine pick up . frida ( on machine ) hi it 's frida . leave a message ! the machine beep . MARK ( on machine ) frida , frida , frida . I get so hot think about yesterday . my scratch have almost heal and I be ready for more . Jennifer freeze . jennifer Gross , so this be Mark 's flesh ? when do you see he ? frida um , he stop by yesterday before you come over . jennifer why do not you tell I ? you say you have not see he for a month . frida I be sorry . I do not want you to think I be still a doormat . jennifer frida , I be you friend . I be not judge you ... you do not sleep with the creep do you ? int . frida' office - day frida sit at she desk type at she computer . a larger stack of script sit beside she . Mr. grant walk by and plop several more on she desk . frida 's look bury in script . mr. grant find I that " woman in Jeopardy " story . he start to pass by as usual , then stop , stare at frida , look she up and down . he 's notice something have change . frida how about a " man in Jeopardy " story ? mr. grant do you change you hair ? frida a little . Mr. grant nod and continue on he way . frida give he the look of death . int . shrink office - day frida sit at she shrink 's office . frida I have the strangest dream -- that I be really hungry , and I be chase someone ... I think I be some sort of animal . and my sex drive ... it 's embarrassing but I have have this sexual dream too . the shrink lean forward eagerly . shrink anything about bestiality ? frida look back at he quizzically . frida what 's that ? ext . STREET - day Peter and Lloyd be walk . Peter 's read a lab report . lloyd frida 's sheet check out fine . it be just she own blood . from she ... you know . peter I tell you she be innocent . lloyd hey , there be a lot of blood . peter she be never a suspect Lloyd . some animal must have do this . lloyd I check all the zoo . no miss animal . you think a pitbull ? peter maybe . what about all that hair they find on he body ? lloyd wait for DNA test . he be hairier than madonna in penthouse . peter madonna 's in penthouse ? lloyd back in the ' 80' . you do not see the picture ? they be from before she get famous . she be hairy as hell . her pit , she bush . peter hairy woman be kind of sexy . woman in they natural state . Lloyd give Peter a gross out , horrify look . peter what ? lloyd and you think I be sick ? int . frida' office - day frida sit at she desk , type a letter . we hear a voice over of what she 's type . frida ( v.o. ) thank you for you submission of " woman on the tracks . " although the story of a woman be rescue by Fabio after be tie to the train track be indeed the kind of lame ass " woman in Jeopardy " genre that my company seek , I cannot of sound mind pass this script on to anyone . in a nutshell : it suck . Mr. grant walk by and dump a few script on frida 's desk . frida wait . Mr. grant . he keep walk . frida rise and speak with more authority . frida Mr. grant . he stop in he track , surprised at she tone . he turn around slowly . frida I can not read any more crap . this woman be all victim . mr. grant yes , that 's what we be look for . frida I think we should do something with strong female character ... mr. grant I will make a note of that . put the coverage on my desk . Mr. grant walk into he office . frida sit down , satisfied and surprised she have the nerve to speak to he like that . int . doctor' office - day frida sit across from she doctor as he examine she wrist . doctor that bite heal up quickly . it 's be about three week ? frida nearly four . doctor how have you be feel ? frida okay , but I be worried about the next pms bout . it 's get worse . I be not myself during it . I get bloat , irritable , my breast get huge , my nail turn into claw , my tooth get sharper and I have more facial and body hair . doctor sound all stress related . you tooth may feel sharper if you be grind they at night . you do not seem hairy to I . be that all ? frida I get crazy dream and I black out . doctor diet and exercise , that 's all there be . I be not a big proponent of the pms craze , but there 's a book my wife mention call " the pms diet , " which may be helpful . frida do she have pms ? doctor now it 's menopause . she 's always hot . I gotta wear a parka around the house cause she keep it so cold . it 's always something . montage of frida dieting and exercise -- eat carrot and salad . work out at a gym . sometimes with Jennifer . jogging . show a passage of time and frida try to overcome pms . ext . bookstore - day Peter , wear a " University of Michigan " T-shirt , be stand across the street from the bookstore . frida walk out of the bookstore with a shopping bag and head down the sidewalk . Peter follow she . frida keep walk but sense someone 's follow she . she turn around quickly and see Peter duck behind a corner . she think about this for a second and then turn around and head for he . Peter realize he 's be see and face the music . peter you bust I . frida be you follow I ? peter no ... no ... this be embarrassing . I be return you pillowcase ... and I see you cross the street ... and I sort of start follow you . I just find you really intrigue . I do not know why . frida intrigue ? someone walk by , walk a dog . the dog bark viciously at frida , and the dog 's owner have a tough time control he . frida look afraid . Peter 's a little weird out too . the dog 's owner finally drag the bark dog away . frida I gotta get go . Peter get the pillowcase out of he bag . peter at least let I give you this back . I wash it . just as Peter hand frida the pillowcase , Mark ride by in he bike . he screech to a halt , nearly fall off he bike . Mark stare at the pillowcase . MARK what 's go on frida ? Peter check Mark out . less like a cop than a jealous suitor . Mark look at Peter like he want to kill he . frida where would you get the bike ? MARK I be kinda borrow it . who 's this , Mr. date - guy ? Mark , clearly jealous , look at Peter , then the pillowcase . frida no , this be Peter . he 's a cop . Mark suddenly seem nervous . MARK oh , hi , uh , pete. gotta run frida . he take off on he bike . Peter and frida watch he ride off . peter be a cop have such a warm effect on people . frida that 's my ex . he 's a asshole . in case you could not tell . I think he 's be follow I . peter there 's a lot of that go around . she start walk . Peter walk beside she . peter you wanna get some coffee ? frida I be try to stay away from caffeine . peter some decaf then ? that be stupid . obviously you say you be stay away from caffeine as a nice way of blow I off . frida no. really . I do not drink coffee anymore . I use to love it but my taste have change recently . peter okay well . maybe some other time . they continue walk together . peter so what book do you buy ? frida oh , it 's nothing . peter no really , I love know what people read . frida it 's stupid . peter I can forgive you a bestseller . frida take she book out of she bag . it say " the pms diet . " peter my mom use to get pms too . frida use to ? do it stop finally ? peter no , she die when I be twelve . frida I be sorry . peter I have have time to get over it . she be kill by wolf they think . frida oh my god , by wolf ? a chill run down frida 's spine . peter we live in northern Minnesota . she go for a walk one night and they never find she body -- just she tear apart clothes with she blood and wolf blood on they . then the town round up bunch of hunter and shot all the wolf in the area . frida I be so sorry Peter . gee , that sure put my problem in perspective . peter the weird thing be I have have a odd , morbid fascination with wolf ever since . ext . brooklyn bridge - day frida and Peter be walk across the bridge . the sun begin set . they look like they have talk all day . frida I have read script about detective , but never meet one . must be wild . peter sometimes it 's frustrating . like this Gregory jameson case . we do not even know what kill he . I be put together little detail to see if we be miss something . frida like what ? peter you know how mom always tell you to wear clean underwear in case you be in a accident ? well this guy be not wear any underwear . frida a lot of people do not wear underwear . peter yeah but a guy hang like a horse would need brief to keep thing in line . frida blushes . peter sorry . sometimes I be a bit frank . they keep walk for a few moment . frida how about you ? brief or boxer ? peter brief . frida cool . I do not get guy who wear boxer . my ex wear boxer . I never get how he could wear khakis and not have he boxer bunch up . peter I neither . that 's why I wear brief ... so why do you and ... Mark break up ? frida he 's bad news . he cheat on I , he insult I . now suddenly he get jealous if I have a date . they keep walk . cu of Peter and frida 's hand as they accidentally hit a few time as they walk . Peter reach over and touch she finger . they hold hand for a moment , then frida let go . ext . NY CITY - night night shot from throughout NY city . we hear frida and Peter 's dialog over ominous shot . frida I really gotta get go . peter thanks for the walk . maybe we could ... get a bite sometime ? frida yeah . maybe . peter goodnight . frida goodnight . we see the moon and it 's nearly full . int . frida' apartment - day Jennifer and frida , on they way in , plunk themselves down with big shopping bag . frida I do not think I have ever actually like anyone I have date before . Peter even like I without makeup . jennifer hmmm . sound suspicious . frida I do not know much about he . how do you know if a guy be decent ? jennifer give he the tampon test . frida what the hell be the tampon test ? jennifer you be at he place , and you come out of the bathroom look all shy and say , " I be so embarrassed but could you run out and get I some tampon ? " if he say no , he 's too embarrassed , then you know he 's a wus . if he say he 's get some in the bathroom , then you know there be other woman around a lot . but if he say yes and go to get you tampon , well then he 's a decent guy . then , while he 's out ... Jennifer 's voice over continue into the next scene . int . peter' apartment / live room - night frida be search through Peter 's desk . jennifer ( v.0 . ) ... you search he apartment . look for drug in he medicine cabinet , look for picture of woman , look for bank statement . frida look at some frame picture , one of Peter when he be a boy with he mother . lot of picture of Peter as a teenager with wolf - look dog . she search some drawer and find just normal guy stuff . his police badge . his bookshelve be fill with wolf - related book : Virginia Wolf , Thomas wolfe , the Three Little Pigs , Little Red Riding Hood . his CD collection : Bob seeger and the Silver bullet Band and Los lobo . suddenly she hear the front door open . she quickly straighten herself up and spin around as Peter open the door hold a bag full of tampon box . peter I do not know what kind to get . he dump out the bag . he get every make and model of tampon . peter so I get one of each . int . peter' dine room - night frida sit at a candle - light dining room table while Peter serve she a dinner he 's cook and pour she some wine . frida notice some bullet in a glass frame on the wall . frida what be that ? peter Silver bullet . a collector item . this be very valuable . they be melt down from a crucifix . frida what be they for ? peter oh just my wolf paraphernalia . some people collect beanie baby ... I collect silver bullet . they both eat . frida take a sip of wine . int . peter' live room - night frida and Peter be on the floor in front of the fireplace . they have a long , slow , ongoing kiss and cling to each other while they have dialog in between . peter so ... do you rummage through my stuff while I be go ? he kiss she again . frida what ? they kiss between sentence . peter I be a cop -- I notice everything . that drawer 's ajar , that picture 's be move about a inch , the closet be not close when I leave ... frida okay , you bust I . they continue to kiss . thing start get hot and heavy . frida lie back on the ground and gently pull Peter on top of she . they kiss for a moment then Peter pull away . frida what 's wrong ? peter oh , nothing 's wrong . just ... well do not you have you period ? frida my period ? no . Peter 's confuse . peter but ... what be that tampon for ? frida remember now . frida oh , yes , you be right . I guess I get carry away in the moment . frida straighten herself up . peter I mean we can still ... whatever ... maybe I should get a towel ? frida no . no , I be fine . maybe I should go . I mean ... I do not want we first time to be like this . peter frida , wait . do not go . we can just sleep . I just want to wake up with you . frida have a itch on she arm . she look at it and in a quick flash , she arm look incredibly hairy -- then it return to normal . frida 's freak out . she put she arm behind she back . Peter do not get what 's wrong . frida I have to go . I be not good at relationship . int . frida' bedroom - morning frida wake up . she squint instinctively and look for she glass . then she realize she can see clearly and do not need they . sammy the cat immediately whizze by hiss and duck into the other room . frida look insulted . frida look in the hand mirror and notice she eye have a strange glow . she open she mouth and she lower tooth look a bit like wolf ' tooth . she look back up at she eye again and blink , do a double take . she look down at she tooth again and now they seem normal . frida inspect she face for facial hair . she touch she breast , which feel large and painful . int . frida' kitchen - day frida look through the " the pms diet " book and make a list . strange spice , odd and completely unappetize ingredient . montage of frida come back into apartment with all the diet regimen stuff -- also bottle of neet hair remover and tough nail clipper , midol . some ultra-quick cut -- jump cut , etc. of frida work out , try to stick with she diet . finally a shot of she cover in chocolate like Al pacino with cocaine in " scarface . " int . frida' apartment - day frida , still with chocolate on she face , be on the phone . frida I be freaking out . I be like a animal and totally out of control . my arm keep get really hairy . jennifer ( on phone ) you have to stop be so self - critical frida . frida I look like a italian man ! Jennifer laugh over the phone . frida 's dead serious . int . jennifer' bedroom - day Jennifer , also on a cordless phone , be get ready to go out . she wear a tight dress and be put on red lipstick . George come up behind she and kiss she neck . jennifer how would it go with the cop ? frida ( on phone ) we almost sleep together ... and ... then the hair start and I book . jennifer frida , this hair thing be all in you head . you be use it as a excuse not to get close to anyone . frida ( on phone ) it 's just as well . I be afraid of get hurt again . Mark seem great at first too . I do not want to get too attach to Peter and then find out he 's a creep . jennifer hey , carlton 's in town -- come out with the three of we . George hear this , shake he head and motion to Jennifer furiously with he hand , " no , no ! " Jennifer shrug he off . frida ( on phone ) carlton hate I . George glare at Jennifer . she playfully blow he a kiss . back to frida' apartment jennifer ( on phone ) no he do not . come on , I do not want to be alone with that two . all they talk about be basketball and it bore the hell out of I . frida okay . I guess so . jennifer ( on phone ) great . George be meeting carlton first for drink . we can meet and go together . it will be a blast . int . peter' apartment - day Peter 's eat a tv dinner , alone . he 's do a crossword puzzle . cu of the puzzle -- Peter have write the name " frida " everywhere . int . jennifer' apartment - day Jennifer finish she make - up and George pace the room . jennifer come on , I have be work with frida . carlton will not even recognize she now . she 's really come out of she shell . GEORGE she 's just so ... pathetic . jennifer she 's just insecure . once you get to know she she 's fabulous . GEORGE she will talk about pms and stare at she salad . int . frida' bathroom - day a montage as frida spread neet on she body in the shower . frida get dress . her breast be so big that she can not fit into she biggest bra . she improvise with some tape . ext . STREET - dusk a pair of high heel walk down the street . we hear a guy 's whistle . Pan up the sexy leg that wear they . she 's wear a miniskirt and a short jacket . finally we get to she face and it 's frida ! she 's a knockout . beside she walk Jennifer . frida 's sexier than we have see she . even Jennifer look at she like , " wow . " the pms start again make she sexy . frida I start out on that eye - of - newt diet the doctor give I and wound up in the tub cover in chocolate . jennifer well whatever it be , seem to have work cause you look great . frida you be just say that . a couple of cute guy pass by . Jennifer look at they , expect they to comment on she as man usually do . instead , the guy be check out frida . cute guy hey there beautiful . frida and Jennifer keep walk . frida what do he say ? jennifer I think he call you beautiful . frida oh my god . I have never have that before . I have have guy say they want I to suck they dick and gross stuff but no one 's ever say " hey there beautiful . " Jennifer 's obviously a bit miff that the comment be not direct at she . int . restaurant - night cu of frida eat rare steak . pull back to reveal carlton and George on each side of she , hang on she every word as they have be with Jennifer on the previous date . Jennifer sit a bit off to the side feel slightly leave out . carlton guess you like that coyote Ugly steak now , huh ? frida sorry , do not mean to be wolfing down . I be just starve . carlton do not apologize . it 's great to see a woman really enjoy she food . I hate it when I buy a woman dinner and she will not even touch it . GEORGE yeah Jen here 's always dieting and eat like a bird . Jennifer be pick at she plate . carlton no one I have run into know what " coyote ugly " mean . frida maybe that bartender make it up . I mean I think coyote be rather beautiful . maybe " coyote ugly " be really a compliment . like someone who 's conventionally " ugly " but be really beautiful . carlton yeah that 's like a three bagger . today a bag be also a condom , so now a three bagger can be a chick that 's really hot . so hot you gotta put several condom on to dull the sense . jennifer charm carlton . frida it be so hot in here . frida take off she jacket which reveal she newly large breast nearly bulg out of she shirt . everyone at the table can not help but notice . frida bag mean condom now ? I can not keep up with the word " bag . " it use to be " no , that 's not my bag " -- meaning not my thing . but now " my bag " mean " my fault . " jennifer I still think it be a purse . GEORGE you forget the verb . to bag . " I want to bag she . " frida yeah but do that mean fuck she or kill she ? like a body bag ? frida gulp down she water . before she have a chance to ask for more , carlton and George trip over themselves get the waiter 's attention . carlton waiter ! she need more water . GEORGE can we get some service here ? Jennifer take she cigarette pack out and offer one to George . he take one as do Jennifer . she put she cigarette in she mouth and George light he . Jennifer lean over , expect George to light she cigarette as well , but he 's not pay attention to she , so he blow out he match . Jennifer be not amused . frida 's eye light up at the smoke . frida I have to go to the bathroom . she bolt up , wave away the smoke . Jennifer follow she . int . restaurant / bathroom - night frida and Jennifer be fix they make - up in the mirror . jennifer you might want to tape you nipple down next time . it 's really distracting . frida I can not help it . my bra would not even fit . I have be go to Victoria 's secret and exchange bras for bigger one and still I be busting out . it 's this pms . jennifer geez , I wish I would get it like that . frida no you do not , believe I . frida look at she arm . frida oh my god , look . my arm be so hairy ! jennifer no they be not . they compare arm . frida yes they be ! look how much more hair I have than you ! jennifer it 's just cause mine be finer . a little bleach will fix that . frida I look like fuckin' chewbacca . a shot of frida and Jennifer 's arm and we do not see much difference in they . int . restaurant / booth - night carlton and George back at the table . carlton no way be that the same chick . the other one be a dog . GEORGE Jennifer give she a make-over . carlton look like a helluva lot more than a make-over . be there surgery involved ? George and carlton ponder this . ext . central park - night frida and carlton walk through a remote area of Central Park . carlton sorry I do not recognize you earlier . you look so different . frida I have change a lot lately . carlton stop walk . frida stop as well . carlton touch frida 's hair . frida look at he like she 's tempt . she sniff , then turn away and keep walk . carlton walk too . carlton light a cigarette . frida flinch . her eye glow . frida you should not smoke . it will kill you . carlton yeah yeah I know . smoke kill . I will quit someday . do not it seem like all the cool people smoke ? frida no . carlton James Dean , humphrey bogart ... frida yul brynner . they be all dead . carlton yeah but they look cool ... carlton 's voice trail off as he ramble on . meanwhile frida be feel strange symptom . she 's scratch like a dog . she smell something and start sniff around . frida hear snippet of other conversation in various part of the park : a hold - up , a couple argue , a couple make out . frida 's head be spin and she 's breathe heavily . she hear carlton again . carlton as James Dean say , " live fast , die young , and leave a good-look corpse . " ecu of frida scratch herself with wolfian nail . frida what ? carlton you lip look delicious . frida circle he slowly , stare into he eye . he 's turn on and intrigue . she take off she jacket , breathe heavily . she zone in closer . finally she 's within reach distance , and carlton grab she waist and pull she toward he . carlton wow you body 's really hot . frida I have be work out . carlton I mean body temperature . do you have a fever ? frida never feel better . she pull the cigarette out of he hand and stomp it out . she grab he face and kiss he passionately . then she pull away violently , which send he spin for a second . he look up and she 's vanish . all carlton see be darkness . carlton frida ? be it something I say ? int . jennifer' apartment - night George be lift some free weight . Jennifer 's try on a wonderbra , try to make she chest look bigger . jennifer I wonder how frida and carlton be get along ? GEORGE carlton insisted on leave with she . maybe he get lucky . jennifer so now be with frida be lucky ? I think you say she be a flake . GEORGE well the flake get a lot hotter . ext . central park - night carlton be still search in the darkness for frida . he hear a low growl from somewhere behind he . carlton frida ? be this some sort of game ? ( playfully , as if call a dog ) here frida ... here girl .... he turn around but see nothing . he take a few more step . he hear another growl -- a bit louder and seem a bit closer . carlton turn around and seem scared by what he see . he backpedal quickly away and break into a jog . whatever carlton see start chase he . we hear growl and carlton look scared to death . he run through the park and be chase until he fall down , and we zoom in closer on he terrify face as he scream . the growl get louder . carlton 's face be block by a shadow . ext . frida' apartment build - morning a quiet and serene morning . dolly in towards frida 's window . int . frida' bedroom - morning move in slowly on a cu of frida sleep -- same as the shot earlier when she wake up with blood on she sheet . she wake up and see a bloody handprint on she pillowcase . frida 's not as alarmed , have see this once before . she quickly push she sheet down and see some more blood and then quite a bit more blood and ... a man 's severe arm ! frida bolt out of bed scream . frida go back toward the bed where the bloody arm be in the center . she circle the bed , wonder what the hell to do . frida Holy shit , holy shit . she pick up the cordless phone and dial , in a panic . int . jennifer' bedroom - morning cu of George smile , lean against the bed backboard . pull back to reveal he 's sit up on the bed naked , except for a huge mound of whipped cream that cover he groin . Jennifer be scantily clad and cover in whipped cream , spraying more whipped cream on George 's mound . they be giggle . the phone ring . Jennifer bend down and lick a bit of whipped cream off George 's mound . int . frida' bedroom - morning frida , panic and put large boot on , hear the ringing through she cordless phone . back to jennifer' apartment the phone keep ringing . Jennifer giggle . George spray whipped cream on Jennifer . jennifer let it ring . George reach over to get the phone and pick it up . Jennifer 's disappointed that he answer . GEORGE yeah ? frida ( on phone ) George , I need to talk to Jennifer . it 's a emergency . out of frame , Jennifer must be do something to George , cause he start moan with pleasure . frida ( on phone ) George ? be she there ? George hand the phone to Jennifer . her face be now cover with whipped cream as though she 's just have a pie in the face . GEORGE it 's for you . frida . jennifer tell she I be eat . Jennifer and George laugh . George hand the phone to Jennifer and accidentally drop it in a pile of whipped cream . int . frida' bedroom - morning frida hear the muffle sound of Jennifer and George laugh . finally she hear Jennifer , still half - laugh . jennifer ( on phone ) frida , this be a bad time . we be have sex and George actually answer the phone . frida there be a man 's arm in my bed . back to jennifer' apartment jennifer frida , you be not coyote ugly . everyone be drool over you last night . include George . Jennifer flick some whipped cream in George 's face . he tickle Jennifer , and she nearly drop the phone . back to frida' bedroom frida circle the bed again . frida Jennifer . a severe arm . it 's bloody and ... I be not sure but it may be carlton 's . jennifer you fuck carlton ? see I tell you he like you . frida no ! not fuck he , I think I kill he . back to jennifer' bedroom Jennifer be laugh . George spread she leg and spray some whipped cream on she . from Jennifer 's Pov -- we see George 's upper half as he hold she leg up to the side of frame . frida ( on phone ) please come over . I be begging you . what should I do with the arm ? should I call the cop or ... Peter ? jennifer frida , you be not make sense . I can not come over right now . Jennifer hang up the phone and look at George . jennifer frida 's hallucinate . her pms be out of control . back to frida' bedroom frida run in wear rubber glove and hold a trash bag and a broom . she poke the arm with the end of the broomstick . frida wrap the arm in a sheet -- careful to not touch it and obviously gross out . she open the trash bag and spread it out on the floor . with the broom , she push the sheet - wrap arm into the trash bag . montage of frida darting around the apartment , search for place to stick the severe arm . int . frida' kitchen - day frida have the arm in she sink and be try to fit it down the garbage disposal . the phone ring . the arm be stand straight up in she sink -- half shove down the drain -- finger side up . frida run to get the cordless and bring it into the kitchen . she 's a bit breathless when she answer . frida Jennifer ? mother ( on phone ) no it 's mom . frida Mom ! frida recoil from the arm and the sink . feeling somehow more guilty about it with she mom on the phone . mother ( on phone ) we be worried about you . " 60 Minutes " be on same - sex couple . frida what do that have to do with I ? mother ( on phone ) you have not mention dating anyone since Mark and , well you be not a lesbian be you ? frida no , I be not a lesbian . geez mom . mother ( on phone ) it 's okay if you be , we just want to know . I do not want to be expect grandchild if ... frida glance at the arm in she sink . frida I gotta go . my sink be clogge . frida hang up . she inch over to the sink and turn on the garbage disposal . it make a horrid noise and blood spurt about , but the arm slowly make its way down the drain . int . laundromat - day frida be alone in the laundromat . she shove the bloody sheet in the washer . behind she , Peter walk in . peter frida ? frida quickly slam shut the washer and spin around , startle . she turn red and look guilty . frida oh my god , you scared the shit out of I . you follow I again ? peter ( hurt by she accusation ) no . I be do my laundry . frida I be sorry -- I be on edge today . Peter go to one of the dryer and take out he clothes . peter shit , where 's my Michigan shirt ? he stick he head in the dryer look for it . peter be there anything in that washer ? frida no. nope , nothing in it . frida back up and put she hand on top of the washer , protect it . peter you sure ? it 's my favorite shirt , mind if I check ? frida no ! I ... I check when I put my stuff in . I always look through the washer first . Peter back up , notice frida 's act weird . he 's a little hurt by she distance . peter oh ... okay well maybe I lose it somewhere ... he go to he laundry bag . try to think of what to say . peter hey , I be sorry if thing get a little heavy the other ... his beeper ring . he take a cellular phone out of he pocket and dial . peter yeah ? uh huh ... what ? torn to bit ? Jesus Christ . okay I will be right there . he put the cellular phone back in he pocket . frida everything okay ? peter a man kill in Central Park . Peter run out . frida pace nervously around the laundromat . int . frida' bedroom - day Jennifer look at frida incredulously . jennifer ( sarcastically ) so where 's this infamous arm now ? frida I put it down the garbage disposal . jennifer and what make you think you kill a man ? frida because of pms , I get hairy , my nail turn into claw , I eat raw meat , I roam the city hunt for flesh . I have become a werewolf ! Jennifer stare at frida . jennifer you be a pms werewolf . of course . frida , be you on drug ? frida no , last night I think I chase carlton around as a wolf and kill he . I wake up with a taste of blood in my mouth and a severe arm in my bed . and my throat hurt . Jennifer sit down . she shake she head . jennifer you be delusional . maybe you have a bad dream and bit you lip -- so you taste blood . and the severe arm ... well I do not see it and ... maybe this be all in you head . frida it take I a hour to clean it up . that be not in my head ! jennifer maybe the blood be from you period like before . frida I have not get it yet . jennifer frida , listen to yourself . if I say I be a werewolf , would you believe I ? frida I do not know . you have to take sammy . he 's afraid of I . int . shrink office - day frida sit in she shrink 's office . frida I think I be a werewolf . shrink let 's explore this . what make you feel you be a werewolf ? the shrink make note on he pad , " insane . delusional . " frida I eat a guy last night . shrink and how do you feel when you eat this guy ? frida I do not know . I do not remember do it . the shrink sit back in he chair . he think for a moment while frida stare at he . finally he nod knowingly . shrink dream about kill usually signify feeling of guilt . you have sex last night and you feel guilty . frida we do not have sex . shrink you say you kill a man and do not remember it . could not you have have sex and not remember it ? it 's sexual . why do you choose " eat he " as the method of kill ? frida Cause I be a fuck werewolf !! shrink you use the word " fuck . " you be sexualize thing . stop berate yourself . it 's okay to have sex . int . jennifer' apartment - day Jennifer stand near the door with the cat carry case . George open a window at the other side of the room . GEORGE I be suppose to put up with a fuckin ' cat I be allergic to cause you friend 's get pms ? jennifer it 's so bad she become a werewolf . GEORGE you have some weird friend . what do she think she 's a werewolf have to do with we have the cat ? jennifer do not be stupid George . obviously if she 's a werewolf , she can not be around a cat . she might eat it and besides , cat be afraid of wolf . George sneeze . GEORGE oh great . what the fuck be I suppose to do ? jennifer take some allergy medicine . GEORGE you can not believe this bullshit . jennifer she 's my best friend . I gotta be there for she -- no matter how crazy it sound . I have be in some bad relationship and she 's be there for I . she 's lonely . if pretend she 's a werewolf help , then more power to she . she hear another " meow " from the carrier . jennifer do we have any tuna ? int . frida' bedroom - dusk frida , very tired , go to sleep . int . jennifer' apartment - dusk George take he allergy medicine . Jennifer be open a can of cat food . the doorbell ring . George go to answer it in the background as Jennifer feed the cat in the foreground . George open the door -- Peter and Lloyd stand there . peter be you George mccracken ? Jennifer look over . jennifer they be police detective . George nod . Jennifer start open the cat food can . GEORGE yeah , I be George mccracken . peter we be here about carlton Fraser . Jennifer freeze . lloyd you address be in he pocket . GEORGE yeah , we be out last night . what happen ? be he in a accident ? peter he be find nearly rip to shred in Central Park . lloyd and he be miss a arm . Jennifer drop the can opener . Peter look over . Jennifer pick up the can opener and put it on the counter . peter when 's the last time you see carlton ? GEORGE after dinner , he leave with Jen 's friend , frida . Peter look at Jennifer , who look like she 's see a ghost . peter frida Harris ? be she dating he ? Peter seem jealous . Lloyd look suspicious . jennifer no , heaven no . they be just ... friend . Lloyd look at Peter . Peter change the subject quickly . peter uh ... do you know any enemy carlton might have ? Jennifer and George look at each other , shake they head , " no . " int . frida' bedroom - night frida be sleep . suddenly she roll over and open she eye . her eye have a orangish glow . she 's wide awake but look trance - like . fade to Black . int . spencer' apartment - night over darkness , we hear the giggle of frida and spencer . spencer be frida you real name or just what you tell guy you meet at club ? frida it 's frida . frida the freak . Spencer and frida laugh . we hear the rattle of key . frida have trouble stick it in ? as the apartment door open , we see ( in silhouette ) Spencer carry frida over the threshold as a groom would he bride . he then flip on the light of he apartment and kick the door close behind he . Spencer be longhaire and sexy . frida be dress very seductively and wear a lot of makeup -- but she look great . she 's busty and curvy -- barely recognizable from the frump of the first few scene . frida hold she hand up to block the light from she eye . frida the light bother my eye . can we turn they off ? spencer but you be so beautiful . I want to look at you . frida take a big whiff of Spencer . frida ummmm ... you smell good . Spencer put frida down . she immediately start pace and circle the apartment , wolflike . she 's on the prowl . she 's act different than we have see she before . Spencer be wear a Los lobo T-shirt . frida be all this you guitar ? spencer be that you real breast ? she strut over to he . frida why do not you decide for yourself . frida put he hand on she breast and give he a deep , aggressive kiss . she unzip he pants . frida you be not too drunk , be you ? int . jennifer' apartment - night Jennifer be on she cellular phone . she 's hunch behind a close door like she do not want to be see or hear . she hear frida 's machine pick up . jennifer ( whisper ) frida ... pick up the phone ... int . spencer' apartment / bedroom - night Spencer lead frida to he bedroom . he turn on the light . frida turn they back off . Spencer turn they back on . spencer it 's sexier with the light on . frida I prefer the darkness . Spencer and frida start take off they clothes . frida turn off the light before they be completely nude . behind they , a bit of light come through the window . we hear they go at it . spencer God , you nail be sharp . frida laugh . Spencer flip on the light as they make out . frida turn the light off . frida be this all you have ? spencer give it a few minute ... oh yeah , nibble on my ear . Spencer flip on the light again . spencer the better to see you with . frida turn they back off . we hear they go at it again . spencer I love it when you bite I . ouch , shit . damn , that hurt . Spencer turn the light on . he get a quick look at frida -- she eye glow like wolf eye . frida turn the light off . we hear Spencer freaking out and wolf - like growl and noise . a vicious attack . from the darkness , we see the silhouette of a human figure with wolf - like feature get up from the bed and walk off . Spencer be moan . the room remain dark for a moment . then Spencer struggle and turn on the light . he 's all bloody and can barely move as he reach for the phone . as soon as he grab the receiver , he die . the bloody phone fall to the floor . ext . frida' apartment build - night Peter and Lloyd be ringing frida 's buzzer . no answer . lloyd I still do not get when you give she back the pillowcase . peter we only live a few block apart . lloyd this be more than fishy , this chick date a dude and he wind up dead . peter okay Lloyd , you tell I how she kill they . Lloyd think for a second . he scratch he head . lloyd she 's get a hide pitbull . maybe she hire someone to kill they . peter she 's not a suspect . what be she motive ? there 's nothing , nothing connect she to either crime except that she date both guy . lloyd sound like you get a conflict of interest . peter you take the cake Lloyd . come on , she 's not here . let 's check out she psycho ex . Peter and Lloyd walk away . Lloyd glance back at the building . lloyd how do you know about she psycho ex ? ext . STREET - night we see frida 's Pov as she run through the street . Quick glimpsis of she growl and panting . Shots of people on the street who be look at she , frighten . a little boy stare at she as she pass . boy Wolf ! Wolf ! montage culminate with a low angle shot of frida 's silhouette , with wolflike feature , howling in front of a full moon . int . frida' apartment - day frida 's asleep , dishevel , with scratch all over she . the phone 's ringing . frida stretch like a cat and get up and sleepily answer the phone . frida hello ? jennifer ( on phone ) frida ? I be worried to death about you . I have call you for two day . where have you be ? frida I have be here . what day be it ? jennifer Tuesday . be you okay ? frida shit , I guess I miss work . jennifer frida , carlton 's dead . frida oh no . jennifer and he be miss a arm . frida oh my god Jennifer . I should go to confession . jennifer relax . carlton be tear apart . no way could you have do that . maybe you see someone kill he and block it out ... or ... there 's a knock on the door . frida whisper into the phone . frida ( whisper ) someone 's at my door . maybe it 's the cop . more knock and frida hear Mark 's voice behind the door . MARK ( from the hallway ) frida ? I hear you talk . I know you be in there . let I in . frida ( whisper into phone ) it 's Mark . jennifer ( on phone ) get rid of he ! frida okay , I gotta go . jennifer ( on phone ) I be stop by later . I be worried about you . bye . frida hang up the phone . MARK ( from the hallway ) it 's a matter of life and death . frida this really be not a good time . MARK ( from the hallway ) come on frida , I be not kid . I be totally fuck . let I in . he bang loudly on the door . frida open it and he barge in . MARK I do something stupid . I have a courier job -- pick up a package from the airport . it turn out to be money -- so I kind of borrow it to pay my rent and now this dude be after I . frida so pay they back and apologize . MARK this guy be not the kind that will take a apology . they be the kind that will break my thumb . frida you think that story 's gonna make I loan you money ? MARK it 's the truth . if you would just loan I the money last time this never would have happen . frida somehow this wind up be my fault ? you always blame I . MARK come on , I be you biggest supporter . frida my bra be my biggest supporter . MARK I just need a place to lay low for a few day . come on , I know you hate I but you can not wanna see I at the bottom of the East River ? Mark look up at she with he plead bambi eye that frida always fall for . Mark go to hug she and kiss she neck . she sniff he . then sniff he again more closely -- like a dog . Mark giggle . frida do not like what she smell . MARK do I smell ? can I take a shower ? he lift he arm and sniff he armpit . frida I be not feel too well all of the sudden . go take you shower . int . frida' bedroom - dusk 88 Mark put he wallet , watch and beeper on the dresser and leave the room , unbuttone he shirt . frida enter and sit on the bed . her head be spin . Mark turn on the shower , which we hear off screen . he pass in front of the camera , shirtless . frida see he , get up and walk toward he . frida Mark . MARK yeah ? he come back into frame . frida grab he and kiss he on the mouth . he 's take off guard . she then push he away . MARK wow . frida take you shower . Mark leave frame . frida go back into the bedroom . she hear Mark sing , muffle from the bathroom . frida 's about to lie back on the bed when Mark 's beeper go off . she reach up to the dresser for the beeper . it 's the kind that have a message on it . she press the message button and see , " Mark you studmuffin , last night be awesome . see you soon . sherry . " frida put down the beeper . she lean back on the bed and stare up at the ceiling . her eye be glow . int . frida' bathroom - dusk Mark step in the shower and pull the shower curtain close . cu of the water come out of the spout . Mark sud he body with soap and continue sing . he start even lightly dance in the shower -- look vain and ridiculous . a blurry human figure with wolf - like feature appear behind the shower curtain -- but Mark have he back turn and do not see it . then he hear a growl over the sound of the water run . Mark turn around and see the figure . then we see from the wolf - figure 's Pov a attack on Mark . reminiscent of the shower scene from " psycho . " after the attack , the blurry , wolfish figure run off , and the camera stay on Mark as he slump to the ground . we zoom in on he eye and on the bloody water go down the drain . dissolve from the eye to a full moon and then back to the eye . int . frida' apartment - night camera dolly creepily through the apartment as we still hear the sound of the water run in the shower . fade to black . int . frida' bedroom - morning a knock at the door awaken frida . she be nearly naked except for some shred clothing . her face be scratch . she move she mouth as though she have a bad taste in it . she blink a few time and she vision seem blurry . she sit up , put she glass on , throw on she robe and stumble to answer the door . the shower water be still run , but frida do not seem to notice . int . frida' apartment - morning frida open the door and Jennifer walk in . frida look really out of it , and there 's blood on the front of she . jennifer shit what happen to you ? what 's all over you ? frida look down at she chest and see blood . frida Holy shit , I do not know . jennifer do you get rid of Mark ? frida I do not know ... I be space out ... he be take a shower ... he must be still in there . jennifer he 's be here all night ? frida yeah , I guess . Mark ? frida head for the bathroom and Jennifer follow . int . frida' bathroom / hallway - day frida and Jennifer be near the bathroom and see a trickle of blood on the edge of the white bathroom tile . frida oh my god . they inch closer to the bathroom and see Mark lie dead and bloody , hold onto the shower curtain . blood be all over the white tile . frida flinch and spin out of the bathroom and cover she eye . Jennifer just stare at Mark . jennifer frida , we need to talk . frida take a deep breath and peek back into the bathroom . frida oh god , do I do that ? Jennifer stare at the bloody mess that be Mark . jennifer let 's get he into the bathtub . frida and Jennifer pick up the still bleed Mark to lug he back into the shower / bathtub . jennifer okay , so tell I again about that werewolf thing ... int . frida' bathroom - day the dead Mark sit propped up in the bathtub . Jennifer and frida be on they hand and knee with scrub brushes and soap , clean the bathroom floor . jennifer if there 's gonna be a bloody mess , at least it 's in the bathtub . we will just hose he off till the blood run out . frida and Jennifer look at Mark . he 's miss a tooth . jennifer what happen to he tooth ? frida I should call the police . oh no Peter . Peter be the police ! jennifer don 't call the police . frida why not ? there 's be a murder . jennifer first of all , you be my alibi . I tell George I be with you last night . frida what ? why would you do that ? jennifer there 's kind of this guy I be see . frida you be cheating on George ? Jennifer , how could you ? Jennifer look over at Mark in the tub . jennifer how could I ? I be help you clean up Mark 's remain and you ask how could I cheat on George ? frida you be right . it 's just , I can not cover up a murder so George will not know you be cheating . jennifer you say murder , but you have no idea what happen . you do not remember do it , so it 's out of you control . frida I think I turn into a werewolf and kill he . jennifer why the fuck would you do that ? frida I could smell another woman on he . jennifer if you ask I , the fucker get what he deserve . I be glad he 's dead . frida that 's a terrible thing to say . frida go back to scrubbing the floor . jennifer okay , let 's say that this be pms - related . you think that male cop be go to understand that ? you will either be lock up for murder or lock up in the looney bin . we have to keep this hide until we figure it out ourselves . int . police car - day 95 Peter 's drive with Lloyd in the passenger seat . lloyd Nah , East Village poseur be grosser than the dude in the park . peter the park dude be miss a arm . lloyd poseur be miss a chunk of he neck . and he eye be open . that always bug I out . do I a favor , if some mutherfucker 's about to blow I away , remind I to close my fuckin ' eye . peter deal . and if some mutherfucker 's about to blow I away , shoot he . lloyd yeah okay . I still say frida 's involved . she 's the last one to see two dude alive ... peter she be not the last one to see they alive . whoever kill they be . int . frida' apartment - day frida and Jennifer have Mark in a bag in the kitchen . jennifer at least I finally see the reason you could not get over Mark . frida you should have see it erect . they hear the intercom buzzer and stare at each other . jennifer you expect someone ? frida no . jennifer ignore it . the buzzer keep buzzing . frida go to the window and look down to the street . just as she do , outside , Peter and Lloyd step back from the building and look up at frida in the window . Peter smile and wave . frida force a smile and wave back . then she duck back away from the window . frida fuck it 's the cop . Peter see I , now I have to let he in . jennifer tell they you will meet they outside . frida go to the intercom and press it . frida uh .... hi ! peter frida , can we come in ? we need to talk to you . it 's important . frida uh ... the buzzer 's break . I will be down in a second . she release the intercom buzzer . frida what the fuck be we go to do ? jennifer hide he . frida and Jennifer both look around the small apartment . frida the refrigerator . she open the refrigerator and start take everything out . Jennifer help she . they drag Mark 's body over . frida go downstairs and stall they . Jennifer go . int . / ext . frida' build / entryway - day Jennifer walk toward Peter and Lloyd , who be stand outside and can see she through the glass door . she swing she hip as she walk and put on a flirtatious smile . she open the door and stand in it -- block they entrance . jennifer hi guy . what 's up ? Lloyd be especially happy to see Jennifer . int . frida' apartment - day frida have Mark shove in the refrigerator and be close the door . she frantically put the former content of the refrigerator into cupboard . int . elevator - day Jennifer , Peter and Lloyd be in the elevator . the door be about to close when Jennifer stick she hand between they and poke she head out into the hall . jennifer I think I hear someone come . she get back in the elevator and the door close . she push the button for the fourth floor . jennifer oh shit , wrong floor . she push the button for the fifth floor . the cop eye she suspiciously . she smile as the elevator door close . jennifer I be think about become a cop myself . do you take a test or something or just sign up ? peter why would you want to be a cop ? jennifer I do not know , I guess the outfit be cool . and I want a big gun . she wink at Lloyd who smile back at she . int . frida' apartment - day frida be shove Mark 's clothes in the freezer . she hear a knock on the door and Jennifer 's voice . jennifer ( from the hallway ) frida ? it 's we ... Jennifer and the nice detective . frida take a last look around , try to compose herself , and let they in . frida hi guy ! what 's up ? Peter , Lloyd and Jennifer walk in . Jennifer look around , make sure frida do not forget anything . peter we need to ask you a few question . there 's a weird tension between Peter and frida . he hate have to ask she this question . lloyd you hear about carlton Fraser ? frida yes , Jennifer tell I . what do that have to do with I ? peter you have a date with carlton ? frida it be not a date . Jennifer invite I along to dinner with they . lloyd seem you be the last to see carlton alive . and the last to see Gregory alive . frida what make you think I be the last one ? peter he mean the last that we know of . lloyd this one walk you home too ? frida no . we leave the restaurant , and ... and I feel sick ... so ... so I take a cab home . alone . lloyd you get a dog ? frida no , I have a cat . lloyd how big ? Lloyd look around . he start cough -- like he 's choke on something . peter you okay Lloyd ? Lloyd try to nod he head " yes " but keep cough . peter he need some water . Peter open the cupboard to get a glass and see a carton of milk , some cottage cheese , other product that should be in the refrigerator . Lloyd be not face the cupboard and be in he cough fit anyway , so he do not see this . Peter turn to look at the refrigerator and then look at Jennifer and frida . he make eye-contact with frida and see she 's afraid . he let she off the hook and just take a glass out of the cupboard and close it as though nothing 's wrong . he fill the glass with water from the sink and hand it to Lloyd . Lloyd drink up and stop he cough fit . peter we be consider Mark Wilson a suspect . frida gulp . lloyd he 's get a record . drug charge . avoid jail on plea . plus a woman four year ago have a restrain order against he . frida be genuinely surprised by all this . jennifer see he be cheating from the get go . peter he 's be run money for the mafia . frida no he 's not . he 's a courier . he pick up package from the airport . lloyd package of money . peter seem he 's steal money from they . he 's desperate and we only lead . lloyd one of we only lead ... you have date with both man right before they be kill . frida be I a suspect ? Lloyd look at Peter . peter no , no ... but Mark -- a jealous boyfriend go mad . maybe he kill man you date . frida Mark would not hurt a fly . jennifer frida , you have to admit , he be a bit cold at time . and last time you see he , he be quite tear apart . Jennifer be tempt to laugh . frida be more serious . frida but you say the body be rip to piece ? peter still have not figure out how he or anyone else pull that off . never see anything like it . frida see some water leak from she cupboard . she 's increasingly nervous . lloyd do you know Spencer hale ? East Village musician ? frida shake she head no . she look confuse . frida no , why ? peter he be rip to shred also . in he apartment . jennifer Mark 's a East Village musician . he probably know Spencer . lloyd interesting . we will have to check that out . Peter and Lloyd head for the door . peter this be probably the strangest case we have ever see . frida let they out . she and Peter exchange a glance . frida close the door . she and Jennifer stare at each other . frida ( whisper ) Peter know something . jennifer well if he do , he do not give you away . he must really like you . int . peter' car - day Peter and Lloyd drive . peter Spencer 's the key here . frida be in no way associate with he . and she blood have not match with any of the killing . lloyd it 's a bit farfetch that Mark would rip guy to shred just outta jealousy . this make no sense . peter it 's like some fuck monster drop out of the sky and kill this dude . lloyd like a vampire or some shit ? Lloyd look skeptically at Peter . ext . frida' apartment build - day frida and Jennifer haul Mark 's body into the trunk of he car . frida Jesus Christ what be we gonna do ? we can not bury he around here . both woman pace . jennifer okay , we put he in he car trunk . we drive it to a " no parking " area where we know it will be tow . the tow truck will come and take it to a huge lot . no one 's gonna claim it . it will sit there for a long time . by the time anyone discover a body in it , it will be all decompose and we will have think of better alibis by then . int . / ext . mark car - day frida be drive Mark 's car -- she wear glove . Jennifer , also wear glove , sit in the passenger seat . both also wear dark sunglass . ext . " no parking " area - day frida and Jennifer leave the car in the " no parking " area . they cross the street and head up the street . frida I think I just get my period . jennifer do that mean this whole thing be over ? frida probably for three week or so anyway . I be not sure -- I do not get how it work . jennifer let 's do some research . I will check the library . you surf the web . frida you be such a good friend . jennifer so be you . look , go about you life . Act like nothing 's wrong . we will get to the bottom of this . Jennifer give frida a hug and head off the other way . int . office - day frida be totally bury in script at work now . the phone keep ringing , but she let it go to voicemail . she 's read a werewolf book . Mr. grant walk by . frida Mr. grant . do you read that script I be talk about ? mr. grant uh ... yes . not for we . no woman in jeopardy . find I Dr. quinn Medicine woman . find I a true story about a craze killer stalking beautiful woman . frida no . mr. grant no ? frida no. I quit . take you lame ass idea , you fake ass toupee , you fat ass wife and you ugly ass kid and shove they . mr. grant very well then . be that all ? he continue walk as though nothing 's happen . frida start pack up she thing . ext . office build - day frida come out of the building carry a box full of personal item from she desk . she run into Peter . peter frida . I be look for you . you change job ? frida yeah sort of . where 's Lloyd ? peter I need to talk to you . about we . frida ... I ... can I carry you box ? frida no , I get it . it 's okay . peter what happen ? frida gulp . she 's nervous . frida what happen ? peter I think we be start something ... and then ... I know it 's unorthodox , I mean with you be involved in the case and all . frida I just do not know if I should be dating anyone right now . peter yeah , every guy you date wind up dead . frida stop walk . peter except Mark of course . frida what 's that suppose to mean ? peter do I tell you I have the worst sense of humor and I make bad joke at totally inappropriate time ? frida no , but thanks for the warning . peter speak of Mark -- we have try to track he down and there 's no sight of he . vanish into thin air . I get a hunch he fle the country . frida interesting possibility . they be near the subway entrance . peter lemme give you a ride . you can not take the subway with that box . int . peter' car - day Peter 's drive ; frida 's in the passenger seat . we do not hear the dialog but just see they laugh and have a good time . make eye contact from time to time . int . frida' apartment - day frida be surfing the web . Jennifer look over she shoulder . she find a page with pms symptom . jennifer ( read from screen ) symptom include loss of emotional control , compulsive behavior , craving , cry spell ... frida Peter keep ask I out . jennifer maybe you should go out with he . if you keep avoid he he will get suspicious . besides , what better way to not get bust than to date the cop who 's investigate you . frida the thing be , I really like he . I finally meet a guy I really like and I be a fuckin ' werewolf . jennifer we do not know you be a werewolf . it might never happen again . you have to get on with you life . ext . zoo - day frida and Peter walk through the zoo . animal start reacting strangely to frida . they look at the wolf cage . the wolf stare at frida . she run off . Peter chase after she . ext . zoo - day frida run out of the zoo with Peter behind she . peter frida , wait . I think you be a animal person . Peter catch up to she . frida I do not know what come over I . they walk for a bit . frida I need to tell you something . it 's about ... pms . I get it real bad . Peter laugh . peter that 's it ? Hell my mom chase my dad around with a knife when she have it . she make we call she a different name . she would say , " you be talk to Betty now " and we would leave the house for a few day . frida this be a lot worse than " Betty . " peter you can not mean that . I be sure you bark be worse than you bite . frida no , my bite 's a lot worse . Peter stop walk . frida stop as well . Peter caress the side of frida 's face . peter whatever it be , we can work it out . frida , I love you . frida 's eye well up . she do not know whether to laugh or cry . she end up laugh . peter be it that funny ? frida no , it 's just ... no one 's ever say that . and I think if someone do ever say it , I would have to say it first and then they would sort of say " I love you too " cause they feel they have to after I would say it . peter be that how you feel ? frida like I have to say it ? no , I want to say it . peter you do not say it . frida I love you too . they kiss . int . frida' apartment - night frida be open a bottle of champagne while Peter look in the cupboard for glass . he find some squirt gun . peter what 's with the squirt gun ? frida they be for my cat . I use they to train he not to rip up paper . peter you know , I have never see you cat . frida I loan he to Jennifer . George move out and she be lonely ... Peter take a squirt gun and squirt frida . frida scream playfully . she grab another squirt gun and fill it . montage of squirt gun fight . play just like a " real " police gunfight -- with they creep through the apartment and ducking behind furniture , try to get a direct hit on each other . and have a great time . Peter 's beeper go off . he check it . as he do , frida squirt he in the face . she crack up . frida whatever you do , do not tell I you have to leave . Peter head for the door . peter okay . I will not tell you . she walk he to the door . they kiss . Peter open the door . from the hallway , we see he Pov of frida as he close the door and she look sadly at he . match CUT the close of the door with the open of the trunk in the next scene . ext . car lot - day from inside the trunk , the door open and we see Peter and Lloyd look down into it . they hold they nose from a bad smell . lloyd you think mafia hit ? peter hard to tell . look like he 's be clean up and he 's decompose as we speak . this case get weirder by the minute . lloyd it have to be frida . this make three guy rip apart who be tie to she ass . peter okay Lloyd . first , no way do frida have the physical strength to tear a guy to shred . second , why would she be so obvious and let it be know she be the last one to see this guy ? third , she 's the one in danger . she 's a woman in jeopardy and you be layin ' a murder rap on she . fourth , I look in she eye and know she 's no killer . lloyd and fifth , you be dating she . Peter look shocked . peter what be you talk about ? lloyd I know . I follow you . to the zoo , to she house , to you house ... peter what the fuck be you follow I for ? I be not a suspect here . lloyd which bring up a interesting point . I be not follow you . I be follow the suspect . and you just happen to be there ... int . frida' apartment - day Jennifer be go through a stack of book on the sofa . frida 's read a magazine article on pms . the apartment be fill with werewolf research -- movie , book , article . frida ( read aloud ) " paranoia , insecurity , depression , change in vision , feeling of lose control ; belief that you have a mental problem ... " nothing about turn into a werewolf . jennifer check out what I find . Jennifer get a very old - look book out of she bag . jennifer I find it in this out -of- the- way use bookstore . Jennifer open it up to a page she mark and read aloud . jennifer this be from a scientist in France , Madame sconce . " the original werewolve be female . they become werewolve on the lunar cycle because it correspond to the woman 's cycle . my suspicion be that the only cure be true love . " frida great so all I have to do be fall in love ? like I have not try that for the past 24 year . jennifer ( continue to read ) " the female - cycle werewolf will only kill man and never kill someone she truly love . " see I know you never love Mark . frida who be this Madame sconce ? let 's find she and talk to she . jennifer she die at age 34 in the 1800' . they think she be crazy . she be banish from she town . seem she husband shot she . frida guess she never find true love . jennifer the weird thing be ... he shot she with a silver bullet . frida so ... she be a werewolf . do you think we can believe all this ? jennifer what choice do we have ? frida so what do I do ? jennifer fall in love . frida I think I already have . ext . sky - night a nearly full moon . a dark cloud pass over it . int . frida' apartment / bedroom - day dolly through the apartment . we hear the sound of frida and Peter make love . move in on the bedroom as they be finish . Peter get behind frida to cuddle . he cup he hand around she breast . peter you breast feel larger . frida they do ? oh no ... peter no , it 's a good thing . I like it . everything about you be great . I like how you do not shave you leg . woman be so much sexier when they be natural . frida sit up . frida I do shave ... do I seem hairy ? Peter laugh . peter no . but I do not mind hairy . be you okay ? frida nearly fly out of bed , grab whatever she can find to cover herself up . frida I ... I should just get up . I have lot to do today ... Peter stare at she strangely as she dart out of the room . int . frida' bathroom - day Peter be pee . int . frida' kitchen - day frida 's furiously cut she nail which be strangely long . int . frida' bathroom - day as Peter pee , he notice something small and white on the floor . he try to reach it but can not till he finish pee . finally he 's do . he bend down and pick up the object , which be a large front tooth . Peter have a quick flash of Mark 's dead face in the car trunk . miss a tooth . int . frida' apartment / kitchen - day frida notice she long nail and think she see tuft of hair on she hand . she hear Peter come and quickly slip on some rubber glove to hide she hand . ecu of Peter stick the tooth in he pants pocket . he enter the kitchen . something 's weigh heavily on he mind . peter I gotta get downtown . he go to she to kiss she , but frida , self - conscious about possible facial hair , bow she head and he end up kissing the top of it . she recoil and he look at she , concerned . she will not let he get a good look at she face . frida I have ... a lot of ... clean to do today . she turn around . Peter shrug . he know something 's wrong . he head for the door . peter I will call you later . frida nod . Peter leave . once he do , frida rush to the calendar on the wall and into a ecu of she eye ( at edge of frame ) . ecu calendar -- pan past Monday , Tuesday , etc . until we see in red ink " the curse . " dolly in / zoom out of frida 's face , reacting . ext . STREET - day Peter take the tooth out of he pocket and examine it . he look around , see no one and throw it down a sewer grate . int . church / confessional - day frida in one side of the confessional ; a priest in the other . frida I be just wonder ... a person have a choice between kill themselves or kill other , which be worse ? I mean you fry in hell either way , right ? priest if you kill yourself , you will not be around to ask for forgiveness or to make a last confession , whereas if you kill other , you can go to confession , do penance , and be absolve from you sin . frida but if the person be kill several people , then maybe it 's better to kill oneself cause then the kill stop . priest you have a point . hmmm ... I have never be ask this before ... who be be kill ? Catholic ? homosexual ? Protestant ? int . frida' apartment - day frida run into the room to grab she midol . she downs some and run into the bathroom -- search the medicine cabinet for pill . find nothing . she look at herself in the mirror . she have the strange wolf eye , nail and tooth . int . peter' office - day Peter be look at a photo of the crime scene in Spencer 's apartment . he notice Spencer wear a Los lobo T-shirt . Peter 's troubled by it . int . frida' kitchen - day frida find a large knife and practice stabbing herself . she try to slit she wrist but can not . she scream . frida ugh ! I can not even kill myself !! montage of frida try to kill herself . frida 's on the phone with the yellow page in she lap . frida yes silver bullet . do you have any silver bullet ? I only need a few . no this be not a joke ... frida hear a dial tone . ext . build roof - day frida be walk near the edge of a roof , look like she 's prepare to jump . cu of she foot as she leap out of frame . CUT to : int . frida' kitchen - day frida 's foot land in frame as though she have jump here from the rooftop shot . she land in a squat and be pick up spill chocolate chip from the floor and eat they . CUT to : a knock on frida 's door . frida have she head in the oven . we just see frida 's back half stick out of the stove . she do not answer the door . the knock continue . jennifer ( from hallway ) frida ? you there ? remember , you give I a key for emergency ? I consider this a emergency . Jennifer use she key and barge in . she look around and see frida stick out of the stove . jennifer oh god frida , do not do it ! she pull she out and frida have rubber glove on and be hold a sos pad . frida I be clean my stove . jennifer you scared the shit out of I . I think you be kill yourself . frida I try to kill myself -- earlier . it do not work . I think I need silver bullet . so I get depressed and when I be depressed I clean . jennifer you will get through this . you be fine for over three week . frida I be just afraid I will hurt Peter . I think I love he . jennifer remember what Madame sconce say . if you love he he will be fine . frida but how do I know if I really love Peter ? and if he really love I ? jennifer I guess you will find out . frida no . I can not take that chance . I would rather kill myself . jennifer no . I will not let you do that . frida the werewolf always die at the end . do not you see " american werewolf in London ? " int . frida' apartment - day Jennifer and frida be nail board onto the window to barricade frida inside . they have put out ton of raw steak and chocolate bar on large plate near the sofa . jennifer I think George know . frida about Mark ? carlton ? jennifer about benito . frida do I kill a guy name benito ? jennifer no , he 's the guy I be have a affair with . they be do barricade the window . Jennifer pick up some more wood and nail . frida I think you and George be get marry . jennifer we be -- I be just so tempt ... it be sort of a test . I think after sleep with benito I know I want to be with George . but now George know about benito and he do not want to be with I ! frida I wish I only have you problem . jennifer sorry -- I should not go on about myself at a time like this . be you sure you be go to be okay ? frida yes , just check on I once a day for the next three day . then the pms should be over . Jennifer hand frida the wood and nail . jennifer okay , just nail shut this door behind I . I will call you later . frida look worried . frida I do not deserve a friend like you . Jennifer lean in and kiss frida on the cheek . jennifer yes you do . Jennifer smile and leave . after she close the door , frida immediately start nail board across the door to shut herself in . int . peter' office - day Peter dial the phone . int . frida' apartment - day frida be rest on the sofa . the door be board shut . the phone ring and frida pick it up . frida hello ? peter ( on phone ) frida ? you okay ? look , I think I know what happen to Mark . I want to help . I be come over . frida no ! do not come over . Peter ... I ... I do not want to see you anymore . ever . peter ( on phone ) what ? be there someone else ? frida hesitates for a moment . int . peter' office - day Peter look really depressed on the phone . frida ( on phone ) yes , sort of . I mean no , not really . peter yes or no ? frida , can not you just be honest with I ? back to frida' apartment Long pause as they each try to think of something to say . peter ( on phone ) you at least owe I the truth . frida you want the truth ? remember I try to tell you something the other day ? peter ( on phone ) yes , you pms . frida I can deal with that . frida no you can not . it ... it get so bad that I become a werewolf . back to peter' office Peter shake he head . peter if you do not like I , just say so . you do not have to make up some bullshit like you be a werewolf . frida ( on phone ) I know you would not believe I ! just go away . go very far away ! Peter hear a hang up . he put the phone down and stare at it sadly for a moment . int . frida' apartment - evening ( dusk ) frida be cry . she take the phone off the hook . int . peter' office - evening ( dusk ) Lloyd walk by Peter 's door . Peter call out to he . peter hey Lloyd . Lloyd stop and come in the office . lloyd my girlfriend 's predict another murder in the next few day . peter what make she think that ? lloyd she say she 's on the rag every time I get call in to investigate a murder . something click with Peter . he flip through a calendar . peter so ... they be on some cycle . the murder ... Gregory ... then 28 day later ... carlton . lloyd and that be 28 day ago today . peter do we get that DNA test back ? lloyd just this morning . Animal hair be find all over the victim . peter what kind of animal ? lloyd can not figure out the species . similar to a wolf . they be jokin ' at the lab that a werewolf probably kill he . ai not that the stupidest thing you ever hear ? ext . STREET - dusk Peter walk through the street , quickly , on a mission . he take a handful of silver bullet out of he pocket and look at they . he 's wear a red , hood sweatshirt . int . frida' apartment / hallway - dusk */ Peter see frida 's door open and break wood and nail on the floor . he walk into frida 's apartment . the apartment be quiet , no sign of frida . the plate that have steak and chocolate on they be all empty now . Peter walk around look for she . he take he gun out and peer around the corner , expect to find something . he hear something and spin around face the front door , point the gun . it 's frida . she stand at the front door with a side of beef so big she can barely carry it . she gnaw at it . her eye be glow orange . she see Peter and look embarrassed . frida go away . I might hurt you . peter I be not afraid . frida ! I love you . frida Peter I love you too but ... peter I do not think you will hurt I . frida , still gnaw at the beef , circle he slowly . he 's scared but he lower the gun . frida how do you know ? peter I do not think you would . no matter what form you take . frida I can not take that chance ... I could not live with myself if I do anything to you . peter I have the silver bullet in case I need to protect myself . do that make you feel better ? there be a long pause . frida a little . Peter set the gun on the table . he take a few step closer . frida back up . frida be careful ! peter can not you bite I and then I will be like you ? frida no . it do not work that way . Men can not get pms . unfortunately . peter I be stay here with you tonight . there 's no get rid of I . he step closer again and now frida 's back up against the wall . he can see she eye look strangely wolf - like . he 's afraid but inch closer . frida try to inch away . it 's almost like a dance . finally they find they way to each other and embrace -- the side of beef between they . frida promise to shoot I if I attack you . Peter close he eye and nod . frida sniff the side of beef hungrily . frida can you order up some chocolate ? Peter smile . ext . sky - night a full moon . int . frida' bedroom - night Peter be sit up in bed read Madame sconce 's werewolf book . frida be beside he asleep . Peter look at she and stroke she hair . ext . frida' apartment build - morning same dolly in we have see a few time . int . frida' bedroom - morning frida 's asleep in bed . dolly the same as when she wake up with the severe arm . frida wake up . she 's afraid to look behind she for fear she 's kill Peter . all she see be a empty pillow . she look under the sheet . nothing -- just pure white , no blood . frida smile and sigh in relief . from the next room , frida hear whistling . Peter walk in carry a " breakfast in bed " tray . on the tray be a huge rare steak and a red rise . frida sit up . Peter bring the tray to she and place it on she lap . he sit at the foot of the bed . peter I know you would not kill I . frida maybe we should have child . I do not think I would kill the father of my child . peter we can work this out . other couple have worse problem . frida worse than this ? peter sure . cheate , lie . what 's a little werewolf a few day a month ? we can move out to the country where you can feed off deer . frida what about ... that guy ... I might have ... peter no way can anything be prove . all they have be some wolf hair . no one believe in werewolve . frida I be so sorry ... I ... I could not help it . you know I do not mean to ... to do any of that . peter I know . the important thing be that it stop . frida nod as she dig into she steak . int . jennifer' apartment - morning Jennifer be eat a chocolate bar . she look sad and she face be pale and makeup-less . she 's head for she door and open it to reveal George . he smile sheepishly at she . she beam . jennifer truce ? George pull out a can of readi - whip from he bag . GEORGE truce . George sneeze . int . frida' bedroom - morning frida 's still eat . Peter get up and kiss she on the cheek . peter I be go to take a shower . frida okay . he start to walk out . frida continue with she steak . frida Peter ? Peter stop at the door and turn around . frida thanks . for everything . Peter smile and continue out of the room . int . jennifer' apartment - morning Jennifer 's dial on she cordless phone . George be in the background cover he crotch with the whipped cream . int . frida' bedroom - morning frida 's still in bed chow down . we hear the shower run in the background . the phone ring ; frida pick it up . frida hello ? jennifer ( on phone ) frida ? you okay ? frida never be better . Peter spend the night . I must really love he . he 's still alive . jennifer ( on phone ) oh thank god . maybe this whole thing be really over . frida God I hope so . hey can I call you later ? Peter 's still here . he 's in the shower . jennifer ( on phone ) sure . see ya . int . jennifer' apartment - morning Jennifer hang up . then suddenly something occur to she . jennifer in the shower ? she look worried . int . frida' apartment / bathroom - morning 146 cu of the gun with silver bullet still on the table where Peter leave it the night before . we hear Peter in the shower hum the tune from " Peter and the Wolf . " the camera dolly from the gun into the bathroom . it continue to dolly in as before when Mark be in the shower . danger seem imminent ... Peter hear frida call . frida Peter ? Peter ? dolly in close on he face . behind he , through the shower curtain , we see the blurry figure of frida . Peter 's a bit worried for a moment too . he pull back the curtain so he can see she . she 's stand there hold a towel . frida here 's a towel . peter thanks . the tension be break . Peter 's completely relieved . frida hang the towel on the towel rack and leave . Peter go back to soap himself up . peter hey frida ? frida come back into the bathroom . peter wanna join I ? frida beam . she toss off she robe and get in the shower . frida and Peter kiss and sud each other up . peter want I to do you back ? frida turn around . Peter start scrubbing she back . frida appear to be enjoy it -- though we can not see she face because she have she head down . peter do not this feel great ? frida node she head . she lift it and we see she face . her eye be glow . she smile and we see fang . freeze frame on cu of she eye .