Rev. 08/20/02 ( 2nd Blue ) Rev. 08/22/02 ( 2nd pink ) Rev. 01/29/03 ( 2nd yellow ) malibu's most wanted written by fax bahr &amp ; Adam small &amp ; Jamie Kennedy and Nick swardson Story by Nick swardson &amp ; Jamie Kennedy and fax bahr &amp ; Adam small &amp ; Jamie Kennedy full yellow draft July 25 , 2002 malibu's most wanted music : grand master flash be " the message " kick in and as MAIN title roll we ... fade in : 1 ext . pacific coast highway - day 1 a trick - out cadillac escalade with the window tinted deep black roll into frame . flash ( v.o . ) ' it 's like a jungle sometimes , it make I wonder how I keep from go under ... ' A1 escalade A1 pass three people do tai chi on a bluff overlook the ocean ... flash ( v.o. ) ' Broken glass everywhere , people pissing on the stair you know they just do not care ... ' b1 escalade b1 pass a gorgeous labrador retriever snatching a frisbee midair ... flash ( v.o. ) ' can not take the smell , can not take the noise , get no money to move out I guess I get no choice ... ' c1 escalade c1 pass two horse back rider gallop along the beach ... flash ( v.o. ) ' rat in the front room , roaches in the back ... ' d1 escalade d1 pass a gleam mansion with a massive put green - like lawn ... ( continued ) 2 . d1 continued : d1 flash ( v.o. ) ' junkie 's in the alley with a baseball bat ... ' e1 escalade e1 pass blonde Little leaguer play baseball in crisp new uniform . flash ( v.o. ) ' a crazy lady , livin ' in a bag , eatin ' outta garbage pail , use to be a fag hag ... ' f1 escalade f1 pass two rich housewive clutching shopping bag from the most expensive store on the planet ... flash ( v.o. ) ' do not push I cuz I be close to the edge , I be tryin ' , not to lose my head ... ' g1 angle on escalade g1 drive through a security gate and into a gated community of brand new mansion ... flash ( v.o . ) ' it 's like a jungle sometimes , it make I wonder , how I keep from goin ' under ... ' CUT to : 2 ext . gluckman mansion ( malibu ) - day 2 a small crowd and the press be gather around bill gluckman , he wife bess ( 40s , lot of plastic surgery ) and daughter brenda ( 11 ) who be on the porch of they 12,000 - square - foot mansion . ( continued ) 3. 2 continued : 2 bill ... and so if you elect I governor , I promise to take care of California the same way I take care of my own family ; with compassion , caring , kindness , and most of all , with a interest in everyone . my friend ... ( catch phrase ) ' California be my family ! ' the crowd cheer and wave " gluckman for Governor " sign . bill speak of family , I would like to introduce my wife bess ... bess smile and wave . bill ... and my daughter , little Brenda . Brenda smile and wave like a campaign - trail veteran . bill any question ? the press begin shouting question . Bill pick ... bill deb? reporter # 1 where 's you son ? Bill be instantly flustered and tom gibbon , Bill 's campaign manager ( African - american , but the soul of William f. Buckley ) step in front of Bill . tom thank you for all you question , but we have run out of ... just then the ground shake with a frightening rumble . everyone quiet down -- be it a earthquake ? as the rumble hit again , the surface of the water in the koi pond ripple , a la jurassic Park . Reporters look around anxiously as another rumble hit ; Bill 's face fall as he see ... ( continued ) 4. 2 continued : ( 2 ) 2 the escalade roll into the driveway , hopping up and down on its amp - up hydraulics like something from crenshaw boulevard on a Friday night . the rear door pop open and mocha ( a.k.a. chadwick van pelt ) , dress head to toe in hip - hop gear , step out of the passenger side . mocha yo yo yoooo ! listen up , y'all ! he lay down a beat " human beat box " - style as monster ( a.k.a. miriam shaidelbaum ) climb out . she 's big , wear short short , a tight leather halter , huge hoop earring and oversize designer sunglass . monster y'all better chill ... next out be hadji ( a.k.a. yusef amiraslani ) , a skinny Persian kid with cornrow . hadji ... ' cuz b- rad G about to get ill !!! the driver 's door swing open , and a gleam white pair of four hundred dollar , untied nike sneak as they step to the pavement ; we crane up , past nike sweat , to brad gluckman , wear a do rag under he nike baseball cap . brad yo ! what 's up all you media people ?! this be b- rad G , kickin ' it real from the ' bu , represizzin ' !!! four fine white girl in bikini top , vinyl short and timberland come out and dance behind Brad , shaking everything they have get . Reporters move in like vulture . brad ' y 'all gather here on this special occasion . listen to my pop , he 's you West Coast liaison ' so show up , do not make I throw up . ( more ) ( continued ) 5 . 2 continued : ( 3 ) 2 brad ( cont 'd ) take out you purse and cough some dough up . my chicken get wit you , if you vote right . and do not worry y'all , cuz my girl be tight . Immigration , education , runaway inflation . California be not flowin ' like old constipation . vote Bill G on you election ballot . if you do not I be gonna hit you wit a mallot ! get gluck y'all ! Tom again step in and block Brad from view . tom that 's it for today , guy , very busy schedule , thank you !! Reporters shout question as Tom herd Bill up the step . two staff member hustle Brad into the house . CUT to : 3 int . mansion - den - 15 minute later 3 Bill gluckman 's election team ( gary , jen , and BRETT ) work the phone as Tom pace ; Bill stare out the window , lose . tom what 's the damage ? jen we be down nine point in the poll . bill in fifteen minute ? gary and drop . bill it 's a disaster . ( continued ) 6 . 3 continued : 3 tom what 's the spin ? BRETT I call the Times and the Chronicle , they be gonna play the whole thing off as a joke . bill thank god. tom how the hell do this happen ? bill I have no idea . I think he be out of town . tom Jen , I give you specific order to get some handler and keep Brad lock down until after the announcement . jen I do ! they fly to the ranch in maui last night ! tom maui ?! be not he at the villa in South hampton ? bill I think he be at the chalet in aspen . gary ( check laptop ) nope ... it be the compound in bermuda . tom oh for God 's sake ! can not we -- Brad enter and Tom shut up . brad yo , pop , that be off the hizzook ! I just get you another million vote right dare ! ( continued ) 7. 3 continued : ( 2 ) 3 Brad 's pants be so baggy , they fall to he ankle , expose he boxer . Brad pull they up . bill what be you do here , son ? brad I know I have to show up in order for you to blow up . so I have Captain tony fire up the lear jizzy and booya ! I be in da hizzy , gonna be on the campaign trizzy , 24 / seven , you know , kissin ' baby and whatnot . pound it ! Brad hold out he fist and Bill reluctantly hit it . on he way out , Brad chest - bump Tom . tom Bill , you have get to shut this down , now . tell Brad he can not work with you , period . bill no , no . I love he enthusiasm ... it 's just a little misguide . there must be something he can do for the campaign , where he can not hurt we . tom such as ...? bill I do not know ... phone , stuff envelope , make sign , something . CUT to : 4 ext . hancock park - back yard - day 4 Bill be at the end of a stir speech to the woman 's Organization of California . bill ... in Bill gluckman 's administration , woman will have better health care , woman will have better day care , and woman will have better job ! from here on in , my campaign have a new slogan ! ( continued ) 8. 4 continued : 4 in wing Tom signal Brad , who enthusiastically yank a cord , and we ... CUT to : wide shot - huge banner unfurl behind Bill . it be spray- paint graffiti-style , and read : " bill gluckman' down with the bitch and ho be ! " in wing Brad look on proudly ; Tom close he eye , a migraine kick in . CUT to : 5 int . limo - day 5 a angry mob of woman chase the limo as it back down the driveway full speed . bill ( stunne , hollow ) Bill gluckman 's down with the bitch and ho 's ' ? tom it be suppose to read , ' woman be first with gluckman . ' brad that 's old school . pop , you get to keep you pimp hand strong . CUT to : 6 ext . gluckman mansion - day 6 the limo pull in . Bill , Tom and Brad get out . brad peep y'all later . I 'ma go work on my new campaign rhyme , ' Election erection . ' it 's gonna be large ! yo ! I 'ma start on a new sign . ( continued ) 9. 6 continued : 6 he head for the house . tom that 's it , Bill . if Brad do not straighten up , you political career be finish . bill no , Tom . I promise you , I will not lose this election over my son . tom what be you go to do ? bill set up a appointment with my shrink . CUT to : 7 int . psychiatrist's office - day 7 plush . Brad sit unhappily on a overstuff couch opposite dr . feldman . bess and Bill sit off to the side . dr . feldman so ... Bradley ... brad why you keep callin ' I that ? dr . feldman well that 's you name , be not it ? brad it 's my slave name , a'ight ? I tell you like fi'ty time . DR. feldman ( sigh ) yes , okay ... b- rad ... brad wassup ? dr . feldman let 's play a association game . he pick up three CD 's , keep the back to Brad . ( continued ) 10 . 7 continued : 7 dr . feldman alright , b- rad . I want you to look at this ... he turn the first one around . it 's a nwa CD . next be a snoop CD , then a naz CD , and last be Brad 's high school yearbook photo . dr . feldman now , which one do not belong ? brad shoot. n.w.a. , fool . they break up a long time ago . bill ( lose temper ) dammit , Brad , stop act like a gang member . you be from malibu , you live in a nice home ... bess with nice maid ! dr . feldman Bill , bess , go to you happy place . Bill sit back , frustrated . DR. feldman what be you goal , B - rad ? what do you want out of life ? brad to be the biggest rapper dere ever be ! see , I get something to say , and I need the world to hear it . I be the shiznit . I will buy y'all car ! dr . feldman I see . and when do you first start feel like you be this ... shiznit ? brad oh , damn ... way back in the day . I have have this beat in my head since I be a little shortie ... dissolve to : 11 . 8 flashback - int . gluckman live room - day ( 1980 ) 8 toddler Brad ( 3 year old ) sit on the floor , play with a toy as gladys , Brad 's housekeeper ( African - american , thirty ) vacuum , while listen to she walkman . the phone ring , gladys pull off she walkman headphone and answer the ringing phone . gladys gluckman residence . Brad take the headphone and pull they over he ear . gladys no , Bill and bess be out of the country until December . his eye go wide as the hip - hop gold enter he head for the first time ... brad ( v.o. ) from then on it be hip -hop 24 / seven . dissolve to : 9 int . gluckman dine room - night ( 1984 ) 9 seven -year-old brad sit alone at the table , wear a run dmc hat ( a la " rock box " , play with he food . his headphone , around he neck , blare nwa . bess ( v.o. ) finish that vegetable , Bradley . bill ( v.o. ) you can not be excuse until you do . seven-year-old-brad tch . forget y'all . reveal : on the table across from Brad be a video conference system . both parent be on separate monitor -- bess 's have a sign that read , " Paris , " and Bill 's read , " Tokyo . " there be a place set in front of each monitor , as if they be dining with he . bill ( v.o. ) that 's it , mister . bess ( v.o. ) when we get home ... sometime in the near future ... you be go to be in big trouble !! ( continued ) 12 . 9 continued : 9 use the remote , Brad change the channel on he parent ' monitor to " yo MTV rap . " dissolve to : 10 int . psychiatrist's office - day ( present ) 10 dr . feldman what I be sense , Brad , be that you parent be not really there for you . brad nope. bess ( defensive ) that 's ridiculous ! bill what about you bar mitzvah ? dissolve to : 11 flashback - int . gluckman mansion - live room - day 11 ( 1990 ) Bill and bess enter with suitcase . the house be crowded with relative and Brad 's 13 - year - old friend . bill mazel tov , Bradley ! uncle louie , fifty and fat , with prayer shawl and yarmulke , move past they and call out to Brad : uncle louie ( o.s. ) what 's the theme of you party , kid ? Star Wars ? Baseball ? superhero ? reveal : thirteen -year-old brad dress like flava flav , a big clock around he neck , look like he 's just smell a fart . brad it 's o.p.p. , bitch ! Brad exit through french door , and as we follow he outside naughty by naturt' " o.p.p . " kick in . 13 . 12 ext . gluckman mansion - back yard - same time 12 it 's like we have suddenly step into a hard - core rap video -- big-booty home girl in bikinis freak with clean - cut jewish kid as the staff serve barbecue and malt liquor to the freak - out guest . among they , we see a 13 - year - old hadji , monster , and mocha , all nicely - dress for temple . above , a huge spray - paint banner read : " mazel tizzov b-rad , on he bar mitzvah ! " dissolve to : 13 omitted 13 &amp ; &amp ; 14 14 15 int . psychiatrist's office - day ( present ) 15 bess sniffles and dab she eye . dr . feldman bess , I be sense you would like to share . bess b- rad , you be a wonderful son ... it 's just that , well -- bill oh stop beat around the bush , bess . what we be try to say be , Brad , that you behavior be , well , it 's a embarrassment to the family . brad yo , pop , that hurt my feeling . bill I be sorry , but it 's the truth . brad do not be hatin' . bill and , Brad ... I can not have you on the campaign any longer . brad what ?! oh that 's how it be ? a'ight then . I be audi ! I need to take a drive . ( continued ) 14 . 15 continued : 15 Brad leave , slamm the door behind he . bess what can we do , doctor ? dr . feldman well , he lack of parental guidance leave Brad wide open to outside influence , allow hip - hop culture to firmly imprint on he psyche . bill do you think we can bring he back ? dr . feldman ( grim ) I do not know . this be the most advanced case of gangsta- phrenia I have ever see . bess oh no , not gangsta-phrenia ! CUT to : a15 ext . gluckman back yard - poolside - day a15 Brad relax in a lounge chair , wear sunglass and sip on a forty . bess enter wear a chanel suit . she sit on the lounge chair next to he . bess Bradley , I know you be busy , but we need to talk . Brad lift he sunglass and turn to he mother . brad what 's up ? bess after we therapy session I realize that you father and I could have be better parent . we neglect you and I feel terrible . ( continued ) 14a . malibu's most wanted - Rev. 8/22/02 ( 2nd pink ) a15 continued : a15 brad for real ? bess yes . so from here on out I be go to be a better mother . I want to get closer to you ... be there for you . if ever you need -- just then , she cell phone ring . she pull it out from she hip and answer . bess hello ? celeste ! when do you get back ?! what ?! oh my God ! I have be wait for that bag for six month ! ( to Brad , cover phone ) it 's my personal shopper . ( back to phone ) stay right there . I be on my way ! she stand . bess so ... where we ... oh yes . I be always here for you , Bradley . do you have my cell number ? she hand Brad a piece of paper and exit . Brad pull down he shade and take a long sip from he forty . 16 omitted 16 17 ext . gluckman mansion - patio - noon 17 Brad sit at the massive dining room table as gladys pour he a big glass of grape juice , then cut up he food . brad gladys ? gladys yeah ? brad ever feel like you do not belong ? ( continued ) 14b . 17 continued : ( A1 ) 17 gladys all the time , baby . most folk only feel comfortable around folk who be the same as they . when they meet someone different , they get scared and angry , wanna keep them down . ( continued ) 15 . 17 continued : 17 brad what do you do about it ? gladys nothin ' to do but keep it real . be proud of who you be . brad yeah , you right ... gladys , when they gonna leave we people alone ? gladys ( emotional ) I do not know , baby , I just do not know ... ( notice Brad 's plate ) eat you green before they get cold , boy . a pager goe off . Brad search he pocket , pull out a pager -- that 's not it ; pull out another pager -- that 's not it either ; pull out a two - way -- that 's the one . brad ( read pager ) oh no , not again ! he get up and run out of the room . CUT to : 18 int . campaign headquarters - war room - day ( same time ) 18 Bill , Tom , the staff , and several aide of vary ethnicity be mid-meete . tom how would it go with feldman ? bill great news . if he see Brad five day a week , he say we will see improvement in three to four year . jen but ... the election 's in two month . bill right , good point . ( continued ) 16 . 18 continued : 18 tom we have be brainstorm on some different approach , and I think we may have something solid here . bill I be all ear . tom guy ? the team gather around -- it 's a gang pitch . BRETT Brad might act ' ghetto , ' but let 's face it , he 's never be east of beverly Hills . jen but what if we give he a little dose of reality ? gary let he get a firsthand look at the ghetto . bill you mean , have Brad actually ... go there ? tom exactly . bill sound dangerous ... BRETT it will be perfectly safe . bill how do it work ? jen we hire actor to play gangster . tom they car-jack Brad , then take he on a ' tour ' of the ' hood ... give he a little taste of what thug life 's really like . it might just scare the black out of he . ( continued ) 17 . 18 continued : ( 2 ) 18 Tom get strange look from everyone . african - american aide Excuse I ? tom look , I be as down as the next brother , guy ... fellah . I grow up in compton , okay ? but let 's get over the p.c. thing and face fact . unless we do something soon , Brad 's gonna cost we this election . the team all nod . bill I do not know ... it sound so drastic . tom maybe drastic be what Brad need , Bill . he be twenty - four . I mean , what 's he gonna do for a live , rap ? they all chuckle . Bill sigh . bill who do we get for the gangster ? tom remember the anti-crime spot we shot last month ? gary we have get it cue up . they turn to the tv and Gary hit play . on the monitor : a gluckman campaign ad play . 19 ext . ghetto basketball court - day 19 a young , black gangbanger ( sean ) , glare at camera . narrator ( v.o. ) for too long , street violence have tear Californians apart ... a second banger ( pj ) , glare at camera . ( continued ) 18 . 19 continued : 19 narrator ( v.o. ) Bill gluckman want to put we division behind we . we cut wide : to reveal Bill gluckman stand in between the two gangbanger . he 's in shirtsleeve , tie loosen . bill ( v.o. ) fellas , instead of think of yourselves as what set you be from , or what crew you be roll with , why can not you both be brother . what do you say ? sean ( v.o. ) I guess we never think of each other like that . pj ( v.o. ) I neither , dawg . pj and Sean think be over , nod and shake hand . bill ( v.o. ) you see ... ( turn to camera ) ' California be my family ' ... cut to angle on Bill and the gangbanger play basketball , have a wonderful time . bill ( v.o. ) if we work together as a family there 's no tell how high we can go . Bill fly by , obviously from a o.s. trampoline , and soar over the gangbanger for a monster dunk . freeze on : the two awestruck " gangbanger . " 18 back to scene 18 as they talk we see Brad , out the window , raise a banner . tom that be we guy , right there . bill will he be safe ? ( continued ) 19 . 18 continued : 18 tom absolutely . bill ( feed up and confuse ) I do not know ... can not we just ... he look out the window and see Brad 's new banner . it read , in graffiti color : " election erection . " bill alright , fine , just do it . CUT to : 20 int . mali - brew - day 20 Brad urgently run into the mali-brew coffee shop ( Starbucks clone ) , where he and he crew spend ninety percent of they time . he be stop at the door by a very worried mocha and monster . brad lemme go . mocha you do not want to see he like dis . brad what happen ? mocha he o.d. would again . brad why do not you stop he ? monster I try , yo ! brad how many do he do ? mocha like twelve , thirteen , I do not know ! brad damn . twelve frapachizzo 's . brotha 's caffein out . move aside . ( continued ) 20 . 20 continued : 20 Brad push past and look on in horror at hadji , pace and talk to himself like a rabid dog on angel dust . hadji I 'ma get mine ! step , fool ! I will cut you , I swear ! brad just chill , hadji , we be here to help . what 's up ? hadji ( frenzied ) I ... I ... I be pickin ' up aromatherapy candle at illumination for mom , right ? and the counter trick give I lemon when I specifically axed for lilac ! Brad turn to hadji . brad it 's on now ! music : public enemy' " fight the power " kick in as we -- CUT to : a20 ext . mali - brew - day a20 Brad , follow by he crew , exit , ready for battle . CUT to : b20 int . mall - day b20 we be still listen to " fight the power , " only now it 's a muzac version , pipe in through the mall 's PA system . Brad , hadji , monster and mocha strut through the mall . Rich shopper get out of the way . CUT to : c20 int . mall - illumination - moment later c20 Brad and he crew approach the old woman cashier . ( continued ) 21 . c20 continued : c20 brad yo , fool ! we get some hard - core drama ' bout to go down right neow !! hadji dat 's right ! brad dis be we mall . always be and always will be ! mocha woof woof ! old woman oh , Mr. amiraslani . I be so glad you come back . we clerk accidentally give you the wrong aromatherapy candle . here you go . she hand hadji a box mark " lilac . " brad you better be validatin ' my parking ? old woman of course , sir . brad dat 's what I be talkin ' ' bout . we get ours ! CUT to : 21 ext . parking lot - day 21 Tom , stand by a limo , be speak with Sean and pj , dress as they actual , preppy selve . sean ( incredulous ) hold the phone , buddy ... you want we to scare this kid until he start act like a nice little white boy again ? tom do not think you can handle it ? ( continued ) 22 . 21 continued : 21 sean of course I can handle it . I study at juilliard for God 's sake . tom fantastic . Tom hand they a manila envelope . tom here 's some background information on Brad . pj pull Brad 's CD from the envelope . insert - CD cover it be Brad , throw the malibu sign , surround by woman in thongs with gigantic ass . the title , in graffiti font , read : " mali - bootay ! " pj ( o.s. ) malibootay ? back to scene tom he consider himself a ' rapper . ' sean frickin ' a . they all laugh . Tom hand they a checklist / itinerary . tom okay , so here 's the story -- it 's you basic kidnap ... sean so we hold he for ransom ? tom right . but when you see he act ghetto and all , it piss you off so much , you tour he around the ' hood to show he what thing be really like . ( hand pj a list ) I have my guy brainstorm a few idea ... ( continued ) 23 . 21 continued : ( 2 ) 21 pj ( read list ) ' mugging , drive - by shoot , crack deal go bad ...' sean why do not you have he steal some watermelon while you be at it ? tom pay fifteen grand apiece . sean and pj ( quickly ) we be in . tom good. sean wait -- we be kidnap he , could not we get arrest ? tom get you cover . Mr. gluckman 's a billionaire -- if you run into any problem with the law , we be very close with the commissioner . on the flip side , if you screw up and a single hair be touch on Bradley 's over - privileged head , I will make sure that you do serious time . clear ? sean cris ... tal . tom good. pj what about the money ? pull out a smaller envelope . tom five up front , twenty - five when you return he to we , white . sean ... as the drive snow . ( continued ) 24 . 21 continued : ( 3 ) 21 tom I will call you . Tom get in the limo and leave as Sean and pj head for they car . pj congrat , my brother . we just book another gig . sean yeah , but it 's totally dangerous , dude . you know what it 's like in the ' hood . we could get shot ! pj we can handle ourselves . come on , man , it 's the ultimate act challenge . sean you know what really chap my ass ? after year of training and study , the only part they will give we be gangbanger . just once I would like to play a character who have decent grammar and do not wear timberland . pj beat gettin ' dunked on by Bill gluckman . sean do we even know anybody down there ? they think , then come up with it at the same time . pj my cousin . sean shondra . CUT to : 22 int . mall food court - wienie in a bun - close on 22 shondra - day in a wienie in a bun uniform , chew gum and look like she 's smell something nasty . ( continued ) 25 . 22 continued : 22 she 's at the counter face Sean and pj . pj study the menu . shondra you zoot , nigga ? wider sean honest to God . shondra that 's the stupidest thing I ever hear . I get better thing to do with my time , boy . sean like work at wienie in a bun ? pj really . you be the one always talkin ' about improvin ' yourself . shondra I be improvin ' myself , fool . I break up with no - good gang - bangin ' tec , I be go to beauty school , then I 'ma hook up my own salon ... pj in the meantime , how about hook a brother up with a pepsi and some fries ? shondra shut up , stupid . sean do this , shondra . you will get some real money so you can quit this minimum wage crap and start up you business . shondra what you payin ' ? sean a grand . shondra make it trey , we on . ( continued ) 25a . 22 continued : ( 2 ) 22 sean Jesus Christ , three grand ? shondra or you can kiss my ass . pj deal . now how about that fries ? music : a uptempo rap track kick in as we ... CUT to : 26 . a22 int . sean and pj' apartment - night a22 Sean sit on a second -hand couch in they barren , low - rent apartment , concentrate on read a ebonics dictionary . pj enter from outside , sweat and carry a heavy box mark : " john' prop house . " he wear a stylish nike baseball cap . pj we be strapped now , my brother . he set the box down and begin pull out gun . sean they have everything we order ? pj glock , uzis , tec-9s ... pj take off the cap to wipe he brow , revealing that he hair have be braid into cornrow . sean what the hell be that ? pj oh , my hair ? shondra just do it . ( off Sean 's look ) what ? you hate it ? sean no . I just think it 's a choice my character would have make . pj do not go there , Sean . you be just jealous you do not think of it first . sean whatever . dissolve to : same scene - later Sean enter with a big box mark " thug life . " he have on a wig identical to larenz tate 's braid and bead in menace ii Society . sean okay , get the gangsta wear . ( continued ) 27 . a22 continued : a22 pj burst into laughter . sean what 's so funny ? pj that wig , man ! I do not know this be Halloween . bring I back some candy ! he double over , fall on the floor . sean whatever . Sean yank the wig off and whip it into the corner . dissolve to : same scene - later pj have on baggy jeans . Sean yank they down so he boxer be hang out . pj smile -- perfect . dissolve to : same scene - later pj and Sean , now in full gangsta gear , practice they pimp strut ... dissolve to : same scene - later Sean and pj stand side by side in front of a full - length mirror , practice make angry face and pull gun from they pants , as we ... smash CUT to : close on sean his face fill with rage . sean gimme you ride , punk , or I will dust yo ass ! ( continued ) 27a . a22 continued : ( 2 ) a22 widen to reveal pj watch Sean , shaking he head . pj nope , you be not convincing I . remember you core character . you be a oppress black man from the ghetto . sean yeah , I know , I be have trouble find this one . lemme try it again . gimme you ride , punk , or I will dust yo ass ! pj add a ' beeyotch ' and I think you be there . music : the music segue from we montage rap beat to mocha 's human beat BOX , as we ... dissolve to : b22 ext . mali - brew parking lot - low angle - day b22 as a car door open , boot hit the pavement , and shondra 's incredibly fine ass slide into frame . we follow it as it move to : 23 int . mali - brew - day 23 shondra enter , look ghetto fab hot . people look at she like she just land from Mars . she raise she sunglass , see Brad and crew play domino at a table . Brad slap down the winner ; point at monster . brad I be thin to win ! ( rap to monster ) ' the name be B - rad , not Robbie Van winkle ... go get my latte nonfat , and do not forget the sprinkle ! ' they pound and congratulate Brad on he brilliance . shondra drop she shade back down and move in . hadji see she first . his jaw drop , then he tug on mocha 's shirt , whose jaw drop , then mocha tug on Brad 's shirt . brad yo , what up , fool ? I be -- ( continued ) 27b . 23 continued : ( A1 ) 23 Brad see shondra and freeze . everything go slow motion . brad be Pov - shondra strutting toward he . back to scene brad girl you fly . ( continued ) 28 . 23 continued : 23 shondra thank you . brad let I get they tig ol ' bitty . shondra Word up . she throw open she shirt , and before we see anything we ... CUT to : reverse angle - brad his eye go wide , then we be ... back to real time : Brad snap to as shondra brushes by and then move to the counter . barista can I help you ? shondra coffee . barista tall , Grande , venti , nonfat , soy -- shondra Big ... ( point ) ... black . brad ( to barista ) yo , krista the barista . put it on my account . ( to shondra ) get yourself a blueberry scizonne too , girl . shondra cool , playa . she smile . Brad follow she over to the condiment table . ( continued ) 29 . 23 continued : ( 2 ) 23 brad I be not see you in here before . where you reside ? shondra compton . you ? brad the street . shondra which street ? brad malibu ... represent . bard throw the " m " sign . shondra right . I guess it 's pretty hardcore up in here . brad Hell yeah . ( point to he crew ) I be down with the p.c.h. hustler . and dem over dere ... Brad point to three white wannabe in another corner . brad ( o.s. ) the calabasis crab ... and behind dem ... we pan to another table , where four thug poser sit . brad ... the palaside pimp . shondra damn . how do you deal ? brad all day every day . she smile seductively . shondra be that you droppin ' rhyme when I come in ? ( continued ) 30 . 23 continued : ( 3 ) 23 brad Hell yeah , I be a rhyma on tima ... Brad hand she he CD . shondra mali-boo -tay , huh ? look phat . you gettin ' any air play ? brad I be holdin ' out for power 106 . I send Big Boy a CD , he just be not get back to I yet . shondra sound just like that fat fool . I will talk to he ' bout it . brad ( blow away ) hold dup ? you know Big Boy ? shondra Hell yeah . I see he at the swap meet almost every Sunday . brad for rizzill ?! shondra for rizzeal . brad yo. holler at he for I . shondra I do not know . I guess you do kinda get it goin ' on ... it 's funny . I be just on my way down to see he . wanna roll with I ? brad now ? ( think ) well , tonight be my seder dinner ... shondra just help out a brotha . ( continued ) 31 . 23 continued : ( 4 ) 23 brad ( kiss chai ) let 's bounce . shondra I be just gonna hit the lady ' room , a'ight , pimp juice ? she head off . Brad turn to he posse . brad yo , y'all , this fine dimey be hookin ' I up with Big Boy hisself . hadji shut up ! brad I be not lyin ' ! they pound , shake , hug . hadji yo , but what about we ? brad start droppin ' beat . soon as I sign with biggy , we gonna need some sick track . hadji Bet ! they all pound as mocha start throw beat . 24 int . mali - brew bathroom - same time 24 shondra 's on she nextel cell phone . shondra it 's on . CUT to : a24 int . car - day a24 Sean listen to shondra on he nextel , then look at pj and nod gravely . 31a . 25 int . brad' escalade - moving - day 25 they drive along the Santa monica freeway , head east . shondra so what do you rap about ? ( continued ) 32 . 25 continued : 25 brad oh , I can rap about anything . shondra for real ? brad yeah , lemme kick it freestyle . ( rap ) ' traffic , traffic , lookin ' for my chap stick , feelin ' kinda carsick , there 's a Ford maverick ...' ( back to talk ) see ? dat 's a million - dollar song right dare . shondra so , how do you get to be so down ? brad I be a playa all my life , girl . and I must say , of all the sister I be wit ' , you de finest . so , you get a man ? shondra ( bitter ) I do , but I just get through kickin ' he sorry ass to the curb . I be not nobody 's ' gangsta hoochie . ' I be a entrepreneur . brad word. ( then ) what 's that ? shondra a businesswoman . brad oh. shondra one day I 'ma have a chain of beauty salon all up in the 90210 , just like Starbucks , only instead of coffee , with hair and nail . makin ' sick money turnin ' all the rich hoochy ghetto fab . ( continued ) 33 . 25 continued : ( 2 ) 25 brad that 's genius , girl . damn . you fine and smart too . you gonna blow up huge , no doubt . she 's take aback by he sincerity . she do not get much validation from guy . shondra thank you . brad for real , girl . you like a cross between martha Stewart and Oprah . I 'ma call you mothrah . she give he a strange look , then notice where they be . shondra take this exit . Brad swerve across three lane of the freeway to take the exit , and suddenly find himself actually in South Central . he 's awestruck -- he notice a homeless guy with a shopping cart load with bag of stuff . brad yo . he really should use delivery . suddenly Sean pop he head into the car and stare directly at Brad . he put a prop tec 9 in Brad 's chest and yank he out of the car . sean gimme yo ride , punk , or I will dust yo ass ... beeyotch ! brad what ?! sean you be gettin ' jack ! move ! brad shondra ?! shondra shut up , fool ! ( continued ) 34 . 25 continued : ( 3 ) 25 brad dis a come - up ?! sean no . it 's a stickup . brad I think I be gonna throw up . pj and I be about to wet you up if you do not move ! brad ( meekly ) do this mean we be not go to Big Boy 's ? pj Big Boy 's ? what this fool talkin ' about ?! sean you jus ' be kidnap . they throw Brad in the car and get in . a25 int . brad' escalade - continuous action a25 Sean take off . brad kidnap ?! pj yeah . we get you rich gluckman ass now ! brad how you know I ? sean we see you on the news the other night ! ( mock ) b- rad ! pj you papa 's gonna pay or you be gonna pay ! ( continued ) 34a . a25 continued : a25 Brad sneak out he two way and type in ... insert - two - way as Brad 's frantic message pop on : " 911 ! 911 ! I be car jacked ! help ! b-rad ! " a hand slap a domino violently down next to the pager as we ... CUT to : 26 int . mali - brew - wide shot - day 26 monster have just slam down the winner , and the pager with Brad 's message fly off the table and shatter on the floor . monster , mocha and hadji be unaware . monster bam ! y'all owe I seven hundred dollar ! ( continued ) 35 . 26 continued : 26 hadji reluctantly hand she a wad of cash as she laugh . hadji a'ight , come on now , let 's stop mess around . B tell we to lay down some beat for the new album . monster lemme go free style . hadji free style , please ! you momma rap better than you . monster do not you talk about my momma . hadji I will talk about you momma all I want . monster you be not get the bizall , bitch ! hadji oh yeah ? peep dis . you momma 's so poor , when she shop at barney , she have to drive herself ! mocha oooh ! monster yeah ? well you momma 's so poor , when she go to monte Carlo , she fly commercial . mocha dang ! hadji you momma 's so poor , she round the world cruise end in Spain ! mocha bam ! monster you momma 's so poor , when she stay at the four season , she could only afford three . ( continued ) 36 . 26 continued : ( 2 ) 26 mocha oh damn , it 's on now ! CUT to : a26 ext . shondra's front yard - day a26 the escalade pull into shondra 's driveway and screech to a stop . pj haul Brad out of the back as Sean climb out . pj let 's get he inside . brad dang . why you doin ' this to a brother ? sean a brother ? pj oh no you do not . sean whose brother ? brad your , y'all . I be down . sean down ? God damn ! pj uh-oh . you do do it now . sean you be not black ! you can never be black . and you perpetratin ' ass be stealin ' the only thing I get -- my culture ! pj what the hell make you think you know what 's goin ' down in the ' hood ?! brad b.e.t. ( continued ) 37 . a26 continued : a26 pj you think this be a joke , wigga ?! brad I be sorry . do not be hatin' . sean you a long way from the beach now , punk ! you in South Central . the ghetto . the 'hood . it 's hard core up in here ! people here die every day ! two little girl be walk by . little girl # 1 hey , shondra ! can you come on by later ? princess just have she litter of puppy . shondra ( see Brad look puzzle by this ; wave ) okay then . pj ( cover ) they be pit bull . sean mean pit bull . pj now get ya ass inside . CUT to : 27 omitted 27 through through a34 a34 34 int . shondra's house - shondra's bedroom - day 34 Sean and pj push Brad in . bar be on the window . Sean pat Brad down , and pull out he pager . sean you get anything else on you , fool ? ( continued ) 37a . 34 continued : 34 brad uh ... just this ... Brad pull out another pager , a phone , another phone . Sean and pj both pull several more out of he other pocket , as well as he wallet . pj all that James bond electronic crap can not save you now , fool . sit ya ass down . Brad do , and pj duct - tape he hand behind he back . pj we gonna go call yo daddy . sean you better pray he home . if he not , you be one dust trick ! Sean , pj and shondra exit , slamm the door behind they . 35 int . shondra's house - live room - continuous action 35 Sean and pj immediately drop they bad - ass personas . sean do you buy my rage ? pj you be indicate . sean I be indicate ? ( continued ) 38 . 35 continued : 35 pj ( imitate ) ' I will smoke you dumb wigga ass ' ? come on . sean ( imitate back ) ' if he not , you be one dust trick ! ' please ! shondra would you two fool shut the hell up ? sean sure , shondra , sorry . you be on . go play good cop . we have gotta call Tom . shondra roll she eye and head back into the room . 36 int . bedroom - continuous action 36 shondra enter . Brad turn away . shondra you a'ight in here ? brad oh yeah . I just be kidnap , carjack , hand tie behind my back , but other than that , it 's all good . shondra look , I be sorry about all that , it be not my idea . brad I think you like I . shondra I do . brad then how come you set I up ? shondra I have to . they ... ( emotional ) ... they threaten to kill I if I do not play along . ( continued ) 39 . 36 continued : 36 brad ( wide -ey ) for real ? shondra oh yeah . they straight - up killa . brad ( even more wide - eye ) for Real ?! shondra lemme school you on something , help you to stay alive , a'ight ? the one thing they hate more than anything , that really set they off , be poser . brad I feel you , girl , I too . shondra I be talkin ' ' bout you ! brad I ? but I hate poser ! I get a Ph.D. -- a poser - hater Degree . shondra come on . quit frontin' . brad I be not fron ' in ' . shondra listen to reason . if you just be a nice little white boy and say you be sorry , I think I can convince they to let you go . brad damn . I be who I say I be . why will not anyone believe I ? this be a issue that 's be comin ' up a lot in my life lately . a36 int . shondra's house - live room - same time a36 shondra exit , shake she head " no " to Sean and pj . ( continued ) 40 . a36 continued : a36 sean what 's next ? pj refer to the itinerary they get from tom. pj how about ... number three ? sean yeah , perfect . let 's take it to another level , my man . he and pj " get into character " and head in . b36 int . shondra's bedroom - continuous action b36 they enter and glare at Brad . sean a'ight , we put the call in to yo pop , and you know what he say ? brad huh ? pj that he would have to think about it . brad ( incredulous ) what ? straight up ? pj he 's not sure he want you back , cuz . sean can not see as I blame he . brad come on , y'all , quit hatin' . I be just a rapper , that 's it . sean wigga please ! Sean cut the duct tape with a blade . sean come on . ( continued ) 40a . b36 continued : b36 pj what you doin ' , fool ? sean I 'ma teach this little white girl a lesson ! pj no , dawg , stick to the plan . Lay low here at the crib ' till we get the ransom . sean the plan just do change , Tree . wannabe claim he down , I 'ma show he just how un - down he be . Sean yank Brad out by he collar . CUT to : 41 . 37 int . brad' escalade - late afternoon 37 Sean pull in and park in front of a small Korean grocery . sean a'ight , malibu , go get we six 40s of o.e. pj and a fifth of henny . ( to Sean ) anything else ? brad I would like some pringles . sean this be not a picnic , bitch ! brad I be sorry , I be sorry ... y'all get some ducket , ' cause I be tapped . sean you about to go up in there and give this Korean bitch yo end ? Hell no . pj you jack that shit . sean and if the asiatic give you any static , show the brotha this ... he hand Brad one of the prop gun -- a Glock . it 's heavier than Brad think . he drop it . pj Little trick claim he down , can not even swing a gat . brad but ... sean do it , punk , or I will use that on you . brad okay , a'ight , I will do it . ( continued ) 42 . 37 continued : 37 pj you try to get away , I 'ma let you get a little taste of my steel , understand ? he hold up he prop gun . brad I feel you . Brad stick the prop gun into he pants and get out . as soon as he 's in the store , Sean and pj burst into laughter . pj this be gonna be classic . sean he 's gonna run out of there a scared little white boy . they laugh again and pound it . CUT to : 38 int . korean grocery - same time 38 Brad walk in , very nervous . he look back -- he car be park so that pj can see he through the door . pj smile and show he the gun again . Brad swallow and approach the counter . the korean guy behind it watch he closely . korean guy yes ? brad yeah , uh , where the Old English at ? korean guy back there , under security camera . brad thank you , sir . Brad hurry to the back of the store , and spot a door by the beer cooler . he try to open it . it 's lock . Brad look up to the security mirror and see that the Korean guy be watch he . he move to the beer cooler and try to calm down . ( continued ) 43. 38 continued : 38 brad namyoho renge kyo , namyoho renge kyo , namyoho renge kyo and whatnot ... it 's not work . Brad try a cleanse breath . it do not help either . Brad gather up a armful of Old English 40s and head for the front . the Korean guy watch he as he walk past the counter toward the door . korean guy can I help you ? brad naaw , but I 'ma help myself to all this o.e. , and whatever else I want ! korean guy no , stop . Brad drop the beer . it crash to the floor in slow motion . Brad make a crazy , threaten face as he pull back a fist , but the Korean guy throw a fast right hand , landing squarely on Brad 's chin . Brad go down like a sack of hammer ; then we flashback to : moment earlier : we realize we have just be in a fantasy , as Brad again approach the counter with he beer . korean guy can I help you ? brad ( nervous ) let I axe you something . ever be rob ? korean guy oh sure . last week be my fifty - fourth time . but they be cool , no gun to head , never scream ; you know , good people . brad cool . he set the 40s on the counter , then reach into he waistband for he gun , and we ... CUT to : 44 . a38 int . brad' escalade - same time a38 sean how much do you have to give this guy , anyway ? pj what be you talk about ? sean ( slowly ) when you set this thing up yesterday , what do you pay ? pj I think you set it up . sean you mean the owner do not know this be all fake ? pj oh damn . sean get in there ! he could get shot ! pj I be not go in there ! you go in there ! they continue to argue as we ... CUT to : b38 int . korean grocery - cashier counter - same time b38 Brad finish reach into he waistband for the Glock , but feel something else . he pull out a small wallet that be velcroed to he belt . brad my emergency stash . thank you God . he pull out a hundred and kiss it . korean guy ( cheerful ) glad you get cash , ' cause if you try to jack I , I be gonna have to lay you out wid dis ... ( continued ) 45 . b38 continued : b38 he whip a .44 from under the counter and aim it at Brad . korean guy ... and wid dis . the Korean guy 's wife have a AK - 47 on Brad , the red dot of its laser sight train steadily in the middle of he forehead . korean guy ... and wid that . the Korean guy 's six - year- old boy have a saw - off shotgun point at Brad 's knee . the gun be bigger than the boy . the korean laugh at Brad . Brad drop the hundred on the counter . brad keep the change . korean guy ( ringing it up ) thank you very much . come again . as Brad look out to make sure pj and Sean have not see anything , the Korean guy stick the receipt in between two of the 40s . unaware , Brad gather he stuff and head to the door . brad uh , I know this be gonna sound wack , but what I be about to do be just a joke , so do not shoot I , okay ? c38 ext . korean liquor store - same time c38 Sean and pj , who be just run up to the door , watch stunne as Brad exit the store , pull he gun out . brad that 's right ! next time I will bust a cap in yo trick ass ! pj do he actually do it ? sean this can not be happen . ( continued ) 46 . c38 continued : c38 brad ( still shouting ) yeah . I 'ma come back later and get some more . Brad turn to the guy . brad let 's dip ! sean ( incredulous ) you do it ? brad straight up . trick do not do nothin' . pj yo , what up with this ? pj pull the receipt off of he 40 . pj if you jack this , how come you get a receipt ? Brad freeze . they both stare at he . brad I steal that too ! CUT to : 39 omitted 39 40 int . gluckman mansion - spa - night 40 Bill and Tom lie facedown on match massage table , while massage therapist rapidly pound they back . angle under tom' table Tom be read the itinerary through the face hole in he table . as the masseuse pound they back , Tom and Bill 's voice vibrate . ( continued ) 47 . 40 continued : 40 tom ... a meet and greet with greenpeace , then drink with the offshore oil lobby . close on bill face through hole . bill terrific . how 's the Brad project do ? tom ( o.s. ) smooth ... he 's in South Central . bill and he 's okay ? tom ( o.s. ) he 's in excellent hand . CUT to : 41 ext . korean liquor store - night 41 Sean , hold Brad by the shirt , slam he against the escalade . sean I have about have it , boy ! brad who you callin ' boy ? sean you get about five second to get real , or I 'ma timbo stomp you ass to de curb ! brad what do you mean , get real ?! sean Act you white self ! he shove a prop gun into Brad 's rib . sean five ! four ! ( continued ) 48 . 41 continued : 41 brad ( freaking ) okay , a'ight , chill . Brad take a deep sigh , look they in the eye , and begin to talk like a conservative white guy . brad I guess I now know I can never be as cool as you guy . I promise I will never , ever front or act like a thug again , and I be really really sorry if I offended you . Sean and pj move off to the side . pj you buy it ? sean I can not tell . pj I either . sean let 's give he the test . CUT to : 42 int . movie theater - angle on brad - night 42 Brad , in the seat , eat popcorn non-stop . he be flanke by Sean and pj ... they both watch Brad , as he stare at the horror film play on the screen . sean ( off Brad 's look ) you a'ight , man ? Brad snap out of it for a minute . brad ( " white " guy ) great , fine . terrific popcorn . scary music kick in ; Brad 's eye snap back to the screen . he struggle to contain himself . the music intensifies , we hear footstep , then a door handle turning , and Brad can not hold on any longer . he leap up , scream ... ( continued ) 49 . 42 continued : 42 brad ( as himself ) run , bitch , ruuuuuuuuuuuuuun !!! he gonna kiiiiiilllllll you ! other patron ( multi-ethnic ) turn and angrily " shush " Brad . Sean and pj lock eye : he fail the test . CUT to : 43 int . escalade - drive - night 43 Sean and pj be furious . Brad be apologetic . brad I be sorry , y'all , but this be just who I be . I be a rapper straight - up . sean and pj wigga , please ! brad no , for real . I can rap about anything . ( go into rap ) ' bloodbath and Tree , hang all day , they real tight , but they be not gay ... no , they okay ...' pj ( incense ) you think you get mad skill , huh ? well , we will see about that . 44 ext . proud chicken - later 44 Sean , pj , and Brad approach the club . sean I do have it with you , fool . you better check yourself before you wreck yourself . this be not malibu ! brad ( sotto ) represent . ( continued ) 49a . 44 continued : 44 pj yeah , we gonna see what you represent neeow . we at the club . sean cube , snoop , they all come up through here . pj you want to prove yourself , this the place to do it . they shove Brad into the club , then turn to each other and giggle like school girl . sean this be definitely gonna do it . pj pay day ! they pound and follow Brad into the club . CUT to : 50 . a44 omitted a44 45 omitted ( move to scene 44 ) 45 aa45 int . the proud chicken - night aa45 Brad enter and take in the club . think 8 mile . hardcore gangster type and some tough home girl check out rapper , drop , whose ferocious , gravel - voice rap show you exactly what kind of place you be in . sean how you feelin ' now , malibu ? brad finally , a place where I feel at home . pj ( disgust ) get yo ' ass in there . Brad boldly fist -shake jaw - drop patron as he wade through the crowd , ad libbing " whassup ? " and " pardon I , homey . " on stage drop finish and the mc bring up steel and young dre , announce the Battle Rap competition . steel and Young dre battle -- both be top -notch . at every insult , the crowd roar . a45 on balcony a45 shondra be talk to a home girl , check out the crowd below . she suddenly see Brad . she 's eye - wide horrify . steel finish , the crowd cheer , and Young dre start in on the mic . same scene - meanwhile Sean and pj leave Brad and fight through to the dj table , where the mc be stand , timing Young dre . Brad look around , then up . he see shondra and start for the stair . ( continued ) 51 . a45 continued : a45 on the balcony tec ( o.s. ) hey , girl . where you be ? she turn and face tec , she ex-boyfriend , a no -nonsense roughneck gangbanger . he 's very soft -spoken , almost expressionless . shondra none of you damn bizness , tec . now let go . she yank she arm away from he . tec y'all be busy , huh ? shondra too busy for you . tec you be gettin ' busy ? shondra Hell no . tec come on , girl , I be cool . just tell I who it be . shondra all you need to know be that it be not you , okay ? tec you know , you be not shit , shondra . you be just a chickenhead , and that 's all you will ever be . just then , Brad walk up , grin like a fool . brad what up , girl ?! he give she a sloppy kiss on the cheek . shondra you a'ight ? ( continued ) 52 . a45 continued : ( 2 ) a45 brad I be fine , but you the finest ! ( to tec ) she a genius too , man ! I be tellin ' you , one she get set up , mothra gonna blow up like rosie o'donnell 's head ! tec do not tell I you be hittin ' that ? she try to pull away , but tec hold on tight . brad damn , man . do not you know how to treat a lady ? that 's not nice . shondra Brad , do not -- tec it 's cool , shondra . the brutha 's right . tec release shondra 's arm and immediately grab Brad by the throat and hang he over the balcony . tec do not yo mama teach you to mind you own bizness ? brad ( be strangle ) do not be hatin ' . shondra do not do it , tec! brad auuuuuuuuu ! tec feel everyone look at he . now be not the time . he release Brad and compose himself . tec y'all both gonna be sorry . tec stalk off . shondra you alright ? ( continued ) 53. a45 continued : ( 3 ) a45 brad ( cough ) I be okay . who be that ? shondra Old history . come on . shondra grab Brad and move he to the stair . b45 at the dj table b45 Sean and pj finally make it to the mc , who stand with the dj . sean yo! Sean bump the dj table . a vicious look from the dj , as Sean try to play it off . the mc just look at he disdainfully . pj uh ... my boy want Young dre next . the mc look they over ... mc Hell , nah ... sean maybe a C - note would open some ... equal opportunity ? mc ( take the cash ) what 's he name ? sean b-rad . from malibu . the mc make a face , but put down Brad 's name anyway . pj ( enthusiastically ) hey playa ... you get any will Smith back there ? the mc just look at he ... 46 omitted 46 &amp ; &amp ; 47 47 54 . a47 same scene - meanwhile a47 shondra haul Brad down the stair and stop near the entrance . brad damn shondra , where 's the fire at ? shondra ( fishing in she bag ) you be go home . brad you settin ' I free ? shondra no. I be savin ' you ass . I be not havin ' you blood on my hand . ( hand he key ) it 's the blue Honda across the street . from the stage mc a-ight y'all . up next , to challenge Young dre , we get ... b- rad from malibu . look of confusion , as the crowd search for " B -rad . " shondra wait a second . Brad , do not do it . Brad turn to shondra , look at the key , and shake he head . brad shondra , I got to do ' dis . this be my shot . I gotta prove myself . shondra can not argue . Brad start to the stage . a wave of SHOCK , as the crowd realize who b-rad actually be . shondra this be gonna be like a episode of ' Oz . ' Brad get he game face on and walk the gauntlet on he way to the stage -- a impose path of intimidating look . ( continued ) 55 . a47 continued : a47 he be then drag up onto the stage . he misinterprets the antagonizing chant as encouragement and try to high - five the crowd -- no taker . the mc and Young dre laugh at he . young dre Nah , nah , nah ... I be not gonna battle no bitch . what be i? ike Turner ? the crowd laugh . Brad cluelessly laugh along with they . mc a-ight , a-ight ... we gotta do this . yo , saltine ... head or tail ? brad tizzaizzlszzs ! everyone be totally confuse . brad ( apologetic ) tail ... I want tail . the mc flip and " tail " it be . mc you wanna go first ? brad Nah ... lady first . Brad laugh , turn to the crowd to appreciate he lame burn ... nothing . Young dre look furious . Young dre grab the mic and the dj spin . Young dre proceed to incinerate Brad . with every line , the crowd go insane . ( note : actual Young dre Rap to come . ) as Young dre flow , Brad be visibly shake , but try to play it off -- not so discreetly scribbling note on he hand and up he arm . Young dre finish with devastating blow , drop the mic on the stage . the crowd go wild ... mc whooo ... GOD damn ! now , let 's see if this eminem melt in yo ass and in you hand . ( continued ) 55a . a47 continued : ( 2 ) a47 the dj kick the beat and the mc throw Brad the mic . he miss it and it drill he in the forehead . the crowd laugh . Brad try to regain he composure ... brad can we start again ? I lose my place . taunt and laugh as the beat play again . Brad wag he head , ready to come in strong . he look down at he note ... he 's sweat so badly he arm be a mess of runny ink . he freeze again ... the crowd be really on he now -- collectively make the " choke " sign . brad I be cool ... I be cool . Brad finally start up . brad ' you big and rough , you act all tough , I bet in you childhood you never have much love . ( finish ) alert the media , I be a rap encyclopedia , my shrink say I suffer from a case of gansta-phrenia , I be tryin ' to be meania , I be feel much vigor , I be the " Bu 's " number one , hardcore niggaa !!! complete silence . pj ( terrify , to sean ) let 's get the hell out of here . Brad look around as blank face stare back at he . brad I be sorry ... the crowd erupt with outrage and rush the stage . smash CUT to : ( continued ) 55b . a47 continued : ( 3 ) a47 brad wail with terror as he 's pass hand - over-hand above the cursing club patron , ( crowd surfing - style ) toward the exit . four thug run Brad out of the back door , into the ... b47 ext . alley - night b47 ... where they launch he into the dumpster with a resounding thud . Brad 's landing cause the lid to slam violently shut , and force Sean and pj , who have be hide behind it , to pop up . sean what be that ? a rumble come from the dumpster and they pull back the lid . angle on : Inside the dumpster where Brad lie in the bottom -- he fall be break by several loaf of old wonder bread . pj and Sean fall into hysterics , as shondra emerge from the club . she find pj and Sean apoplectic with laughter , shake she head and begin to help Brad out of the dumpster . 48 by bar 48 tec watch it all go down . snuffy , 20 , skinny but tough - look chollo , and not a member of tec 's crew , be stand next to tec. snuffy you gettin ' play , ese . tec Excuse I ? snuffy ( laugh ) loco boy hittin ' you lady , home , and she 's diggin ' it . tec yeah , snuffy , that 's right . ( continued ) 56 . 48 continued : 48 tec start to laugh , then suddenly he fist explode into snuffy 's face . snuffy drop , and tec start to stomp he until he boy , 8 - ball and deuce , pull he off . 8- ball not here , tec. tec a'ight , y'all , let 's roll . deuce whatchoo wanna do ? tec bag I a white boy . as they move toward the exit we ... CUT to : 49 ext . hip - hop club - night 49 Sean and pj be laugh uproariously . Brad walk in between they , devastate . shondra 's behind , look bum out as they head for the car . sean hey y'all , check this out . I can rap about anything ! haaa !! pj word. ( bad white rapping ) ' listen , all you rapper , the name 's Brad gluckman . when on the mic you could say I really suck man ! ' they burst out laugh . Brad just stare ahead , pout , sick to he stomach . shondra a'ight , y'all have you fun , why do not you chill ... pj ' cuz b- rad G about to get ill !!! they burst out laugh again as they head for the car . ( continued ) 57 . 49 continued : 49 sean damn . I have not laugh like that in a long time . ' fess up , boy , you can not hang . brad I just want to go home . pj uhn uhn , be not happen . by the way , forget to tell you . we hear from you pop , and guess what ? he be not payin ' . sean he think y'all belong down here in the ' hood with we brothas , seein ' how you so ' down ' and all . pj so , I guess that mean we get to ice you punk ass . brad I do not care no more . I get nothin ' to live for . go ahead and smoke I . Brad get in the car . Sean and pj look at each other -- this be not what they expect . CUT to : 50 omitted 50 a50 int . shondra's house - bedroom - same time a50 ( note : scene a50 be formerly scene 54 ) Brad 's lie on the bed , look up dreamily . voice ( o.s. ) psst . hey , dawg . brad huh ? voice ( o.s. ) down here , dawg . Brad look over the edge of the bed . a small gray rat look up at he . ( continued ) 57a . a50 continued : a50 brad Stuart Little ? rat negro , pleeeze . that little white rat be not get nothin ' on I -- yo , I be ronny rizat , represizzat . brad I be not never see no talk rat before . although at the malibu County Fair they have a chicken that play tic tac toe . man , I hate lose to that chicken . rat why you so down , dog ? brad I be a failure . rat Nah , nah it 's not like that . you need to stop listen to what all they perpetrator be run and believe in yourself . brad for real ? rat for riz-real . pound it . they punch it in . brad so you say if I put my mind to it I can be whatever I want to be ? rat damn straight . brad I could be a highstylin ' pimp ? rat they stylin-est . brad I could drive a mad ' 63 El camino with 43 - inch gold - plate dub and a trunk full o' bitch ? ( continued ) 57b . malibu's most wanted - Rev. 1/29/03 a50 continued : ( 2 ) a50 rat you could have a roof rack full of bitch . and some teeny - tiny little bitch in the glove compartment . brad and I could be the biggest rapper in the world . rat rapper ? Hell no ! you stink ! I would rather eat garbage than listen to you tired ass rhyme . ( think about it ) hmmm , garbage . that 's make I hungry . peace out . the Rat run off . Brad sigh , flop back down on the bed , utterly depressed . CUT to : 51 int . shondra's house - bedroom - moment later 51 Brad lay on the bed , moonlit through the bar of the window . shondra enter . Brad roll over , away from she . shondra hey ... you okay ? Brad sniffles . shondra you know , it 's not as bad as it seem . ( continued ) 58 . 51 continued : 51 brad it 's worse . everybody 's right . my rhyme be weak . shondra you just need a little experience . brad I should have run when you give I the chance . shondra naw . you be right . I respected you for get ' up there . brad but you hear them laugh . I be not nothin ' but a busta . shondra they just do not understand you . none of they know how hardcore it be up in ... malibu . brad ( perk up ) yeah ? shondra yeah with the ... traffic , and the ... parking , and ... brad ( get excited ) like , when the public be all up in you private beach ? shondra right . you just get to stick with it , you know , do not let anyone tell you who you be . Brad smile , look at she . brad thanks , shondra . ( beat ) you know what I be sayin ' , earlier , in the car , about be a playa and all ? well ... I be just foolin' . I never be with a sister before . ( continued ) 59 . 51 continued : ( 2 ) 51 shondra ( mock surprise ) for real ? brad except for on the internet . shondra I never would have know . brad ( shy ) I think you about the finest girl I ever meet in my whole life , and , well , since they gonna ice I in the morning , I be wonder ... could I , kinda like , kiss you ? she think , smile , then sit down next to he on the bed . Brad sit up and look at she face in the moonlight . brad you be so pretty . shondra thank you . Brad lean in and kiss she tenderly . she kiss he back . encourage , Brad open he mouth wide and try to stick he tongue down she throat . she push he back . shondra I say kiss , fool . damn . she get up and head for the door . shondra I offer you a snack , not the whole kitchen . brad I be sorry . I be sorry . I be chill . she roll she eye and leave . Brad fall back on the bed , a dreamy smile on he face . brad totally chill . CUT to : 60 . 52 ext . shondra's house - same time 52 tec , with he crew , drive up , light out , and kill the engine . he look at the house with death in he eye . 53 int . shondra's house - night 53 shondra exit the room and face Sean and pj . shondra a'ight , that 's it , this game be lame . I want my money , and then y'all can get out . pj but we be not do yet ... shondra you be not never gonna be do . do it ever occur to you two jackass that this be the way he really be ? sean no way . pj not possible . shondra whatever . look , I do what you ask , and I want my money . sean okay , I will get it , you know , but settin ' everything up be expensive , and I do not exactly have it right now . shondra Excuse I ? you playin ' I ? shondra hand Sean the phone . shondra y'all get I my money now , or I 'ma go in there and tell he what 's up . sean alright , okay , just relax ... as Sean start to dial , we -- CUT back to : 54 omitted 54 through through 60 60 a61 int . gluckman campaign office - night a61 tom yes , Sean . how 's we little project go ? ( continued ) 67 . a61 continued : a61 sean ( o.s. ) great , terrific , we be make real progress here . 61 int . shondra's house - live room - same time 61 Sean read from the checklist Tom give he . sean you suggestion be really helpful . he totally buy the car jack and kidnap ... 61a int . shondra's bedroom - same time 61a Brad listen intently as Sean continue . sean ( o.s. ) ... we stage a fabulous liquor store robbery . Mr. gluckman 's go to be very happy ... Brad 's eye widen . sean ( o.s. ) but , he 's still pose , so we want to put he in a drive - by shoot next ... but , it 's a little more money then we original projection ... Brad slump back . he can not believe it . 61 back to sean 61 sean so I be wonder if I could get a advance . tom ( v.o. ) no deal . you get the rest when richie cunningham step through the door here , and not one second sooner , understand ? sean but -- Mr. gibbon , hello ? 68 . b61 int . shondra's house - bedroom - night b61 Brad crawl out from the vent and go to the mirror . brad damn ... they be playin ' I all along . how could dey do that ? how could she do that ? ( get angry ) what -ever . if they fool wanna play , then let 's play . he head for the door , bad - ass and hardcore . 62 int . shondra's house - live room - night 62 suddenly , Brad 's boot come through the door . wood shatter everywhere . Brad step through with a furious look on he face . shondra , Sean and pj stare in shock . shondra what the hell do you think you be do ? brad hey ! listen up ... Brad G be in da hiz , and thing gonna start changin ' round here ! pj ( to Sean ) do something . sean you must be out yo mind . get back in that room before I beat you ass ! brad you feelin ' froggy , de leap ! Sean back down . brad anyone else wanna step ? shondra ( slightly attract ) what the hell get into you ? brad shut up , ho . ( continued ) 69 . 62 continued : 62 shondra who you callin ' ho , ho ? brad yo , ho , the same ho that give up that weak - ass kiss five minute ago in the bedroom . pj really ? damn . shondra ( piss off ) who the hell do you think you be ? brad I be b- rad G , from ' Bu , representin ' ! what y'all do not realize be that I be tryin ' to put my mobbin ' day behind I , but rollin ' with y'all do re-awoke my inna killa . let 's start droppin ' body ! shondra , pj and Sean watch , stunne , as Brad grab a prop gun , he car key and head out . sean come on , girl . let 's go ! shondra uhn uhn . you create that monster , you deal with it . pj but we get big a problem here . shondra until I see my money , it 's you problem . Sean and pj exit quickly . CUT to : 63 ext . shondra's house - night 63 Brad 's at the car door as Sean and pj exit and run up . ( continued ) 70 . 63 continued : 63 sean where the hell you goin ' ? brad I need to take a drive . pj come on , man . chill . brad today be a good day to die , do not have to use my a.k ... ( Ice cube-like ) yey yey ! sean why you talkin ' crazy ? brad ( get in car ) might as well go out in a blaze of glory . my daddy do not love I , my rhyme be play . I be not down enough for y'all -- sean ( panicked ) no . you down , right pj , er , Tree ? pj that 's right , bloodbath , he 's very down . as down as they come . suddenly , tec jump up , yank Brad 's door open and shove a nine in he side . sean oh my god. tec get out of the car , white boy . brad oh , you that weak fuck from de club . tec can not believe what he 's hearing . brad ( not impressed ) get something ' for I ? ( continued ) 71 . 63 continued : ( 2 ) 63 tec ( pull a tec 9 ) just this cap , fool ! you ready to die ? brad ai not that a coinky - dink ? I be just talkin ' to my homy about just that ... tec move ! brad ( get out of car ) a'ight , but y'all should change up you style , cuz this jacking be gettin ' tired . he head for tec 's car . brad yo , bloodbath , if there 's one tiny scratch on my ride , I 'ma eat y'all 's child . ( cheerfully ) shotgun ! tec tape up this fool 's hole , man . a crew member yank out some duct tape and tape over Brad 's mouth , then they throw he in tec 's trunk and slam it shut . tec step up to Sean and pj . tec what should we do with this bloodbath and he friend ? sean ( panicked ) I be not bloodbath ! my real name be Sean James , I be a actor . I swear ! tec be shondra hittin ' the white boy ? sean no way , man . she 's in on the scam , just like we . ( continued ) 72 . 63 continued : ( 3 ) 63 tec scam ? pj yeah . we be all be pay to pretend to kidnap Bill gluckman 's kid . tec gluckman ? the dude runnin ' for Governor . sean you have hear of he ? tec the dawg who 's down with bitch and hoe ? Hell yeah , I have hear of he . just ' cause I live down here you think I be ignorant ? pj we do not say that , brother . tec a'ight then . ( look at Brad ) damn , we get gluckman 's son . fool 's gotta be worth more alive than dead . ( to he crew ) let 's roll . CUT to : 64 omitted 64 &amp ; &amp ; 65 65 66 int . gluckman campaign hq - tom' office - same time 66 Tom and the campaign strategy team , brett , Gary and Jen , be eat takeout , mid-meete . tom all the poll say that since Brad 's be out of the picture we be up six point . ( continued ) 73. 66 continued : 66 BRETT we be still dead in the urban demo , though . gary gay too . jen there 's no way we can win without they . the intercom ring . tom yep ? secretary ( v.o. ) I have a Sean on the phone for you , sir . tom put it through . intercut with : 67 ext . industrial STREET - freeway underpass - same time 67 Sean be on a pay phone , terrify . tec stand next to he . the escalade and tec 's car be park nearby . sean Tom , we have a real problem . tom I tell you , no more money . sean I know you say that , but we be in real serious troub -- tec rip the phone out of Sean 's hand . tec listen , fool . gluckman 's boy have be kidnap for real , along with you punk friend . tom Excuse I ? ( continued ) 74 . 67 continued : 67 tec if Mr. Governor want to see he punk bitch son alive again I be gonna need five hundred grand by tomorrow midnight . tom how do I know this be real ? tec you think you actor be this good ? tec put the phone up to Sean . sean help we , please ... ( hiccup ) I be ... ( hiccup ) so ... ( hiccup ) scare !!! Sean begin to wail . tec yank the phone back . tom okay , I be convinced . tec good . now get I my money . tom Fine ... please do not do anything until I talk to Mr. gluckman and arrange the finances . tec you get ten minute . tec hang up . deuce now what ? tec we wait . behind , no one notice as a low rider cruise by slowly . 75 . 68 int . low rider - same time 68 it 's snuffy , he face swollen and bloody from the beat he take from tec . he 's with two of he homeboy , member of the rollin ' G gang , check out tec and the crew . snuffy be that he , ese ? loc yeah , that 's tec , home , from the I - 9' . snuffy call cyco , tell he to bring it all . we gonna have a party . the homeboy work he cell , as we : CUT to : 69 int . gluckman campaign headquarters war room - night 69 Tom stand there with the phone in he hand , shake . jen what the hell 's go on ? tom Brad 's be kidnap for real . BRETT what ? tom they want five hundred grand or they will kill he . gary oh my god. tom now let 's not panic . lemme just think this through for a minute . we could have a very interesting opportunity here . BRETT where be you go with this ? tom well , the negative be obvious . ( continued ) 76 . 69 continued : 69 gary Bill drop out of the race , emotional distress ... tom I can handle Bill . let 's brainstorm the positive . jen there 's so many . no more ' Brad problem . ' BRETT right , right , I be like it . they start riffing on the idea , get excited . gary with a dead son , the sympathy factor could give we big spike in the female and gay demo . BRETT we have have such a problem with Bill 's rich guy image , we could spin the issue to make he more ' everymen , ' you know , ' crime touch everyone , ' like that . tom what about a voter backlash , like how could he run on the heel of a tragedy ? gary no -- we push the ' courage under adversity ' angle . BRETT help with he leadership profile . jen Bill gluckman , crusader / martyr ... BRETT I have get the image -- Bill weep over Brad 's open casket . gary then , after grieve appropriately , he go on the offensive ... ( continued ) 77 . 69 continued : ( 2 ) 69 BRETT Bill gluckman 's war on crime ... gary ... drug . jen ... gang . BRETT War 's hot now . gary War 's great . jen it 's just what we have need . BRETT it 's like a green light to Sacramento . tom next stop , the White House . the phone ring and Tom pick up . intercut with : 70 ext . industrial STREET - same time 70 tec be on the phone . tec what up ? tom no deal . tec say what ? tom Bill gluckman do not make deal with criminal . tec that 's it , then , fool . I be not playin' . his ass be do . ( continued ) 78 . 70 continued : 70 tom you do what you have to do , and we will do what we have to do . he hang up and smile . a70 industrial STREET - same time a70 tec hang up ; as he look over , Brad be pull from the trunk by two I - 9s , he mouth still tape . tec almost feel sorry for he . tec that 's cold . ( to crew ) lose the tape . tec 's homie rip the tape off Brad 's mouth . brad God damn that hurt !!! I get out of this I 'ma hafta teach y'all some manners ! tec you daddy be not payin ' . brad yeah , yeah , tell I something ' I do not know ! tec what ? brad you hear I , you half -steppin ' moist - ass bitch ! tec cock he nine and aim at Brad . brad ( fearless ) oh what , you gonna do I like this ? a'ight , then bring it . tec it 's bring . brad man up ! put this wannabe out of he misery . ( continued ) 79 . a70 continued : a70 tec be stunne -- the white boy be not show any fear . Brad step forward , put the gun to he own heart , and place he thumb on the trigger . brad that gat 's real , right ? then do it or I will do it myself tec ( unnerve ) brotha straight - up crazy , and I can not deal with that shit . suddenly gunfire erupt as tech 's car be hit with a barrage of bullet . Brad , the crew , Sean and pj drop to the street and roll under the car . tec have to dive behind a nearby dumpster . across STREET snuffy and three rollin ' G 's be crouch behind they low rider , firing away . under car the I - 9s return FIRE . pj and Sean be in the fetal position , freaking out . Brad , think it 's all fake , be laugh , have a great time . tec Lay down some cover , fool ! tec 's pin down behind the dumpster . he 's without a weapon , and rollin ' G 's be focus they FIRE on he . 8- ball we be tryin ' , man , but they be too strapped . deuce what the hell we gonna do ? brad punk . gimme dem gat . Brad grab the uzis and roll out from under the car . ( continued ) 80 . a70 continued : ( 2 ) a70 brad y'all wanna play ? let 's play ! you know who you be dealin ' with ??? he jump up on the hood of tec 's car and open FIRE with both uzis , lay down a wither rain of lead . brad I be b- rad G , from the ' BU , y'all ... ( out denzel denzel ) King Kong be not get nothin ' on I ! aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa ! ( stop firing ) damn . this special effect be the bomb ! ( resume firing ) aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa !!! the rollin ' G 's try to respond , but Brad 's fire be too intense . snuffy Devil 's get some ball . loc for real ! let 's dip ! they all hop in they convertible and tear - ass out of there as Brad jump off the car and follow on foot , firing after they as they turn the corner and squeal away . brad it 's safe now , y'all . tec emerge from behind the dumpster . the crew roll out from under the car , follow by Sean and pj . they look at Brad in awe . they be impressed . tec that be ill ! y'all definitely get juice . he offer he fist to Brad . they pound . tec where would you learn that shit ? brad damn. jus ' MTV . 81 . 71 omitted 71 &amp ; &amp ; 72 72 CUT to : 73 int . channel 5 news room - night 73 hal fishman read the night 's news . hal fishman good evening . a Channel five exclusive . a security camera capture incredible footage of gang violence tonight , as it flare on the street of South Central . CUT to : 74 omitted 74 75 ext . STREET corner - night ( grainy security camera 75 footage ) of Brad , on top of tec 's car , firing the uzis . hal fishman ( v.o. ) this hardcore gangster , believe to be the notorious ' White Kong , ' leader of I - 9 street gang , fire he weapon with wanton disregard for human life or personal property . closeup - brad' craze face in slow motion as he fire . hal fishman ( v.o . ) if you have any information on the whereabouts of this man , call we hot line at 1-555 - gang . CUT to : 76 int . gluckman mansion - bill and bess' bedroom - night 76 they sit in bed , stunne . bill oh ... CUT to : 82. 77 int . shondra's house - live room - same time 77 she 's on the couch , block a wig , stunne . shondra ... my ... 78 int . mali - brew - moving - same time 78 mocha , hadji , and monster , hold half - drunken latte , be all stare at a tv mount in the corner . mocha ... gaaaaa ... a78 int . gluckman campaign headquarters war room - same a78 time Tom stare at the tv . tom ... aaaaa ... and then , in quick shot , we intercut between : bill ... oooooo ... bess ... aaaaaa ... mocha ... aaaaaa ... hadji ... aaaaaa ... monster ... aaaaaa ... tom ... aaaaaa ... shondra ... aaaaaa ... bess ... aaaaaa ... bill ... oooooo ... ( continued ) 83. a78 continued : a78 tom ... aaaaaa ... mocha ... aaaaaa ... hadji ... aaaaaa ... tom ... aaaaaa ... gary ... oooooo ... jen ... oooooo ... BRETT ... oooooo ... barista ... aaaaaa ... shondra ... aaaaaad ! CUT to : 79 int . mali - brew - night 79 mocha dat be some hardcore shiznit , y'all ! monster if that 's what you get to do to get on Big Boy 's label , count I out . mocha he be not with Big Boy , fool ! b- rad 's hangin ' with some serious banger ! hadji what we gonna do , moch ? mocha bounce to we respective crib , jack we mom ' and pop ' biggest gat , jet down to South Central and save he ass . ( continued ) 84 . 79 continued : 79 hadji and mocha Word . monster but ... what if they do not have coffee ? hadji krista -- six tsunamis to go ! CUT to : 80 int . gluckman campaign hq - war room - night 80 Bill storm in . Tom quickly switch off the tv . the staffer move aside as Bill confront Tom . bill Bradley 's be involved in a gang shoot . tom be you positive ? bill his face be on the news , Tom ! I think I know my own son ! tom I be sure there 's a logical explanation . why do not you get some sleep -- bill sleep ? he 's shoot the hell out of South Central . we have get to get he ! tom what about the debate tomorrow in Sacramento -- bill forget the debate ! tom if you cancel , you can kiss this campaign good - bye . ( continued ) 85 . 80 continued : 80 bill you can shove the campaign up you ass , Tom ! I will not lose my son over this election ! tom I understand you be upset , Bill , but Jesus , for once in you life think outside the box ! we can make Brad 's whole gang thing a positive ... bill ( incredulous ) a positive ! tom if he 's arrest or , God forbid injure , we spin it so you be the victim , you know , 'crime reach everyone , ' something like that ... bill you be try to get vote out of this ? tom I be try to win , Bill , and you do not seem to care ! bill I be he father . tom ( laugh ) when do that happen ? bill I guess right now . Bill grab Tom by the shirt and slam he into the wall . bill you be fire . as Bill take off : tom all right , guy , let 's pitch on how I get my job back . they just stare at he . ( continued ) 86 . 80 continued : ( 2 ) 80 tom guy ? BRETT just so you know , I never like the way you run thing around here . ( walk out ) Bill ? Mr. gluckman ? the other staffer follow brett out , leave Tom alone . CUT to : 81 int . bill gluckman' hummer - moving - night 81 Bill haul - ass down the 405 , he headset on . human operator ( v.o. ) this be lojack . bill I need a location on license number ... ( reluctant ) ' d- shiznit . ' human operator ( v.o. ) that vehicle be at the corner of mckinley and 82nd . insert - on dash navigation system screen suddenly a map of South Central appear , with a red blink dot at the corner of mckinley and 82nd . back to scene computer voice ( v.o. ) you destination be a lojack designate danger zone . lojack do not recommend you venture into this area . rap blast in as Bill punch the gas , as we : CUT to : 87 . a81 int . tec' house - live room - night a81 a party be happen : homies slam domino ... Home girlz drink beer and talk ... Sean and pj be stand freeze in a corner , quietly cry ... hip -hop gangster dance ... and finally we find tec and the other I - 9' gather around Brad , as tec solemnly hand Brad a tec 9 automatic pistol . tec that 's yours , B. brad for real ? you should not have . tec welcome to the 9' . only way out now , be in a box . brad in a box ... right . Brad laugh . they all join in , laugh hard as we -- CUT to : 82 ext . hadji be house - night 82 mocha , hadji and monster stand by hadji 's dad 's mercede . mocha a'ight , monster , what kind of toast you strappin ' ? monster ( proud ) this . monster pull a scuba diver ' spear gun from the bag . hadji what the hell be it ? monster my pop 's spear gat . from the yacht . mocha laugh and start do whale sound . monster a'ight free willy , think you so bad , what you get ? ( continued ) 88. 82 continued : 82 mocha ( embarrassed ) never mind . he put a old musty case in the car and start to close the door . hadji stop he . hadji come on , let 's see it . mocha a'ight , a'ight , chill . he open the case , revealing a antique blunderbuss musket , with a flintlock hammer and a bell muzzle . hadji be that a freakin ' musket ? mocha what ? my pop be a collector . ( off they look ) come on , man , pirate use that shit . monster grab the musket and point it at mocha . monster ( imitate a pirate ) aargh , matey , give up yer treasure or I will bust I harpoon in yer booty . monster and hadji start laugh . mocha shut up ! damn poser ! he snatch the musket from monster and carefully place it back in the case . monster hadji , how ' bout you ? hadji could not get much , yo ... hadji open a duffel and pull out three kevlar vest . hadji when I tell my pop we be go on a drive - by , he give I three of this . ( continued ) 89 . 82 continued : ( 2 ) 82 monster good think , but what heat you get ? he open a plastic case , revealing a stinger rocket launcher and four missile . hadji ... dis . mocha and monster be blow away . monster dang ! where would you get all that ? hadji ( nonchalant ) Christmas present from uncle ahmet . CUT to : 83 int . hadji be dad' mercede - moment later 83 mocha , hadji , and monster snap on they seat belt . hadji flip on the in - dash sos mercede gps system . female operator ( v.o. ) yes , Mr. amiraslani , can I help you ? hadji Hell yes , chicken . I need a location on license number D - shiznit . CUT to : 84 omitted 84 &amp ; &amp ; 85 85 86 int . tec' house - night 86 the party be now in full effect , the system up and cranke as the camera find Brad 's in the middle of the dance floor , freaking and do the robot with a couple of sister . the girl whisper in he ear , he smile , and they head for a bedroom . ( continued ) 90 . 86 continued : 86 just as they exit , shondra enter from the kitchen , and find Sean and pj , still tie up and terrify . shondra where 's Brad ? sean ( near tear ) I have not see anything . she move on . pj lift up he bound wrist . pj shondra ! Little help , please . but she 's go . 87 int . tec' house - bedroom - moment later 87 Brad 's on the bed with the two woman , who be kissing he . brad yeah , I just get test positive ... for g.a.m.e. sister # 1 ( mock surprise ) cool playa . sister # 2 let 's get busy . they laugh when suddenly shondra come through the door . shondra that 's the same damn line he use on I , and now this no good deadbeat weak - ass white boy will not take care of little malik . brad what ?! shondra ( sniffles ) you know he 's yours ... sister # 1 this gettin ' heavy . ( continued ) 91 . 87 continued : 87 sister # 2 let 's jet . the girl leave . brad damn , why you throwin ' salt on my g.a.m.e .? shondra I be savin ' you lily - white ass . come on . brad I be not goin ' nowhere . I be a I - 9 neow , straight - up . peep my tat . Brad lift he shirt and show she the tattoo on he stomach : i-9 thug . shondra ( urgent ) listen , fool . brad shut up , shondra ! I know y'all set I up , I know it 's all fake , de kidnap , de stickup , de whole nizzy . shondra oh , damn ... brad why would you play I , huh ? shondra for the money . brad what you need money money ?! tch. for ? shondra look , fool , this may sound stupid to you , but not everybody have money , and to people that do not , money be important ! brad please . you prob 'ly still flippin ' I anyway , so -- ( continued ) 92 . 87 continued : ( 2 ) 87 shondra dammit , Brad , this be real . tec and he crew be real -- brad oh really ? well if tec be real then this gat must be real ... Brad pull he nine . brad and if this gat be real then the in it have get to be real . cap and seein ' how my foot be real , this would really hurt ... then Brad aim at he foot and pull the trigger and blam ! he put a bullet through the toe of he sneak . brad see that . I just shot myself in the foot and ... ( feel pain ) it 's reaaaaalll ! it 's totally reaaaaalll !!! Brad start hopping around the room . brad I just shot my foot !! I just shot my foot !!! shondra stop hoppin ' around , fool , so I can look at it . ( continued ) 93. 87 continued : ( 3 ) 87 shondra get down on she knee to get a closer look . brad oh gaawww ! shondra lucky you be such a weak shot . cap just graze you toe . brad but , it 's real , shondra , it 's all reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeal ! tec enter , gun in hand . tec who 's the hell 's poppin ' can -- tec' Pov shondra , on she knee , kneel before Brad . another angle tec ( menace ) what up , cuz ? shondra stand quickly , scared . brad ( terrify , cover ) ha ha , tec , my road dawg , yeah , just the man I wanta see . tec ( to shondra ) what 's goin ' on , shondra ? shondra ( nervous ) it 's not what it look like , tec , I swear . tec do not you lie to I . that be always my line to you , and it always be what it look like . now what 's up with you boyfriend here . ( continued ) 94 . 87 continued : ( 4 ) 87 brad yo , dawg , love to kick it wit ' you and run the whole thizang , but I get some bidness back in the ' Bu , li'l something ' something ' with Big Boy and whatnot , so if y'all do not mind -- tec I do mind . tec grab Brad and drag he out . shondra no , tec , stop ! 88 int . tec' live room - same time 88 tec haul Brad in , follow by shondra . the I - 9s draw weapon ; the room fill with tension . Sean and pj look on , get catch up in the action . brad wait , tec , lemme explain , ' cause I do not belong here ... tec you do forget already , fool ? I tell you the only one way out of the I - 9s , and you ' E ' ticket 's in this here chamber . tec cock he gun . ( continued ) 95 . 88 continued : 88 angle on sean and pj watch tec , rivete . sean see how commit he be ? that 's the rage I be talk about . pj ( in awe ) Word . back to scene tec aim at Brad . brad please , do not be hatin' . shondra step in front of Brad . shondra I will not let you do it , tec. tec no problem , then . I will just do the both of you . tec level the barrel at shondra and Brad . he start to squeeze the trigger when suddenly Bill 's hummer crash through the wall . I - 9' scatter and duck as the hummer 's front grill skid to a stop inch from tec . the driver 's door pop open and Bill jump out . tec damn fool ! you just hit my house ! bill ( ignore he ) Brad ! be you okay ? brad not really . and unless you seriously strapped , you about to be not really okay too . Bill turn : six I - 9s be aim gun at he and Brad . bill hey there , fella . Bill gluckman ... I be run for governor . ( continued ) 96 . 88 continued : ( 2 ) 88 tec we know who you be , fool . deuce you the candidate that 's down with bitch and ho 's . tec tss . dude think we ignorant just ' cause we live down here . you better recognize . bill I absolutely recognize that street violence be tear Californians apart ... you see , guy , California be my family , and hey , here 's a think . instead of think of ourselves as what set we be from , or what crew we be roll with , why can not we just be brother ? what do you say ? tec ( thoughtful ) hmmm . I guess I never look at it like that before . what do you say , ' brother ' ? the I - 9' smile , cock they weapon , aim they , and just as they be about to start blast , the side wall explode and hadji 's dad 's mercede crash through . tec do not anybody know where the driveway 's at ?! damn ! gangster fall back as hadji , mocha , and monster jump out wear the kevlar vest and wield they weapon . hadji ( freaking out ) better step , y'all , or I 'ma have to waste all y'all up in this piece ! monster yeah ! Drop yo gat ! the I - 9s , unafraid , point they gun right back at hadji , monster and mocha . it 's a multi-player mexican standoff . ( continued ) 97 . 88 continued : ( 3 ) 88 deuce and 8 - ball Drop you gat ! nobody do . Brad step out . brad hold dup , y'all . before anybody ice anybody I get to say something . no one stop he , so Brad turn to he dad . brad you really be not gonna pay my ransom ? bill I do not know anything about that . you have get to believe I , that be not part of the plan . brad what be the plan ? send I down here to scare I white ? bill it be stupid , I know . I think I would try everything ... I just do not know how to deal with you anymore . brad you have never know how to deal with I ' cause you do not know I , and you never care to find out . and now that you election 's on the line , that 's when you take a stand ? that 's bullshit , pop . look at I , ' cause this be who I be , and if you can not accept that , then I will walk out that door , never see you sorry - ass again . shondra , tec , all the I - 9' and Brad 's posse slowly turn from Brad to Bill , completely catch in the moment , wait for he response . bill I be not proud of myself , Brad . I make a lot of mistake , and I know I be not there for you , and I can not change that , but I always love you and still do ... ( more ) ( continued ) 98 . 88 continued : ( 4 ) 88 bill ( cont 'd ) ... and if you say this be really who you be , then I believe you and accept you , and from here on in , I promise to be a real father to you . brad talk be cheap , pop . prove it . bill I be here , be not I ? Brad look at he . Bill look back . everyone look on , rivete . brad a'ight , pop , we cool . bill much love . they pound . angle on gangster get emotional . a couple sniffle , a few wipe they eye . 8 - ball ( sincere ) wish I could talk to my pop like that . deuce ( emotional ) no doubt . he 's raise he kid . 8- ball ( dial he cell , wiping tear ) I 'ma call my pop right now . tec would y'all get a hold of you fool selve ?! it 's time to waste this punk ! the I - 9s straighten up and re-aim they gun . ( continued ) 99 . 88 continued : ( 5 ) 88 brad ( with confidence ) tec , before we all go out in a blaze of glory , can I say one last thing ? tec ( sigh ) whatchya get to say ? brad moch , kick it freestyle . mocha rest the musket in the crook of he arm , and do he human beat box thing as Brad begin to rap . brad ' what 's up with all this fightin' ? we all should be unitin ' ! y'all ego need deflatin ' , gangstas , please , quit all this hatin' . ' tec stop , please ! if I hear you drop one more rhyme , I 'ma hafta smoke myself . brad a'ight , cool , but all this gat get to go ! as Brad grab the missile launcher from hadji ... mocha ( move , earnest ) Word up , B. all this hatin ' be wack ! mocha slam the butt of the musket down , and the flintlock slam forward . everyone cringe . nothing happen . everyone look at the musket , then suddenly it explode and a rusty musket ball fire out , slamm monster in the middle of she kevlar breastplate . she fly back and slam into the wall , cause she spear gun to fire -- a spear shoot out and land directly into Brad 's leave ass cheek . Brad howl and drop the missile launcher ... slow motion : everyone watch it fall to the ground ... real time : it hit the floor and the missile fire . ( continued ) 100 . 88 continued : ( 6 ) 88 Brad ... tec ... Bill ... and shondra all watch in horror as the missile fly past gang member , through the kitchen door , and slam into the side of the gas oven . we hear a countdown beep beep beep ... tec ruuuuuuunnnnn ! everyone run for the nearest hole in the wall . 89 ext . tec' house - night 89 body stream out of the house scramble for safety when suddenly ... the house blows in a huge orange fireball ... dissolve to : 90 ext . tec' house - night 90 we crane past emergency vehicle park in front of smolder remain of tec 's house , then move to tec , who be yell at a cop . tec I know my rights , man , and this fool drive two damn car into my house , then they blow the shit up ! this all better be rebuilt before my mar come back , or she will make you wish you be never bear . close on a female tv reporter speak to camera . reporter I have two witness who be at the scene of the explosion ... she turn and the camera widen to include Sean and pj ; they clothes be singe and still smoking . reporter can you tell we what happen ? ( continued ) 100a . 90 continued : ( A1 ) 90 pj it be hard core , yo . all this crazy buster be strapped to the nine , and I be like , keepin ' the peace , tell the brother to talk it out , find they common bond ... Sean step in front of pj , speak directly into camera . sean ( go for the oscar ) see , the explosion be just a metaphor for the anger we oppress young man of color have bury deep inside we heart ... heart turn dark -- reporter ( confuse ) okay , thank you , bloodbath and tree. ( turn to camera ) and all of this mayhem be rumor to have be cause by the mysterious White Kong , who remain at large . this be soon yi baxter - hernandez , report from South Central . pj ( speak normally ) when 's this gonna air ? sean can I get a copy of this ? I need it for my reel . she glare and they move off ... we find Brad and shondra by a ambulance , talk as a paramedic bandage Brad 's ass . brad aaah !!! ( continued ) 101 . 90 continued : 90 shondra you alright ? brad I be cool ... still a little confuse maybe . I be still not exactly sure what be for real and what be not . shondra well , as far as be real , I can only vouch for two thing . she kiss he full on the lip . brad I can deal with a little more of that reality . they kiss again , then Brad break it . brad wait a minute . you say two thing be real . what be the other ? shondra smile as we ... slam to : 91 closeup on big boy 91 big boy what up , shondra ? widen to : int . big boy' mansion - live room - day it 's a incredibly foofy baroque nightmare . brad damn , you know Big Boy the whole time ? shondra I tell you we go way back . big boy so shondra tell I you drop rhyme . ( continued ) 102 . 91 continued : 91 brad peep dis . he hand over a mali-bootay CD . brad once you hear my demo , you be gonna want to give I eminem play , dawg ! big boy ( take the CD ) I can not wait , y'all . peace . Big Boy pound Brad and they exit . Big Boy hand the CD to a british butler , who put it in the system . Big Boy put on the headphone and the butler hit play . Big Boy listen for a minute , then smile . big boy I know exactly what to do with this . CUT to : a91 omitted a91 &amp ; &amp ; 92 92 a92 ext . big boy' back patio - day a92 Big Boy stand there in he bathrobe . big boy pull ! Brad 's CD fly into the sky like a skeet clay pigeon . Big Boy raise a glock and blows it to kingdom come . CUT to : 93 int . amphitheatre - in wing - day 93 Brad and shondra stand off to the side of a huge rally . brad damn . twenty thousand people , all here to support my pop . he must have charisma . ( continued ) 103 . 93 continued : 93 shondra like father like son . brad shondra , girl . I just have to thank you . shondra for what ? brad you the only one who accept I for who I really be . ( beat ) you also car jack I , kidnap I and try to turn I white , but I be gonna let that go . they kiss , tongue and all as Bill walk up . bill hey , kid ... sorry to interrupt . brad ( turn ) what up ? bill well , I be about to go on and , Brad ... I want you to be part of this . brad you mean , be onstage with you ? bill I need you to help I get the urban vote . introduce I . brad dang , I would be honore . bill and , son , do not say it ... ( beat ) Rap it . brad ( blow away ) for real , pop ? ( continued ) 103a . 93 continued : ( 1a ) 93 bill for real , son , for rizzeal . shondra look on proudly as music -- heavy on emotional string , swell , drive the movie audience to feel as good as they have ever feel in a movie . Brad take the stage . brad hey , y'all ! I be here to introduce you to my father , Bill gluckman ! the big gluck !! a rap beat kick in as Brad go all out . brad we all gather here on this special occasion . to listen to my pop , he 's you west coast liaison . a speech from he , dude , be like sex with a hoochi . it 's hot and excitin' , like shoppin ' at gucci ! asian , Jews , mexican , too . everybody 's votin' , yo , it 's a cultural stew . once he 's in office you will experience great rich . as a thank you for helpin' , you can get wit my bitch ! let 's get gluck ! y'all get gluck ! we get gluck ! come on everybody put you hand up ! Bill move onstage and attempt to dance hip hop style . brad Immigration , education , and runaway inflation . it get I so stress I need to start masturbatin' . California be not flowin ' like some ol ' constipation . vote for dad or I will bash you frickin ' face in ! come on everybody put you hand up ! ( more ) ( continued ) 103b . 93 continued : ( 1b ) 93 brad ( cont 'd ) and if my dad win this election , he will grow on y'all like a bad vd infection !! yeeah ! we all need a gluckin ' ! let 's all get gluck ! go gluck yourself !! Brad raise Bill 's hand up in victory and we freeze . ( continued ) 104 . 93 continued : ( 2 ) 93 superimpose : Brad do deliver the urban vote ... to Bill 's opponent . Bill gluckman lose the election by a landslide . CUT to : 94 closeup on freeze -frame two - shot - sean and pj 94 superimpose : Sean and pj land job more suitable to they talent ... we widen to reveal Sean and pj in uniform and work at : int . wienie in a bun - day we unfreeze . Sean and pj wait on a ten -year -old girl . sean welcome to wienie in a bun . pj how about a double Dog ? Tom lean in , with a " manager " nametag , whisper angrily : tom push the mega meal , or you punk be so fire . flash to : 95 int . mali - brew - freeze on mocha , hadji and monster - 95 day sit at they usual table , in mid-argument . superimpose : mocha , hadji and monster continue to do nothing whatsoever , except for order coffee and argue ... flash to : 96 ext . mansion - close - freeze on tec - day 96 superimpose : tec sue Bill gluckman , and be award 100 thousand dollar for damage to he house , and another thirty million for emotional distress . tec move ... ( continued ) 105 . 96 continued : 96 unfreeze : to reveal tec leave he driveway in a bentley . tec what up , neighbor ? pan to Bill , in he hummer , leave he driveway . he wave grumpily as we ... flash to : 97 ext . shondra's nail and beauty salon - day 97 superimpose : while wait for he rap career to kick in , Brad invest he trust fund into a business that make sense . we crane down from a sign that read : " grand open , shondra's nail and beauty salon " to reveal a crowd of malibu woman gather around Brad and shondra as shondra cut a ribbon with a huge pair of scissors ; the woman rush inside . brad ( v.o. ) I help shondra open up she salon right here in the ' Bu . a97 int . salon a97 shondra put the finish touch to a woman in a chair . brad ( v.o. ) she style up all the lady in malibu so they be stone - cold ghetto fabulous . shondra spin the chair to reveal : bee gluckman with a crazy ghetto hairstyle . she look like busta rhyme . she check herself in the mirror . bess I love it . ( alternate ) boo-ya ! she smile revealing a gold tooth with a diamond in it . 98 int . news studio - night 98 superimpose : four month later ... ( continued ) 106 . 98 continued : 98 L.A. 's own , hal Fishman report . hal fishman it 's official . Bill gluckman be California 's next governor . we have a live report from the celebration at gluckman headquarters ... push in to the news monitor over hal Fishman 's shoulder , to ... 99 int . gluckman celebration - night 99 cheer , as Bill take the mic ( as he speak , we slowly pull back , gradually revealing the people next to he on stage ) . bill this be a monumental day for we glorious state and there be several people I need to thank here tonight ... ( beat ) there 's the International Brotherhood of Police officer ... applause , as police officer salute Bill . bill the Southern California rotary Club ... a table full of well - dress professionals wave politely . bill and we friend at the Environmental Defense Fund ... a group of granola- type environmentalists smile . Brad clear he throat , cause Bill to look at he . Brad give Bill a " reminder " nod ... bill oh , and of course ... pull back to reveal : we be actually in the proud bird ... bill ( matter of factly ) ... all the bitches and Ho 's ... ( continued ) 107 . 99 continued : 99 a pod of skanky women snap they finger in Bill 's direction . bill the pimp ... the hoodrat ... the lavishly - dress pimp raise they cane to Bill . bill the Association of Korean grocer . a asian family give Bill the " thumb -up . " bill the playas . the baller . the shot caller . and a special shout out to the I - 9' . angle on tec and he gang . they wear dark suit and do rag . bill and ... the woman 's Organization of California . a table full of prim elderly lady golf - clap and smile . bill and most of all , I would like to thank my campaign advisor on urban affair , and my son , b-rad G. applause as Brad grab the mic at the podium . brad West Coast reprezzizzin ' ! Bill and Brad hug . hip hop music kick in and the entire ballroom turn into one huge dance party . Bill raise the roof as he meander into the celebrate crowd . people of all different race and background dance together , all have a blast ... hadji grind on a elderly constituent 's ass ... she 's into it . hadji I be totally taxing you ass . ( continued ) 108 . 99 continued : ( 2 ) 99 bess compare she diamond ring to tec 's bling - bling . bess you get that from Tiffany ? tec I think that be the bitches ' name , yeah ... they continue to marvel at each other 's decorative accessory ... angle on elsewhere in the party we see Sean and pj be caterer , wear " wiener on a bun " outfit / hat and circulate among the guest . they approach a well - to - do partygoer . pj would you care for a wiener ? courtesy of wiener on a bun. sean or perhaps I can interest you in a head shot ? I be train in jazz dance , tap , and I can do a Southern accent . Tom enter wear a " wiener on a bun " manager 's outfit . tom idiot . what do I tell you about bother the guest ? now move it , that wiener be not serve themselves . he push they out of there . brad ( o.s. ) yo , yo , yo ... everyone turn to see Brad still at the podium . confusion ... brad last time I be here , y'all throw my ass out . but now that I have yo attention , I got something ' I gotta say ... and I have to do it the only way I know how ... kick it , moch . ( continued ) 109 . 99 continued : ( 3 ) 99 teeth rattling bass thunder , as Brad pull the mic out of the stand and begin prowling around the stage . ( note : Rap can be shorten . ) slow motion : panic , as everyone realize Brad be about to rap ... brad I write this one just for you , dad. ( start to rap ) yeah , yeah . oh yeah . yeah , yeah ... yeah ... ( stop ) I be sorry , I lose my place again . ( remember ) oh , here we go ... Election , erection , I get a infection . my pop , he win , defy all the pre-dection ... Sean and pj ( waiter ) drop they serve trays ; tec and the I - 9' dive for Brad at the podium ; shondra scream , " noooooo " ... Brad be grab and throw off the stage by the I - 9' and be project out over the audience , where we ... freeze on : Brad 's terrify face . brad ( v.o. ) ( cocky as ever ) what can I say , be not nothing but a thang ... unfreeze and Brad fall to the ground . 100 ext . cop car 100 hal fishman ( v.o. ) after month of search the southland for notorious criminal White Kong , the lapd have finally make a arrest . the suspect , a black man , be catch earlier today ... footage of a black man be put in a squad car . ( continued ) 110 . 100 continued : 100 tom gibbon ' White Kong ' ? damn ! I be not even white . cop that 's what they all say . ( alternate : ) shut up , White Kong . fade to black . the end