mallrat by Kevin Smith third draft Nov. 29 , 1995 unstable molecule . Inc. fade ext . monmouth college ( a balcony ) - night through giass door , we see the Governor 's Ball ( banner delineate it as such ) and a few weil - 4 attire people . exiting say glass door be the . si old governor of New Jersey herself , accompany by svenning ( local programmer of k - rel ) . the Governor be by two secret service type -- they eye darting about the surround area . cae governor so I tell he , " Henry , I have to attend ; it 's my ball . '' and he say , " but the Lodge oniy throw they bail once & decade ! '' hy can nox you ever i ball and I say , '' Jesus enry ! i have be do that ty year ! " the Governor laugh and downs she drink . sven of secret service type a nervous giance . secret 1 Governor dalton , this be Jared sven , the gentleman you be present the honorarium to . svenning Governor dalton , it 's a pleasure to meer you , and .. governor yeah , yeah , yeah -- you can dispense with the ass~ - munch now .. you be get you check . she swig ner drink . svenning um ... thank you . it 's. uh. the grant , will go a long way toward funding the new programming I '' work on for k - rel . governor that 's the Public access station , rignt ? the one they run the lottery number on ? no ' S giare say it ail rooztop of @ nearby pbuild . ext . rooftop sven G mell .. we air more number , mar '‘ém . Saturday , we be show from a ioc governor hey , sven , how Long 's this thing conne take tonignt ? <= get meizxose at nine ! svenneing well , there 's the dinner , follow by the presentation . oh , and then we adjourn to the auditorium for a stage presentation by che Drama and History club . they be put together a impressive musical about Paul revere entitle Light you own lamp . governor be there 4 dance number ? better than a couple of skimpily - clad undergrad hurl themselves across the stage -- that 's what = always say . ( to secret +) get I another high bail , will ya ? and quit eyeballin ' everyone -~- you be creep they out ! secret 1 right away , Governor . governor this security type -- they be all glory hound , 2 say . all of they look to tackle the next sirhan , sirhan . I teil ya ' , sven , they be treat this thing tonight e it 's die harg on a college campus or something ! could you imagine someone want to attack I , Zor Christ 's sake ? a we crane up from the crowd to the ~ night stop and hold on a beauriZul girl , peex into a telescope and jotting down result . she adjust the pm and peer anew . the tip of a rifle creep into frame , aim at the girl 's she do not notice it . voice freeze ! fump back , startle , and look up . volutionary yar hand . the g t.s. you isoke at naked guy in the show again ? brandi ( brush herself off ) do not : anyone ever tell you not to Point gun at people ? t.s. once . and I shot he . brandi Nice knicker . t.s. I look Zor you at you room , and ronr id I you be up here . brandi it 's the only time that jerk prescozz would let I use the telescope before the exam next week . t.s. what cdo you need he for ? you have get you own . brandi I have the lense , t.s. only prescocz have she proper shaft . t.s. you be touch another man 's shaft when I be apout to go on stage ? brandi oshake ner head and look through scope ) " we be all in the gutter , but some we be look at the star . " oscar wilde . th of t.s. you should probably go get a seat now . the auditorium 's go to fill ua '' in about ten minute . brandi I be go to watch it from here . t.s. with that thing ? you will never see mne cand new power do you know = could see ic 'ts form sy a hundred yard away t~.s. yeah , but you will not the asle ts hear I sing . brandi bingo . t.s. oh , you be cruel , ( turn to leave ! I hope you be pack already . we have to wake up eariy if have be the plane . brandi um. I ... sort cf can n ' t.s. ( freezing ) Excuse I ? brandi my father ask I he new show . he out with t.s. he want you to host it ?! brandi he want I to be a contestant . Zothing ? Jesus , so he forbid you say no -~ that guy know ho sh you to go to Florida be that it ? brandi well ... I do not exactly t.s. yeah , right . t.s. you do not teli he no ?! t's just for t.y¥. not for my fath not would n ' ss. brand : , guy hate I , for Christ 's sake ! you do not think that might be part of he motive ? he would love to see we break ! he would at least like to see we not take this vacation together ! and here you be give he the golden opportunity without a moment 's hesitation ! think , for Christ 's sake ! Jesus , for a Science major you can be so fuck stupid sometimes . stare at he , shocked and hurr . t1t.s. shake sis head . srandi iwas give you the benefit of the doubt , 7.8 . I think you might be able to handle this , so I could appeese my father , and you could prove he wrong about how serious you be about we . but = guess I credit you wit : too much . I guess you be just as possessive and thoughtless as he be . you both see I as property ! in fact , the two of rou have so much in common , you should date each other ! she curnm to storm away . he chase after she . he gran throw leave I be catch in she hair , tug at ic . m you hair . well ger I be try ! srandi ow ! =f hurt ! te you sta vuggie with they cre . monmouth college ( salcony ) - niget toin sven and the gove lf draw they gun , reacting p.a . we be ready in five , hand kind of in the air . svenning Governor , the presenta start in apout five n taping this for sroadc might want < 9 fresnen t service man look around . the 0.8. commetian from ches he attention . he lower he shade and peer eat the 0.s. spectacle . governor ( 0.8 . ) what the hell be that suppose =o mean ? what ? TI look like shit or something ? mt . rooftop ~- night t.s. and brandi struggle with the in she hair . t.s. it 's tangied around the trigger ... if you would stop move ..! brandi get it off ! ft hurt !! t.s. maybe we can jar it loose . here -- lean on the ledge . branci lean over the ledge of the building . 7.8. proceed to bang the rifle against the ledge , jerk brandi 's head with it eacn time . ext . monmoute college ( balcony ) - night the secret service man reach for nis gun . secret 1 sniper ! !! ext . monmouth college ( balcony ) - night the secret service man ciothesline the Governor over a4 table , she scream and sven get knock over by some cop . they tip the table over for a shield and unload in t.s. 's general direction . ext . rooftop - night t.s. and brandi see the bullet head they way . together mm d they guck in unison 4s the ledge be spray with bullet . ext . monmouth college ( common ) - night from behind the table , =the cop and secret serviceman reload . sven nurse he elbow . cop i how many of they aze there ? secret 1 I spy two -~ a male and a female . what secret 1 perp 's brandish a shotgun . svenning Governor hit ? governor { ( 0.s. ) of course I be hit , you asshole ! he I like some goddam wrestler ! secret 2 there 's no blood ; she be not tag . governor { ( 0.s. ) Jesus ! would you get you foot off xv cite ! svenning ( move ) sorry , mar ‘am . fooftop - night white sock tie to a dutt creep over follow by the slowly rise pair of t.s. and bra t.s. ( yell down ) it 's okay ! we be not armed ! ( hold up rifle } this be just a prop ! in the musical ! that be just a blank ! ir be not serious ! ext . monmouth colle { common ) - night the con and secret serviceman above 0.5. pair . have oneiz weapon < rsain on the secret 2 what would he say ? secret 2 I think he say they be assyrian . cop 1 sweet Christ ! terrorist on we campus ! cop 2 why 's he dress like a revoiutionary War Minute man ? secret + you rst , for irony a showman erage terrorist be < iller second . svenning : it 's the parent I blame . they be noc raise kid properly this day . brandi ( 0.s. ) be Jared sven down there ?! ing freeze . the other look at he , puzzle . secret 2 that 's you , be not it ? svenning well , yes ... but how would terrorist know I ? . brandi ! serviceman siowly turn college ( common ) - night ulance atten , ant wheel a stretcher past sver . cning . he sem and crouch down to speak with the gover : 2or. svenning Governor daiton , = just want to apologize for this fiasco . my daugnter 's a huge fan of you .. qw vr of vernor pull a envelope from under she blanket governor you check , sven . svenning oreach for it ) ma'am , = do not know what to say duc thank you . i. ceed to tear it up in front of he face . sven 's lon turn green . governor you want money for you pissant station , try play the lottery . you know where they air the result . ohitce orderly ) get I to the goddam hospital -- now ! iothink they fracture my collar bone . in horror as the Governor be whee aay . t.s. mister sven , = just want to apologize and thank you for squaring everything away with the police . 7 know we probably worried you , but brandi and I be both okay ... svenning ( turn on he ) t£ ic would not mean implicate my daughter this somehow , I would insist the authority lock you up for the rest of you young life , you goddam menace ! tas . Sir , it be a accident , I swear ! she t.s. approach , monmouth méi be waik priskly , wearin eadingiy . svenn tus moron ! you have cost I ! but you be right : you pay for v you have do ! you will nm spade ! nobody fuck wi Jared sven 's career and walk away clean ! { I promise you that ! ag storm away , leave 7.s. stand there . a student ter up to he . student hey man , I just want to teil you that I dig what vou cid up there . anarchy rule , dude . look at he , college ( common ) - night a angry face . t.s. follow brandi we be over , t.s .! t.s. come on ! I think we weren' go through this dreak - up , make - up shit anymore ! brandi we be not , so you can Zorget abour the make up ! t.s. listen to you ! ' why gon '* you admit it ? brandi admit what ? t.s. this be not just about what happen on the roof . you be use that as a excuse because you do not have the gut to stand up to you father ! brandi maybe you be right . see this tactic be not work , so he soften he t.s , come on , brandi . what about Florida ? isp a you humiliate I , in front of the i @ community -- the nation , Tor God 's saxe ~~ you seriously damage my fathe 's career , you insult I with this smal ime good cop / bad cop routine of ours , and now you have zhe gall to ask I if I still want to go on & vacation ?! t.s. ( the coup de grace ) iwas go to propose to you in Florida ! she stare at he , open-mouthed . a tear form in ter srandi you know , 7.5 . , I think you screw ap about every way you possibly couid tonight . ( wiping ner eve ) but I guess I underestimate you ! she walk away , leave he stand there , open-mouthed and alone in the parking lot . her car screech away . int , brodiz' room - day brodie be sit up in bed but he eye be closecé . zene kneel beside he , stare . she wait , then knock on sis head . brodie open he eye and zry to focus . he look az ner and yawn . odie what time be it ? rene nine-thirty . brodie think , stand . he click the the t.v. snap on . the but freeze . brodie grab the game controller and sigh relief . brodie shit , that be close . thank God id not reset . ‘ol c at e rene ii be you do ? what the rene stare at no , no , no . you oromise I breakfast . brodie ( defend controller ) breakiast ? look at that score , for ged 's sake . i'm only in the middle of the second and I be win tweive to two . breakfast come and go -- San Jose only siaugh in a lifetime . 's Detroit maybe once he for a beat , then shake she head and walk brodie ( give ner glimpse} you hit the bathroom aiready ? ex &@ quick rene nsitce on bed and tie shoe ) I do not let you mother see I ; don 's worry . brodie who 's worried ? rene be you kid I ? <'ve never meet another person who life in as much fear of he mother as you do . brodie I do nat . rene sa that 's why I have to sneak in here after everyone 's asleep at night , and sneak out of here undetected in the morning . brodie you want I should tell my mother what we do here ac night ? what < -- that + video game and I fall asleep unfuliiiile ? go ahead . it bear this sneaking around shit rene the coi clothes on the you have never even cs not like you . ne brodie ( pause ) she would not like you , rene you be retarded . everyone 's mother like I . of the ay rame again , presumably to the bathroom . brodie not mine . hey , do you do ( beat ) I have be meaning to ask you : the bathroom ail the rene ( 0.s . ) figure it we . et flush . floor . no , I mean like before . like every - Morning before you leave here . I never rene come back in and sift brodie hear water run , or any particularly female bathroom noise . rene nstop and look up ) femaie bathroom noise ? brodie 7 like my mom . she emit completely differ man . mte bathroom noise than my oid rene ( resume sifting ) you be retarded . brodie what do you do in there ? rene you really want to know ? brodie {still play ) I ask , do not I ? I be play =he role of the concerned guy . ( look up ; ceaz ) you cry . rene I ery . brodie {beat ) any particular vreason ? rene odigge througi urse ) I think about peo decision that 4 we doctor that make advanc ing disease i skyscrape out 4 plane 's fi brodie the navigator . rene ( pull out a envelope ) I think about how that people be out there every day , make a difference ... lead big life .. make they mark . and how they refuse to be intimidate by the tremendous odd of failure they face . and how they only concern themseives with peer and company chat apply to they goal and noble cause . cpén the window across from the bed . brodie ogoe back to play ) Jesus . I would hate to tell you what think about in the bathroom . rene I think about all that and I cry ... ( toss envelope on he chest ) ~ because I have nothing better to do than fuck you . 290k up , shocked , rene climb out the window . brodie spen-mouthed . he open the envelope and read it . you 's again window ) ts this because 2 do not to my mother ? roduce you the score siren sound . srodie iook at the t.v . 1 @ game be over . Detroit be the winner by one . the video player skate in victory . brodie throw down the letter , still stare at the tv. brodie shit. ext . srodie' house t.s. get out of he mother 's station wagon and drec himself to the ir int . brodie' live room - day brodie open t.s. stand there . brodie ( open he arm ) mon frer ! last time I see you , you be on CNN , take shot at public official ! tire screeching to a stop be hear . ext . brodie' house - day for behind t.s. 's car , two news van idle . the door siam open and reporter with vid -camera pile out , racing toward the house , yell out question . voice mister quinc ! mister quint !.. be it true you and you homicidal lover plan to kill yourselves once the Governor be dead ?.. be catcher tn she Rye a favorite book be you really aim ét k - rel station manager Jared sven ? t.s. whip he face back at brodie . t.s. move !!! to 1 g a i.it . brodie' vault cmic ! wall - to-wall . brodie sit cgown a board he stock . 7.s , plop down ina brodie so you be look fsr sanctuary ? t.s. it 's be like this ail morning ! brodie can you blame they after the spectacie you make of yourseii ? what be you try to do , anywav ? < mpress jodie Foster ? t.s. T be not gun fer the Governor . it be just a stupid misunderstanding . brodie and now you be cry ' patsy , ' thus demonstrate all the key characteristic of lone nur assassin . t.s , ( pick up comic } do you actually read ail of this ? brodie ( panicky ) you be pend it ! God 's sake ! ( take book and lay it gingeriy ona pillow ) here , you wanna molest something ... othrow envelope be he ) read that , to ut ic down , for t.s. what 's this ? brodie termination papers . effective immediately . t.s. ( read ) oh my God . rene dumped you . brodie gust mow . can you believe it ? t.s. how long do you date ner ? brodie since the end of the summer . never date a gizl you meet in August . that 's what my granciather use to tell I . 2r be it '' néver date a girl you meet in a transvestite bar ' ? t.s. say here that you have no direction . — no college ambition , no job prospecz . ~ brodie so say I have no dick , but you will notice that follow the financiai question , prove once more what woman really look for . t.s. nlook up from letter ) what do you do for money , anyway ? brodie blood bank , sperm bank , eye bank . t.s. ( read ) wow . she call you callow in here brodie be that bad ? ss ighten , weak -will . brodie shit , that be the only part of the letter I think be complimentary . t.s. ( fold up letter ) you be lucky . I do not even get 4 fetter fill with obscure adjective . brodie ( head snap up ) Holy shit , brandi dumped you ?! wai second -- be not you two suppose «= to Florida or something ? cs no gc brodze ~ the mail . ~ t.s. oo oh , I would prefer ritual suicide . / F brodie come on . zttil be great . they have gor this new cookie at the cookie stand . they be awesome -- you have gotta try they . t.s. you think the promise of a cookie go to lure I into do somect I have zero interest in ? what be five year old ? brodie do not be such 4 pussy . just go . tell you what : we can stop off at brandi 's if it will make you feel better . you can talk to she ; maybe patch this thing up . a knocking on glass be hear . they look over they shoulder . a suite man rap on the glass , hold aloft a small stack of papers . man mister quint ? I be Fred Silver -- with NBC . the Network would like to buy the rights to you story for a tasteful tele -~pic ... another man pop up beside he . man 2 mister quint ! Tom drucker with CBS . we will pay more and get Drew barrymore to play you girlfriend ! brodie stare open-mouthed . 7.5. shake he head . t.s. we can stop at brandi' ? brodie nod , not take he eye off 0.5 . 1.s. shake he head and get up . t.s. get dress . t.s. drop the shade over the chatter man . music cue . int . station wagon - day bredie open nis door . 7.s. & squeegee crush from 's bac he march up to another car the ssenger look at hi xmock on the passenger 's window the passenger hand brodie throw the brush on t.s. [ can not even find the word not bad , hunhnr it in the c make a buck , 2 ? ( hold zp doliaz ) that 's a soda , later cn . — see this guy do t's @ fast way to t.s. be you go =o do that at every Light ? brodie depend . ext . svenning's house a news van be park in front of the sven estate . reporter converse with she camera man , smoking . tls . ( 0.s. ) there go that idea . qd un and brodie watch from zehind a tree . brodie just ignore they and go in . t.s. be you kid ? they will have a field day with this -- " mickey and mallory reunite to slay she father in he own home . " brodie tell you what -~ you go ' round the back and I will run interference with the fourth estate . t.s. ( look at house ) you get my back ? brodze you back be get . a female t.s. exit sneakily . brodie crack he knuckle and head the other way . ext . at the sack of brandi be house - day t.s. emerge from the bush . he tiptoe toward brandi 's | bedroom window and rap lightly . the curtain open and brandi look out at he . she give he the ' wait right there 's and dart away . gesture t.s. arcund in today ' he read Press , compari . came earle Ray . vy one hold the camera man brodie oh , ail the time . i remember come over for Christmas one year , and they be celebrate a Black mass . her father have sex. with a goat right - there . in the - de . in fact , it 's he I blame for what rappen with she . he pervert she moral from a early age , what with all the neighborhood cat he use to make she strangle . reporter and nobody ever report this to the authority ? brodie everyone around here 's paralyze by fear , make for shitty block party . reporter could we ressibly go on to you property and get some footage of they back yard ? brodie um . I have to admit , I be afraid to piss they off . if they find out I let you do that , the guy 's liable to put a death hex on I . hold out a hundred dollar bill . man would this help ? brodie a hundred buck ! ( grab it ) for a hundred buck , I will bring you on they property . ext . at the back of the house - day t.s. and brandi talk . t.s. you have gotta explain it to he , brandi . you know it be all a accident . brandi I know it be not plan , but ' accident 's be too light a term to describe what happen , t.s. brandi um. 2 can not . = have the game cps . - day and the camere brodie renming 's becGroom . now 2 must the image you cap go cn in that xc ( to camera man ) take a ls0k . the through the window int . svenning's bedroom ( Pov VID - cam ) - day sven come he bathroom , soak , in a tov he 's do 4 2 and sing 4 ext house - day ie oo t.s , I can not believe you be go through with this ! brandi come on , 7.s. , it 's no big deal . [ t 's not like I be go to sleep with the guy - t.s. you might as well ! Jesus , I think you have more backbone than that ! why do you have to do everything he tell you to ? int . svenning's bedroom ( Pov VID - cam ) - day sven cross the room and drop he towel , butt to the camera . he turn to put on @ pair of underwear and lock eye with the camera . ext . by the back of the house - day t.s. and brandi fight . brandi . there you go again ! just when you be make headway , you louse it all up with this possessive machismo of yours and bring everything endear about you to a scream hait . a powerful scream be hear . t7.s. and brandi lock eye and run out of frame . ext . at tee front of the eouse ~- day sven come tear out in a towel , heavily piss . 3rodie take it all in . svenning what the .. Bruce ?! what the fuck be you people do on my property ?! reporter ( shove microphone in he face ) Jared sven -~ how do you answer you neighbor 's charge of you practice of satanic ritual ? svenning {furious} what ? !?! a insult year , this trash my you crony take naked I tco ? now !!! t.s. and brodie dart by the reporter ané she still - shoot camera iter they ) ever catch around here m shoot first and you have cl the I away int . =ccn wagcn - day t.s brodie sit quietly . brodie know what he 's so mad about digitally erase che footage . = , what 's my problem ! <= wes se to a reconciliation , and = ac she ! and you theatrics eiv , either ! brod maybe some music 's 12 calm you down . ( start x ing through glove compartmentc ) do you have any cassettes ? t.s. , whatever 's in there be my mother 's . brodie what 's this ? ( pull owt tape ; read ) '' jazzercise ? " you mother have a aerobics tape in she car ? why ? t.s. centimeter ! centimeter away from smoothing it out , and now it 's blow to hell ! and where be I go ? to the fuck mall of all place ! asa matter of fact , I be drop you off and leave . brodie the safest place for you to be right now be at the mall . no press will think to look for you there . hide in plain sight . t.s. just shut up . you have do enough to further jeopardize my relationship . brodie you know , do you ever stop to think that maybe the relationship be not that strong anywav . if something stupid like get she shot at could rattle the infrastructure of a so-called romance like yours , then maybe it be tenuous to begin with . t.s. would you close the glove compartment already ? brodie maybe it 's about time you be rid of she . Three year be a long time to date anybody , especially someone as anal retentive as brandi . t.s. anal retentive ? ext . i two word : Grand and glorious . the parking le she be the warm brodie so what 's the big dea we be surround by water . some people be so fragile . tls . so be a woman ' come to dein be Zk be not on she just shut up . 1 i be 1 y a i brodie ahhh ! = love the sm che morning . t.s. ( look at Dixie cup brodie 's hand ) you be really maki that last . brodie nmove forward } waste not , want moc , step briskly from behind they and shova some of the soda spill . the dude look dude you want to say something ? brodie about a million thing . but I can express myself monosyilabically ene for you to understand they al he exit . dude ( glaring at brodie and shaking he head} assnole . brodie prick . tls . ( stunne ) what the hell be that all about ? brodie ( lick soda from finger ) oh , that 's the jerk from fashionable male . it 's this upscaie - wannabe shop on the second floor . he 's the manager . t.s. I think everyone love you at this mail . brodie there 's you one exception . guy 's always give I shit . I have no idea why . t.s. helluva welcome . brodie fuck he , ( they start walk ) where do you want to go first ? t.s. back to brandi 's . brodie forget that chick , man . she 's bargain basement . plenty more good product out there . you have get to shop around for } the best busy . do not settle on the first price you | see . — t.s. this be what I need -- you assaiie m with mall metaphor . dp _ brodie 's —--------.- - rt m the omniscient narrator of you life , my friend . ( more ) 7.8 . you can not see anyin close . open they the yourself . be you k g well , I can walk through biindfoid . there 's can , t-shir= stand , or g Zan in this place that F do not know abour . brodie osnap open he eve ) where the ck do that come from ? what 's go on here ? brodie tas . maybe it 's for the Easter Bunny picture . brodie ( still stare at the stage ) impossibie . the Easter Bunny court be down the other end of the mall ; be up since two day after Christmas . = want answer . ( see something 0.s. } and there 's a soul who might know what 's up . brodie head off . int . it all - the poster kiosk willi stare at one of that i- D print ( the one @ hide picture if the viewer stare long enough ) . brodie join he . brodie William . William continue to stare . brodie ( poke he ) William . william ( start ) hunnhh ? ( slowly cognizant ) brodie , man . what 's goin 's on ? ( look around ) what , do you work here now ? brodie no , man , I be shopping with t.s. william nstare at t.s. ) hat reveal t.s. and t.s. , I see you on t.v. I think it be on baywatch . brodie CNN , William . and they re-ran it on good Morning , America . william oh , yeah . do not you kill the Pope or something ? t.s. I get a musket tangle in my girlfriend 's hair . william oh . he go back to stare at the picture . t.s. what be you do , William ? william look for the hide picture . you be suppese 's hide three - dimensiona t.s. ( stare for a beat ) oh , yeah vow ; it 's a sailboat . william you see it too ?! dammiz ! brodie what 's the matter ? william I have be stare at this week mow . from open ' 2 and can not see & goddamn brodie you have get to reiax you eye . william everyone seg this thing except I . but todav 's my day . T bring 4 lunch and @ soda , and I be not move until see that sailboat everyone keep talk about . t.s. ( point 0.s. , will , would you happen to know what this stage business be all abour ? william it 's not a stage ! < = be go to see it it I have to go blind tzry ! brodie ( point ) no , man . this stage . over here . william ( Zocus ) oh , that thing . yeah , they be have this come show today in the mall . it 's be on t.v. I think it 's call date or something . t.s. Holy snit ! that 's brandi 's father 's game show ! brodie what be it ? they head off . the picture as t.s. it 's this really cheesy date game rip - off ; it 's suppose to de for college kid . try to capture that ninety youth market with a staple of seventies television . ~ brodie why do not they bring back or remake good show . like b.j. and the rear . now .. there 's a concept = can not get enough of -~ a man and he monkey . william would you guy shut up ! you be break my concentration ! brodie sorry , William . william ( go back to starin at picture ) now ='ve gotta start ail over again . t.s. good luck with that thing . brodie , yeah , man . remember : relax you eye . William stare . a kid join he and stare at well . kid ( beat ) wow ; a sailboat . william ( glaring at he ) shut up . int . hall ~ day mid-conversation . 7.s. shake he head , walk . brodie follow he . brodie leave ?! we just go here ! t.s. you can stay , but I be not go to sit around and watch my one true love auction off to the high bidder . brodie so then let 's trash the thing . be vou smooin thing = off a ru thanks 29 you . brodie I can get someone cto do i we will be biame -iree , and be able to do the show . t.s. oh yeah ? who ? pet store - day the window sucdeniy jolt to 1 : eye wide - silent s25 nold a ose like he 's gow , wave at = m paim , he eve jay {to kitten , very affectionately ) look at the little kitty ! look ac the baby kitty ! jay stare at silen= Bob for a beat . jay brodie look at this guy . ten buck say he 's try to figure out which one he 's gonna bury up to its neck and run over with a lawn mower . jay brocie-mon ! nitchy , nmoinch ! ( see t.s. ) and holy shit ! it 's the mother - fucker that strangle the Mayor and heid a judge at knife-point ! t.s. I get 4 musket tangle in my giriiriend 's hair . be uw bropie ex-cirlfriend . t.s. ( stare at Silent Bob ) what 's he do ? jay shithead here watch Empire and jedi last week and ever since then he 's be try to do the jedi mind trick . thinks he can levitate shit with he thought , the crazy fuck . ( slapping cigarette out of Silent Bob 's hand ) knock it off ! brodie ( to Silent Bob ) do , or do not . there be no try . jay ( push Silent Bob ) do not talk to this bastard . he 's get a heart of fuck stone . Ice - man will not talk to the kitty . I be always ... ( bang hard on the glass ) utalx to they and play with they , but Silent Bob will not join in . he 's a fuck hard - ass . brodie be rou guy busy today ? jay we be suppose to meet tricia . she need to ask obi-wan here something abous she video set-up . brodie why im ? jay Silent Bob 's a electrical genius . he can set up a car with a kicker box use a walkman and two watch battery . motherfucker 's like macguyver . ( smack the cigarette out of Bob 's hand again ) I say , knock it off ! brodie . it 's funny you should mention that , because t.s. and i. int . hall a dumpy security guard pace back and forth . he wedgie a ( sing ) yeahhe , soooyyy ! listen all y'all --~ it's sabotage ! ! brodie shhhhh . keep it down . {in confidence ) you know about this game show thing shey have get go on here today ? ' eil , we need you to somehow disable the construct : be 's stage they be building . jay be that ic ? shit sitch , we be go to do that anyway . brodie really ? why ? jay nothing better to do . Silent Bob nere steal a schematic of the stage from one of that carpenter . ( reach into Bob 's jacket and pull it out ) he analyze it and find a weakness -- gust like the fuck death Star . here . this cross bar . he figure you pull this out , the whole thing come down . brodie so we can count on you to get the job do ? jay as soon as we figure a way around fat - ass security guard they gor watch the stage . ( by the stage ) - day pic in of a brodie [ 0.s. ) he pose a threat ? jay ( 0.s. ) that dirty thing ? shit no ! we just have to outwit he -- X - Men style . int . mall ( by the pet store ) - day brodie like Logan ? jay wolverine !!! snikt !!! ( throw clench fist in the air ) sniitiikkkttt ! !! ( do he makeshift wolverine move ) brodie {to t.s. ) he 's imitate wolverine and he adamantium claw . t.s. I would never have guess . brodie you have you mission . go forth and wreak havoc . jay ( bang the glass again ) ' bye , kitty -witty ! {to Silent Bob ) damm , man . show some heart ! Silent Bob look at the kitten and casually make the universal cat - summoning noise while scratch gingerly on the glass . jay that 's better . {to t.s. and brodie ) we be on the job . brodie I have to admit , I be shocked you didnt try to dissuade they . t.s. I would have if I think for a second they could actually pull it of€ . brodie oh ye of little faith . want a cookie ? a. int . mall - foster fiosk - stare at the i- D poster . he be join bya child 1 teaceer , ( to child ) well , if you stare at this poster for a few second , a hide picture appear . child can we do it ? hunnn ? please , Mrs. catanzarite ? alright . go but hurry -- the Easter Bunny be wait . dren stare at the picture . William roil he eye , for the inevitabie . child 1 wow ! it 's a schooner ! william ( smugiy victorious ) ha-ha - ha ! you dumb bastard ! it 's not a schooner , it 's a sailboat ! child 2 {to William ) a schooner be a sailboat , stupid-head ! William turm red and then explode . william ; you know wnat ?! there be mo Easter Bunny ! over there ? that 's just 4 guy in a suit ! the child stare at he , silently wide - eye ; aimost in tear . int , mall - cookie stand - day t.s. and brodie pay for they cream - fill cookie sandwich and head for a bencn . t.s. but they be engage . brodie do not matter . it can not happen . a we t.s. . why not ? you know it 's bound to come up . ™~ brodie it 's impossible . lois could never have superman 's baby . do you think she fallopian tube could handle he sperm ? I guarantee he blow a load like a shotgun -- right through she back . and what about she womb ? do you think it 's strong enough to carry he child ? they sit down and start eat they cookie . t.s. sure , why not ? brodie he 's a alien , for Christ 's sake . his kryptonian biological makeup be enhance by Earth 's yellow sun . if lois get a tan , the kid could kick through she stomach . only someone like wonder woman have a strong enough uterus to carry he kid . the only way he could bang regular chick be with a kryptonite condom , but that would kill he . t.s. nlook at cookie ) what be it exactly ? brodie ( chew , think ) viscous sweetness . I can not really say for sure . t.s. ( chew ) tastes like cream . brodie yeah , but it 's not light enough to be whipped cream , and it 's definitely not a parfait or something . I have make some inquiry , but the staff maintain they have no idea . although they seem like they be be evasive . t.s. sometimes you abundance of free time frighten I . brodie elaborate . -— — ~~ ~ tvs . who give a shit about the cookie . here ? nobody but you . this _ preoccupezion you have of stayin breast % current food Court * rend be disturbing . brodie the cookie stand be not part of the food Court . t.s. what ? o£ course it be . brodie the food Court be upstairs : the cookie stand be downstairs . Christ , it 's nor like we be talk quantum physics here . tls . the cookie stand count as a eatery . eatery be part of the food court . brodie bullshit . the eatery that operate with the gesignate square upstairs qualify as food Court . anything outside of say designate square be consider a autonomous unit for mid - mall snack . othrow out napkin ) I will be right back . brodie hand he the Dixie cup and exit . after a beat , the teacher from the previous scene usher she pack of cry child past t.s. child ( bawling ) he say it be just a man in a suit ! teacher do not listen to that man ! he just say that to be mean ! t.s. watch they pass . then look over he shoulder , think for a moment , and head 0.s . int . mall - qutside bathroom - day brodie emerge and wipe he hand on he pants . he look around , spot something , and immediately charge 0.s. toe finish dial bredie iting nim eject you 2 z - property and 's , and he 4 x crawlinc back , via fiber optic ? = - can not ten you co it five I thas 7 phone . int , ivenning '§ house - day i , pnome answer machine sit a atcr a end taple cr something . li click on . voice hello . you have reach the home cf jarea sven anc family re you be request a intexview daugnter , forget iz ! my not & romicicdal maniac . brodie just get the d.t shrough withdrawal t.s. into phone} brandi , I be sorry for what happen brodie phone ! do it again if he nad br wy wa let go ! int . svenning be house - day the phone machine 's still there , but during the message , a hand reach into the frame and rest on a dial . brodie ( 0.s . ) I be try to help you , man ! show some dignity ! t.s. ( 0.8 . ) } {over phone ) brandi , listen ; if you will just give I ten minute to talk to you , away from you father and away from this jerk ... the hand turn down the volume . we pan up to see sven ing at the machine . over he snouider on the upsc ing we see brandi enter che frame . brandi ( anxiously ) be that t.s.? svenning ricki Lake . want you to come on she show . brendi be visibly deflate . svenning be you ready ? there 's sa million thing I have to do and { do not want to be late . he cpen the front door , check the knob , and exit . brandi pass by the answer machine and stop . she look ac it for a beat , then go to press ' playback . 's svenning ( Zrom outside ) brandi : let 's go ! she hurry out and close the door . int . mall - day a crudely draw , makeshift blueprint fill the frame . alaa wile E. coyote plan , it show a rube Goldberg - like detailed draw . we follow point a the D with linger shot , accompany by spy music . Point a be a pile of bird seed on the stage with the word ' bird seed ' write above it a poorly ~ draw guard stand next to it ; Point B be a heavy sandbag hang above the pile , a rope attach to it . tu 1 ( te pl ons ge to crsep onto the st ~ yet - overtiy -conspic m he jacket and po with a smail si '' re dart off , jobo wie i ot the wei ys ou aoitve - to oj jay 's and then rope . the side eve low some 8rs surround h asce - jay look sver xs a weak * a brod I hope he pants get catch and a bloodbath ensue . t.s. first you accost 2e , now you be wishing 411 on innocent . what 's with you today ? brodie do not get I wrong . I do not wish the kid harm . but he mother should suffer that horrific ordeal so she will learn how to manage she child . t.s. kind of a harsh lesson , do not you . think ? brodie there 's not a year go by .. not a year .. when I do not read about some escalator accident involve some bastard kid , that could have be easily avoid have some parent -~ I do not care which -- but some parent condition he to fear and respect the escalator . ( spot someone 0.s. ) wow . look who it be . , tricia sit on a bench , mark up she mini calendar . brodie slap iz out of she hand . she look up and smile . tricia jerk . brodie Little tricia Jones . what 's a pretty giri like you do sit alone in the middle of this monument to consumerism ? tricia ( pick up she calendar ) update my calendar and wait for jay and Silent Bob . and I suppose you be here with no agenda ~~ as per usual . brodie on the contrary -- I be here for comic . {to t.s. ) t.s. quint -- tricia Jones . they call she trish the dish . tricia nobody call I that . with in {to tricia ) tell he about the trictia rancem House give I twenty thousand baseG on & treatmen=t end 4 sampie chapter . brodiz uth. tackle pricia ) they goir tricia a bunch of '' ideotape be tricz I get everybody 's consent before we do it . most guy get off on it . Men be easily amused . t.s. what be you write in the calendar ? tricia I be coding iast night 's research . brodie {to t.s . ) she mean sex . t.s. I know what she mean . brodie ( look 0.s. ) hey , that kid 's back on the escalator ? - S. shake he head and turn to tricia . t.s. how old be last night 's subject , if you do not mind I ask ? tricia twenty~five . it be the guy who run that store ' fashionable male . brodie you sleep with that asshole ? why ? tricia I need a twenty - five year - old . de have quite a distaste for you , I might add . brodie he mention I during sex ? tricia afterwards . he say he want to kick you ass . I would steer clear of he if I be you . brodie do you videotape he say that ? tricia no , I shut the camera off after the sex . you shouid have hear the stuff he want to do . " a wo a that 's czimi tricia the comic Book store sorzmy to hear spout sou what do that mean -- good luck with the comic cook stcere ? t.s. do vou hear thar ? thac funicr masc about my foreak -up ? Sean hartle 's give everyone inside sccsp . brodie you know ; how she father be make she do this game show so you could not take she to Florida . they come to a halt . t.s . why the fuck do not you tell I this before ? . brodie ( look 0.s. ) now what the hell be this shit ? int . mall - outside the comic book store ~ day a common feeder not file a crowd of people outside the store . a sign read : approximate hour wait from this point , spil t.s. and brodie read the sign . brodie ( in a panic ) one hour for what ?! {to fan in line ) what 's go on here ? fan what do you live in , a fuck cave ? the man be here . not move , relocate the fan . t.s. how would Sean find this out ? brodie jump up and down , attempt to look over the crowd . brodie he 's intern at k-rel , and he say he hear sven bark at he wife over the phone about it , apparently he have a feel you be go to pop the question . ( aloud to himself ) who the fuck be ' the man ' ? t.s. how could you not tell I this ? brodie if you be go to bug I about it for the rest of the day , I will go home . brodie warned ?! what the fuck can you cwo man comic =o00 k fan gispi of tough io have some question ie out and blows it he scene and grab uw ws brodie { ( wild - eved ) cker think that just because a guy read comic that he can not start some snit ?! come on ! ='ll take you all on ! be hear from 0.s. everyone look in its general voice ( 0.s. ) oh my GOD !!! there's a little Boy caught in the escalator !!! the mall Security man release brodie and rush off toward the 0.s. clamor . fan ( 0.s. ) come back and arrest this fuck goon ! brodie {to 0.8 . Zan ) you be fuck next ! t.s. ( pull brodie away ) come on , brodie ! brodie ( struggle ) not until I find out why I can not get my comic ! t.s. {to a guy in the line ) Excuse meé.. guy ( cower with he hand up ) do not hit I ! t.s . why be there a line ? guy Stan Lee be signing comic . brodie ( suddenly wide - eye and passive ) Stan Lee ? '' suh a5 ( eet upq ttttu = uo suey sey ue = tcs ss ! assuow buyec -~ erdovg suo taser 4 p ~ sswec epi au oo asuc sssopd mo bact uy tts use og S , 373 ul d se but qin +a mere be hm wm fel th oomamr akam rt foie gp gar a4 mm or fb pty bh amet eee o mae ge lire tet ut i fit y ie fet ! ga ff thdy eg man et ae i aan 5 as om to oo od oh mrg yt we have mw not ( dt romel uw 5 oa at a qddet uh ghd . Te cd ae ny at qo 3 be ao ce t mar misa ty tea wu ze ye rg fm ye chy I mse eg ci ue fe versus for mou wp dm High uu o s+ 2 . 9 ° wr ee the wr ay of wl uv oo 'w daw yo un : a mo ownmin ft tx of ms or oe po uy ' a woot bee '' at ow a mo oey fer of om tap wid ct bo mda a k a ) dp tooo ote olek edie we no how @ mtu of ao : bod mo pry bi ny soo 8 Bu ae ) ah a ant moo eo lh a of a can qo < tt oo ioe rocco we . <j i woe 9 9 ° we for rf a . t a 1 be ig G oo a. c oo oty af a be ad ae moe bip oo we u a mian I 4 iy oa , oy ty : a o kr pectin not 2 oo with = ' a br ede t ce tab fe at ty oo peo wey uy 2 yo i we no at oo ns mb a of pgs we z of ocr ty ct h ay a fy mh bly it 4 oo iy be q ul 0 tle &b a t{ for eo wd oo ~ fw 7 ) mis qo aoe om will wet be ] W , oo i= wy ee ha uo fh oo a q qao eh wo of ooo ) in q @ my heo bey wy ps wo af qo ounw wou a oo hi g a o pa a 1 fs os roo ub rt of 0 iy pm my tqtaiys of ie oa th cr m NI fet diem ore aciet nos of oo poa mir whew es with of to mote om od hm as po iy oe - nu foot to sy Med mo > a bo hooter mi tin a wd of u fl : oo omiy ore wot . a of be gaerwore owe bo a po of - ~omn q hom fe remit hl or get pee wy oa toa married mo mo 9 in be u 1 0 ot be ) sq ht ' U aun a ° bs in a eow not cy ao fe qa @ ih roo ee ow wo tf he a 1 we oo be dis om ain bei fh th 0 3g man omie ir 5 aie . mu a a have a mis of cutty a py oo ih a 4g peg ty oo uw oo uot a tom bor " of aw '' oo oo y i of oop of mn ¢g of wv 1oom + iq u oo of of , oq m - bv a mh of q wy gene at of doe a hid of lp will a a «a : or " dd ou th oo . powo go o° oo a duo a < R of a a t.s. her father ! <= ko the game show thing be St a beard a attempt at ~ break we up . why can not he keep he nose out of we business and just let we follow through with we plan ? brodie you know , that 's wnat I do not get -- why the hell do you want to get marry while you be still in college ? t.s. I be just go to propose . the wedding would not be till after we graduate . brodie even so . why get engage ? you be young , for God 's sake ! a place like college -- all that leg around campus -- you should be sow you wild oat . ns t.s. ~ you do not spend the big buck on a ! higher education just to rack up '' notches on you bed - post , brodie . the -. validity of coilege lie in obtain '' a degree . brodie the idea of sex without worry about waking up you parent make college 4 valid for I . ( look 0.s. ) now where the hell be this two go in such a hurry ? vay and the further ~ bandage Silent Bob rush into frame and dive d brodie and t.s. the Security Guard speed into and out of the frame in hot pursuit . jay pop he head up . jay he go ? brodie halfway to kaybee by now . the pair come out of they hide spot . Silent Bob lean on jay for support . t.s. what the hell happen to he ? aecn pir qat and we zat staeuor ~s,38U pk é3 would Bus 14 ay a Fe 4 '' a af Ho eg E fh peg ib a of o ? wg nae ps 8 7 3 a @ uf ib in oo 7 ht fe " ao we et a to ge have 4 9 gow ° ~ ' oo be ny tog to u of g ds oo q wi rh on wu he roo ae a x me & qo 9 emeo op '' , " Lee S vp oo % aoag by a b| 1 oe 0 onda a D wy 7 ao '' a & to will bsg roe aoi t pe go bey bop be 5 Mr : ms pd 5 with a ob har pe i bop ae sieb ty ye ' i 1 ' it osb rarr with ane m o n my ow 4 ; oi eh a toa mot ow mid " i f= with ; soo fh " th eee with of soo pd I i oo pe goo 2 pa ( a '' ote '' oa : i int a 0 net yo og , 9 ~ wed 8 i a ond gh 2 , oo nop fe ir of T po oh 0 os we i of boo : a ° by vo 140 't ss wis , for ! Mo i ; rm be i i " ain i ° , i not mte ow " 8 iy of ul we int . food court ghe man stare at the o.s. horrer . brodie not a word . no wonder he hate I . ( quietly ) wait a second . they be by the elevator . ( in charge ) t.s. , I need you to run interference with the lug . make some small talk with he or something . tvs . I have never make small talk before in mat life . brodie ( collect ; transfix on 0.s. ; charge ) just talk about 's store and ask abour spring clearance . mister hooper -- watch my cup . brodie hand jay he Dixie cup and exit , follow by t.s. jay look at Silent sob. Silent Bob shrug . jay spot something over Silent Bob 's shoulder and react . jay shit ! ' bye ! jay dart away . Silent Bob glance behind himself , freak , and run 0.s. the Security Guard chase after he . int . mall ~ in front of the elevator - day the dude straighten rene 's jacket . she half - smile at he , then turn away , gaze off in another direction . he press the elevator button again , just as t.s , . step up -~ he back to rene . t.s. be face - to- face with the dude . the dude look at he . t.s. ( pregnant pause ) you work in fashionable male , do not you ? dude so ? @™.S. stall and look o.s. brodie peer out from behind a bush . he wave t.s. on . t.s. stumble forward with the makeshift conversation . @: ding , dcor open . : brodie whip e elevator . Tan , do not for T vhat the none of you damn susin probabiy ou just end make dude ( 0.s. ; you do not : ty not < trou ever hear " the customer 's always rie mis move . he run about to summon grab she slam the button the duc continue with t.§ elevator gump you ass this morning ? brodie nell give with the cover- ce rene kick you ass i pull . ss , but he will he know ay where a ay brod be you insane ? the guy look like a date rapist ! ( pause ) be that my jacket ? rene brodie , start che elevator . brodie not until you tell I what the situation be with you and the sperminator out there . how long have this be go on ? rene since I finally mustere the good sense to send you pack . he 's a much more suitable companion than you any day . brodie be you nut ? that guy 's pure testosterone ! he 's a walk mard - on , just look for a hole . rene I be in need of testosterone , after a year of baby -sitting you and you comic book collection ; I forget what real man be like , brodie what be you talk about ? I be as much man as he be . rene Shannon have already take I to lunch at the cheese haus , pick up ticket to the opera for tonight , and bring I shopping to store I want to shop in . brodie I take you shopping every weekend ! rene you take I while you go shopping , you jerk . do you think I care what rat - hole store in that shit - pit you call the dirt mall have the latest godzilla bootleg ? do you call have pizza in the same dive pizzeria every night ' eat out ' ? do I give a shit what two major comic label be crossing - over character , sell two edition of the book with varied - ink chromium cover ? I 'ma girl , dammit ! {more} brodie i the zene {aix phone to ear } " rene , my mom 's asleep . tome over , " nsiam down air shine } that 's romantic ? + time you tell I I look = pull out my chair ? a 1 this guy mother . rene he be up and at work syn this morning . unlike =v who sleep ' till one becau all night play seca video . enormous come here ! nm , they make - out , slowly descend the Shannon ( originail a smail crowd surround tude ) press the button ag ss ue a shannon {to t.s.i you sure you see she set on ? t.s. maybe she be get off . int . elevator - day brodie and rene be do just that . int , mall - outside tee elevator ~ day the crowd grow larger still . shannon nlook at t.s. ) you know -- you look familiar . t.s. can not be . i'm never at the mall much . shannon no.. it 's not from the mall ... ( snap he finger ) you be the guy on the news that kidnape the President 's daughter and throw she off a roof ! the crowd step back slowly . 1t.s. shake he head and lock eye with a woman in the crowd . t.s. I get a musket tangle in my girlfriend 's nair , for Christ 's sake ! int . elevator rene fix herself . brodie sit on the floor , exhaust . rene restart the elevator . ~ brodie there . that be passionate . romantic . rene no , brodie . that be too little , too late . brodie too little ? ( look down , then back up ) you say it be a good size . sg 10 ss0r pty swertat Shannon then brodie . the door close , , with Shannon j with be . elevator - day Shannon away aoor . ENE it 's okay , Shannon . se lust want give I something not forget co give a long time ago . you can i now . he 's harmiess . shannon ( shoot she ner incredulous ¢l come on . [ I have to to the store . liow . she with a touch - a hallway near entrance toor - day tls anc zbrodie round the corner , breathless ts rant while excdie peek around corner t.s. right there ?! in the eievator ?! brodie I do not know what come over I . she challenge my libic I feel obliga : to defend myself mst she accusation . t.s , oh , it 's not like you still or anything . we brodi . not in the least . 'o be over she . t.s. ( stare at he ) Holy shit . you sincerely love that giri . brodie you be clueless . t.s. no . no , I be right . I have never notice it before , but she really fueis you engine . ' you have a giow . brodie ' I do not have a glow . t.s. you do . you be giow . brodie if I have any kind of glow , it 's because I just get laid . I would look the same if I would just bang anyone in that elevator , present company exclude . t.s. deny it all you want , but you be just too proud to admit that you want she back . brodie I suddenly want something very bad to happen to you . hand jand on t.s. 's shoulder . instinctively , he throw he elbow back , and turn to defend himseif . gwen be double over , hold she stomach . t1t.s. 's eye bug . he put he nand on she back for support . t.s. oh Jesus ! gwen , I be sorry , I do not ... gwen ~~ fist clench together -- deliver a double uppercut to t.s. 's crotch . 7t.s. double over , breathless , brodie ( all smile ) see ? this be what you get for fuck with I . hi , gwen ! he do not really mean to hit you . gwen lean on brodie . t1t.s. lean against the wall . t.s. lleok up wordlessiyv . he 's kind of in sain . gwen to , lover . I see quite derange . ( to brodie ) brodie gust ger in I 4 i ) 5 ty a of of ix 0 where ? gwen by the stage . the frame , leave gwen and brod brodie ( conversationalliy so when the guy s4&w you , be have he jacket of he shout at a 0.s. stage -hand . svenning be it at all possible for you to finish that one bracket before we start taping ?! or be you try to get on camera ? be that it ?! we will go on with the show and you can stay right where you be , wrenching that thing into place . stand behind sven . sven turn around , see t.s. svenning quint , you no - account career - wrecker ! do not you pass out of my life forever ? ( start move , follow closely by t.8 . ) I think aiter this morning 's thwarced attempt at a reconciliation with my daughter , you would give up the ghost . t.s. where be she ? svenning you be out of she life now , thank God . stay out of she business . and mine . t.s. you make she dump I , and now you be go to auction she off in a effort to further you career ! svenning not that it 's any of you concern , but brandi volunteer to be involved with Match date to help I out of jam -- like any good daughter would . t.s. so you admit that you be behind we break -up ? svenning admit it ? I be as proud of it as I be of this game show ! now be a good little idiot and leave I alone so I can do my job . ( to 9.s. ) Guard . another mall security man join they . ( exit you can not } svenning at aas melodr . nave . Zack at int mall - lingerie store - I they be woncer i2 my mother ever wear a pair sit cn the floor , tls . ( not even gwen that sound convincing . t.s. I be preoccupy . gwen : ; t.s. , she tell you sne 's just do as a favor to ner father . t.s. regardless . rarr fe wen - it 's not like she will fuck the guy on Public access . t.s. she might as well . gwen you be over-react again . that 's why you relationship fail -- certainly why ours do . you get bent out of shape the same way over that costume party , when we be in high school . t.s. you get drunk and screw Rick derris on the pool table ! with everyone watch no less . gwen Zi be a costume party , 7.s. nobody could tell it be I . besides -- who else but you remember shit like that ? , brodie ( pop in wear some oy underwear ) I would have be a sexy chick . well , I _ do not know about sexy , but I really | would have know how to wear underwear . '' , 1 gwen ~ brodie , do you remember the costume party ? brodie the one where you bang Rick derris on the pool table ? t.s. ( to gwen ) nobody remember shit like that ? gwen how be it that you recall the most trivial even ? brodie I will never forget it . it be the only time I ever see darth vader fuck a gorilla . how much longer be we go to be in here ? I be start to get hard . gwen tell I about the rene break-up . Pan ! gwen do not front , rene 's cousin ' rice versa . t.s. they certainiy arer ask he about the '' che count gwen '' at about the brodie it go up and down , gwen seem so coarse . iz i to date she anyway ? srodie have ' fou ever siepr gwen of course . brodie mean really siepc ast tucked they on t.s. staigic ) 2 t together when we go on the D. gwen that be you ? ( to brodie} = have sleep beside many people brodie ouse t.s. as a model} you xmow how when someone lay wi heiz back to you , and you they , realiy close , and you throw arm over they ? ~\ brodie but you have to put that other arm somewhere , and usually it 's in this awkward type of position . you can either lay on it , or hang it in the lifeless , uncomfortable fashion between you body . the only other option be - to stretch it above you head . but my arm pop out of the socket when I be sleep if it 's in that position . so I be constantly search for someplace to keep my arm , and lay close to she at the same time . gwen and t.s. stare at he for beat , wait for more . '' gwen {expectantly ) and ...? brodie ( take off underwear ) well that 's kind of like a metaphor , leor ~ we whole relationship . ( look into Dixie cup ) I be all out . I will meet you at the food Court . brodie exit . t.s. and gwen stare after he . a sniffle be hear , and the two turn to see the saleslady in tear . she manage a embarrassed smile . saleslady I know exactly how he feel . ( bite she lip ) Excuse I ... she rush off , cry . int . mall - food court brodie saunter up to the counter of a fast food joint and offer the attendant he Dixie cup . brodie {to attendant ) fill this with pepsi . and no ice . he tap the counter playfully . out of nowhere , Shannon step up and stand beside he . 3rodie slowly stop tapping as he notice he new company . brodie want a sip of my soda ? the smart - ass {puncnin do you know who manager ? cot that ? so ner anymore . chat elevator nis stomach brodie t'd cail it more chan shannon what be that ?! brodie my neck -- = think stiffening from this Little workout ours . shannon . I have get two more t to tell you . one -- I do not like you . = I see you every week in this mai do not like shizcless layabout . you be one of that fuck malirat : vou do not come to the mall to shop or you hang out and act like you g live here . well , I have to respect x people with no shopping agendas . ~ brodie be this what 's know salesmanship ? shannon ( punch he age : rene tell I to leave she 's fuck clueless {more ) of a shannon ( cont would ) the newly single always feel 4 bit protective of the ex-boyfriend . brodie if this be she idea of protective , I would hate to have she mad at I . shannon opunch he yet again ) you_ see , Bruce ~- I like to pick up girl on the rebound from a disappoint relationship . they be much more in need of solace , and they be fairly open to suggestion , and iouse that to fuck they somepiace very unpleasant . brodie what , like a dumpster ? shannon no , like somewhere girl dread . suddeniy realize what he 's talk about , brodie go wide - eye . he valiantly try to take a swing at Shannon . he miss , and Shannon slam he hard . shannon be it because it 's a challenge ? be it because it 's taboo ? be it because I like to have they differently than they have ever be have before ? I do not know . brodie this sound like a discussion much more suite to a extend professional counseie session . [ I will go get a therapist for you .. brodie move to leave but be halt by a kick to the stomach . he collapse to the ground . shannon the only one go to be need a doctor here be yourself , my friend . now my suggestion to you be to forget you ever date rene . until I get what it be I be look for in this latesc dalliance , I better not see you within ten city block of she -- or I will really do some damage , smart -ass . ( lift brodie 's chin ) be we clear ? a with learn . opatte nim on head and turn to leave , bur stor ) oh , my store 's have a saie nexr tome by and 2 '1 ) ¢ive vou on a suit . ju cor . brodie lav on caik . gwen swing ser t.s. do we ever get along ? gwen once or twice . t.s. then how come we date as long as we dic ? gwen you have cable . when my parenct get cable , break up . so be vou go =2 stay for the show ? t.s. absciuteiy not . as soon as not come back , we be leave . gwen where 's you sense of chivalry , t.5. quinz ? nlook 0.s. ) be that brodie ? its on the ground beside a water founta say and ob listen to he tale . brodie hold e rag to mis nose . jay you 's cking kid ! the Easter ef bi. Bunny do that ?! all I say be that the Easter Bunny at the menio Park mall be more convincing , and he jusc jump the railing and knock I down . jay he 's fuck dead . brodie ah , let it go . he 's under a lot of pressure . join they , they be take aback by brodie 's t.s. what the hell happen to you ?! jay the guy in the Easter Bunny suit kick he ass . brodie I have it come . jay fuck that . we will see you guy later . ( to Silent Bob ) come on , Silent Bob . they storm off angrily . t.s. what really happen ? brodie the proprietor of ' fashionable male 's beat a raincheck into my stomach . gwen Shannon Hamilton ? t.s. you know that guy ? gwen I go out with he after we date . he try to screw I somewhere very unpleasant once . t.s. what , like a dumpster ? brodie sound like he m.o. 's ( also . eliping : you be barely breathe jas rene involved ? brodie no , this be a independenrc act of aggression . he tcid I chat he intention be to se eat girlfriend in not body cavity brodie ah , let he do whatever e@ heil he want . if she 's mot smart enough to see he for what he be , then she deserve the discenfort . f= , on the other hand , have mad iust about ali discomfort I can stand for one day . gwen oh shit , I be late ! < Z have gotta go . vt.s . you be gust go 25 leave we , with in he condition ? gwen I have gotta split . ( to brodie ) will you be okay , brodie couple pin in the good as new . gwen ( kissing nim ) that 's my boy . ' 3ye , be good . brodie woman . always leave you when you have just have the crap xick out of you . t.s. you go to be airight ? I have gotta hit the bathroom . brodie please ... do not say ' hit . ' int . mall - the easter bunny chair - day the easter child wa inny talk to a small girl on he lap . a line of <= for they turn . bunny okay . look for that candy tomorrow . and be good . girl ' bye-bye , Easter Bunny . jay and Silent hob ocush through the mother and child in and head straight to the Bunny as the little giri jump off he lap . Silent 20 b pick up the girl and place she to the side . bunny ( to jay ) you have to wait in line , guy . jay this be for brodie ! jay gut - punch the Bunny . Silent beb put the Bunny in a full - nelson . jay start punch he . the child begin to assail jay and silemt Bob . int . mall ~ backstage prep rocm - day brandi remove some clothes from a garment bag and hang they up . the tarp that enclose this quarter lift slightly from the side . gwen enter . gwen he 's here . brandt what ?! gwen him and brodie . do not sweat it though . he 's leave . brandi to little disappointed ) oh. brandi ( resume hang clothes ) maybe because we be really break we for good this time . gwen you know , = I remember whe break up . I be okay with start dating you . brandi a little jealousy residue ? gwen I think so at realize it be I see now not be '' you two complement each I that 7.5. be a be other , vy great brandi but you be always cheating on he . gwen capricious youth . do not mean = be not regretful about it . ( beat ) hey -- I be not go to cram some deep insicht down you throat regard you love iife . but the really good guy be few and far between . in fact , I have not meet one since t.s. and even if = do meget cne , = guarantee i'll use t.s. as the basis for comparison . brandi ( in denial ) well you can have mm , you want hi . gwen believe I , I might consider tryi he be not so hang up on you . brandi 's attention snap to gwen . gwen shrug . gwen I have gotta get home . have a good show , brand : . ts . brandi watch ner go and sigh . fa '' not . mall - outside bathrcom - day brodie lean outside the rathroom door , hold he Dixie cup and eat chocolate - cover pretzel . 1.5. emerge , tucking in he shirt . immediateiy , they start walk . brodie ( offer he bag ) chocolate - cover pretzel ? t.s. take the bag . brodie I just see sven by the stage area . t.s. think I shouid try to talk to he again ? ( eat a pretzel ) this be meit . brodie do not be such a critic . t.s. maybe he 's calm down enough for I to reason with he . brodie reason , shmeason . you should go give he shit . T . be you ki I be try to marry he daughter . brodie alright , so you can not scream at he . what be you go to do instead ? t.s. kow-tow . be a total sycophant . it sicken I , but I have to win he over if I expect to get she back . brodie there 's a way you can kow - tow , yet still spit in he face , so to speak . t.s. how 's that ? brodie you stink paim he . t.s. stink palm ? ( shove nand of yant } you have besn walk ail also nervous -- , sweaty as heli . t.s. you should see yourself right now -- 4 grow man with he hand down he pants . brodie I probably look like my father . npuil hand cut of pants ) there . now , you sheke hand with th 7s nding Hand co t.s. ) wife you t.s. ( refuse hand ) what 's the point ? brodie you know how Long it take for that smeil to come off ? scrub ail you like ; it will stick around for at least two day . and how do he explain it to he colleague and family ? they will think he do not know how to wipe properly . t.s , meanwhile you you . hand that smeiis i fe brodie small price to pay for the smite of one 's enemy . t.s. I be not crazy about the guy , but I do not hate he that much . ( look 0.s. ) oh shit , there he be now . ( to brodie ) I should de this alone . you do understand , right ? brodie of course . t.s. ( hand he bag ) stay here . t.s. walk briskly away . brodie pull a pretzel out of the bag with he tooth and chew contemplatively . he sniff he hand , get a idea , and then exit . sven talk with two network execs . svenning I assure you , tonight 's program will go off without a hitch . exec 1 I sincerely hope so , for you sake , Jared . it take a whole lot of convincing to get bentley here to show after that business the other night . exec 2 if there 's anything even remotely resembling that kind of trouble , you can prepare to be busy six night a week host the lotto draw on Public access for the rest of you career . svenning ( nervous twitter ) oh ... yes , well .. I can assure you everything 's under control here . a loud crash be hear . the execs shake they head and walk off . t.s. enter . svenning ( to o.s. execs ) nothing to worry about . just a sound test . I will see you back here around show time . t.s. mister sven . I be wonder if I might have a word with you . svenning ( glaring ) you be still here ? I think you would be go already , try to kill someone else . t.s. just a few minute of you time . mo bead o.s. Zollcwing . g ty t wh wa of be n q at th svenning mas ight youl - understanding svenning iomake chis sim to understand ? gerstand . you cost I '' would have enable I be into syndicacion - viable now I be force to peddl zo the metwork and beg for seopardize my career , now T be ruin you love-iite . e t.s. ( the show -stopper } I be go to ask you daughter to marzy I . svenning ( stop dead ; slowiy turn ) quin , accept the doubt Zuck my daughte ong enough for you v into she panty , and I be sure pre : penetrate she once or twice in my nouse , while I be home . I can accept this for two reason : one . we ali make mistake , and fuck you be one of brandi 's only error in a ise flewless career ; and two , because you could not have be very good -- she gid noc , after all , baik my insistence to drop you . and belie I , she would have fight I tooth ~ - and - nai if you be any good in bed . like that , son . I can ace not happily , but inderscand : no giv . ( more ) int . oert mall - the s00tleg kiosk e smile , sar - to - ear , yround aim with dist & tape . 7.5. vegard ail t.s. ionever could figure out what - rou see in this place . brodie good busy , great people , earthy aromas . {to someone o.s. ) hey , Walt ! voice ( 0.s.} brodie : brodie ( to t.s. ) they know I here . handing money to vendor . t.s. I would not be too proud of that . brodie ( regard nearby pile of tape ) what be all of this ? proprietor copy of the coverage of that zuy who open fire on the Senate and iced the Governor . they be sell like crazy . brodie ( shaking nis tape ) if I can not read the subtitles cn this I be bring it back . brodie join t.s. wander amidst the detrizu : brodie ( hold tape aloft ) " destroy all monster . " vintage godzilla . even have he son in iz . t.s. {uninterested ) godzookie . brodie migna ! the cartoon baby godzilla be call gadzookie ; in the movie he be call migna . t.s. who care . brodie you be still think about sven , be not you ? ' you wish you have tell he off or something . t.s . or convinced nim he be wrong . brodie what happen to you , man ? I remember you use to be a stand - up kind of guy . do not you punch amanda Gross 's mother after she call you low-class ? t.s. that be not I , that be you . brodie ( recalling ) oh yeah . t.s. and it be not she mother , it be she grandmother . brodie no wonder she go down so fast , t.s. which just illustrate further that 2 have never be much of a stand - up guy in any situation outside of my sphere of control . you , on the other hand , have always have this penchant toward bravado , regardless of the oppressor , the mumber , or barrier of age . brodie meaning ? t.s. meaning you would beat up somebody 's grandmother , or a entire senior citizen 's community for that matter , if you believe in the principle . brodie yean , but oniy if they be really oid . aybe right when stupid like the brandi 's feeling be not fully into piace . brodie you be go to sten to I ?! to something I say ?! gesus , man -- have not I make it apundantly clear during the tenure of we iendship that I do not know shit ? most of the time , I be talk out my ass ... or stick my finger in it . t.s. sometimes , yes . 38 let a nugget cf tr actually make som he situacion be one c ath brodie I be tell you , forger what I say ! I be clueless ! do not throw in the towel on this . give she time . she will get over it , giris be amazingiy resilient , man . like ¥atey ander . t.s . the girl who transfer out , junior year ? brodie yeah . do you know why she tran t.s. do not she go to a Catholic school ? brodie that be the reason on paper . the real reason come out of this date we have . t.s. you go out with ner ? brodie just once . and somehow -- maybe it be my tender approach , maybe it be my shameless begging ~-- somenow , she agree to go down on I . so she 's rogering I roundly , and out of nowhere , I let one go . t.s. ( beat ) define ' that . ' oh , you be kid ! brodie swear to God . t.s. what possess you ? brodie some wick chili . she be mortify . it 's tear all the way home . needless to say , sne do not finish either , but that 's cool .. I understand . t.s. very good of you . brodie might , she 's all bawling , about how she want to kill ask God to take she life . apparentiy , she would have a pretty bad day , i my untimely release be the straw droke the camel 's back . t.s. be a reason you be tell I brodie ss , that night , it seem 1 : d this life -last , adverse on this girl . oh , she swore aver get over it . but she = kill herseif , she go on to other , and that just prove my point that girl get over thing . ke t.s. forgetting one minor point . brodie what 's that ? t.s. the part where she become a lesbian . - S. walk away , leave brodie stand mid-aisle , alone . brodie ( beat ) you think I have something to do with foin hey , man , know what you up : sage ~ 42 aavlce . tls . from you ? <= don‘ : think so . brodie not from I -- from ivannah . t.s. who 's ivannan ? ~ the psychic s00 th ~- day ing , fortune brodie be that ingenuity or what ? t.s. what do palm - rea be topless ? have to do with Hell , man , it take . she could die in ten minute , I topless . mews sasier be not = be go Long as she cold t.s. you maleness amaze I sometimes . brodie . what can = say ? iz love tit . t.s. what kind of peopie patronize this service ? brodie people like we . t.s. ( beat} you be not sugge HH mge you and I have reach my today this be where I draw the line . brodie ( pull back the veil ) you know , you use to like tit too . t.s. ( head inside ) hey , I love tit as much as the next guy , but why would I want to pay some old hag good money for some supernatural chicanery , couple with sagging , wrinkle , weathered boob ? ant . =5 '' qq C zo0 oth ivannah sit at the typical paim - read set - up ; comi : chair for tne reader , two kitchen chair for the customer , erystai ball . she be covergirl gorgeous . she ' meditate , ' eye cics . brodie stare and smile . he elbow t.s. slightly ivannah ( open she eye ) you have come for a glimpse at you future ? brodie amongst other thing . ivannae ( recite ) talent like that I possess be not to be take lightly . if you have a hear : condition , suffer irom nervous nausea , or have a family nistory of stress - induce breakdown , Empire entertainment recommend you do not partake the fortune - tell activity contain within . {more personal ) you guy still in ? brodie we be both healthy and strapping young man . tvannah that will be fifty - seven eighty , gratuizy be optional . odie nod az ivannah . t.s. ; ( bewilder disgusz you want I to pay for i brodie I be break . i'11 pay you back . t.s. ( digging through sock toca not believe you . 7 do not : even want to do this . brodie you will thank I y with hand ivannah the money . ivannah alright , gentleman , free you mind . brodie ( to t.s. ) T would like to freesonmething . ivannah ( eye close ) I sense ... a grave disturbance berween you both . a difficuity in effect '' resolution to a problem . something nard .. brodie ( indicate he crotch to t.s . ) ft be convinced . she 's get the gift . t.s. ( to brodie} try to contain yourself . ( to ivannah ) look , miss , I appreciate the effort , and I be sure you be very good at what you do , but you can skip the theacrics . my shallow friend here be not so much interested in he future , if you know what I mean . be annae out character ) bar et . I always work berter ' i ode not nave to say thing in character brodie ( transfix ) you go not have to say anything at ail ... ivannah you pay . I should tell you something . and in order to do that , I have get =o work unfetter , she remove she dlouse , revealing a bare chesc . breast have two nipple . 7.s. and brodie gawk , snocked . ivannae can definitely sense the problem be : girl trouble . apparentiy you be both on the out with you respective steady . 7t.s. be amaze and intrigue , but brodie be repulse by the third nipple . he turn away , glimpsing only occasionally from behind he hand . t.s. that 's amazing . brodie that 's disgusting . ivannah you both Zeei the pang of loss , suc oniy one '' Z you make it vocal . the other fer silently . tuner ts. my God , you be right ! brodie ( getzing up ) | we have tt get go ... t.s. opull he back ; to ivannah ) how can this be resolve ? ivannah I wouid say combine you effort . you both nave strong auras . two strong auras produce positive result . brodie I feei nauseous . that 's greac . brodie I do not buy she ' power . ntest she ) when 's my birthday ? between m T ss opok brodie ) do you hear that ? brodie very haunt . let 's go . t.s. ( to ivannah ) why be you stick here in the dir mall ? you should be in a upscai wet commercial set . you would rake the cash with you kind of accuracy . ivannah believe it cr not , 4 ict of people frown on tepiess fortume- teliing . and unfortunately , ic 's the only way =< be effective . t.s. really ? ivannah sure . well , it 's the third nipple tha do it . t.s. ( feign ignorance ) oh ... you nave a third nipple ? brodie what be you talk about ? it 's clear as day ! look at it , for God 's sake ! 1 = do not mind . reach only after g suddeniy dawns on 7. S ocket and pull out a while get up . he nod slowiy . shove it in ivanna n ' t.s. miss ivannah , = can not tell you how informative you have be . thank you . ( shaking she hand ) thank you . do not ever lose that nipple . he quickly exit . brodie sheepishly follow , but pause at the brodie ( beac} do you fave ... ivannah any other extra body part ? no . brodie just curious . ivannah {flirtatious } but you could doublecheck I , just to be sure , if you would like ... brodie 's 's 2rejudice suddenly disappear , replace by + brodie really ..? t.s. 's hand reach through the veil and yank brodie we . t.s. { o.s. ) come on ! they disappear . ivannah pulis the third nipple off . apparently it 's fake , ivannah Works every time . she pop it in she mouth and start chew . ext . ' 4 ~ parking lot - dusk the sz wagon screech into a spot . t.s. leap follow sv brodie . q ec a t.s. ( resolve ) I be go to get on that come show . brodie no chance ! sven 'il have you arrest first ; you hear hi t.s. he can not touch I once start . it 's a live fe risk lose face in izro network people . brodie can not happen , man -~ I be tell you . t.s. I be go to make happen . understand be reach oniy after confrontation -- that 's what miss ivannah say . brandi wiil respond to conizontation . a passerby stop they . passerby hey , man , do not I see you on CNN ... t.s. throw a uppercut , knock the guy out . brodie stare on , shocked , es t.s. march forward . t.s . { not miss a beat ) and what the heli be you oblem ? you be suppose to be the impetuous one --~ not I . why be you fight I on this ? brodie I be be rational . t.s. you be be scared . scare that you might want to follow my lead and win back rene . brodie rene who ? t.s. whatever . just meet I by the stage when the show begin . [ I be go to need you help . odr ou go ? mge there ) what the nell be I suppose to do ? apg tr oo asserby that 7.5. hit jump brodie , pull m m out of the brete {( o.8 . ) it be not I , man ! it be not I ! ~ day e read the novelization he hold up the cente jay dude , this look like you mom . Silent Bob look at the centerfold and nod affirmatively . t.s. rush in breathlessiy . t.s. nbreathe heavy ) I have psen look all over for you cwo ! to nesd you help . jay yean ? how ? t.s. be you up for get stone ? jay look who you be ask . int . mall - ~ day brodie look at bras in the front window . he be join by another man . they stand there quietly for a momenc . man be you look at the couple inside ? brodie actuaily , I be just look at this little pink number over here . brod ( beat ; what , the bras ? man no , the couple . they icok hap brodie I guess , as far as couple go . man when I be ir mall around the linger like to hang store . brodie who doesn ' 2 ? man I like to watch the coupi male / femaie interaction you can how strong the relation be when 4 couple pick ouc lingerie together . es . it 's iook at he for the first time , initially + ced side glance . he then do a@ double- take brodie iy speechless ) ( near oh my God ...! ( blow away ) Holy shit ! be not you ... the man turn and extend he hand to srodie . man Stan Lee . '' mall - near stage - day out of nowhere , jay appear . jay ' sup , boy . you guy 's on this show ? guy 1 that 's the rumor , say {snak man , detwe out there , and nervous as hell = the crowd - V. , I would be 2 be you two . guy 2 ( think about it ) yeah ? jay sure , man . I mean , what if you be out there and you fuck up . all you friend and family watch ? I would shit a brick . I would be piss scared that I would get a boner on live t.v . or fuck fart or something . guy 2 ( to guy 1 ) he 's get a point . this be live . anything could happen . guy 1 shut the fuck up , man . you be make I nervous . jay only one thing can take off that edge ; make you feel relaxed as hell . make you forget how many people be stare at you here and on t.v . guy 2 what 's that ? jay ( pull out & dime bag ) noinchy -noinchy ~ -noinch ! int . mall - the second floor railing - day Stan lean cver the railing . brodie be beside nimseiz brodie the fantastic four -- reed Richards : can he dick stretch too ? stan . I guess . I never give it much think we never address stuff like that in the old day . the code and all . brodie I can not believe I be stand here talk to you ! ( more ) you mine . brodie tron man ? stan mine . brodie ( utter fanboy ) this be so cool ! ( back to business ) the x-man ? stan mine . brodie shit , man ! you be @ gat ! stan ( point to pelow ) look at that couple . they seem very in love . brodie you know , what 's with that ? that 's the second time you have commence on couple in love . stan i like see that . do you nave 4 girliziend , brodie ? brodie ( a bit misty ) have one . we just break up . ( fanboy mode ) what about the thing ? be he dick make of orange rock like the rest of he body ? stan why do you break up , you and you girlfriend ? brodie ah , she be a pain in the ass . want I to be this typical boyftriend guy . Said I be too into my own world ; comic and all . sound brodie who need chick though , right ? like it need the hassle of someone constantly on my back to take she place and be romantic . she do not understand guy like we . stan you know , I use to think like you . there be a time when it be all about the comic for I . have a girl , probabiy something like yours . she use to say , '' Stan , all you care about be guy in tight . you never pay attention to I . " eventually , we break up . d she know ? here you be t be now : a legend in the field . probpabiy have 4 slew of woman since she , be I right ? stan oh , lot of woman . I and Jagger have this run contest to see who have the most . last time I check , I be win . brodie damn , chat 's hot ! stan but %. never forget that girl . afte we break - up , = be involved with work , sut 7 keep track of she , mutual end . brodie do you ever get back together with she ? stan one cay , = find out she be marry to this guy from we hometown . I would wait too long . = miss my window . brodie ? really ? stan yup . <= think I have ail the time the worid , but I do not . ( more ) — that 's always cide expecting people pilav py you that 's unreaiisctic and arrogant . go on with my life : build a empi create some of the biggest characte in comic . character , 2 might add , that bore my heartbreak . else 's brodie how so ? stan Doctor doom wear body armor to cioak he mangle fomm , rignt ? well , thac be I beneath that armor , cover my heartbreak . the hulk : normal guy one minute ; a rage of emoticn the next . each character come to be as a fashion for geai th what = stiil consider today to be the great mistake of my life : the girl that get away . {beat ) do yourself a favor : do not wait . ze you love the girl , don 's put she on the back - burner , figure you will ger arouné to it . because the money , the other women. , even all the comic in the worid can not substitute for that one person . brodie I do not know ; all the comic in the world ..? stan trust I , spider -friend . ( get up } well , I have gotta be go . one more signing appearance . ( patting brodie on the back } brodie keep up all the good work . stan as long as you read they , I will write they . ( turn to leave ) brodie hey , Stan . Stan stop and look back . brodie she really mean that much to you ? a red give ic all x i : of it .. Zor one more Gay with h he nod and walk away . brodie stand there , int . ( ' f30l - near bathroom - day Stan approach t.s. stan I think he buy it . t.s. good. ( reach into pocket ) what do we say ? Fifteen ? stan twenty . t.s. right. opull out a twenty ) here you go . and thanks . stan opockete money ) listen : you might think about get that kid some heip . he 's way too preoccupy with super-hero ' dick . t.s. t'1l look into it . int . mall - a bench - day silene Zob and tricia sit alone . tricia hold the cigarette in she open palm and stare at Silent Bob incredulousiy . Silent Bob concentrate . tricia ( after a beat ) I think I feel it move . Silent Bob open he eye in shock and delighted anticipation . tricia ( smile ) dust kid . Silent Bob 's face drop . brodie rush in . with sust you with what ? let I borrow Hamilton . tricia why ? brodie it 's important . the future of my relationship depend on tricta it 's at my house . brodie ( slapping key in she hand ) take t.s. ' 's car . the yellow station wagon park in 2-d. tricia I do not even have a license . brodie ( anxious ) just go ! shake she head and exit . brodie turn to Silent bob. brodie you still have that stage schematic ? Bob nod . brodie ioneed you to wire something together for I . Silent Bob pull a screwdriver from inside he jacker and smile . int . mall - the stage area - day the audience be pack . the Assistant help a feeble and sickly - lookin sven over to the Network execs . exec 1 Jesus , what 's with he ? it seem to have falien suddenly . but be assure , go fine , and we be about to you be in for something really special tonight , gentleman . we have line =xcuse I sven fumble with a bag and vomit in it . exec 2 Jesus ! svenning nve line up some really 's , and this promise to be 4 I know you be go to .. ( cough ) ~ Love exec 1 shouidn ' : you be in bed or something ? svenning I would not miss this for the .. ( dry-heave for a second ) for the world . ( to Assistant ) go make sure everybody 's ready and let 's start . int . backstage - day .§ , and jay stare at something ©.S. giggling be hear . t.s. how much do you smoke ? jay _ all it take be two joint . this guy be gntweight . t.s. what do I owe you ? jay my treat . as long as you promise that next time you pop you lady , you make she cail you jay . nitchy~-noinchi t.s. let 's hope there be a next time . brodie join they . 's 2 jay power of the Dark side . t.s. wait a second . there 's only < will . where 's the third ? jay . I never see a third guy . they be join by the t : contestant , dude ) to that guy ? what t.s , um ... they get light -headed . jay you get that right . gill so what , be chey go to cancel the show ? brodie what do you care ? gill I be suppose to be on Ryan ~~ suitcr number t.s. we be go to be to . 2 I be t.s. quint , and this be brodie Bruce . gill do not I see you on the news ? hey . brodie . look , dude , do not give he any shit . gill something 's go cn here . where 's mister sven ? stant join they . they place . assistant mister sven S come down with a2 sudden case of d theria . nlook 0.s. ) what 's with that two ? t.s. they get sick . we volunteer to take they piace . gill {to Assistant ) be not this the guy from monmouth College ? him and that crazy broad try to kill the Governor ? assistant ( stare at t.s. ) yes , it be . alright , quint , I do not know what you be try to pull here , but it 's not go to work . I be elert mister sven , and we will postpone the start until we figure all out . ( call 0.s. ) Security ! ~l2. brodie come across with a upper-cut , knock the Assistant out . gill Jesus Christ , you knock he out ! jay opoint to gill ) now hit he ! the dude come over . security somebody call I ? ( look 0.s. ) what happen to this two ? t.s. they get stone and knock this guy out . I think he need medical attention . gill that 's not what .. brodie step on gill 's foot , gill shout and fall backward . the music start . t.s. {to Security ) we be go to need this here . the show 's about security will do . the out -cold assistant 0.8 . brodie grab gill . brodie look , dude , no more shit . just go out there and woo like you be supposéd -o , and nobody get hurt . ( release gill ; to jay ) when tricia show up here with @ cape , you get it to Silent Bob ; underszand ? jay sure . where be he ? int . way backstage - deep in the stage structure Silent Bob hang from a rope around he waist . he 's wiring a vcr to some of the power cable . applause begin . int . onstage the host come out and bow to the crowd and smile plasticly . host good evening , everybody , and weicome to Match date -- where one match ignites the fire of romance . I be you host , Bob summer . and tonight we 'r to watch as one of this suitor woo we } 2 suitor -ette . so get ready for iove in the make as we introduce ... the suitor ! the curtain open , revealing the set : gaudy , gauche , and glitzy . it look like the date game on acid . 7.s. , brodie , ana gill sit in three seat a@ partition to they leave , a huge diamond - vision screen to they right , display they image . gill rub he foor . sven , sit with the Network execs , take one look at the stage and he face drop . he roll he eye and vomit into he bag . the Network execs move they chaiz a bic further away irom he . rene , sit with Shannon in the crowd , go bug -ey when she see brodie . Shannon snarl . whe host join the contestant . cane go to marymount major in economics . to Doug page ! the crowd applaud . jay wnistle and whocg from packstage . oe do it , = o0 ug !! t.s. half - bow to the crowd . the host shake he nand and move on . host suitor number two hail from canisixz College in buffalo where he major in Communications . say hi to Rob feature ! chiivious . t.s. nudge he offer a delay bow and lock eye with ... rens . she shake she nead . brodie shrug . the host move on . host and we final suitor go to monmouth where he major in Fine Arts and Greek mytholicgy , give a warm welcome to gili Ryan . gill look at brodie . 3rodie glare at he and urge he to bow . gill bow . host Men , good luck . May the best man win . and now , lady and gentleman , I would like to introduce we lovely suitor-ette . from monmouth College , where she majorz in Business Law , will not you please welcome tne lovely brandi sven ? branci come out . the crowd go nut . she be gorgeous . the parciition between she and the suitor conceal they identity . she cake she place in the vacant chair . the host stand beside she , eost alright . everypody know how the game be play . we lovely suitor-ette will ask a series of question of we suitor and make she decision base on they answer . anything go ! {to brandi ) brandi , be you ready ? ww > we eee wo ( tak absolutely , = Zobp . host then you may brandi okay . ( look at h suitor number cre , you be a car , what kind of car wouid you be ? {d.n. : cross-cutte start nere . t.s. the kind you have never dump a boyfriend in . um ... two . can not you cali I the second suitor ? suitor number two sound like a bathroom code . second suitor sound like a figure of mystery -- like I belong on the grassy knoil . brandi okay ... second suitor , if you and I be make whoopee ... brodie what 's whoopee ? brandt um ... ( look for a ruling ; do not one } um. you know , we be .. intimate . brodie what , like fuck ? the crowd give a collective gasp . sven 's eye bulge . he loosen he tie . the execs beside he giggie . brandt well ... yeah . if we be ... you know .. what kind of noise would you make ? ov . odie kinc of personal , co not ' you nink I should answer brandi oh ... okay . ( look around ) um , suitor numper Three -- what would we first date be like ? gill ( totally into it ) first I would take you shopping to store you would want to shop in . then we would do a little lunch , probably at the cheese haus , follow by some golf . and at night we would take in a opera , probably die fleidermaus . [ I would follow it up with a drive to a secluded beacn wnere I would pop on the radio , and we would slow dance ' till the sun come up . the audience oooo0000000s . brodie ( to gill ) liar . you know all you would do be hump she leg for a hour and try to get in she pants . TI mean , look at you . you look like you have not be laid in year . you be the kind of guy that would beg for sex . and I should know ; we can smell we own . rene choke back a smile . Shannon glare . sven . the execs laugh at brodie 's response . brandi suitor number one ~~ if we fall in love , now would you propose to I ? brodie when jaw pop out of the water . brandi Excuse I ? t.s. , I will propose to you right now . I propose that you stop let you father run you life , that you be true to yourself , and not quit on someone that you know have value . ~~ wee ul el mm ot : nnd brandi what ?! t.s. shoot a fierce look at brodie . brodie hypothetically speak . brandi {is start to catch on ) suitor number one , do I know you ? brandi ( incredulous ) you sound familiar . t.s. like you conscience maybe ? brodie you do not know he , lady . ( spot someone way 0.8 . ) now make with the question . tricia stand at the back of the crowd . she hold up the tape . brandi ( 0.s. ) okay . suitor number Three ~- be you kiss like a soft preeze , a firm handshake , or a jackhammer ? brodie give tricia the thumb - up and switch the < =humb to t pehind he . then he swiris nis index finger around to icate the backstage . tricia mod and stride past sven and the execs . exec 1 what 's the funny guy do with he hand ? svenning I do not want to know . the Assistant wobble to sven 's side . sven grab he collar and yank he down to mouth ~ - level . with svenning desperate } ck 's go on ! what assistant I be overpower ... svenning never mind ! call the police -- get the entire fuck department down here to arrest this two ! now ! int . sack onstage gill definitely a jackhammer . I be in there with some pressure , and when I be do , you be noc the same as before . you be change . the crowd ooo0000000s . brodie ( to gill ) where go you come up with this shit ? that be the cheesiest response to a honest question I have ever hear ! I see you kiss , and it be not anything like that . host ( nervously ) suitor numper two , you have to wait until you be address before you respond . brodie hey , Richard Dawson -- just go back to you podium until it 's time to piay the feud . the host smile nervously at the audience . gill {to brodie ) who the nell do you see I kiss ? brodie some dude backstage . I do not know who he be , but he seem unimpress . the crowd gasp . we can hear the show . triczia brodie tell I to give you this . jay naccept to be you watc ! fuck up ! it 's tricia I do not think = that tape do to do . be here whe no it 's go tustage be still roasting gill hey , suitor -ette , this guy 's a homophobe ! 's this tt kind of guy vou want to spend a vaca m with ? this hate -monger ? gill I do not hate gay peopie ! brodie so you love they ? gill yes ! I mean , no ! brodie ( fold he arm ) textbook closet case , seif-loather . can not be comfortable with he own sexuality . ts. ( interrupt ) the hell with he . whac about you , suitor-ette ? how about you answer 4 question for I ? brandi I do not think that 's ... t.s. how strong be you conviction ? brandi _ what be you taik ebout ? t.s. / how easily do you quit ? let 's say you wind up with one of we .. brodie hopefully not rush limbaugh over here . gill I be not like rush limbaugh ! brodie oh why not , because he 's fat ? now you get something against fat people too ? int , backstage Silent Zob be give he nook - up its final touch . jay ( 0.s. nitchy -noinch ! Silent Zob look up . jay stand above he , hold the tape . he wave be we jay you ready ? Silent 30 b nod and hold out he hand . jay drop the tape . it sail down and clock Silent head , landing precariously on a cross-beam below . Si stare at it , bug -ey . int . onstage brandi defend herself . brandi if I have a conviction , I stick to it . t.s. be you ever in love ? brandi {taken aback ) yes , as a matter of fact . t.s. oh ? and what happen to you boy , a? brandi he ... we break up . t.s. why ? brandi . because he .. it just do not work out . t.s. be you unhappy ? brandi sometimes . tls , why ? brandi I do not know . the usual baggage . < =t be a long distance romance . he lack a sense of romance , he almost ruin my father 's career , he get I implicate in a attempt murder ... t.s. that be a accident ! ( cover he mouth , realize he error ) brandi ( beat} t.s.? brodie ( jump in ) hey ! what about the rest of we ?! ask I a question ! brandi ( shake , confuse ) um .. uh.. suitor number two ... gill what about I ? brodie aw , gill , just shut the ... ( see something 0.s. ) jay smile from the sideline and give the thumb -up . brogie smile back , nod , and look at Shannon ... annon glare pack m beside rene . smile and po second suitor ~- would you ever make whoopee in public ? brodie nlook at 0.s. rene ) already do once today . ene smile . Shannon stare at she , shocked , and shoot brodie fierce look , a brodie continue . brodie but my cousin walter jerk off in public cence . true story : he be ona plane tc New Mexico , when all of a sudden , the hydraulics go . the pian start spin around , go out of control . so my cousin decide it 's ail over , and he whip it out and start beat it right there . sven go red with fury and impotence . the execs smile ear - to -ear , hang on every word . brodie ( 0.s. ) so then the other passenger take a cue from he and start whipping it out and beat like mad . gill stare at brodie , rivete . brodie so all che passenger be beat plummete to they certain doom , suddeniy the hydraulics kick back and the plane rights itself . it land safely , and everybody put they piece or whatever away and de~board . nobody mention the phenomenon to anyone elise . tne execs be teary - eye with laughter . one slap sven on the back . sven manage a half -smile , and then shake he head . t.s. stare at brodie . brodie shrug . gill be on the edge of 's seat . gill ( excitedly ) well , do he cum or what ? brandi have brodie . ( shoot G disgust glare ) Jesus Christ , man ! some thing you just do not talk about in public ! re at the partition . her face snap , as if something ec to she . slyly , sne throw out the bait . sta . ir ! brandi ( calm and collect and nefarious ) second suitor -- if you be a comic book character , which one would you be ? brodie hcaught off guard , but delighted ) wow ! that 's a great question . tough one though . I mean , wnat do one gauge he response on : physical prowess ? keen detection skill ? the ability to banter well with super - villain ? brandi smile ; she 's caugnt they . t.s. brandi how 's you collection , brodie ? brodie it 's still big , but I have be trading the ... punch he arm and shoot he a look . brodie ntry to recover ) Comics ?! what the hell be you talk about ? hey , lady , = do not collect comic ! Comics be for kid ! brandi oshake she head ) I know it ! suitor number one , you just do not know when to quit , do you ? t.s. ( cover blow ) no , but you sure do . TI think you be in love ! brandi iwas ! but you complicated my life ! t.s. how so ? ad. brandi you place I in a damned uncomfortable position with my family ! twice even ! what be I suppose to do ? t.s. show a little backbone ! brandi I be ready to show backbone , but you have to bring bumbler the Boy wonder over there with you and screw thing up further , prove that you never take the situation seriously ! brodie Boy wonder ? I be all man , lady ! t.s. I have never do anything but show interest in you ! we wnole goddamn romantic career , I have dote on you ! and the minute thing get dicey , you crack ! ( to the crowd ) there we be , mere hour away from spend a entire week alone together , away from family , school , and the media , and she throw in the towel because daddy say so . brandi ( also to crowd ) he also get we shot at by the federal authority ! and then he bring he troublemaker friend to my house where he proceed to allow news camera to take naked video of my father ! and he have the audacity to inform I that on a vacation we be suppose to take , he 's go to propose ! without even discuss it with I first ! t.s. we would talk about get marry since we be in high school ! brandi he could have approach my father --~ man~to-man -~ and make he intention clear , offer he apology for all the trouble he cause ! but what do he do imstead ? he go on with he life -- here he be , hang out at the mall ! you piacea block , Zor live studic sudie : gill hey , do I get a chance to field any more questicn ? brandi and 7.s. ( in unison ) no ! brodie zi think I snould say something mere . = I know both of you pretty well . sui ette , suitor number one here have don nothing but pine over you all day , cry to figure out a way to win you back . and wnon this public opportunity to literally do that arise , he pull he shit together , risk life and limb , and face the odd to get up here and give it he best shot . i'm tired of this wnole thing . you be both retarded for each other ! why do not you forget the shit that happen , and do what you be suppose to ! ( to the audience ) I think the audience would agree with I . tor - € the audience applaud . brodie {to t.s. ) just ask she , you siily bastard ! t.s. ( carefully ) miss suitor-ette .. suicor number one love you , have always love you , and will always love you . he have only one question for you ... {deep breath ) will you marry I ? brandi stare , dumfounded . int . quick cut the crowd wait , sven and the execs wait . jay wait . brodie and gill wait . the host wait . Silent 3ob struggle to reach the out -of-reach tape . 7.s. wait . brandi take a deep breath and shake she head ' no . 's svenning ( cont would ) get you ass up there and arrest the one with the girl and the one with the micropnene ! cop 1 for what ? svenning trespass ; public lewdness ; violation of fcc regulation ... oheave into bag ) wand food poisoning . int . onstage brodie stand unflinch . brodie lady and gentleman , this tall drink of water head my way be a pillar of the shopping community who inform I earlier today of a nefarious plan of he to screw my girlfriend in a extremely uncomfortable piace . gill a dumpster ? brodie shoot gill a disgust lock . he turn he attention back on the approach Shannon . brodie and as he come up here to .. ( look 0.s , ) a slew of cop be come at he from different direction . brodie 's jaw drop . brodie oh shic . ( quickly ) well , without further ado , I would like to present you with a accurate portrayal of the proprietor of fashionabie male . ( loudly ) now , Silent Bob ! he point to the screen . 1.8. and brandi stare . the crowd stare . Shannon stop dead in he track . nothing happen . brodie 's eye bug out . he get panicky . sob ! Bob reach toward the tape , concentrar the tape sit there , unmove . int . onstage rodie start to back up a bit . Shannon reach the stage end ump up . the cop approach from both side . let uw ro gie swallow hard . brodie ( pound on the scresn ) now ! now ! now ! now ! shanron be a few step away . the cop be right + re E ssf int . backstage Silent Bob concentrate and reach . the tape do not move . below he , William drag into frame , sobbing . tear galore . he lean on the framework of the stage . william ( in tear ) sailboat ! sailboat ! goddamn sailboat ! he punch the stage framework . int . onstage the cop and Shannon be aimost on top of they , cufis draw . Shannon pull he arm back , ready to land a crusn blow . int . backstage Silent Bob shut he eye and concentrate hard , reach for the tape . int . backstage - below wiliiam sob bitterly , punch the structure . when 's it my tur wrong with I ?! ( cry avenward ) when , lord ?! hen the hell do I get 79 see the stupid sailboat ??!!! aahhhhhhh !!! mn ?! what the hell be he pull back and kick the metal structure with all he might . the tape , jostle by the kick from below , hop from its perch into Silent Bob 's grip . he open he eye and stare in shock . he gather he faculty and slam the tape into the machine . int . onstage the monitor come to life with the open to the Rocky and bullwinkle show . the cop stop and stare . so do Shannon . and t.s. and brandi . and rene. and jay . and especially brodie . but then : the cartoon be go , and there -- in diamond vision , for ail the mall to see -- be Shannon do something lewd and illegal with the waif tricia . everyone be transfix . brodie ( to a cop ) . ; hey . that girl 's only fifteen . the cop immediately descend on a very shocked shannen , who can only stare at the screen . they cuff he hard . int . sackstage Silent Bob let out a sigh of relief . then he rope yreak and he drop , int , onstage the cop lead Shannon off . brodie stop they and li Shannon 's head . brodie you know , where you be go , they screw people in a extremely uncomfortable place . brodie pull back to hit he . cop hey , hey , hey ! you can not strike a prisoner in police custody . ( like just once ? cop ( think it overx ) alright , but make it fast . t.s. and brandi kiss . t.s. would you have really go on a vacation with the winner ? brandi what do you think ? t.s. ( beat ) I think you would have . brandi but I would have send you a postcard ! jay and Silent sob walk beside the stage . Silent Bob pulis the rope off himself and smoke . they pass William , who be now slump on the ground , cry in he arm . william ( muffle sobbing ) what the hell be wrong with I ? jay so if it be out of you reach , how the hell do you get it ? Silent Zob smile and shrug and smoke . jay oput it together ) the jedi mind trick ?!? Silent Bob nod . jay Holy shit ! nslap he back ) motherfuckin ' yoda , and shit ! silent bob nexhales smoke ) adventure ... excitement ... a jedi crave not this thing . brodie jump off the stage and join rene . rene smile . rene shut he brodie ( point at the screen ) see that up there ? you cail that romance ? rene I cail that illegal . brodie so . rene so what ? brodie well , I be wonder . if you be not busy tomorrow night ... rene yes ? brodie ( take a deep breath and let it out ) would you like to come to dinner at my house and meet my mother ? brodie I mean , I can not guarantee she 's go to like you , but . mouth with a kiss . 1t.s. and brandi join they . t.s. you guy want to grab some of that cookie sandwich ? you know , the one with cream in they ? the execs stride in , closely follow by sven . svenning ( plead he case ) but this be just a warm - up ! the show would always go smoother , and be less racy ! exec 2 sven , the show be a piece of shit . unoriginal , uninspired . the only thing that save it be this guy here . ( extend hand to brodie ) hi. I be bentley garrison , with the network . I and mason here think you be hysterical , just hilarious . exec i you have a real presence . exec 2 have you ever think about host you own talk show ? two cop join they . svenning he ?! you be offer he a network job ?!?! cop 1 Excuse I , sir , but be you the producer of this program ? svenning ( intolerant ) of course I be , you dumb bastard ! and iowant this two arrest ! cop 2 ; ( slapping cuff on he ) Sir , you be under arrest . svenning what ? !? t.s. what for ? cop 2 for broadcasting lewd or indecen : image in a public forum , and for violation of about nineteen dif fcc regulation . ent svenning Jesus Christ ! he dry heave , and then vomit . cop 2 and for vomit on my shoe . where be they now STUFF t.s , and brandi stand on a small dock in they wedding attire . behind they be a small beachfront town . a priest bless they and they kiss . t.s.and brandi tied the xnot after graduati jaw pop out of the water behind . «at universal studio , florida . 124 . the screen flash , and the image be freeze as a photo on the cover of a magazine . the headline read '' mickey and mallory marry ! -- exclusive photo from the hard edition coverage ! " hard edition cover the event exclusively . brodie come out from behind a very familiar curtain , wear a nice suit . he smile and wave to the unseen crowd . brodie take over hosting duty on " the ton rene sit in the crowd , applaud madly . brodie wink at she . ~ but still - live with he parent . cU on sven also in the studic . he shake he head . svenning also got a network position . pull back to reveal sven wear a janitor 's uniform , hold a broom . tricia sit at a table , signing book for customer . tricia' book spent a record seventy -two we seller list . the movie will be out this ce Shannon hold onto the bar of he prison cell , he face twisted in agony . shannon made a lot of new friend in rahway William be still slump against the stage . when the write appear , he look at it , william eventually saw the sailboat . william ( all smyy and hope} yeah ? jay and Silent Bob walk down a stretch of highway . and jay and silent bob ... well , that 's a whol credit . fade out . the end