man on Fire by Brian helgeland base on the novel by a.j. quinnell February 10 , 2003 ( V 2.0 ) property of New Regency production , Inc . work in progress 2/10/03 1. " man on Fire " open title sequence ext . mexico CITY - day High over the city on a bright Sunday morning , the sun pound its way through the orange haze of smog . as we descend toward the clot of traffic block the street : the sound of a mass be sung . a catholic church the big wooden door open to release the parishioner inside . feature a tall , lanky 18-year-old . holding he girlfriend be hand , anxious for Sunday to really begin . they do not notice the traffic suddenly thin , like a faucet 's be cranke down . they move toward a mercede 500 . as a chauffeur hold the back door open for they ... a grand marquis squeal around the corner , lurch to a stop alongside the mercede . four men get out flash badge . in a moment they be hustling eighteen toward the car , stiff - arming the chauffeur . as the girlfriend cry and the gossip among the parishioner begin ... the Grand Marquis pull away . int . grand marquis - day they shove eighteen down to the floor of the backseat . this guy be not the police . a switchblade be flicked open . practice hand slit the boy 's Sunday suit from the base of he neck to he heel . eighteen yelp as the blade draw blood across one calf . Duct tape be wrap around he hand , eye , and head . ext . wooded area - day the Marquis be park across from another car . four new guy wait as eighteen be haul out of the Marquis . his clothes drop away like a snake shed its skin . he stand naked , bound and blind . eighteen be hand over from one group to the other . int . telephone - upscale home - mexico CITY - day the phone ring . a bomb go off . eighteen 's distraught father ( family photo of the boy on the wall ) answer . work in progress 2/10/03 2. reverse to reveal a battery of police and negotiator in the room with he . one of they listen in , wave finger at he as the negotiation begin . int . video surveillance of a 8 ' X 4 ' cell - day a wall smear with god-know - what . facing it , eighteen stand naked blindfolded and shiver . the back of he leg still bleed . he shift nervously as a little jack russell terrier eagerly lick the blood off he calf . a man ( ' the dreamer ' ) , we do not see he face , negotiate by cell phone . Voice calm . as he run number , he slap he thigh . Jack Russell trot over , get a ear scratch . at a motion from the man , eighteen be take down to the ground . straddle by two man , he head be mummify in tape leave one ear expose . CUT to t.v. - rosanna Garcia guerrero , editor of reforma newspaper , be interview , " ... organize crime syndicate ... growth of kidnap in Mexico over the last two year . " ext . upscale house - day as a hand remove a ziplock baggie from the mailbox . a glimpse of something we do not want to see . a ear partially obscure by sweat plastic and a blood smear . ext . CITY square - mexico CITY - night a mercede drive around the square , eighteen 's father wave a white shirt out the window like a surrender flag . ext . bridge - night ( 3 am ) footbridge over railway sandwich between freeway . empty train blaze through . dangerous , desert downtown neighborhood . look more like " war tear Beirut " , burnt out car and trash . the 18 year old 's father , naked to the waist , walk from the family mercede over the footbridge carry a pillowcase full of cash to a semi - derelict car on the opposite side with a white piece of fabric tape in the rear windshield and trunk open . he slam the pillow case in the trunk and leave . ext . downtown mexico CITY - twilight rush hour . a red stream of headlight separate from a white stream of taillight by a narrow median . work in progress 2/10/03 3. horn blare as a car stop . eighteen , still blindfolded , be dumped on the median . the car pull away . he stand there in the whirlwind . pathetically scream for help . more horn , shout , no help . end MAIN title . go to black . creasy' voice ezekiel 25:17 bless be he who in the name of charity and good will shepherd the weak through the valley of darkness for he be truly he brother 's keeper and the finder of lose child . dissolve to : int . ago be - mexico CITY - day Samuel Valencia Ramos and he lawyer Jordan kalfus in the privacy of a alcove table . Jordan be well heele , well connect and well oile . in that order . Samuel , at 40 , already have the patrician look that have serve the male member of he family for generation . they discuss the kidnap , a headline on the paper Jordan toss aside . jordan the family pay the ransom and he be return two day later . ( laugh ; chew ) his father still have not get up the nerve to ask he if they fuck he up the ass . SAMUEL and now every mother with money in Mexico City want bigger and better bodyguard . my own wife include . jordan if she piss you off , you get another one . SAMUEL ( laugh grimly ) do you know what she tell I last night ? flash to : int . sitting room - ramo villa - mexico CITY - night Samuel sit at he baby grand piano play a gentle rendering of ' delibe ' . his american wife lisa stand away from he . just the sight of she back reveal a pitch perfect petulance . she tell he : work in progress 2/10/03 4. lisa a man 's worth can be judge by what he have or what he owe . only the amount matter . SAMUEL and bankruptcy . where will that put I in the social strata ? lisa I be only ask for one thing . and it 's not a extravagance . it 's not even for I ; it 's for we daughter . SAMUEL we daughter . she turn at that : a woman so beautiful it nearly hurt to look at she . she stare , play he like chinese checker . lisa we child 's safety be at stake . SAMUEL ( stop play ) this people be professional . they do not waste they time take child whose father be virtually bankrupt . lisa Samuel , it be not something we should skimp on . a bodyguard 's presence in the car or outside the school be at least some form of deterrent . now he 's go , I feel totally expose . she just stare at he . he melt . return to : int . ago be - mexico CITY - day Jordan smile at he client , enjoy see he squirm . SAMUEL of course I care about pinta . she will be as beautiful as she mother one day . jordan yeah ? and if she be ugly ? Samuel roll he eye . Jordan laugh . behead two cigar , he pass one to Samuel . work in progress 2/10/03 5 . jordan all my client have kidnap and ransom insurance . SAMUEL I have a policy , aig . it cover I and my family and when it run out in sixty day , without a bodyguard , I will not be able to renew it . jordan I know you need to please Lisa . a ass like that be hard to find . good bodyguard be even harder . SAMUEL ( interrupt ) I know ! I just have to let one go because I could not afford he ! Jordan light he cigar . jordan you need a bodyguard of some description . it 's a dangerous world we live in . but you will get what you pay for . he do not need to be superman , do he ? can you go fifteen grand ? SAMUEL for a year ? jordan for a few month . hire someone cheap . you have to have a bodyguard to keep the insurance . then fire he for incompetence . the important thing be Lisa 's daughter will return to school . Samuel finally follow the logic . SAMUEL and Lisa will be able to save face . we will not be the only family without a bodyguard . jordan her beauty fuck with you mind . SAMUEL for a american she understand this country very well . work in progress 2/10/03 6. jordan she understand man . as Samuel puff he cigar in satisfaction ... ext . corridor - mexico CITY airport - day as a 747 be tow by in the background , a man stride at we . creasy . even in movement , he have a stillness , a air of isolation . he 's set apart from other live thing . he wear dark sunglass , carry a well - wear leather bag . inscrutable . disconnect . a bit frightening . the discipline of a soldier . the independence of a gunslinger . Automatic baggage teller ( Red Light , Green Light ) . creasy feed the machine with he perforate custom card . Light flash red . custom man he flip through creasy 's passport . even the stamp have stamp . Thailand . Somalia . cuba. Columbia . Hong kong. Saudi Arabia . every country in Europe . guy 's be around . custom look up from the ink blue american Eagle to the deep matte black of creasy 's sunglass . note : italic denote the line speak in Spanish . custom where be you come from ? creasy South America . custom where be you stay in Mexico ? creasy I be on to juarez . custom why ? creasy I have a friend there . custom look at creasy a moment . he do not look like a man who have ' friend ' . finally , custom smile . work in progress 2/10/03 7. custom I can not see you eye , senor . creasy slip off the sunglass . his eye be desert . inevitable . custom can only look into they a moment . he indicate for creasy to put he bag on a conveyor belt lead to a x-ray machine . creasy lift he bag onto the conveyor . the official hit the start button . the bag drive forward towards the x-ray machine . creasy pause , then offer up a license from he wallet . custom senor ? creasy it 's a permit to carry a gun in Columbia . the gun you be about to find in that suitcase . Polaroid flash shot of creasy straight on . shot of creasy profile . flash . finger be fingerprinted . jumpcut - suitcase be stripped and rip ( midnight express ) , pack of marlboro , bottle of Jack Daniels , glimpse a weathered Bible ( New Testament ) , intercut with seven piece of blue steel separate in different part of the bag , ie . toiletry , underwear , lining of suitcase . the seven piece laid together look remarkably like a well travel sig sauer 226 . creasy smile . ext . juarez , mexico four big burly suv be - drive across the border checkpoint - day int . suv - day six japanese businessmen jabber on cellphone . paul rayburn sit up front try not to spill coffee on the mini uzi cradle in he lap . as he own cell phone ring , he answer . rayburn rayburn here . int . custom holding tank - mexico CITY - day creasy on payphone . work in progress 2/10/03 8. creasy when do mexican custom start get smart ? rayburn 's suv rayburn creasy ??? where the fuck be you ? custom jail creasy I be here . rayburn 's suv rayburn what do you mean , I be here ? custom jail creasy I be in a custom hold tank in Mexico City International . bring a bunch of cash ... about 5k . I be go to need it . int . custom area - a back office rayburn have 5 k U.S. dollar laid out on the desk between he , the custom official , and creasy . the remain of the suitcase be spread around the room . the main offender , the gun be front and center next to the cash . look like the official be go to fold . rayburn this be go to cost you big time . int . strip bar - rethink location a stripper do a half heart grind as rayburn and creasy sit at the bar share a bottle of ' Jack ' . rayburn you get a secondary search and you have a gun . creasy listen it be a calculate risk . I have do it a million time and never get catch . rayburn everything happen once if you live long enough . work in progress 2/10/03 9. creasy it do not make sense to x- ray you bag come off the plane . rayburn this be Mexico , they do everything backwards . creasy hit the ' Jack ' . rayburn so what 's wrong ? creasy nothing wrong . rayburn do not give I that bullshit . creasy change subject . creasy so how 's business ? rayburn japanese be here in a big way . cheap labor . Factory space . but they feel a lot safer live over the border in El paso . I ferry them back and forth . they think I be john-fuck - Wayne . creasy but do not you stay in El paso ? rayburn fuck , I love Mexico . I live like a king down here . creasy take a look around the seedy bar . creasy yeah , right ... rayburn oh , like you have not be in worse place . creasy and a level five shithole be better than a level six . you logic 's inescapable . rayburn laugh . creasy take the bottle . creasy 's hand be mottle by old burn mark . work in progress 2/10/03 10 . rayburn you be work ? creasy not for eight month . I be in Columbia look around , but , nothing seem interesting . rayburn how long you stay , crease ? creasy ( shrug ) get no plan , rayburn , nothing on . just want to see you , how you be . come by on impulse . rayburn study he friend a beat , just see the crack that be not there last time they meet . rayburn you do something on impulse ? creasy everything happen once if you live long enough . creasy smile . int . pinta' bedroom - mexico CITY - night nine-year-old pinta martin ramo stare out at the garden , a bit like creasy , but only a ten yard stare . pinta 's eye brim with life . she fold she hand , close she eye , pray . ' chopin ' drift up from downstairs . Samuel on the baby grand . pinta dear God . I do not ask for health . or wealth . people ask you so often that you can not have any leave . give I God what you still have . give I what no one else ask for . amen . pinta grab a batter old teddy bear and climb into bed . she pull the cover up , look over as she door open . Lisa enter . pinta be she daughter . lisa you should be sleep , baby . work in progress 2/10/03 11 . pinta I be try , mom . Lisa stroke she head , smile . lisa good news . you be go back to school . pinta ( sit up ; excited ) when ? lisa Samuel be go to hire a new bodyguard . it may take a few day , but you be go back . pinta let it sink in . Lisa kiss she goodnight . pinta could he speak English ? emilio could not speak English . lisa we will see . and thank you father in the morning . a man always need to be thank . ext . - juarez desert - dawn four suv 's blast along a desert highway on they way to pick up some japanese businessman . rayburn ride shotgun , creasy in the back . rayburn look like he sleep in he clothes . creasy look crisp and clean . rayburn that 's right , a bodyguard . creasy look at he blankly . rayburn you Spanish be good enough . you certainly look the part . creasy you be crazy . people would hire a have - be , Ray ? a drunk ? rayburn well , you would have to keep it under control . work in progress 2/10/03 12. creasy and what if , just say , there be a kidnap attempt ? rayburn you do you best . they will not be pay you enough to perform miracle . creasy just shake he head . rayburn it 's not exactly a scam , crease . even at half speed you be pretty damn good . creasy a bodyguard have to be close to someone all the time . willing to talk . I be not good at that . rayburn so you will be the silent type . people will appreciate that . creasy shake he head , look out the window . rayburn what be you do here ? creasy I come to visit you . rayburn bullshit . I have know you fifteen year . you do not visit . creasy a bodyguard ... who 's the guy ? rayburn Samuel Ramos . own one of the plant in juarez . the jap car industry be in the toilet . he 's try to persuade Ford to partner with he . I think he 's in trouble . he ask I if I know anyone he could trust . creasy oh , now you think I can be trust . rayburn take a job , creasy . breathe some air . then decide if you want to ... stick around or not . work in progress 2/10/03 13. rayburn throw he a vhs from the glove box . rayburn instructional tape on what I tell my client about bodyguard . creasy look back at rayburn who 's just a little too perceptive for comfort . ext . mercede - mexico CITY suburb - day a dark mercede maneuver the turn . int . mercede - day creasy at the wheel . Samuel sit in the back . study . SAMUEL you drive easily . smoothly . creasy do not answer , just drive . SAMUEL ( cont 'd ) be you provide with a gun ? creasy yes . SAMUEL show I , please . creasy take he right hand off the wheel , reach under he jacket and pass back a beat- to-shit look pistol . SAMUEL ( cont 'd ) what be it ? creasy nine millimeter . a sig sauer 226 . SAMUEL have you use this type before ? creasy just nod . do not like the show and tell . SAMUEL be it load ? creasy it 's load . Samuel hand back the gun . work in progress 2/10/03 14 . SAMUEL you will meet my wife first . she would like it if you be presentable , polite and respectful . you will be the fifth candidate she 's see this week . Samuel flip through a manila folder . SAMUEL you resume be impressive . nine year in the Army . extensive counter terrorism work . I should not be able to afford you in my current state . what 's the catch ? creasy ( honest ) I drink . SAMUEL how do it affect you ? creasy my coordination . reaction time . if top professional try to kidnap you daughter , the service will be on par with the pay . SAMUEL and what if amateur try it ? creasy I will probably kill they . be that likely ? SAMUEL no . and no one be to know of you drink problem . that include my wife . as they pull up to the Ramos ' impressive hacienda . int . sitting room - ramo villa - mexico CITY - night where Lisa be flipping through tv channel ; Sky News , CNN , etc ... each one show some terrorist act - West Bank protest , Madrid car bombing . Samuel and creasy , meanwhile , enter behind she . she click it off , look back at they . lisa the world of we child . how dare they ? work in progress 2/10/03 15 . creasy ( shrug ) it 's war . the weakest suffer the most . lisa you be american . creasy so be you . SAMUEL ( introduce ) my wife , Mr. creasy . lisa Lisa Martin Ramos , Mr. creasy . Lisa step over , shake creasy 's hand . give he a quick once over . lisa ( cont 'd ) would you like a drink ? creasy do not hesitate , do not look at Samuel and have no irony in he answer . creasy thank you . scotch and a little water . she step to the bar to make it . creasy - from someone's Pov slightly sinister . watch from the frame of the door . lisa you have do much of this work before ? creasy never . Samuel sell , cover for creasy 's reticence . SAMUEL he have experience in related work . a great deal of it . lisa do you have any family , Mr. creasy ? creasy hesitates for a imperceptible beat . creasy no . I do not have family . work in progress 2/10/03 16 . and then , somehow , creasy be aware of be watch . his eye flicker over , just in time to see ... pinta crouched low . in the doorway . she stare back at he a beat , then disappear around the corner . sitting room creasy frown . Lisa step over with creasy 's drink . creasy thank you . she make a point of look into he eye . creasy look back into hers with complete indifference , something she have not experience even from die man . she abruptly turn away . confused for a moment . finally : lisa pinta ! a few moment and pinta arrive . ' cool Hand pinta ' . pinta yes , mom ? lisa this be Mr. creasy . pinta walk over and very formally hold out she hand . creasy shake it . a odd beat . lisa pinta , show he to he room . Samuel react . creasy get the job . pinta this way , Mr. creasy . what a actress . as he follow she out . Samuel sit at he baby grand and begin to play . lisa I think it 's nice he 's american . SAMUEL I think it 's fantastic . work in progress 2/10/03 17 . lisa you realize that you have bring a killer into the house . Samuel be stop short by that one . she step over and kiss she husband on the cheek . lisa thank you . I feel better now . ext./ int . house - sunset pinta lead the way . all enthusiasm , away from she parent . a 150 pound black german shepherd greet they . sniff creasy 's pant leg , unsure . pinta do you like dog , Mr. creasy ? creasy if they like I . pinta Frank do not take to most people . do you speak german ? creasy ( in german ) ein kline bisschen . [ a tiny bit . ] pinta Frank only respond to command in german . he be train in Frankfurt . my dad love the idea of have a dog around , but hate the fact he life inside . creasy follow she . Frank pad along after they . creasy' room not like downstairs , but comfortable enough . pinta we fix the room up two week ago . Mom and I . it 's nicer than before . creasy take a stroll around it , ignore she . pinta you have get a CD player if you like music . I like music a lot . work in progress 2/10/03 18. caw ! creasy look over at a cage on a stand hold a macaw . it tilt its head at the big man . a tv and vhs machine in the corner . pinta that 's ' Bird . ' emilio forget to take he with when he leave . creasy who 's emilio ? pinta my last bodyguard . he drive I to school in the morning and pick I up in the afternoon . finally creasy turn , look at she hard . creasy I be here for you ? pinta smile huge , nod . pinta in between you can take Mom shopping and to lunch . do that sound alright , Mr. creasy ? creasy creasy . just call I creasy . pinta ( big grin ) creasy ... Frank 's tail wag imperceptibly . pinta look like he approve of you . and then , walk on air , she 's out the door . creasy set up he room with meticulous precision that come from year in the military . Front and center he arrange he shrine : a almost empty bottle of scotch and a glass ( engrave from a earlier encounter ) next to a pack of marlboros and he weathered Zippo . then , he beat up gun and holster . a well - travel New Testament be place in the drawer . creasy' bag work in progress 2/10/03 19 . he reach in between the shirt , pull out a fresh bottle of scotch . he break the seal , unscrew the cap . he pour a double ... triple ... wait , what do you call a full glass of scotch ? caw ! the macaw squawk it 's disapproval . he eject the shell from the breach of the 'mm , try to catch it on the back of he hand . a old game with himself . his hand be too shaky . the bullet bounce off , hit the floor . creasy pick it up . ejecting the magazine , he start to oil the weapon . caw ! as the macaw squawk , creasy look up . it do not feel like this relationship be go to work . int . pinta' bedroom - night a batter teddy bear watch as Lisa sit on the foot of the bed , tuck pinta in . lisa School tomorrow , baby . pinta smile , happy at the think . pinta I like he , Mom . lisa you do ? pinta he 's like a great big bear . ( a secret smile ) ' creasy bear ' ... Lisa smile , kiss she goodnight . as she start out ... pinta there 's something about he . Lisa turn , look back at she daughter . pinta I think he 's be sick . he 's alright now , but I think he 's be very , very sick . work in progress 2/10/03 20 . lisa well , think about go to sleep . good night , baby . Lisa exit . pinta look over at the batter teddy bear . pinta just like you , a big old bear . CUT to : creasy in he room . test he mag spring with he thumb , begin load up . the full magazine join with that already load . another glass of scotch be pour . creasy 's hand oil the holster . the sig sauer be slip in . the holster be hang over the corner post of the bed . a map be flatten . creasy 's finger trace various route , pencil they in . from the house to pinta 's school . the macaw squawk again . creasy step over , take the cage and carry it to the open window . he open the cage door . creasy now 's you chance . the bird fly , disappear out the window . int . lisa &amp ; samuel' bedroom - night spend , glisten in sweat , the couple lay side by side . lisa she like he . SAMUEL hmm ? lisa creasy . pinta like he . SAMUEL pinta love school . she would like Count dracula be he take she back there . work in progress 2/10/03 21 . Lisa just smile , know she daughter better . CUT to : creasy' room creasy 's drink in the dark next to the window , listen to the sound of Mexico City at night . the empty scotch glass be set down . ominously sober . int . pinta' bedroom - early morning brush she hair , pinta wander to the window at the sound of a car hood close . creasy be down below go over the car ; a dark blue mercede . as he check underneath ... the " car wash guy " , pedro , try to engage creasy . Frank look on , seem like he disapprove of pedro . int . mercede - day creasy sit grimly behind the wheel . pinta exuberant beside he . travel route number one from home base to school . pinta look at creasy 's hand on the wheel . the back of the right one be swirl with scar . pinta where be you from , creasy ? creasy the United States . pinta I know . but which state ? creasy check the rearview mirror . a bang up white toyota corolla pull out behind he . creasy no state in particular . pinta frown ; this be go to take some work . pinta my mom and I be from Houston , Texas . have you be there ? creasy have he eye on the mirror . creasy no . work in progress 2/10/03 22. pinta you can drive and talk at the same time , can not you ? creasy ( turn leave ) no. pinta why not ? creasy I be look for potential . creasy check the mirror . the white corolla continue the way it be go . false alarm . pinta potential ? I do not understand . creasy place where the road bend , place away from building , place where the traffic thin out . but you do not have to understand . I do . so no talk . pinta be you go to quit ? my last bodyguard quit . creasy let I guess , you would not stop talk ? pinta someone give he more money than we could . creasy I be a bargain . pinta be black , be that a positive or negative for a bodyguard in Mexico ? creasy time will tell . pinta there be 24 kidnapping in Mexico City in the last six day . four a day . what do you think about that , Mr. creasy ? work in progress 2/10/03 23. creasy pretty impressive . maybe I need to up my fee or get a larger gun . she look at he scared right hand , then he . all curiosity . ext . convent school gate - mexico CITY - day creasy pull the mercede up out front . he note the high wall , the heavy gate . pinta beep the horn . creasy hit it . a beat and then a shutter open at eye level . pinta wave from the car . a moment later the gate be be slowly push open by a old watchman . creasy drive in toward a rambling , ivy - clad building set in spacious grounds . courtyard creasy park , get out of the car . he look around , appraise the lay of the land . pinta be not it beautiful ? pinta 's name be call . a elderly gray-haire nun walk over from the entrance . pinta run over , kiss she warmly on both cheek , then lead she toward creasy . pinta sister Anna , the headmistress . ( to nun ; proudly ) this be creasy , my bodyguard . sister Anna shake he hand . sister anna Mr. creasy . pinta no , sister , he tell I just to call he creasy . he 's american . from no state in particular . sister anna you must look after we pinta . we be so happy to have she back in school . run along now , pinta . pinta wave goodbye , bound away . they watch she go . work in progress 2/10/03 24 . sister anna she 's late , Mr. creasy . creasy yeah , I have get to get use to the route . I -- it will not happen again . sister anna no offense , but I be sorry that you profession need to exist . creasy so be I , sister . sister anna do you ever see the hand of God in what you do ? creasy not for a long time , sister . sister anna the bible say , " be not overcome of evil , but overcome evil with good . " creasy Roman , chapter 12 , verse 21 . sister Anna be impressed . she nod she ' prop ' to creasy . creasy I be the sheep that get lose . int . mercede - convent school gate - day creasy pull out , start down the street . he 's only go a hundred meter when siren kick up . a police car behind he . creasy shake he head . creasy here we go again . creasy pull over , dig around the front seat as two sloppy cop head over . sloppy cop one do you speak English , senor ? creasy yeah . and Spanish . sloppy cop one you have a identification ? work in progress 2/10/03 25 . creasy hand they he passport and a print letter . a legitimate firearm license for bodyguard work witness by rayburn . creasy deliberately put one hand on the steering wheel , then the other . minimize the confrontation . creasy it 's a temporary license for the gun I be carry . I just go through all of this at the airport . int . big burly suv - drive toward the border - day six japanese businessmen jabber on cellphone . rayburn 's daily routine . he sit up front a uzi cradle in he lap . as he own cell phone ring , he answer . rayburn rayburn here . creasy , what 's up ? ( listen ; laugh ) yeah ? CUT to : police line - up wall - as creasy 's mug shot be flashed . creasy' hand - as he 's fingerprinted . creasy there 's still ink on my finger from last week . CUT to : rayburn' suv rayburn you get toss . do not trust the cop , especially the judicial . ( listen ; laugh again ) oh you know that ? int . bar - day creasy slam a Jack and Coke . ext . high STREET - mexico CITY - day creasy stride , the frivolous shopper like another species as he move through they . might as well wear a shark fin . he spot something : a music store . work in progress 2/10/03 26 . int . music store - mexico CITY - day creasy find the section he 's look for , search a rack . there . as he pull a particular CD , we be not privy to what it be . ext . courtyard - pinta' school - day creasy wait , smoking a marlboro light , separate from the other driver and bodyguard . the bodyguard stand together share cigarettes and storey . give he a share of unfriendly look . creasy could care less . the door open and the child pour out . pinta exit , a huge grin as she spot creasy . creasy palm the marlboro . the frown on he might as well be chisele in marble . int . mercede - rolling - day pinta ride shotgun alongside creasy . she look out the window , realize ... pinta we be take a different way home . creasy that 's right . pinta think about it , realize what he 's do , smile . pinta I understand . smart . no answer from creasy . it 's hard not to feel foolish around this kid . pinta do you like school , creasy ? creasy no . pinta not at all ? creasy no . pinta but why not ? creasy 's hope she will just shut up . work in progress 2/10/03 27 . pinta hmmm ? creasy it be not a school like yours and there be no sister Anna . pinta so you be unhappy ? creasy be unhappy be a state of mind . I never think about it . pinta oh ... pinta watch creasy a moment , try to figure a way in . she look at he scar right hand on the wheel . then , as she reach out ... pinta what happen to ... and touch it . pinta ... you hand ? creasy give she a look , devoid of humanity for a instant . creasy no more question . when he speak again he 's colder ; he 's decide something . creasy I be not pay to be you friend . I be pay to protect you . they drive on in silence . creasy finally glance over . pinta stare straight ahead , she chin quivering . creasy ( exasperate ) and do not start cry . pinta I be not cry . but she be . as creasy stop at a red light ... work in progress 2/10/03 28. creasy look , this be the way I be . I do not like question . I -- and she 's out the door . creasy shit . creasy shoulder open he door , bolt out . intersection creasy have barely straighten himself and pinta be already get back in the car . this time in the backseat . creasy sigh . the light go green . scooter whine away and horn blare . mercede creasy sit back behind the wheel . pinta you can take I home now , Mr. creasy . creasy look back at she , but she stare straight ahead . as the chorus of horn continue , creasy continue drive . int . kitchen - ramo villa - day creasy sit at the table with the old gardener gomez ( we have see he trimming hedge and such in earlier exterior ) . Gomez 's just clean he plate and be go after any remnant with a crust of bread . creasy have not touch he . maria , the cook , enter . as she clock creasy 's plate ... int . creasy' room - sunset ' chopin ' drift across the courtyard . Samuel be a very accomplish player . creasy sit in a chair in the twilight by the window , a glass of scotch in he hand . a knock at the door . creasy come in . the door open . it 's Lisa . work in progress 2/10/03 29 . lisa Mr. creasy , I want to make sure you have everything you need . creasy I be fine . lisa be the food alright ? Maria tell I that you do not eat . creasy the food 's fine . sometimes I do not eat . lisa ( smile ) it insult Maria . slip it to the dog if you have to ... do you mind if I talk to you for a moment ? he shake he head . Lisa glide into the room like a dancer , sit down at the foot of the bed . lisa how be you get along with pinta ? creasy we will be okay once she realize I be not a new toy . lisa ( smile ) yes , she tell I . do you have child , Mr. creasy ? creasy no . lisa you should know they be tenacious when they want something . and pinta want to be friend . creasy you be pay I to protect she , not amuse she . right ? a beat and then Lisa nod . creasy look . maybe this be not go to work . maybe you should ask you husband to hire someone ... more sociable . work in progress 2/10/03 30 . lisa no , you be right . you be hire to protect she , that 's enough . I be confident you will do that . Lisa stand , be about to start out when she see he gun and holster hang from the corner of the bed . it give she pause . something sexy about it and creasy 's proximity . lisa I do not realize you have a gun . I know that 's silly to say . creasy do not answer , just watch she . lisa it make it all seem so serious . creasy it be serious , Mrs. Ramos . lisa please , it 's Lisa ... I will be come with you tomorrow . I have lunch with friend . finally , Lisa just shrug and disappear out the door . creasy slug down a gulp of scotch . int . pinta' bedroom - night pinta , blanket up , teddy bear beside she , say she prayer . pinta give I God what you still have . give I what no one else ask for . then , she listen as Linda ronstadt 's " Blue bayou " start to drift through the open window , down from the room above . ronstadt " I be go back someday , come what may , to Blue bayou ... " int . creasy' room - night he stand in the dark , in front of the glow of the stereo . the empty bag from the record store . this be the CD he buy . as the song end , creasy hit the back - up button . " Blue bayou " begin again . creasy take the 9 mm from its holster . as he sit back in he chair ... work in progress 2/10/03 31 . int . pinta' bedroom - night pinta listen to the music , figure a way to dance to it . int . creasy' room - night creasy sit in the dark with he ' Blue bayou ' . creasy do not look right . holding the 'mm , he eject the round , try to catch it on the back of he hand . no good . he chamber another round . tries again . nope . linda ronstadt well I will never be blue , my dream come true , on Blue bayou ... int . pinta' bedroom - night pinta still dance , find a way to be with creasy whether he know it or not . Frank , the dog , watch she every move , perplex . int . creasy' room - night as the song repeat , creasy chamber yet another round . feel like he miss a beat as he load one shell into the chamber . pinta sing along oblivious . suddenly the barrel be at he forehead and the trigger have be pull . no gun shot . a click . Hammer against shell . creasy be confuse . he eject the shell and catch it in the palm of he hand . macro photograph / a small dimple on the back of the shell be the only evidence of he action . pinta still dance . int . rayburn' bedroom - mexico CITY - night 3.a.m. rayburn in bed with he beautiful 19 - year - old mexican wife and they four- year - old son . as she lean down to kiss she son , a cellphone ring . rayburn look over at the nightstand . five cellphone there , one of they ringing . rayburn find it . rayburn rayburn ... creasy ! what 's wrong ? ext . ramo house - night creasy stand at the edge of the drive , the house dark behind he . on he cell phone . work in progress 2/10/03 32 . creasy I say , have you ever have a nine millimeter round that just do not go off ? intercut the following : rayburn pull away , sit on the edge of the bed . rayburn you mean a misfire ? creasy I mean nothing . the hammer come down and nothing happen . dimple on the primer . rayburn I have hear of it . never happen to I though . maybe the fire pin 's off . creasy maybe ... creasy be troubled about it all to say the least . rayburn it 's like we always use to say : a bullet always tell the truth . what be you shoot at ? creasy do not answer . he hold the bullet up , look at it . rayburn ( focus ; concerned ) creasy ? creasy sorry I wake you , Ray . creasy click off the phone . he start back toward the house , but stop short again . there she be . pinta . stand in the window of she room . she 's be watch he . it 's like creasy see she for the first time . and she 's be watch he forever . no easy answer for it . they be connect somehow . int . creasy' room - night finger put the special bullet into a old matchbox . it take it place of honor front and center on the shrine . next to the marlboros and scotch . the New Testament be set down nearby . work in progress 2/10/03 33. cu - creasy asleep in he bed for the first time . int . mercede - rolling - day Silent creasy drive . Lisa and pinta in the back . creasy steal a look in the mirror . pinta stare straight ahead . but when creasy look away , pinta steal a look at he . ext . STREET - mexico CITY - day as the mercede cross a intersection , a white toyota corolla turn right , pull in thirty meter behind it . int . mercede - rolling - day creasy clock the corolla , frown . he pull a piece of paper from he pocket . but nothing to write with . creasy pinta , do you have a pencil ? pinta I go to school , do not I ? sarcasm . he stay calm , do not let on what he 's think . creasy please ? her little hand come over the top of the seat with a pencil . creasy take it , slow to let the corolla catch up . he squint into the mirror to read the plate . Lisa be oblivious , but as pinta look back over she shoulder ... brake light up ahead . creasy lurch to a stop . the corolla swerve around they disappear ahead . creasy sorry . lisa the traffic take some get use to . as creasy crane for a view , another white corolla come by head the opposite way . they be everywhere . this relax creasy 's paranoia . as he laugh to himself . work in progress 2/10/03 34 . ext . courtyard - convent school - day they pull in through the gate . the mercede park ; creasy get out . pinta kiss she mother on the cheek . pinta bye , Mom . lisa do not forget you towel . pinta get out with book bag and she towel . as she start to walk past creasy without a word , he hold out she pencil . she hold up , show he a second pencil , continue on she way . do not need he . mercede creasy get back in , start away . lisa she have swim practice today . you will need to pick she up at the pool . creasy just nod . he do not want anything to do with Lisa either . thoughtful , Lisa look out the window . lisa I talk to she . she understand . she will not bother you anymore . as creasy just drive . ext . ago be - mexico CITY - day creasy wait in the street , stand by the mercede . he check he watch , look around . the minute do not pass quickly . he look over as the restaurant door open and Lisa exit with Jordan kalfus and he Latin wife evelyn . lisa ( see he ) creasy ! ( step over ) meet Jordan and Evelyn . creasy nod . they study he with interest . jordan so you be the bodyguard ? ( creasy nod again ) you use to be , what do they use to call it , a soldier of fortune ? work in progress 2/10/03 35 . Jordan do not quite hide he disdain . creasy nod a final time , let he eye drift to a 1000 yard stare . evelyn ( giggle ) do he talk ? as Lisa give she a dirty look , Evelyn whisper ... evelyn he 's sexy ... Jordan look in the direction creasy look . jordan you see any danger out there ? ( laugh ) the fear 's worse than the reality . just a blankness from creasy . jordan I always want to ask a bodyguard , would you take a bullet for you employer , for Samuel ? a condescending smile as Jordan await he answer . creasy I be not hire to guard Mr. Ramos . jordan for pinta then ? lisa Jordan ! creasy if something happen , my reaction would be to fight to protect she . I have skill in that respect . pinta would benefit by the fact that ... I be a soldier . jordan what kind of a answer be that ? creasy the answer be the truth . the question be foolish . Lisa smile at the answer , kiss Jordan on the cheek . work in progress 2/10/03 36 . lisa Jordan , thank you for the lovely lunch . I promise not to let Evelyn spend too much . Evelyn do not see it , but creasy do . Jordan just let he finger trace the top of Lisa 's ass . as she and Evelyn head for the car , creasy be there to open the door . mercede creasy get behind the wheel . pull into traffic . as he go , he check the rear view mirror . Jordan remain stand on the curb watch the car pull away . something odd about it all . ext . public pool - mexico CITY - day loud. chaotic . reminiscent of a lunatic asylum . creasy arrive at the public pool . a practice . several bodyguard gather at one end of the pool . give creasy a less than friendly look . as he look for pinta ... a gun go off . see : the smoke from the start pistol as the swimmer splash into the water . he see pinta in the pool . the fifty yard dash . she 's in fifth . then fourth . creasy walk along beside she . third . second and close . and at the wall , still second . she surface , frustrated . as she see creasy there ... int . mercede - day creasy drive . pinta in back , write in she notebook . not speak , but a weird sort of harmony . finally . creasy you be fast . pinta once I get in the water but not start off . by the time I catch up , it 's too late . she keep write . the number " 2 " over and over . work in progress 2/10/03 37 . int . creasy' room - night creasy sit in he chair drink scotch . all alone needless to say . creasy take the instructional vhs on bodyguard that rayburn give he and plug it into the vcr . it 's in japanese . shake he head . he switch off the vcr and surf the tv channel instead . see talk show with the editor of reforma newspaper , rosanna guerrero , talk about organize crime in Mexico . from out the window , a caw , then again . yet again . finally , creasy stand go to the window . he lean out , see pinta 's window across the lawn from he . pinta stand on the terrace . another caw . creasy decide to play . he caw in return . pinta look around . creasy do a pretty good impersonation . hear pinta caw again . creasy hey ... pinta ... she look up at he . creasy what be you do ? pinta Calling for emilio 's macaw . I think I hear he . creasy do you think he will come back ? pinta maybe . do you hear he ? creasy no . pinta how do you think he get out ? creasy ( a beat ) well , I let he go . work in progress 2/10/03 38 . pinta it 's better to be free , right ? creasy yes . actually , he be drive I crazy . creasy disappear back inside . pinta smile big before let the stick drop to the ground . pinta I get you to talk , creasy bear . Blue bayou play . pinta now listen to creasy 's sound . ronstadt " ... I be so lonesome all the time , since I leave my baby behind , on Blue bayou . " ext . ramo villa - day a driver get Samuel 's and Lisa 's luggage into a car . they be on they way , kissing pinta goodbye . lisa I will call you from Detroit , baby . pinta you be go to miss mexican Halloween . the Day of the Dead . SAMUEL you enjoy it for we , pinta . Lisa give she a look . do not make this harder than it have to be . finally , pinta nod . creasy wait quite a discreet distance away by the mercede . she step over , stop to wave goodbye one last time , then get in back . as creasy shut the door . int . mercede - mexico CITY road - day creasy drive , glance in the mirror at pinta in the back seat . she wipe away a tear just as it form . creasy they will be back in a week . pinta they can stay for two week . I do not care . she 's get a toughness creasy like . as she look out the window , he look ahead . work in progress 2/10/03 39 . int . kitchen - ramo villa - day creasy eat . creasy the food be excellent , Maria . you have a real talent . Maria beam with pleasure . maria my pleasure , creasy . pinta enter in a red satin devil' outfit . she look a bit forlorn as she sit at opposite end of the table from creasy . as she stare at she plate , creasy start to laugh at what a odd sight she be . all dress up and no place to go . wrong move . pinta stand , march out of the room . as Maria and creasy exchange a look ... ext./ int . window - ramo villa - day pinta the devil stare sadly out here window . then there it be ! the macaw . sitting on the opposite roof . ext . attic window - ramo villa - day pinta push it open , climb out onto the slope of the roof . this do not look like such a good idea . as she cross , disappear over the peak . it 's a game of catch I if you can . ' Bird ' look at pinta right in the eye . she gingerly move closer . the bird move away , just out of she reach each time . chimney pinta come down the other slope . there 's the macaw . pinta come on . come on . Bird ! the fourth time pinta 's finger be centimeter away . she reach and suddenly slide along the slick tile cover this section of the roof . Frank 's in the yard bark loudly . near the edge , she manage to stop . whew ! she scramble up a few foot . a tile snap off . she slide again . this time right off the edge . work in progress 2/10/03 40 . she catch the rain gutter . hang thirty foot above the ground . a concrete landing below . as the gutter creak : int . kitchen - day pinta' voice creasy ! creasy be on he foot , out the door in a heartbeat . ext . side yard - day creasy dash around just as the gutter drop on one side . pinta drop ten foot , jerk to a stop as the gutter stop , then drop the last twenty foot ... ... landing in a hedge . creasy dash over . creasy pinta ! she 's in a lot of pain , but move she arm and head . Frank 's lick she face . pinta it hurt . creasy where ? pinta ( short ) everywhere ! she put she hand to the leave side of she rib . creasy carefully probe with he finger . she wince . creasy I do not think they be break . anywhere else ? pinta my ankle . as Maria huff and puff she way up . creasy I be go to get you out , okay ? pinta nod . creasy ease he arm under , around she , lift she out as gently as possible . she disappear in he arm . work in progress 2/10/03 41 . pinta oh , creasy ... and she burst into tear . Maria look up at the thirty foot fall . begins to cross herself . creasy it 's okay . she 's just scared . creasy cradle she , pat she back . as pinta say he name like a mantra ... int . HOTEL room - detroit - night Lisa on the phone . fantastic in a black evening dress . the Ford car industry dinner await she entrance . lisa you be sure she 's alright ? Samuel enter from the bathroom , concern on he face . lisa okay , good , you be sure . ( to Samuel ) he take she for a x-ray , but it 's just a bruise and a sprain . she turn she back so Samuel can zip she dress up . lisa thank you , creasy . give she my love . int . staircase - ramo villa - night creasy make he way up , enter ... pinta' bedroom pinta in bed propped up by a pillow , teddy bear beside she . Frank at the head of the bed . pinta the night you arrive , Mom ask you if you have a family and you lie , do not you ? creasy White lie . I do not have a family . but I do have two kid . they be adult now . it 's a sensitive subject so pinta move on . she nod . creasy look at the bear . a odd beat . work in progress 2/10/03 42. creasy do you always sleep with he ? pinta I be too old for he . do not tell my friend . creasy I do not talk to they much . do he have a name ? pinta think just a beat , then shake she head ' no ' . liar . creasy I speak to you mother . she send she love . pinta nod . creasy stand there a beat , then head for the door . almost out , he look back . creasy some bodyguard I turn out to be . good night , pinta . he 's halfway out the door . pinta creasy ? could you play the song ? creasy be confuse a moment , but when he see she open window , he realize . creasy Blue bayou . you get it . he go . as pinta ease back with a sigh and a smile ... ext . mercede - ramo house - day pedro the ' car wash guy ' put the finish touch to the mercede . use crutch , pinta hobble over . creasy open the back door for she . but when she get there , she hesitates . pinta I think I will sit in the front . there 's more room for my foot . creasy make no big deal of it . he take she crutch , open the front . as she scoot inside ... Frank wait and watch . creasy call to he . work in progress 2/10/03 43. pinta he 's only allow to travel in the car on weekend . dad say the car will smell ' doggie ' . int . mercede - rolling - day both of they up front . pinta be happy to be there and creasy do not seem to mind . creasy do you sleep alright ? pinta yes . creasy how 's the ankle ? can you put you weight on it ? pinta it 's not too bad . will it take a long time before it 's better ? we big swim meet be in three week . interschools . I be go to swim in the one hundred meter freestyle . creasy in a week you should be fine . they drive on a few silent beat , until ... pinta do not matter . I always finish second . creasy you need to practice . pinta look at he hopefully , but creasy catch himself . he 's not go to coach a little girl . finally ... pinta I will . int . kitchen - ramo villa - evening Gomez , Maria and creasy again join by pinta . as creasy place a fork of meat into he mouth ... pinta creasy , what 's a concubine ? creasy open he mouth , take the fork of meat back out . work in progress 2/10/03 44 . creasy why do you ask ? pinta it be in a book at school . concubine . Maria and Gomez wait to see how he will answer . creasy well , it 's a sort of wife . pinta but the Emperor of China have 1000 of they ! how can that be ? creasy in the West , it 's one wife for one husband , but different culture have different rule . pinta it must be difficult have lot of wife . creasy you feel sorry for the husband ? pinta ( in Spanish ) yeah . can you imagine my mother multiply by a thousand ? Maria and Gomez burst out laugh . so funny that creasy smile . pinta light up at the sight . a huge victory . pinta creasy , you be smile . he revert to a frown . now pinta burst out laugh . and creasy can not help but smile again . creasy I guess I be . pinta change subject . pinta so how come you know so much about that country ? creasy I have to do my homework on they when I work there . also I enjoy history . work in progress 2/10/03 45 . pinta what do you do in Asia ? be that where you meet the man with cigarettes ? creasy no , that be in Columbia . CUT to : gomez humming to himself as he brushes the leave out of the empty swimming pool . CUT to : cu of a water faucet unload 100 gallon a minute . a man' hand . black . raise up against the blue sky . like a kid play Cowboys and Indians . the finger pull a imaginary trigger . ramo pool in she swimsuit and cap , pinta crouch in makeshift start block . creasy bang ! pinta take off . splashes into the water . not to creasy 's satisfaction . creasy no , no , come back . pinta turn in the water , look back at he . creasy you do not flinch when a gun go off ; you react . you go . do not listen for the sound ; do not anticipate it . concentrate on the sound itself . pinta I do not understand . creasy do not worry . you will . creasy point at the block . pinta get out of the water . work in progress 2/10/03 46 . shiver , creasy throw a towel around she and rub she down . int . mercede - rolling on the way to school . pinta be steal look at creasy 's right hand . she know the answer must be serious , but she have to ask . pinta creasy , what happen to you hand ? creasy look at she a moment , decide . pinta practically hold she breath , watch he , know the answer may come . creasy check the mirror , watch the road . creasy a man ask I question once . he smoke a lot . there be no ashtray . that 's it . end of explanation . creasy continue watch the road . pinta watch he . creasy remember you ask I what state I be from ? pinta yes . creasy where you be from be not so much about geography ; it 's about event . where you be from be what happen to you . pinta good thing happen , too , creasy . ( smile big ) like meeting I . creasy ( after a beat ) I guess that really do make I a hard case . as the two of they share a laugh ... int . 3rd floor hallway - ramo villa - night Lisa walk toward creasy 's room . as she move to knock , she see the door be ajar , hear voice . she peek in . work in progress 2/10/03 47 . creasy and pinta sit on the floor , pencil , papers and a book spread out before they . do she history homework . lisa be Pov - of creasy he 's charming and great with pinta . and sexy ... Evelyn be right . pinta do you have a girlfriend , creasy ? creasy no . pinta do you use to ? creasy yeah . two or three . Lisa continue to watch the little play . she smile , knock on the door as she open it . pinta and creasy both look back over they shoulder . lisa creasy , tomorrow , after you drop off pinta , could you come back to take I to get my hair do ? creasy nod . they both continue to look at she . she get the feel she 's interrupt . lisa alright , I will leave you two to you history . as she go ... ext . hairdressers - zona rosa - day Mexico City traffic be heavy . Cars and people . creasy stand by the car across the street . cool he heel . he can just catch a glimpse of Lisa in the shop . suddenly the traffic seem to finish , expend itself . the street go ominously quiet . creasy 's antennae go up . a police car come prowling down the empty street . creasy make eye contact with the guy up front . then , creasy spot a businessman come out of a doorway with a bodyguard attach . the bodyguard be speak into a two - way radio . work in progress 2/10/03 48. creasy 's sixth sense tweak as a mercede 500 pull up to collect the businessman . and the cop car disappear around the corner even as two men start toward the businessman . Lisa exit the hairdresser 's . look stun . creasy start across the street toward she . a second car squeal around the corner behind the mercede and everything go to Hell . gunfire erupt . and then creasy be there . his arm around Lisa 's waist , sweeping she off she foot . the next thing she know she flatten on the ground in a shop doorway , creasy on top of she . shield she . the bodyguard beside the businessman be kill . the body guard in the mercede trade a full magazine before he 's shot . a pedestrian be kill . liza scream as the glass above and behind they shatter . the businessman be hustle into the back of the second car . Lisa see the gun in creasy 's hand . she hear the slamm of the car door , the screeching of tire . a park van also haul ass out of there . but then she 's aware of something else . creasy on top of she . she feel he weight , he heat ... creasy do not move . she watch as he rise , go to the curb . one bodyguard be sprawle dead across the ground . Red blood on the sidewalk . as Lisa close she eye . int . mercede - STREET - day Lisa sit in the backseat . through the window we can see creasy wrap up he statement to a member of the judicial police . finally he get in the car , start to drive . work in progress 2/10/03 49 . lisa murdering people in the street ... you have you gun , why do not you shoot they ? the shoulder in front of she just shrug . creasy nothing to do with I . or you . besides , there be another one in the passenger side of the van with a saw - off shotgun . if I would start shoot he friend , he would have have I . and you . quiet a beat . Lisa pull a sliver of glass from she hair , look from it to creasy . creasy a minimum close protection team consist of four man for high threat target and environment . even in a low threat situation , you need two guard plus a security train driver . she shake involuntarily . it 's hit she . as they make eye contact through the mirror ... ext . highway underpass - mexico CITY - day the mercede park . creasy and Lisa up against it . Fucking . no culture way to put it . like animal . a primal release for both of they . ext . courtyard - pinta' school - day pinta wait alone . creasy 's late . then the gate swing back ; the mercede drive through . smiling , she hurry over , hop in the passenger seat . mercede - rolling pinta ( happy to see he ) you be late . creasy I be sorry . pinta you be never late before , I be worried . creasy do not answer . he actually look guilty . pinta watch he a moment . work in progress 2/10/03 50 . pinta where 's my mother ? creasy I drop she at home . pinta it 's no wonder you be late . why do not she just come with you ? creasy do not answer , just grunt . pinta keep look at he and it suddenly all make sense . he look over at she , start to say something , then think better of it . finally ... pinta do you think my mother like you ? she 's for sure piss . definitely aware and definitely jealous . creasy 's a bit amaze , not sure how to respond . creasy I think she 's afraid of I . but not the same way most people be . pinta consider this . then .. pinta I be not afraid you , creasy . creasy I know you be not . pinta be you afraid of I ? creasy look at she , almost like he 's decide . creasy I use to be . at first . but not anymore . her smile be huge . pinta good . ext . garden pool - ramo villa - day heated . steam rise off the water . pinta stand with she eye close . creasy , stand beside she , bring two block together with a whack ! work in progress 2/10/03 51 . pinta flinch at the sound . she open she eye , shrug a apology at he . creasy frown , shake he head . pinta close she eye again . he start walk around she . Frank oversee the whole program . creasy the gunshot hold no fear . say it . pinta the gunshot hold no fear . creasy you welcome the sound . the sound be what let you go . the sound be what frees you . you be a prisoner in that block until you hear the sound . eye close , she 's drift off with he voice . and creasy whack they together right in front of she face . pinta smile at the sound . creasy smile at the sight . ext . ramo pool - day whack ! pinta bolt from the block . splashes . whack ! whack ! whack ! pinta surge . pinta arc . pinta knife into the water . pinta touch the far wall of the pool , the finish line . creasy check he watch , clap . pinta I be tough , creasy . I be tough as you . creasy there 's no such thing as tough . you be either train or untrained . pinta raise she arm overhead , make like Rocky across the shallow end . creasy shake he head in amusement . int . lisa' bedroom - dawn first light be just trace outline against the window . Lisa alone in bed , stare at the ceiling . frightened at what she 's feel . CUT to : creasy sleep , look sexy . work in progress 2/10/03 52 . ext . courtyard - ramo house - day as the mercede pull in , another car be ahead of it . Samuel be home , a driver pull he luggage from the trunk . pinta get out of the mercede . pinta hi , dad . he give she a pat on the head . simultaneously , Samuel fix creasy with a look , stride purposefully over . he thrust out he hand , shake creasy 's . SAMUEL I want to thank you , creasy . for what you do for my wife . creasy want to choke , but he just nod , look past Samuel to pinta who look bemuse . he do not even want to know exactly what she know . the car wash guy , - pedro , ingratiate himself with Samuel . int . creasy' room - night creasy 's finger press play . " Blue bayou " begin . plaintive , haunt . as he move to sit in he chair , he pass the scotch bottle . it have go unopen . he eject the shell from the breach of the 'mm , smoothly catch it on the back of he hand . rock steady . Frank 's tail wag . int . pinta' room - night where the song drift down . pinta smile , close she eye . now she can go to sleep . int . lisa &amp ; SAMUEL be room - night Samuel make love to he wife . but Lisa look past he , through the wall and floor to where that song play . linda ronstadt I be go back someday , come what may , to Blue bayou . work in progress 2/10/03 53. int . creasy' room - night cu of creasy . dissolve to : ext . parking lot - municipal pool - day the big swim meet . Race day . a lot of security , man speak into they wrist . for a public gather the mood almost seem ominous . creasy and pinta exit the mercede . pinta watch wistfully as she fellow student stream toward the water with they parent . pinta what 's so important in Los Angeles ? creasy you father have business . pinta why today ? and why would she have to go with he ? creasy shrug . no comforting answer for she . he look around at some of the other bodyguard . creasy good luck . I will be wait here when you be do . but she 's shaking she head adamantly . determined . pinta you be come with I . ext . swimming meet - municipal pool - day a big marquee have be set up alongside the pool . coltish girl in swimsuit . Parents socialize , drink cocktail . richly dress . bodyguard and security be outside of it , on the perimeter . creasy look completely out of place . pinta stand near the finish line . pinta start away . creasy pinta . she turn , look back at he . work in progress 2/10/03 54 . creasy the block . pinta ( smile ; know ) I be a prisoner in they . until the gunshot set I free . creasy nod . he smile . he 's serious now . as he watch she head off for the track , sister Anna step up . sister anna Mr. creasy , nice to see you . and now creasy be completely out of place . creasy ( apologetic ) pinta 's parent be in Los Angeles . I be go to wait in the courtyard , but ... she take he arm , pat he hand . sister anna today you be she father . as creasy let this sink in , look out where pinta be warming up . sister Anna smile , head off to a group of parent . we be leave with creasy . confused creasy . but clarity be creep in . as the sky open up around he ... CUT to : starter' pistol point up at precisely 45 degree . baaaangg ! starting block eye close serenely , pinta surge forward , leave everyone behind . creasy see it . she have not even hit the water and he already know she 's win . pinta splash ! ten meter in before she break the surface . her head sweeping leave and then right . work in progress 2/10/03 55 . wherever she competitor be , it 's somewhere behind she . and the future , everything ahead , be wide open . turn wall - underwater pinta somersault , kick off and be go . surface and the finish line seem to come to she . the crowd cheer enthusiastically as she reach the finish wall . creasy watch she , satisfied with what he 's do . pinta haul herself out of the water and run . a beeline for creasy . and the poor fucker do not even understand , until she 's leaping the last few foot ... into he arm . pinta I win , creasy ! I win ! she love he ... creasy hug she . he love she back . int . traditional restaurant - mexico CITY - night a mariachi band roam . we see creasy but not who he 's with . a date ? as we come around it 's pinta . sitting with they , rayburn and he wife . and a sleep four - year - old . note : rethink follow dialogue with reference to creasy / rayburn background . pinta my dad say all you friend be dead . rayburn all but one . the most important one . when we be eighteen , we make a agreement to " take the world " together . creasy then one day , he call and say , ' I be in love and I be move to Mexico . ' I say what happen to the plan ? work in progress 2/10/03 56 . rayburn I say the plan be right here . rayburn look at beautiful 19 - year - old alicia and they four- year - old son sleep . creasy I hang up on he . when I meet alicia , I get it . alicia blow creasy a kiss . creasy can I kiss she now , or after you have go to bed ? laughter . pinta okay , I think now be as good as time as any . she take out a velvet pouch from she pocket . she hold it out to creasy . he look at she , take it from she hand . his thick finger fumble with a delicate drawstring . pinta wait for he reaction as creasy pour a simple , but fine medallion and chain into the palm of he hand . pinta I buy it with my own money . I save it . creasy be really affect , try to hide it . she take it , slip it over he head . pinta it 's St. Jude , the patron saint of lose cause . rayburn and hard case . creasy 's the reason St. Jude become a Saint in the first place . pinta yeah , that 's right . creasy look at it , consider . creasy thank you , pinta , it 's beautiful . work in progress 2/10/03 57 . pinta kiss he . as the mariachi band drift over , rayburn grab he wife by the hand . rayburn come on , baby . I feel like a third wheel . watch the kid . they dance . a waiter step over , refill creasy 's water glass . as he drink ... pinta could I ask you a question ? creasy could I stop you ? pinta you do not drink like you use to . creasy that 's not a question . pinta I know because I go in you room and check the bottle . creasy still not a question . pinta my mom drink , too ... why do people drink , creasy ? creasy now that 's a question . I do not know about you Mom . for I , the problem be not in the glass . the problem 's in between my ear . pinta you think too much ? creasy yeah . because at one time , I do not think enough . pinta nod , think she understand . int . airport - mexico CITY - day Samuel and Lisa on the move escalator . Home from Los Angeles . they look down through the glass , see creasy wait for they below . and finally , Lisa frown . work in progress 2/10/03 58 . lisa he have to go , Samuel . SAMUEL what ? who ? lisa creasy . SAMUEL why ? you be so pleased with he . lisa pinta like he too much . ( a beat ) she think of he as a father . SAMUEL that 's ridiculous . lisa it 's not . Samuel think about it , be almost apologetic . SAMUEL I have just be so busy , Lisa . lisa he have to go . Samuel look at she , wonder at she adamancy . SAMUEL the three month trial end in a week . I just will not confirm the position . that possibility be understand when I hire he . Lisa give he a look . she want it do today . but for once , Samuel be stronger than he wife . SAMUEL I will not create bad feeling . and another week will not make a difference . off the escalator , they turn toward creasy wait unaware . SAMUEL it will be a hard break . lisa she 's young . she will get over it . work in progress 2/10/03 59 . SAMUEL I be not think of pinta . as Lisa look over at Samuel , he 's reach out he hand , smile big . SAMUEL creasy , how be you ? as they shake hand ... int . sitting room - ramo villa - day pinta I do not want to play piano ! I want to swim ! SAMUEL no discussion , pinta . Mr. lozzi be a famous teacher . if he accept you , you will play . as pinta march out of the room ... ext . ramo villa - day the sound of Samuel 's baby grand resonate throughout the villa . a impassion rendering of a mozart symphony . pinta be look for Frank . today be Saturday and on weekend Frank be allow to travel with they . and today she be claim all she rights . pinta Frank . frankie . pinta whistle . creasy pinta , we have get to go . Travel suck at this time . pinta Frank . frankie . int . mercede - rolling - day creasy drive . pinta look noble and brave . creasy that 's strange . Frank be a no-show . not like he to miss a ride . work in progress 2/10/03 60 . pinta ( distant ) you should break all my finger , creasy , then tape they back together . I will not be able to play the piano , but I could still swim . creasy do not be a baby . you be tougher than that . pinta there 's no such thing as tough , creasy . just train and untrained . creasy ( smile ) then be train . pinta I be go to keep people safe someday . just like you . creasy be a swimmer . pinta I could do it . remember the day you want the pencil ? I know why . and I see that car again . I write the license number in my notebook . except I miss the last number . creasy check he mirror , nothing back there now . he then look at pinta . a bit amaze . creasy you will have to show I that number when we get home . ext . via buenos aire - mexico CITY - day a wide avenue . the mercede pull up park in the only open spot . creasy and pinta get out . we walk she across the street , along the lawn to the apartment building . they look up at the sound of piano key tinkling above . then : creasy look at she , smile to himself . pinta look back . creasy continue to play in the wrong key , like you be dyslexic . work in progress 2/10/03 61 . pinta dyslexic ? creasy like St. Jude . a hopeless case that have a complete block about ' C ' minor . but remember , " whoever resist authority will bring judgement upon themselves . " New Testament , Roman 13 . pinta you get that right . creasy you will be back in the water in twenty - four hour . creasy press the buzzer . as they wait , pinta see something , reach down to pull a dandelion from a crack where the sidewalk meet the wall . she smile at creasy . pinta for you , creasy . creasy take it from she . he 's save by the bell as a second buzzer answer the first . creasy pull the door open . pinta heave a resign sigh . creasy remember ' dyslexic . ' as pinta nod , disappear inside ... dissolve to : 2nd floor window the curtain rustle in the breeze . the sound of badly play scale . and then sound of frustration . then , the sound of the teacher play . pinta appear in the window for just a moment . creasy look up from the window of the mercede . as pinta be call back inside , creasy check out , twirl the dandelion pinta give he . hum to himself . " Blue bayou . " CUT to : work in progress 2/10/03 62. the STREET creasy lean against the mercede . traffic pound by . the dandelion be stick in a button hole of he shirt . and then suddenly traffic thin out . reminiscent of the previous two kidnapping . it 's a process . creasy straighten up . a judicial police car cruise by , slowly . creasy make eye contact with the two cop up front . the same guy who be at Zona Rosa . creasy start across the street toward the apartment building . at the same time as ... the door bang open . pinta exite . she spot creasy , a huge grin on she face . she be not accept . and a white toyota corolla come the other way . the police car reverse back , cut creasy off from pinta . the cop get out , big smile on they face . the corolla slide to a stop in front of pinta , block she path to creasy . and as two men leap out from the backseat ... creasy ( draw he 9 mm ) run , pinta , run ! but she 's roote with fear . and the man be almost on she . creasy raise the 9 mm overhead . bang ! and the sound frees she . pinta run ! ducking under a flail arm . Quick and lithe . try to reach she bodyguard . the cop draw uzi 's .. creasy plant himself , the sig sauer now level . he fire twice into cop one , dead center in the chest . pinta run . chase by the two men . cop two return fire wildly : the mercede hit in a ten bullet line . work in progress 2/10/03 63. creasy fire two more round into cop two who 's hit high in the chest and throat . precise . creasy pivot , stride calmly forward , fire at the man chase pinta . boom ! boom ! boom ! man one go down , hit in the rib . a bullet slam creasy in the back , fire from inside the corolla . creasy fire back . boom ! boom ! man three fall dead , hit just below he nose , just above he tooth . the fat driver fire , now , and creasy be hit in the shoulder . and pinta disappear into the traffic . go . man two , who have abandon chase pinta , fire again . creasy drop the 9 mm as he be hit in the stomach . he fall to he knee . the dandelion start to come apart . drifting away , piece by piece . slack -jaw , creasy look about . see the fat driver heaving himself out of the corolla while man two scan for pinta who 's nowhere in sight . she get away ! creasy smile even as he crumple over on he side . pinta' voice creasy ! and pinta be back . running toward creasy . she can not leave he like this . she be safe and now she 's back . creasy nooo ... she run to he , wrap she arm around he . pinta creasy ... man two catch up , tear pinta away , start back for the sedan . creasy can only blink after they . pinta creasy ! work in progress 2/10/03 64 . it 's not a cry for help . it 's anguish for he . creasy pinta ... man two cram she in the back seat , follow . the fat driver get back in behind the wheel . as the door slam shut , wheel spin , grip and the corolla accelerate away . we just see pinta look back through the rear windshield . a anguish image before she 's pull back down . creasy make a wish . not for himself , but for she . creasy do not die , creasy , do not die . and everything go very , very , black sound break through first . the whir and beep of medical equipment . and we fade back into : int . hospital room - mexico CITY - day creasy hook up . tube run in and out of the unconscious man . and he 's suddenly surround . the chief of the judicial Police and several uniform officer . at the foot of the bed several newspaper reporter and photographer . chief this man , senor Robert creasy , a american citizen , be under arrest for the murder of two police officer , hector gonzalez and Pablo lunara . he be also the prime suspect in the kidnap of pinta Martin Ramos . one of the officer prop up creasy 's head . the chief puff he chest out and flash flash . int . ramo villa - basement - day sound of a dog barking bruno open the door to a very distraught Frank . someone have lock he in there . CUT to : work in progress 2/10/03 65 . lisa sitting catatonic . in the dark . halfway to mourn already . a hubbub drift up from the room below . int . sitting room - ramo villa - mexico CITY - day a bedraggle - look Samuel sit with Jordan by the phone . a insurance company lawyer be here as well . Maria cry softly in a doorway . montage - of chaos and panic . judicial police be try to set up shop . tape recorder . listen device . video camera . jumpcut : lawyer when do he say he would call back ? cut to do not tell they you have a kidnap policy . cut to they usually ask for three time the amount they expect ... they react as two vehicle pull up outside . Chaos as the front door open . men in suit , several policemen . they very well - groom leader be colonel tazinari . tazinari senor Ramos . I be ernesto tazinari , commandante of the judicial anti - kidnap division . jordan we do not need or want police involvement . I be the negotiator . we feel a better guarantee of get pinta back without you involvement . tazinari I have a write order from the Public Ministry . two police officer be kill . ( he hold up the phone ) this be the Attorney General Navarro bernal diaz . Jordan accept reality . they be take control . work in progress 2/10/03 66 . tazinari the law require a intervention by the authority " de officio . " a ringing phone sound like a bomb explode in the room . a technician answer . Jordan take the receiver . we hear the conversation . the kidnapper only want to talk to the father . everybody be one headsets , monitoring . Samuel listen carefully . Jordan prompt he with hand - write reply on a notepad . Samuel negotiate the amount via note from he lawyer . quick cut : SAMUEL it 's impossible . I can not afford thirty million . I will need to borrow the money . Samuel propose five million . kidnapper get angry . demand 20 million . CUT to : SAMUEL the reality be I do not have access to this type of money . they settle at ten million . the kidnapper give a list of instruction . CUT to : kidnapper two and a half million in two different bag . the bag you can get from save - on . Fifteen gallon , black canvas , divide the money equally . Samuel be on another phone talk to family friend ask if they will front a hundred thousand dollar each . which will be pay back by the k &amp ; R insurance in 45 day . CUT to : SAMUEL yes , I will give you interest . kidnapper I will instruct you on the exchange over the next 24 hour . work in progress 2/10/03 67 . Lisa be nowhere to be find . lock in she bedroom in darkness with Frank . end montage CUT to : int . entry lobby - hospital - day another showcase press conference . more reporter and now tv news crews . chief the girl be a mexican citizen . her father be Samuel Valencia Ramos . int . hospital hallway - window overlooking PRESS conference rosanna , the woman we see on t.v. earlier , stand watch and listen . incredulous and angry . miguel manzano the director of afi ( also see earlier on tv ) , approach with he two assistant and kiss rosanna on the cheek . rosanna a bodyguard be shot try to protect a 9 year old . the bodyguard 's american . not only that he 's black . manzano be that good or bad ? rosanna that 's good . really good . he shot and kill two judicial cop and a kidnapper die in the attack . they be say he 's responsible . Manzano look bemuse , as he eat a sugary pastry . rosanna head into the press conference . int . entry lobby - hospital - day reporter one beside the american in custody , be any other Americans involved in the kidnap ? chief we be look into it . rosanna can not believe what she 's hearing . work in progress 2/10/03 68. rosanna the two officer who be kill . record show they be off duty at the time . the Chief frown at the sight of rosanna , know what a royal pain in the ass she be . Manzano await he answer . chief I be not sure . all I know be they die bravely . he turn , point out another reporter . rosanna if they be off duty , why be they in a patrol car ? what exactly be they do at the scene of a kidnap ? he stare back over at she , furious . rosanna smile . rosanna be they know for they exceptional good luck ? chief they be know for they professionalism and integrity ! int . stairwell door - hospital - day it open and out slide rayburn . he look down the hallway . Press conference be still go down that way . rayburn head the other way . but as he try to enter creasy 's room , he 's meet in the door by two thug cop , in uniform . cop one no visitor . cop two poke a finger into rayburn 's chest . cop two who be you ? rayburn I be here to see my friend . cop two poke he again . goading he . cop two identification . work in progress 2/10/03 69 . rayburn swallow he anger , start fishing for he wallet . suddenly , the thug snap to attention . Manzano be on the way down follow by adjutant and two plainclothes . ignoring the proffer salute , Manzano finish he pastry , lick he fingertip as he regards rayburn . manzano when I hear it be this hospital I be so pleased . there 's a pastry shop nearby . delgado 's . do you know it ? rayburn shake he head . manzano the best pastry in Mexico . Manzano hold out he right hand . manzano ( cont 'd ) miguel Manzano . int . creasy' room - hospital - day creasy out of it still . rayburn and Manzano at the foot of the bed . rayburn he 's not a cop killer . manzano I be sure he be not . though he 's certainly adept at kill . rayburn he be do he job , protect the girl . if police be involved , you figure it out . I be here for he . manzano so be I . and creasy stir . rayburn lean into he friend , Manzano just behind he . rayburn you hear I , crease ? creasy 's eye slit open . rayburn ( cont 'd ) ( whisper ) you get three of the fucker . all dead . work in progress 2/10/03 70 . creasy pinta ... rayburn two day go . they be negotiate a ransom . manzano this thing take time , Mr. creasy . creasy close he eye . int . ramo house ( simultaneous ) technician , police , tazinari , Jordan , and Samuel all listen intently to the call . voice you have the money . jordan yes . voice ok , repeat the drop instruction . jordan the money , 10 million U.S. will be divide into two 15 gallon black canvas bag each contain five million which will be check at the bank by the k&amp ; R agent . then drive to the house in a armored car where it will be transfer to the delivery car . voice the car will not be powerful and have no trunk . intercut the above with real time visual illustrate the process : 1 . int . bank teller count the money witness by k&amp ; R agent . 2 . ext . bank two bag be load into the armored car . k&amp ; R agent watch . 3 . ext . ramo house - driveway two bag be transfer to the family mercede . the k&amp ; R agent notice the mercede have a flat tire . a second mercede be exchange for the first . work in progress 2/10/03 71 . the two bag be transfer inside the garage . Jordan supervise the transfer while the k&amp ; R agent take a income call . int . ramo house the call between the Voice and Jordan continue . jordan I need a driver to drive Samuel , the father . voice no . why ? jordan he have a heart condition . angina . he respond badly to stress . voice ok . you will arrive at Columbus Circle and reforma Avenue at 3am . you will drive around the square two time . Samuel will remove he shirt and hold it out the window to i.d. the car . ext . columbus circle - 3 am the delivery car with a white shirt hold out of the window . voice ( v.o. ) there be a payphone on the Southeast corner . the phone will ring . you will answer and wait for instruction . Samuel exit the car and go to the payphone . the phone be ringing . Samuel pick it up and listen . int . ramo house - night jordan we need proof of life . pause . voice be the father , there ? Jordan hand the phone to Samuel . SAMUEL hello . work in progress 2/10/03 72 . voice if this girl 's life be as important to you as it be to I , do not play with the process . family be everything . I be a professional . you keep you word and I will keep mine . int . darkened hallway - hospital - night creasy be wheeled down the hall by a tough plain - clothed Federal policeman . follow by rayburn , Manzano , and rosanna . the uniform judicial police be powerless to stop they . rayburn what 's the deal here ? rosanna I would not gamble leave he here . this guy will kill he in a heartbeat ' while try to stop he from escape . ' ext . trunkless car - mexico CITY - night Samuel drive . tazinari dial he cellphone . SAMUEL he say no phone ! tazinari you do you job . I will do mine . ext . bridge of the aztec - night Samuel 's car be park on the south side of the bridge . a shirtless Samuel carry two large duffle bag contain ten million dollar across the bridge . we see tazinari again dial up he cell phone . voice ( v.o. ) leave the money in the trunk of the car with white paper tape to the windshield , then return to you car and go home . do not look back . Samuel find the car , leave the bag in the trunk , he turn and head back over the bridge . voice ( v.o. ) remember , I be a professional . if you keep you word , I will keep mine . if you do not , then God be with you child . work in progress 2/10/03 73. as Samuel be walk back across the bridge . suddenly gunfire from where he come , along with shouting and yell . Samuel crouch and run in the dark back to he car with tazinari . int . veterinarian's clinic - mexico CITY - day cage of mangy look mutt . pull back to reveal creasy on he hospital bed , ivs and all . rayburn sit nearby . he look up as creasy stir , wake again . creasy 's eye flicker to he friend , ask the first question on he mind . pinta ... rayburn look away , can not face he friend . and suddenly , creasy know . creasy she 's dead . be not she ? rayburn finally nod . and with that gesture , God take everything away . it might as well be the Old Testament . and we be about to get biblical . creasy turn he head , look up at the ceiling . rayburn it be a fuck up . someone hijacked the drop . the kidnapper , he nephew get kill . cu of creasy 's face with he back to the room . a thousand yard stare . his eye glaze over . flashback int . car - mexico CITY cu of pinta look up at creasy . the camera ramp into pinta 's smile . a small , but a sinificant moment in term of they connection . int . lisa &amp ; samuel' bedroom - day the curtain be draw tight . slivers of light illuminate the darken room . Lisa sit on the end of the bed hum a nursery rhyme . she rock gently . voice ( v.o. ) you betrayed I . you kill my nephew and take the money . k&amp ; R agent no , not we ... no we do not . work in progress 2/10/03 74 . voice ( v.o. ) remember my word . family be everything and do not play with the process . the phone line go dead . int . veternary clinic - day creasy still stare into space . rayburn she 's dead creasy . creasy blink away a solitary tear . int . veternarian clinic hallway - day dog bark constantly . Manzano walk the hall flanke by a doctor and a nurse . a second policeman , Manzano 's adjutant , bring up the rear carry two heavy binder . manzano she 's dead . they fuck with ' the process ' and he nephew die . doctor he suffer gunshot wound to the upper extremity , chest and abdomen . he have a collapse lung which be stabilize , injure he spleen , which we may have to remove and rupture he intestine . he 's on strict bedrest or there 's a good chance we could lose he . nurse a strange man . he have much experience of hospital . manzano do he say so ? nurse no . but a nurse know . CUT to : mugshot Manzano and the adjutant have pull chair up alongside the bed . the adjutant flip through one of the binder . each page hold a single mugshot . each time creasy shake he head , the adjutant flip to the next photo . work in progress 2/10/03 75 . manzano nothing ? creasy shake he head . manzano excellent work by the way . Three man dead . only ten round fire . creasy shake he head at the next shot . manzano if two of the man in my division could shoot like that , I could get rid of the other thirty - six . one of the dog start to bark . another . soon ten of they . the vet assistant enter , shout at they to quiet . Manzano ignore it , motion the adjutant to flip page . creasy what be I do here ? manzano believe it or not , you be safe here . the judicial police will kill you . if they can . ( be : book ) this page ? creasy no . the adjutant reach the last page . creasy shake he head . manzano you have a rather checker past . Mr. creasy . you interpol file be six page long . creasy be I a suspect ? manzano no . it would be convenient , but no . as Manzano pack up he mugshot book ... creasy show I mugshot of mexican policeman . maybe then we will get somewhere . work in progress 2/10/03 76 . manzano all this photo you just see be of policeman . sadly they be protect . La hermanidad . the brotherhood . Manzano head off . as creasy watch after he ... int . dog pens - night creasy sit on the gurney , rayburn button he shirt . rayburn ( whisper ) okay ? creasy nod . rayburn get creasy 's arm over he shoulder , ease he off the gurney till he foot hit the floor . creasy wince , but the two of they start to walk out . ext . back side - veterinarian clinic - night a suv roll away . light out , engine off . it coast a hundred yard before the engine turn over . rayburn behind the wheel . as it sweep past camera ... int . suv - rolling - night rayburn constantly check the rear view . no pursuit in sight . he look over at creasy . rayburn how do you feel ? creasy look over at he , finally shrug . creasy stomach 's go . but ... okay . rayburn I will get you up to the border . friend of mine will take you in to San Diego . Drop you right at the hospital . creasy 's not really listen . he 's be look in the passenger side view mirror . nothing back there . creasy sit up . a bit of a effort . creasy get a thing I gotta do first . work in progress 2/10/03 77 . ext . via buenos aire - mexico CITY - day scene of the crime . typical mexican ' roadside shrine ' where the policeman fall . a pyre of flower where pinta be scoop up , creasy 's blood still stain the sidewalk alongside . a car pull up ... rosanna guerrero get out with a reporter and photographer . she direct they in Spanish . the reporter start make note ; the photographer snap photo of the shrine . rosanna stand by the flower pyre . something catch she eye . a ball - up piece of paper and a half - burn candle beside it . as she pick it up , she spot something else . across the street , creasy walk . a awkward hitch in he stride . outside the apartment of the piano teacher , surveying the scene with experience eye . unaware of rosanna creasy ( flashback ) corolla . muzzle flash . pinta scream ... female voice creasy ... creasy wheel . there 's rosanna . rosanna a lot of people be look for you . creasy I guess that make you the smart one . rosanna we be interested in the same thing . I be write a story . creasy walk away from she . rosanna catch up and hold out a plastic ziploc . rosanna this might interest you . I find it across the street . creasy empty the content of the ziplock into he hand . a small ball of paper and the remain of a black candle . creasy unball the paper . it 's a photo . flash : creasy at the police station . his photo take . work in progress 2/10/03 78 . rosanna it 's Santa muerte . death worship . the religion of La hermanidad . there 's a curse on you . creasy it 's a little late . he hand it back to she , not interested . as he turn to go . rosanna what be you go to do ? creasy do not answer . rosanna I can help . I have a situation Mr. creasy . there be a brotherhood call Le hermanidad which protect both high rank government official , corrupt police , and organize crime at a level that be very difficult for I to touch . I believe you be a victim of this organization . you and this story may help to unmask they . creasy look carefully at rosanna . right now he trust no one . creasy thank you . he walk away towards rayburn . ext . ramo house - dawn the suv park a discreet distance away . rayburn grind out another cigarette , mutter to himself . int . creasy' room - dawn bruno let he in . nothing be touch . creasy retrieve he bullet from he shrine along with the ' Jack ' , marlboros , and New Testament . put he few possession in a bag . move with he as he silently cross out into the hall , head toward ... pinta' room he stand there a moment . his pain entirely he own . and then he go to pinta 's little desk , find she school notebook bury in a pile . he flip through it until he find ... work in progress 2/10/03 79 . the license plate number pinta jotted for he . then he notice the notebook be really a diary . every page reference she day to day relationship with creasy . " I love you creasy bear . " he hear soft footstep . creasy turn . Lisa stand in the doorway in she nightgown , she eye drilling through creasy . lisa ( softly ) you let they take she . she love you and you let they take she . creasy just blink at she as the word blast through he . lisa why be you here ? why do not you die ? creasy because ... ( shrug ) I be already dead . eye brim , Lisa have no more word . but creasy come bear cold comfort . creasy I want you to know something . ( a beat ) I be go to kill they . anyone who open they eye at I . Lisa do not answer , but the connection between they be suddenly monumental . finally , creasy look away . he pick up pinta 's batter , old teddy bear . lisa creasy ... he turn , but she do not look back at he . lisa kill they , creasy . creasy nod . he will . as he continue away ... lisa ( cont 'd ) kill they all . ext . garden / pool - ramo house creasy exit the house and stand by the pool . Frank appear tail wag and attempt to comfort creasy . work in progress 2/10/03 80 . leave blow across the surface of the water . underwater slow motion , a wall turn . it look remarkably like pinta . " Blue bayou " drift through the air . Soft , in the ether somewhere . creasy hear it , half raise he head . pinta' voice why Blue bayou , creasy ? be that where you be from ? she 's stand behind he . wearing the all too familiar one piece swimsuit , she towel she wet hair . creasy Blue bayou be a dream , pinta . like you . pinta ghost dream be beautiful , creasy - bear , but life be better . creasy ( smile ) why be you here ? pinta ghost I have to watch you now . close on creasy the word be a salve , a balm . he turn , look back over he shoulder . he 's all alone . int . suv - near ramo - mexico CITY - dawn rayburn look over he shoulder , see creasy walk down the street . clutch a teddy bear . creasy get in the car . rayburn drive . rayburn you will be stateside by suppertime . no answer . finally , as rayburn light a cigarette ... creasy I be go to need help , Ray . rayburn grind out the cigarette he just light , know what just be ask . creasy need help unleash a plague . work in progress 2/10/03 81 . rayburn fuck . look at you ; you will not last a day the shape you be in . unless you stop bleed you should have you spleen remove . creasy yes or no ? rayburn ( after a beat ) I will not kill again . hunt people . I give that up . anything else ? it 's yours . creasy reach into a pocket , hand rayburn a hand write list . rayburn read , he eye widen . rayburn Jesus , creasy . you be talk war . int . public swimming pool - mexico CITY the surface break as creasy enter the water wear a red T-shirt to hide the bandage . he begin a slow laborious stroke . a pale attempt at get back into shape . a ribbon of maroon trail he through the water . int . garage - suburb mexico CITY - night * rethink location * fluorescent flicker on . a fiat up on the hydraulic lift . a section of the garage be portion off by heavy steel sheet with a padlock door . one of the two man unlock it . creasy and rayburn enter . partition Three long steel table . cover with weapon . rayburn candy store . every town in Mexico have one if you know what door to bang on . creasy stop by the pistol . creasy I will take the .45 and the webley .32 . rayburn I know it 's old fashioned , but it 's reliable . like we . work in progress 2/10/03 82. next he 's look at grenade . he heft two different choice . creasy I need less than standard pack . can you knock up a case for fifteen of each ? he pick up a double barrel shotgun , check the line of it . he flick open the breach , snap it shut . creasy ( indicate ) cut the stock here . the barrel here . make sure you file it smooth . ( look around ) rocket launcher ? rayburn different door . not far from here . jump cut of the follow be load into a bag : .45 colt , ammo , clip , bodyarmor ( the kind you wear under you clothing ) , nightvision scope , a couple of flash - bang grenade , flex - cuff , a silent 9 mm beretta , a small shotgun , pepper spray , and four cellphone . CUT to : over telephone ringing ext . reforma PRESS build rosanna pick up phone . ext . phonebooth - reforma avenue creasy hold the card rosanna give he . creasy maybe I can help you situation and you mine . rosanna so where do we begin ? creasy I need the name and address of the owner of a Toyota corolla , license number me31704 ... we do not get the last digit so I need the ten possible match . rosanna so what do I get in return ? work in progress 2/10/03 83. creasy let 's see how the relationship develop . I will call you in the am . thanks . creasy hang up . int . afi operation CENTER - mexico CITY - day Manzano , rosanna , and technician be listen to voice analysis tape of various kidnapper . they be struggle . rosanna hand the piece of paper with the license plate number to Manzano . manzano he will die of he wound ; bleed to death before he can do anything . rosanna he sound strong to I . stronger than we be . rosanna pause . rosanna because he 's outside . because he 's not tie to the same system we be . manzano we do voice analysis of the last five high profile kidnapping , include the little girl . the same man ' the dreamer ' . listen to this . Manzano play back a recording of the kidnapper . voice " I use to run through the street of neza because I be scared of be fuck with . I swore one day I would cross the street walk . now I walk . " rosanna he 's protect by La hermanidad . manzano I know this . you point ? rosanna creasy be not a policeman . my sense be he could be very valuable to we . rosanna wait for a response . none . work in progress 2/10/03 84 . rosanna then what do you have to lose ? manzano it 's a moral issue . on one hand you be clean up the bad guy , but in another way we be feed the problem that produce bad guy . finally decide , Manzano turn , hold out he hand . as rosanna hand he the paper with the partial license write on it . , ext . apartment build - mexico CITY - day jorge ramirez , the 350 lb. driver who shot creasy in the shoulder exit . whistle to himself , get behind the wheel of a fiat 500 . unaware he 's be shadow by a man on a scooter . creasy . ext . fiat 500 - day as it come to a stop . jorge get out . we hear the scooter whine as jorge cross the street and enter a public build . ext . public build - day creasy watch and wait . time lapse of the building jorge exit the building still try to get the last button of he police uniform close . he 's a cop . he struggle to get behind the wheel of the fiat . the car be tiny . someone 's get in on the passenger side . as jorge start to protest , creasy ram a sig into he gut . at the same time , he take jorge 's gun from its holster . creasy drive . jorge ( incredulous ) do you know who I be ? creasy you be jorge ramirez . creasy jam he in the gut again . work in progress 2/10/03 85 . creasy drive . jorge start the engine . as he ease out into traffic . ext . cliffside - mexican CITY - day a car graveyard sit on top of a 300 foot cliff overlook a real tough barrio . gravel crunch under the fiat 's tire as it drive to the edge of a cliff . creasy' voice stop here . turn off the ignition . int . fiat 500 - day jorge do as he 's tell . suddenly the sig come down hard . whack ! as jorge 's vision explode ... int . fiat 500 - day still in the driver 's seat , jorge wake . the first thing he see be that he hand be tape to the steering wheel with he pudgy white finger expose . he be naked , reminiscent of the 18 year old in the open sequence . creasy can you hear I ? jorge nod , the pain in he head blind . creasy I be go to ask question . if you do not answer , fully and truthfully , you will suffer much more than you have to . creasy open pinta 's notebook to a blank page near the end . he click open a pen . creasy press in the car 's cigarette lighter . then he open a buck knife . jorge wince at the sound of the blade lock . creasy ( cont 'd ) I be go to cut you finger off . one by one . if I have to . the cigarette lighter pop back out . creasy that 's to cauterize the stub . work in progress 2/10/03 86 . Holy sweet Jesus ... sweat drip down jorge 's forehead . he try to master he fear . swallow dry . jorge do you know who I be ? creasy who be you ? jorge I be the President of La hermanidad . without warning creasy reach up with the buck knife , a flash of steel . the big man howl , he leave ear suddenly miss , start a epic struggle , practically break the wheel off the steering column . he be like a buck rhinoceros . he howl as creasy spray he face with pepper spray . ext . fiat 500 - day the passenger side door open and creasy stumble out . some of the pepper spray have get in he face as well . creasy wipe he tear eye . and then he turn . hefting the knife in he hand , he march back toward the car . jorge' voice no! no ! and then a terrible scream . blood squirt against the inside of the windshield . the car rock on its shock . and then another terrible scream . CUT to : jorge stare at the stump of he right forefinger , smoke rise up off it . creasy stick the lighter back in its hole . and creasy look at he , devoid of emotion . jorge wh- wh - what do you want to know ? it take a moment for creasy to come back . he pick up the pen and notebook . creasy the Ramos kidnap . how do it work ? work in progress 2/10/03 87 . jorge I do not know . we be just give instruction to take she . creasy order by who ? jorge hesitates . as creasy set the pen down ... jorge I do not know . creasy jerk back jorge 's middle finger , raise the knife . jorge ( a mile a minute ) I do not know ! we work in part . a voice call in a kidnap . we deliver the target to the guardian . we do not even know they . they might transfer to other guardian . the negotiator and the boss do not even see the target . they just make the deal ! creasy who order it ? jorge the cop call he ' the dreamer ' . creasy where do I find he ? jorge ( shrug ; terrify ) I do not know . no one know . close on creasy scream , as the knife come down . creasy toss the finger out the window , wipe some of jorge 's blood off he cheek . jorge I do not know , I swear . creasy ( after a beat ) I believe you . jorge ( cry ) I be professional . I just do my job . work in progress 2/10/03 88. creasy I , too . tell I about the guardian . jorge he call I on the cell phone to set a time and location for the switch . creasy who 's he ? jorge the one who transfer pinta to they car . flashbacks : see pinta be manhandle from the white fiat to the trunk of Grand Marquis . she have be bound and tape around the mouth and eye . creasy look like he will kill he on the spot . muzzle he sig into the palm of jorge 's right hand . creasy who 's he ? jorge I do not know , but I know he face . creasy cock the trigger . jorge I see he sometimes at the handball court in chapultepec on a Saturday afternoon . creasy how do I recognize he . jorge he have a tattoo cover two - third of he back . he be part of the Brotherhood . creasy in the next hour , where do I find you partner ? jorge one-one -three Arco Iris . third floor . creasy close the notebook , cap the pen . it 's over . ext . cliffside - mexican CITY - day a gunshot echoe over the barrio . creasy get out of the car , reach back to release the emergency brake . work in progress 2/10/03 89 . the fiat 500 go over the cliff . ext . via ARCO Iris - mexico CITY - day kid play soccer . one of they kick a errant pass . it skip down the street toward a approach creasy . the kid shout for he to kick the ball back , but he ignore they . as the kid curse he out , creasy enter 1 - 1 - 3... boom up alongside the building . a man step to a third floor window ... man two who stuff pinta into the car . his name be sandri . and we be inside . sandri ( italian immigrant ) put he cufflink through he shirt sleeve . wearing a shoulder holster . a satisfied smile as he look back into the room . at the bed . a 17 - year - old girl under the sheet . girl ( nod ) when will I see you again ? pull on he suit coat , sandri step to the door . he mime a pistol action with he forefinger and thumb . he open it to find himself stare square into the eye of creasy . he rest the twin barrel of the saw - off shotgun square against sandri 's chest . creasy her name be pinta . sandri register the name . creasy swing the shotgun down to sandri 's groin . ext . via ARCO Iris - mexico CITY BA - boom . a flock of pigeon explode out of the jacaranda tree . CUT to : blackness screen creasy' voice Roman 's chapter 13:21 . do not be overcome by evil , but overcome evil with good . there be no authority except from God . work in progress 2/10/03 90 . ext . public pool - mexico CITY creasy swim toward the far wall . as he roll , kick off , it 's pinta who emerge from the bubbles swim back the over way . pinta swim through the a maroon cloud filter through the water . CUT to : cu of pinta 's diary . creasy open it up . the bullet sit in the center crease . he thumb through the page stop on different day . pinta 's v.o. illustrate that page . ext . chapultepec park - day handball court . intense game with big money stake . a sea of criminal face cheer on the gladiator from the bleacher . it 's a close match . a 200 pound Guardian remove he T-shirt before serve . turn to reveal a huge tattoo across two - third of he back . creasy register he prey . ext . barrio sunset a small Russian Taurus crest a hill and descend into Hell . a frightening look barrio . burnt out car and dead dog line the sidewalk . creasy tail the Guardian on he mope into the center of a trash dump . the focal point be a semi-derelict church within a gated compound . we ' tattooe handball genius ' exit the Taurus . reaches in back for the grocery . int . guardia do seguidad - sunset a knock . guardian two step over , carry a pistol . he slide back a speakeasy slot to reveal we tattooe Guardian . guardian two hola ! ext . door - sunset Guardian one stand at the slot . creasy be press up against the wall out of sight . he hold the shotgun wrap in a rag beach towel . as the door unlock and open and Guardian one step in , creasy slide in right behind he . work in progress 2/10/03 91 . int . guardia do seguidad - sunset as the butt of the shotgun make contact with Guardian two 's mouth . blood spout as he front tooth be smashed in . as he raise he hand to he face , the pistol he hold discharge into the ceiling . Guardian one watch as creasy club he again in the head . frightened footstep run on the other side of a plywood wall . a female voice yell from the other room . creasy gauge they whereabouts . boom ! creasy fire into the wall . Wall explode . Guardian Three freeze mid stride . it 's a tough look woman in she 40' . int . grubby kitchen room - day the three guardian stand face the wall . hand bound with tape or cuffed . nake ( like we 18 year old ) other than they dirty skivvy . creasy hold up a picture of pinta . a i.d. picture take from she schoolbook . creasy tell I about the girl . all three look ... and with a strange defiant arrogance . guardian one who the fuck 's that ? boom ! boom ! creasy kill Guardian one . intercut the following : the two guardian each bound in two different room . both have they eye tape shut . creasy interrogates Guardian two . creasy how do it work ? guardian two everything on the cellphone . we wait for call . we have no number to call . creasy pick a cell phone up off the table , hit redial . it 's a block line . work in progress 2/10/03 92 . creasy who pay you ? guardian two we have a ATM bank card . we draw out 300 dollar every two week . creasy take the ATM card from Guardian two 's shirt pocket as he lie on the floor . creasy what 's the pin number ? guardian two the what ? creasy the number you use at the bank machine . guardian two four-seven -four-seven . creasy who kill she ? you ? guardian two no ! creasy do not lie to I . guardian two the boss do or he brother . creasy who 's the boss ? guardian two we do not know ! we never see he face ! we have to wait in the other room . he be scream to the girl that ... flashback : guardian Pov . hear the above . guardian two ...his nephew be kill in the exchange . and the money be steal . creasy what money ? work in progress 2/10/03 93. guardian two the ransom money . at the drop . he say tazinari , one of the policeman have take it . he be crazy . creasy who 's tazinari ? guardian two head of the antikidnapp division . flashback : guardian Pov . see the wall shake from a bodily impact .. boom ! creasy shoot Guardian two . guardian three ( female ) become a panicked whirling dervish at the sound . a moment later creasy be there . tearing the tape off she eye . creasy show I . int . 12 ' X 6 ' cell - guardia do seguidad - night the white tile room we see pinta hold in . the door open and Guardian Three lead creasy in . female guardian he be scream about the money and he dead nephew . he throw the little girl against the wall . the female Guardian point . creasy step over . there 's a smear of blood against the wall . female guardian she fall . she be not move . they throw she body in the trunk of the car and drive away . flashback : Guardian 's Pov through window . we glimpse through a dirty window , pinta 's body be put into a car trunk . creasy who ? who 's they ? female guardian the boss 's brother , I recognize he voice . it 's high pitch . we call he Woody woodpecker . work in progress 2/10/03 94 . creasy now listen to I . if you tell I where to find the boss . I will let you live . female guardian please . I do not know . and creasy stand there a moment . realize she be tell the truth . lose . and the sound that snap he out of it ... a girl crying . and creasy be suddenly move down ... the hallway after the sound . he kick open a door . there ! in a 8 ' X 4 ' room . a 12 - year- old girl . bound and blindfolded . flashcut : we think it 's pinta for a heartbeat , but it 's not . CUT to : ext . guardia do seguidad - night a window to the leave explode as the room be envelop in flame . the front door open , a weird sight . creasy exit hold both the 12 - year-old 's hand and the female Guardian who 's bound and blindfolded in she underwear . they walk straight at camera as flame shoot out of the roof . creasy have set the place on fire . creasy be on fire . and as they continue to walk towards we ... CUT to : black screen creasy' voice Roman chapter 13:7 . therefore whoever resist authority will bring judgement on themselves . now it be time to awake out of sleep for we salvation be nearer than we first believe . int . rosanna's office - newspaper build - night a telephone ringing . rosanna at she desk . she pick up the phone . rosanna rosanna guerrero . work in progress 2/10/03 95 . creasy' voice it 's creasy . rosanna where be you ? creasy' voice Los arco . be a little girl kidnap recently ? about twelve maybe ? rosanna last night . do you know something ? creasy' voice what be she name ? rosanna camila . camila valencias . ext . alleyway - across from newspaper - night creasy on the cellphone , the small Russian Taurus in the background . he stand outside the building still hold the little girl 's hand . she have the same lose look he do . female Guardian in the back of car . creasy camila . the girl look up at the name . creasy ( into phone ) I have get she . ext . ice cream stand - busy mexican CITY STREET - night creasy hand the girl a ice cream cone . he look over as rosanna hurry over from across the street . creasy put the little girl 's hand into rosanna 's . creasy I need something . do you have banking connection ? rosanna ( hesitates , then ... ) I have connection . creasy hand she the ATM card . work in progress 2/10/03 96 . creasy the pin number be 4 - 7 - 4 - 7 . I need to know whose account it be . rosanna notice the blood on creasy 's shirt . near he stomach . rosanna where do I find you ? creasy I will call you tomorrow . creasy look at the girl and start off , then look back . creasy what do you know about the cop ? tazinari . the one who make the ransom drop with Samuel Ramos ? rosanna he 's a old fashioned patrone with the worst reputation . he 's high on my hit list . creasy where do he live ? rosanna he life in a judicial compound . he travel by motorcade . he have better protection than George Bush . even more importantly he be part of La hermanidad . his reach be far and wide . creasy give I the address . note : the following scene should play at the burned out safehouse with rosanna . int . maniano' office - afi hq - night a beehive . cop . photo of dead kidnapper on the wall : jorge and sandri . sandri emasculate , one hand miss . jorge behind the wheel , finger stub and a miss ear . adjutant two in one day . and they die very badly . sandri and jorge be prime suspect in twelve kidnapping in the last six month . Manzano study the photo of jorge . work in progress 2/10/03 97 . manzano whoever do this be methodical , unafraid . be jorge 's mugshot in the photo we show creasy ? adjutant no , I check . but right after sandri be shot , a girlfriend of he be find naked , hysterical in the street . she say it be a man fitting creasy 's description who shot he . manzano Mr. creasy be , and maybe be again , a very lethal human be . adjutant you do not seem very surprised ? Manzano look at he adjutant , pleased with he perception . but he be not share . manzano what 's surprising this day ? a afi agent bring over a plate of red shred chicken . Manzano take a bite , moan in pleasure . manzano you sister ? only a virgin cook like this . agent ( laugh ) you man 's here . interrogation room two . CUT to : surveillance room see through a two - way mirror . Manzano watch as ... rayburn sit at a steel chair , bolt to the floor . rayburn 's eye be close . in meditation . then , slowly , he arm extend out to the side . Manzano be curious as , slower still , rayburn extend both hand out in front of he , palm up . must be a Zen thing . then , both middle finger be extend . with eye still close , rayburn mouth ' fuck you ' . Manzano burst a laugh . CUT to : work in progress 2/10/03 98 . interrogation room two rayburn open he eye , look over as Manzano enter . still eat , he hand rayburn a second plate of chicken . manzano pollo pibil . Chicken and chorizo sausage . hmmmh . they marinate it in lemon and orange juice . it 's a stew really . rayburn ( set it down ) I already eat . Manzano enjoy another bite , then ... manzano tell I about you friend creasy . rayburn you just say it . he 's my friend . nothing else to say . manzano I read the file . you and creasy have see quite a bit together . rayburn two tourist who never go home . manzano you help he get this job . rayburn that 's what friend do . manzano yes . but if I trace creasy to you , other will do it as well . they facility be as good as my own , if not better . rayburn I can take care of myself . manzano you and creasy both . a two man army accord to interpol . Panama . Lebanon with the druze . Desert Storm . where you be contract by the U.S. Army to hunt down elite iraqi military commander . ( laugh ) you two be a marry couple . work in progress 2/10/03 99 . rayburn the kind that get divorced , but still stay friend . manzano what happen to he ? what happen to creasy ? rayburn flinch at some bitter memory . rayburn none of you business . or mine for that matter . I get nothing more to say . manzano this be my jurisdiction . I want this man as much as creasy do . rayburn he will deliver more justice in a weekend , than ten year of you court and tribunal . so stay out of he way . manzano I plan to . I will even help he if I can . he 's go to lead I to the ' the dreamer ' . someone I want very badly . but I would like to understand he . give I that . rayburn pinta Martin Ramos be just a number to you . tragic , a public outcry , but a number . one more dead . manzano what be she to creasy then ? rayburn Light . at the end of a long , dark tunnel . somehow , she show he it be alright to live again . manzano and they take that away . rayburn a man can be a artist in anything . Stone , paint , word . food . anything if he soul be true to it . creasy 's art be death . and he 's about to paint he masterpiece . the word sink in . Manzano understand they magnitude . work in progress 2/10/03 100 . rayburn I ? I get jap businessman to drive across the border . so , if you will do I a favor and let I the fuck out of here ... ext . maniano' office - night frame commendation fall to the carpet as rosanna slam up against the wall of Manzano 's office . skirt up around she waist , Manzano move inside of she . between breath : manzano be it true ? creasy save the little girl that be kidnap yesterday . rosanna and leave three more dead man . she bite the heel of he palm to keep from cry out . manzano when you talk to he , do he look sane ? rosanna no . not by the rule of polite society at least . manzano I think he 's ... magnificent . as they both climax , press up hard against each other ... manzano ( smile ) you only fuck I to get information . rosanna ( smile back ) you only give information so you can fuck I . manzano a beautiful circle . he kiss she , turn on again already . rosanna let 's put creasy to press . there 's a vigilante clean up Mexico . a unstoppable hero . as Manzano consider this , like it , rosanna take the ATM card out from she bra . work in progress 2/10/03 101 . rosanna and as long as we be talk information , there 's something else as well . manzano ( as he take card ) I should start go for you tit first . ext . swimming pool - mexico CITY - day underwater as pinta swim . as she spin , kick off the wall , it 's creasy who come out the other side . a plume of red blossoming off he side . this be do over and over , faster and faster , closer and closer . the blood become darker , bigger . and we push into that blood until it 's finally obscure everything . ext . newsstand - mexico CITY - early morning a row of newspaper be set out . creasy 's face on the front page of every one of they . ext . neighborhood STREET - morning a quaint old Mexico neighborhood . we follow a long canvas bag be carry through the street . carry by creasy . toward the end of the street and a ground floor apartment . walk past a canary yellow coup deville , which have see better day . int . ground floor apartment - morning a elderly couple eat lunch . the husband look over at a knock on the door . he stand , answer it . creasy slide in , ease the door shut behind he . gun in hand . creasy I be not here to hurt you . I need to borrow you house and you car . be you the proud owner of the coupe deville ? ext . judicial compound - morning a military operation as tazinari be lead out to he car . two heavy gray sedan wait . tazinari get in the back of the second car with he aide -de-camp . the door be shut behind they . mercede the door close with a hermetic whump . the two car pull away toward the open front gate . work in progress 2/10/03 102. int . ground floor apartment - day creasy have just finish taping the old couple to two chair . creasy if you promise to speak softly and not to shout , I will not have to tape you mouth . the old man look to he wife , then back to creasy . nod . the old man watch as creasy open he canvas bag , pull out two metal tube that he screw together . it 's a rocket launcher . next he pull out a cone-shape missile . the old man be start to look curious . creasy do you know you have a dishonest policeman live in you neighborhood ? creasy depress the fin on the missile and slide it back into the tube . old man I know of you . you be the american . the bodyguard who 's kill the kidnapper . creasy do not answer , step into the center of the room . old man in the church , they say to forgive . creasy forgiveness be between they and God . it 's my job to arrange the meeting . creasy look back and forth between two shutter window and in a line to the wall with a household Catholic alter . Christ on the cross sit front and center . creasy do you have a old blanket you do not care about ? I do not want to burn that wall . int . ground floor apartment - day a figure rise , frame in the window . and pinta stand beside he . as she put she finger in she ear ... creasy look back over he shoulder , but of course she 's not there . work in progress 2/10/03 103. creasy fire the rocket launcher . a gout of flame erupt from the back . but creasy have hang a blanket on the wall . int . lead car - day eye widen as the first rocket streak toward they . the driver stand on the brake . the car explode , be obliterate really , from the inside out . ext . STREET - day tazinari 's car slam into the debris of the lead car and slide sideways against a wall wedge it in . Real tight . CUT to : creasy a ' man on Fire ' stride through the smoke and dust . a shotgun at he side and a molotov cocktail in he leave hand . without miss a stride he unload both barrel into the driver window . a scary prospect even though it 's bullet - proof . the light molotov explode beneath the car . silence . then a dull impact explosion . 30 foot of flame envelope the car . the driver and tazinari both prisoner inside they own car . the driver exit release a full clip from he uzi . creasy nail he with a single shot to the head . tazinari exit through the flame hand high in the air . CUT to : ext . bridge of the aztec underpass - mexico CITY - night there sit the canary yellow coupe deville . eye and mouth tape shut , hand and ankle bound by flex - cuff . tazinari stand there . creasy step up , pull the tape off tazinari 's eye . he look about , relatively calm consider . creasy you know where you be ? as tazinari try to process ... work in progress 2/10/03 104 . creasy under the bridge . where the deal go south . now why do not you tell I what go down ? creasy tear the tape off he mouth . tazinari do you know who I be ? I be the commandante of the judicial anti - kidnap division . creasy and one of the founding member of La hermanidad . tazinari correct ! creasy pull the buck knife from he pocket , flip it open . as tazinari react , creasy spin he round , slit he clothes up from ankle to neck . the cloth drop away , some hang at tazinari 's wrist . tazinari have a sudden loss of attitude . CUT to : Close up : tazinari hand be cuff flex and tie to side view mirror of the coupe deville . cut back to see tazinari , naked other than he calvin klein skivvy , spread - eagle across the grill of the car , butt forward ( reminiscent of ' the wood scene ' in deliverance ) creasy rip down he calvin . cu of tazinari 's face wince with either pain or extreme discomfort . creasy that 's not my dick . that 's the barrel of you own gun . shove up you own ass . as tazinari react ... creasy ( cont 'd ) .44 Magnum . now , how 's you hearing ? we hear the click of the trigger be cocked back . tazinari please , do not ... work in progress 2/10/03 105 . creasy it 's all up to you , commandante . tell I about you and ' the dreamer ' . creasy put a tape recorder on the hood and press the record button . tazinari I do not know he . I see the opportunity and get lucky . creasy lucky how ? tazinari that he use policeman . that you kill they , it make it a police matter . the Ramos family could not refuse we involvement . creasy and ? tazinari and I have my man ready . creasy you steal the drop . more flash : as we see this happen . Pov from opposite side of the bridge . Pov from the drop car . see the money drop get ambush by unknown face . ' the nephew ' get shot . the kidnapper run the show sound like Woody woodpecker , high pitch squeaky voice . creasy ( cont 'd ) you do it before ? tazinari do not answer . creasy give the Magnum a tweak . tazinari yes . many time . creasy o.k . so tell I more . tazinari there be no ten million dollar . creasy the ransom be ten . work in progress 2/10/03 106 . tazinari two and a half . that 's how much there be . creasy do not lie to I ! tazinari two and a half ! the rest be paper ! strip of paper ! flashback : tazinari , in he office , sifting through the paper . creasy maybe you man steal from you . tazinari no . whoever take the rest take it before the exchange . creasy who give the bag to Ramos ? tazinari his lawyer . Jordan kalfus . flashback : Ramos House . bag of cash be switch from the mercede with the flat tire to the 2nd mercede in the garage . see that Jordan do the switch , four bag on the floor . CUT to : as creasy think . tazinari have be stretch to he limit . tazinari that 's all I know ! please . I be sorry for the girl . but it be business ! I be a professional . creasy that 's what everybody keep say . creasy switch off the tape recorder and pocket it . relief for tazinari as the .44 be withdraw . creasy walk around the car tazinari now look like a naked hood ornament . butt first . work in progress 2/10/03 107 . ext . freeway emergency off ramp - day average speed 80 m.p.h . this be Mexico . creasy slip the clutch , jump out , and the coup de ville kangaroos forward down the ramp . gather momentum into the oncoming traffic . tazinari scream right on impact . int . frank lloyd wright ' knock off ' - mexico CITY flambouyant , beautiful 16 - year- old boy with a black eye and bloody nose . Jordan 's boyfriend . terrify and in tear run down the hallway . creasy follow . CUT to : int . swimming pool - day a huge maroon cloud cover the center of the pool . in the middle of the cloud be Jordan face down float on the surface dress in he beige linen suit . underwater close up of Jordan face down . we glimpse what we do not want to see . Black hole where he eye and mouth be . his ear miss . creasy not terribly impressed . just piss that he 's late . creasy on a cell phone talk to rosanna creasy another favor ... get I banking info on Jordan kalfus . U.S. deposit or withdrawals . thanks . oh , get I the same on Samuel Ramos . rosanna how do I contact you ? we still do not have the ATM info . creasy you do not , I will call you . oh ! I have a tape recording that I be sure will interest you . ext . municipal pool - mexico CITY - day creasy do lap . he swim the last few meter underwater . as he surface , pinta wait by the edge . she nod in grim satisfaction . work in progress 2/10/03 108. he be not do well . the cloud of deep red emanate from he stomach envelope he whole body . int . dine room - evening Samuel eat dinner silently . Lisa just stare into space , nursing a vodka . even great marriage cannot survive the trauma of kidnap and subsequent death . the door open and they expect to see Maria with the desert . creasy enter and sit at the table like a dinner guest . creasy ( to Samuel ) I be go to talk to you wife . if you move or say one word , I will kill you . he take a colt Officer model .45 semi-automatic pistol out of he waistband and lay it on the table in preparation for something , we do not know what . he turn to Lisa . creasy I be go to tell you a story . you lawyer be dead . someone do not want he talk . last week he wire $ 2.5 million into he U.S. bank account . Colonel ernesto tazinari be also dead . he hijacked the ransom drop , another $ 2.5 million . if my arithmetic be correct it mean $ 5 million remain . creasy look to Samuel . creasy you husband magically have five million deposit in a U.S. bank account last Friday . Lisa 's eye never leave creasy 's ... try to discern whether this be true or not . creasy they plan it , Samuel and kalfus . lisa plann what ? work in progress 2/10/03 109 . creasy a autosequestra . kalfus arrange for pinta to be take to a safehouse . I be sure he think she would sit there for three day eat pizza and watch tv . it do not work out that way . everything get fuck up when I kill the cop and tazinari see a opportunity . Lisa scream . creasy gesture with a finger to he lip . creasy on the surface it be low risk and high return . this be the third autosequestra Jordan have organize for client . the other two succeed . Samuel look to Lisa . SAMUEL we lifestyle be in jeopardy . my pain and weakness only fuel you anger and determination . I be not sure about whether to go through with it or not . then I wake up one day and it be do . ( beat ) Jordan be suppose to take care of it . through all of the above , creasy remove the special bullet hold in the seam of he wallet . the misfire . he empty the other cartridge from he gun . Lisa suddenly attack Samuel in a violent , emotional outburst of tear , scream , and rage . drawing blood from he nose and upper lip . Samuel smother Lisa 's arm beneath he . he appear strong and decisive for the first time . creasy very carefully take the bullet , put it into the magazine and chamber the round . he look into Samuel 's eye . creasy a bullet do not lie . a bullet tell the truth . and the truth will set you free . creasy hand Samuel the gun . creasy in many way I think this bullet should be share between you and Lisa . work in progress 2/10/03 110 . creasy exit the room . Samuel kiss Lisa on the forehead and exit onto the terrace . a gunshot . int . dine room - night Lisa just sit . where will she find air to breathe ? ext . mexico CITY - night life move on with its brutal inevitability . this be a river whose course can not be alter . pinta' voice from the backseat I can see creasy 's eye in the mirror . he watch and think . he never smile . I wish I be back in the front seat with he . I wish he would smile . creasy look up from the notebook and out at the city . and a smile come . but it 's bitter and hopeless . it 's half grief , half not know where to go next , what to do . and he 's die . he know that too . creasy dial a number on a cell phone . creasy hola ... rosanna's voice creasy . CUT to : close on rosanna Inside somewhere . rosanna I trace the pin . I have a address for you . but I need to see you . creasy I show , you give I the information ? rosanna deal . creasy where ? work in progress 2/10/03 111. int . afi operation CENTER - night back on rosanna . we see she 's sit in the afi Operations Center amongst technician , surveillance and listen device , and Manzano . we can hear the interior of a family house , kid , a frustrated mother , a mexican soap play in the b.g. , over speaker . technician ( to Manzano ) we get the whole place wiretappe . but no male that sound anything like ' the dreamer ' . manzano he will show . Manzano be carry a 8 " X 10 " digital blow up of a handsome mexican John gotti type in some nightclub environment . rosanna who 's that ? manzano he 's the man , ' the boss ? ' my guy get into the house on the pretext of give cholera shot . we have to inject the whole barrio . we bugge the house and steal the picture of he . Manzano look at rosanna . now 's the time to really pressure he . let publish he picture in tomorrow 's edition . rosanna understand the consequence make light of they . rosanna so how be go to recipricate ? Manzano discreetly slide he hand up she crotch . CUT to : ext . rosanna apartment - night her car draw up . her driver exit and open she door . she step out . but wait inside be a welcoming committee . a hooded figure wield a shotgun who shoot the driver in both knee . work in progress 2/10/03 112. hooded figure wave the shotgun under rosanna 's nose . a warning . then disappear into the darkness . CUT to int . rosanna's apartment rosanna in she apartment in the dark . a tear trail she cheek . cu of the proofsheet of the next day 's newspaper . the boss ' picture , full frame . ext . restaurant - mexico CITY - night creasy move in the shadow look remarkably strong consider he wound . creasy - surveillance Pov cameras whirring . video be shot . he have not arrive alone . as he disappear inside ... int . close restaurant - night the owner watch nervously as creasy approach wear a wool cap . a pale attempt at disguise he identity . there 's a newspaper fold on he dais , more photo of creasy , he dead target , the story of he vendetta . creasy I be look for rosanna guerrero . owner this way . empty restaurant , chair on table . a exterior streetlight illuminate the darkness . the owner lead he down a row of empty booth . creasy slow , stop as he see the only person wait for he be Manzano . as Manzano smile . manzano ( hold up paper ) hombre en fuego . man on Fire . that 's what the papers have name you . creasy it 's what you and rosanna name I . right ? work in progress 2/10/03 113. manzano sit , creasy . everything that happen from now on do so with my permission . ( smile ) really . you will not find a better carne asada in all of Mexico . the table be cover in a arrangement of the best food you will ever find in Mexico . creasy sit . manzano ( laugh at himself ) the last few day may represent the best police work of my life . creasy what do you want ? manzano the same thing as you . except , my reach be not as long as yours . my father be a policeman , do you know that ? creasy I do not know shit about you . manzano he be one of the original founder of ' Le hermanidad ' in the day when it represent good not evil . Manzano smile ; he like creasy . manzano he be murder . and now here I be . try to honor he memory . hamstrung by bureaucracy and corruption . the organization that he begin now protect criminal at the high level where I would need a presidential find in order to expose it ... or you . the waiter step over ; Manzano wave he off . manzano my family life in Miami . because of the death threat . creasy it 's not worth it . be with they instead . work in progress 2/10/03 114. manzano it gall I to watch you . you can do as much in day as I can in year . Men like the ' the dreamer ' be protect . out of everyone 's grasp it seem , but yours . creasy be you go to arrest I or talk I to death ? Manzano laugh again . genuine . creasy crack he up . manzano my country need justice . proper justice . gunning man down in the street only feed the violence . they need to be bring to trial . deal with properly . then people will respect the law . when they see it work . creasy so you be go to talk I to death . manzano you walk out and deal justice . you be what I wish I could be . ( another laugh , then a beat ) the policeman who kill you , he family will have all they want . creasy then I hope the one who get I have get lot of kid . what do you want ? manzano I want to arrest you for murder ! I want to shake you hand and reload you gun ! I want to kill my pride and give you my bless . creasy my deal be with rosanna . I know you guy be up to something . be you two fuck ? manzano no , but I have to admit I think about it . creasy liar . just tell I who the bank card belong to . name and address . work in progress 2/10/03 115. manzano you have no interest in make thing easy , do you ? creasy I be not ... easy . Manzano reach into he pocket . he pull out a fold piece of paper and a prescription bottle . he hand the bottle out first . manzano percodan . I imagine you need handfuls by now . creasy make no move to take it . Manzano sigh , set it down in front of he . regard the paper ... manzano account belong to a woman we think be the dreamer 's girlfriend . reina rosas , who be 8 month pregnant . creasy hold he hand out . Manzano hesitates . manzano the plan be the girlfriend will lead you to the boss . you will lead I , and I will arrest he . agreed ? creasy do not respond . finally Manzano give he the paper , a mimeograph mugshot , and address scrawle on it . creasy stand . as he scoops up the pill . creasy start out . manzano creasy ... ( creasy turn ) I would have like to have know you under different circumstance . creasy off the top of my head , I do not know what they could have be . as creasy depart ... fade to black . black screen work in progress 2/10/03 116. creasy' voice Roman chapter 13:4 - therefore whoever resist authority will bring judgment on themselves . now it be time to awake out of sleep for we salvation be nearer than we first believe . ext . newsstand - day full page photo of ' the boss ' on the front page of reforma . ext . rock wall house - mexico CITY - day a tiere house build into the rock face that run through Mexico City . a scooter be park . a man sit on it wait , wear a crash helmet to hide he now well know feature . creasy . creasy - video feed it 's difficult to say where they be come from . the view pass from one screen to another . as creasy 's pass , we hear the whisper crackle of radio communication . ground level creasy sit up as a car pull up , and a man get out . creasy check the digital " 8x10 " even though this face be indelibly imprint on he brain . it 's not " the dreamer . " not as handsome , but there 's a resemblance . the man unlock the front door , check the street first and then enter . creasy regroup mentally and physically . check the magazine in he sig sauer . Chambers round into he shotgun . look up and see a six - year- old on a bicycle approach the front door . a ten -year- old open the door from inside . the six - year- old struggle to get he bicycle through the doorway . creasy move . he hold the shotgun against he leg as he stride across the street . " man on Fire . " the bicycle make it in . and the door be close ... creasy get a foot in , force he way inside . CUT to : work in progress 2/10/03 117 . maniano' office - afi hq Manzano listen to a radio over a desk speaker . voice he 's inside . what should we do ? manzano ( key mic ) do nothing . int . hallway - day the pregnant woman , reina rosas , scream bloody murder as creasy fill the space behind she . creasy follow as she run . live room creasy face reina , heavily pregnant . silence . two other kid hide behind she . suddenly the wall next to creasy explode in a hail of bullet . we realize creasy catch one round in the chest . he 's down on one knee ... use the shotgun as a crutch . reina be scream . hear a door tear open . creasy move to the sound . a man have run out the back ... ext . house - back courtyard creasy step into courtyard , turn , a vw bug come right at he ... aim he weapon . the man duck down ... windshield shatter from the blast of creasy 's shotgun ... bug slam into wall . the man roll out ... use the door as a shield . barrio the man flee into a labyrinth of pack - crate house on car-tire foundation out into street . running hard , too hard for creasy in he condition . he be lose a lot of blood . he stop . creasy behind the wheel of the volkswagon , roar out chase . work in progress 2/10/03 118. now through the maze of poverty ... creasy drive hard ... no sign of the man ... empty eye of poverty look back ... mostly woman and child ... they clearly see creasy ... fully expose ... drive a car with no windshield ... he slam the car into reverse . someone say " creasy " aloud ... now more face to turn ... child look directly through he absent windshield . one skinny kid run ahead of creasy . the boy point at one cardboard house propped up against a brick and stucco wall . int . volkswagon creasy pop the clutch ... straight into a small house ... take whole wall of cardboard ... to the back brick wall ... the ' man ' be pin violently between the car and the wall . CUT to : barrio creasy , shotgun in one hand , the injure man in the other ... walk through the barrio ... a small crowd be yell , " creasy , man on FIRE " ( in Spanish : hombre en fuego ) . int . live room - reina rosas house - day the man badly break and bleed lie on the floor , flex - cuffed . reina scream at creasy . creasy 's pop percodan 's . the hysteria be peak . creasy chamber a round and shoot man through leave knee . scream then silence . creasy reina rosas . reina si. creasy how do you contact ' the boss ' ? reina hesitates . creasy chamber another round and hold the gun to man 's right knee . reina we page he and he call back on this cell phone . work in progress 2/10/03 119 . creasy what be he name ? reina Daniel . creasy Daniel what ? he pull the hammer back . reina Daniel rosas sanchez . creasy so you be marry to he ? and this look remarkably like he brother . creasy look to man semiconscious on the floor . she nod creasy what be he name ? reina aurillio rosas sanchez . int . afi surveillance trailer technician listen into the live room conversation and speak to Manzano over the radio . technician what do we do ? manzano ( v.o. ) do nothing . prepare yourself for a income call . afi group congregate around map , and a " triggerfish , " a mean of trace the location of a cell phone . int . live room cell phone ringing . creasy pause -- pick up the cell . creasy hello Daniel . I have get you family and I want to negotiate . daniel Mr. creasy . what do you want ? work in progress 2/10/03 120. creasy I want you . several beat of silence . we can hear Daniel 's breathe . daniel how much do you want ? creasy it 's non-negotiable . daniel two million u.s.... Three million u.s.? creasy I tell you , non-negotiable . Daniel hang up . CUT to : afi trailer manzano listen . manzano damn . CUT to : live room cell phone ringing . creasy yeah . Daniel have a different attitude , a lot more amenable . he try to speak to creasy very logically about a very illogical subject . daniel the most important thing in life be family . and there you be . you have my family . what do you want ? creasy I want you . daniel this be not possible . but in that house I have money . if I tell you where -- work in progress 2/10/03 121. creasy ( interrupt ) you brother want to talk to you . holding the shotgun with he right hand , creasy hold the phone to aurillio 's ear . aurillio Daniel ? boom ! creasy shoot aurillio in he right kneecap . as aurillio howl in agony ... creasy listen to I . listen ! I be go to take you family apart piece by piece . the line go dead . hang up . creasy 's ready to explode . reina under the sink . we have money under the sink . six million dollar . it 's wet but good . the phone begin to ring again . creasy answer . creasy yeah. ( silence ) yes . daniel listen ! I will give you a life for a life . creasy what do you mean ? daniel her life for you life . creasy 's confuse . creasy whose life ? creasy 's confuse . daniel the girl 's . pinta 's . creasy you be a liar . pinta 's dead . work in progress 2/10/03 122. daniel I be a businessman . a dead girl be worth nothing . she be alive . a long beat . creasy I want proof of life . what do she call she bear ? daniel hang up . int . live room aurillio moan on the floor . reina say the rosary . the kid cry . the phone ring . creasy listen , not capable of speak . daniel creasy . she call the bear ' creasy bear . ' time stand still for creasy . word evaporate . liquid film in creasy 's eye . close up of creasy 's shocked face . he pull down he shirt collar . bubbles of blood form and reform over he chest wound as the maroon spread across he chest and stomach . creasy okay . where ? afi surveillance van van on the move . team leader , radio . team leader we receive enough of a signal to at least put he in the Zona colonia . shit not enough time . he hang up . int . vw bus creasy drive . great ac without the front windshield . keeps he awake . Daniel sanchez v.o. detail the drop . creasy try desperately to drive and write down the address . creasy Lisa , do not hang up on I . pinta be alive . intercut with : work in progress 2/10/03 123. int . lisa' bedroom blind be draw . slivers of light illuminate she emotionally drain face . lisa ( silence ) I do not believe you . creasy I want you to get into you car now and meet I on the south end of the footbridge between reforma and the freeway junction . in 45 minute . lisa you be lie . I do not believe you . creasy then do not come . he disconnect . he can not waste he ebbing strength . ext . bridge of the aztec - sunset darkness have fall . few people be on the street as creasy pull to the south end of the bridge . he park ... look around ... it 's desert . she 's not come . check he watch , turn and walk toward the bridge . the Ramos mercede drive up the bridge . headlights off . Lisa be drive . she exit the car . she run to catch creasy . lisa creasy ... wait . creasy stay here . if you do something stupid , we will not get she back . he climb the step of the bridge try to maintain he dignity through the pain . he can see car park on the other side . other side of the bridge - creasy 's Pov creasy 's dreamlike Pov ( be it real or a dream ) a driver exit a shadow car and open the passenger door . a SMALL figure in a hood sweat shirt and sweat pants exit the car . confused . disorient . crest of the bridge work in progress 2/10/03 124. creasy wait . breathe labor breath . he see it all . other side of the bridge the driver unty little hand . remove a blindfold from under the hood . he step away . offer no help . the small figure be confuse . crest of the bridge creasy call out : creasy pinta . pinta . she turn and look . it look remarkably like she even under the hood sweatshirt . she begin to run . across the street , up the step toward creasy . a scream train flash beneath . car headlight illuminate the bridge . time stand still and the ' city sound ' fade out to nothing . she run up the remain stair and sprint across the bridge . her hood blow off revealing she full face . it 's definitely pinta . camera ramp as he jump into creasy 's arm . this be not the little girl we experience in the beginning of the movie . the experience she just endure have be life change . all of a sudden we have a 40 year old head on a 8 year old body . she wrap herself around he . he pick she up . we glimpse a simple tear on he cheek . they talk . but we do not hear the word . she notice she mom on the far side of the bridge . creasy maneuver she toward Lisa . before she go to she mother we hear : pinta I love you , creasy ... and you love I , right ? creasy nod . the inference be that he will see she in a few minute . we start to hear Linda ronstadt painfully , quietly on the wind sing " Blue bayou . " he continue to walk across to the opposite side of the bridge and get into the kidnapper ' car . work in progress 2/10/03 125. there 's a certain sort of calm of he . he close the door , he lay he head against the back window . he look out at pinta at the other side of the bridge , where she 's scream for creasy . " Blue bayou " get louder . pinta now know it be a lie . creasy be not come back . we be shoot through the glass of the back window . we se Mexico City reflect in the glass . as the car pull out , time slow , and we see creasy lay he head back and close he eye as the car descend down into a dark tunnel . pinta can see creasy 's face , eye slowly close . he can hear she scream before be envelop by the night . as " Blue bayou " continue ... ext . mexico CITY street - day Dark spot in the road . suddenly Police light , on the roof of four car , flash simultaneously in front , in block position . the driver turn and look back want to escape . he have a black out afi armored van right on he rear bumper . nowhere to go . swat at he door . he 's pull and prone out onto the road . Manzano enter the driver 's seat . reaching back to creasy . grab he hand . manzano I be you chauffeur now , creasy . Manzano do a u-turn . head away . on he portable radio . manzano all unit . commence the operation . repeat . commence . he reach back again . manzano creasy ? creasy ? close up - two hand clasp . creasy 's leave with Manzano 's right . a strong grip . then no response . Manzano pull to the curb . Manzano reach creasy 's wrist . take he pulse . creasy 's go . beat . work in progress 2/10/03 126. Manzano kneel . still hold creasy . unfold creasy 's finger . close up - pinta 's medallion of St. Jude clutch in he hand . Manzano punch the seat again again and again . manzano goddamn you . ext . guardian be car - high angle u-turn Manzano look at creasy and make a decision . manzano ( key mic ) hold at the perimeter . until I enter . ext . daniel' compound Dark , suburban cuernavaca street . creasy 's car round the corner . Security outside the compound motion to open the garage door . the driver of the car be faceless . Street light reflection across the windshield . the car enter the gate . a collection of armed body appear in the courtyard curious to see this national hero . " hombre en fuego . " the car stop . nothing . this beat seem interminable . a hand open the rear door : his forehead explode . the driver door open barely two shot , two more body drop . panic and confusion . everybody run for cover . a overhead helicopter illuminate the mayhem in the courtyard . a armored vehicle ram through the gate . Manzano explode out of the driver 's door in slow motion . he be clearly on a mission . he stride through the mayhem , creasy 's sig sauer in one hand , and a .45 auto in the other . Manzano 's guide to he destination be the ' the dreamer 's ' little Jack Russell run back to he master on instinct . Manzano move purposefully . his surround environment be chaplinesque in its chaos . he enter a long walkway to a patio , follow the dog . Daniel sanchez appear at the end of the hall . we ramp he into slow motion . the mexican version of gotti . he raise he arm , prepare for the inevitable . the outcome be a give . work in progress 2/10/03 127. Manzano unload a magazine into he and we - freeze frame super title : " hombre en fuego " blackness . creasy' voice ezekiel 25:17 . bless be he who in the name of charity and good will shepherd the weak through the valley of darkness for he be truly he brother 's keeper and the finder of lose child .