man on the Moon man on the Moon ( 1999 ) by Scott Alexander and Larry karaszewski . fade in : int . void - day stand in a nonexistent set be andy kaufman , look a bit nervous . Wide -ey , tentative , he stare at we with a needy , unsettle cuteness . his hair be slicked - down , and he wear the " friendly world " costume from the Andy Kaufman special . finally , Andy speak -- in a peculiar foreign accent . andy ( as foreign man ) hallo . I be Andy . welcoom to my movie . ( beat ; he get upset ) I hope the story of my life would be nice ... but it turn out terrible ! it be all lie ! ting be mix up ... real people I know play different people . what a mess ! so I break into universal and cut out the junk . now it 's much short . in fact , this be the end of the movie . so tank for comink ! bye-bye ! Andy put a needle on a phonograph , and swell close credit music start to play . final credit roll . Andy stand freeze , awkwardly look at the audience . every time the music end he pick up the needle and restart the music . he do that as many time as the credit require . finally , credit end . and then - - a sly smile . he lean in . drop he accent and whisper . andy ( as regular voice ) okay ! just my friend be leave . I want to get rid of that other people ... they would have laugh in the wrong place . ( beat ) I be only kid about the movie ... it 's actually pretty good ! it show everything ... from I as a little boy until my death -- ( he eye pop ; he cover he mouth ) oops !! I be not suppose to talk about that ! oh. eh , uh , we better just begin . it start back in great neck , Long Island ... Andy turn to a primitive 16 mm projector and turn it on . whir ! he smile at the flicker light . andy oh , yes . I remember it well ... we push into the white light . it fill we frame , blaze whiter , whiter ... dissolve to : ext . kaufman house - 1957 - day a black and white image slowly become color . great neck , 1957 . a upper-class jewish neighborhood . in the street , crewcut boy play t-ball , laugh and shouting . a fat convertible pull up to the smallest house , and stanley kaufman , 40 , get out . still in he suit , he 's a well - meaning slave to he job -- tired , responsible . stanley go over to admire the t-ball game . at bat be he son michael , 6 , a natural charmer . Michael swing -- crack ! -- and hit a solid single . stanley smile . stanley that 's my boy ! good swingin ' , kiddo . ( warm beat ; then a look ) hey -- Michael ... where 's you brother ? michael he 's inside . instantly -- stanley 's mood turn black . he frown angrily , then snatch he briefcase and march in . int . kaufman house , kitchen - 1957 - day baby carol be cry . Mom janice , 35 , quickly peel carrot , try to get dinner make . stanley march past . stanley be he in he room ? janice of course he 's in he room . ( aggravate ) all he " friend " be in there . stanley glower . he huff upstairs . int . kaufman house , hallway - 1957 - day stanley hurry up to Andy 's shut door . we hear little Andy do voice . andy ( o.s. ) ( as worried girl ) but professor , why be the monster grow so big ? ( now as british professor ) it 's something in the jungle water . I need to crack the secret code . stanley roll he eye . he open the door ... int . kaufman house , andy'' room - 1957 - day ... revealing andy , 8 , perform for the wall . Andy be happy and enthusiastic ... as long as he 's act . andy ( as british professor ) maybe I should talk to the native . ( as dance native ) shoom boom boo ba ! shoom boom boo ba -- stanley Andy ! andy ( startle ) oh ! the boy suddenly turn off , become introverted ... awkward . frustrate , stanley stare at he son . stanley Andy , this have to stop . we house be not a television station . there be not a camera in that wall . Andy glance over at the wall . hmm . stanley ( cont would ) ( try to cope ) Son ... listen to I . it be not healthy . you should be outside , play sport . andy but I have get a sport show . championship wrestle , at five . stanley ( he blow he top ) you know that 's not what I mean ! look , I be gonna put my foot down ! no more play alone . you wanna perform , you gotta have a audience ! andy ( he point at the wall ) b- but I have they . stanley no ! that be not a audience ! that be plaster ! a audience be people make of flesh ! they -- live and breathe ! get it ?! Andy think , consider he option . then , he nod . CUT to : int . kaufman house , family room - 1957 - later that day baby Carol sit in she crib . Andy 's hand suddenly yank she out . int . kaufman house , andy'' room - 1957 - day Andy hurry in and plop Carol down on the floor . she dutifully sit there , deadpan . Andy return to the center of the room . he resume he show . andy ( as kiddie show host ) and now , boy and girl ! it 's time for ... tv fun House ! ( he make a applause SOUND ) hi , everybody ! be you ready for a singalong ? I will say the animal , and you make he sound ! okay ...? okay ! ( he start to sing ) " oh , the cow go ......... " Carol stare , unblink . then -- carol moo . andy ( he smile , pleased ) " and the dog go ...... " carol woof ! andy " and the cat say ...... " dissolve to : int . NY nightclub - 1975 - night tight on andy , now grown up . 26 - year -old , still perform the song . drunk audience meow !! wide - it 's a small , hip New York nightclub . andy " and the bird say ... " drunk audience tweet !! andy " and the lion go ... " drunk audience roar !! andy " and that 's the way it go ! " ( he grin ) thank you . Goodbye ! Andy wave and bow . there 's faint scattered applause . Andy sigh . a irritate manager step onstage . he shoot Andy a disgruntled look , then take the mike . manager the comedy styling of Andy Kaufman , lady and gentlemen ! in the b.g. , Andy start pack up he prop : Hand puppet , conga drum , a phonograph ... it all go into a big bulky case . CUT to : int . NY nightclub - 1975 - later that night the club be empty . at the bar , the manager clean up . Andy eagerly come over . offstage , he presence be soft , placid -- he voice barely above a whisper . andy so , Mr. besserman , same slot tomorrow ...? manager ( awkward ) eh , I dunno ... Andy . I be ... thinkin ' of let you go ... andy you be fire I ?? ( beat ) you do not even pay I ! manager look -- I do not wanna seem insulting . but ... you act be like amateur hour : singalong ... puppet ... play record ... a stunne beat . Andy be hurt . andy what do you want ? " take my wife , please " ?? manager sure ! Comedy ! make joke about the traffic . do impression . maybe a little blue material ... andy I do not swear . I -- I do not do what everyone else do ! manager well , everyone else get this place cookin ' ! pal , it 's hard for I to move the booze when you be singin ' " pop go the weasel . " Andy stare , dishearten . manager ( cont would ) I be sorry . you be finish here . a uncomfortable beat -- and then Andy start cry . the manager be dumbfounded . he do not know what to do . tear be roll pitifully down Andy 's cheek . the manager be confuse -- totally disorient . shame , Andy cover he face , then run out . silence . the manager stare after he ... have no idea what just happen . ext . NY nightclub - 1975 - night sob Andy burst out the door . he step onto the sidewalk -- and immediately stop crying . just like that . Andy lift he big case and start walk . Andy shake he head angrily . he turn down a dark street , hurry alone through a unsavory New York neighborhood . but then ... two men appear ... silently approach . Andy stop uncertainly -- debate whether to turn around . but in that second -- the thug be upon he , glaring menacingly . thug # 1 give we you wallet . Andy stare fearfully . a anxious moment . he think ... consider he option . then , he suddenly stammer in a thick foreign accent . andy ( as foreign man ) I -- doo not unterstand !! thug # 1 give we you money ! andy ( as foreign man ) what ?? what mooney ? Abu daboo ! I do not have mooney ! the thug glance at each other . andy ( as foreign man ) ( cont would ) pleaze ! I just move to America yezterday ! I do not know ! thug # 1 what 's in the case ? andy ( as foreign man ) no ! eeet , eet be just perzonal trifle from my homeland -- thug # 2 shut up ! gimme that thing ! the guy snatch the case . he impulsively break the lock ... and clothes , conga and record fall out . the thug be dismay . thug # 1 goddamn immigrant ! thug # 2 this guy 's pathetic . let 's go . harsh glance . they angrily turn and leave . Andy take a nervous breath , then start pick he thing off the street . he shout after the guy : andy ( as foreign man ) tank you veddy much ...! CUT to : ext . NY improv - 1975 - night the improv , the biggest comedy club around . people be line up , wait . the man stride up -- GEORGE shapiro , a Hollywood talent manager . George be old school : bronx accent , shmooze and a hug ... but with a surprising sweetness that be quite disarming . a doorman see he , grin , and wave George in . int . NY improv , bar - 1975 - night the bar be pack with comic and show biz type . a few turn and smile -- " George ! " " hey , George ! " George take a couple hand , whisper to someone else , then drift into the ... int . NY improv , showroom - 1975 - night where the show 's in progress . owner budd friedman see George and give he a bear-hug . then he hustle George to a table . George sit -- and give the stage he undivide attention . up there be a wiseass comic . wiseass comic so I be get my mother - in - law a special Christmas present : a pre - pay funeral ! the mortician ask I if I want she bury , embalm or cremate . I say , " make it all three ! I be not takin ' any chance ! " ( the crowd laugh ) thank you . good night ! the comic wave and exit . applause . George politely clap . a piano player jump in with a upbeat show tune . we think there 's a break ... when Andy suddenly , awkwardly step on stage . he be in character as foreign man . pink jacket , tie , hair slicked back , frighten like a deer in headlight . he put down he big case , pull out various junk , and arrange it on chair . the room hush , uncertain as to who the hell this guy be . Andy tentatively grab the mike . the stagefright be agony . andy ( as foreign man ) now ? now ...? ( look around ) tank you veddy much . I be very happy to be here . I tink -- this be a very beautiful place . but one ting I do not like be too much traffic . tonight I have to come from , eh , and the freeway , it be so much traffic . it take I a hour and a half to get here ! Andy chuckle , as if this be a punchline . silence . the crowd be baffle . andy ( as foreign man ) ( cont would ) but -- talk about the terrible thing : my wife . take my wife , please take she . yikes . a few nervous laugh . Andy gesture , as if they get the joke . andy ( as foreign man ) ( cont would ) no really , I be only foolink . I love my wife very much . but she do not know how to cook . you know , one time , she make a steak and mashed potato . ehh , and the night before , she make spaghetti and meatball . her cooking be so bad ... be terrible . people be embarrassed . some avert they eye . a couple hipster laugh mockingly . George lean forward . Andy wipe the sweat from he brow . andy ( as foreign man ) ( cont would ) right now , I would like to do for you some imitation . so first , I would like to imitate archie bunker . ( no change in he voice ) " you stupid , everybody ees stupid ! ehh , get , get out of my chair meathead ... go in the , eh , dingbat get into the kitchen , make the food ! ehh , everybody ees stupid ! I do not like nobody , ees so stupid ! " tank you veddy much . ( pleased , he proudly bow ) now I would like to imitate Jimmy Carter , the President of the United States . ( no change in he voice ) " hello , I be Jimmy Carter , the President of the United States . " some people boo and walk out . a few giggle , get into the groove . George be intrigue . andy ( as foreign man ) ( cont would ) and now ... I would like to imitate the elvis presley . a woman laugh caustically . Andy grin stupidly , then turn he back to we . he press " play " on a cassette recorder ... and the theme from 2001 start play . House light dim dramatically . with a flourish , Andy pull tape off he pants -- revealing rhinestone . he remove he pink coat -- put on a white jewele jacket . he comb he hair . then he brushes he hair . then he comb he hair some more . finally he pick up a guitar , strike a pose -- and spin around . he be elvis . confident . sexy . lip curl . dead - on perfect . the crowd be blow away . Vegas elvis intro music suddenly blast . Andy / elvis swagger stage leave and take a bow . then he go stage right and take a bow . then he return stage leave for another bow . Music stop . andy ( as elvis ) thank you very much . wow . flabbergasted , people applaud . this man be elvis . suddenly -- " jailhouse rock " guitar kick in . andy ( as elvis ) ( cont would ) ( singing ) " warden throw a party in the county jail ! prison band be there and they began to wail ! " angle - GEORGE he be astonished . George cannot quite figure out what 's go on ... but he want in . he wave Budd over . Budd lean down , and George whisper . GEORGE pst . what 's the story with this guy ? budd I think he 's lithuanian . none of we can understand he . George nod admiringly . GEORGE he do a hell of a elvis . CUT to : int . NY improv , backstage - 1975 - later that night Andy be pack up he thing . he very methodically fold each item of clothing , then check the crease . George stroll up . GEORGE hey , I really enjoy you set . andy ( as foreign man ) tank you veddy much . GEORGE so I understand you be from lithuania ? andy ( as foreign man ) no. caspiar . George be puzzle . GEORGE caspiar ? I have not hear of that . andy ( as foreign man ) it 's a veddy small island in de Caspian sea. ( beat ) it sink . GEORGE oh. hm. I be uh , sorry . ( beat ) well , look , I be probably out of my mind -- but I think you be very interesting . if you ever need representation ... we should talk . George hand he a business card . Andy read it -- then he eye pop . he drop the accent . andy Mr. Shapiro , it 's a honor !! George realize it 's all be a act . he laugh heartily . GEORGE caspiar , huh ?! CUT to : int . soho health food restaurant - night a bohemian health food restaurant , staff by hippie waitress in sandal . Andy and George sit together , try to get a sense of each other . andy you see , I want to be the biggest star in the world . George be surprised at this hubris . GEORGE people love ... comedian . andy I be not a comedian . I have no talent . ( he shrug ) I be a song - and - dance man . George look up at Andy -- and inexplicably there be a giant moist booger hang from Andy 's nostril . George cringe . he do not know what to say . a waitress bring over two plate of awful 70 's health food -- seaweed , bean , stringy paste . George frown . Andy beam . andy ( cont would ) mmm ! I particularly recommend the Lotus root . Andy pull out a little handi-wipe and cleanse he hand . then he start arrange the food in compulsive little pile : bean in pinwheel shape . sprout in pile . George peer at the bizarre food behavior . GEORGE you show a lot of promise ... but ... my concern be I do not know where to book you . you be not a stand - up ... you act do not exactly translate to film ... help I ... where do you see yourself ? andy ( bright ) I have always want to play Carnegie Hall . George be unsure if that 's a joke . GEORGE yeah , ha-ha . that 's funny . Andy dip he silverware in the water glass . two dunk , then he dry it with he napkin . George stare , perplex . he look back up -- and Andy 's booger have suddenly switch nostril . huh ? andy see , I do not want easy laugh . Andy 's about to eat -- but first bow he head in silent prayer . George raise a eyebrow . Andy snap he head back up . andy ( cont would ) I want gut reaction ! I want that audience to go through a experience . they love I ! they hate I ! they walk out -- it 's all great ! Andy triumphantly eat a bean . George peer , unable to take the booger anymore . he hand Andy a napkin and point to he nose . Andy nod , remove the rubber booger , and carefully put it in a little box . andy ( cont would ) after I be famous , I can sell this as " worn by Andy Kaufman . " and at that ... George be win over . he smile broadly . GEORGE you be insane . ( then sincere ) but -- you might also be brilliant . alright , Andy ... let 's do it . George warmly extend he hand . Andy slowly smile , then take George 's hand . the man shake . a moment of supreme importance . EST . beverly hill - day the glitz strip of Los Angeles . money . beauty . int . shapiro / west - day Real work showbiz office . no glamour at all . it look more like a insurance agency . George sit in he office , reassure someone on the phone . GEORGE sammy , open for David brenner be a fine gig . you will be on the road ... get some exposure ... o.s. , a secretary shout out . secretary ( o.s. ) tony clifton on the phone ! GEORGE who ? secretary ( o.s. ) he say he 's a associate of Andy Kaufman 's . GEORGE oh. ( back to the phone ) sammy , think about it . I gotta go . ( he punch a line ) hello ? George Shapiro here . on the phone , a staccato , abrasive nasal voice blare . tony clifton ( v.o. ) uh , yeah . be this GEORGE shapiro ? GEORGE ( beat ) er , yes . speak . tony clifton ( v.o. ) " speak " ! reeking , seek , creak ... freaking ! George be baffle . GEORGE can I help you with something ? tony clifton ( v.o. ) yeah ! you stay away from that Andy Kaufman , if you know what 's good for you ! GEORGE ( stunne ) who be this ? tony clifton ( v.o. ) you -- you know damn straight who it be . tony clifton ! a name to respect . a name to fear . ( beat ) beer. gear. deer. ear . GEORGE look ... I do not know what you problem be ... tony clifton ( v.o. ) Kaufman 's a lie bastard ! if you sign he , I will ruin you ! click . clifton hang up . George be bewilder . int . meditation institute university , classroom - day the light be magical . sooth sitar music play . Andy and fifteen other barefoot student sit on mat in a semi - circle . eye shut , body in different yoga position , they be all meditate . facing they on a throne - like chair sit a reverent , indian yogi . at he foot be the class teacher , little wendy , a teeny lady with a absurdly high - pitch voice . little wendy now , while continue you deep breathe , slowly open you eye . you should feel rest , relaxed , and alert . the student all open they eye . yogi do any thought come ...? student # 1 my mind be clear . I feel great . yogi good ... student # 2 all the tension be go from my body . the Yogi 's eye go to Andy . Andy smile sweetly . andy I want to thank you , you holiness . my heart be radiating with pure energy . the Yogi nod kindly . yogi you always have a good heart . but I be proud of the progress you have make in you discipline . andy yes . tm get I focus . in fact , my manager get I a tv gig ! it 's just some new show with no budget , but I be still excited . oh . the Yogi peer intently . yogi be you at peace with you family ? andy um , yes . I have not fight with they , since I start here . yogi goal be important . andy I stop drink . I give up drug . and I be meditate three hour a day . it 's the center of my life ... yogi we be all impressed . Andy smile beatifically . this mean a lot . little wendy okay . anyone else --? andy oh , wait ! I have a question . ( beat ; work up he nerve ) be there ... be there a secret to be funny ? huh ? the Yogi think hard ... squinching up he face . then ... he finally speak . yogi yes. silence . CUT to : int . snl set - night a audience sit , wait for the commercial to end . techies tweak light . cameramen get ready . sitting in VIP seat be Andy 's family . stanley and Janice be in they late 50' , Michael and Carol in they 20' . they be all anxious . carol I still can not believe my brother 's gonna be on tv ...! janice I hope he do not get nervous . stanley what 's the difference ? this thing 's on in the middle of the night -- no one 's even gonna see it . the commercial end , and the " applause " sign blink . the crowd applaud . a " on the AIR " sign light up . host welcome back to Saturday night live ! and now , as a special treat on we first show ... musical guest andy kaufman !!! the snl orchestra start the intro into a song . Andy enter the stage with a boom box , and position himself in front of the microphone . when the vocal be suppose to start , Andy do not open he mouth . instead he look around -- frighten . the band stop ... and start again . Andy remain mute . the Band stop again . int . snl set , booth - night the snl producer , lorne michael , look worried . lorne michael what 's happen to he ? int . snl set - night at that moment , Andy put the boom box down and blare it loudly . the theme from " mighty mouse " play -- but Andy just blankly stand there . he 's purposefully do nothing . mighty mouse theme ( v.o. ) " although we be in danger , we never despair , because we know where there be danger he be there ! " the audience be puzzle . the kaufman be alarmed . int . snl set , booth - night lorne michael be panicked . lorne michael oh my God , he 's do nothing . it 's dead air ...! int . snl set - night back on andy . mighty mouse theme ( v.o . ) " we be not worry at all . we be just listen for he call ... " then suddenly -- Andy come to life and triumphantly lip syncs . mighty mouse theme ( v.o. ) ( cont would ) " here I come to save the day ! " shock , the crowd howl with laughter . then instantly -- Andy resume he blank expression . mighty mouse theme ( v.o. ) ( cont would ) " that mean that mighty mouse be on the way ! " the audience scream with glee . the tune end , and the audience applaud crazily . delighted , Andy grin and bow . the kaufman clap the hardest . stanley lock eye with Andy ... and the beam father smile the proudest of all . CUT to : int . shapiro / west - day George jump from he desk . Andy be walk in . GEORGE Andy , c'mon in ! thanks for flyin ' out here !! andy the stewardess let I keep my headphone . GEORGE that 's ... terrific ! but I get something better . this be big ... ( giddy ; milk the moment ) you be get a once - in - a - lifetime , unbelievably lucrative opportunity to star on ... a primetime network sitcom !!!! Andy 's smile drop . he freeze up . andy sitcom ...? GEORGE and this be a CLASS act ! it 's the guy who do the Mary Tyler Moore and Bob newhart show ! it take place in a taxi stand ! and you be gonna be the fonzie ! andy ( confuse ) I be -- fonzie ? GEORGE no ! the fonzie ! the crazy breakout character ! the guy that all the kid impersonate and put on they lunchbox ! andy ( soft ) George , I hate sitcom . GEORGE hang on , you be not hear the best part ! ABC have see you foreign man character , and they want to turn he into -- ( he check he note ) " latka , " a lovable , goofy mechanic !!! Long pause . then -- Andy respond . andy no . GEORGE " no " ? " no " to which part ?? andy no to the whole thing . none of it sound good . George be flummox . GEORGE Andy ... this be every comedian 's dream . andy I tell you , I be not a comedian . and sitcom be the lowest form of entertainment : stupid joke and can laughter . GEORGE ( shocked ) b- but , this be classy ... they do Bob newha -- andy I be not interested . I want to create my own material . beat . George glare . GEORGE you have to do it . andy I refuse . GEORGE ( he explode ) listen , you arrogant putz ! I have be in this business for twenty year ! I know ! if you walk away from this opportunity , you will never , never see another one like it again !!!! Long pause . Andy stare at George , amaze at this passion . then Andy get up and look around the office . he stare at the award ... the gold record ... emblem of success and experience . Andy think -- then nod . andy okay . Fine , I will do it . ( beat ) but I have a few term . GEORGE ( relieved ) of course ! that 's what negotiation be for . Andy start to write on a piece of paper . GEORGE ( cont would ) what be you do ? andy write down my term . George watch patiently . Andy click he pen , do . George smile and take the list . he scan it ... then he face get totally befuddle . GEORGE be you makin ' fun of I --? this be ridiculous ! andy ( blasй ) that be my term . GEORGE they be impossible !! Jesus ! ( he point at one item ) I mean -- " two guarantee guest shot for tony clifton " ??! who be this tony clifton ?! andy he 's a Vegas entertainer . I use to do impression of he . we sorta ... get in a fight over that . George get a look . GEORGE this clifton call I up . he 's a loon ! he hate you ! andy Nah , he just talk tough . but I owe he one . Andy smile ingenuously , then turn stern . andy ( cont would ) if I be the new fonz ... ABC 's just gonna have to give I what I want . ( a sarcastic fonzie impression ) heyyyyyy ! George wince . he stare at the list . int . ABC conference room - LA - day George sit across a conference table from three network suit . he stoically read the man he demand . GEORGE Mr. Kaufman will only appear in half the episode . ( beat ) Mr. Kaufman require a undisturbed 90 minute of meditation prior to filming . ( beat ) Mr. Kaufman will not rehearse . ( beat ) Mr. Kaufman get he own network special . the exec be stupefy . finally -- George deliver the clincher . GEORGE ( cont would ) and taxi must guarantee two guest appearance to ... tony clifton . network guy who ??? GEORGE tony clifton . network guy # 1 who be he ?! GEORGE ( solemn ) I do not know . Long pause . the exec stare at George like he 's lose he mind . GEORGE ( cont would ) but Andy say he 's fabulous . ( awkward ) he also say , this be the term . the exec ' leader , maynard smith , shudder hopelessly . network guy # 2 could not Kaufman ask for more money , like everyone else ? George slowly , sadly shake he head : no. maynard glance at he team -- then frown . maynard ( cont would ) George , we do not book phantom performer . the deal 's off . int . shapiro / west - day GEORGE throw he attachй case on the desk , then slump into he chair . he pick up the phone and dial . GEORGE Andy ? andy ( o.s. ) hi George ! GEORGE eh , hi , Andy . look , this tony clifton ... be he perform anywhere ? andy ( o.s. ) of course . ( beat ) but only on Monday night . GEORGE that 's alright . where ...? int . mama roma' - night mama roma 's , a dark italian restaurant with red booth , wise guy , and cigarette smoke . the maitre would guide George to a booth . a small band fill the " stage " -- a six - foot space in the back of the room . the light dim . a blaring announcer speak . announcer ( v.o. ) and now , mama roma 's be proud to present International sing sensation ... a man who have sell more record than elvis and the Beatles combine ... George be skeptical . announcer ( v.o. ) ( cont would ) lady and gentlemen , Mr. entertainment ... tony clifton ! the drummer start a drum roll . patron applaud . a light spot hit the entrance area ... and nobody enter . the spot be wait ... wait ... still wait ... until the drum roll slow down and stop . the announcer boom again . announcer ( v.o. ) ( cont would ) lady and gentlemen , out of respect for Mr. clifton 's vocal demand , could everyone please extinguish you cigarettes and cigar . the crowd grumble angrily -- then irritably comply . one angry guy thrust he cigar into a water glass . angry guy goddamn , I pay five dollar for this . announcer ( v.o. ) and now ! a man who need no introduction ... tony clifton ! the band start play lounge standard " volare " . and then , obnoxious tony clifton swagger out . tony have a rubbery face , black wig and moustache , sunglass , a padded belly , and a peach tuxedo with blue shirt and velvet piping . tony stop , smirk at the audience , and suck on a cigarette . he blow smoke ring at they . tony clifton heh-heh . how ya all doin ' ? the crowd be furious . angry guy fuck you ! people light back up and start talk . tony ignore the ruckus . he start singing , pinch and off -key . tony clifton ( sing ) " volare ! whoa , whoa . cantare , whoa whoa whoa whoa . " George wince . he 's horrible . tony clifton ( cont would ) ( sing ) " I get the wing of you love , I get the wing of a dove . I get the ... uh ... ( forget the word ) ... the chicken wing from eh , kentucky fry ... " the band be lose . tony clifton ( cont would ) oh. whoop do doo , whoop de di , stick a needle in you eye ... the band give up and stop . tony clifton ( cont would ) eh , the hell with that song . one person clap . most boo . tony clifton ( cont would ) so how ya doin ' ! ( leer ) how ya doin ' over here ? how ya doin ' over there ? ( he approach a woman ) how 's that pasta carbonara ? woman leave I alone . tony clifton okay ! ( he spin around ) so , you havin ' a good time , sir ?! tony approach a lonely sad sack sit at the bar . tony thrust he mike at the guy . sad sack sure ... tony clifton what 's you name ? sad sack bob. tony clifton ( he react as if this be enormously funny ) " Bob " ? bob ! Bob bob bob. ( beat ) Bob what ? sad sack Bob gorsky . tony clifton " gorsky " ? what be that , Polish ? sad sack ( meek ) yes . tony get indignant . tony clifton be you tryin ' to do some of that polack humor ? well if that 's so , you can just get the hell out of this restaurant ! sad sack ( timid ) it 's my name . tony clifton shut up ! I hate they Polish joke ! people be embarrassed . tony clifton ( cont would ) I do a clean show ! like , I would not do that one ... oh , you know it ... " what do you call a pretty girl in Poland " ? sad sack ( he giggle stupidly ) a -- a tourist . tony clifton see , that 's exactly what I be talkin ' about ! ( enraged ) here ! i'll give you a little humor ! tony snatch Bob 's water glass and pour it over he head ! George be appal . the crowd be aghast . Bob be wet . people boo and hurl thing . Bob start weep , then bolt up and run from the building . tony clifton ( cont would ) and stay out , fatso ! the room erupt , outrage . George cover he face , look ill . suddenly , tony snap at he . andy and you . I wanna see you backstage ! George be rattle . int . mama roma' , kitchen - later that night the kitchen staff be work . George wander around ... then finally spot tony , back to we , eat pasta at the employee ' table . aggravate , George aggressively step up . GEORGE alright , I be here . what do you want ? tony put down he fork . he pause ... slowly turn around ... and be Andy . George gasp . his eye bulge . Andy smile innocently . he gesture to a empty seat . andy be you hungry ? George be breathe heavily , like someone about to have a heart attack . his brain melting , he shakily reach for a chair and sit . George glance down . lying alongside the food be tony 's rubber face . GEORGE I ... i- I do not understand this act . andy ( in jolly spirit ) it 's good old - fashioned entertainment . everyone love a villain . GEORGE yeah ? well tell that to the poor schlub who you humiliate ! beat -- then Bob stroll over . his real name be bob zmuda . zmuda hey Andy , good show . andy oh George , this be Bob Zmuda . Bob and I have be buddy for year . George gape . on closer inspection , Bob be cocky , aloof , and connive . he and Andy grin naughtily at each other . zmuda that be a really hot house ! GEORGE so you name 's not gorsky . zmuda do not believe everything you hear . George think about this -- then laugh . CUT to : int . ABC conference room - LA - day maynard and the ABC suit sit at the table , mesmerize . George be confidentially whisper to they . GEORGE this have to stay in the room ... but here 's the thing : Andy be tony . and tony be Andy ! they will deny it up and down , but I swear to God , they be the same person ! ( with urgency ) it 's smart business ! you will get two Andy kaufman for the price of one ! maynard think about this , quite methodically . a beat , and then he crack a smile ... int . alpha beta supermarket - night 1 a.m. in the supermarket . just a few people linger ... include Andy , who 's at the Space invader videogame . Andy stare intently at the screen , eye pierce , finger hammer the button while he blow up martian . Andy be oblivious to all around he . in the b.g. , George suddenly enter . he look around the market , then spot Andy . he feverishly run up . GEORGE Andy ! andy ( still play the game ) what 's up ? George grin crazily , ecstatically . GEORGE Andy ... they say yes ! they agree to it all ! they think you term be a shine example of you " irreverent wit " -- and precisely why they want you ! ( beat ) you be get everything ! whoa . Andy look up , astonished . his space station explode , but he do not notice . he turn to George ... and slowly smile sweetly . genuinely . andy well thank you very much ...! CUT to : int . taxi set - day the first week of " taxi . " the cast rehearse on the taxi set . producer watch from the bleacher . ( the actual taxi scene will be determine . ) judd hirsch , tony danza , and marilu henner read they line . then ... a bored black stand - in read latka 's line . the cast glance around . tony danza lose he temper . tony danza man , this be bullshit ! ( he march up to the producer ) where 's Kaufman ? why be not he here ?? one producer stand . this be tightly - wound ed weinberger . ed you will see he on Friday when we shoot . now run the line with rodney . a angry beat . the actor resume ... int . taxi set - day later the audience be filter in . they fill the studio bleacher . int . taxi set , backstage - day actor mingle outside the dress room . judd hirsch I be take bet we do the show with the stand - in . marilu henner no , I hear Andy arrive . rumor be he 's lock inside he dress room . judd be surprised . int . taxi set , andy'' dressing room - day Andy be meditate . he 's tranquil , at total inner peace . silence -- until a little clock radio chirp . Andy snap he eye open . he exhales a few calm breath , then sit upright . Andy reach for a seal envelope , rip it open , and remove a script . Andy sigh , open the script , and start scan the page like a speedreader . int . taxi set - later that day bleacher be full . they be now filming taxi ( the same scene as earlier ) . on cue , Andy enter as latka -- wide - eye , endear , in mechanic 's overall . Andy be hilarious . the crowd howl with laughter . montage - taxi in quick succession , a series of Andy 's best latka moment . he 's beloved . the applause grow louder , louder , louder ... int . taxi set , backstage - day taxi curtain call . the whole cast take bow , then run offstage . everyone be grin -- except Andy . he soberly stroll up to Zmuda . andy I be gonna quit . zmuda what ?!? andy each show be worse than the next . zmuda be you nut ?! 40 million people watch you every week ! andy so ? what do they know ? zmuda absolutely nothing ! that 's the beauty ! ( he lower he voice ) it 's credibility . you make they love you ... and then later , on you special , you will screw with they head ! hmm ?! Andy raise a eyebrow . CUT to : int . maynard smith's office - LA - day the power office of maynard Smith , the powerful ABC exec . he shout into a phone . maynard I do not care ! travolta sign a contract , he 's a sweathog for life !... oh yeah ? just try to sue we . he hang up . his assistant peek she head in . assistant Sir , they be have a problem down on the Kaufman special . they say he 's not follow the ... technical requirement . maynard be baffle . maynard " technical " ??? int . " kaufman special " set , tech booth - same time Andy be in a booth , argue with a heavyset technician . Zmuda watch and eat a banana . andy it 's my show ! now make it roll ! technician no ! maynard stroll up , buttone he suit jacket , irritate as he walk around Little Wendy meditate in front of a ring of candle . maynard Andy , I hear fabulous thing about the special ... ( a delicate pause ) eh , I understand we have hit a teeny speedbump ? technician ( harry ) yeah , kid genius tell I to mess with the horizontal hold ! he want the picture to roll ! maynard do not exactly understand . maynard show I . the technician push a button . on the monitor - Andy 's image briefly appear . andy ( on - screen ) and now ... in she television debut , the incredible chubby rosalie !! at that moment , Andy 's image start roll across the screen , until it disappear into a blur of static ... andy ( happy ) it will be great . the viewer will think they tv be break . they will get out of they chair , they will twist the knob , they will hit the tv , but they will not be able to fix it ! maynard stare at the monitor . the totally indecipherable picture still roll . a glum pause . maynard Andy ... we do not want the viewer to get out of they chair . they might change the channel . andy but it 's funny ! it 's a practical joke . they will get frustrated ! Andy beam giddily . maynard gaze dully , struggle to reason . maynard Andy ... uhh ... this network have a long -stand policy : the viewer must be able to see the program . andy but it 's only for thirty second ! beat . maynard five . andy twenty ! maynard ten. andy deal . both man quickly extend they hand and shake . maynard nod and leave . beat . then , Andy pull out a handi-wipe and clean he palm . a studio page walk over . he have a huge mail bag . studio page Mr. Kaufman , do you want you mail ? Andy look up -- and he face light up like Christmas . int . andy'' apartment - day Andy 's crappy apartment , which look like a dorm room : cheap furniture , stain carpet , and a frame photo of the Maharishi . Andy lie on he bed , which be cover with thousand of letter . he happily chat on the phone . andy ... yes , it 's Andy Kaufman !... really ! ... I get you fan letter ... so you like the show ? you letter say I be silly . do you think I be too silly ?... oh good . I be glad . Andy hold a letter which have a girl snapshot staple to it . he be very nervous . andy ( cont would ) it be real nice of you to send you picture , mimi ... ' Cause you know what I look like ... and now , I know what you look like ! Andy flip the letter over . he glance at the return address . andy ( cont would ) so , um ... San bernardino ... ( beat ) that 's just a couple hour away , be not it ...? ext . san bernardino , downtown - dusk the sun be set . in a ugly shopping district , Andy walk along with sexy , wholesome mimi . mimi ... so after I finish junior college , I will go to work for my dad 's accounting firm . unless , I decide to live with my friend Valerie , but she want to move to Anaheim , and I do not want to do that . a disinterested beat . andy oh. another beat . andy ( cont would ) so do you wanna wrestle ? mimi Excuse I -- ? andy do you wanna wrestle ? it 's a good way of break the ice . ( pause ) that instant physical intimacy really bring two people together . mimi be bewilder , and offended . mimi what be you talk about ?! we just meet a hour ago . andy ( calm ) no no no , it 's not sex ! I mean -- it can lead to sex ... but really , it 's just wrestle . mimi I do not wanna talk about it ! a awkward silence . they continue walk . she point up . mimi ( cont would ) the sunset be really beautiful . andy what do you mean ? mimi ( a bit offput ) I mean -- uh -- the color in the sky be so vibrant . I love this time of day . andy ( he shrug dully ) I have never understand that . it 's just ... get dark . ( pause ) but I like you ! hey ! why do not we fill the car with gas , drive to Tijuana , and get married ??? angle - mimi fear . she shiver , then hoarsely speak . mimi I think I wanna go home . CUT to : int . ABC conference room - LA - day George screen Andy 's tv special for maynard and he team . the network exec look constipate . on the tv - Andy speak tenderly , lovingly to howdy doody . andy ( on tv ) you know ... I be once in you gallery . I be just sit there and I want to touch you . I be kind of depressed because I could see what everyone be like , and I be wonder if , now , maybe I could ... touch you . very gently , Andy touch howdy 's cheek and start weep . the execs -- be horrify . andy ( on tv ) ( cont would ) howdy , I have be watch you ever since I be a little boy ... ( choke up , nervous ) you be the first friend from television I ever have . I always want to meet you ... and now ... I finally be . exec # 2 this be not funny . exec # 3 ( ominous ) " artsy fartsy shit " ... GEORGE ( worried at this response ) no ... eh , the special be not all like this ... just wait ... it will be hysterical . at that moment , the picture turn to fuzzy snow . maynard scowl . maynard Christ ! we be the number one Network -- can not we afford decent tvs ?! maynard angrily jump and pound on the tv . bang , bang ! George wince -- then mutter awkwardly . GEORGE no , um ... it 's part of the snow . a awful beat . maynard be embarrassed . finally -- he explode . maynard tell Kaufman we will never air this program !! int . jerry's deli - night a delicatess . Andy wear a apron and angrily clean table . he stack dirty dish and wipe up the food . two blue collar guy gesture from a booth . blue collar guy 1 Excuse I , could I please have more coffee ? andy yeah , yeah , in a sec ' . ( he lug the dish to the kitchen ) that be decaf , right ? the guy nod . Andy hurry over with the coffeepot and start pour . blue collar guy 1 you know , you look just like Andy Kaufman . andy yeah , I get that all the time . Andy hurry off . the guy 's buddy lean in , whisper . blue collar guy 2 I be tell you , it 's he . blue collar guy 1 you wanna bet ?? if that be he , he would not be workin ' here , pour my coffee ! near the kitchen Andy dump out wet coffee grounds . he be sweat . in the b.g. , George enter the restaurant . he see Andy , sit at a table and yell out . GEORGE hey ! could you clear this table and bring I a piece of poundcake ? Andy turn . they stare down each other . GEORGE ( cont would ) Andy , this be ridiculous . take off that apron . andy ( infuriate ) no ! I would rather work here , than at ABC . there 's no lie in a restaurant . they do not promise you a job as a cashier , then suddenly make you a frycook ! Andy hurry off with a water pitcher . George chase he . GEORGE look , I be sorry . they be asshole ! but we work in a creative business . you can not predict what people be gonna like -- andy the only reason I do taxi be so I could have my own special ! GEORGE ( try to calm he ) tell you what . I will book you on some concert , and meanwhile , we will show the special around ... see if somebody want to buy it -- andy ( bitter ) yeah , we can have a garage sale . " hey look , I get a floor lamp and a network tv special for only fifty cent ! " a glum moment . Andy fill water glass . andy ( cont would ) how long be leave on my taxi contract ? GEORGE you sign for five year -- ( awkward ) so four year , seven month . andy ( he look up ) okay ... I will go back . but just let they know , first they be not gettin' latka . they be gettin' tony ! CUT to : ext . TEXAS a&amp ; m college auditorium - night a marquee say " TEXAS a&amp ; m present - andy kaufman " Inside , a roar of applause surge . int . college auditorium - same time Andy be walk onstage . the excited clapping swell . he 's a gigantic presence to this people . Andy smile and bow . andy thank you . it 's great to be here . we be go to have a very nice time . we will sing some song -- sorority girl do latka !! Andy react , perturb . he struggle to stay compose . andy uh , we will play with puppet -- drunk in unison latka ! lattttkaaaa !!! Andy scowl . then -- he lose it . andy Excuse I one moment . Andy angrily hurry offstage . int . college auditorium , backstage - night Zmuda be with the conga and prop . Andy run up . andy give I the book . zmuda ( startle ) no ! Andy , do not do it -- andy they be ask for it . Andy fiercely grab a small book from Zmuda . Zmuda cringe . int . college auditorium - night Andy stride back out . he gaze at the crowd . andy since you be such a special audience ... I be go to reveal , for the first time ever , the real I . ( he go into a clipped british accent ) I be actually british . I be raise in London and educate at Oxford . and though I dabble in clowning , I do find it so boorish . so ... american . ( beat ) I prefer the fine art . henceforth , tonight , I would like to grace you with a read of the great novel ever write ! ( he hold up the book ) " the great gatsby " , by f. Scott fitzgerald !! beat . heh ? the crowd be not quite clear if this be good or bad . a confuse murmur . andy ( british ) ( he crack open the book ) chapter one . ( he start reading ) " in my young and more vulnerable year , my father give I some advice that I have be turn over in my mind ever since . ' whenever you feel like criticize anyone , ' he tell I , ' just remember that all the people in this world have not have the advantage you have have . ' " there 's a little nervous laughter . be he really gonna read this ? andy ( british ) ( cont would ) " he do not say any more , but we have always be unusually communicative in a reserve way , and I understand that he mean a great deal more than that ... " suddenly , somebody from the audience scream : frat boy in audience latka !!! the audience roar approvingly . Andy stop read and look at the student . he smile . andy ( as latka ) tank you veddy much !!!! the audience applaud enthusiastically . Andy wait until the applause die and go back to the book . andy ( british ) " when I come back from the East last autumn , I feel that I want the world to be in uniform and at a sort of moral attention forever ; I want no more riotous excursion with privileged glimpsis into the human heart ... " people start booing . Andy look up . andy ( british ) ( cont would ) please , let 's keep it down . we have a long way to go . ( he resume read ) " only gatsby , the man who give he name to this book , be exempt from my reaction - gatsby , who represent everything for which I have a unaffected scorn ... " the crowd be incredulous . int . college auditorium - later that night andy ( british ) chapter two . the crowd be horribly bored . int . college auditorium , backstage - night the clock say 11:30 . the promoter glare at Zmuda . promoter be he ever go to stop ? zmuda ( dour ) sure . when he reach " the end . " int . college auditorium - later that night people be stream out . maybe fifty be leave . Andy realize this -- but be commit . he must continue . andy ( british ) " Tom be evidently perturb at Daisy 's run around alone , for on the follow Saturday night he come with she to gatsby 's party . perhaps he presence give the evening its peculiar quality of oppressiveness ... " a weak voice feebly shout : weak voice do latka . Andy look up , shocked . insulted , he " blow he temper . " andy ( british ) look ! I do not have to tolerate this impoliteness ! forget it -- I be gonna stop the show . goodbye ! he slam the book shut . people cheer . Andy start to storm off -- then turn . andy ( british ) ( cont would ) no , no , I be only fool . the audience groans . andy ( british ) ( cont would ) I will tell you what . would you rather have I continue read or would you like to hear the phonograph record ? the audience roar for the record . Andy smile , put the needle on and to everyone 's horror more " gatsby " come out . andy ( british - from the record ) " his presence give the evening its peculiar quality of oppressiveness - it stand out in my memory from gatsby 's other party that summer ... " dissolve to : int . college auditorium - later that night there be six people leave in the audience . Andy read on . andy ( british ) " tomorrow we will run faster , stretch out we arm farther ... and one fine morning - so we beat on , boat against the current borne back ceaselessly into the past . " Andy somberly shut the book . andy ( british ) ( cont would ) the end . a moment of quiet personal euphoria . Andy look enrapture , the man who have just climb everest . a pause -- but no applause . it 's dead silence . Andy look out ... and realize the few audience member be asleep . Andy shrug , then shuffles off-stage . in the wing , Zmuda snore loudly in a fold chair . ext . college auditorium - dawn Andy and Zmuda walk out , Zmuda squinting groggily . they drag the suitcase contain the prop . they walk slowly towards they rental car , the campus totally desert . zmuda nobody like anarchy more than I ... but this be science fiction ! Andy nod uncomprehendingly . andy let 's get some breakfast . CUT to : int . shapiro / west - day George be yell at Andy and Zmuda . they be seat on he couch , head bow in shame . GEORGE what kind of show be this ??! ( angrily read off a list ) there be three - hundred walkout ! the promoter want a refund ! Andy mumble in a pipsqueak whimper . andy I be sorry , George ... GEORGE you be damn right you be sorry ! ( turn on Zmuda ) and you -- you be the road manager ! you should be watchin ' out for he ! zmuda ( a guilty sigh ) we might have lose we focus ... George pace furiously . GEORGE when you play the Midwest and South , you don't mindfuck these people ! it 's not postmodern -- it 's rude . ( beat ) if you wanna perform in Texas , you give them mighty mouse ! you give them elvis !! andy but George , I like to push the boundary ... GEORGE and that 's great . but do it in LA and New York ! there you experiment ! show up with a sleep bag and take a nap on stage ! I do not care ! hmm . Andy think . andy how long would they let I sleep ? GEORGE I do not know ! ( he compose himself and lower he voice to a hush ) Andy ... you need to look inside : who be you try to entertain ? the audience ... or yourself ? angle - andy he do not know the answer . CUT to : int . shapiro / west , bathroom - day Andy be manically wash he hand . use liquid soap from the dispenser , then rub he hand under the water . then more liquid soap . more rub . then more liquid soap ... int . shapiro / west - day George sigh at Zmuda . GEORGE I be worried about Andy . his stress level be affect he work . zmuda ( he think ) be not tony clifton go on taxi soon ? maybe that will chill he out . GEORGE Bob , Andy need to relax . see if you can get he away from all this . take he to Hawaii , or Bali ... find something special . something nice ... Zmuda mull this over . CUT to : ext . mustang ranch , nevada - day a tatter sign say " welcome to the mustang ranch . " the world - famous whorehouse sit behind a barb - wire fence . dusty connect trailer sit in the sand . a car idle out front . Zmuda and a scared Andy sit inside . andy I dunno about this ... ( worried ) what will my mother think ? zmuda she will say , " now my son be a man . " andy it 's so dirty . zmuda Nah . the girl sponge off between john . Andy nod . andy okay . int . mustang ranch - day the reception room -- wood panele and black - lite poster . Music be play . twenty deadpan hookers be line up . Andy , nervous as a high school kid , point at one ... then another ... then the first ... zmuda which one ? beat -- then Andy become german , with a monocle and stiff walk . andy ( german ) I vill haf both ! I vill haf that fraulein ... unt ... the vun vith the big strudel ! the two choose girl take Andy 's hand and lead he off . he reach the door -- then give Zmuda a nervous look . Zmuda smile reassuringly . Andy gulp , and go in ... beat . Zmuda turn to the older , jade madam . zmuda this be a big day . it 's my friend 's first time with a prostitute . madam ( mock ) what be you talk about ? Andy come here almost every weekend . Zmuda 's jaw drop , stupefy . zmuda you be talk about ... Andy ? madam oh , he do not always call himself that . sometimes he 's tony , and wear a tux . disbelief -- then Zmuda laugh sharply . he 's be con . int . mustang ranch , bedroom - day Andy and the two hooker be wrestling . they grapple and roll around , all three of they in they underwear . suddenly Andy flip the girl over and pin they with he arm . breathe hard , he stare down . andy you let I win . hooker ( she giggle sexily ) what if we do ...?! Andy grin and lean down ... andy hey . if I give you three - hundred dollar , will you come to LA and help I destroy a tv show ? CUT to : int . taxi set , rehearsal room - day the taxi cast sit irritably around a big table , hold script . Ed weinberger enter . tony danza where be he ? ed he just arrive . carol kane he 's a hour late . ed look , I be tell this clifton guy be a little eccentric . you be all just gonna have to roll with the punch this week . suddenly -- the door slam open . tony bound in , filthy drunk , clutching a bottle in a brown bag . tony clifton taxi ! laxy ! just the factsy , maxie ! they 's all the word that rhyme with taxi !... right , girl ? Little Wendy and the hooker sashay in , dress as tart . tony feel they up , and they squeal . the cast stare in horror . tony clifton ( cont would ) eh , why the blue face ? you musta read the script ! ( he chuckle ) well , do not worry ! you pal tony stay up all night , writin ' some fix on it . ( he pull out some scribbled page ) I add I a musical number , cut out judd Hirsch , and change the location to mardi gras ! Ed 's expression go ashen . CUT to : int . taxi set - later that day a attempt rehearsal . tony be tap -dance on top of a car hood . he do a " fancy " move , and he booze bottle suddenly fly away and crash against the wall . the cast watch , piss and bored . tony clifton and now , the new theme song ! ( he start singing ) " oh yes , we drive a taxi , and we be havin ' fun . yeah , we work together , and we get the freakin ' job do . " int . taxi set , tech booth - day beleaguere Ed sit with George . ed George , we have lose two day . film be on Friday . we have to let he go ! GEORGE ( worried ) I be not sure how Andy 's gonna take this ... ed so we will go downstairs and tell he ! he point at tony , swagger around on the set . George shake he head . GEORGE but that 's tony down there . that 's not Andy . trust I , it 's like " sybil " -- Andy 's nowhere on the premise ! Ed glare . ed well whoever the fuck that be , I be fire he ! GEORGE ( he sigh ) okay . but we will have to warn Andy first . I think he 's up in San Francisco , do a concert . heh ? Ed raise he eyebrow . CUT to : int . taxi set , tech booth - second later George be on the phone . Ed hover . GEORGE ( into phone ) hi , Diane , this be George . I be try to reach Andy up in San Francisco . ( a stilted pause ) yeah , I will wait . Ed glance down at the stage ... and suddenly tony be no longer there . he 's magically vanish . beat . George turn on the speakerphone , then click ! Andy 's happy voice pop on the line . andy ( v.o. ) hi , George ! good to hear from you ! GEORGE hi , Andy . how 's the weather up there ? andy ( v.o. ) oh , you know the Bay Area ! always foggy ! Ed look totally off-balance . George wink at he . GEORGE I be here with Ed over at taxi . there 's be some trouble with tony . andy ( v.o. ) oh no ! do he get hurt ? ed no , no , Andy , nothing like that . ( nervous beat ) but ... tony 's not fitting in . his style of performance be too ... burlesque . intercut : int . taxi set , andy'' dressing room - day tony be on the phone . Little Wendy be busily refilling he whiskey bottle with can ice tea . he look up , insulted . tony clifton ( as andy ) " burlesque " ? back to : int . taxi set , tech booth - day ed Andy , I be call you up like this because I have the utmost respect for you artistry . but -- I need you permission to fire he . andy ( v.o. ) oh dear ! ( upset ) George , this be gonna kill tony . he 's wait he whole life for this break . GEORGE there will be other shot . ed Andy , I have to do it . he 's a terrible actor . Andy think about this . andy ( v.o. ) I guess I understand . but Ed -- please ... let he down gentle . ed yes , Andy , I will . Andy hang up . a relieved Ed turn to George . ed ( cont would ) thank you . CUT to : int . taxi set - later that day tony scream insanely . tony clifton fuck you ! I ain't goin '!! wide Ed be stupefy . the cast stand nervously behind he . ed we have a deal !! tony clifton I do not know what yer talkin ' about . you musta talk to someone else -- ed yeah !! I talk to Andy Kaufman ! tony clifton I do not know nothin ' about no Kaufman . he 's be ridin ' my coattail , smear my reputation . be usin ' my good name , to get place . Ed be livid . he gaze harshly at tony -- tony 's burn eye pierce through the rubber feature . ed get off my stage ! you be fire ! tony clifton I got a contract !! I be gonna take you to the department of labor ! suddenly -- flash ! Ed look over . a reporter have a camera . ed who be you ?! reporter I be from the LA Times . we be do a little puff piece on Mr. clifton . ( beat ) Mr. Kaufman arrange it . up in the bleacher - George enter . he look down at the grow debacle , and wince . uh-oh . onstage - enrage , Ed blow up . ed Security ! escort this man off the lot !! onstage - Studio security guard run over . they grab tony . tony clifton stop ! getcher hand off I ! tony scuffles . the camera flash . tony clifton ( cont would ) lemme go ! I 'm a big STAR ! in the bleacher - George stare at this mess ... and start giggle . onstage - two guard drag tony to the door . tony clifton ( cont would ) you will be sorry ! one day I be gonna own this town !! tony scream and get remove . Dead silence . then -- ed I do not want that picture get out . security guard ( to the reporter ) this be a close set . you will have to give I the film in that camera . the Guard reach for the camera . a uncertain moment ... until Zmuda authoritatively cut in , from out of nowhere . zmuda I will take care of this . Zmuda take the camera . he casually start to make he way for the exit ... when Ed suddenly hollers . ed wait -- he 's one of they ! Zmuda gasp . two guard go run for he . Zmuda barrel away , try to escape . the guard chase . Zmuda race by George , and suddenly palm off the camera into George 's arm . the guard whip by , oblivious . George grimace , unclear about he loyalty . he sweatily peer at the timebomb in he hand . and then -- George thrust it under he jacket . he bolt for the door and feverishly scamper out . ext . paramount lot - day George run for he life . he knock aside a rack of costume and serpentine between people . at the gate , tony 's be drag , kick and scream . tony clifton stop ! help ! you would not do this to Wayne Newton -- the guard toss tony out the gate . he land in a heap . in the b.g. , George crazily fly by . he get out the exit . ext . paramount lot , outside the gate - day George double over , try to catch he breath . he glance down ... and tony be lie next to he . Little Wendy and Zmuda run up , out of breath . they all look at each other . there 's a moment of understanding . tony clifton hey. good hustlin ' . George slowly smile . int . taxi office - same time Ed storm in , insanely angry . ed that asshole ! that fucking bastard !! ( he slam the door behind he ) we have a fuckin ' deal , and that cocksucker shafted I !! Ed be seethe . his secretary timidly speak . secretary um , Ed ... you have a phone call -- ed I 'm not in ! secretary well , um ... it 's Andy Kaufman ... heh ??! shake with fury , Ed stare at the telephone ... then slowly pick it up . ed yeah ??? a long pause ... then Andy 's voice calmly speak . andy ( v.o. ) you be brilliant . a flabbergasted beat . ed huh ? andy ( v.o. ) you be in the moment . you become a producer lose he mind . ( sincerely joyful ) it be the best improv I have ever see . tight - ed he think intently about this . and then ... amazingly , a magnificent smile come over he face . ed well -- thank you . pause . andy ( v.o. ) okay . see you next week . Andy hang up . Ed just sit there , astound . CUT to : int . LA health food restaurant - night Andy , Zmuda , George and Little Wendy be squeeze in a booth , laugh and celebrate . they eagerly read the LA Times . insert - the headline say " who be tony clifton ? " below be a photo of tony be throw off the taxi set . they all howl . andy this be great ! it make tony real - - three -dimensional ! it 's very good for he career . Zmuda read one paragraph . zmuda " be this in actuality Andy Kaufman ? and if it be Andy Kaufman , be Andy Kaufman crazy ? " andy ( he chortle ) Boy , they totally fall for it ! I be only act crazy ! hmm . a few awkward glance . then -- Andy grin at he meal . andy ( cont would ) Boy , this be tasty . ( he shout to a waiter ) hey , can I please have some more seaweed ?! CUT to : int . booker' office - day a slick booker , sit in a crowded office full of head shot . he 's on the phone . he 's read the LA Times story . booker Mr. Shapiro , this be gene knight , up at harrah 's tahoe . we would like to book Andy Kaufman for we showroom . intercut : int . shapiro / west - day George on the phone . GEORGE ehh -- Andy do not really like play casinos . the audience do not work well for he . booker ( o.s. ) oh. disappointed beat . the booker think . booker ( o.s. ) ( cont would ) what about tony clifton ? GEORGE ( startle ) really ?! you want tony clifton to headline harrah 's tahoe ?? booker ( o.s. ) ( be tricky ) eh , sure . we be try to expand we audience base -- and I know the college kid really love Andy Kaufman . George wince . GEORGE look -- I gotta be clear with you . tony clifton be not Andy Kaufman . booker ( o.s. ) yeah , yeah , yeah . I know ! ( he laugh merrily ) wink wink ! nudge nudge ! GEORGE ( frustrated ) no , I be serious . if you book tony , do not expect to get andy . booker ( o.s. ) ( laughing harder ) I will take my chance !! George roll he eye in annoyance . finally , he shrug . GEORGE Fine , be my guest ! Book he . CUT to : ext . sunset blvd - day George be drive in he convertible . suddenly , something catch he eye -- and in shock he hit the brake . Three car behind he screech crazily , try not to hit each other . George be oblivious . he 's stare up at a billboard . the billboard : it say " harrah' tahoe present , andy kaufman &amp ; tony clifton ! together on stage ! one night only ! " George be flabbergasted . ext . sunset blvd , phonebooth - day George be shouting into a payphone . GEORGE gene , you misunderstand !! you be not get both of they ! ( upset ) it 's physically impossible ! booker ( o.s. ) why 's that ? you say over and over and over , tony clifton be not Andy Kaufman -- GEORGE yeah , I know what I say ! but -- trust I , it 's not gonna happen ! booker ( o.s. ) sure it be . tony call I himself . he yell at I , insist that he dress room be bigger than Andy 's . they be both go on tonight , believe I ! George be stupefy . he look at he watch . CUT to : ext . lake tahoe - dusk magnificent harrah be dominate the skyline . the marquee blare " tony clifton and andy kaufman ! " George screech up in a rental car . he jump out and run inside . int . harrah' showroom - night the showroom be pack . it hum with curiosity . waiter clean off the dinner table . George rush in and be seat in a far booth , with some stranger . he overhear a heat conversation between a pushy man and he wife . pushy man you be not listenin ' ! it 's a very simple concept . wife of pushy man you be make no sense . how can they be the same person --? pushy man trust I ! you will never see they on stage at the same time ! the onstage orchestra hit a fanfare . light dim . sharp spotlight meet at the foot of the stage . suddenly -- tony swagger out , hand over he head in a gesture of triumph . thunderous applause . tony beam . the music stop . George lean in , curious as to how Andy will wiggle out of this . tony bow theatrically , turn back to face the orchestra , and wait . the noise level slowly drop -- but not entirely . tony wait , and wait , and wait ... until suddenly he turn towards the audience and scream furiously . tony clifton shut up !!!!!! everybody look up , alarmed . the general murmur almost die . tony stand there , eye flash with anger at all the unruly people . as they quiet down ... tony turn back to the orchestra and raise he arm . the musician lift they instrument . silence be total -- except for the clank of china . waiter be serve coffee . tony spin back around , livid . tony clifton ( cont would ) that apply to you , too , penguin !!! people signal " shh " ! the waiter realize tony 's address they , and they stare back in disbelief ! this be they job ! tony clifton ( cont would ) yeah ! yeah ! you ! I be talkin ' to you !! and you better freeze , or I will get you ass fire !!! tony 's outburst be so commanding that they all freeze . the waiter stand there like statue , stare in terror . satisfied , tony burn back to the orchestra and raise he arm . again , the musician lift they instrument . in anticipation of loud music , the waiter start move about . audience member start whisper . tony hear this -- and drop he arm and head in despair . the musician lower they instrument . tony wait for absolute silence . only then do he signal the musician to get ready again . they do . and then at that precise moment -- somebody drop a spoon . tony jolt , as if hit by a current . he drop he hand again , turn , and give the perpetrator a murderous look . then he turn again , lower he head , and wait . and wait . and wait . the man at George 's table whisper to he wife . pushy man he 's never gonna start ! Kaufman think this be funny ! ( beat ) we have pay forty buck for a show that 's never gonna start ! George grin stupidly . the silence be now deafen . slowly , very slowly , tony raise he arm . slowly ... the musician get they instrument ready . tony stand there , and stand , and stand , wait for something ... anything ... to disturb the silence . in vain . somebody cough . the whole scene repeat itself . finally -- finally -- tony be surround by total silence . then , ( only a moment before the length of this scene would become unbearable ) , he begin to move . tony pivot around , look at the audience ... and the entire room look like tussaud 's Wax Museum . tony start laughing hysterically . the audience 's reaction be mix : some people laugh . some boo . some ask perplex question . some scream obscenity . some even applaud . tony be very happy . he turn to the orchestra , raise he baton -- and commence the downbeat ! the music begins . a spotlight hit the wing ... and then andy stride out . George 's jaw drop . wife of pushy man you see ! I tell you ! they be not the same person ! the whole audience burst into applause . life be back to normal . Andy bow shyly and take he place in front of a prepare row of conga . he start to play . tony clifton grab the microphone . tony clifton thank you ! thank you ! I write this tune for my friend Frank Sinatra . he have a nice little success with it ... but forget to thank I on the album . he start to belt " I gotta be I " . George squint he eye , try to figure out who this be . tony clifton ( cont would ) " whether I be right or whether I be wrong whether I find a place in this world or never belong ! I gotta be I ! I gotta be I ! what else can I be , but what I be ? " tony 's sing be awful . Andy happily accompany on conga . the audience do not know what to think . tony 's singing reach the end ... aggressive and off -key . tony clifton ( cont would ) let 's bring it on home -- ( he hit he screeching climax ) " I gotta be meeeeee ! " the band end with a brassy punch . the crowd respond with loud booing . CUT to : int . harrah be , backstage - later that night George wander the corridor , look for the dress room . he turn and find a door mark " kaufman " . next to it be a door mark " clifton " . George stare . he think , then open the " kaufman " door . Andy be inside alone , gather he thing . he 's pleasantly surprised to see George . George do not enter . he go to the " clifton " door . Andy follow . George open the mystery door ... int . harrah' , clifton' dressing room - night and inside , take off the rubber tony makeup , be Zmuda . George start hyperventilate . shake , he try to sit himself down . Andy enter , beam . George be amaze . GEORGE you be so proud . you be like some retarded kid comin ' home from school : " look , dad , I get a F ! " andy but be not it funny ? GEORGE " funny " ? I dunno . but " intrigue " ... " mindboggle " ... perhaps " headache - induce " ... sure. ( soften ) like , that moment , when you both come onstage ... Andy excitedly jump up and down . andy uh-huh ! see , with all this article , people think they be insider . they see tony clifton , and they say , " ah , that 's really Andy Kaufman . " but that spoil it . so now , tony deny be I be the truth ! tony 's not I ! but maybe he be ! the audience will never know ... ( giddy ) they will think they be laughin ' at I -- but actually I will be laughin ' at they , because they be wrong and I be right ! George be daze . GEORGE so you have get this big elaborate joke , which be really only funny to two people in the universe . ( dry ) you ... and you . zmuda sure ! but we think it 's kickass ! now I get to be tony . I get to dump the glass of water on someone else 's head ! GEORGE ( he turn serious ) but what 's the point ? how will any of this make you the biggest star in the world ? hmm . Andy contemplate this . andy George ... I be at a stage where the audience expect I to constantly shock they . but short of fake my death , or set the theater on fire , I do not know what else to do . ( thoughtful ) ' Cause I have always get to be one step ahead of they . GEORGE but I feel you be extend this philosophy to real life . it 's obsessive . nothing 's ever on the level anymore . a perplex beat . andy George , it never be . ( pause ) do not you know that ? CUT to : int . andy'' apartment - night Arnold schwarzenegger , in he glory day as a body - builder , on the cover of a magazine . magazine be everywhere . body - building . women' . wrestling . andy be sifting through they . Zmuda watch , worried . andy look at this ! a evil Russian ! ooo , here 's a evil Nazi -- he like to fight dirty ! hey , here 's a evil japanese guy ! zmuda what be this , World War two ...? andy you know , I always want to be a bad - guy wrestler ... zmuda no offense , pal , but I just do not think you be build for it . this he - I n'll kick you ass !! they be huge ! Andy 's face drop . he realize Zmuda 's right . beat -- then Andy notice a issue of sumo Magazine , with a picture of a wrestler and he cute little fiancйe on the cover . he slowly lift it up , intrigue . andy maybe I will pick on someone smaller than I ...! int . merv griffin show - day close up on Andy and merv griffin . Andy wear a goofy wrestle outfit that resemble thermal underwear . he be shouting like a wrestler . andy ... and I vow to continue wrestle until I be bea ten , in a three - minute match , with my shoulder pin to the mat !! merv ( nonpluss ) by a woman . andy yes ! by a woman ! ( emphatic ) I be do this because I feel that a woman cannot beat a man in wrestle . even if they train with weight ... it require a certain mental ability -- ( a clumsy pause ) and , uh -- I just do not feel they have that ... the audience murmur uncomfortably . Andy laugh and backpedal . andy ( cont would ) no no ! woman be superior in many way . when it come to cooking and clean , wash the potato , scrubbing the carrot , raise the baby , mop the floor , they have it all over man . I believe that ! a appal silence . merv wince . some people start booing . we can tell Andy be pleased . andy ( cont would ) but when it come to wrestle , forget it ! if there 's a woman that can prove I wrong , come up here . I will shut my mouth and pay she 500 dollar . merv baitingly turn to the crowd . merv any ... volunteer ...? wide all the women be hand angrily shoot up ! we move through the crowd , finally pick out ... a feisty woman , lynne . she mutter , half hateful , half laugh -- lynne I wanna kill that jerk . CUT to : int . merv griffin show - minute later Andy and lynne stand in the ring . she scornfully watch he preen about . Zmuda be in a referee 's uniform . zmuda ( as referee ) will you please shake hand , go to you corner , and come out wrestle . lynne extend she hand . Andy fake a shake -- then snidely refuse and strut away . the crowd hiss . ding ! it 's the bell . the match begin . lynne barrel at he , craving a victory , but terribly unprepare for this experience . Andy immediately grab she by the leg and flip she over . whump ! she 's down . Andy have train for this . Zmuda get on he knee , watch , try to look official . lynne struggle and slither away . she grab Andy 's arm and force he down . people cheer . his torso hit the mat . louder cheer . but suddenly he roll over and pull she hair ! her head snap back . the crowd be incensed . Zmuda hurry over and pantomime a stern warning . Andy nod , and they separate . they do a little dance around the ring , lynne look for a hole . suddenly , Andy spin she into a half -nelson . her arm be pin . they struggle , then he throw she down on she stomach . one ! two ! Three ! and ding ! it 's over . Andy jump up and sneer at the crowd . andy I be the winner ! I have get the brain ! ( he point at he head ) now baby , do not fight nature ! get back in the kitchen where you belong !!! lynne glare . out of the blue , and old recording of bouncy piano music start play . a chicken cluck to the music , and Andy lip - sync along , do a obnoxious cock o' the walk around the ring . int . merv griffin show , backstage - later that day lynne be escort by a guest coordinator . lynne be daze . the coordinator hand she a bunch of crap . guest coordinator here 's you complimentary photo with merv. here 's you turtle Wax -- lynne I do not need turtle Wax . guest coordinator every guest of merv get it . and here 's you dinner - for-two voucher at Red lobster . lynne take she junk and hobble off . she pass Andy , who see she and grin . andy gosh , you score ! look at all that goody ! lynne buzz off . go patronize somebody else . lynne coldly hurry away . Andy chase after she . andy hey , I hope you do not take that stuff I say seriously . it be just part of the show ! ( eager to impress ) it 's like the old day , when a carnival barker would try to rile up the crowd . lynne oh . so you be just pretend to be a asshole . Andy nod , pleased . andy it 's what I be good at ! lynne stare -- then begrudgingly crack a smile . CUT to : int . gold be gym - day jumbo-sized beefy men work out , sweat and groan . in a corner , Andy lift huge barbell . George stare , pain . GEORGE merv griffin have receive 2000 piece of hate mail . Andy , merv griffin do not get hate mail . andy that mean it be a success . I wake up the audience -- like punk rock ! ( he hand he a barbell ) here , take this . GEORGE no , I be not gonna take it . if I take it I will break my back . he cross he arm . Andy frown and lower the weight . GEORGE ( cont would ) buddyboy , they detest you ! next time you make a appearance , woman be gonna picket . andy they be have a laugh ... GEORGE wrong ! you have not give they any clue that it 's a parody ! andy that 's because they have only see it once . but I will do it again , and again , and again ... ( a maniacal grin ) they will catch on ! CUT to : int . wrestling ring montage of wrestling match : match 1 - Andy throw a fat woman to the ground . match 2 - Andy squeeze a SMALL woman in a headlock . match 3 to match 20 - Andy throw a italian lady from the ring . he then proudly wave a phony plastic belt over he head . andy I be the intergender wrestling Champion of the World !!! the crowd boos in disgust . CUT to : int . movie theater - day andy be at the box office , buy ticket . andy two , please . two ticket jump out of the machine . ext . movie theater - day andy be stand in front , wait . a cab stop and out step -- lynne . andy hi ... lynne hi ... be I late ? andy no , I be sure we will be fine . Andy give lynne she ticket . they enter the theater . int . movie theater - day Andy hurry up to the candy counter . andy popcorn ? lynne no thanks . andy I really want one . ( at the counter ) one large tub of popcorn , please , extra butter . the candy girl make Andy he popcorn . he pay ... then head to the exit . andy ( cont would ) okay . let 's go . lynne be baffle . lynne Andy , the theater 's that way ! andy hey , I love movie theater popcorn ... but that do not mean I have to sit through " on Golden Pond . " lynne stand in place . Andy smile . andy ( cont would ) C 'mon . we will go for a walk . lynne ( beat ; then she laugh ) Fine . she throw down she ticket and run after he . ext . movie theater , STREET - day they leave the theater and walk down the sidewalk . lynne why do you call I ? the last person I ever expect to get a call from be you . andy gosh . gee , lynne ... I be just so impressed with you wrestle move . ext . movie theater - day andy be stand in front , wait . a cab stop and out step -- lynne . andy hi ... lynne hi ... be I late ? andy no , I be sure we will be fine . Andy give lynne she ticket . they enter the theater . int . movie theater - day Andy hurry up to the candy counter . andy popcorn ? lynne no thanks . andy I really want one . ( at the counter ) one large tub of popcorn , please , extra butter . the candy girl make Andy he popcorn . he pay ... then head to the exit . andy ( cont would ) okay . let 's go . lynne be baffle . lynne Andy , the theater 's that way ! andy hey , I love movie theater popcorn ... but that do not mean I have to sit through " on Golden Pond . " lynne stand in place . Andy smile . andy ( cont would ) C 'mon . we will go for a walk . lynne ( beat ; then she laugh ) Fine . she throw down she ticket and run after he . ext . movie theater , STREET - day they leave the theater and walk down the sidewalk . lynne why do you call I ? the last person I ever expect to get a call from be you . andy gosh . gee , lynne ... I be just so impressed with you wrestle move . lynne you be impressed with something . it 's pretty odd when a man sport a hard - on that large on national television . Andy be shocked . andy oh ! uh , I hope I do not offend you . lynne I be here , be not I ? a charge moment . Andy 's eye widen . his speech get faster . andy do you wanna to go to Memphis and get marry ? lynne ( incredulous ) do I wanna go to Memphis and get marry ? andy yes . beat . lynne why Memphis ? andy ( he speak very fast ) because Memphis be the wrestle capital of the world ! I will go in the ring , and I will announce that I will shave my head and marry any woman who beat I ! then you will come up , we will wrestle and I will let you win ! then you will scalp I , and we will get marry on letterman , like tiny Tim do on carson ... right there on the show ! what do you say ??? whoa . lynne stare into he eye . lynne and all this will be for real ? andy ( a soft smile ) if you want ... CUT to : int . mid - south coliseum , memphis - night the arena be fill with furious booing southern wrestling fan . lady in hair net . Men clutching beer can . this be a rougher crowd than we have see before . Andy stand in the ring , unshaven in a tear green robe . he 's scream at they . andy ( scream ) shut up ! ( more boos ) shut up ! show some respect ! I want silence when I speak ! people booo louder and throw debris . Andy be pleased . andy ( cont would ) if any woman can defeat I , I will pay she 1000 dollar ! then I will shave my head bald ! and then as a bonus -- that lucky lady will get to marry I !! screech jeer and catcall . down front ... lynne jump up . lynne look here , Andy Kaufman ! I will take you on -- sissy ! the mob laugh harshly . andy ooo , the little lady 's upset . well I say -- get back in the kitchen ! lynne ( " outrage " ) no ! you get in the kitchen . I be gonna make you dry my dish ! the crowd applaud . lynne grin and start to climb in the ring . Andy 's eye be ablaze . but suddenly -- a oversize Southern man jump in and snatch the mike away . man stop it ! this woman 's a fake ! she 's nothing but Kaufman 's girlfriend ! Andy and lynne be startle . andy t-that 's not true -- man it 's a set-up ! and I will not allow we great sport to be degrade by a fix !! the crowd angrily start to hiss . lynne whisper to Andy . lynne Andy ... who be that ...? lawler I be Jerry lawler , the king of Memphis wrestle !! ( this get huge cheer ) so if Kaufman want to tangle , I have bring a real wrestler ! she 's train and she 's ready !! Kaufman , do you think you can handle ... foxy jackson ???!!! at that , a strike , muscular black woman stand -- foxy . the coliseum scream with excitement . people pound they seat . the roar be deafen . lawler gleam cockily . lynne look worriedly at Andy -- he 's concerned . CUT to : int . mid - south coliseum - later that night ding ! the bell ring . foxy come out , ready to brawl . but Andy remain in he corner , run down the clock . he nonchalantly peel off he robe . foxy dance around impatiently . Andy casually remove a towel from he neck . people boo . still stalling , Andy then take off he watch . people scream so furiously they be red-face . Andy be torment they . a tattooed guy jump up . tattooed guy be you scared ??? Andy sneer . he crack he knuckle , finally walk over ... and commence a windmill . absurdly , he spin he arm around and around , dare foxy to get near he . she roll she eye and wait . the ref jump out of the way . a minute have count down . finally , Andy stop -- and the real wrestle begin . foxy lunge at he and immediately go for a choke-hold . the crowd cheer , relieved . lawler motion signal . foxy yank -- but Andy jerk away . Andy be intrigue . she 's come to play ! Andy gesture to the ref and point up . the ref look away -- and Andy slap foxy . the crowd furiously jeer . the ref spin around , and Andy shrug innocence . he then run at foxy and theatrically push she into the rope . she bounce off , stumble back - - and Andy drop to he knee . she trip over he and hit the mat . Andy aggressively jump onto foxy 's shoulder and pin she . the ref count : one ! two ! Three ! ding !! it 's over . but Andy stay on she , shaking he ass , leer rudely . Jerry lawler yell from the corner . lawler alright , you win . get off her ! Andy remain , flap he arm like a chicken . the booing grow . louder . more emotional . angry voice Jerry , help she ! get in there ! do something ! lawler hesitates -- then suddenly climb in the ring and lift Andy off ! lawler angrily push Andy down . Andy be flabbergasted . andy w- what be you do ? I do not fight man ! lawler snicker and walk away . completely overreact , Andy grab the mike . andy ( cont would ) I be gonna sue you ! ( he start ranting berserkly ) let I tell you something , lawler ! I be not a hick -- I be a national tv star ! and I don 't like a dumb cracker push I around in the ring ! I never agree to wrestle you ! so you know what I be gonna do ??? ( seethe ) I be gonna hire a lawyer to sue you for every cent you have get ! this be assault and battery ! in a court of law , I be gonna kick you Southern - fry rump !!! lawler snatch the mike and bellow . lawler yeah ?! well I get news for you , Andy Kaufman ! wrestling be a serious sport to I ! I do not like anyone makin ' fun of it , and I hate anyone insultin' the South ! so we can settle this two way : we can go to court ... or you can get in the ring with a man , and wrestle for real ! Andy watch , fume . he be infuriated . andy he -- can not get away with this . ( to lawler ) you ! you think I be chicken ?! Andy grab back the mike . he stick he face in shocked lawler 's . andy ( cont would ) ( sarcastic southern accent ) you wanna " wraaastle " I ?! you wanna " wraaastle " I ??? okay , lawler -- let 's rumble ! yeah , I have only wrestle woman , but they be bigger than you ! in fact , they be probably smarter than you , ' cause you be from " maaamphis , taaanassee ! " ( back to he regular voice , he point at he head ) I be from Hollywood . I have the brain . that 's how I win . and Mr. lawler , I be gonna make you cry " mama ! " Andy bear he tooth . enrage , lawler try to take a swing at he . handlers run in and separate the angry man . ext . mid - south coliseum , tunnel - later that night we hear noise from the main event above . Andy and lynne hurry along . she be disgruntled . he swagger arrogantly , still in he fight outfit . lynne be this a act -- or be you addict to cause trouble ?? andy ( he jokingly impersonate a drunk ) I can shtop whenever I want ... she 's unamuse . lynne then stop treat I like a fuck prop . andy ( he drop the act ) I - I be sorry . I get catch up in the action ...! she shoot he a stern look . lynne I be warning you , Kaufman : one morning you be gonna wake up ... and you head 's gonna be shave . Andy laugh . CUT to : int . shapiro / west - day George stare glumly at Andy . Andy be quite cheerful -- eat a big piece of chocolate cake . GEORGE Andy , do you realize you do not do comedy anymore ? where 's that sweet guy who use to do ( he sing mighty mouse ) " here I come to save the day ! " ? ( long beat ) please , enough with the wrestle ! you have lose touch with reality ! andy ( ingenuous ) what , you do not think I can beat he ? GEORGE he be the Southern heavyweight Champion . he will kill you . ( very disapprove ) first , you piss -off woman . then you piss -off the South . then you get kill ! ( dry ) and I do the booking . Andy shrug , lack a response . he eat more cake . GEORGE ( cont would ) Andy , look ... there 's a job I want you to take -- guest-host the tv show " Fridays . " it 's not so hot ... but this be a great opportunity for you . the show 's live , they will give you carte blanche , and you can get back to the business of make people laugh . Andy get a strange gleam . he only hear one thing . andy you say -- live ? int . friday set , backstage - day the friday cast prepare . in a corner , andy be argue with director jack burn . andy I be not comfortable with the last sketch . I don 't do drug humor ! jack burn Andy , it will be fine ! it 's what we be know for ! ( play " stone " ) " maui ? " wowie ! " andy ( lose he temper ) you be not listen to I -- jack burn do not worry ! the kid will love it -- andy ( he blows up ) but I do not do drug ! and I do not enjoy make light of they ! ( yelling ) I be promise creative control ! Andy storm off . eavesdropp cast shake they head . actor what a prick ! int . friday set , control booth - day up in the control booth be -- maynard . he smile strangely . int . kaufman house , family room - night stanley sit in front of he tv . the Fridays jingle and credit come on . we hear dish be wash in the kitchen . stanley it 's on ! janice , it's on ! Janice rush in , still hold some dish . ( the following be intercut : between the studio and the show on tv at Andy 's parent . ) int . friday set - night the show be go , live . a sniggering narrator step out front . ( during he monologue , the camera pan the audience . ) narrator in this next sketch , two marry couple be out to dinner . now ... everybody have secretly bring along a joint -- ( crowd whoops , he grin ) so , when each person leave the table , they sneak into the restroom to get a little high ... the crowd cheer rowdily . CUT to : int . kaufman house , family room - same time janice I see Michael ! stanley where ? janice ( point to the set ) there ! CUT to : int . friday set - night in the front row , Michael sit with a girl . he whisper . michael afterwards , I will take you backstage . you can meet my brother . the girl smile excitedly . the sketch be on a french restaurant set . andy sit at a table with actor richard and actress melanie . another actress , mary , tiptoe back over , giggling stupidly , play stone . mary " gee , restaurant be amazing , be not they ? all this stranger sit around ... stuff dead animal in they face ! it 's just incredible ! " she giggle more . the other three play baffle . melanie " if you say so . " actor " Excuse I , I will be right back . " Andy stand and walk out . CUT to : int . kaufman house , family room - same time janice hmph ! they sure do not give Andy much to do . stanley he say he 's come back ! CUT to : int . friday set - night actor read the menus . suddenly Andy return , a strange grin on he face . he 's sway on he foot . the audience whoops : " yeah ! all right ! " Andy awkwardly sit . he have a strange hesitancy . andy " gee , that bathroom be so colorf - - " suddenly he stop . the actor glance up . Andy purse he lip , fretting . a endless pause . uh-oh . Andy will not finish the line . the cast look around worriedly . live tv be beam out ... finally , Melanie cover . melanie you okay , honey ? something wrong , Carl ? andy I can not , um ... Andy shake he head . the crowd laugh nervously . andy ( cont would ) I can not play stone . int . friday set , control booth - night the tech director and he crew be bewilder . they flip through script page . tech director shit ...! what 's he do ?? but maynard raise a calm hand . maynard it 's okay . stay with it . int . friday set - night silence . Andy be tear up inside . richard ( whisper to Andy ) just read the cue card ! andy ( he shake he head ) I can not play stone . I feel really stupid . more silence . the actor be trap and upset . melanie you feel stupid ? what about we ?! the tension be awful . unsure beat -- then feed -up Richards jump up and storm off the set . a cameraman hesitantly pan , confuse what to do . Mary be lose . she continue giggle , " stone . " Richards return ... with the cue card . irked , he dump they over Andy 's head . the crowd cheer stupidly . andy you do not have to do that ! Andy get enraged , grab he prop water glass and throws it in Richard 's face . richard hey ! CUT it out ! melanie you jerk ! Melanie slap she prop butter in Andy 's hair . wide - Jack run up from the floor . he gesture at the booth . jack burn go to commercial , man ! ( he turn to Andy ) get off the stage ! andy I say I do not want to do the sketch . jack burn ( he jab he ) get off ! andy don't touch I ! Andy hit Jack . Jack recoil and slug he . they start fighting . burly crewmen run in . the crowd whooooos . Chaos . Andy swing wildly . the brawl go wild . actor duck . crewmen struggle to separate Andy and Jack . everyone get drag in . in the audience - Michael try to run up and help . a security guy block he . int . friday set , control booth - night the tech crew be freaking out . maynard be oddly calm . tech director go to three ! eh , go to four ! CUT to : int . kaufman house , family room - same time stanley and Janice be flabbergasted . jaw wide . on they tv - fist be fly . suddenly , the band kick in and the show abruptly cut to commercial . they stare at the tv . until -- stanley I shoulda make he play outdoors . int . friday set - night Andy and Jack be sock each other . a floor director scream at the top of he lung . floor director we have go to commercial ! I say , we've gone to commercial !! Andy turn . he notice the red light be off -- and ... instantly stop fight . just like that . Jack instantly stop too . they glance at each other -- hold a beat -- then break into guffaw . they laugh and joyously kid each other . in the audience , Michael be stunned . melanie oh my God --! all the commotion stop . the audience do not know whether to laugh or boo . the actor be flabbergasted -- then furious . melanie ( cont would ) he 's a fuckin ' psycho ! mary why do not someone tell we ??? suddenly maynard run out of the booth , beam . people watch curiously . Andy seem discombobulate . maynard shout out to everybody assemble . maynard Excuse I !... I have a announcement to make ! you have all just participate in a " happen . " to make it real , some of you know , and some of you do not . the audience laugh and applaud wildly . the actor stare in disbelief . one laugh hysterically . most be piss . maynard ( cont would ) but we do not want to upset the folk at home . so now Andy be now go to apologize and explain that it be all a prank . right , Andy ? andy ( very quiet ) right ... maynard okay , great ! so let 's reset ! Crew member start move thing around . in the audience , Michael lock eye with Andy . a odd , know moment between the brother . Michael whisper , get worried . michael Andy ...! CUT to : int . kaufman house , family room - same time stanley and Janice feel as if the commercial be last forever . janice why be Andy do this ? why ?... why ? the Fridays jingle start , and Andy 's face fade in on the tv . he look directly into the camera , nervous , stiff and serious . andy ( on tv ) during the commercial , the people at ABC ask I to apologize ... and to tell you the truth . they want I to explain that this whole fight episode be stage ... int . friday set - night the sign above blink " applause " . the audience obediently applaud . in the booth , maynard grin . andy and ... um ... ( choke up ) I can not do this . ( beat ) I - I can not say it . ( upset ) it 's a lie ! a cover-up ! maynard be suddenly very confuse . the crowd laugh nervously . andy ( cont would ) why be you laugh ? I be not try to be funny ! they threaten to fire I from taxi , unless I give in to they demand ! ( shake ) but ... I will not ! because what you see be real !! int . friday set , control booth - night maynard look like he 's gonna faint . maynard cue the commercial ! andy ( on tv ) this kind of thing go on everyday at the network , only you never see it , because they cut to commercial . ( he talk extremely fast , to get in as much information before he 's cut off ) now for sure they be gonna fire I , so if you want to see I again , you will have to come to Memphis ... and blink ! Andy get CUT off . maynard jump up , furious . he snap . maynard I be gonna strangle George Shapiro ! int . kaufman house , family room - same time the parent stare at the commercial . they be totally disorient . janice what 's in Memphis ? stanley who know ?! that kid be totally meshuga . CUT to : int . mid - south coliseum , memphis - night Memphis wrestle . the announcer stand center ring , booming into the mike . announcer and now ! the MAIN event of the evening ! the match you have be wait for : the King Jerry lawler , versus Hollywood Andy Kaufman ! the theme from " rocky " plays -- and lawler enter from the tunnel , wear a shimmer hero 's cape ! the crowd roar with approval . int . mid - south coliseum , dressing room - same time Andy be meditate , eye shut , at rest in he private oasis . suddenly -- desperate banging on the door . upset voice ( o.s. ) c'mon , kaufman ! Christ , you be on ! Andy awaken . he smile . int . mid - south coliseum - night the theme from " mighty mouse " begin play . then , andy stride in , a sneer on he grungy face . the crowd scream and boos pure pile . Andy be euphoric , loving the hatred . down in the front row sit stanley , Janice , Zmuda , and lynne . several photographer take picture of the parent . they squint , unused to all this . Andy prance into the ring . he take the mike . andy before we begin this event , I just wanna say a few thing to you foul people . ( beat ) this city be filthy ! you southerner live like pig ! so I be go to teach you some lesson in hygiene ... bring you out of you squalor . Holy cow . the crowd be flabbergasted . woman in k - mart dress gape . ruddy man in trucker cap glare . andy ( cont would ) be you listen ? ( audience boos ) okay !!! lynne snicker . but stanley and Janice be ashen -face . janice why be he say this thing ?! stanley they be gonna lynch he ! zmuda ( he shake he head ) Nah . he 's just engage a passive audience . Andy reach in he pocket and remove ... a bar of soap . andy people , this be a bar of soap . do it look familiar to you ? if you wet it , it will clean you hand . stanley 's eye bulge . the crowd be enraged -- rumbling of imminent violence . Andy smile helpfully . andy ( cont would ) and now , for you next lesson : this -- be toilet paper . Andy hold up a roll of tissue . that 's it . the crowd go nut . Jerry lawler race over and snatch the mike , try to maintain he dignity . lawler Kaufman , we have have enough !! let 's you and I do what we come here for -- wrestling ! int . mid - south coliseum - second later and ding ! that 's the bell ! Andy strike a threaten pose . lawler take a step forward -- and Andy instantly , cowardly , run for the rope and jump out of the ring . booooo !!! Andy grin at the crowd and point at he brain : I be smarter . announcer ( v.o. ) and Kaufman 's leave the ring ! lawler 's wait for he to return . lynne ( to Zmuda ) be this a strategy ? lawler disparagingly frown . the ref check he watch . Andy cross to the opposite end of the ring , gaug he rival ... then slowly climb in -- until the second lawler move . then Andy leap back out ! announcer ( v.o. ) and Kaufman 's leave the ring again ! he do not seem interested in actually make contact with he opponent . Andy strut around the floor , point to he brain . he smirk at various spectator ... until he find himself face - to -face with -- he parent . a unexpected moment . Andy 's finger freeze on he brain . Janice shake she head despairingly . janice Andy , please . let 's go home ! cameras flash . the paparazzi love this moment . andy do not worry , Mom . I will make you proud ...! beat -- then Andy get hit in the head with a cup . people hoot . disorient , Andy return to the ringside . lawler be lose he patience . lawler hey ! do you come down here to wrestle , or to act like a ass ? Andy pace around , unsure of he next move . lawler ( cont would ) look ... if you get in here , I will give you a free headlock . lawler lean down and offer he neck . Andy peer skeptically . people jeer . Andy look at wait lawler ... then tentatively climb in . as promise , lawler do not move . so Andy cross over and grab lawler 's head ! Andy grin triumphantly . he squeeze he arm tight , muscle flex , riding high on this moment . until -- lawler stand and flip he over . Andy slam down on he back . crunch ! announcer ( v.o. ) it 's a side suplex !! Andy lie on the mat , unmove . lawler do not care . he pick up Andy 's prone body and grip it upside - down . Janice cover she eye . stanley be worried . referee ( frantically gesture ) no ! no ! lawler disregard the ref and slam Andy 's head in a pile - driver !! a horrible thud . ding ! the bell immediately ring . janice open she eye and scream . janice jesus christ !!!!! stanley why be not he moving ?? Andy 's parent ' reaction be a fiesta for photographer . announcer ( v.o. ) lawler have commit a piledriver , which be a automatic disqualification ! Match go to Kaufman by disqualification , after two minute , twelve second ! Andy be splay unconscious . rage lawler promenade around the ring , arm over he head . the crowd shout crazily , root he on . lynne run to the rope , scream for help . lynne andy !!! ( frantic ) somebody get a doctor ! zmuda ( yell ) we need a stretcher !! stanley , totally numbe , hold Janice . they be on the verge of collapse . ton of commotion . cameras flash blindingly . a stretcher be lift into the ring . Andy be load on . music fight the deafen noise . bedlam . Andy be carry through the crowd , follow by he entourage . a soft object hit stanley on the head . int . mid - south coliseum , corridor - night Andy be be carry by the coliseum employees into the dress room . the entourage follow . Zmuda push out the crowd of reporter , photographer , and onlooker . he slam the door and lock it . int . mid - south coliseum , dressing room - night Janice run to Andy 's side . she 's cry . janice Andy !! be you okay ?!? Andy open he eye . andy I be fine , Mom , you can calm down . a confuse beat . stanley b-but ... we see ... you neck ... andy Nah , it 's phony baloney -- I fake the whole thing . ( beat ) it do not hurt at all . it be just a yoga move . I tuck my head in . deadpan , Andy sit up . total silence . stanley stare ... then a FURY come over he . stanley Andrew -- how dare you !! for all we know , you be dying ! look at you mother -- she 's still shaking ! Andy be splay unconscious . rage lawler promenade around the ring , arm over he head . the crowd shout crazily , root he on . lynne run to the rope , scream for help . lynne andy !!! ( frantic ) somebody get a doctor ! zmuda ( yell ) we need a stretcher !! stanley , totally numbe , hold Janice . they be on the verge of collapse . ton of commotion . cameras flash blindingly . a stretcher be lift into the ring . Andy be load on . music fight the deafen noise . bedlam . Andy be carry through the crowd , follow by he entourage . a soft object hit stanley on the head . int . mid - south coliseum , corridor - night Andy be be carry by the coliseum employees into the dress room . the entourage follow . Zmuda push out the crowd of reporter , photographer , and onlooker . he slam the door and lock it . int . mid - south coliseum , dressing room - night Janice run to Andy 's side . she 's cry . janice Andy !! be you okay ?!? Andy open he eye . andy I be fine , Mom , you can calm down . a confuse beat . stanley b-but ... we see ... you neck ... andy Nah , it 's phony baloney -- I fake the whole thing . ( beat ) it do not hurt at all . it be just a yoga move . I tuck my head in . deadpan , Andy sit up . total silence . stanley stare ... then a FURY come over he . stanley Andrew -- how dare you !! for all we know , you be dying ! look at you mother -- she 's still shaking ! andy but that 's it . I need you to believe ! we family will be in the newspaper . people will look , and they will be touch . because you emotion be honest ! stanley have a blank expression . but Janice start to cry . janice Andy , I love you ! I love you , whatever you do ...! she hug Andy tightly . Andy be genuinely shocked . he look at he quivering mother ... and then he voice soften , truly remorseful . andy geez , I be sorry . maybe I should not have put you through all that ... ( quiet ) well , from now on , you will always know the rule of thumb : anything that happen to I ... be not real . ext . mid - south coliseum - night a crowd of reporter part . they make way for Andy , who be carry out on the stretcher and load into a wait ambulance . he be " unconscious . " cameras click and flash . the ambulance speed away , siren wailing . int . doctor' office - day Andy sit watch a old doctor examine a number of x- ray clipped to light panel . old doctor I do not see any injury to you neck , Mr. Kaufman . andy be you sure ? old doctor positive . andy but my neck hurt ... and I have a slight cough ... old doctor it 's probably just a strain muscle . andy ( intent ) Doctor , I think I need a neck brace . the Doctor give up . old doctor if it make you happy ... montage of newspaper photo : Andy in the ring , Andy outside the ring , on the floor , with he frighten parent , in a neck brace , on the stretcher , etc . int . andy'' apartment - day George , Zmuda and Andy be look through hundred of clipping from the newspaper . zmuda ( read aloud ) " ... have be rush to a nearby hospital , where doctor be check he for possible paralysis . his parent be at he bedside . fan will best remember Kaufman as lovable latka on television 's taxi " ... andy it 's a rave ! Boy , if I ever fake my death , they will really miss I . zmuda it 's work for elvis . GEORGE ( sarcastic ) yeah , he 's just lay low , waitin ' for he comeback . ( he see a article and wince ) God , listen to this ! " it be morally wrong to take advantage of such a unstable individual ... " zmuda wow , you can not buy this kind of publicity ! George roll he eye . andy George , let 's not drop the ball on this . I have make some kind of cosmic career move . somebody knock outside . Andy jump up , put on he neck brace , and transform himself into a shuffle invalid . a delivery boy drag in a enormous basket of flower and goody . Andy take the card . it read " Andy , we be all praying for you . you friend at taxi . " Andy chuckle . ext . rockefeller CENTER - day George be eat with the Saturday night live producer , lorne michael . they be eat lunch in a outdoor cafe . GEORGE thanks for see I on such short notice . ( he take a careful beat ) I ... I want to talk to you about book Andy on " Saturday night live . " lorne michael squirm uncomfortably . he choose he word . lorne michael George -- I do not know if Andy work for we show anymore . that wrestle stuff ... be such a turnoff . GEORGE we agree completely . ( tactfully begging ) Andy have to reconnect with he core audience . so I get he on letterman tonight . he 's gonna apologize to Jerry lawler , then repent for all he bad guy shenanigan . lorne michael mull this over . lorne michael that 's smart . GEORGE he 's very sincere . ( quietly emphatic ) and he need you show ... beat . lorne michael nod . lorne michael okay . it would be good to have the old Andy back . CUT to : int . david letterman show - night Andy and Jerry lawler be on david letterman be show . Andy be pallid , hair shaggy , in a neckbrace and tweed jacket . husky lawler wear loud red pants and gold chain . Andy speak timidly , seem a bit daze and regretful . andy I apologize for all the wrestle I have ever do . I be sorry for all the abuse I have ever give ... ( soft ) I be just play bad guy wrestler . that 's not I ... it 's just a role . but Jerry take it personally . lawler and letterman be unimpress . letterman you say some pretty inflammatory thing . lawler he think everything 's a joke -- but it 's not . ( to Andy ) do you laugh when you be layin ' in the hospital ?? the crowd whoooos . angst flicker on Andy 's sweaty face . he stammer . andy t-there be not a reason to purposely hurt I -- lawler you be a wimp . andy ( upset ) my father say I should have get a lawyer --! lawler then you father 's a wimp . andy ( lose it ) and you be just poor white trash ! lawler 's have enough . enrage , he wildly stand and slap Andy . bam ! Andy crash over and fall from he chair . thud . he 's on the floor . Dead silence . everyone be astonished . they be all slack - jaw . even paul shaffer . try to cover , Paul hurriedly kick in with a rockabilly tune . Andy jump up , craze . andy ( cont would ) i'm sick and tire of this shit ! lawler freeze in he seat . letterman hide behind he desk . Andy storm over , out -of-control . from a safe distance , he start scream at lawler . andy ( cont would ) you be full of shit , lawler ! I will sue you ass ! you 're a fucking asshole ! ( he pound the desk ) fuck you ! fuck you ! I will get you for this !!! freak , Andy leap up and storm out . letterman you say some pretty inflammatory thing . lawler he think everything 's a joke -- but it 's not . ( to Andy ) do you laugh when you be layin ' in the hospital ?? the crowd whoooos . angst flicker on Andy 's sweaty face . he stammer . andy t-there be not a reason to purposely hurt I -- lawler you be a wimp . andy ( upset ) my father say I should have get a lawyer --! lawler then you father 's a wimp . andy ( lose it ) and you be just poor white trash ! lawler 's have enough . enrage , he wildly stand and slap Andy . bam ! Andy crash over and fall from he chair . thud . he 's on the floor . Dead silence . everyone be astonished . they be all slack - jaw . even paul shaffer . try to cover , Paul hurriedly kick in with a rockabilly tune . Andy jump up , craze . andy ( cont would ) i'm sick and tire of this shit ! lawler freeze in he seat . letterman hide behind he desk . Andy storm over , out -of-control . from a safe distance , he start scream at lawler . andy ( cont would ) you be full of shit , lawler ! I will sue you ass ! you 're a fucking asshole ! ( he pound the desk ) fuck you ! fuck you ! I will get you for this !!! freak , Andy leap up and storm out . the crowd cheer rowdily . a unsure moment . Dave glance at lawler . until , Andy stumble back in . he try to calm himself . andy ( cont would ) I be sorry . I be sorry to use that word on television . I apologize ! I be sorry ! ( dement ) but you -- you be a motherfucking asshole !!!! Andy slam Dave 's desk . Dave jerk nervously . craze , Andy look down at Dave 's coffee cup . uh-oh . suddenly , Andy grab the coffee and dump it on lawler ! lawler jump , burn . a security guard run in . Andy scream and hurtle away . he slam open the stage door and barrel out of sight . intercut : int . lorne michael ' house - same time lorne michael be watch this at home . he gape in disbelief . lorne michael Jesus Christ . CUT to : int . saturday night live - one week later a smug comic stand on stage , speak into camera . the show 's go out live . smug comic hi. um , we be suppose to have Andy Kaufman on we show this week - - but now we producer be not sure if it 's such a good idea . ( beat ) some of we at Saturday night live think Kaufman 's a comic genius . but other disagree ... they say he 's just not funny anymore . ( beat ) so we be put the decision up to you . please call up and vote . to keep Andy , call 1-900-244-7618 . to dump he , call ... int . shapiro / west - day tight on Andy , stare at the LA Times . a small headline say " jokester andy kaufman vote off ' saturday night live ' " he be bother . andy this be bad ... I only get 28 percent ! I be like mcgovern in ' 72 ... George sigh . GEORGE and this be not " merv . " this be the hippest audience on television . ( grim ) they have turn on you . at that ... we reveal that someone else be sit next to Andy . but only the back of he head be visible . GEORGE ( cont would ) it 's like you two guy want to destroy Andy 's career ! upsetting all that people ... put out that toxic venom ... ( helpless ) what do you think would happen ?! andy ( guilty ) we be just try to push the envelope -- GEORGE you be blind ! there be no envelope anymore !! ( beat ) it hurt I to say this ... but there 's only one solution -- ( pain ) I do not want you two to ever work together again . we widen ... and the other person be jerry lawler . he feel bad . jerry lawler I be sorry . we think it be funny ... andy jer ' , it 's not you fault . you be terrific . ( sad ) but maybe George be right ... jerry lawler that 's fine . but I would not have trade it for anything ... ( poignant ) because for one brief , shine moment ... the world think that wrestle be real . Andy gulp emotionally . andy we will stay in touch . next time I be in Memphis , I will stop by the house , and noreen can make I she double chocolate cake . jerry lawler alright , buddy ... ( choke up ) stay good . Andy and Jerry hug . a touch beat ... until Andy get a quixotic gleam . andy maybe I can turn it into a bit . I can go back on the show , and say it be rig . demand a recount ... GEORGE Andy ! you do not get it ! ( somber ) they do not want you back . Andy 's face drop . int . meditation institute university , corridor - day the Yogi slowly walk down the corridor , deep in think . a few disciple in turban mill around . int . meditation institute university , classroom - day nine student , sit in the Lotus position , be listen to a teacher . the teacher be Andy . andy open you eye ... close you eye ... open you eye ... close you eye ... open you eye ... close you eye ... Andy be repeat this faster and faster ; the student be blink they eye faster and faster . the door open . the Yogi stick he head in . yogi Excuse I , Andy ... andy yes , you holiness ? the Yogi signal Andy to step out of the room . int . meditation institute university , corridor - day Andy step out . yogi this be very difficult for I to say ... but -- perhaps it would be best if you do not attend the retreat . andy ( surprised ) why ?? I ... I attend every year . yogi yes -- we do not doubt you devotion to tm . but we feel that perhaps ... you and the program have grow apart philosophically . Andy be stunne . andy " philosophically " ? yogi ( he sigh ) the wrestle ... the sexist remark ... the foul language ... this thing be not become of a enlighten individual . ( beat ) it seem you have no respect for anything . Andy be stupefy . he do not know how to respond . andy of course I do ... the Yogi shake he head . Andy can not believe it . he look around -- man in turban stare at he . Andy crack . andy please ! you have got to let I take the class ! it 's how I keep myself balanced !! yogi it be apparently not work . andy so help I ! all I wanna do be meditate !! yogi ( pain ) Andy , do not raise you voice . we do not wish you presence here . Andy be break . he fight to bottle he rage -- then notice Little Wendy down the corridor , peer helplessly . beaten , Andy wave goodbye to she . Little Wendy gulp , then wave goodbye too . CUT to : int . andy'' apartment - day Middle of the afternoon , Andy lie in bed . cover pull up to he face , expression glum , he 's like a tragic still - life . suddenly ding -dong ! it 's the doorbell . Andy ignore this . beat . another ding -dong ! then knocking . andy go away . lynne ( o.s. ) it 's I . andy oh , it 's open . the door open . lynne enter , hold a carton of ice cream . lynne I bring you haagen daz . chocolate . andy ( mournful ) I do not deserve haagen daz . I be a horrible person . lynne Andy , you be not horrible . you be just ... complicated . andy you do not know the real I . lynne Andy ... there be no real you . tight - andy a astonished silence . and then ... he slowly smile . andy you be probably right . they both giggle . Andy study she ... look at lynne 's face , body , eye . pause . andy do you wanna move in together ? lynne smile slyly . she lean down and kiss he . CUT to : ext . laurel canyon house - day a move van outside a funky 60' house . mover carry box in . int . laurel canyon house , live room - day Andy sit disorient in the live room . mover bustle around he . mirror get lean against oppose wall -- and he find himself look into multiple reflection of himself . in the b.g. , lynne arrange some vase , then hurry out . Andy open a box and pull out he old howdy doody doll . he smile , then place howdy on the shelf next to the vase . suddenly a phone on the floor ring . he grin . andy hey ! we first phone call ! ( he scramble for the phone ) hello ? GEORGE ( v.o. ) Andy ... it 's I . I have get some crummy news . ( long beat ) taxi 's be cancel . silence . Andy have no response . GEORGE ( v.o. ) ( cont would ) do you want I to come over ? talk about it ? andy um ... no . uh , I be sorta busy right now . thanks . we will get together next week . Andy hang up . he just sit there ... confuse ... unsure how to react . Andy scratch he head -- then feel something odd . he go over to the mirror . on the back of he neck ... be a inflame red pimple . Andy grimace . andy ( cont would ) yuck ! int . LA improv , showroom - late night very late -- a clock say 1:15 . a young comic be onstage , perform to the dozen audience member leave . in back walk ... Andy . unshaven , morose , he quietly approach paternal owner budd friedman . Budd see he , grin , and give he a hearty hug . Andy point at the stage and ask for something -- Budd eagerly nod . int . LA improv , showroom - later that night Budd be onstage . budd and now we have a treat for you late - night diehard . the star of taxi -- here in person , Andy Kaufman ! the sparse crowd applaud . Budd leave , and Andy shuffles up . andy actually , Budd , you be wrong . I find out today that taxi 's be cancel . the crowd awwwws sadly . Andy blink . andy ( cont would ) yeah , that 's how I feel too ... though I do not know why . ' Cause for year , all I want to do be get off that show . ( quiet , very confessional ) but now that nobody will hire I , and nobody think I be funny ... I guess it be probably a pretty good job . one guy laugh sharply . Andy give he a look -- think -- then continue . andy ( cont would ) not to mention that my wife have leave I . and she take the kid . ( he sigh ) I do not know what I be gonna do with myself . my option be sorta limited ... ( beat ) this morning , I notice I have get a cyst , or some kind of boil , on the back of my neck . it 's really disgusting . look . Andy turn . the red lump be bigger , grosser . the crowd groans , revolt . andy ( cont would ) so I be think , since I be sort of a quasi-celebrity , that I could charge people to touch it . ( candid ) do anybody want to pay a buck to touch my cyst ? a couple stoner giggle and clap . Andy cough , then frown . andy ( cont would ) I be serious . a pause ... then a few curious people walk up to the stage . the first taker be a goofy blonde woman . she start to reach for the cyst -- when Andy stop she . andy ( cont would ) no , no , you gotta pay first . she nod , discomforted , and reach for she purse ... CUT to : int . LA improv , bar - later that night a busboy sweep up . Budd count money in the cash register . Andy shuffles out of the showroom . he wave some bill . andy I make six buck . that 's good money . Budd stare sadly . budd this be a comedy club -- not a medical sideshow . ( try to be kind ) if you wanna perform here , take a shower , get some sleep , and pull yourself together . come back and do the material that people love : do the mighty mouse , the foreign guy ! Andy , you gotta snap out of this funk ! if you can -- I will give you the headline spot tomorrow . Andy think . the wheel be spin . CUT to : ext . melrose - day George be drive down melrose , listen to the radio . he glance at the pass marquee -- then do a doubletake . it say " andy kaufman - 9 p.m. " int . LA improv , lobby - that night puzzle George hurry inside . comic greet he : " hey George ! " " George , you get a second ?! " George distractedly wave and move through . at the showroom door , he find Budd . GEORGE hey , what 's go on here ? budd George , you will not believe it ... I get Andy to do all the old material ! ( grin ) and he 's killin ' they ! Inside , there 's huge laughter . George 's eye widen . piqued , he go in ... int . LA improv , showroom - night and it 's pack ! Andy be onstage , play struggle , lovable foreign man . andy ( as foreign man ) ... but one ting I do not like be too much traffic . tonight I have to come on de freeway , and it be so much traffic ... ( giggle ) it take I a hour and a half to get here ! foreign man chuckle pathetically . the crowd howl . Andy 's rockin' . andy ( as foreign man ) ( cont would ) but talk about the terrible thing : my wife . take my -- interrupting jerk " take my wife , please take she . " andy ( as foreign man ) t-take my wife , please take she ... the rhythm be throw . a couple laugh . a flustered pause . Andy glance down , then continue . andy ( as foreign man ) ( cont would ) no really , I be only foolink . I love my wife very much . but she do not know how to cook -- interrupting jerk " her cooking be so bad , be terrible . " andy ( as foreign man ) h-her cooking ... ( Andy stumble uncomfortably ) uh , cooking be so bad , be terrible . the laugh be weaker . the act be get wreck . in back - George grimace . who the hell 's do this ?? angry , George hurry down front , look for the loud jerk . he scan the table ... and it 's Zmuda . andy ( as foreign man ) ( cont would ) but right now -- zmuda ( as jerk ) " but right now I would like to do for you some imitation . first , the archie bunker . " Andy freeze up . the audience be embarrassed . a frazzle confusion , then Andy drop the accent . he glare at Zmuda . andy Sir , do you have a problem ? zmuda ( as jerk ) yeah , my problem be you be tired . Andy wince . andy I , I be ask to do this material - - zmuda ( as jerk ) sure , because you new stuff 's a bunch of crap . Kaufman , people be sick of you . the wrestle ... the hoax ... andy ( defensive ) hey -- that stuff get write - up in the papers -- zmuda ( as jerk ) who give a shit ?! it 's not funny ! GEORGE - be dumbfounded . GEORGE ( to himself ) why ...? Andy , why ...? on andy and zmuda zmuda I use to think you be original . andy I be very original ! zmuda yeah , exactly -- " be " ! but now , you be creatively bankrupt . ( he gleam cruelly ) in fact , lady and gentlemen , Kaufman 's so desperate , he pay I to do this tonight !! I be a plant . it 's just a fresh coat of paint on a old break - down routine . ( back to Andy ) be not that true ??? Andy shudder . the audience avert they eye . a painful silence . " Andy Kaufman " have be destroy . ext . LA improv - later that night Andy and George walk sadly down the street . there be a horrible gloom over they . andy the world think Andy Kaufman suck . so I be just give them what they want ... GEORGE ( sadly ) Andy , they do not think you suck . they have just ... lose a reason to love you . the guy stop walk . George gently speak . GEORGE ( cont would ) you have gotta make the public embrace you again . you have to win back they sympathy ... on andy he nod . andy I will come up with something . CUT to : int . laurel canyon , bedroom - night the telephone wake up lynne in the new bedroom . she look over -- Andy 's not there . she look at the clock and it 's 4:30 be . she pick up the phone . lynne Andy !!... where be you ? I have be worried sick ... now ??... where do you want to meet ?... okay , I will call they ... lynne 's baffle . int . denny' - dawn late-night Hollywood weirdo mill about . Andy sit with bleary lynne , Zmuda , and George . Zmuda admire the menu . zmuda look at that Grand slam ! two egg , two bacon , two sausage , two pancake -- $ 2.99 ! how do they do it ? lynne they get you on the coffee . GEORGE ( irritable ) Excuse I -- but could Andy tell we why we be here ??? all head turn . a long pause . then -- Andy stiffly speak . andy I have cancer . beat . Zmuda nod . zmuda hey , that 's good ! we can make that play . ( spitballing ) and we will really drag it out . you get better , you get worse ... you die ... GEORGE forget it . it 's in terrible taste ! I want nothing to do with this . pause . lynne be puzzle . lynne Andy , be you serious ? zmuda ( grin ) serious like a heart attack ! hey , maybe I can push you around in some goofy wheelchair ! Andy softly shake he head . andy no , it 's true . I have lung cancer . GEORGE that 's ridiculous . you do not even smoke . andy ( emphatic ) I -- I get some freaky rare kind . it 's call large - cell carcinoma . lynne 's eye tear up . she hug onto Andy . lynne Jesus , Andy ! can they cure it ? andy they do not know ... they have gotta run more test . lynne ( start to cry ) have you tell you family ? andy no , no ! not yet . I feel bad -- I have jerk them around so many time . George and Zmuda glance skeptically at each other . hmm ... confused , George lean in to Andy . GEORGE Andy ... you look I in the eye , and tell I this be true . Andy gulp . andy George -- it 's true . int . denny' bathroom - night George confront Zmuda . GEORGE if I find out you be behind this , I will kill you . zmuda what be ya talkin ' about ?! I be the one say I do not believe it ! GEORGE exactly . that 's the sort of thing you guy would work out to fuck I up . int . laurel canyon house - day Andy be do laundry . he empty the clean clothes , put they in a basket , and carry they to the rug . then he sit down and start lay out pair of sock in highly symmetrical pattern . focus , impassive , Andy pointlessly order the sock like the world depend on it . lynne enter , emotionally wreck . she stare in frustration at Andy 's behavior . lynne how can you be so casual ??! andy ( he shrug ) even if I be die -- I still need clean sock . lynne you be not dying ! andy okay . you be probably right . he keep work . lynne lose it . lynne God , you be so detach !! lynne storm out . Andy finish he sock . satisfied ... he turn on the tv . on the tv : it 's " lassie . " Little timmy be laid - up in bed , with a break leg . suddenly lassie run in , hold a book . lassie place the book on he lap . the boy smile gratefully . timmy ( on tv ) thank you , girl . you be my best friend . timmy warmly embrace the dog . andy - be terribly touch . tear start roll down he face . genuine sobbing . terrible grief , until he wipe he cheek . Andy collect himself , then reach for a phone . he dial a long number . andy ( on phone ) dad ...? CUT to : int . cedar sinai , radiation room - day andy lie under the machine . it bombard he body with powerful radiation . int . cedar sinai , doctor' office - day the whole Kaufman family be gather . stanley , Janice , Michael and Carol listen to a bland doctor in a white coat . doctor the cancer start in Andy 's leave arm and spread to he lung . we have initiate a aggressive radiation program ... see if we can eradicate the affect cell . ( he beeper go off ) Excuse I . I will be right back . the doctor leave . a somber silence -- and then Janice burst into tear . stanley hug she tightly . Carol watch the doctor with great hostility . his old tennis shoe be grab she attention . he leave , and she frown . carol what a crock . stanley ( angere ) how dare you make light of this ! carol dad , I cry when he break he neck . he 's not gettin ' I again -- stanley ( impassion ) Jesus ! he 's get lung cancer ! a standoff moment . Carol lose it . carol see , that 's exactly it ! he pick lung cancer , because he do not smoke . that make it weird ! if he would pick leukemia , it would be totally believable , and we would all be go , " poor Andy , he 's really sick . " so he choose lung cancer , because he want we to be scratch we head , say , " be this real ? " janice ( try to convince herself ) of course it 's real . we be in a hospital ... michael Mom , it 's cedar - sinai ! it 's a showbiz hospital ! Andy 's studio friend probably run this place ! carol he plan this thing out . he take over , hire actor ... ( beat ) personally , I do not think that " doctor " be very convincing . michael do you notice he costume have the wrong shoe ? carol ( excited ) yeah ! he do not have doctor shoe ! a moment of total silence . all four of they look at each other . be there ... a glimmer of hope ? michael we all know he 's talk about fake he own death ... stanley sure -- but what if he be not ? ( sad ; poignant ) my son could be die ... and we be actin' like we be on candid camera . CUT to : ext . laurel canyon house - day George pull up in he convertible . he jump out . he walk to the door and start to knock -- when suddenly it creep open . it 's lynne , put she finger to she lip : shh ! int . laurel canyon house , live room - day the house be dark . lynne lead George into the shroud live room ... and Andy be sit in a Lotus position , concentrate . in front be a wild - haire man in a purple robe . wild -haired man I want you to visualize . visualize big , healthy white cell in you body . now visualize little cancer cell . now that big white cell be attack the cancer cell ... andy I see they ... I see the white cell ... in the corner -- George stare . he 's fight he skepticism . CUT to : int . laurel canyon house , live room - later that day the drape be open . sunlight stream in . Andy hug the teacher goodbye , and the man leave . George have be wait in back . GEORGE what be that all about ? andy it 's visualization therapy . he 's help I turn inward and fight the disease . Long beat . GEORGE he 's a actor . I remember he in " the in-law . " ah . Andy 's eye widen . his wheel be spin fast . andy uh , yes ... that 's true . but he 's also ordain in holistic medicine . on GEORGE - he glare , stewing . George be feed up . on andy - a unspoken tension . then suddenly , he break down . andy ( cont would ) George , what be I suppose to do ?! I be sick , and I be tryin ' to get better ... but everyone 's lookin ' at I funny ! even you come to my home and act like I be puttin ' on a skit ! GEORGE you must take a little pleasure in it . andy of course ! ( beat ) but that do not mean I do not need everyone 's support ! I can not be surround by negative energy . George shake he head . GEORGE Andy , you be surround by what you create . you be the king of negative energy . andy ( throw ) y-yeah ? well , then it have to stop ! because if this bad vibe get out ... then everyone will be talkin ' about how sick I be , and it become a self - fulfil prophecy , and then -- I be dead . Andy struggle to remain compose . George sigh . GEORGE so how can I help you ...? andy I wanna go back to work and put on a happy show . ( bright - eye ) the best show anybody 's ever see ! GEORGE do you wanna tour the club ? andy no club . I wanna reach the top ! ( beat ) Carnegie Hall ...! George gently smile . CUT to : int . national enquirer office - day a staff meeting at the National Enquirer . reporter # 1 I be work on a great cover story : I have get a guy in the lab at cedar . he say Andy Kaufman be die of lung cancer . beat . the room groans . editor what bullshit ! no. no more Kaufman storey ! he 's burn we too many time ! reporter # 2 yeah , he 's definitely not die . he 's play Carnegie Hall next month ! the reporter frown . reporter # 1 Jesus . only Kaufman would use cancer as a publicity stunt . int . laurel canyon house - night a 16mm projector run a scratchy 1930 's movie short on the wall . smiling fake cowboys and cowgirl dance , the cowgirl straddle hobby horse . they all sing . cowboys and cowgirl " I have get spur that jingle - jangle jingle ... " we widen Andy , George and Zmuda watch . Andy 's face be enthralled like a kid . andy this be great . the crowd 's gonna love this ! ( giddy ; think ) hey ... do you still think any of that cowgirl be still alive ? zmuda I dunno . if they be , they would be pushin ' 80 . andy well , call sag . it would be cool to get one on the show . ( excited ) I want the evening to build and build . it 's gonna have the most incredible end : singer , dancer , the " hallelujah chorus " -- then the sky open , and Santa Claus come fly down ! zmuda and you say , " Santa , what be I gettin ' for Christmas ? " and he say , " Cancer ! " andy no! no no no ! none of that ! I want this show to be positive ! GEORGE that 's great ... but this show 's gonna cost a fortune . even if it sell out , you will still lose eighty grand . Andy smile . andy I do not care about the money . I just want the show to deliver . GEORGE so who 's gonna pay for it ? andy tony clifton . GEORGE ( beat ) you know tony do not have that kind of money . andy then he will borrow it . I know tony better than you do . even if he have to work another ten year to pay it off , he will do it ! pause . George consider this -- then slowly nod . GEORGE okay , Andy . will do . CUT to : int . cedar sinai - day Andy silently sit . the doctor and two nurse administer a chemo drip into Andy 's body . he stare at the needle in he arm . the chemo begin . CUT to : ext . carnegie hall - night a dressy new york crowd push into Carnegie Hall . the marquee say " andy kaufman . " int . carnegie hall - later that night the show be on . Andy effusively plays he conga drum and sing nonsense word to " allouette , gentille alloutte . " andy abbu daba , abi abbu daba ! abbu daba , abu dabu do ! ( to the crowd ) abbu dabbu da ba do ...! everyone repeat . in the audience , George sing along too . audience abbu dabbu da BA do !! andy a ba du ba it la mar to go ! audience a BA du BA TI ... LA ... ma na go ... andy ( grin ) abbu da ba du ba it lama to gobo abi tabu la ! audience abbu da BA du ... the crowd hopelessly break out laughing . andy laugh along . they be all have a good time . int . carnegie hall - later that night the corny " jingle jangle cowboy " movie be play on a big screen . it finish . beam Andy grab the mike . andy lady and gentlemen ! I be pleased to announce that we have with we the one survive cowgirl from that 1931 film , Eleanor " cody " gould !! craze applause . frail eleanor gould , 75 , come onstage . andy ( cont would ) it 's such a honor to have you here . eleanor ( squinting into the light ) Andy ... this be so overwhelming ... andy well , it 's gettin ' even better ! ' Cause we find one of the original hobby horse ! do you -- do you think you could treat we to a few step from " jingle jangle jingle " ? Eleanor start to protest -- but Andy hand she the hobby horse . she blushes . Andy turn away , go to the band , and start conduct . they begin to play " jingle jangle jingle . " Eleanor awkwardly start dance in circle . Andy get excited and conduct faster . Eleanor be sweat . she dance faster . Andy impatiently speed up the music more . Eleanor desperately skip in circle , try to keep up ... when suddenly she grab she heart . Eleanor stop -- and collapse . she 's down . a horrify gasp from the crowd . the band stop play . crew member run on from backstage . one check she heart . she 's not move . Zmuda run out , horrify . zmuda be there a doctor in the house ??! the crowd be stunne silent . pause -- then one man stand . it 's Michael . straight -face , he hurry out of he seat , sprint down the aisle , and go on stage . Michael check she pulse and loosen she blouse . he press Eleanor 's chest , try to restart she heart . but then -- he shake he head sadly . she 's dead . the crowd moan sadly . Michael cover Eleanor with a jacket . int . carnegie hall , backstage - night Andy watch , pleased . suddenly , he cough harshly . Andy drink some water . pause ... then he put on a goofy indian headdress and run back out . int . carnegie hall - night Eleanor lie dead . Andy skip over and start do a indian war dance around she body . the crowd be baffle . Andy whoops , he chant ... and then Eleanor start to rise ! he whoops triumphantly . she life , like frankenstein reborn ! the crowd cheer , surprised and giggle . andy lady and gentlemen , she 's alive ! huge applause . choir ( o.s. ) hallelujah ! hallelujah ! andy lady and gentlemen , the mormon tabernacle choir !!! rear curtain part , and the mormon tabernacle choir belt out the " hallelujah chorus " ! it 's spectacular . the crowd go nut . andy ( cont would ) oh my gosh , it 's the rockettes ! yes indeed , two dozen rockettes rush in from the side , leg kick high . the crowd whoos . andy ( cont would ) Girls and boy , it 's Santa Claus !! snow start fall , and santa on he sleigh drop from above . the crowd scream with excitement . it 's unbelievable . they leap to a stand ovation . in front be stanley and Janice . they start cry . beam Andy embrace Eleanor . then he take the mike . andy ( cont would ) and it 's not over yet !! ' Cause I be take you all out to milk and cookie !! the crowd laugh . andy ( cont would ) I be serious !!!!!!! ext . carnegie hall - minute later a thousand people file out -- and thirty -five schoolbuse be park up and down fifth Avenue !!! the crowd be awed . Andy euphorically march out , push he endurance . he 's the pied piper . andy single file ! do not rush ! there 's enough cookie for everyone !! ext . elementary school - later that night the schoolbuse pull up to a school . the disorient passenger step out , not sure what to expect ... int . elementary school , cafeteria - night the audience crowd inside ... and lady cafeteria worker in hairnet be dispense milk and cookie . it 's remarkable . at a little kid table sit Andy and lynne . Andy 's face be pure joy . he watch all the adult munch on they cookie , everyone giddy at the silliness of it all . Andy smile beautifully . he squeeze lynne 's hand , then whisper . andy I do not want this to ever end ... ext . new mexico desert - day a stucco spa resort sit in the middle of the rocky desert . int . spa - same time a room with soft lighting and billow curtain . a New Age healer be lay crystal upon Andy 's body . Andy cough . his hat be off , revealing he 's bald . healer now we will place a blue crystal . very high vibration . it 's wonderful for it 's heal power . andy ( spellbound ) okay . let 's try two of that ... and one of the pink one . ext . spa - day Zmuda stand with a swarmy administrator . administrator you friend be do four crystal session a day , but it 's just not help . zmuda I know ... ( beat ) the cancer 's terminal . administrator yes . that be not make particularly clear to we when he check in ... zmuda ( irk ) look , personally , I think rub rock on people be a load of horseshit . but if it make Andy happy , that 's all that matter . the man purse he lip . administrator I be sorry to sound crass -- but we do not want to be " that health resort in New Mexico where Andy Kaufman die . " ( beat ) I be go to have to ask you to leave . Zmuda be speechless . int . spa , andy'' room - later that day Zmuda angrily pack Andy 's bag . Zmuda be seethe . but Andy be strangely calm and unaffected . andy it 's okay , Bob . it be not really work . ( a gentle smile ) we will find something better . int . laurel canyon house , kitchen - day lynne and Little Wendy be cooking Andy lunch . lynne mash up strange unidentifiable plant product . little wendy what be this stuff ? lynne it 's all macrobiotic . millet , burdock root , kelp ... Andy say it will purify he . suddenly -- a sharp voice . tony clifton ( o.s. ) what be that crap ? look like something ' my dog would puke up !! the woman turn . it 's Andy -- dress as tony clifton . a spook moment . tony 's wig , peach tux , and sunglass be there ... but Andy be barely strong enough to bark out the attitude . tony clifton how ' bout I and you doll go get some real food : french fries and a porterhouse steak ! lynne ( not sure what to say ) ... Andy ...? Little Wendy 's eye pop : oh no she break the rule ! tony get very indignant . tony clifton I be not Andy ! I be tony ! Andy 's sick -- pick , chick , kick , lick ! the doctor say he 's a goner . ( rouse himself ) but tony 's build like a mule ! Andy ask I to be he pallbearer ! I will do it for he ! I be get stronger and stronger ! here , watch this ! tony pick up a chair and start lift it : up , down , up , down . worried , the woman rush to stop he . they take the chair . lynne stop it ! c'mon , put that down . tony clifton yeah , you be right . we better get movin ' . we do not wanna miss happy hour at kelbos -- all the mai tai 's you can drink for $ 4.99 . tony jauntily turn to exit . he gesture to the lady . tony clifton ( cont would ) let 's go ! ( he start singing " New York , New York " ) " this vagabond blue , be washin ' away . I will make a brand new start of it ... " tony reach the doorway -- and collapse . he clutches himself in pain . lynne and little wendy Andy !! shock , they run over . tony lie huddle on the ground . he mutter sadly , defeatedly . tony clifton dammit ... CUT to : ext . laurel canyon house - dusk the sun be set , purple and orange over the hill . Andy and George lie on chaise lounge , serenely stare out . Andy have a blank look on he face , and have lose more weight . he be a shadow of himself . andy I can not move my arm . GEORGE ( awkwardly ) you have get good day and bad day . Andy softly sigh . andy my hair be come out . GEORGE ( whisper ) yeah ... George silently pat Andy . Andy 's energy be sap , but he force himself to be upbeat . andy I have get a idea for a new tv show for I to star in . it 's call " uncle Andy 's fun House " -- it will be a Saturday morning thing where I can goof off with the kid . you know , puppet , magic trick ... George be choke up . he go along with it . GEORGE ( long pause ) I think we can sell that . silence . George struggle not to shatter Andy 's enthusiasm . Andy smile gratefully . andy hey ... thanks for always backin ' I . George clenches Andy 's hand . GEORGE do you -- doctor say it 's okay for you to go back to work ? andy ehhh , you know that guy . if he have he way , I would be stick in the hospital , run test all day . ( beat ) and anyway , I have find a new guy who 's gonna be able to instantly remove the cancer . GEORGE ( startle ) really ? andy yeah ! he 's a psychic surgeon in the Philippines , and he 's amazing ! he rub you and suck the disease right out ! Andy beam . George stare sadly . GEORGE the Philippines ? I dunno ... Andy ... he sound like one of you character . tight - andy his voice get hushed . andy no ... this guy 's special . ( very sincere ) he perform miracle . George do not know how to respond . Andy look up pleadingly . andy ( cont would ) he 's my last chance . CUT to : ext . baguio CITY , philippine - day baguio , a tiny scratch - in- the-dirt philippine city . suddenly , a rattletrap commuter plane lurch out of the sky . it hit a dirt runway . Dust fly . chicken squawk and run . int . beat up taxi , philippine - day Andy , lynne , and Zmuda ride through the impoverish city . Andy stare in amazement . ext . clinic , philippine - day they reach a brick building . a sign say " clinic , " with a eye over a triangle . int . clinic , philippine - day a nurse hurriedly help weaken Andy sign a bunch of form . money be hand over . Andy 's clothes be stripped off . they be throw in a locker . int . clinic operation room , philippine - day a large white tile room . lynne and Zmuda roll in pallid Andy , he limp body unmove . Andy look up ... and there 's a long line of sickly people . primarily japanese , emaciate , all stripped to they underwear and barely able to stand . they have a look of desperation and reverence . at the head of the line be jun roxas at he work station : a bench , a sink , and attendant with clean towel . a sickly woman crawl onto the bench . jun impassively press he hand into the fatty flesh of she stomach , knead , search . pause , then he remove some bloody gut . he fling they into a bucket . the woman cry out . Andy gasp . the woman be help away . jun turn to wash he hand . a attendant give he a towel to dry with . then a sickly man crawl up ... Andy roll closer . he stare at all this with fear . nervousness . hope . jun impassively press he hand against the man 's head . he concentrate , search ... then pull out some bloody gut . he fling they into a bucket . the man shake . he be help away . Andy be wide - eye . he get closer ... closer ... more patient . more bloody gut . more sobbing . Andy 's excitement build . then -- he reach the front . a moment . lynne and Zmuda stare into Andy 's eye , draw in by he total belief . they be overcome . it feel like they be say goodbye . lynne give Andy a tender kiss . Zmuda start to shake he hand -- and instead hug he tightly . Andy smile , then the attendant lift he from the wheelchair . they help he up to the bench . Andy lie down . fluorescent light buzz overhead . he look over , and jun roxas be wash he hand from the previous patient . Andy shiver , anticipate the miracle . jun turn . a attendant give he a towel to dry off . Andy relax , readying for it all ... he glance at jun 's hand . jun hand back the towel -- and under it the attendant quickly slip jun a sack of animal intestine . jun discreetly palm it . he 's a fake . closeup - andy a moment of stunne disbelief . he be shocked . outrage . disappointed . flabbergasted . the faith be meaningless . the joke be cosmic . the con man have be con . Andy 's overpower emotion coalesce ... and he start to laugh . it 's sidesplittingly funny . Andy laugh , and laugh , and laugh , like a crazy man with no salvation , the joy release he , the tear roll down he cheek . his face flush with color . life sparkles in he eye . Andy laugh and guffaw until he 's hoarse . this be the best gag of they all . slow dissolve to : int . funeral home - day Andy lie in peace in a casket . he have die . his expression be pleasantly bland . almost latka-like . but he face be cake with so much funeral - home makeup , it almost look like a mask . we slowly widen . the casket be surround by beautiful flower . we tilt up ... and high above ... be a movie screen . on the screen be a projection of Andy , silently stare at we . there 's a gentle smile on he face . it 's the image from the open of this film . andy'' Pov : the chapel be fill with grieving mourner . all be in black . everyone 's quiet , in a state of shock . Andy 's family be huddle . lynne sit alone in a pew , cry . George give Zmuda a hug . Little Wendy come over ... and they comfort each other . everyone who ever know Andy be there : taxi cast , Fridays cast , tm follower , hooker , Jerry lawler , Ed weinberger , maynard Smith , Budd friedman , it go on and on ... and -- they all have odd discombobulate expression . they stare up at the projected andy . andy ( on film ) well ... my show be over . I do my best , and I just want to say , until we meet again ... please remember : ( he begin to sing ) " in this friendly , friendly world ... with each day so full of joy . why should any heart be lonely . " some gather people tentatively join in the singing . andy ( on film ) ( cont would ) so everybody ! put you arm around the person next to you , even if you do not like that person . come on ! ( he resume singing ) " the world be such a wonderful place , to wander through , when you have get someone to love , to wander along with you . with the sky so full of star , and the river so full of song , every heart should be so thankful , thankful for this friendly , friendly world ... " the curtain behind the coffin open and the casket with Andy 's body slowly slide into the darkness . the curtain close . the film end . and all go silent . some people cry . some begin to leave . most of they be just stay , numbe . George and Zmuda whisper . GEORGE it 's a perfect Kaufman audience . zmuda yeah . they do not know whether to be sad , or angry . the taxi cast be flustered . carol kane why be people leave ? the curtain 's gonna open . Andy 's gonna come out ... I know it ! tony danza sure , the body be just make of wax ...! ( a very long beat ) be not it ......? silence . they look to the front . the close curtain waft ... then settles motionless . fade out . fade in : ext . sunset blvd./ comedy store - night a super slowly appear : " exactly one year later " on sunset , two dude come riding along on skateboard . suddenly they reach -- insanity . traffic on sunset be jamme . honking limousine jockey to squeeze by . confused , one dude squint into the distance -- and he eye pop . dude # 2 oh my GOD . ( stupefy ) that 's the freakiest thing I have ever see !! look ! he point . his friend turn -- and gasp . at the comedy store - the marquee say " tony clifton : live ! " dude # 1 man , we be right ! he 's not dead ! dude # 2 he 's just be lyin ' low for a year ! we gotta go ! hysterical , the guy race up to the club . but outside , there 's a craze , pulsing mob . people be scream . Police have barricade . everybody cry to get in . int . comedy store - same time it 's pack . every square inch be fill with glittery Hollywood vip . people make chit-chat ... but there be a squeamish excitement in the air . a brood unease . nobody know what to expect . suddenly -- the light go black . a booming announcer . announcer ( v.o. ) lady and gentlemen ! please put you hand together for ... tony clifton ! the theme from 2001 start play . " daaaaa , daaaaa , daaaaa ! da - daaaaa " ! a small spot appear -- on a peach tuxedo . the light grow bigger , bigger ... the tension magnify ... people gasp ... we view widen ... until tony clifton be reveal onstage ! it 's a extraordinary theatrical moment -- without response . the crowd have no idea what to do . tony smirk . tony clifton how ya doin ' ? Dead silence . tony strut downstage . he wave to the crowd . tony clifton ( cont would ) how you doin ' back there ?! ( to the front row ) how you doin ' up here ?! still no response . until -- a lone reckless voice . voice Andy ! whoa . the crowd rustle nervously . tony grimace . tony clifton do not know nothin ' about no Andy . just some dead guy tryin ' to ride my coattail . ( to the band ) let 's hit it , boy ! one , two , anda one two three four ! the band kick in with disco anthem " I will survive . " tony start singing the schmaltzy open : tony clifton ( cont would ) " first I be afraid I be petrify . kept thinkin ' I could never live without you at my side . " ( he wipe away a pretend tear ) " be you the one that try to hurt I with goodbye ? do you think I would crumble ? do you think I would lay down and die ...? " we pan the room full of enthralled spectator . at a front table be George and lynne . tony attack the chorus . tony clifton ( cont would ) " oh no not I ! I will survive ! as long as I know how to love , I know I will simply stay alive ! " in the crowd , we pass face after face -- smile ... frown ... intrigue ... confuse ... until we settle on a man in the very last row . Bob Zmuda . enjoy the show more than anyone . tony clifton ( cont would ) " I have get all my life to live I have get all my life to give . I will survive ... " ( he hit he big finish ) " I -- will -- survive !!! " the music crescendo , and the song end . Zmuda grin and applaud proudly . fade out . the end