" man overboard " fade in : over open title 1 ext . mason marine - lot - day 1 a large sign on the entrance wall read : " mason marine boat sale . " underneath , another sign read : " gigantic blowout sale . " a dozen 17 - 25 foot powerboat be evenly space in a neat line -- family boat , fishing boat , small cabin cruiser , and ski boat . the boat be all spotless and shine in the afternoon sun . the boat be mark with balloon and sign : " on sale , " " this weekend only , " " one of a kind . " 2 int . mason marine - retail space - day 2 a large whiteboard display monthly sale figure . " c.j. " have sell more than the other three salesmen combine . c.j. mason write on the whiteboard . Three salesmen sit at a table watch he . c.j. be the owner of mason Marine . he 's around 40 , fit , white smile . behind c.j. be several black and white picture of he and * he father fishing - one picture when c.j. be a young boy hold a toy tug boat , one picture where c.j. be a teenager , and one more recent picture . meet frank , 50ish , bearded , wear a Hawaiian shirt , and stuff a bear claw in he mouth ; steve , look like Neil diamond in a shirt and tie ; and kyle , early 20' , spike , frost hair . c.j. you have get to create urgency with the customer . c.j. talk with a lot of intensity . he write " create urgency " on the whiteboard and underline it three time . 3 ext . mason marine - lot - day 3 Kyle and a customer , dean , walk around a 19 - foot fishing boat . * kyle you have get time . this thing 's be here for like six month . c.j. step up next to Kyle . continued script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 3 continued : 3 c.j. actually , I have someone come in this afternoon to put a deposit on this boat . we have get some other one if you want to look at that ? dean no , I kind of like this one . c.j. well , my customer be come at two , so if you decide you want it , let I know before then . Dean look at he watch . 4 int . mason marine - retail space - day c.j. write " begin negotiation " on the whiteboard . c.j. every customer be a buyer , no matter what they say . buyer be liar . you just have to decide on a price . 5 ext . mason marine - lot - day 5 Steve and adam look at a 20 - foot ski boat . steve this big bad boat be twelve thousand nine hunder and ninty - nine dollar . do you want to pay with cash or credit card ? adam I really can not afford that much . Adam turn to leave . c.j. step in . c.j. suppose I could sell you this boat for a dollar ? would you take it right now ? Adam turn back and look at c.j. and Steve . adam yeah , let 's hook it up to my truck . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 3*. 6 moment later 6 Steve , c.j. and Adam look at the boat , which be now hook up to Adam 's truck . c.j. look good , do not it ? adam it sure do . c.j. now of course I can not sell it to you for a dollar . but what price do you have in mind ? adam I be look to spend around ten thousand dollar . c.j . what if I could make it happen for two fifty a month , would you take this boat home today ? Adam ring he hand together nervously and think for a moment . c.j . what about two forty a month ? 7 omitted 7 8 int . mason marine - retail space - day 8 c.j. write " follow through " on the whiteboard and underline it four time . c.j. follow through be everything in sale . if you be not go to follow through , you might as well not even be here . Frank take a bite of he bear claw and nods , clearly off in space . 9 ext . mason marine - lot - day 9 Frank and patrick look at a 17 ' bass boat . patrick I have to talk to my wife . continued script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 3a *. 9 continued : 9 frank okay , great . I will be here all week . give I a call and let I know what she say . Frank turn and start walk away . c.j. move up next to Frank and turn he back around towards Patrick . c.j. be you wife home now ? let 's drive over and show it to she . patrick I think it would be better if I talk to she first . c.j. okay . let I get you phone number . I have get someone come to look at the boat this afternoon . if they do not buy it , I will give you a call . Patrick nods . c.j. how late be you up ? 10 omitted 10 script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 11 12 13 14 4a , i./e. c.j.' truck ( traveling ) - night 11 c.j. drive on the freeway , talk into a cell phone headset . c.j. what do you wife say ? ( and ) I be sorry to hear that . be she there now ? ( and ) could I talk to she ? ext . gas station - night 12 c.j. continue to talk into he headset . he put the gas nozzle into he tank and get back into he truck , still talk . c.j. yeah , I understand . I have be there myself . you have to remember , you be buy more than a boat . you be buy memory for you family . ( and ) some of my best childhood memory be be out with my dad on we 1956 Bell Boy . omitted 13 ext . c.d. be house - driveway - night 14 c.j. get out of he truck , still talk into the headset . c.j. ( into phone ) I will even throw in a Wave raider tube to pull the kid behind the boat with . they will love it . c.j. see the gas nozzle dangle from he car . without miss a beat , he pull it out and drop it into the trash can . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 15 int . c.j.' house - dine room - night 15 c.j. and he family eat dinner . c.j. continue to talk on the phone . his family consist of he two son , tommy ( age 8 ) , tyler ( age 6 ) , and he wife , madeline ( age 35 ) , who 's pregnant . the house be quite small , and the dining room area be merely a extension of the live room . c.j. ( into phone ) sometimes I and my wife take the boat out for a romantic weekend without the kid . madeline ( sotto ) you must mean you other wife . tommy why be daddy on the phone so much ? madeline he 's a hyperactive , neurotic , pathological salesman . c.j. motion for they to be quiet . 16 int . c.j. be house - bedroom - night 16 the bedroom be tiny . c.j. and madeline lie in bed . c.j. continue to talk on the phone . madeline pick up she cell phone and dial -- c.j. do not notice . c.j. congratulation . you be go to be so happy with this boat . ( and ) could you hold on a second ? I have a call on the other line . ( and ) hello ? madeline ( into phone ) it 's time for bed ! 17 int . mason marine - retail space - day 17 Steve , Frank , and Kyle stare at c.j. as he finish he story . continued script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 17 continued : 17 c.j. I be on the phone with he wife for four hour . I get a brain tumor , but I make the sale . Steve start clap . Kyle and Frank join in with he , although Frank 's effort be half - heart at best . steve you be amazing , just amazing . that 's a great sale , man . c.j . so let 's make this we best month ever . anyone who pull a hat trick get a two hundred and fifty dollar cash bonus . 18 ext . mason marine - lot - day 18 Steve talk to a young hip customer , bill . steve this be a great boat . I can just see you cruise through the harbor in this thing , everyone look at you , all the chick ask you for a ride . I could go out with you and be you wingman . the stevester and Bill out on the water . bill oh , yeah , sure . listen I have to run . I have to meet my fiancee for dinner . steve oh , a romantic dinner ? so you be set she up for a little bit of the old in and out ? Steve pump he hip back and forth . 19 ext . mason marine - lot - day 19 Frank talk to a middle - aged customer . frank you be go to need a boat . unless the government do something about global warming , this whole place be go to be underwater . forget Jesus , Al Gore be the only one who can save we now . continued script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 19 20 21 continued : 19 the middle age customer look at Frank and nods politely . ext . mason marine - lot - day Kyle talk to a older customer . kyle dude , do you want it or not ? this thing be tight . ext . hofferman house - backyard - day 20 21 a badminton net be set up in the middle of the huge backyard . c.j. and Tyler be on one side of the net and Tommy and kevin hofferman be on the other side . Kevin be madeline 's father . he 's around sixty - five and in great shape , with a tattoo of a eagle on he forearm . Tommy whacks the shuttlecock over to the other side of the net and it hit the ground . mr . hofferman Nice shot , Tommy ! you be not like you father . you be a winner ! c.j. do not listen to you grandfather , Tommy . he 's a insecure , egomaniac who resent I because I have a career that I be passionate about . mr . hofferman he 's right , Tommy . I wish I would barely get by sell use boat instead of fight for we freedom and then have a very successful career in banking and vacation in Europe . not to mention a real house to raise my family in . c.j. be not you late for you next cocktail ? Mr. hofferman serve the shuttlecock hard and it hit c.j. in the chest . ouch ! mr . hofferman Victory ! continued script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 21 continued : 21 Mr. hofferman give Tommy a high -five . mr . hofferman down for twenty . Mr. hofferman and Tommy drop to the ground and start do push-up . mr . hofferman Tyler , come over here . you be a winner , too . you just end up on the wrong team . Tyler run over to Tommy and Mr. hofferman and start do push-up . Mr. hofferman jump up from do he push-up . mr . hofferman hooah ! tommy and tyler hooah ! madeline and mrs . hofferman exit the house . Mrs. hofferman carry a cocktail and hand it to Mr. hofferman . mr. hofferman there 's a open house across the street . since you be so successful sell use boat , why do not we go take a look at it . c.j. that sound like a fantastic idea . mr . hofferman great . let 's go . as Mr. hofferman turn away , c.j. scratch he forehead with he middle finger . 22 ext . pacific height - STREET - day 22 c.j. , madeline , Tommy , Tyler , and Mr. and Mrs. hofferman walk across the street . Mr. hofferman carry ten pound dumbbell and do rep as he chant : mr . hofferman I do not know , but I have be tell . continued script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 22 continued : 22 tommy and tyler I do not know , but I have be tell . mr . hofferman selling boat be for asshole . tommy and tyler selling boat be for asshole . madeline dad ! 23 ext . fancy house - day 23 the house be gorgeous . a lush green lawn lead up to two pillar on either side of a large , dark wooden door . 24 int . fancy house - foyer - day 24 c.j. , madeline , Tommy , Tyler , and Mr. and Mrs. hofferman enter . a huge chandelier hang down from the second story . a large staircase lead up . the house be elegant and enormous . johnny cross ( age 35 ) , the realtor , tall and handsome , stride towards they ooze use car salesman charm . johnny how be you folk today ? mrs . hofferman Fine , thank you . we live across the street , but want to bring we daughter and son-in - law over to see the place . mr . hofferman they really can not afford it . he sell use boat . johnny actually , you might be surprised . there be some very creative loan option out there . mr . hofferman you would have to be Michelangelo to create that loan . c.j. I sell a lot of boat , and we have considerable equity in we house . continued script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 24 25 10 . continued : 24 johnny I be sure we can work something out . obstacles be mean to be overcome . Mr. hofferman roll he eye as he continue to do rep with the dumbbell . int . fancy house - live room - day 25 johnny , c.j. , Mr. and Mrs. hofferman , madeline , Tyler , and Tommy enter . the live room be every bit as elegant as the rest of the house , with a huge sprawling kitchen on one side and a great live area on the other . two french door lead out to a huge backyard . madeline what ungodly amount of money be they ask ? johnny Seven and a quarter . the phone have not stop ringing since they list it . I be tempt to buy it myself and flip it . johnny pull a mini-football out of he briefcase . johnny hey , kid . why do not you go outside and throw the football around . it 's a great backyard . tommy and tyler yeah ! johnny toss the football to Tommy as they run outside . mrs . hofferman I will keep a eye on they . Mrs. hofferman go out after they . mr . hofferman if you marry blake frasier , you would be live here now . madeline blake use to wear dress and love musical . mr . hofferman that 's absurd . he be a marine . continued script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 25 continued : 11 . 25 c.j. come on , Kevin . like you never soape up with you platoon mate . mr . hofferman you watch you tongue ! madeline enough ! johnny what be you current payment ? c.j. around eighteen hundred per month . johnny so if I could get you into this house for around the same amount , you would put in a offer today ? c.j. yeah , I guess . johnny how much equity do you have in you house ? c.j. about a hundred thousand . johnny whip out a calculator and start input number . johnny if you could put down one - fifty , and place a offer of seven hundred , and take a fifty year mortgage , you payment would only be around twenty - four hundred . that 's pretty close to you current payment . madeline not really . c.j. a fifty year mortgage ? I be forty - one year old . madeline I be sorry , but we can not afford this place . johnny why do not you guy put in a offer for seven hundred . ( more ) continued script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 12 . 25 continued : ( 2 ) 25 26 johnny ( cont would ) it probably will not even be accept . and even if it be , you can always back out during escrow . ( a beat ) it really would be perfect for you family . c.j. look out the window at Tommy and Tyler throw the football around the huge backyard . mr . hofferman you be waste you time . mickey mouse have bigger ball than he do . madeline give she father a look . he look away and start do rep again . c.j. ring he hand together nervously . a long beat , and then -- c.j. ( with renew confidence ) let 's put in the offer . int . c.j. be house - bedroom - night 26 c.j. and madeline enter . madeline start quickly undress . she 's piss . c.j. we have always want to live ina house like that . madeline how be we go to afford a extra six hundred dollar a month ? c.j. do not worry . it 's go to be okay . madeline do you think about the property tax ? the tax be go to be three time what they be on this place . c.j. just trust I on this . I get it . continued script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 26 continued : 13 . 26 madeline and how in the world be we go to come up with a hundred and fifty thousand dollar ? we be lucky if we have eighty - five in this place . c.j. I be go to be make some major change down at the shop . madeline what be you go to do ? c.j. I be go to hire some new guy who be really motivate to sell . and if the old guy do not step up , I be go to let they go . madeline you have be say that for five year . you be too nice . you be never go to let they go . c.j. once I get some better sale guy , I be go to make they commission only . it will starve the beast . they will either sell or they will not make any money . madeline pull off she earring and set they on the counter . c.j. let I do this for we family . c.j. move up behind madeline . c.j . we can not let fear run we life . madeline okay , mister infomercial , I be not let fear run my life . I be let reality run my life . madeline roll she eye and walk into the bathroom . 27 ext . mason marine - deck - day 27 the deck be roped off like a dock and have several piece of patio furniture on it , include a table and chair . continued script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 14 . 27 continued : 27 Frank eat a doughnut . Steve sit at the table drink diet Coke . Kyle sit next to they write in he notebook and drumming out beat on the table . Steve light a cigarette and offer one to Kyle , who accept it . Frank fan the smoke away , annoyed . frank he may sell twice as many boat as I do , but I have balance in my life . do you know what I be do last night while he be sell boat ? steve petting the one -ey snake ? frank no , asshole . I be coach my daughter 's soccer team in the regional quarterfinal . steve same difference . Kyle continue drum on the table . steve ( to Kyle ) what be you do ? kyle I be write a new song , man . frank all the great rock be write in the seventies . you should write a song like stairway to Heaven . led Zeppelin be the great band of all time . kyle you be high , dude . we be way better than led Zeppelin . you should see my guitar player . he 's a lot better than that guy ... what 's he name ? frank Jimmy page ? you guitar player be better than Jimmy page ? kyle yeah , a lot better . frank what 's he name , Eddie Van hendrix ? continued script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library * 15 . 27 continued : ( 2 ) 27 kyle no , he name be Mike . frank forget it . Kyle go back to write in he notebook . 28 at the entrance 28 harvey enter . he 's a bit eccentric , wear a old windbreaker patch with duct tape and glass that be a bit large for he bald head . 28a back to scene 28a Frank shoot Steve a look and Steve wink at he . steve Kyle , since you be the new guy , why do not you take this one . kyle that guy ? he look homeless . frank the one who look like that have all the money . steve I will take he , but when I sell he that four winn cabin cruiser , do not come cry to I . Steve stand up . Kyle glance at he and then stand up . kyle I get it . Kyle move out toward harvey . 29 on the lot 29 Kyle hold out he hand to harvey . kyle welcome to mason Marine . I be Kyle . harvey give he a once over . continued script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 15a *. 29 continued : 29 harvey I just buy three boat at a charity auction . get a great deal . two hundred fifty buck for all three . continued script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 29 30 31 32 33 continued : ( 2 ) 16 . 29 Kyle turn he head and shoot Steve and Frank a really mean glance . on the deck Steve and Frank bust up laughing . on the lot harvey I bury two of the boat in the ground and make septic tank out of they . kyle septic tank ? harvey yeah , I just put some old plywood over they and run the plumbing to my trailer . kyle be you serious ? harvey yeah , it work great . the third boat run pretty well , and I want to take it to Mexico . 30 31 Kyle just nods he head as harvey continue to ramble on . ext . mason marine - lot - later Steve stand talk to a young couple , beside a ski boat . dan and debbie , in the background , Kyle still talk to harvey . steve I be envious . you guy be go to have a great summer ! let 's go in and finish up the paperwork . you will have to take the stevester ski sometime . Steve extend he hand to both of they and they shake . int . mason marine - lobby - day c.j. stand at the counter talk to Kyle . 32 33 continued script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 17 . 33 continued : 33 c.j. you be help harvey ? kyle you know that guy ? c.j. he come in here all the time . if you want to be successful in sale , you have to know the difference between light and heat . kyle he 's cool . I will not spend too much more time with he . Kyle exit . Steve enter carry a stack of papers . steve I just sell that Larson out there . make a great deal on it . c.j. do you up sell any accessory ? steve Nah , they could barely afford the boat . c.j. Finance the accessory . steve yeah , I will talk to they about that as a option . Frank 's sit at the counter . he look up at Steve and c.j. and notice Dan and Debbie stand outside . frank do you just sell to that couple ? steve yeah , why ? frank that 's my be-back . I talk to they last week ! steve yeah , right , prove it . Frank pull out a small pad and start flipping through it . continued script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 18 . 33 continued : ( 2 ) 33 frank ( to Steve , point at he pad ) here , right here , Dan and Debbie ! Steve roll he eye . steve you be the " half deal " king because you can not close anything yourself . this be my deal . frank ( to c.j. ) c'mon c.j. , you know this be half my deal . Frank show c.j. he pad of paper . c.j. Steve , it do look like he talk to they last week . steve c'mon c.j. , quit stand on my dick ! whoever close the deal should get the money . I be just go to start take down name and take half deal . that would be a hell of a lot easier than close they . c.j. you know the rule . steve ( to Frank ) then you go out there and up sell the accessory . c.j. yeah , that 's a good idea . frank forget it . you can have it . c.j. what ? where be you motivation ? I will go out there and sell they the accessory myself ! c.j. angrily snatch the paperwork out of Steve 's hand and walk out the door . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 19 . 34 ext . mason marine - STREET - day 34 c.j. , Frank and Steve wave as Dan and Debbie drive away in they suv towing the boat . the suv be pack with accessory , literally fall out the window -- life jacket , rubber bumper , anchor , rope , a fire extinguisher , a boat cover , water skis , a wake board , and a huge inflatable yellow hotdog wave rider strapped to the roof . c.j. you know what guy ? I have have it ! you guy be -- music blare as johnny pull up in he corvette . c.j. turn and see johnny Cross . johnny hey , Captain , so this be you lot ? johnny step forward and hold out he hand to Frank and Steve . johnny johnny Cross . a pleasure to meet you . they shake hand . c.j. have you hear anything on my offer ? johnny it 's be handle by another agent in the office . I be get out of real estate . c.j. really ? johnny that 's actually why I come by . ( beat ) I have sell all kind of stuff from lemonade when I be a kid to car to real estate , and I have always be the best . and while I love to sell , I have never love what I be sell . Frank roll he eye . johnny when I be a kid , my grandfather use to take I fishing . ( more ) continued script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 20 . 34 continued : 34 johnny ( cont would ) we would leave early in the morning when the lake be like glass . I use to love watch the wake from the motor behind the boat . to this day , the smell of gasoline and two -stroke oil bring I right back there . so when you and I meet , it be like I get slap in the face . why not sell boat ? I bring my work history with some reference . johnny hand c.j. he resume . c.j. glance at it . frank we do not need another salesman . c.j. actually , we do . we be head into the busy season . ( to johnny ) but you really have to know boat to be able to sell they . johnny I learn quickly . give I a shot . you will not be sorry . c.j. hesitates . johnny I will work on commission only . it 's ano lose situation . c.j. consider this . c.j. would not you make a lot more money in real estate ? johnny it 's not about the money . I have get plenty . I just want to do something I enjoy for a change . steve let 's see if he can sell to harvey . c.j. great idea . if you can sell a boat to harvey , you get the job . continued script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 34 continued : ( 2 ) johnny money in the bank . c.j. ( call to Kyle ) Kyle . come over here for a second . 35 other side of the lot johnny approach harvey . johnny hello , welcome to mason Marine . harvey thanks . be you new ? johnny I start today . how can I help you ? harvey I want to take a trip to Mexico ina boat I buy for a hundred dollar , but the gas tank be not big enough . I be think of construct a raft and put six 55 - gallon drum on it and fill they with gas and run a fuel line from the raft to my motor . do you think it would work ? johnny that 's very macgyver of you . but , no , I do not think it will work . I do however have the perfect boat for you . wait here . 21 . 34 35 johnny show harvey over to the deck and pull out a chair for harvey to sit in . 36 moment later harvey sit on the deck wait . 36 behind he , in the distance , johnny pull a beat up old dingy out of the dumpster . johnny push the dingy on a wheelbarrow up to harvey . boat be a real piece of crap . johnny we be have a sale on this boat . it 's only a hundred dollar . this continued script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library * * 22 . 36 continued : 36 harvey a hundred dollar ? for that ? johnny how much would you pay for it ? harvey I will give you ten dollar for it . it actually would make a good planter for some of my cacti . johnny pause like he 's really think about this offer . johnny no . I can not go that low . it will not take much to get this back on the water . I think I will keep this one for myself . johnny start roll the wheelbarrow away . harvey okay , twenty - five . johnny thirty - five and it 's yours . harvey I will take it . 37 a minute later 37 johnny , c.j. , Frank , Steve , and Kyle watch as harvey drive away with the dingy in the back of he truck . johnny hand c.j. thirty - five dollar . frank that do not count . that be in the dumpster . johnny nobody say which boat . frank yeah , but -- c.j. you be hire . c.j. and johnny shake hand . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 23 . 38 ext . mason marine - deck - day 38 johnny , Kyle , Steve , and Frank sit on the deck . a half empty box of doughnut sit on the table . Frank eat a maple log . johnny read a boat magazine . c.j. exit the shop push a dolly with a helium tank on it . c.j. let 's start blow up some balloon and make this place look like we be have a party . johnny get up , follow by Kyle . johnny aye aye , Captain . steve I will be right there . let I just finish this cigarette . frank let I just hit the head real quick . Frank exit . 39 ext . mason marine - lot - day 39 johnny and Kyle stand blow up balloon . johnny what be they deal ? be they here to sell or eat free doughnut ? kyle yeah , they be a little lazy , but they know how to sell boat . johnny be you kid ? listen , Kyle , I be about to sell more than the three of you combine . if you want to learn how to sell , you come talk to I . kyle yeah , I appreciate that , but I be only go to be here for a couple more week . my band be about to be sign . Frank exit carry a big sign that say " super gigantic blowout sale . " ( the word " super " have be add to the old sign . ) he hang the sign on the fence , crooked , and walk away . johnny walk over to the sign and straighten it . continued script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 24 . 39 continued : 39 johnny sale be all about the detail . 40 ext . mason marine - lot - day 40 johnny and gary look at a 22 ' Boston whaler . johnny do I hear a bit of a accent ? where be you from ? gary asheville , North Carolina . johnny really , I live in asheville . right off tunnel Road by Pete 's diner . gary no kid . I use to eat there all the time . johnny yeah , Pete 's a great guy . if you be back in asheville , tell he I say hello . gary I will do that . johnny pass the hull of the boat . johnny I hate to see it go , but if someone 's go to buy it , I would really like you to have it . this be my grandfather 's whaler . he teach I how to fish and chase woman in this boat . gary really , then why be you sell it ? johnny he just pass away and it 's too emotional when I fish out of it now . gary I be really sorry about that . johnny thanks . he take great care of this boat . you be not go to find one in better condition . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 41 42 43 44 45 25 . ext . mason marine - STREET - day 41 the whaler be hook up to Gary 's truck . johnny pull the chain connect the trailer to the truck to make sure they be secure . johnny you be all set . johnny wave and Gary drive away . on the lot 42 Frank stand beside a ski boat talk to a young customer . frank it 's the mercruiser 4.3 liter . the way the Republicans have screw up gas price , you better off with this one than the 5.0 . it 's get plenty of pep and be a lot better on gas . on the other side of the lot 43 Kyle stand beside a low - profile , high performance boat . kyle this be a pussy - boat . you will get so much play in this thing , you dick will fall off . the camera pan over to a 80 - year -old man wear a floppy , white fishing hat . 80 -year-old Son , it fall off year ago . you get anything I can fish out of ? across the lot 44 Steve stand beside a fishing boat talk to a man and he son , larry and larry junior . Steve be smoking a cigarette . steve my dad never take I fishing when I be a kid . now I hate he ... just kid ... he 's a great guy ... when he 's not drink . so what do you think , cash or charge ? elsewhere on the lot 45 johnny kneel down at the back of another truck . he pull on the safety chain , make sure they be tight . continued script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library * 26 . 45 continued : 45 johnny okay , you be good to go . enjoy yourself out on the water . the truck drive off towing the boat . johnny walk back toward the building . the sun be set . c.j. stand in the doorway . Frank walk by . c.j. how would it go with that customer ? frank Real good . he 's get to check with he credit union and then he will be back this weekend . c.j. do you get he phone number ? frank nope . trust I , my customer call I back . c.j. come on , Frank , you know better than that . Frank shrug , go into the building . 46 int . c.j.' house - dine room - night 46 c.j. enter , talk on the phone . c.j. ( into phone ) great , great , you be go to love this boat . I will see you tomorrow . madeline approach c.j. as he hang up the phone . madeline they accept we offer on the house . c.j. pause for a moment , unsure . c.j. great , that 's fantastic ! madeline be it ? continued script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 27. 46 continued : 46 c.j. absolutely . thing be go great down at the shop . johnny be just a phenomenal salesman . Tommy and Tyler enter . Tyler carry tuggy the tug boat , the old toy tug boat that be see earlier in the picture of c.j. and he father . Tyler set tuggy on the table . madeline Tyler , take tuggy off the table . Tyler set tuggy on the floor . c.j. ( to the kid ) we be move to the new house ! tommy will I get my own room ? c.j. yes , you will . tyler can I get a dog ? madeline only if it 's a sled dog that can pull down a extra pay check . ( to c.j. ) we be go to need every dollar we can get to pay for this house . 47 ext . mason marine - lot - day 47 johnny stand beside a Ranger bass boat talk to a customer , matt . Frank stand nearby . johnny do you want the hundred and fifty horsepower motor for a extra five hundred or the ninety horsepower motor for the advertise price ? matt it do not come with this motor ? johnny not for that price . we would lose we shirt if we do that . the ninety horsepower be a fine motor . it will get the job do , but this boat will scream with that hundred and fifty . continued script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 28. 47 continued : 47 Frank walk up . frank the hundred and fifty horsepower motor come standard with this boat . johnny be you sure ? frank positive . johnny wow , my mistake . this boat be a hell of a deal . thanks , Frank . johnny turn back to Matt . johnny sorry about that , Matt , but it 's all the better deal for you . since you be save five hundred dollar , let 's take a look at a bimini top and some accessory to really cherry it out . 48 int . mason marine - c.j.' office - day 48 johnny enter carry a stack of paperwork . johnny I get full bill on that Ranger and sell about a grand worth of accessory . c.j. that 's great ! you be do a terrific job . I would venture to say that you be almost as good a salesman as I be . johnny smile and turn to leave , but then turn back to c.j. johnny you and I should have a sell - off . you know , just for fun . c.j. I would not want to embarrass you in front of the other guy . johnny right , right . well if you change you mind , let I know . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 29 . 49 int . mason marine - bathroom - day 49 Frank enter the bathroom . johnny shoot in after he and push he up against the wall . johnny listen Jimmy buffett , if you ever cut in on one of my sale again , you will be eat you doughnut through a straw . johnny throw Frank to the side and walk away . Frank rub he sore neck . 50 ext . mason marine - deck - day 50 johnny wave to another customer , who drive away towing a boat . Frank , Kyle , and Steve sit on the deck . Steve and Kyle smoke . kyle that guy can really sell , huh ? frank I could sell ten time as many boat as he do if I be willing to flush my integrity down the toilet . steve yeah , right . johnny approach they . c.j. walk out of the building . c.j. great sale today . johnny thanks , man . hey , you guy want to go grab a beer ? frank no , thanks . my daughter have a soccer game . kyle I get band practice . steve can not , man . I get a little of this wait for I . Steve pump he hip as he stand up and start move away . steve I meet this fine honey online . continued script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 50 continued : 30 . 50 c.j. I know it 's none of my business , but you have a great wife at home . be this girl really worth the risk ? steve let I put it to you like this -- she 's try to set up a threesome with she mom . kyle sweet ! steve ( to johnny ) Count I in next time for that beer . I really want to hear about how you make all that sale today . Steve exit . johnny look like it 's just I and you . c.j. I would love to , but my wife be go to have dinner on the table in half a hour . johnny come on . just one beer . I get some idea I want to bounce off of you . I think they could really get this lot go . 51 int . bar - night 51 c.j and johnny sit at the bar . johnny I just love that feel when you have get they and there 's nothing they can do . you be a big old cheshire cat grin down at the little mouse in the corner and they be go to buy whatever you be sell . God it 's good ! c.j. man , I wish the other guy have the passion for sell you and I have . johnny it 's addictive . all you have to do be give they a taste of the drug . continued script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 51 continued : 31 . 51 c.j. believe I , I have try . they just do not seem to get it . johnny you have to think outside the box . when I be sale manager at Greensboro Ford , I hire a really hot secretary to motivate the guy . she have this big fake tit and a tight little ass . the top salesman of the day get to bang she . c.j. be she a prostitute ? johnny she be not fuck that redneck for fun . c.j. laugh a bit nervously . johnny smi johnny anybody can sell . you just have to find they button . c.j. you do not know Frank very well . johnny why do not you let I manage the guy for a while ? I have get some idea I think will get they sell . c.j. I do not know , I be not sure how they would take it with you be here such a short time . johnny I outsell the three of they put together . c.j. Frank will not listen to I . he 's never go to listen to you . johnny come on , just try it for a month and if it do not work , I will go back to straight sell . if it do work , I get a half point on everything they sell . les at c.j. like a cheshire cat . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 32. 52 int . mason marine - lobby - day 52 Kyle , Steve , and johnny be seat , eat doughnut and drink coffee . Frank enter and look at the half empty box of doughnut . frank who take the bear claw ? johnny the early bird get the worm . johnny greedily bite into the bear claw . frank I will give you a fuck worm . Frank grab another doughnut . c.j. enter . c.j. I have a announcement to make . as you all know , johnny be a seasoned salesman and have be a great asset to the lot since he start . even though he have not be here long , he 's really prove himself . I be not sure I have do the best job in manage you guy and motivate you to sell . with that in mind , I be go to promote johnny to sale manager . you will all be report to he from now on . frank I quit . c.j. Frank , change be hard , but just give it a chance . you can learn a lot from johnny . he really be a great salesman . frank whatever . c.j. johnny , the floor be yours . I have to go pick up a couple of boat . c.j. leave . johnny stand up in front of Kyle , Frank , and c.j. continued script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 33. 52 continued : 52 johnny I be here to help you guy , to teach you to sell . I want we all to make a lot of money . Steve start clapping . johnny save it , Steve . Steve stop clap . johnny but let I tell you something . this shit about hang out on the deck smoking , not help out with the balloon , be a bunch of lazy ass ... that dog do not hunt . you guy have have it too easy for too long . thing be about to change around here , and you be go to have to start produce . steve we will just follow you lead , big man . johnny shut up , Steve . I do not need you fuck brown - nose bullshit . ( and ) if you guy get out of line , I be not afraid to hit you . Frank , Steve , and Kyle all look at each other , dumbstruck . johnny it 's call tough love . I want we to be like a family . I know how to sell , and believe I , I want to teach you guy everything I know a lot more than I want to smash you fuck face in . 53 ext . mason marine - lot - day 53 Frank shake victor be hand . Victor be a tattooe hombre wear a wife -beater . frank okay , great , check back with we next week . continued script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 34. 53 continued : 53 54 Victor walk away . johnny move up next to Frank . johnny do you get he contact information ? Frank sigh . frank no . my customer call I back ... johnny pull out a small hand - hold tazer and touch Frank 's arm with it ... 222222222222 . Frank shudder as the electricity flow through he and he fall to the ground . Steve , sit on the deck , see what just happen . steve what be that ? johnny a motivational technique . ( point toa customer ) now go help that customer and make sure you sell some accessory . steve yes , sir , big man . Steve jump up , throw he cigarette aside , and move out towards the customer . ext . mason marine - STREET - day 54 johnny catch up with Victor . johnny hey , I be the sale manager . I just want to see if there be anything I could do to get you business . victor I be look for something big and fast . johnny we have get a twenty - foot four winn that will run in the mid fifty . victor not big enough . not fast enough . I be look for something that 's at least twenty - five foot and will do eighty . continued script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 35 *. 54 continued : 54 johnny I can get you that boat . let I get you phone number and I will call you . johnny take out a pen and start write Victor 's phone number down . 55 int . mason marine - c.j' office - day 55 c.j. sit at he desk nervously look at picture of he new house . johnny enter and see the picture . johnny that sure be a nice house . c.j. yeah , it really be . but between you and I , I do not know if I can really afford it . johnny move behind c.j. to get a better look at the picture , rest a hand on c.j. 's shoulder . johnny we be go to get you that house . c.j. how ? do you have a extra seven and a quarter you can give I ? johnny no . but I have get some new motivational technique I want to try out on the guy . if they work , it will earn we at least that much . c.j. what ever you need to do to get that guy sell , just go and do it . 56 ext . franks house - backyard - day 56 Frank 's daughter , lucy , who look surprisingly like Frank , kick the ball to Frank . frank great kick ! johnny move up next to Frank , clapping . johnny be that you daughter ? continued script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 35a *. 56 continued : 56 frank yeah . johnny what a great little athlete she be . lucky girl , she look just like you . and then it dawns on Frank that it 's a little strange that johnny be there . frank what be you do here ? johnny I be in the neighborhood . ( a beat ) I tell you , I want to be you friend and you boss . frank uh , yeah , right . do I a favor , do not come by my house anymore . johnny slide the tazer gun out of he pocket just enough for Frank to see it . Frank quickly back away . johnny you will have to have I over for dinner sometime . ( to Lucy ) see you later . johnny wave as he exit . 57 omitted 57 script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 58 59 36 *. int . HOTEL room - night 58 Steve and he mistress , andrea , be in bed have sex doggie - style . andrea be a bbw ( big beautiful woman ) . steve who 's you daddy ?! tell I , baby , who 's you daddy ?! do it feel good have that big thing inside you ? ext . HOTEL - parking lot - night 59 johnny 's corvette be park next to Steve 's car . johnny get out of he car hold a camera . steve ( 0.s. ) the stevester 's you daddy ! script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 37. 60 int . c.j. be house - dine room - day 60 madeline prepare breakfast . c.j. 's phone ring . he answer it . c.j. ( into phone ) hey , johnny , what 's up ? johnny ( v.o. ) Captain , I be on fire . I have gota customer look for a 22 - foot center console . I be wonder if you have anything like that ? c.j. ( into phone ) I be look at one yesterday . I will go pick it right up , now . madeline or you could have breakfast with you family . c.j. maybe tomorrow . I can not right now . I have get to go pick up a boat . johnny ( v.o. ) you know what , the customer 's not come back until three . stay and have breakfast with you family . c.j. ( into phone ) be you sure ? johnny ( v.o. ) yeah , Captain , I have get everything cover down here . c.j. ( into phone ) okay , well thanks . c.j. hang up the phone . c.j. what 's for breakfast ? 61 int . mason marine - c.j.' office - day 61 Steve sit across from johnny . continued script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 38. 61 continued : 61 johnny you be do better , but there 's a lot of room for improvement . steve yes , sir , big man , but do not worry -- johnny ( interrupt ) at the end of the day , it 's all about the number , and yours just be not there . here 's the deal . johnny pull out a manila folder fill with picture of Steve and andrea have sex . johnny you either start sell or I be send this to you wife . johnny start hand the picture , one by one , across to Steve . Steve 's face go pale . johnny be she mom still in town for the threesome or do she swim back to the Arctic ? johnny wait for a response , then flip the last picture to Steve , a picture of johnny have sex with andrea doggie - style . close on picture johnny wear a cowboy hat , look at the camera with a huge grin on he face , and be give the " thumb up . " johnny ( o.s. ) who 's you daddy ? 62 ext . used car lot - day 62 c.j. talk with a car salesman . Three boat , include the 22 - foot center console , sit in the very back of the lot . car salesman I get they in trade . I do not have any way of sell they . ten thousand dollar for all three of they . continued script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 62 63 64 65 66 39 . continued : 62 deal . int . mason marine - c.j' office - day 63 johnny sit at he desk , Frank sit in front of he . johnny you have show some improvement , but you number need to be about double what they be now . frank yeah , blow I . johnny it would be a real shame if you daughter lose she leg and could not play soccer anymore . frank you know what , fuck you ! ( give johnny the finger ) I quit ! johnny no , you do not quit , you sell . Frank get up and leave . johnny follow Frank with he stare . int . franks house - lucy room - night 64 Lucy scream . Frank enter . in a pile on Lucy 's bed be several stuffed animal with they leg cut off . int . club - night 65 Kyle be on stage rocking with he band . a crowd of about fifty people dance along to the music . a gaggle of hot chick line the front row , scream at Kyle . johnny be in the back at the bar drink and listen to the music . ext . club - back alley - night 66 Kyle 's band move they equipment into a minivan . Kyle and johnny stand in the alley smoking . continued script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 40. 66 continued : 66 johnny you guy be actually pretty good . you could go place . kyle we get a meeting with a major label next week . johnny nod and puff on he cigarette . johnny you really have to sell you band to the record company . kyle it 's art , man , not a boat . johnny throw he cigarette down and stomp it out . the drummer walk by push a cart with a drum set on it . johnny everything in life be sale . the drummer start load the van with the drum kit . johnny see that drum kit ? someone sell it to you drummer . you van ? someone sell it to you parent . this building ? sold to the owner . the concrete we be stand on ? sold to the city . do you invite industry people to you show and tell they how great you band be ? kyle yeah . johnny why ? kyle so they will sign we . johnny kind of like we invite customer to the lot to buy a great boat ? kyle well ... I guess . johnny I do not care if it 's a boat or the great song ever write . ( more ) continued script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 66 67 68 41 . continued : ( 2 ) 66 johnny ( cont would ) they both have to be sell and the technique be the same . always have be , always will be . Kyle think , nods . int . steve's car / ext . marina - dock - day 67 Frank and Steve sit in the car , wear fishing gear . steve he have picture of I and andrea have sex . he say if I do not sell , he would show they to my wife . frank I know it ! he threaten to cut off Lucy 's leg if I do not sell . Frank hold up a stuffed animal with cotton spilling out of the hole where it 's leg be . frank he leave this as a call card so I would know he be serious . steve shit . what be we go to do ? frank we get to go to the cop . steve and tell they what ? that I be cheating on my wife , and you think he tore the leg off winnie the pooh to get you to sell more boat ? they sit in silence for a beat . frank we need to tell c.j. what 's go on . he will listen to we . ext . boat - ocean - day 68 catalina Island can be see in the background . a grady White fishing boat drift along . Steve , Frank , and c.j. all have they fishing rod out . Steve suddenly pull up sharply on he pole . continued script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 42. 68 continued : 68 steve here we go ! Steve start reeling he rod as it bend down toward the water . suddenly the line go slack and the pole come up . steve damn ! frank you get too anxious . you have to play the fish . steve thanks " old man and the sea . " c.j. ( laugh ) I really enjoy be out on the water with you guy . thanks to johnny , we will be able to do this more often . a long silence . Steve glance at Frank . frank c.jd. , we know how much you like johnny , but he 's a sociopath . c.j . what be you talk about ? frank he 's cheating customer . he shocked I with a tazer gun when I do not get a customer 's phone number . and he threaten to cut off Lucy 's leg if I do not sell more . steve Frank 's right , the guy be crazy . c.j. now come on guy , you have be watch too many mob movie . he 's not go to cut off anybody 's leg . johnny be a little outside the box with he method , but he 's not go to hurt you . frank what about the tazer ? continued script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 43. 68 continued : ( 2 ) 68 c.j . it do get you sell . frank yeah , and my ball glow in the dark now . c.j . I will tell you what , I will talk to he and tell he to tone it down a bit . Steve set he pole down to grab a beer from the cooler . frank I would not leave you pole there . steve it will be fine . as Steve reach for a beer , he fishing pole jerk teach and whip over the side of the boat . Steve react , stop . he open he beer and take a sip like nothing happen . 69 ext . mason marine - deck - day 69 johnny and Kyle sit on the deck . a customer , quincy , come onto the lot . johnny get to know he a bit and then start a negotiation . ask he if he would buy the boat for a dollar . once he agree to that , it 's just a matter of decide on a price . johnny see quincy look at a wellcraft bow Rider . johnny go get he , tiger . Kyle head out towards quincy . 70 ext . mason marine - lot - day 70 Kyle and quincy stand beside the wellcraft bow Rider . kyle would you buy this boat for a dollar ? continued script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 44 , 70 continued : 70 quincy sure . kyle well , I can not do that , but what price be you think ? 71 ext . mason marine - lot - day 71 c.j. and johnny blow up balloon . c.j. I know this be probably ridiculous , so do not take this the wrong way . but do you shock Frank with some kind of a stun gun ? johnny pull out he tazer gun . johnny I be just kid around with he . it do not really hurt . it 's make for training dog . c.j. I think it upset Frank , so maybe you better not shock he anymore . johnny yeah , yeah , no problem , Captain . c.j. hang the sign on the wall . it read : " super duper gigantic blowout sale . " 72 across the lot 72 Frank stand , eat a jelly doughnut . johnny approach . johnny do you tell c.j. I tazer you ? frank no. johnny put the tazer on Frank 's arm and 22222222222 , Frank shake , throw he doughnut in the air . he fall to the ground . johnny walk away . 73 int . mason marine - retail space - day 73 Steve stand with a customer , rusty . continued script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 45 . 73 continued : 73 steve the coast guard require a horn , a throwable cushion , flare , and a life preserver for every person on the boat . do you have any of that ? rusty uh ... no . Steve start gather the item off the shelf . steve you will probably want a anchor . it would be a bummer to drift away . rusty yeah , I guess it would . Steve put all the thing in a pile on the floor and hurry over to grab a anchor . 74 ext . mason marine - lot - day 74 Frank stand with a customer , SAM . SAM thanks for all of you help . I will give you a call tomorrow after I talk with my wife . frank sound good . let I get you phone number , and if any other boat come in , I will give you a call . johnny stand nearby smoking a cigarette . he nods in approval and walk away . 75 int . mason marine - lot - later 75 johnny stand beside a Larson family boat , show it to troy closson and he wife , jennifer . jennifer I want something really safe . I be scared to death of the water and I do not swim well . johnny laugh and put he hand on she shoulder . johnny you have my word , you will leave here with a safe , quality boat that will not sink . continued script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 46 * , 75 continued : 75 troy what about this Larson ? johnny pause a beat , reminisc . johnny funny you should ask . that be my grandfather 's boat . he pass away last month . I be go to keep it , but there be too many memory wrap up in she . jennifer I be really sorry to hear that . johnny thank you . the upside for you be that my grandfather keep this thing in the garage right next to he fully restore 1956 corvette . johnny put he hand on the boat . johnny you will not find a cleaner , safer , or more reliable boat on the lot . grandpa would love it if he know a nice , young couple get she . troy do you mind if I get in ? johnny help yourself . but do I a favor and slip you shoe off . grandpa always insisted . Jennifer and Troy take they shoe off . Jennifer smile as Troy help she into the boat . 76 int . mason marine - c.j.' office - day 76 johnny pull some paperwork off of the printer . Kyle enter . kyle hey man , c.j. want to check that boat out before it sell . johnny do not worry . I check it out myself . it 's solid as a rock . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 77 718 719 80 47 . int . mason marine - retail space - day 77 c.j. walk past Frank 's desk . Frank be on the phone . frank hey , Bill , this be Frank down at mason Marine . I just want to follow up to see if you have a chance to talk to you wife about that Boston whaler ? c.j. smile as he go into he office . int . mason marine - c.j' office - day 78 johnny stand at the whiteboard add up sale . c.j. enter and look at the board , incredulous . c.j. Frank do eighteen thousand yesterday ? johnny yeah , he 's really pick it up . c.j. and Steve do twenty - two ? johnny the boy be hustling , Captain . Kyle just sell that VIP , about two grand in accessory and a extend warranty . c.j. I be go to have get more boat . int . warehouse - day 719 a auctioneer stand in front of a large crowd of people . a 23 ' hallett boat sit on the auction block . c.j. raise he hand . auctioneer go once ... go twice ... sell to number 36 . the auctioneer point at c.j. int . c.j. be house - bedroom - night 80 c.j. and madeline lie on the bed . c.j. flip through the classified ad . madeline lean in and kiss c.j. and try to pull the classified ad away from he . continued script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 48. 80 continued : 80 c.j. not right now . I get to call this guy on a Ranger bass boat . c.j. dial he cell phone . madeline huff , roll she eye . she pull a vibrator out of the night stand and turn it on . c.j. ( into phone ) hello , I be call about the Ranger bass boat you be sell ? ( and ) how long be it ? madeline ooooh ... it 's really long ... madeline start to moan a little bit and c.j. wave for she to quiet down . but she just get louder and louder . c.j. ( into phone ) be the motor a two -stroke or a four - stroke ? madeline give I the four-stroke . ( yell ) oh , yes , yes ... c.j. be it oil injected ? madeline ooooh , yes , inject I with you oil ! c.j. nothing , it 's just the television . ( hold the phone down ) honey , could you turn it down ? madeline not now , I be come ... oh ... oh ... oh ... oh ... c.j. ( into phone ) so how early do you get up in the morning ? ( and ) okay , great I will see you at seven . continued script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 49 , 80 continued : ( 2 ) 80 c.j. hang up the phone and madeline turn off she vibrator and roll away from he . c.j . but what about I ? madeline I just get a long , four-stroke oil injection , and you want to give I that ? madeline motion towards c.j. 's obvious erection under the sheet . madeline turn off the light . 81 ext . ocean - day 81 Troy and Jennifer be out in they new boat . Troy drive . Jennifer sit in the middle of the boat and have two life preserver on over she bikini . jennifer ( smile , scream ) Troy , slow down ! Troy press down on the throttle a little more and the boat go even faster . Jennifer scream playfully . Troy slowly pull the throttle back and the boat drift toa stop . troy be not this great ? ( seductive ) why do not you take that life jacket off . Troy move to Jennifer and start take she life jacket off . jennifer oh , Troy , be you go to save I ? 82 later 82 Jennifer be laid back on the seat , foot on the floor . Troy be on top of she and they be make out . jennifer ( get up ) Troy , Troy , my foot be in water . continued script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 82 83 84 50 . continued : 82 troy what ? Troy get off of she and look at the floor of the boat , which be cover in about a inch of water . jennifer ( scream ) we be sink ! we be sink ! help ! Troy scramble to the stern . he kneel down and look . Water pour in through a tear shift bellow . troy put you life jacket on ! he move to the console , frantically try to start the boat , but it will not start . ext . fancy house - day 83 Mr. and Mrs. hofferman , c.j. , and madeline stand look at the house . Mr. hofferman have he dumbbell and be do shoulder raise . the realtor hang a " in escrow " sign . mr . hofferman you be put in a pool ? c.j. yeah , the kid will love it . mr . hofferman we will buy this place for penny on the dollar when the bank foreclose on it in six month . mrs . hofferman Kevin ! ( and ) let I get he out of here so you can enjoy yourselves . Mrs. hofferman pull Mr. hofferman away . c.j. I want to show you something up in the master bedroom . int . fancy house - master bedroom - day 84 c.j. open the door and enter with madeline . continued script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 84 85 86 87 88 89 51 *. continued : 84 a trail of rise pedal lead to a blanket , picnic basket and a iced bottle of champagne . c.j. pull out he cell phone and deliberately turn it off . he kiss madeline . omitted 85 ext . mason marine - lot - day 86 johnny smoke a cigarette . Troy come storming through the front gate with the look of a madman . troy you mother fucker sell I a piece of shit , and my wife and I almost die ! johnny glance into the retail space where c.j. be talk to Frank , and he quickly move to intercept Troy . johnny hey , I be really sorry . what happen ? int . mason marine - retail space - day 87 c.j. and Frank hear the commotion and move to the doorway as johnny get to Troy . ext . lot 88 troy I hope you have good insurance . I be go to own this place . johnny okay , okay , let 's just take a look at the boat . as they walk out of the gate , johnny pick up a 2x4 piece of wood lean against the fence . he pat the 2 x4 in he other hand , testing the strength , as if he 's get ready to hit someone with it . int . mason marine - retail space - day 89 c.j. and Frank watch as Troy and johnny disappear around the corner . continued script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 89 90 91 52 . continued : 89 frank what 's he go to do with that ? c.j. exit . Frank follow . ext . mason marine - STREET - day 90 c.j. and Frank arrive at the boat . Troy lie on the ground , blood come out of the back of he head . the 2 x4 , with a patch of blood on the end , lie nearby . c.j. what happen ? johnny he be get up in the boat and he fall backwards . call 911 ! c.j. quickly dial he cell phone . ext . mason marine - deck - day 91 c.j. , johnny , Frank , Steve , and Kyle stand on the deck . c.j. what the hell happen ? johnny he be step up on the boat and slip and fall backwards . frank on the 2x4 ? johnny yeah , I have get a bad knee and I be go to use it to help I into the boat . as he be fall , I drop the 2 x4 to try to catch he and he hit he head on it . frank ha ! that 's the most ridiculous story I have ever hear . you hit he in the head with it ! johnny I do not care what you think . God and I know the truth . ( to c.j. ) you be go to fire I , be not you ? c.j. pause for a long moment . continued script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 91 continued : there 's a 53 . 91 c.j. no , I be not go to fire you . johnny this be just like my last job . I come in here and turn this place around , but in the end , I get blame for any negative shit that happen . you guy be jealous of I . pause as no one say anything . johnny I be go to the hospital to tell he how terrible I feel about this . johnny walk off the lot . frank c.j. , you have to call the cop . you know he hit he with that 2x4 . c.j. he do not hit he . johnny would not do that . steve I know Frank be a whining little bitch , but I think he 's right about this . c.j. ( a beat , nervously ) come on , guy , it 's ridiculous . Kyle , what do you think ? kyle I can not see he hit someone over the head with a block of wood . steve you know c.j. , we may be sell more boat since johnny get here , but this place be really sailing in the wrong direction . c.j. may be defend johnny , but the look in he eye say he 's not so sure . 92 int . real estate office - day 92 c.j. and madeline sit in front of a desk . c.j. rapidly tap he foot and stare at the floor . continued script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 54. 92 continued : 92 madeline be you okay ? c.j. ( snap to life ) yeah , yeah , I be good . the realtor , peggy , sit down at she desk with a bunch of paperwork . Peggy wear a neck brace . peggy the inspection on the new house pass with fly color . c.j . oh , great . peggy and we have three offer on you old house . Peggy slide some paperwork over to they . peggy sign right here . Peggy point to the paper work . madeline start signing . c.j. so what happen to johnny Cross ? Peggy nervously touch she neck . peggy oh , he just decide to move on . another realtor with a broken arm set some letter on Peggy 's desk . c.j. look around the office . a third realtor talk on the phone . he have a bandage wrap around he head . a woman limp by use crutch and wear a leg cast . peggy and sign right here . Peggy point at the paperwork and c.j. sign . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 55 . 93 int . mason marine - c.j' office - day 93 c.j. pull a piece of paper out of a file drawer . Close on paper it 's johnny 's resume . Three reference be list -- all car dealership . c.j. pick up the phone and dial the first number . 94 int . motel room - day 94 johnny sit in bed watch porn . his pants be around he ankle . on the bureau , three cell phone be line up . the first one ring . johnny pull he pants up , grab the phone , and flip it open . johnny ( into phone ; thick southern accent ) Bob 's Ford of greenville . this be Carl , how can I help you today ? intercut c.j. ( into phone ) hey , my name be c.j. and I be look to hire johnny Cross . can you give I a reference ? johnny ( into phone ; thick southern accent ) johnny ? oh , he be great . I would give anything to have he back . we never sell so many car . c.j. ( into phone ) do you ever have any customer complaint or ... ( gulp ) injury ? johnny ( into phone , thick southern accent ) injury , nah . he be a model employee through and through . johnny scoops up the other phone and run out of the hotel room . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 56. 95 i./e. corvette ( traveling ) 95 johnny race down the street . the two other cell phone sit on the passenger seat beside he . johnny ( into phone , thick southern accent ) you take care of yourself , now . continue intercut c.j. dial the next number on the resume . the second cell phone ring . johnny pick it up . johnny ( into phone ; thick Boston accent ) deal chevrolet , this be Kevin . c.j. ( into phone ) hey Kevin , I be call for a reference on one of you former salesmen , johnny Cross ? johnny ( into phone ; thick Boston accent ) do a good job for we . never give we any problem . Hell of a salesman . suddenly , johnny swerve around a pedestrian crossing the street , lay on the horn . pedestrian ( 0.s. ) hey , slow down ! johnny hey , shut the fuck up ! c.j. ( into phone ) what be that ? johnny ( into phone ; Boston accent ) we be have the biggest sale of the year and customer be get really excited . oh. script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 57. 96 ext . mason marine 96 johnny pull up in front of mason Marine . the third phone ring . johnny pick it up . johnny ( into phone ; thick Minnesota accent ) fargo Toyota and John deere , can you hold please ? c.j. ( into phone ) sure . end intercut johnny enter c.j. 's office . johnny hey , c.j. we get any hot lead today ? surprise , c.j. look up at johnny and spill he coffee on himself . c.j. drop the phone and jump up . johnny lean down to pick up the phone . c.j. no , no , no , I get it . c.j. quickly grab the phone from johnny . c.j. I be in the middle of a call . I will be right with you . johnny who be it ? c.j. nobody , my realt -- wife . johnny stare at he for a moment . johnny you want another cup of coffee ? c.j. no , I be okay . too much caffeine . bad for I . johnny exit . continued script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 58. 96 continued : 96 johnny ( v.o. ) ( from phone , thick Minnesota accent ) thanks for hold . how can I help you ? c.j . um , never mind . I think I gota wrong number . c.j. hang up the phone . after a moment , he pick up the phone and dial again . c.j. ( into phone ) yes , could I get the number for the Ford dealership in greenville , South Carolina ? c.j. write down the number on a piece of paper , then dial the phone . 97 int . greenville ford ( south CAROLINA ) - day 97 a cute receptionist , tina , answer the phone . tina greenville Ford , how can I help you ? intercut c.j. ( into phone ) hello , I be call for a reference on johnny Cross ? tina johnny ? that bastard owe I five year of back child support . where be he ? c.j. pasadena , California . tina you tell that no good use car salesman I be come out there and I want my money ! the ford manager walk by the receptionist 's desk . ford manager who be it ? continued script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 97 98 59 . continued : 97 tina it 's someone ask about johnny . the Ford manager take the phone from the receptionist . ford manager who be this ? c.j. my name be c.j. mason . I be call to get a reference for johnny Cross . ford manager be he out of jail ? yeah , he work for we for a few month . sold a lot of car . stole a lot of money , too . then he get in a fight with the sale manager and nearly kill he . and we have a mysterious fire the night before he disappear . if you be think of hire he , and you also have Satan as a candidate , hire Satan . c.j. ( into phone ) okay , thanks . c.j. hang up the phone , lean back in he chair , and breathes deeply . ext . mason marine - lot - day 98 mana gregorian drive onto the lot pull a 23 ' Fountain boat . this be what be know as a " penis boat , " synonymous with guy who drive corvettes and ferraris . it 's long , sleek , shiny and say " look at I . " c.j. exit the building as manas jump out of he Range Rover , follow by he enormous bodyguard . manas have on white short and a untucked button - down shirt expose he gold chain and hairy chest . he wear gucci sunglass and speak with a thick armenian accent . as c.j. approach , manas hold out he hand and they shake . mana I need you to sell boat . I need bigger boat , faster boat . c.j. okay , how much do you want for it ? mana eighty thousand , nothing less . continued script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 60. 98 continued : 98 c.j. okay , sound reasonable . we charge a ten percent commission on all consignment boat . mana you give I good deal , two percent . c.j. uh , no , sorry , it 's not worth my time to sell it for two percent . mana I give you five , no more . c.j. consider this . c.j. since it 's a bigger boat , I will do it for eight . mana six . we have deal . manas hold out he hand . c.j. eight . mana okay , okay , seven . we have deal . c.j. think for a moment and then shake hand with manas . by this time , Frank , Steve and johnny have all come out and be admire the boat . frank now that 's a boat . c.j. ( to manas ) let 's go inside and we will get the paperwork together . 99 ext . laser record - day 99 establish . a schwank building in the middle of Hollywood . 100 int . laser record - executive board room - day 100 Kyle and the rest of the band be seat at a large table . several record executive sit with they . they be listen to a CD of the band 's original music . continued script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 61. 100 continued : 100 the music end . andrew laser , the top music executive , nods he head . andrew laser you guy really get a great sound . kyle thanks , man . andrew laser but it 's just not quite the right sound for we label . there 's a awkward silence as the band look at each other . Kyle squeeze he hand really tight as he think for a moment . kyle I hear that 's what they tell the Beatles . andrew laser trust I , you guy be not the Beatles . Laura will show you out . Kyle stand up . Andrew and he team start pack up to leave . kyle thank you for you time . we hate to run , but we be go to be late for we meeting over at Capitol . andrew laser who be you meeting over at Capitol ? kyle uh ... Eddie . andrew laser Eddie who ? kyle Eddie Van hendrix . andrew laser well , good luck . Kyle and he band turn to leave . but then Kyle turn back to Andrew laser . kyle what if we tour the country , pay all we own expense , and give you all the profit . would you sign we ? continued script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 62 * , 100 continued : ( 2 ) 100 the record executive look at each other and smile , not sure what to make of Kyle . andrew laser why , be you dad a millionaire ? kyle no , but if we could present you with a no lose situation , would you sign we ? if we pay all we own expense , do all we own book and promotion , you would not have to do a thing , and we give you all the profit , would you sign we ? andrew laser sure . do you guy want to do that ? kyle well , we can not exactly do that . but let 's say we pay half we expense and give you half the profit ? andrew laser no , I can not do that . kyle okay , how about we pay sixty percent of the expense and we get half the profit ? andrew laser okay , we will split the profit but you guy have to pay seventy percent of you expense . kyle deal . Kyle hold out he hand and they shake . andrew laser welcome to laser record . kyle we be go to sell more record than any band , ever . all the other band mate look at each other wonder what just happen . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 63 %. 101 int . lawyer' office 101 william bernstein , Troy 's large afro-american lawyer , sit at he desk talk on the phone . Troy sit next to he ina neck brace look like he 's on some heavy pain killer . c.j. enter . William stand up and hold out he hand . c.j. look up at he . William be enormous . william I be William bernstein , Mr. closson 's lawyer . c.j. ( surprised ) you be he lawyer ? william be there a problem ? c.j. no. ( to Troy ) Troy , I just want to talk to you . do we really need lawyer ? Troy moan . william if you have something to say to my client , you need to say it to I . since the assault , my client have lose he hearing , have limited motor skill , and have period of amnesia . c.j. assault ? it be a accident . he fall off the back of the boat . william be that why you employee come to the hospital and threaten to kill my client and assault he with a electric stun gun ? c.j. but ... it 's use for training dog . william great dane , maybe . do you own you own house ? c.j. yes . continued script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 63a *. 101 continued : 101 william not anymore . c.j. please . can not we work something out ? william well , my client would be willing to settle for fifty thousand dollar . otherwise , we will take this to a jury and it could be ten time that amount . c.j. react . 102 omitted 102 103 ext . mason marine - deck - day 103 Steve and Frank sit on the deck . Frank eat a doughnut . Steve smoke . johnny approach they . johnny we be go to have a little contest this weekend . you guy have to sell ninety thousand dollar between the two of you . steve that 's not a contest , big man . frank what do we get if we do it ? johnny well , Bob , tell they what they be go to win . ( in a game show announcer voice ) well , johnny , Frank 's daughter get to keep play soccer and Steve 's wife will not cut he nut off . johnny smile and exit . 104 omitted 104 script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 64 * , 105 int . mason marine - retail space - day 105 johnny stand at the cash register . a older customer pay johnny . johnny thank you for shopping at mason Marine . the older customer walk away . johnny put the cash into he pocket . Steve enter . johnny I be go to lunch . you guy keep sell . 106 ext . mason marine - deck - day 106 Frank and Steve sit on the deck eat lunch . frank I be have my best day ever and we be not even go to come close to ninety thousand . steve do not be a little bitch today . I just can not take much more . johnny exit the building . johnny what the fuck be you guy do ? you do not take lunch when you have ninety thousand dollar worth of boat to sell ! what be you stupid ? frank yeah , I be stupid . stupid for put up with you this long . I quit . continued script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 65 * , 106 continued : 106 Frank stand up . johnny quickly press the tazer to Frank 's shoulder ... ZZZ22Z2222222Z2222222Z222222 . close - franks crotch as he pee he pants while be tazer . johnny pull the tazer off and Frank fall back into he seat . johnny do you just piss you pants ? johnny laugh . Frank stand up and take off he pants and proceed to take off he soile boxer short , too . piss , Frank march out towards the front entrance . johnny put you pants back on . you be go to scare the customer . Frank toss the dirty pants and underwear into johnny 's corvette . johnny no , you do not just do that ! a couple walk onto the lot . Frank run by half - naked . shock , the couple stare at he . johnny sorry about that ! we will be right with you . we be have a huge sale today . johnny ( to Steve ) get you lazy ass out there and sell they a boat . continued script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 106 107 108 109 110 66 *. continued : ( 2 ) 106 steve yes , sir , big man . Steve stand up . Steve approach the couple . steve hello , folk . Steve keep walk right past the couple , onto the street . he get in he car and drive away . int . steve's house - live room - day 107 Steve and he wife sit on the couch . Steve hold she hand lovingly . steve I love you and I have make a huge mistake . ext . franks house - porch - day 108 a security specialist consult with Frank as a worker install bar over a window in the background . ext . motel - parking lot - night 109 johnny 's corvette drive into the parking lot . johnny get out and go up to he room . a moment later , c.j. 's truck pull in . int . c.j.' truck - night 110 c.j. wear sunglass and a baseball hat pull down low . he watch the motel through a pair of binocular . a camera sit on the passenger seat . his cell phone ring . he answer it . continued script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 110 111 continued : c.j. ( low gravely voice ) hey honey , how 's it go ? madeline ( v.o. ) why be you talk like that ? c.j. ( normal voice ) like what ? madeline ( v.o. ) like you be do something wrong . c.j. I be not do anything wrong . I be just hang with johnny . madeline ( v.o. ) ( suspicious ) what be you guy do ? angle on 67 . 110 johnny as he walk back out of he motel room and jump in he car . back to scene c.j. I be get to know he a little better . madeline ( v.o. ) why do not you get to know you be family a little better . I be cooking -- c.j . oh great , save I some . c.j. flip he phone close and watch johnny 's exit the lot . ext . horny bunny strip club - night johnny 's car pull into the side parking lot across the STREET c.j. 's truck slowly pull to the curb . corvette 111 script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 112 113 68. int . johnny' corvette 112 johnny adjust he rear view , catch c.j. 's truck in it , and smirk . ext . horny bunny strip club 113 johnny get out of he car and walk around the corner toward the entrance . c.j. quickly get out , walk to the corner and peek around . nobody . front of club c.j. stealthily walk along the wall , glance cautiously over he shoulder . nothing . as c.j. approach the doorman , he feel a hand on he shoulder . c.j. spin around to find johnny stand there with a big grin on he face . johnny what 's up , buddy ? what be you do here ? c.j. uh ... I be , uh ... you know , look for a , uh , ( look at the sign ) horny bunny . johnny well , you have come to the right place ! come on in . I will treat you to a lap dance with thumper . c.j. uh , yeah , that 's great . ( look at he watch ) oh my god , it 's a lot later than I think . actually , I better be get home . johnny what be you worried about , you wife ? it 's not cheating if you be more than a mile from home . c.j. start to walk away , but johnny wrap he arm around he and spin he back towards the club . c.j. no , it 's not that . I forget that Tuesday be pizza night with the kid . continued script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library * 113 114 115 116 69 . continued : 113 johnny just call she and tell she you be have rabbit . c.j. duck out of he arm . c.j. if I stay , I will be here all night . johnny okay , but you do not know what you be miss . c.j thanks but I really better go . I gotta get up early and sell some boat . johnny ( sotto ) you better get up really early . johnny follow c.j. with he stare and exit in the opposite direction . ext . mason marine - STREET - night 114 johnny screech up to the lot and jump out of he corvette . he approach Victor . johnny thanks for meeting I so late . you get the cash ? victor you get the title ? johnny it 's in the office . johnny and Victor walk toward the front gate . int . mason marine - lot - day 115 c.j. walk onto the lot and look at the spot where the Fountain be sit . it 's go . c.j. 's usual excitement over a sale be clearly lack as he swallow hard . int . mason marine - c.j.' office - day 116 c.j. enter quickly , move to the safe and open it . in the safe be a stack of bill with a receipt . c.j. pick up the receipt , which read : " total price ... $ 5,000 . " continued script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 116 117 70 . continued : 116 c.j. quickly pick up the phone and dial . ext . STREET - neighborhood - day 117 johnny sit on a fancy harley Road King . a yuppie stand nearby . johnny 's phone ring . he answer it . johnny talk to I . intercut c.j. hey , johnny , it 's c.j. do you sell the Fountain for five thousand dollar ? johnny yeah . he ground I down a little bit . you want six for it , right ? c.j. no , that 's a eighty thousand dollar boat ! johnny oh , wow , really ? man , do I miss the mark . sorry about that . c.j. stop fuck around . where 's the rest of the money ? johnny ( to the yuppie ) I will take it ... I can pay cash . ( into phone ) I be serious . I sell it for five thousand dollar . just take it out of my next check . johnny flip he cell phone close . end intercut c.j. slam down the phone . manas and he large bodyguard appear in the door . mana hey c.j. , johnny call and say you sell my boat . manas ' bodyguard circle around behind c.j . continued script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 71. 117 continued : 117 c.j. ( look over he shoulder ) uh , yeah , he sure do . mana so , where 's my money ? c.j. he pay with a cashier 's check . can I pay you on Monday ? mana man , I be head to Vegas and I be hope to have it . but if I do not have it , I guess I can not lose it ! bodyguard ( crack he knuckle ) we will see you Monday . 118 ext . victor' house - day 118 Victor life in a shabby neighborhood . c.j. stand on the porch . he ring the doorbell . a moment later , Victor answer the door . c.j. hey , my name be c.j. mason ... I run mason Marine . victor be there a problem ? c.j. johnny sell you the Fountain boat ? victor yeah , he give I a hell of a deal on it . c.j. yeah , see , that 's the problem . he be not authorize to sell the boat for five thousand dollar . c.j. pull out the five thousand dollar and the receipt . victor no , no , I pay forty - five thousand dollar . cash. ( more ) continued script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 118 continued : 72 . 118 victor ( cont would ) johnny write the receipt for five to save I on the tax . but honestly it do not matter . the boat 's probably off the coast of encinada by now . c.j. well , great , we can just call the coast guard and tell they to intercept it . Victor step towards c.j. victor no , esse , you do not want to do that . c.j. step backwards nervously . 119 ext . mason marine - deck - day 119 c.jd. , Frank , and Steve sit on the deck . c.j. nods . c.j. listen , I make a big mistake and I be really sorry . johnny be go and I want you guy to come back . frank I just get hire at perry Nissan . the worst salesman make like 150 k last year . unless you can match that , I can not see come back . steve yeah , I appreciate it , but I be start my own thing . hang he head . frank ( to Steve ) what be it ? steve you will know soon enough , but let 's just say I will be make thirty grand a month work from home in my bathrobe . c.j. I really need you help . continued script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 73. 119 continued : 119 frank sorry , c.j. we tell you johnny be a sociopath and you would not listen . 120 ext . fancy house - day 120 the realtor take the " in escrow " sign down and put up a " for sale " sign . 121 int . c.j. be house - dine room - night 121 c.j. , madeline , Tommy , and Tyler sit at the table . c.j. I do not know how to say this . ( and ) but we be not move into the new house . madeline put she hand on c.j. 's arm . tommy why not ? c.j. well , because I be have some trouble down at the shop and we can not afford it right now . tommy that suck . Tommy get up from the table and walk out of the room . madeline Tommy , you get back in here ! c.j . it 's okay , he 's right . let he go . Tyler get tuggy the tug boat off of the counter . tyler can I go outside and play with tuggy ? c.j. sure . c.j. put he head in he hand . madeline rub he back . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 74 , 122 ext . mason marine - deck - day 122 c.j. sit on the deck , head still in he hand . Mr. hofferman walk onto the lot . he take the seat next to c.j. mr . hofferman so how 's the use boat business ? c.j. great . a awkward silence follow . mr . hofferman I talk to madeline -- c.j. I be a stable guy , but if you say the wrong thing right now , we will have a all - out brawl . mr . hofferman I come by to apologize . I know that since you and madeline meet , I have be really hard on you . it 's in my nature , I guess . c.j . be there a joke come ? mr . hofferman no joke . I just want to say that I admire you . you be hard work , honest , and have always be wonderful to madeline . not to mention give I two amazing grandchild . the world need more people like you . c.j. right , people who can not pull it together enough to get they family a proper house . mr . hofferman I share a bedroom with four brother . it 's not the size of the house , but what go inside . c.j. never think of it that way . mr . hofferman maybe it 's time to start . when be the last time you go out on a boat with the family ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 75 . 123 ext . mason marine - lot - night 123 c.j. walk around the lot look at the price display on each boat windshield and enter they in a calculator . c.j. get to the last boat and look at he watch . close on watch - 1:00 be 124 ext . motel - night 124 c.j. knock on the door . johnny answer . several pack suitcase lie behind he on the bed . johnny wow . what be you do here ? c.j . we need to talk . 125 int . bar - night 125 johnny and c.j. sit at the bar . c.j . why do you do this to I ? johnny what ? help you sell hundred of boat and make you thousand of dollar ? c.j . my business be face a lawsuit , I be lose my house , my employee leave I , and you steal a eighty thousand dollar boat from I . johnny that 's just mismanagement ! that 's you own fault . c.j. I could go to the cop and have you arrest . johnny with what evidence ? you be a idiot . johnny stand up and start to leave . c.j. hesitates , finally jump off he stool -- c.j. I want to challenge you to a sell - off . continued script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 76 . 125 continued : 125 johnny do not tempt I with a good time . c.j. this Saturday . one day only . Gross sale . winner get forty thousand dollar . johnny I appreciate the offer , but I be head to Vegas on my new motorcycle that I pay cash for . c.j. what , be you scared ? johnny of you ? no. c.j. I think you be . you be nothing but a sleazy , use car salesman . I could out - sell you any day of the week and you know it . johnny pause , think about this . johnny you shop be nothing more than a goat rodeo . but if you really think you can beat I , I will play . but it have to be worth my time . if you win , I will give you the forty thousand . and if I win , I get all the money we bring in for the weekend . in cash . c.j. take a deep breath . c.j. Fine . the contest end when every boat be sell or when the lot close . johnny hold up he drink , shoot it . 126 ext . buckle marine CENTER - day 126 a large lot with ton of new boat . johnny stand with alan perry , a salesman . he count out a thousand dollar in hundred and hand it to Alan . johnny thanks , Alan . I owe you one . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 77. 127 ext . mason marine - lot - day 127 madeline , Tommy , Tyler , Mr. and Mrs. hofferman , and c.j. blow up balloon and tie they to the front gate . a huge sign hang out front : " super duper duper ginormous blowout sale ! " c.j. look at he watch . johnny pull up in he corvette . johnny let the game begin . begin montage 128 lot - later 128 A. ) johnny see a customer , lyle , step onto the lot and -- johnny mine ! he quickly move toward he . B. ) c.j. see a black guy , fred , step onto the lot and -- c.j. mine ! he approach Fred , hand outstretch . cc. ) johnny stand with a customer , harish , a indian man in he late forty . they look at a mako center console fishing boat . johnny really , I sell rug at the market right near shivaji Park . D. ) c.j. talk to a young couple with two young child . c.j. I will give you free storage here at the lot for five year . E. ) johnny talk with a customer , darin . johnny you live up in Big bear ? be you house damage in the wildfire ? darin no , but my neighbor house burn to the ground . continued script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 128 129 130 131 78. continued : 128 johnny that 's just terrible . the good news be that , this weekend , we be give a hundred and ten percent of we profit to the Red Cross to help the wildfire victim . c.j.' office 129 close on whiteboard johnny be in blue , c.j. be in green . the bar graph show johnny slightly ahead of c.j. with $ 7,000 . c.j. hand madeline some paperwork and she add more green to the whiteboard . ext . buckle marine CENTER - lot - day 130 Alan stand talk to a customer , benjamin . alan we do not have any in stock . but they have get one over at mason Marine . just make sure you talk to johnny ... lot 131 A. ) c.d. hook up a boat trailer to a truck . B. ) johnny drive the forklift pull a boat towards the street . cc. ) c.j. stand on the deck . Benjamin approach . benjamin Alan tell I to talk to johnny . johnny wrap he arm around Benjamin and lead he away , much to c.j. 's dismay . D. ) c.j. stand on the deck . another customer , chuck , approach . chuck be you johnny ? Alan say -- E . ) and another customer , dave -- dave hey be johnny around ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 132 133 134 135 136 79 . c.j.' office 132 johnny hand madeline some paperwork . madeline start add blue above johnny 's name . close on whiteboard the bar graph show c.j. ahead of johnny until madeline add the recent sale , which put johnny at $ 14,000 and c.j. at $ 12,000 . lot 133 A. ) johnny talk with a customer , daryl . daryl I see you ad in the paper for the 17 foot whaler ? johnny I be sorry , we just sell that one , but let I show you another boat . it 's actually a much better deal . B. ) c.j. talk to a customer , dylan . c.j. I will take you out on you new boat and teach you how to operate it . as many private lesson as you need , for free . c.j.' office 134 c.j. sit at he desk and pull out a stack of papers . he pick up the phone . c.j. ( into phone ) hey Jeff , this be c.j. down at mason Marine . I sell you that 17 ' Larson last year ... lot 135 c.j. stand with jeff . they shake hand . deck 136 c.j. talk with he family . continued script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 80. 136 continued : 136 c.j . we need body in here . go through the customer database and call all we past customer and tell they we be have the biggest sale of all time ! 137 retail space 137 A. ) madeline talk on the phone . madeline do you have any interest in upgrade you boat ? we be have a huge sale . B. ) Mr. hofferman talk on he cell phone . mr. hofferman always good to talk to a fellow marine . hey , bring you boat down here and we will give you top trade in value ... c. ) Tyler talk on the phone . tyler be you interested in a boat upgrade ? ( and ) I be six . 138 c.j.' office 138 close on whiteboard madeline add to c.j. 's total . the bar graph show that c.j. have $ 23,500 and johnny be at $ 36,000 . madeline pull out she cell phone and dial . madeline ( into phone ) Frank , it 's madeline . c.j. really need you help ... 139 lot 139 A. ) c.j. stand with another customer , harry . c.j. I will tell you what , if you buy it today , I will deliver the boat to you brother in vermont . continued script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 81. 139 continued : 139 B. ) johnny talk with another customer , ROBERT . johnny so do you want the windshield with the boat , too ? ROBERT it do not come with the windshield ? johnny no , but if you buy this boat today with the windshield upgrade , I will give you three thousand dollar cash back . you just can not tell my manager . johnny pull out a wad of hunder dollar bill from he pocket . c. ) Frank , Steve , and Kyle walk onto the lot and approach madeline . frank this two joker decide to tag along . 140 retail space 140 Frank , Steve , Kyle , and c.j. 's family all talk on they cell phone . 141 lot 141 Frank and Steve flank c.j. as he shake hand with a customer , joe . there be only one boat leave on the lot , a 18 ' Larson bowrider . 142 c.j.' office 142 close on whiteboard johnny be at $ 60,300 and c.j. be at $ 59,600 . end montage 143 ext . mason marine - deck / lot - day 143 everyone sit on the deck . continued script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 81aa *. 143 continued : 143 kyle we almost starve out on the road . that deal I make be crap . I will not make that mistake again . continued script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 82 * , 143 continued : ( 2 ) 143 frank if you guy really be as good as Zepplin , you will get some more chance . kyle thanks man , I really hope so . c.j. and johnny stand on the deck look at the lot entrance like a couple of hungry wolf . suddenly harvey appear at the gate . he start walk towards the deck . c.j. / johnny mine ! johnny back off , I say it first . that 's my customer . c.j. you be crazy ! that be all I . harvey have slowed , watch c.j. and johnny . johnny turn and start walk toward harvey . c.j. quickly follow , grab johnny 's arm . harvey see johnny and c.j. come toward he . he nonchalantly turn and start walk back out of the lot . johnny ( to harvey ) hey , harvey . how 's it go ? johnny sprint after harvey , follow by c.j. c.j. how do you hear about we sale ? we only have one boat leave ! johnny it be my grandfather 's boat . he take really good care of it . c.j. would you buy this boat for a dollar ? harvey I will come back later . I just need a anchor for my automatic toilet flusher . c.j. there will not be any later . continued script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 143 continued : 144 omitted 82a *. ( 3 ) 143 johnny harvey , why do not you at least take a look at we last boat ? we be parctically give it away . I know you like bargain . c.j . what do you have to lose by look ? harvey you know , I be think about take a voyage to Indonesia this summer . johnny this be the perfect boat . 144 script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 83 %. 145 ext . mason marine - lot - later 145 c.jd. , johnny and harvey stand look at the Larson . c.j. I can get you into this boat for $ 299 per month . johnny step between c.j. and harvey . johnny buy it from I and I will throw ina lap dance at the horny Bunny . you know what I be talk about . harvey how much do it weigh ? I want something light so I can add solar panel to it and still cruise at ten nautical mile per hour . johnny this be one of the lightest boat ever make . it will be perfect . c.j. step in front of johnny . c.j . the dry weight of this boat be eighteen hundred pound . you will have no problem add some solar panel to it . harvey maybe this be the boat for I . I be go to need bracket and deep cycle battery with at least 540 cranking amp . johnny step in . johnny harvey , crazy johnny be make deal today . I will throw they all in for free . johnny hold out he hand to harvey . c.j. he 's actually not athorize to give away free accessory . but I be . I will throw they all in free of charge . harvey what about a gps with side imaging technology ? continued script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 83a-85 *. 145 continued : 145 c.j. yes . I will throw that in for free , too . behind they , johnny pick up a wooden paddle . Frank , Steve and Mr. hofferman run off the deck and up next to johnny . johnny I be just kid around . johnny drop the paddle . he look at he watch . harvey what about a anchor , bumper and a vhf radio ? c.j. yes , yes , I will throw it all in . do we have a deal ? johnny step in between harvey and c.j. johnny he do not even have any vhf radio . c.j. I have get a whole case of they inside . johnny you better take a look at it . I think we sell the last one yesterday . and I do not think he have any gps 's either . harvey I want to see the accessory . c.j. sigh and walk towards the retail space . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 145a 145b int . mason marine - retail space - day c.j. move around the room grab accessory . ext . mason marine - lot - day in the background , c.j. exit the retail space with a armload of accessory . he approach harvey . c.j. I have get they all right here . so we have a deal , right ? c.j. hold out he hand to harvey . harvey okay . johnny ( o.s. ) sorry captian , I just sell this boat . the camera pan over to reveal johnny stand with Alan . johnny hold a handful of cash . johnny he pay cash . ( shaking Alan 's hand ) you be go to be very happy with this boat . 86 % . 145a 145b script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 87. 146 deck - later 146 c.jd. , Steve , Frank , Kyle , madeline , and Mr. and Mrs. hofferman sit on the deck in silence . c.j. look like a boxer whose just get pummele for ten round . Alan drive he truck away towing he new boat . johnny approach the deck . johnny Nice try . madeline it 's not six o'clock yet . there 's still five minute . johnny yeah , but too bad there 's no more boat to sell . I will take the cash today and I will be back on Monday for the credit card purchase . c.j. get up and go into the retail space . 147 int . mason marine - retail space 147 Tommy and Tyler play with tuggy the tug boat . c.j. come on , we be get ready to leave . c.j. grab Tommy 's hand Tommy hand tuggy to c.j . a realization cross c.j. 's face . 148 ext . mason marine - deck - day 148 c.j. exit mason Marine with tuggy . he set it down on the deck , where everyone sit . c.j. this be the last boat for sale on the lot . maybe ever . this be no ordinary boat . this have be my personal boat for the last 37 year and it 's always be store indoors . that be not to say it have not get use much . on the contrary , when I be a kid I take this boat from the creek in my backyard in Georgia to port all over the world . ( more ) continued script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 88. 148 continued : 148 c.j. ( cont would ) we pull tanker to safety , rescue people from boat that be sink , save the girl next door from a big water monster , and trandsported a salamander down river to a new home . this be not just some boat , this be a legend . ( pick the boat up and turn it over ) consider its age , it only have minor scratch , no major damage at all . it be a extremely low maintenance boat . the buyer of this boat will receive a lifetime warranty bow to stern , free delivery anywhere in the world , and unlimited free storage if you be local . all this for the unbelievable low price , for the next ... ( look at he watch ) three minute , of thirteen thousand dollar . a long beat . everyone look at each other , get it . frank I will take it . johnny yeah , right . too bad you break - ass do not have thirteen thousand dollar . steve ( to Frank ) you want to partner up ? I will kick in a thousand if you do . frank let 's do it . kyle I get a ' 57 stratocaster that 's worth like two G 's . johnny no , no , no , that 's bullshit . that 's not even a real boat . mr . hofferman Count I in for the rest . c.j. sold ! continued script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 89 . 148 continued : ( 2 ) 148 johnny oh , man , that 's a great sale . too bad you only have one minute to come up with the money . Mr. hofferman pull out he gold card . mr. hofferman put it all on this . I have get unlimited credit . I know everyone else be good for it . johnny be furious and start toward c.j. johnny you be go to give I my money or I be go to kick you ass . everyone on the deck stand up and johnny stop in he track . mr . hofferman I would not come any closer if I be you . johnny hesitates . johnny this be not the end of this . johnny turn to leave . 149 at the front gate 149 tina , the receptionist from greenville Ford , and two police officer enter . tina that 's he ! that 's the no good use car salesman ! the officer approach johnny . policeman # 1 we have a warrant for you arrest for not pay child support . johnny fuck you . johnny try to walk past policeman # 1 and policeman # 2 step in front of he . policeman # 2 get on you knee , hand behind you back , now ! continued script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 149 150 151 90 . continued : 149 johnny I have never see this bitch before in my life . johnny keep walk past the cop . policeman # 1 pull out a stun gun and tazer johnny . johnny shudder and fall to the ground . on the deck , everyone clap and cheer . especially Frank . int . mason marine - c.j.' office - night 150 c.j. enter and sit down at he desk . madeline enter . c.j. after I pay back the consignment money and settle the lawsuit , I will be leave with nothing and no inventory to sell , either . madeline pull out a wad of cash from she purse . madeline you forget about the five thousand he leave . c.j. stand up and give she a huge hug . c.j. I be sorry . I really want to get you the bigger house . madeline I know . and that 's what I love about you . but I have always be happy in we small house . it just make we a closer family . they share a hug and kiss . ext . ocean - day 151 a 23 ' seaswirl motor along the ocean . c.j. , madeline , Mr. hofferman , and Mrs. hofferman eat , drink , and laugh . pull back to reveal Tommy and Tyler be tow behind the boat on a yellow inflatable hotdog . fade out . over ending credit : script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library g1 * , 152 ext . mason marine - lot - day 152 Kyle talk with a mild mannere customer . kyle let I ask you a question . if I be to offer you this boat for a dollar , would you buy it today ? mild mannere customer no . kyle what ? you would not ? for one dollar ? mild mannere customer I be not sure what I want yet . Kyle pause , not sure what to say . kyle how about fifty cent ? 153 lot - same time 153 Frank talk to a old customer . frank can I get you name and number and I will call you if something else come in ? old customer no . frank well , okay , give I a call if you change you mind . Frank turn and walk away . 154 lot - same time 154 Steve talk with a thin customer . the boat be hook up to he truck . steve it look good , do not it ? thin customer it sure do . steve let I ask you something . would you buy this boat for one dollar ? continued script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 92. 154 continued : 154 thin customer sold ! the thin customer stuff a dollar bill into Steve 's front pocket . steve I can not sell you this for a dollar . thin customer ( interrupt ) no , no , no , you say it be a dollar and I have already pay you . the thin customer jump into he truck and drive away towing the boat . Steve run along side of he bang on the window . steve stop ! the end script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library