) p ( Rev. 04/22/91 ( Blue ) Rev. 04/23/91 ( pink ) Rev. 04/29/91 ( yellow ) Rev. 05/01/91 ( Green ) Rev. 05/03/91 ( goldenrod ) Rev. 05/09/91 ( buff ) Rev. 05/16/91 ( salmon ) Rev. 05/20/91 ( cherry ) Rev. 05/21/91 ( Tan ) Rev. 05/30/91 ( White ) Rev. 06/04/91 ( Blue ) man trouble by carole eastman ( a.k.a. adrien Joyce ) producer shoot draft Bruce Gilbert &amp ; carole eastman April 5 , 1991 man trouble fade in : 1 int . campus rehearsal room - night 1 a woman 's hand descend to the keyboard of a organ , play the open chord to a duet from the bach cantata # 78 . 2 int . rehearsal room / angle on lewis ( lewie ) duart 2 the choral conductor , summoning forth the sound of two woman 's voice sing the text . soprano / alto ( v.o. ) ' wir eilen mit schwachen doch emsigen schritten , o jesu , o meister ...' ( etc ) 3 int . campus rehearsal room / angle on joan spruance and 3 helen dextra the latter on crutch , a cast on she leg . they stand center stage , they text rest on music stand . seat off to the side , be two male soloist ( vincent gallardo &amp ; kenneth dowler ) . behind they a chorus of man and woman , wait , as : 4 int . campus rehearsal room / angle on conductor 4 he begin to sing aggressively over the duet . he suddenly drop he hand to he side . the organist discontinue and the voice of the soloist trail off : lewie spruance , would you like to show I where it 's mark smear here ... ( hit at the score ) ... because I swear , I do not see it . joan sorry . I do not know I be . lewie also , I would be mildly content if I could have a little less delirious self - appreciation and some small regard for remain somewhere in the vicinity of the goddamn note . ( continued ) man trouble - Rev. 4/23/91 2. 4 continued : 4 he return he attention to the score . while Joan grumble to helen , a late arrive member of the chorus ( eddy revere ) can be see take he seat amongst the other : joan I be not smear . helen sssh , come on now . joan no , I be tell you , this be personally motivate . since I move out he 's be do this , make remark and be ... incredibly pricklike ... * lewie now , if we lovely soprano would like to stop grumble for a moment , I would like to take it once again . joan ( under she breath ) see what I mean ? lewie pardon I ? joan I say fine , let 's do it again . lewie ( with a cold stare ) from the beginning please . he signal a down beat and they resume somewhere near the * top of the duet . above music faintly over : 5 int . campus psychology build - on adele " iwo jima " 5 watanabe bliss - night she speak emotionally , hope to solicit sympathy : adele he never say , ' honey I love you , you be do a great job . ' I do not feel he respects I as a person and I be just not that happy with the stature of we relationship . ( continued ) 3. 5 continued : 5 therapist ( o.s. ) uhm hmm . I hear you . on post -graduate mfcc therapist seat behind a desk in a large desert classroom : therapist now I want you to look at Harry and tell he how you feel . she turn she gaze to eugene earl axline , alias harry bliss . he sit in a adjacent chair , a abject hostage . discomfort by she flinty stare , he glance away , to the window where the faint sound of the choral rehearsal can be hear . adele I feel like he 's not plugge into my need , and I be not get enough positive feedback ... Harry shake he head , shifting about uncomfortably . adele see , look at he shaking he head . therapist well , let 's see what he want to say here . Harry , how do you feel when she bring out this material ? harry how do I feel ? I feel she just overheat on every little side issue , and when I go to try and communicate with the woman , for some unknown reason she do not believe a damn thing I say . adele oh that 's a lie . harry see what I mean ? adele no , you know what this whole thing hinge from ? he come to rent a building from I which be now he place of business ... ( continued ) 4. 5 continued : ( 2 ) 5 harry so what , he 's not interested in that , that 's not what he 's ask . ( to therapist ) see what she do ? she want to dig up and haul out miscellaneous thing that 's get nothing to do with this . I mean , I agree to come here , okay , but I have to tell you , iwo jima 's get a lot of faulty notion in she head about I that .... adele alright , there . right now . that 's another thing I want to interject ... harry pardon I , I be make a statement here . therapist yes , let 's try and hear each other out if we can . go on , Harry . harry well , I forget the upshot of what I be say , but ... adele okay , this syndrome where I have ask he to address I by my give name and he just go on ignore my wish . therapist alright . look at he and really tell he how you feel about that . adele I do not want you to ever call I iwo jima again ! therapist that 's a legitimate request , be not it ? Harry begrudge a slight nod . adele if you can not call I Adele , do not call I anything at all . ( continued ) man trouble - Rev. 4/23/91 5. 5 continued : ( 3 ) 5 therapist so ? can you look at iwo jima , Harry , and tell she ... she dart a confuse frown at the therapist . therapist better yet , can you take she by the hand and say , ' I hear what you be say ' ? reluctantly , he reach over and take she hand , mumble something which though indistinct , cause Adele 's feature to pucker with emotion and bring she to the edge of tear . therapist good . that 's good ... because there 's a lot of love here , be not there . ( steal a quick look * at he watch ) * 6 ext . campus / auditorium build - night 6 a poster outside the building announce a future engagement of the lewis duart master chorale . ( see Appendix ) Joan come out the door and move down the step to a campus walkway . 7 ext . campus - night 7 Joan , walk quickly across the campus . 8 int . campus parking structure - night 8 Joan , move with nervous alert , approach a mercede * sedan park next to a econoline van . place she key in the lock , she note a flyer on she windshield . she remove it , glance briefly at this head in bold type : women - don't live in fear . a low rumbling sound cause she to lift she gaze over the top of the car , where a attack shepherd ( duke ) , slowly unsheathes he tooth and fix she with a threaten stare through the close window of the van . her eye drop down to the legend on its door panel : House of bliss shepherd - peace of mind - twenty - four hour a Day - call 7-a-t-t-a-c -k . man trouble - Rev. 4/22/91 6. 9 ext . campus - night 9 Harry and Adele move toward the parking structure : adele next time I want to bring out some of we sexual hot spot . harry the hell you be , honey . adele the hell I be not . 10 int . campus / parking structure - night 10 as Harry and Adele approach the passenger door of the van : harry ... at fifty buck a shot , out a my pocket ... ( unlock the door ) I be go to listen to some pencil - neck butthead tell I I do not know how to relate to you ... adele daddy , do you want this marriage to work or not . harry I hear you , honey . but let 's have just a little more trust on you end of this thing , okay ? that 's all I ask . ( open the door ) get in . 11 ext . sunset boulevard - night 11 a bus stop poster advertising a current knife - kill movie * entitle blood and kiss . a woman in jeopardy , with the obligatory expression of helpless terror on she face , flee from a menace male figure wield a bloody knife . 12 ext . sunset boulevard / int . joan' car 12 Joan be stop at a signal , frown up at the malevo - leat message on the bus stop poster . the light change . * a car horn break she disturb reverie and she proceed through the intersection . man trouble - Rev. 5/3/91 7 . * a13 ext . apartment build - night a13 establishing . 13 int . apartment build - night 13 following with Joan as she enter the foyer and move along a first floor hallway to she apartment . she turn she key in the lock , open the door , then step out of view . 14 int . joan' apartment - night 14 Joan stand briefly in the dark , apprehend something untoward . she reach to a wall switch , turn on the light and see : the live room have be completely savage . picture have be pull from the wall , book have be sweep from the shelf , chair be upend and area rug lie rumple and dislocate . a vase of flower atop a grand piano be overturn and water from it stain the polished surface . her gaze move to a bank of window overlook a garden patio . the glass pane in one of they be break and the window stand partly open . on Joan 's stunne reaction as she fearfully scan the room . then she suddenly reach to the front door , open it and disappear into the hallway , shutting the door after she . 15 int . joan' apartment / live room - day 15 a detective ( melvenos ) move about , glance at the devastation . Joan , seat on a couch , address he : ( in the b.g. , helen dextra stand on she crutch near the piano , and beyond she a fingerprinter dust for print around the frame of the break window . ) melvenos you sure nothing of value have be remove from the dwelling ? joan no , nothing . that 's what 's so disturbing . I mean , why would someone do something like this ...? ( continued ) man trouble - Rev. 5/3/91 8. 15 continued : 15 melvenos yeah , you have quite a nice little * mess here . ( poke he toe at some debris on the floor ) it kinda look like somebody do not like you , do not it ? joan what do you mean , somebody do not like I ? the fingerprinter interrupt : fingerprinter not much on the window . a few partial and a bunch of smear . melvenos check out the bedroom . as he move to the hallway lead to the bedroom : joan you think this be someone I know ? melvenos let 's explore that . have you have any recent trouble with anyone ? joan no . helen hobble into view , seating herself in a nearby chair . ( continued ) man trouble - Rev. 4/23/91 9. 15 continued : ( 2 ) 15 melvenos anyone whose displeasure you might have incur in some way ? now thoroughly paranoid , she frown down at the carpet , scan she memory for the commission of some past offense . melvenos ( cont 'd ) for instance , just the other day we have a homicide concern a dispute over a parking space . joan who could it be ? melvenos you be not marry , I take it . her mind be still off search for enemy and she fail to respond : helen she 's in the process of a divorce . melvenos what about he ? helen what about he ? he 's we conductor , he 's a artist and not someone who would ever ... joan you mean lewie ? he would never do anything like this . melvenos ( shrug ) you never know . there be a light knock at the partially open front door . andy ( o.s. ) hello ? anybody home ? on attractive red -haired woman ( antonia " andy " ellerman ) step into the room : andy hi , joanie ... ( continued ) man trouble - Rev. 4/23/91 10 . 15 continued : ( 3 ) 15 joan ( under she breath ) oh great . andy I just get in from Hawaii and think I would drop by for a minute . ( glance about ) what the heck happen in here ? joan Excuse I , it 's my sister ... melvenos ( not interested ) uhm hmm . as Joan get up and move over to Andy , he glance at he watch and exit to the bedroom . joan Andy , this be not the most opportune time . I happen to have have a burglary in here last night ... andy oh really ? that 's awful . joan so could I just call you later ? andy well , can not you give I one minute ? I would like to know if you get the manuscript I send you . ( squinting at helen ) who 's that ? joan helen dextra , you have meet she before . andy oh , I have ? ( then quickly to Joan ) anyway , do you read it ? joan read what ? I do not know what you be talk about . ( continued ) man trouble - Rev. 4/23/91 11. 15 continued : ( 4 ) 15 andy I be talk about the book I have write about Red and I , that I send you a copy of , be that so hard to follow ? joan oh no . you have write a book about Red layl . andy not just about he , joanie , he 's only one of many episode in my life , you know that . have you get a perrier ? joan no , I do not . let I just call you at home later . andy I be not go to be home . I be check into a hospital to have a bone spur remove from my foot . then I be go to New York , to meet with a top publisher ... ( lowering she voice ) ... which , incidentally , I would not care for Mr. redmon , fecal - face layl to know . melveno and the fingerprinter re-enter : * andy melvenos * you know what he say to I ? we be go to be leave . joan wait , I need to talk to you ... 16 int . apartment build - hallway - day 16 melveno and the fingerprinter step out into the hallway , * with Joan follow : joan I want to ask you , if there 's somebody , who for some unknown reason , do not like I , what do you suggest I do ? ( continued ) man trouble - Rev. 4/23/91 12. 16 continued : 16 melvenos I might put some bar on the window . ( give she he card ) my name 's melveny , if you want to get in touch . joan really though , I do not see how this could be somebody I know . melvenos maybe not . they start down the hallway and Joan address they back : joan because I actually go mile out of my way to avoid conflictual situation . 17 int . joan' apartment - day 17 helen , now captive to Andy 's epic , be seat next to she on the couch , attempt to listen politely to a tale without a end : andy and to top it off , my lawyer say , ' do not worry , they be just pissing into the wind ...' helen andy uhm-hmm . and I say , they be pissing into the wind but it 's blow back in my face ... Joan have reentere the room and approach they . andy some help I be go to get from he , because he 's scared to death of Red . joan Andy , be you tell I the truth ? ( continued ) man trouble - Rev. 5/3/91 13. 17 continued : 17 andy ( turn to Joan ) yes , he 's afraid , they be all afraid , they be all off ski . helen speak of lawyer ... ( tapping on she cast ) * one fall on I while I be * sunbathing . * joan I mean , be you really go to New York ? andy yes , I be go to New York , where I intend to remain in semi-private seclusion , at a undisclose ... joan well maybe I could stay at you house while you be go . so could you tell you housekeeper to ... andy wait , I just want you to hear what this colosal shit say about I , through he great white shark of a lawyer . joan pardon I , but I do not care what he say . my apartment , as you can * see , be a complete shamble , I have * a terrible headache , I have be * inform that somebody do not like I , and I really do not want to stay here by myself ! andy Fine , why do not you take my house then ? Joan sink down into a chair , exhaust : joan thank you . andy gee whiz , why make such a big deal out of everything ? ( more ) ( continued ) man trouble - Rev. 4/23/91 14 . * 17 continued : ( 2 ) 17 andy ( cont 'd ) ( to helen ) I just get off a plane that almost fall into the Pacific Ocean like a piece of rotten fruit ... ( to Joan ) ... but do I mention it ? 18 int . house of bliss - office - day 18 Duke lie on the floor , watch Harry . he stand at a cork board on the wall behind he desk , add a clipping announce the fourth victim of a local serial killer call the westside slasher , to a assortment of other item on violent crime . as he do : JUNE huff , enter from a door of the rear of the office . move past Harry 's desk , she pick up a fold newspaper page , continue to a upholster bench beneath a window , lie down and begin read . harry ( move to he desk ) now do not start lazing around , June . let 's get with it . JUNE ( under she breath ) you get with it . he sit down at he desk and begin go through he drawer , look for something . she lower the paper and look over at he : JUNE ( cont 'd ) do you like my hair this way , or do you like it straight ? harry it 's very nice , sluggo . go hose out the kennel . she go back to read . harry ( cont 'd ) where the hell be my nail clipper ? the phone on he desk begin to ring : harry ( cont 'd ) I tell everybody to stay out of this drawer . ( continued ) man trouble - Rev. 4/23/91 15 . * 18 continued : 18 JUNE ( read the paper ) I think I will go down to the amazon , and get involved with the tree . harry get this first , will you . she get up and move over to the desk : JUNE they need people , because that hole be get ... harry ( cut she off ) remember , do not say I be here ' till you find out who it be . she pick up the receiver and speak into it : JUNE yeah ?... I doubt that he 's here at this present time ... yeah , maybe later today sometime ... who be you address ? uh , the executive kennel may ... uh- huh . yeah . okay , I will tell he ... so long . she hang up . harry yeah ? who be it ? JUNE ferde at something Motors . he want two payment by tomorrow or he 's gonna come a ' repop the van . harry bastard . he go back to read . June return to the bench , lie down again and start grumble : JUNE you know , you say you be go to get I a little Honda Elite to tool around in . ( continued ) man trouble - Rev. 4/23/91 16 . 18 continued : ( 2 ) 18 harry do not give I a bad time , lard . I have get enough trouble with iwo jima and she complaint , alright ? now the woman do not even believe you be my niece . JUNE well , I be not . harry that 's not the point I be make . suddenly irritate , he begin fumble through a pile * of bill on top of the desk : harry you know what 's gonna happen if I can not pay this damn breeder and get some adult dog on the premise ? pretty damn quick , some ass be go to hit the pavement , believe I . JUNE so ? I be sick of dog turd anyway . he scowl at she , then look out the window : harry Jesus , here I be , sit in the center of a lot of wealth , the escalation in crime could not be better , and I be not turn a damn nickel on it ... he catch sight of something outside : * harry ( cont 'd ) oh shit . there 's Lee . 18a ext . STREET / harry Pov through window - day 18a across the street , a van not unlike Harry 's can be see . on the sidewalk beyond it , a man ( lee ) stand put * coin in a parking meter . on harry move quickly into the doorway to the reception area : ( continued ) man trouble - Rev. 4/23/91 17 . * 18a continued : 18a harry I be in Vegas , deliver a couple a dog to Wayne Newton . ( to the dog ) Duke , fuss ' ! ( to June ) you do not know when to expect I . he and the dog disappear from view . 19 omitted 19 20 int . andy'' house / live room - day 20 Joan be seat at the piano , play ravel 's " reverie . " she break off as she see a dark young man ( balto ) move past the live room window . she resume play until she attention be once again draw to the window , where a middle - age Hispanic woman socorro move past in the opposite direction with a young man , who now carry a suitcase . she rise and cross to the window to see they get into a gaudy low-rider and begin back down the driveway . 21 ext . andy'' house - day 21 Joan hurry out of the house and run down the drive - way toward the low - rider call out : joan socorro !! wait a minute ! I want to talk to you ! the low - Rider come to a stop . Joan approach the pas - senger window and lean down to socorro : joan Excuse I , socorro , but do you mind if I ask what 's happen , why be you leave ? socorro no se , lo siento . joan I be ask , where - be - you-going ? socorro ( indicate balto ) esto I yerno , balthazar . you speak please balto para mis . ( continued ) man trouble - Rev. 4/23/91 18 . * 21 continued : 21 joan yes , what 's go on , be you bring she back later or what ? balto yeah , Monday I bring she back . joan Monday ? but this be Thursday , I can not stay here alone ' till Monday . joan socorro it 's my understanding Si , lune , lune . that socorro live here , otherwise , I would have make other plan . balto yeah , but she get she time off , too , man , you know . Joan straighten up , sighing angrily and look up at the house : joan well , this be just glorious . the low -rider move down the driveway and as it disap - pear onto the street , Joan move to a electric box atop a metal column at the edge of the driveway . she press the button and look at the gate . they remain open . she step over to the gate and try to close they manually . the lock device fail to engage and a portion of it fall off into the bush . another angle as she lean down to look for the fall part , a pickup truck can be see park down the street . the back of the driver 's head ( butch gable ) can be see and on the side panel of the truck be the word " Canyon Tree surgeon . " another angle give up on the gate , Joan turn and move with evident reluctance up the driveway , pass a three - car garage in which she mercede and another car hide under a trap can be see . man trouble - Rev. 4/23/91 19 . 22 int . andy'' house / bedroom - night 22 trailer music . Joan be asleep on the bed . lying beside she be a fireplace poker and a mallet meat tenderizer . across the dark room , a trailer of blood and kiss play on the tv screen . the scantily - clad woman previously see on the bus stop poster back away from a steadily - * stalking camera . her eye widen in the familiar expression of helpless terror and as she open she mouth to scream : Joan flinch and sit up . she turn the tv off , which * descend into a wooden console . at that moment , there * be a voice from outside the bedroom window : butch * hey , Andy ! * in the vicinity of the bedroom window , a man in work * clothes can be see pound on the glass as he continue * yell : butch ( cont 'd ) * it 's butch ! get you ass in gear * and say hello to you old drink buddy ! she call loudly out to he : joan Andy 's not here ! he move to the glass facade and peer inside , look * for the source of the voice : butch well , who be you , honey ? joan she 's out of town , and there happen to be several other people in here try to sleep , so ... butch why not you come out and say hello ? joan will you please go away !? butch come on , stick you head out the door a ' let 's see what you look like . ( continued ) man trouble - Rev. 4/23/91 20 . 22 continued : 22 joan I be sorry , but if you do not leave , I be go to call the foothill patrol . butch well , fuck you , honey . he cup a hand over he crotch and , stick he tongue out , flick it in a obscene manner across he lip . joan tch , where do she find this * people . * butch I be just try to be nice . ( move backwards to the flower bed ) go ahead a ' call them , bitch , I do not give a shit . he lean down , pick up a dirt clod from the flower bed and throw it toward the window : butch I will just come back and kick you ass in for you . 22a int . / ext . andy'' house / live room - night 22a Joan move along the window with she weapon in hand , * watch as butch waver erratically up to the driveway * where the previously see pickup can be see . she * wait until he get in and drive off , then she move * back into the bedroom . 22b int . andy'' house / bedroom - night 22b Joan , pace about in nervous distress . she stop abruptly , throw she weapon onto the bed and move purposively to she handbag . rummaging through it , she * find the House of bliss flyer , unfold it and look at the reassure photograph of Harry and Duke . 23 ext . andy'' house - close on duke - day 23 pose in a alert stance , Duke break into a run , lope gracefully across the lawn to Harry , where he assume a sit position upon the command : ( continued ) man trouble - Rev. 4/23/91 20a . 23 continued : ( A1 ) 23 harry Duke , platz ! ( to Joan ) always the name first , and then the command . she stand off to the side , repeat the command and studiously write it down in a small notebook . ( continued ) 21 . 23 continued : 23 harry now , in regard to any aggressor seek to give you a bad time , I want to show you what you can expect from a dog of this caliber . he take hold of the dog 's muzzle , lift the lip to reveal the large scimitar- like canine : harry here we have the dog 's arsenal , so to speak . the animal be train to apply pressure to specific point of the body until the bone be more or less crush . ( release the muzzle ) if the attacker be bear a weapon of any kind , be it a gun , a club , a knife or what - have - you , the dog will , excuse I for say ... ( " politely " indicate he crotch ) ... automatically go for the testicles . joan oh god , what if I do not want he to do that ? harry you want he to do that . joan no , I just want he to scare someone . harry believe I , this will scare they , as well as incapacitate they mind and any ability to maneuver against you . joan you know , I have a extremely sensitive reaction to dog dander , so maybe I should not ... harry let I ask you something . I like to get a general picture of the individual situation I be work with . ( continued ) man trouble - Rev. 4/23/91 22. 23 continued : ( 2 ) 23 he pause to light a cigarette , make a quick , reflexive appraisal of she contour as he do : harry ( cont 'd ) be you marry , single , live alone or with some other party ? joan I be in the process of a divorce and I move up here because my apartment be burglarize and ... ( suddenly mistrustful ) but I be not entirely alone , there 's a housekeeper here , and several friend . harry well , the hill be hit heaven as far as burglary go . and right up on mulholland be where they find the fifth victim of the westside slasher ... joan no , please , do not tell I about that . harry believe I , I know what you be up against , be a attractive , and I take it , unattach woman , such as you be ... ( flick he cigarettte away ) but we be go to remedy that situation right now , and get you to feel as safe as a little baby , alright ? ( indicate she notebook ) what have we get there so far ? joan ( read she note ) ober , platz , geh be platz , bringen , komm , sitz , fuss ' , fahrt and blieb . ( continued ) man trouble - Rev. 4/22/91 23. 23 continued : ( 3 ) 23 harry well , that 's enough for a start on the basic control command ... he scan the grounds for sign of something we as yet know nothing of : harry ( cont 'd ) now let 's do a little work with the assailant . 24 ext . andy'' house / expansive garden area - on joan and 24 harry she hold Duke on a short lead , and as they move along a wood area of the grounds , he lean in close , direct she in confidential tone : harry alright now , Joan , give he the command , ' Duke , wachen sie . ' joan Duke , wachen sie . harry good . the dog be now on alert . as they walk , Harry glance about , impressed with the appearance of wealth inherent in the house and grounds : harry this be really a nice piece of real estate you have get here . joan ( tense and distract ) it 's not mine , it 's my sister 's . harry oh , it 's you sister 's . ( pause ) and where 's she ? joan ( look down at Duke ) be I do this right ? should not I be prepare for something ? harry never look at you dog . ( continued ) man trouble - Rev. 4/29/91 24 . * 24 continued : 24 joan never look at you dog ? okay . they move forward a few foot , when Harry , now slightly behind Joan , make a covert hand signal in the direction of some tree several yard ahead of they . June , in a padded attack suit , suddenly jump out from behind the tree , assume a aggressive stance and emit a repertory of menace sound . joan harry oh my God ! Duke , fasse ! Duke respond immediately , lung toward June , pull Joan along with he . June scream and start to run away . Harry move after Joan , yell ahead to June : harry dammit , June , do not exhibit fear until I tell you ! see the dog still in pursuit , June ignore the command and as Duke continue to tow Joan behind he : harry ( cont 'd ) get he under control now , Joan . joan I be ... ( struggle with Duke ) good boy , be nice . harry give he the off command ! joan I forget it ! you tell he ! Duke , stop ! he hurry up behind she , grab she around the waist to anchor she and address the dog : harry Duke , aus ! the dog instantly assume a sit position . Joan , out of breath and exhilated with fear and excitement , turn to Harry : ( continued ) man trouble - Rev. 4/29/91 25 . 24 continued : ( 2 ) 24 joan my golly , that be incredible . I * love this dog . do you see that ? * I can not believe how strong he be . * I feel like a rag doll ... * harry what do I tell you ? 25 int . andy'' house / den - on joan - day 25 at the desk make out a check while Harry , in the b.g. , take in a series of photograph on the de wall of some of the highlight in the life of Andy ellerman . ( see Appendix ) harry ordinarily I would not do this , even on a temporary rental basis , because he 's the absolute top security and attack dog in the country . she lay the pen aside , study he with evident interest as he look at a photograph of Andy and a man on a hunt safari in Africa . harry be this you sister ? joan yes , that 's she , with she third husband , Eric ellerman . harry uhm hmm . ( move to another photograph ) wait a minute , who 's this guy , be not this Red layl ? joan yes . harry no kid . you sister 's involved with Red layl ? this guy 's gotta be one of the five or ten richest man in the country , with business connection all over the place . ( continued ) man trouble - Rev. 4/22/91 26. 25 continued : 25 feeling slighted , she watch he move to a picture of Andy descend the step of a plane with layl watch * she on the tarmac . * harry and she 's you sister . that 's amazing . I mean , this be a individual I would really like to meet sometime . he lean in close to a photograph of Andy in a bikini . harry Boy , look at that figure . I have to say , you sister be really a attractive look woman . joan well , that 's quite a compliment . I will have to pass it on . 26 ext . andy'' house / front door - day 26 June , in the b.g. , still in the attack jacket , lean sullenly against the van and watch Harry work . harry I will skip back up in a day or two , okay , just to see how you be do . joan okay . harry and Joan , I want you to know , it 's be a great pleasure do business with you . joan oh well ... ( she gaze flit shyly away ) ... thank you . harry feel free to call on I for anything . anytime of the night or day , 24 hour . joan and would you also thank you ... as she gesture toward June , Harry take hold of she hand , look earnestly at she : ( continued ) 27 . 26 continued : 26 harry I sincerely mean that . 27 ext . andy'' house / harry van - on JUNE - day 27 as Harry unzip the attack jacket : JUNE you big flirt . harry come on , dumpty , do not start that . ( remove the jacket ) this be quality clientele . it call for a certain kind of approach . ( nod toward the house ) just soak some of this in , will you ? he step past she and go to the van : JUNE ( give he the finger ) soak this . as he open the back panel : harry start to pattern yourself . breed up . ( toss the jacket inside the van ) observe the woman , for Christ sake . JUNE oh screw she . he close the back panel and as he move past she : harry you do not screw this type of individual . JUNE you would . on he way to the driver 's door : ( continued ) 28 . 27 continued : 27 harry this be the kind of atmosphere we want to gravitate toward . ( open the door ) do she even ask I the cost ? ( as he get inside ) dammit , I really respect that . on JUNE grumble as she move to the passenger door : JUNE well I do not , he be not even you dog . 27a omitted 27a 28 int . andy'' house / bedroom - night 28 Joan , she mood light - heart , enter , with Duke follow . she cross to the closet , select a change of clothes and move to lay they out on the bed . noting the message light blink on she answer machine , she step over to the night -stand , press the playback and to a series of tone precede the record message , move out of frame . 29 int . andy'' house / bathroom - night 29 the indistinct sound of a tape message over : Joan turn the tap on in the wash basin and begin splash water on she face . then as she reach to a towel and turn the tap off , the word of a popular rock song can be hear . exhibit some curiosity , she exit the bathroom . 30 int . andy'' house / bedroom - night 30 Joan stand hold the towel over she mouth , stare down at the answer machine . issue from it , a man' voice in a eerily whisper falsetto , sing the word , " every breath you take , every move you make , I will be watch you . " man trouble - Rev. 5/20/91 29 . 31 ext . STREET / int . joan be car - night 31 ( above music faintly over :) once again Joan be stop at a signal . aware of someone watch she , she turn to look through the window . a man in a adjacent car be stare at she , and momentarily address she with a peculiar request : man how about a little smile . she quickly face front and as the light change , accelerate through the intersecion . 32 int . campus rehearsal room - on lewie - night 32 ( shot 5 / 16 ) * conduct the soprano section of the " et resurrexit , " accompany by the pianist . on rest of chorale the previously see eddy revere among they . on joan and other soloist seat on a lower level of the tiere chair arrange in a semi-circle around lewie . closer on joan her eye fix on lewie intensely peruse he for any sign of malevolence . her Pov of lewie as he address the sopranos over they voice . lewie this be suppose to sound virginal , lady , so let 's try to fake it . on soprano chorus sing and they various reaction to the above remark . man trouble - Rev. 5/20/91 30 . * 33 ext . nearby campus area - night ( shot 5 / 16 ) 33 * * on duke he lie on the lawn , secure to the base of a tree by a long leash . eddy move into view and step over to Duke , lean down as though he intend to pet he : joan do not do that . he turn to see Joan approach with a paper cup fill with water . eddy do not do what ? joan you be not suppose to look he straight in the eye . eddy you have a dog you can not look in the eye , Joan ? joan he 's not just a dog . he 's a schutzhund train attack dog . eddy oh ... he step back from the dog as Joan lean down to give Duke some water from the cup . joan I be tell to avoid a direct gaze and always look at the base of the right or the leave ear . eddy you do not have to go to all this trouble , I have offer to stay up at you sister 's with you ? joan I can not tell you how mad I be at lewie , that I have to leave he out here , tie to a tree ... eddy God , you be stubborn , Joan . ( continued ) man trouble - Rev. 5/20/91 30a . * 33 continued : 33 joan I be not stubborn , I be so accommodate , it 's sicken . she pat Duke on the head and stand up : eddy but you will not tell I what 's really bother you . why do not you confide in I anymore ? joan I do . eddy no you do not . come on , talk to I . let 's go have a drink after rehearsal . joan ( reluctantly ) tonight ? a woman chorus member stick she head out the stage door : woman eddy , you better come , he 's rehearse the tenor ! eddy I be come ...! ( then to Joan ) how about tomorrow night then ? joan I do not know . let 's say maybe . eddy ( slightly annoyed ) well do not go out of you way , Joan . he move quickly toward the rehearsal room . immediately afraid of he displeasure , she call after he : joan eddy ? tomorrow 's fine . okay ? before disappear into the studio , he make a gesture acknowledge she capitulation . 34 omitted 34 &amp ; &amp ; 35 35 ) J ( man trouble - Rev. 5/21/91 31 . 36 int . andy'' house / live room - late day 36 Harry , Joan and Duke follow , move along the glass facade , inspect , then assess the security status of the house : harry well , I would have to say this place * be a snap to break into . joan I know it . I should not have move here . harry do not worry . the dog will take care * of anyone try to get inside . she move down into the live room , crossing toward one of the couch , with Harry follow : joan I do not know what to do . maybe I should move into a motel . harry no , you do not have to do that . this be just some ding - do that 's try to scare you . joan well he 's succeed . she sit down . harry but you do not want to give off that impression , by act too timid or afraid , because that 's what invite a aggressive attitude from certain type of man . * joan * I do not invite this . * * harry for instance , do not go mincing * along , take mousey little step , and wave you hanky , because * you be draw a target on yourself if you do ... joan do I do that ? * ( continued ) ) J ( man trouble - Rev. 5/21/91 32 . * 36 continued : 36 harry well , let 's see . just walk back and forth the way you normally do . joan ( stand up ) well I do not normally walk back and forth , but ... okay . she attempt a few step then stop abruptly : joan I be sorry , I can not do it with you watch I . harry okay , but keep in mind that you want to exhibit a very confident attitude . look like you know what you be do and where you be go . joan uhm-hmm . harry just remember to stop short of appear a little dykey , because that 's not attractive . joan but I think that 's you point , no to attract ... harry no , no , you always want to remain a little bit attractive . otherwise that can set somone off too . joan this be just impossible . she move back to the couch and sit down . joan you just can not win . harry sure you can , it 's just a matter of degree . joan well darn it , I give up ... drop she head into she hand . ( continued ) ) J ( man trouble - Rev. 5/21/91 33 . 36 continued : ( 2 ) 36 harry uh-oh . ( move over to she and touch she gently ) now what 's this ? joan I be sorry but this be really get to I . he sit down next to she : harry tell you what . let I take you out of here , buy you a drink , and * see if we can not get you mind off this kind of thing . joan that 's very sweet of you , Harry . I would like to do that . 36a omitted 36a man trouble - Rev. 5/20/91 34/35 . 37 int . yamashiro inn / pavilion - late day 37 ( japanese " mood music " over ) , feature a morbid , nearly suicidal saxophone solo : ) John and Harry seat at a table . she be well past the loosen effect of a second glass of wine , be not unaware that Harry be look at she : he light a cigarette . as she reach to she glass , he eye follow the motion of she hand . she look in front the window : joan how long have you be divorced ? harry oh , I would say seven or eight year , around there . joan and so you like , well , assume you live a single existence , I * mean most man do not seem to enjoy that , I have read . she lift she glass , take a sip , then set it back down : harry I have to tell you the truth ... ( he pause ) I have be observe you hand , and I have to use the word exquisite . joan really ? well ... ( continued ) man trouble - Rev. 4/23/91 36 . 37 continued : 37 embarrass by the compliment , she reach to she glass and nearly knock it over , spilling a bit of wine onto the tablecloth and be relieved to find he gaze off and unaware of she gaffe . harry you be probably quite a singer too . ( look back to she ) I would like to come down and catch you sometime . joan yes , anytime . do you like classical music ? harry very much . even to the degree that when it 's play on the radio , I sometimes have to turn the damn thing off . think he be revealing a peculiar brand of wit , she laugh . harry ( cont 'd ) I just mean it start to get to I too much . I can not swallow my saliva . joan I be sorry . I should not have laugh . harry yeah , symphony , operettas , poem , thing like that . all that type of thing really get to I . joan ( look intensely at he ) uhm hmm . a japanese hostess appear at the table , bow reveren - * tially and gesture that they table be ready . * 37a int . yamashiro inn / restaurant - night 37a * Joan and Harry at a window table . a number of serve dish and plate on the table indicate the completion of they meal . ( continued ) man trouble - Rev. 4/23/91 36a. 37a continued : 37a she be flushed from the wine and exhilated by she response to Harry : joan you be full of surprise , Harry , you know that ? that you have actually read Dante 's Divine Comedy I mean ... harry well , it be a while back there that I do , yeah ... joan you know that part ? ' yet as a wheel move smoothly , free from jar , my will and my desire be turn by love , the love that move the sun and other star . ' he nod , while Joan , hope to disguise the extent of she emotion , look down and begin move she wine in circle : joan ( cont 'd ) for some reason , the sublimity of that always touch I . man trouble - Rev. 4/22/91 37 . * 37b ext . yamashiro inn / front entrance - night 37b Joan and Harry come down the step of the Inn . the sun have go down and the light of the city have come on . under the follow they cross the driveway to a low fence railing off a Oriental garden . joan you know , it 's very sad . I look at my sister and all she marriage and affair , not to mention the mess my own life be in , and I think it 's very sad and very bleak that man and woman can not manage to be friend . harry it depend on the man and woman you be talk about . they arrive at the fence and as she speak she rest one of she hand on the railing : joan what a tragedy that sex be often such a barrier to friendship between man and woman . harry there I disagree with you . he place he hand over hers . she remain silent a moment , restrain she response to the gesture . then : joan you know Dante and beatrice never sleep together . harry be that right ? ( catch himself ) oh yeah , I forget that part . joan well , anyway ... I should not have have so much wine ... because I prefer to go a little slow here . harry we can go as slow as you want ... why not ? ( continued ) man trouble - Rev. 4/22/91 38. 37b continued : 37b joan so ... ( look at he ) you think man and woman can be friend ? harry oh yeah , absolutely . 38 omitted 38 39 ext . andy'' house / front yard / driveway - day 39 Joan , accompany by Duke , move down the driveway to a mailbox in front of the break gate . she pause to lavish the dog with a exuberant display of affection and find herself intimidate as he respond by leaping about and barking joyously : joan alright now , do not play too rough . the excitement have unleash Duke 's libido and as she try to resume she mission , he make a few attempt to rise against she flank . just before she approach the mailbox , he manage to grip he paw around one of she thigh and unmistakably begin to hump she : joan no , no , Duke , do not do that , that 's not nice . now sitz . and behave yourself . he sit , panting , with a furtive expression on he face , watch as she step over to the mailbox and open it . she take out a number of letter and sort through they as she start back to the house with Duke follow . they be in the main address to Andy , but in amongst they she find a bank statement address to she , as well as a letter with she name write in pencil on the envelope . she open it , take the content out and stop suddenly : close on joan' hand hold a woodcut with a fox edge revealing it be tear from the page of a book . it be of a woman kneel with she head on the block , while above she a hood executioner stand with a ax in he hand . man trouble - Rev. 5/9/91 39 . 40 omitted 40 40a ext . campus concession area - day 40 a Joan and helen , seat at a table near the concessionary building . the latter sit , tense and disturb , a uneaten sandwich in front of she , as helen read from a list of suspect . ( lewie can be see at another table , seat across from a bearded man . the other member of the chorale , include the male soloist , be variously seat , move about , or loung on the campus lawn , have they lunch . ) helen ( cont 'd ) ' lewie . mad at I . ' the camera peruse lewie . helen ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) do not want a divorce . maybe he 's try to scare I , or punish I . helen lean she head in close to joan' : helen ( cont 'd ) it 's definitely not lewie . joan you be not exactly a disinterested party . you be always promote he cause ... helen number one , I have know the man for fifteen year , number two , he ... love you . she glance at eddy , then consult the list : * on eddy * seat on the lawn nearby , pare a apple with a swiss * Army knife : * helen ( o.s. ) * ' eddy revere , a little moody , but a good friend and very reliable . back to helen * helen ( cont 'd ) a opinion I do not share , but ... what do you think about Vincent ? * ( continued ) man trouble - Rev. 5/9/91 40 . 40a continued : 40a on vincent gallardo gesture expansively , as he relate some incident to he table partner : helen ( v.o. ) he have a terrible temper . we know that . back to helen * helen ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) ' Vincent gallardo . doubtful . we have never have a unpleasant word . ' be not you lucky . ' Kenneth dowler ...' * on kenneth dowler * he stand with a styrofoam cup in he hand , come on to one of the member of the female chorus : helen ' always try to connect with I , propose private rehearsals at he apartment . ' you know what he ask I yesterday ? back to helen and joan * helen ( cont 'd ) what my cup size be . * ( back to the list ) Steve jewel ! who 's Steve jewel ? joan my piano tuner . helen be he weird or something ? joan well everyone appear weird to I * right now . so I put every * possible name down , except for one , who happen to be post - burglary . helen return to the list , tapping she finger on one of the name : ( continued ) 41 . 40a continued : ( 2 ) 40a helen I think it 's he , the tree surgeon . he sound very suspicious ... joan just do not tell lewie about the phone message or the thing I get in the mail , because he will just use it to ... helen I already do . joan ( annoyed ) helen . 41 int . campus rehearsal room - night 41 Joan and lewie stand in the doorway of the rehearsal room . ( a portion of the chorus membership be seat in chair , and some , include eddy revere and helen , show occasional interest in the intense exchange take place at the door : ) lewie I be extremely concerned about this situation . I do not want you live alone up there . she regards he suspiciously . he modulate he voice to a more persuasive and intimate tone : lewie now come on , would not you feel much safer if you move back into we house ? joan no , I would not feel comfortable about do that . lewie come here ... he take hold of she arm and move she out into the hall : joan darn it , lewie . ( continued ) 42 . 41 continued : 41 lewie what ? be you afraid of you response to I ? joan tch ... lewie ( amorously ) why be you resisting ? joan this be very upsetting , really shitty circumstance I be deal with and I ... lewie do you know how hard all this have be on I ? do you think it 's that easy for I to admit I want you back ? joan could not you spare yourself then ? lewie be you see anybody ? just tell I that . she roll she eye , sighing impatiently . lewie come on , you be not the abstinent type . joan please , do not judge I by you scrotal excess , lewie . lewie I know you be see somebody . joan ( suspicious again ) be you spying on I ? lewie come on . be open about it . ( kiss she on the neck , then ) who be it ? ( continued ) 43 . 41 continued : ( 2 ) 41 her gaze meet helen 's , who , misconstrueng the situation , make a " ok " sign , deliver she semiotic sanction to the happy reunion in the hallway . joan ( back to lewie ) alright , I be see someone , okay ? he pull back , narrowing he eye at she : lewie I do not believe you . who be it ? 42 int . / ext . andy'' house - night 42 outside Joan and Harry dine . the patio be light only by candle on the table . socorro enter the live room with a tray hold a coffee urn and cup and closely tail by Duke . she move toward the patio . 43 ext . andy'' house / patio - night 43 socorro set the tray down and depart for the kitchen with Duke again fall in behind she . Joan begin to pour they coffee , glance inside the house to see ... socorro turn light out while the indefatigable Duke try to mount she . uttering some impatient complaint , she swipe at he with a napkin and the two move out of view through the kitchen door . joan you know , I hate to mention this but we be have a slight problem with Duke . harry what ? joan well ... ( hand he a cup ) he keep get up and try to ride on one 's extremity . harry oh do not worry about that . ( continued ) man trouble - Rev. 4/23/91 44 . 43 continued : 43 joan especially socorro , who can not speak English , let alone german , and sometimes she have to go pull he from room to room like a vacuum cleaner . harry no , that 's just normal in most of you adult male . some percentage of the time they be gonna attempt to make this vulgar motion on you person . he place he arm on the couch behind she : harry ( cont 'd ) you just have to be very firm and stay on top of he . in the sky beyond the hill a helicopter beam its light . 43a int . andy'' house / live room - night ( some time later ) 43a Joan and Harry be seat on the couch have coffee as * they listen to a chopin nocturne . he be do he best * to emulate she posture of thoughtful intensity as she listen , but as he steal a look at she he adult male impulse cause he to shift about slightly . she look over at he : joan it 's not affect you too much , be it ? harry no , it 's very nice . joan it 's chopin , a nocturne . harry you know what 's affect I ? joan night -piece , it mean . harry you be . he reach over and run he hand slowly down she back . ( continued ) 45 . 43a continued : 43a joan I think I should say something . harry do not worry about it . joan that 's the problem though , I want to be honest with you ... harry there 's no problem . he lean over and kiss she . after a moment she break off : joan because I recently realize something about myself . that I have sleep with a number of man in my life just because I do not want they not to like I . harry ( not averse to be one of they ) uhm hmm . joan but the thing be , I do not like most of they that much , so why do I care whether they like I or not ? harry you know , I be not one of this guy who 's go to look upon you as a object . joan oh , I know , that 's not what I be say ... harry because I look upon a woman as a whole . joan what I be say be I do not know if right now I might not go to bed with you because I do not want to be alone , so I think maybe we ... could try to explore other mode , or ... ( continued ) man trouble - Rev. 4/22/91 46 . 43a continued : ( 2 ) 43a harry other mode ? joan I mean , there be other way of be intimate , that people do not even realize . harry uhm hmm . joan which do not mean I be not attract to you . harry * but you do not want I to bring you * around . * joan * pardon I ? * harry other mode be fine . you do not have to be shy with I . ( move closer to she ) I have be ask to do do every kind of thing in the book . he kiss she once more . her response , be far less tentative . as it begin to border on the ardent , she break off again : joan God , it 's so hard to pioneer in this area ... when you keep do that ... 44 int . andy'' house / bedroom - night 44 Joan and Harry tussle about with abandon fervor under the cover of the bed . a fire be burn in the fireplace . presently , the phone ring , follow by : joan ( v.o. ) ( on answer machine ) please leave a message after the tone ... thank you . ( continued ) man trouble - Rev. 4/22/91 46a. 44 continued : 44 the beep be follow by Andy 's voice , in some wane stage of sedation , come from the phone speaker : andy ( v.o. ) Joan ? it 's Andy ... be you there ? ( pause ) I want to inform you that this people be drugging I ... 47 . 44a int . darkened hospital room 44a Andy , speak covertly into a telephone . she wear a hospital smock and be seat on the edge of bed occupy by a woman in a drug-induced state of oblivion . andy there 's no phone in my room , or cable tv . I have have to sneak into this cell next to I , with some poor lithium zombie lie here like a comatose cabbage ... 44b int . andy'' house / bedroom - back to harry and joan 44b she expression show some concern : joan maybe I better take this . she try to move closer to the phone , hinder by Harry 's weight . andy ( v.o. ) and this be the length this assassin be willing to go to suppress I , because he do not want I to have my book . joan Harry , excuse I , it 's my sister . he move off of she and she lean across he torso , pin he to the bed as she address the speaker : joan Andy ... it 's Joan . intercut between Joan and : 44c int . andy'' house / bedroom / int . hospital room 44c andy oh you be there . thank God . joan where be you ? be you in New York ? andy no , that 's what I be tell you . I go into the hospital first , for one day , just to have a simple bone spur ... ( continued ) 48 . 44c continued : 44c joan I know , you tell I that , but where be you now ? andy ... and the next thing I know I be transport some place the hell else , against my knowledge , while I be completely medicate ... joan Andy , wait a minute ... andy do you understand the implication of this , I have no underpant on , and absolutely no recourse to my rights ! Joan sit up , and in she alarm be unaware that one of she hand grab hold of a swatch of hair on Harry 's chest , cause he to wince : joan oh God , this be because of Red , be not it ? andy yes , it 's because of Red , be not that obvious !? evidence interest in they exchange , Harry manage to reach to he cigarettes on the night stand . andy and if he and that fuckface lawyer in he pay employ , think they can ... wait. ( whisper ) I think I hear someone . Joan turn to Harry , a stricken look on she face : joan what be I suppose to do ? harry find out where she be . joan hello ? Andy ? you have to tell I where you be . man trouble - Rev. 4/23/91 49 . 44d int . hospital room 44d andy I tell you , I do not know where I be , this bastard be very clever . she look at the heavily - meshed wire cover the window : andy ( cont 'd ) I be in some private cracker box in the boony , with godamme wire on the window ... 44e int . andy'' house / bedroom - night 44e harry * ask she the name of the first * hospital . * joan Andy , tell I the name of the * hospital you check yourself into . andy ( v.o. ) mount Haven , it 's in the South Bay , and do not ask I this inane * question , just do something ... * harry tell she we will find it . joan we will find it , okay , so do not worry ... andy ( v.o. ) I hear someone come , I have to get off . joan ... because I be sure there 's some simple explanation ... she be cut short by the abrupt sound of the phone hanging up on the other end . again , she turn to Harry : joan what should I do ? should I call the police ? harry no . he reach to a ashtray on the night stand and quickly douse he cigarette : ( continued ) 50 . 44e continued : 44e harry let 's just take a run out there . on joan hesitant and fearful : joan you mean right now ? 44f ext . freeway - series of shot - night 44f as Joan 's car creep along on a Saturday night freeway , bottle up a line of car behind . 45 ext . freeway / int . joan be car - night 45 Harry be none too happily confine to the passenger seat as Joan , white knuckling on the wheel , obsess on Andy : joan I tell she she should not do this , I mean , to be so maniacally obsessed with this soul of mud that she would even want to write a book about he , be beyond I ... harry well the guy must be do something right to have amass that amount of wealth . joan but she do this , you know , she just periodically drop the entire weight of she life on I like a ton of brick . harry Joan , can I make a suggestion ? joan yes , please , anything . harry you better try a keep up a little with the flow or we be gonna get cite . 51 . 46 int . mount haven hospital / reception area - night 46 Harry stand scowling for effect , he arm around Joan . a male admission' clerk sit at a computer behind a counter , key up a file , then read if off the screen : a.c. ellerman , antonia . she be admit on the third of the month and be sign out at 3:45 p.m. on the fourth , by she personal physician ... joan how do you know he be she physician ? harry Hell , I could come in here and say I be a doctor a ' sign somebody out . joan and even if he be a doctor , it do not mean he be my sister 's doctor . a.c. accord to this he be she doctor . joan then who be the doctor who operate on she foot ? a.c. ( look at screen ) there 's nothing on here about she foot . it say ' observation for clinical depression . ' joan that 's a lie . she be in here for a operation , then she be drugge and take out of here against she will . a.c . that could not possibly happen , we have very strict regulation about ... ( continued ) man trouble - Rev. 4/22/91 52. 46 continued : 46 harry okay , let 's stop waste time here , where be this guy , what 's he name ? a.c. ( look at the screen ) his name be Dr. Monroe park. ( back to they ) it do not say where he be . joan I can not believe this , you mean there 's no phone number or address ? a.c . I be sorry , but I do not type this file ... harry what kind of business be you run here , buddy ? a.c . all I can do be give you the data I have on here . if you want to call the physician 's registry ... ( gesture to a bank of pay phone ) there 's some public phone over there . he 's probably list with they . he turn away from they and back to the computer . 47 int . mount haven hospital / waiting room - night 47 Joan wander anxiously around the wait room . in the b.g. , Harry can be see at one of the pay phone . see he hang up , she stop pace and look toward he . Pov : he approach , answer she expectant look with a shake of the head and the dishearten news : harry nothing . no Dr. Monroe Park . 53 . 48 ext . mount haven hospital - night 48 Harry and Joan , move toward the hospital parking lot : joan how be I suppose to find this man ? maybe he use a false name , or maybe he be not even a doctor ... harry I have get a couple of idea here . first , we want to try a ' connect with Red layl . joan no , I do not want anything to do with Red , I be terrify of he . harry there 's nothing to be afraid of , believe I . joan I mean , you hear all kind of thing , about government kickback , and panamanian drug courier and ... harry I know this type of guy . you take away they money and they power , and what be they . joan no , really , I have to do something . I have to go to the police ... he stop walk and take a hold of she hand : harry just hold off a bit on that , honey , will you ? joan oh , that 's nice . harry what ? joan you call I honey . harry well that 's what you be . ( continued ) man trouble - Rev. 4/23/91 54 . 48 continued : 48 he put a arm around she , speak in reassure tone : harry ( cont 'd ) I want to get a hold of this top private investigator , who 's a close , personal friend of mine , okay , and get he to find out who this doctor be . joan Harry , this be not you problem and I do not want to draw you into it ... * harry do not worry , we be go to find you sister . ( he kiss she ) everything 's go to turn out fine . 49 int . meryl' coffee shop - on newspaper headline - day 49 read " Sixth victim of westside slasher . " the angle shift to reveal Harry seat at a table next to a plate glass window , read the above paper . the view be inclusive of the House of bliss across the street . he lower the paper as a waitress ( vita ) appear with a silex of coffee . she sit down opposite he , refilling he cup and address he in a familiar manner : vita okay , go ahead , I have gotta hear this . who be it this time ? harry no , it 's not what you think . this be a very unique individual I be talk about . plus there 's a mind there , as well as a body and a face . vita do not I hear this before , about * the hostess at denny 's , that be a college graduate and have a mole like Elizabeth Taylor ? ( continued ) man trouble - Rev. 4/23/91 55 . 49 continued : 49 harry I be tell you , this be something completely different . you gotta meet she . she sing opera and have * the hand of a hula dancer ... under the follow , June can be see crossing the street from the House of bliss and approach the coffee shop : harry ( cont 'd ) anyway , you remember that private * detective that use to come in here all the time ? on the portly side , bald , have kind of cross eye ... vita oh. Fred , you mean ? harry yeah , that 's he . how do you think I could get a hold of he ? vita oh gee , I think he 's move out of the area and go into gourmet * snack . * 50 int . meryl' coffee shop / ext . STREET - day 50 Harry 's attention be draw to June , tapping on the window . * harry what ?! * June , mouth " there 's some guy over there want to see you . " then she gesture to a Continental town car in the parking lot next to the House of bliss . 51 ext . house of bliss / parking lot - day 51 Harry stand back , uneasily regard the smoke window and the sun flaring off the glossy surface of the car . ( continued ) man trouble - Rev. 5/9/91 56 . 51 continued : 51 presently , the passenger door open and l.n. moncrief , a barely discernible presence in a suit blend in with the dark interior of the car , address he by name : moncrief Mr. bliss , I would like to have word with you , if I may . on JUNE , stand on the sidewalk next to the House of bliss , look at Harry and as he disappear into the car , she turn and go inside the building . 52 ext . house of bliss / another angle - day 52 the camera make a slow circuit around the Continental , take in a aerial protrude from the trunk , and below it a license plate with the word " typhon " on it . the * move continue , briefly scanning a driver with a nasty recidivist face , seat behind the wheel , and as we come full circle , the passenger door open and Harry get out . he slam the door and step back , angrily glaring at the car . the hydraulic window open and moncrief look out at he : harry you be talk to the wrong godamme party , you know that ? moncrief I think it 's in you best interest to hear I out . harry no , you hear I out , friend ... he take note of the driver ( sturge ) come around the front of the car . he stop a few foot off and unbutton he jacket , revealing the cross-strap of a shoulder holster . Harry step over to the window , lean down and communicate in more politic tone : harry look , I happen to have a very high regard for this party . and maybe I even have some feeling of a personal nature here . moncrief well I do not want to appear to be take unfair advantage of you ... ( continued ) man trouble - Rev. 5/9/91 57 . 52 continued : 52 harry goddamn right . moncrief reach into a briefcase , take out a folder and make reference to its content as he speak : moncrief but in develop certain information on you , it 's come to we attention that you name be not Harry bliss . that in fact , you name be Eugene Earl axline ... * harry wait a minute . moncrief and that both the i.r.s. , and a impressive number of creditor in several Eastern city ... ( look up at Harry ) ... seem to be somewhat interested in you whereabouts . Harry stand up , leave the vulnerable area of he stomach frame in the passenger window . when he lean back down , a deeply conflict expression be apparent on he face : harry you know , that 's not necessarily entirely accurate , I mean , I do not know where you come up with this so-called fact , but ... ( at a loss , he look off , shaking he head ) I can not go sneaking around , steal this lady 's property . moncrief I would like to pose that the name and reputation of this very decent man , be not the property of Mrs. ellerman , or she sister . * he take a voucher from the folder and set the file aside : ( continued ) man trouble - Rev. 5/9/91 58 . 52 continued : ( 2 ) 52 moncrief and it 's my hope that we can avoid any unpleasant eventuality , either for you , or for someone you have such admirable feeling toward ... harry what do you mean , ' unpleasant ' ? moncrief I mean that Mr. layl be prepare to do whatever it take to confiscate this document . and if you would like to be of some assistance * to we , by find it and turn * it over to I , he would like to offer * you this very generous gift . * he hold the voucher out to Harry who avoid look at it : harry Jesus Christ , I hardly know the woman . I be just rent a dog to she , that 's all . ( look at moncrief ) what kind of a person do you take I for ? Harry stand in the parking lot , watch as the con - tinental drive off . he start to move toward the House of bliss , then stop and open the voucher , brave a look at it . closeup of typhon corporation check * sign by l.n. moncrief and make out to the sum of $ 15,000 . 53 ext . STREET ( perpendicular to andy'' house ) - day 53 Joan 's car pull onto the street lead to Andy 's house . her gaze be draw to a pickup park on the street and , as she pass the vehicle she turn to look at : ( continued ) man trouble - Rev. 4/23/91 59 . * 53 continued : 53 Pov - butch gable sit in the pickup . a pile of recently - trim tree branch litter the ground near the truck . he turn he head to look at she . 54 ext . andy'' house / driveway - day 54 Joan get out of the mercede and open the gate . as she move back to the driver 's door , she glance at butch , then get quickly into the car . she drive in through the gate and once again get out to close they behind she . on butch he watch sullenly as she car disappear through the gate , then lift a can of beer to he mouth and drink . 55 int . andy'' house / den - day 55 Joan search through the file cabinet and not find what she 's look for , go through a similar course of procedure with the desk drawer . angle - upstair on a upstairs landing , she search through some drawer and cupboard . then spot socorro on the level below : joan oh , socorro ... angle past joan to socorro below joan ( cont 'd ) could you come in here , por favor ? as socorro come to the landing , Joan indicate one of the open desk drawer : joan I - am-look -for-my-sister 's -book . socorro step closer and glance into the the now disorderly content of the drawer , shake she head defensively : socorro no . no es mis . ( continued ) man trouble - Rev. 4/23/91 60 . * 55 continued : 55 joan La manuscripto ( hold a empty manila envelope in she hand ) ... de mis hermana , Andy , si ? ( point at herself ) I go ... today la casa ... ( make a wide sweeping gesture with she hand ) everywhere ... look y look ... ( point at she own eye ) and no es anywhere . sabe usted ? socorro smile apologetically : socorro no se , no entiendo ... ( back away ) lo siento ... continue to mumble some disclaimer , she move out into the hallway and disappear . 55a int . andy'' house / bedroom - continuous action - day 55a Joan rifle through the drawer of a small escritoire against the back wall of the bedroom . then she move toward the dress area give off to the bathroom , and stop as she see the top rung of a ladder just visible above the bottom ledge of a window adjacent to the shower . a small section of glass have be remove , just large enough to permit the entry of hand to the window lock . 56 int . house of bliss office - late day 56 Harry behind he desk , irritable , avoid eye contact with Joan , who be seat across from he on the window bench . ( see Appendix for new item , visible on the crime collage behind Harry . ) ( continued ) 61 . 56 continued : 56 joan I tell this detective I want to press charge against Red layl , for abduct Andy , for burglarize my apartment , for break into she house ... harry oh come on , you be way off . joan and that he 's be try to scare and intimidate I in case I might have read something in she manuscript that he do not want anybody to know . and you know what he say ? that I have not give he probable cause to even go and question Red layl , or he lawyer ... harry well , he 's right , I could have tell you that . this be a man who go fishing with the President , honey . ( grab a pack of cigarettes ) he 's a little high up to go around burglarize people and send they nasty note . so why do not you just ease back on this thing for awhile ... ( lighting up ) life 's too godamme short . joan I can not do that , Harry . this be my sister . I can at least make out a miss person report on she , and then I want to talk to the private detective friend of yours . harry I be try to chase the guy down , okay ? but do not go and make yourself sick ... he begin push the paraphernalia around on he desk : harry I mean , Jesus , why do not you just get this damn thing and hand it over to I and I will give it to this guy . ( continued ) man trouble - Rev. 4/22/91 62. 56 continued : ( 2 ) 56 joan you mean to Red ? harry yeah , to Red , or whoever ... joan well if I ever find , it , that 's the last thing I would do with it . harry dammit , you be make my work more difficult for I , you know that ! joan what be this , have I come at the wrong time or something ? harry I tell you what the hell to do and you do not listen to I ! Joan look down at the floor , attempt a drollery : joan well , someone abate you maidenhood and suddenly feel they can start order you around . harry I be not order you around . I be just give you my opinion . and maybe I get tired of hearing about this stuff all the time , this book business , this manu -whatever , and Red layl , and you sister . joan oh. well ... ( deeply hurt ) I be sorry if I have overtaxe you with my problem , Harry , but I never ask you to consider they a part of you work . ( stand up ) so why do not we speak when you be in a better frame of mind . as she cross to the door , Harry stand up : harry ah honey , now ... ( continued ) 63 . 56 continued : ( 3 ) 56 joan aw honey yourself . she disappear into the reception room and can be hear go out the door . Harry move to the window , unhappily watch as Joan get into the mercede and drive off . on harry again seat at he desk . he stare out the window , in the throes of a moral conflict . then make some sudden resolve he open a drawer , take out a envelope and a paperback book and lay they on the desk . closeup on paperback the price sticker be still attach above the title : Dante 's Divine Comedy - simplify edition . he open the book , remove the typhon voucher from between its page and begin address the envelope with the information on the check . then he put the voucher into the envelope and seal it . 57 ext . STREET - evening 57 Harry , envelope in hand , move with determination down the block from he building . he approach a mailbox , pull the handle on the letter drop and insert he hand inside the chute . he hold it there a moment , seize by indecision , and then bring he hand back out , still hold the envelope . turn around , he angrily stuff it into he back pocket and head back to the House of bliss . 58 omitted 58 58a int . andy'' house / kitchen - night 58a Joan , carry two glass of beer , cross to exit the kitchen , the ubiquitous Duke trail after she . she pause to address socorro , at the service island , vigorously hack at the pink cadaver of chicken and toss the dismember piece into a stewing pot : joan oh , socorro , please - keep - the-dog ... el perro , in ... in piso inferior , por favor ... exercise room ... tiene allergy ... ( continued ) man trouble - Rev. 4/22/91 64 . * 58a continued : 58a socorro ah , si . Duke , venga aqui . Duke return to the kitchen and Joan move into a enter - tainment alcove off the live room . helen be seat on a couch , eat a slice of pizza from a delivery box on the coffee table , she attention on the tv , where a talk show be in progress : host ( v.o. ) ( over above action ) ... and now I would like you to meet the director and the star of the smash hit movie , blood and kiss . so let 's give they a nice warm welcome ... 59 omitted 59 59a int . andy'' house / den 59a applause over . on a large tv screen , where a fervently solicitous host address the director . seat beside he be the actress previously see on the billboard and in the movie trailer of blood and kiss . ) host ( v.o. ) before we begin , why do not we show the audience a clip from the movie . do you want to set it up for we ? director ( v.o. ) well , it 's a bit ... this scene involve ... just go ahead and run it . after clip : host ( v.o. ) ( to the director ) I must say , this be a dazzle piece of work and you two be a dynamite wedding of talent ... Joan hand helen one of the glass , then sit down beside she . under the follow , she pick up a pen and lean over the police document now rest on the coffee table . ( continued ) man trouble - Rev. 4/23/91 65 . 59a continued : 59a host ( v.o. ) but I hear you be a little sensitive about the criticism you have have about the amount of sexual violence and nudity you have in the picture ... joan * ' any scar , mark or tattoo . ' * director ( v.o. ) ( overlap she ) well it 's absurd . in the first place , I do not invent this genre . and it happen to be a tradition in this kind of film that woman make more interesting and exciting victim than man do ... host ( v.o. ) well , I understand ... she look up from the document to the screen . then both woman look at each other with they mouth open : director ( v.o. ) and secondly the violence direct * at mimi 's character be a essential component of the story , and be not in any sense of the word , gratuitous . on tv screen as the host turn to the actress : host ( v.o. ) but , mimi , now what about you . that scene where you run nude through Times Square with that multiple knife wound all over you body . that must have be horrendous for you . on joan as she throw the pen down onto the coffee table : joan actress ( v.o. ) asshole . yes it be , very horrendous ... joan ( to helen ) come on , let I drive you home . ( continued ) man trouble - Rev. 4/22/91 66 . 59a continued : ( 2 ) 59a helen actress ( v.o. ) wait . but what help I enormously be that we shot the film * in sequence ... 60 omitted 60 through through 63a 63a 64 int . house of bliss - rear apartment - night 64 June , lie on a studio couch with a remote control in she hand , look at the actress : actress ( v.o. ) ... and that scene come directly after the gang rape in the elevator . Harry step into view , only half - listen and grumble : harry what 's she problem . actress ( v.o. ) also , I love Dick 's taste so I know he be handle it very artistically ... harry now what 's she complain about ? he hold out he hand to June , request the remote control : harry host ( v.o. ) give I that . well , you be just delightful in the movie and you be both great fun to have on the show . thanks for come . * ( to camera ) iwo 's get some shit she 's do not go away , we will be * look at ... right back . * ( before you go , let 's look * at another clip from blood * and kiss ! ) * ( continued ) man trouble - Rev. 4/22/91 66a . 64 continued : ( A1 ) 64 harry ... I come over here to look at the ball game and you give I this clown . a commercial come on . June hand he the remote and he sit down on the couch , channele to a baseball game : harry I mean , what 's wrong with this woman . JUNE you want a know something ? harry they do not want to hear the truth , that 's what disturb I . ( continued ) man trouble - Rev. 4/23/91 67 . 64 continued : ( 2 ) 64 JUNE there 's some people that do not treat I like you do . harry you tell they the truth and they come at you with a cleaver . JUNE I know one guy that say very complimentary thing to I , like that I have nice feature and a sense of humor . * harry what guy ? JUNE some guy I meet , that like I . he look at she , then reach over and place a hand affectionately on the nape of she neck : harry you be go to leave I , lard , just after I have break you in , and teach you the fine art of dog training ? JUNE maybe . ( wait for a * response , then ) * as if you care . * harry ( shake he head and sigh ) women. ( then back to the tv ) what 's the score ? x64 ext . andy'' house / garage - night x64 Joan and helen enter the garage . Joan get into the driver 's seat and close the door , while helen maneuver on she crutch around to the passenger side . angle inside joan' car Joan turn the ignition on and as she start to buckle herself in , she eye catch the movement of something at the back of the garage . 68 . x64 continued : x64 from behind a sheet of plywood rest against the back wall of the garage , and just visible in the darkness , a man 's hand can be see reach to the handle of a ax in amongst other gardening tool in a iron rack . helen open the passenger door and Joan whisper to she : joan helen , quick , get in the car ! helen lean down and look in at she : helen what ? look in the direction of Joan 's gaze she see the dark figure of a man wear a hood over he head , step out from behind the sheet of plywood , hold the ax in he hand and as he move toward the front of the car , she scream . he lift the ax over he head and swing it down vio - lently , cleave the blade into the hood of the mercede . ( from inside the house , duke can be hear barking furiously . ) Joan leap from the car and in stark terror , run out of the garage toward the house . stop by the sound of helen' hysteria , she turn around to see she , hamper by she crutch and unable to move . on the hood man' eye , shifting they homicidal intent from helen to Joan . Joan run back into the garage and frantically try to pull helen away from she death grip on the door handle . the man begin stalking around the front of the car toward she . she grab one of helen 's crutch and raise it up as if to hit he . as he step back to the ax and try to extract it from the hood , she suddenly rush at he and begin belabor he with the crutch . he lift a arm to fend off the blow while he other hand con - tinue to tug at the ax handle . joan helen ! help I ! helen I can not ! I can not move !! raising both arm to protect himself , the man be force to give ground , move further back into the garage , with Joan continue to batter at he . then in a sudden burst of rage he grab hold of the crutch , yank it from she grasp and lunge at she . ) o ( man trouble - Rev. 5/30/91 69 . x64a int . andy'' house / hallway and stair - angle down hall x64a continuous action - night socorro exit she bedroom to the hall and head down the the stair to investigate the cause of duke's barking . x64b int . andy'' house / exercise room - night x64b socorro step into the room . the door automatically close behind she . Duke , in a frenzy , leap at she , then run toward the glass door . he hurl himself at the glass , then return to socorro . think he 's go rabid , she scream and try to hide behind one of the weight rack . the above course of procedure continue , with Duke try desperately to indicate he intention , chase socorro around and over the press bench and exercise paraphernalia . x64c ext . andy'' house / garage - night x64c ( helen scream over : ) the hood man have Joan up against the garage wall . one of he hand be on she throat and the other be hold over she mouth . in the struggle , she manage to sink she tooth into he hand . he pull it free and hit she across the face . she reach to a flower pot on a pot shelf and pole - axe he on the top of the head . it stagger he briefly and enable she to move out of he grasp . she immediately grab a iron rake from the garden rack and turn fiercely toward he . now stand , vanquish , breathe hard , and apparently have have enough , he begin to back away from she . when he reach a safe distance , he turn and move quickly off , disappear into the dark . x64d int . andy'' house / live room - some time later x64d * Joan , she garment soile and dishevel from the pre- * vious scene , come from the vicinity of the front door , * closely follow by Duke and Harry : * harry why do not you have the damn dog with you , that 's what he 's for ! joan I tell you , he be in the house . harry what the hell good be that ! you have to have he with you at all time ! ( continued ) ) p ( man trouble - Rev. 6/4/91 70 . * x64d continued : x64d as they move into the live room , helen , wear Joan 's chenille robe , she hair wildly askew , can be see in the kitchen area , hold a bottle of liquor in one hand and search through a cupboard for a glass . joan harry I can not have he with I do not I tell you , right all the time , he 's kill from the start , it 's my mucous membrane ... very dangerous to fool around with people like Red layl ! joan no you do not , I say he be dangerous , and you say he be not ... harry yeah , but that 's before he try to part you hair with a axe ! joan I do not know if it be he . maybe it be this tree surgeon ... she start to move toward the bedroom and he stop she : harry wait a minute . how tall be he ? about six one ? kind of ugly ? helen , now with a drink in she hand , step into view behind Harry : helen he be about you height . joan no , he be not , he be much taller . helen well let 's not quibble , for god sake . the man be a complete maniac ... ( to Harry ) and excuse I for say , but this be not a job for a amateur ... joan but wait , he could not be the same man who burglarize my apartment , because that 's before I come up here ... ( continued ) ) p ( man trouble - Rev. 6/4/91 71 . x64d continued : ( 2 ) x64d harry forget about he . I know what I be talk about ... helen * Joan , if you do not call the * police , I be not stay here . * she take the drink out of helen 's hand and drain it * while Harry continue : harry guy like Red layl have hit man work for they , that drive they around and do they dirty work for they . joan gee whiz , first it be not Red , now it be Red . I can not keep up with this sudden reversal . helen alright ... I be call a cab . on helen , as she clump away in the direction of the guest bedroom : 65 omitted 65 through through 67 67 68 int . andy'' house / bedroom and bathroom - night 68 Harry sit on chaise try not to catch glimpsis of Joan , who be change she clothes in the closet . the * mood be more subdued . joan * you know what I think ? it 's more than one person . harry it 's not more than one person . I be tell you who the hell it be ! joan ( o.s. ) but I do not think Red would have someone sing into my answer machine ... ) p ( man trouble - Rev. 6/4/91 71a . 68a angle on closet 68a Joan stick she head out door . joan it do not seem like something he would do . harry dammit , Joan !! she step out of the closet and come toward the bedroom , * dress in one of Andy 's negligee . joan God , what be this ?! I can not say anything to you anymore , you be so darn touchy ! harry you can mention anything you want , * honey . I be just try to keep you from turn up face down , that 's all . after a moment : harry ( cont 'd ) * I mean , I can not leave you up here alone now ... she move toward the bed , aware of Harry stare at she . * joan it 's Andy 's -- harry it 's very become on you . she sit down on the edge of the bed , look over at he . joan -- maybe I do not quite fill it out . harry yes you do . after a brief moment : joan well ? he remain seat , look at she . she reach to the answer machine on the night stand , disconnect it , then once again look over at he . ( continued ) ) p ( man trouble - Rev. 6/4/91 72/73. 68a continued : 68a he get up and come over to the bed and reach a hand down to touch the side of she face . she look up at he : she take he hand , he sit down on the bed beside she * and they begin to make love . * 69 ext . andy'' house / driveway - next day 69 Harry stand watch Joan . she pull the mercede half - way out of the garage and stop the car to call out to he : joan what be you go to do now ? be you go to leave ? harry yeah , I be go to skip down the hill , take care of a few thing , pick up some clothes ... joan could you be back for dinner , around 7:00 ? harry yeah . sure . joan good . she wave to he and pull the rest of the way out of the garage , revealing the ax handle still embed in the front of the car , its handle sharply angle up from the hood like a soup ladle . ( continued ) man trouble - Rev. 4/23/91 74 . 69 continued : 69 ( note : Harry step toward the car . h : " let I pull that thing out of the hood for you . " J : " later , I do not have time right now . " ) she blow he a kiss . then move down the driveway toward the gate . he stand watch until she car disappear . then he move to front door of the house and find it lock . 69a ext . andy'' house / side entrance - day 69a move around to the side of the house , he unbuckle he wrist watch and put it in he pants pocket . then he step up to the service porch door , see socorro inside put clothes into a washer and rap on the glass panel . she smile in recognition and open the door for he : harry hi. socorro ella no esta aqui . harry I just want to look for my ... ( indicate he wrist ) ... watch , I think I leave it ... ( gesture toward the live room ) ... in there . socorro ah si , es okay . she step out of the way to let he in . harry thanks , soco . 70 int . andy'' den / upstair landing - day 70 Harry search through the file cabinet then move over * to the desk and as Joan have do previously , go through * the drawer . Duke sit in the doorway , watch he . * angle upstair he open and inspect the content of the same drawer * and cupboard Joan have searched . * 75 . 71 omitted 71 72 int . andy'' house / bedroom - day 72 Duke follow Harry 's every movement , as he engage in a deat , professional search of the bedroom . he go through the bureau drawer , the closet shelf , a pair of suitcase , then cross to one of the two nightstand . find nothing in the drawer , he move around to its mate on the other side of the bed . close on harry he open the drawer , glance inside and start to close it when he see : Pov of drawer a gift envelope with he name on it rest on a small wrap box . he pick it up , open the envelope and take out a plain white card with a handwritten message on it : close on card " thank you for everything you have do for I , Harry , and mostly , for be in my life . I love you , Joan . " back to scene Harry sit down on the bed , feel the utter deficiency of heart implicit in this act of treachery and deception . he stare blankly into space for a moment . then he put the card back , pick up the box and without remove it from the drawer , give it a little shake . 72a ext . adele' front lawn - late day 72a Adele stand play a garden hose over the lawn . two pop -ey little dog yap and mill about she leg . in the b.g. , Harry 's van can be see in the driveway , and presently he appear from the side of the house , carry a suitcase and a few item of clothes . as he move to the van and open the door , she attention be draw to he : adele Harry ! what the hell do you think you be do ? ( continued ) 76 . 72a continued : 72a he set the suitcase down , lay the clothes over it and cross the lawn to she : harry I just get a phone call , honey , from a prominent entertainer up in Vegas , a very well - know singer ... adele who be it , Paul anka ? harry he 's a rock star , you probably would not know the name . anyway , I gotta run a couple a dog up to he ... adele you know , it 's t-minus zero and count , Harry , on this whole shitty deal . harry now iwo , do not blow this way out of proportion . you think I want to do this . I need the extra cash right now , believe I . adele if you leave , I be get top lock to come over and change the front and back door ! harry adele look , I be only talk ( scream at about a short period of the dog ) time here . ming ! tippy ! shut up !! adele I mean it ! you get in that van , and I be take my building back and put in a fingernail salon ! harry come on now , honey , do not say thing like that ... he put a arm around she , give she a perfunctory hug : ( continued ) man trouble - Rev. 4/22/91 77 . 72a continued : ( 2 ) 72a harry let 's not make a big issue out of it ... ( kiss she on the cheek ) okay ? without wait for a response , he move back across the lawn toward the van and be stop mid stride as a strong spray from the hose hit he squarely on the back . 73 int . andy'' house / live room - night 73 they be finish dessert and coffee by candlelight . Joan 's hand encircle Harry 's wrist with a new watch . on harry and joan seat at the dining table . he be deeply morose and make a half - heart attempt to enthuse as she try to secure the clasp . ( the empty box and the card rest on the table next to the watch he use to deceive he way into the house . ) harry it 's really very nice look , honey . joan do you like it ? harry yeah . I do . very much . she finish secure the watch . harry ( cont 'd ) thank you . joan you be welcome . harry yeah it 's great and it 's something I really need , so ... he lean over and kiss she on the cheek , then pick up he fork and begin poke with disinterest at he food . Joan 's eye remain on he , try to divine he mood : joan be anything wrong ? ( continued ) 78 . 73 continued : 73 harry no. nothing 's wrong . everything 's fine . she resume eat . then , desirous of draw he atten - tion , she fix she gaze on the table top and smile pensively , make the assumption that he be look at she . when no response be forthcoming , she attempt a verbal solicitation : joan ( without look up ) you be probably wonder why I be smile . he look over at she : harry what ? joan I be just think that I find this moody side of you very attractive . harry oh , uh-huh . joan in fact , if you want to know , and I can see you be die to ... ( reach over and caress he back ) I completely adore you . harry well , same here , honey . joan why be you all wet ? he lay he fork down and try to make a awkward and difficult excursion into the truth : harry you know , there be something I feel I gotta say here , Joan , that 's be preying on my mind . something I maybe should have handle a bit differently with you from the start , about this particular situation I be in ... joan what situation ? ( continued ) man trouble - Rev. 5/1/91 79 . 73 continued : ( 2 ) 73 harry well , you recall I mention to you a while back , that I be finish ... socorro step into view , address Joan with great excitement : socorro harry senora , ven rapido . mira ... with a certain que estoy en las noticias relationship , and I , de la televicion ! more or less , be , but ... she motion Joan to follow and disappear into the kitchen . jump CUT to : 74 int . andy'' house / den / kitchen area - night 74 Joan and Harry , look toward the television set . socorro stand next to the screen , point at herself , a small figure near the front door of Andy 's house . in the f.g. a television reporter address the camera : socorro mira , alli estoy . reporter ( v.o. ) ( over the above ) ... regard a earlier press * release announce Mrs. ellerman 's * intention to publish she book , * which purportedly contain * several explosive detail concern * redmon layl ' controversial business dealing . Harry cough loudly as moncrief appear , stand outside a government office building , encircle by a picket of microphone attach to a number of float hand . reporter ( v.o. ) Mr. layl ' lawyer , laurence * moncrief , have this to say when ask if he be concerned about what might be reveal in the ellerman book : ( continued ) man trouble - Rev. 5/1/91 80 . * 74 continued : 74 moncrief I have no knowledge whatsoever of Mrs. ellerman 's so-called book , or she alleged disappearance , which appear to have all the ear mark of a publicity stunt . joan ( to Harry , outrage ) can you believe this ?! she turn contemptuously back to the screen . the reporter now stand in the f.g. of a three - story build - ing . slightly out of focus , but discernible over its entrance , be the word : Monroe Park Center . reporter ( v.o. ) Recent report of layl ' fail health be deny by he personal physician , Dr. Park . when question in a phone interview , he respond that the elusive billionaire ... as the reporter continue , Joan move closer to the tv . reporter ( v.o. ) ... be recover from quote , ' nothing more than the treatment of a ordinary virus . ' meanwhile ... she point to the sign over the building 's entrance : joan do you see that ? harry reporter ( v.o. ) what ? ... this seem to be another intrigue joan episode in the stormy Monroe Park ! that 's the career of Andy ellerman , name of the man who check one- time Washington Andy out of the hospital ! playgirl and erstwhile companion to one of the harry country 's wealthiest I be not sure that be the man ... this be heidi guy 's name . robles report to you from Monroe Park Center in San dima ... ( continued ) man trouble - Rev. 5/1/91 81 . 74 continued : ( 2 ) 74 * joan yes it be . * * she look quickly back to the screen -- a commercial come on . * joan what do she say ? San dima ? ( then to Harry ) where 's San dima ? without wait for he answer , she stride across the room : joan let 's call the t.v. station and find out . harry this be not the way you want to go about this , honey . as she move out of view into the live room , he turn * to socorro : * * harry tell she , soco . she should not mess with this people . 75 int . andy'' house - night 75 Joan come out of the bedroom with she purse and jacket and with Harry follow , cross the live room : harry will you just once take the benefit of my advice ? ( continued ) man trouble - Rev. 4/22/91 82. 75 continued : 75 joan first you tell I I go around act too timid ... harry yeah , but this be a whole different situation here ... joan and now when I suddenly feel like I could save the Pope in a earthquake , you start try to ... harry this be not the Pope we be talk about here , believe I . joan that 's just a figure of speech . they disappear out the front door . 76 ext . andy'' house / driveway &amp ; garage - night 76 Joan come out the front door , Harry move along beside she , as she move crossing briskly toward the garage : harry dammit , Joan , this people be hold all the card . they will probably throw you into that bughouse with you sister . she begin move a little less purposively than before : harry you want to go there and call them a bunch of name , throw a lot of accusation at they ? they do not care . people with that kind of money behind they , with they kind of connection , they never go to jail , you never see they behind bar . they stop in front of the garage where Joan 's car be park : harry ( cont 'd ) be I get through to you ? she nod . ( continued ) man trouble - Rev. 4/22/91 83. 76 continued : 76 harry alright . though evidently very troubled , she nevertheless go into the garage , open the driver 's door and get into the car . harry ( to himself ) Jesus Christ . 77 ext . CITY street - night 77 the mercede move along one of the surface street with the ax handle still protrude from its hood . following on the car as it enter a ramp and pause before merge into the dense traffic on the eastbound Hollywood freeway . a78 ext . freeway - series of shot - joan' car on freeway a78 78 int . joan' mercede ( freeway ) - night 78 Joan , stare grimly out the windshield as she snail along in the right -hand lane . Harry begin shifting fitfully around , grumble : harry this be just nut , what you be do . joan will you stop try to undermine I every inch of the way . harry ( gesture out the window ) look at this goddamn traffic . * joan anyway , I do not ask you to drag along with I . harry you be the one that 's drag along . ( gesture at a semi in front of they ) go around the goddamn truck . * ( continued ) man trouble - Rev. 4/22/91 84 . 78 continued : 78 joan do not tell I what to do . harry okay , just let I drive the goddamn car , that 's all I ask . joan why should I let you drive ? harry why ? I will tell you why , because you be a terrible driver , that 's why . joan oh , now all the ugly little truth be come out . harry you operate this vehicle like it be a cane with a red tip paint on the end of it . joan do not talk to I , Harry . I mean it , just do not say another word to I ! he angrily fold he arm across he chest , assume a sullen silence for a moment . the traffic have come to a grid-lock stop , raise they anxiety level : joan ( cont 'd ) I be do just fine until you start in on I ... harry ( gesture at the ax ) driving around with a goddamn ax stick in you car ... joan and now look at I . I have get purpose tremor ... he suddenly open the door , get out and move to the ax handle . Joan watch as he make several unsuccessful attempt to pull the ax out of the hood of the car . man trouble - Rev. 4/22/91 85 . 79 ext . freeway / int . joan be car - night 79 * he give up and move back to the passenger door , pass a man in a adjacent car , look curiously from the ax handle to he : harry be something the fuck bother you , pal ? he get into the mercede and slam the door . 80 omitted 80 81 ext . monroe park CENTER / parking lot - night 81 Joan move quickly through the parking lot and onto a walkway lead to the hospital entrance . Harry , trail behind , call up to she : harry can I at least offer some advice ? joan no. harry good . just barge into the place , honey , and play the big hero . ( pause for a response ) when he tell you you sister 's not there , what be you go to do , cry ? she stop walk and as he move up beside she , look defiantly at he : joan okay . what ? remote angle on harry and joan he take she by the hand and lead the way over the grounds toward the rear quarter of the hospital . 82 ext . m.p. CENTER / rear entrance - night 82 on Harry and Joan , as he try several lock door before find one that give entrance into the hospital . man trouble - Rev. 4/23/91 86 . * 83 int . m.p. CENTER / utility area - night 83 they step inside a narrow hallway lead to one of the main corridor of the hospital . as they edge past a laundry cart outside a utility room , Harry release she hand . she move ahead , then experience a sudden loss of nerve , stop and look back to see Harry rummage through the dirty laundry . 84 int . m.p. CENTER / hallway - night 84 Harry , in a white doctor 's jacket , with Joan at he side , move through a corridor . as she glance nervously about , then at he : joan this be not go to work . you look like a busboy . they approach a nurse ' station and Harry step forward to address one of two nurse behind the counter : harry Excuse I , nurse ... long shot on Harry , Joan and nurse one . presently the nurse ges - ture to a stairwell lead to the second floor . Joan and Harry move in the direction indicate . on harry and joan move into the stairwell . 84a int . m.p. CENTER / stairwell to 2 nd floor hall 84a picking up Harry and Joan move down the above hallway , look at the room number : joan I hope you know what you be do . harry do not worry . just do what I tell you . they approach room 206 . ( in the hallway outside the adjacent room , a old man in a hospital gown be seat in a wheelchair . he wear a stingy - brim hat on he head and read a pamphlet entitle " colostomy and you . " ) ( continued ) man trouble - Rev. 4/23/91 87 . 84a continued : 84a Harry reach to the door , open it , usher Joan inside and be about to follow , when : nurse one ( o.s. ) Doctor ! just a minute please ! harry Pov - nurse approach up the hallway . back to scene he take a few step towards she , assume he all - purpose scowl : harry what 's the problem , dear ? nurse one we be try to contact Doctor * Park , just to be sure he 's authorize you to examine Mrs. ellerman , because you know , we have to follow certain ... harry I understand . you be do you job . nurse one ( try to look around he ) where do you assistant ...? harry she have to step inside for a moment , to relieve herself . 88 . 85 int . m.p. CENTER / andy'' bathroom - night 85 Joan be now wear Andy 's hospital gown , while Andy be hastily buttone herself into Joan 's blouse : andy and if this little kinglet of corporate shit think he can get away with this , he 's greatly mistaken . just wait ' till he hear what I be go to come out with now . Joan thrust she skirt at Andy : joan put this on . andy remember when he pass I off as staff and I be put on official government payroll all through maui and the Yucatan Mission ? joan no , I do not . and hurry up , will you . and as Andy step into the skirt , Joan take over the uncompleted buttone chore : andy yes you do , remember , when I almost die of the vomito negro ? well that 's when he be do all that illegal oil drilling off the mexican Gulf ... she turn to look critically at she face in the mirror : andy have you get any lipstick ? 86 int . m.p. CENTER / hallway - night 86 on Harry and the nurse , as before : nurse one I assume you be a fairly recent associate of the doctor 's ? harry that 's very correct . ( continued ) 89 . 86 continued : 86 nurse one uhm hmmm ... what do you specialize in ? harry I would say female trouble , mainly . nurse one oh , so Dr. Park feel there 's a gynecological involvement here . harry sometimes he do , yes . ( a beat ) by the way , do anyone ever tell you what attractive eyebrow you have ? nurse one ( throw ) oh , well , no , they have not ... her attention be divert to a second nurse enter the wing , call out to she and make a summoning gesture : nurse one Excuse I a minute , Doctor . Harry watch as she move away , and while the two nurse engage in a exchange some distance down the hall , he step back to the door , open it and stick he head inside : he Pov of Joan and Andy , the former whisper urgently in ref - erence to the latter 's red hair : joan what about she hair ? andy who 's he ? on old man now snoozing in the wheelchair . Harry 's hand move into frame and deftly remove he hat . ( continued ) man trouble - Rev. 4/22/91 90 . 86 continued : ( 2 ) 86 he Pov of the second nurse on she way back to the main corridor , while nurse one be return to Harry . as she come up to he : back to scene nurse one that be my superior . she tell I Dr. Park be in surgery and she suggest that you wait in the administrative Lounge until we can get a hold of he . would that be alright ? harry certainly . he move to the door , open it , block the nurse 's view into it with he body . he Pov of joan look frighten at she imminent abandonment . harry ( o.s. ) do not worry Mrs. ellerman , we will be right back . Andy , wear dark glass and with she hair hide up under the stingy - brim hat , step out into the hallway . back to scene Harry take she by the arm and look amiably toward the nurse . harry which way ? nurse one * ( gesture a direction ) that way , Doctor , and thank you very much for you patience . harry do not mention it . the nurse watch briefly as they move away , then extract a key from she pocket , she step over to the door and lock it . 91 . 87 ext . m.p. CENTER / parking lot - night 87 Harry , outside the mercede , glance around furtively , while inside the car , Andy continue to perseverate about Red layl as she struggle out of Joan 's clothes : andy and this man , who would not know the truth if it come up and spit he in the eye , be accuse I of lie ... she hand he the skirt out through the window : andy you know what that prick have he lawyer say to I ? Harry lay the skirt on the hood of the car and begin get out of the doctor 's jacket . andy that I be a pretty , grudge - bear little malcontent , grasp at some splinter of celebrity for myself at he expense . can you believe that ? she hand he out the blouse and he turn politely away from she semi-nudity as he hand she the doctor 's jacket . harry here , put this on . andy I mean , the arrogance ... ( get into the jacket ) what do she say you name be ? harry Harry . andy ( flirtatiously ) have you get a cigarette , Harry ? he take a pack of cigarettes and a lighter from he shirt pocket and hand they to she : harry stay in the car . do not talk to anybody , and I will be right back . he immediately move off , roll Joan 's clothes into a bundle and head back to the hospital grounds . man trouble - Rev. 4/22/91 92 . 88 ext . m.p. CENTER / ground - night 88 Harry , hurry across the grounds to the rear of the hospital . ( in the distant b.g. beyond he , the Continental can be see pull up and parking on a street border the hospital . moncrief , carry a briefcase , and he chauffeur ( sturge ) , get out and move onto a walkway lead to the hospital entrance ) 89 ext . m.p. CENTER - rear - night 89 Harry round the corner of the hospital building and stop : two male hospital employee be smoking and converse outside the door he have previously enter with Joan . harry fuck ! he turn and move out of sight . 90 int . m.p. CENTER / andy'' room - night 90 Joan , in a state of extreme nervousness , pace about the room . her perambulation bring she near the door to the hallway . she reach to the doorknob , test it and find she be lock in . joan Christ . a soft whistle come from the vicinity of the window behind she , follow by Harry 's voice , whisper : harry ( o.s. ) Joan ? be you there ? she cross quickly to the window , look out through the thick wire mesh at Harry : her Pov he stand several foot below , look up at the window . harry be that you ? back to scene joan yes , it 's I . hurry up , will you ! ( continued ) 93. 90 continued : 90 harry I be have a little trouble get back in . joan oh great , Harry . what have you get I into ? joan do not worry , honey ... joan you have to get I out of here ! harry everything 's under control , just hang on a few more minute and I will be right back , okay ? as he move out of sight , she attention be draw to the sound of muffled voice in the hallway . in a panic , she start toward the bathroom , change she mind , move to the bed and get into it . as the door begin to open , she grab one of the pillow and quickly cover she head with it . on moncrief and sturge be let into the room by a male nurse . he close the door after they and the two man look toward the bed : moncrief Andy ? it 's Larry moncrief . he Pov of the unresponsive figure under the cover . back to scene moncrief would you care to sit up for a minute ? I would like to talk to you . 91 ext . monroe park CENTER / parking lot - night 91 on Andy in the driver 's seat of the mercede . the window be roll up and she puff impatiently on a cigarette . presently , she catch sight of something out the driver 's window and turn to look : ( continued ) man trouble - Rev. 4/22/91 94 . 91 continued : 91 a sleek black car with opaque would window pull into a parking slot several yard away . a fade male beauty , somewhere in he 5as , get out of the rear passenger door and as he move to the walkway lead to the hospital grounds : she quickly roll down the window and angrily address he : andy you son of a bitch ! red layl look toward the mercede and as he approach , we can see a medical beeper attach to he belt . he Pov of andy her hair still hide under the stingy - brim , she eye unrecognizable behind the dark glass . back to scene he come up to the car , peer closely at its occupant : red who be it ? andy who the hell do you think it be ?! red sweetheart ? be that you ? she pull the dark glass off ... andy no thanks to you , it 's I . ... and throw they onto the dashboard . 92 ext . m.p. CENTER / ground - night 92 Harry hasten back along the walkway to the parking lot . once again he halt abruptly in he track : harry aw , Jesus . ( continued ) man trouble - Rev. 4/22/91 95 . 92 continued : 92 he Pov - red layl open the driver 's door and reach in to take hold of Andy 's arm . ( as she step out of the car , we see that below the doctor 's jacket Harry have intend to retrieve , she be bare - legge and wear Joan 's high heel . ) back to scene Harry turn and stride back toward the hospital . 93 int . m.p. park CENTER / andy'' hospital room - night 93 moncrief place a briefcase on a nightstand next to the bed . as he open it and search through its content : moncrief before he arrive , I would like you to take a look at a list of certain deletion and expurgation , which if agree to ... he remove several type page , staple together and look down at the pillow cover Joan 's face : moncrief ... Red be , very generously , I think , prepare to offer he sanction to a sanitize version of you book . no response . moncrief glance over at sturge , stand near the door , then back at the figure on the bed . moncrief I think you should know , that if you push this too far , you run the risk of have he withdraw he consent to you well - be . ( pause , then ) I do not think we want that , do we , Andy ? he reach down and remove the pillow . Joan look fear - fully up at he : joan Andy 's not here . moncrief I can see that , miss spruance . would you care to tell I where she be ? ( continued ) man trouble - Rev. 4/22/91 96 . 93 continued : 93 she sit up , glance uneasily at sturge , then attempt to assert herself boldly to moncrief : joan as a matter of fact , she happen to be on she way to the police right now , accompany by a close friend of mine ... her bluff be immediately bely by : harry ( o.s. ) honey ? it 's I again . moncrief and Joan look toward the window : harry ( o.s. ) I have to tell you something . Joan jump from the bed and move to address Harry : joan do not say a word , Harry ! I be not alone ! moncrief look at the chauffeur , gesture toward the door . moncrief sturge . sturge exit to the hallway , leave the door open . Pov of harry stand below the window , whisper : harry ( o.s. ) who 's there ? back to scene moncrief step in beside Joan : moncrief I think you better come in here , Mr. bliss . 94 ext . m.p. park CENTER / through andy'' hospital window 94 on ground - on harry muttering under he breath : ( continued ) man trouble - Rev. 4/22/91 97 . 94 continued : 94 harry shit . in the distant b.g. , the previously see old man be be wheeled along the main walkway by a hospital orderly . joan just go get Andy and leave , will you ! harry that 's what I be try to tell you ... moncrief I be a little disappointed to find you default on we agreement . 95 int . m.p. CENTER / andy'' hospital room - night 95 Joan look from moncrief to Harry : joan what agreement ? Pov - harry harry ( to moncrief ) bullshit ! I never agree to anything ! ( to Joan ) this asshole approach I and try to bribe I into work for they , and I tell he to go to hell ! on moncrief moncrief I believe a agreement be implicit in you acceptance of my check . 96 ext . m.p. CENTER / through andy'' hospital window 96 - on harry harry oh , you want to see you check ? he begin search frantically through he pocket : ( continued ) man trouble - Rev. 4/22/91 98. 96 continued : 96 joan ( v.o. ) oh Harry , how could you ... harry honey , do not go by anything this guy say , because I be the only one who know what the hell I be do . ( pull the envelope from he back pocket ) it just slip my mind , I be go to tell you . ( hold it up ) see ? I never cashed the fuck thing ! he tear the envelope in half and as he throw it on the ground , a hand the size of a large dictionary reach into frame and grab he roughly by the back of he shirt collar . 97 int . m.p. park CENTER / andy'' hospital room - joan be 97 Pov - harry and sturge - night lurching about in a grappler 's waltz below the window . in the b.g. the old man can be see lean down to the walkway , pick up the stingy - brim hat and return it to he head . she turn from the window to see a subdued Andy enter , she eye show sign of recent weep . behind she in the hall , moncrief can be see greeting Red layl . Joan move over to she ... joan be you alright ? ... and in response to Andy 's stoical nod : joan no you be not . ( embrace she ) what do that bastard do to you ? andy I need a kleenex . she move toward the nightstand with Joan follow : ( continued ) man trouble - Rev. 4/22/91 99 . 97 continued : 97 joan you know what they be try to do , do not you ? to force you into signing some kind of agreement that ... andy wait , I want to tell you what he say to I ... she extract a tissue from a dispenser on the nightstand : andy ( cont 'd ) he say I be the only woman he 's ever really care for ... joan what ?! andy and when he say it ... ( blow she nose ) ... he have a tear in he eye ... Joan 's jaw go slack in disbelief . on red glancing sourly at the two woman , as he and moncrief enter . moncrief well this move to the top of the list , Red , as one of you more stun achievement . red ( irritably ) get I something cold to drink , will you ? moncrief certainly . on sister speak in hushed , and in Joan 's case , urgent tone , while , in the b.g. , moncrief exit to the hallway . joan Andy , you do not know what you be say . you be suffer from hostage syndrome or something . ( continued ) 100 . 97 continued : ( 2 ) 97 andy well , after all I do love he . joan you ' love ' he ?! andy yes , he 's be a very important man in my life , you know that . joan ( raise she voice ) oh , now he 's not a fecal - face , great white shark ! Andy look over at red , now seat in one of the two chair in the room . moncrief can be see re-enter and join he . andy I do not know where she get that . ( back to Joan ) will you please keep you voice down . he 's very sensitive to what people say . joan ' sensitive ' ? have you lose all you bead ?! this man have you kidnap and keep in a drugge stupor for the last three week , and now he 's ... on harry stepping into the doorway , hold struge in a painful armlock : harry alright , what the hell 's go on in here ? red who 's this ? moncrief that 's the dog trainer . red I think he be work for we . ( continued ) man trouble - Rev. 4/22/91 101. 97 continued : ( 3 ) 97 moncrief well there seem to be a little grey area there , red. red ( to Harry ) come over here , I want to talk to you . Harry release sturge and move over to layl , offer he hand and try to maintain he gruff manner : harry Mr. layl ... Joan look with dismay at Harry 's apostasy as he shake " the great man 's " hand , then quickly return she atten - tion to Andy : joan will you listen to I ! this man be not only a bastard , he 's a scummy , soul - less little thug and a criminal ! andy be you imply that I have defective judgement in man , joanie ? Red and Harry , as before . in the b.g. , a hospital employee wheel a cart hold several glass of iced tea . moncrief move over to the cart and the employee exit . harry I just want a say , that though you be someone in a category I admire , you have go to some length on this thing here , that I do not entirely agree with ... red sit down . I have a neck condition and it aggravate I to have to look up at you . harry okay . no problem . as he seat himself in the other chair , Red reach up and take a glass of tea offer by moncrief : harry ( cont 'd ) but I want to go on and finish my think on this , because ... ( continued ) man trouble - Rev. 4/22/91 102. 97 continued : ( 4 ) 97 red you know , I be not in the best of health right now , and I have be advise to avoid excitement ... Harry take a second glass from moncrief : red ( cont 'd ) so if you intend to do that ... ( after a sip of tea ) I might just have to have my shock troops blow you brain out . harry oh , uh huh . red ( hold the glass up to moncrief ) more sugar . on joan and andy joan and furthermore , this ' sensitive ' man 's lawyer more than imply they be willing to put you foot , as well as probably mine , into a block of cement ! andy oh that 's just all talk ... ( call over to moncrief ) would somebody please get I my clothes ! on harry and red ( in the b.g. , sturge exit on another flunky errand . ) red just put yourself , Harry , for a moment , in the shoe of a man whose sole intention be to leave the world a better place than he find it , only to discover that intention have be painfully slander by someone he would give both he heart and he economic support to , not to mention he trust ... ( continued ) man trouble - Rev. 4/23/91 103. 97 continued : ( 5 ) 97 harry ( nodd he head ) uhm -hmm . on joan look over at Harry , protest loudly : joan Harry , I can not believe you be sit there nodd you head and have a tea party with this crook ! harry I be not nodd my head , honey , I be just listen to the man . on andy as Harry , in the b.g. , resume he exchange with Red : andy who be this guy , anyway ? be not he a little sleazy , joanie , a bit infra dig ? I mean lewie 's a bit of a stiff , but ... joan you be go to talk to I about sleaze , when you consort with some maniac tree surgeon , who be flick he tongue out at I like some rutting iguana , and grop at he naturalia at three in the morning ?! andy oh , 'him . ' she look to the chauffeur , re-enter with she clothes . joan oh ' he ' ?! he come at I with a ax ! andy well , he 's very immature . before Joan can respond , she cross to take she belonging from sturge , and as she move toward the bathroom : ( continued ) man trouble - Rev. 4/22/91 104. 97 continued : ( 6 ) 97 joan' Pov of the beleaguere maiden she hope to rescue , pause on she way , to lean down and kiss the cheek of the dragon she mean to slay . on joan as moncrief step up to she , offer a glass of tea : moncrief miss spruance , would you care for a ... joan no , thank you . she move past he , stride over to Harry and Red : joan ( cont 'd ) Excuse I ! on red raising a baleful eye to Joan : joan ( cont 'd ) I do not know what kind of spell you have cast on my sister , but it do not extend to I ... on joan stand above layl : joan ( cont 'd ) in fact , I have be to the police and I intend to press charge against you ... harry honey , he 's not suppose to get excited . joan ( overlap he ) ... not only for have my apartment burglarize but for break into Andy 's house , as well as hire someone to frighten , harass and intimidate I ! ( continued ) man trouble - Rev. 4/22/91 105 . 97 continued : ( 7 ) 97 harry you know , maybe you better not ... joan no , dammit ! harry joan he 's get a bad neck ... I be not afraid of this snake !! she look defiantly from Harry to moncrief , then back to Red , who regards she coldly for a moment , then : red I never much care for you , young lady . and I find you display of anger both unattractive and unfeminine . harry ( to Red ) now wait a minute ... joan ( overlap ) I be not here to beg you good opinion ... under the follow , Red 's beeper begin signaling : harry joan ( cont 'd ) ... Red layl or not , you ... or to find out do not insult this party in the right amount of my presence . attractiveness and likability I be suppose to render up ! without remove he eye from joan' , he raise the beeper to he mouth and press the speaker button : red what be it ? operator ( v.o. ) Doctor Park be try to reach you . red tell he to hold on . ( then , to Joan ) first , you assume far more interest in you on my part than exist . I have nothing whatsoever to do with you suppose misfortune ... ( continued ) man trouble - Rev. 4/23/91 106. 97 continued : ( 8 ) 97 joan ( very emphatic ) I do not believe you ! red and as regards Andy 's house , I would have no need to break into Andy 's house , because I own Andy 's house . joan I do not care whose house you own , you be nothing but a slimy , mean - * minded little hood ! on andy partially dress , step into the doorway and comb she hair as she address Joan : andy will you please stop interfere in my personal life , joanie . Red lift the beeper to he mouth again : red andy ( cont 'd ) go ahead . I just want to go out to the yacht and get a park ( v.o. ) little color back , for Red ? I have get good news . god sake ... we have find one for you . joan Andy , you know something ? as she move over to Andy , Red get up , pace around with the beeper and he and Parks ' voice be muffled in b.g. joan ( cont 'd ) the kind of woman you be be a danger to the kind of woman I be , so the next time you and you boyfriend have a domestic spat , do not call I ! andy well if you be go to take this kind of grumpy attitude , I certainly will not . and as she go back into the bathroom , Joan turn to Harry : ( continued ) 107 . 97 continued : ( 9 ) 97 joan Harry , where be my clothes ? harry uh ... he stand up and Red step into frame beside he , a distress look on he face as he listen to Park ( v.o. ) : harry park ( v.o. ) I think they must be I be over at poly - outside . Medical . how soon can you get over here ? joan will you go get they red ( v.o. ) please , I would like to leave . wait a minute , do not rush I on this , Monroe . Harry move around Red and step up to Joan : harry park ( v.o. ) can I just talk to you for I be not rush you , one minute first ? but we do not have the luxury of wait too joan long either . there 's nothing for you to say , Harry , it 's very clear red ( v.o. ) what you priority be . well , I want a hell of a lot more information harry before you start honey , all I have be try carve I up . to do , from day one , be look out for you ... park ( v.o. ) ( pause ) I can tell you this do not you believe that ? much , Red , I have take a look at it and I be very excited . joan no , I do not . red will you people be quiet , I can not hear this . ( to the beeper ) go ahead . Joan and Harry be force to listen to the follow exchange : park ( v.o. ) it 's as sound a muscular bag as I have ever see and the pericordium be a gorgeous color . ( continued ) man trouble - Rev. 4/22/91 108. 97 continued : ( 10 ) 97 red well whose heart be it ? give I a profile . park ( v.o. ) I do not have any specific data , but the host be around 35 and she be obviously very healthy . red godammit , Monroe ! he begin pace anxiously again , the camera following he : red ( cont 'd ) I tell you I do not want a woman 's heart ! park ( v.o. ) do not worry , it 's not go to change you in any way . red how do you know ?! you do not know that ! park ( v.o. ) look , let 's just get it do . as Red pace toward the open bathroom door , Harry and Joan resume they discord : harry park ( v.o. ) in other word , you do not and later if you find trust I . you be unsatisfy with it , we can always get you another one . joan would you please get I my clothes . moncrief step in beside Joan : moncrief I want to tell you a moment ago , that I be privileged to see you at the bowl on the fourth of July ... harry so what . I be talk to this lady ... man trouble - Rev. 4/23/91 109 . 98 int . m.p. CENTER /m.d. CENTER - andy'' bathroom - 98 night Andy pause in she application of mascara , shifting she gaze to Red 's reflection in the mirror as he enter behind she : red you can not tell I what kind of a woman she be ?! and if she be so godamme healthy , why be she dead ?! 99 int . m.p. CENTER /m.d. CENTER - andy'' hospital 99 room - night on moncrief , Joan and Harry . moncrief and I be especially move by you rendition of ' the Battle hymn of the ...' Harry suddenly grab moncrief roughly by the arm : harry never mind that shit . tell she ... he shake he , cause he to spill he iced tea onto the front of he jacket : harry ( cont 'd ) do I spend you money ! do I give you any service for it . tell this woman the truth , you son of a bitch ! Harry release he and under the follow , moncrief take out a handkerchief and dab at he jacket : moncrief well , shall we start with the fact that you be a marry man ... ( look at Harry ) ... and then go on from there ? on joan' reaction devastate , as she look at Harry . red ( v.o. ) ( over the above ) Jesus Christ ! what be you try to do to I !! ( continued ) man trouble - Rev. 4/22/91 110. 99 continued : 99 she turn away from he and go toward the bathroom . harry wait a minute , honey ... as she disappear inside , Red re-enter , and cover the speaker vent on the beeper , stride over to moncrief : red you know whose heart this body - snatcher be try to give I ?! a victim of somebody call the westside slasher ! and this be the doctor you recommend to I ! ( into the beeper ) you be kill I , Monroe ! you know that ?! you be push I to the goddamn wall ! Joan come out of the bathroom with the doctor 's jacket and move immediately to the hallway door and exit . 99a ext . m.p. CENTER / hallway - night 99a Joan move quickly down the hall , put the doctor 's jacket on over she hospital smock , with Harry follow , try desperately to explain : harry honey , there 's a simple explanation to all of this , if you want I to go into it ... I be try to tell you at dinner ... she disappear into a intersect hallway . harry ( cont 'd ) will you just stop for one minute and let I talk to you ... it 's very complicated ... he disappear into the same hallway . 99b int . m.p. CENTER - andy'' room - night 99b Red , slump in a chair and look in desperation to Andy , who enter , now fully dress and look as glamorous as a movie star : red what in the hell should I do ?! ( continued ) man trouble - Rev. 4/22/91 111. 99b continued : 99b andy ( cont 'd ) ( come over to he ) well Red , better a woman than dead , do not you think ? she reach down and proprietarily brushes the scarf from he shoulder . andy so let 's just go there , sweetheart , and have he sew the darn thing in . 100 ext . andy'' house / driveway - inside joan be car - night 100 Joan sit in deject silence , refuse to look at Harry : harry look , you know , you live a life , honey , you make some mistake . you get marry for maybe mutual benefit , or business consideration weigh on you at the time , and because you do not think the right person be ever go to come along . joan I would never have knowingly become involved with a marry man . harry I know that , that 's why I be try to come out and tell you ... joan please , I do not want to discuss it anymore . ( after a brief silence ) I bet you never read Dante , either . harry now there you be 75 percent wrong . joan I mean , I can not believe it , that you would lie to I about this ... harry okay , I lie . do not you ever tell a lie ? if not let I kiss you high heel . joan I be go in the house . ( continued ) man trouble - Rev. 4/22/91 112. 100 continued : 100 harry wait . can I call you tomorrow , just to see how you be feel ? or how thing be go ? joan I have a dress rehearsal tomorrow and a concert on Friday . that 's all I care about right now . she reach to the door handle , then very emotionally : joan ( cont 'd ) and I do not want to see you anymore . harry do not say that , please . I be ask you to just give I the chance to clear up all this thing in my life , because ... joan no . I do not extricate myself from the infidelity of one man , just to fall into the arm of the prince of prevaricator ... harry well , I may be all kind of a son of a bitch , and the prince of whatever , but that do not mean I would not , when it come down to it , stand up and take the bullet for you . she finally look over at he , she eye brim with tear : joan that 's not what I observe , Harry . she open the door and get out . harry Pov as Joan cross the driveway to the house , move up the step to the front door and disappear inside . ( continued ) 113 . 100 continued : ( 2 ) 100 back to scene he remain seat for a moment , glance briefly down at the watch on he wrist . then he eye raise expectantly as : Pov - duke come out the door and lope across the driveway toward the mercede . 101 ext . andy'' house / driveway - night 101 Harry lay a hand on Duke 's head , half - heartedly acknow - ledging the dog 's devote greeting , then he move with he toward the van . on he way , he glance somberly over he shoulder at the house . in so do he gaze fall on the ax embed in the hood of the mercede . he stop and walk back to the car . once again , he take hold of the ax handle and make several attempt to dislodge it . in a final arthurian effort , the blade yield and he pull the ax free . he suddenly step back away from the car , as a steamy spray of hot radiator water spurt up from the gash in the top of the hood . then he glance guiltily toward the house , and move to he van with Duke follow . 101a ext . house of bliss / inside harry van - day 101a Harry , he suitcase and clothes in the front seat and Duke in bed of the van , park in front of the House of bliss : he Pov - for lease sign in the plate glass window . 101b ext . house of bliss / rear apartment - day 101b Harry knock on the door of the apartment , wait for a response and get none , step over to one of the window and look inside : lee ( o.s. ) Harry , I want my dog . he turn around to see he ex-partner , Lee macgreevy stand on the pathway . ( continued ) man trouble - Rev. 4/22/91 114. 101b continued : 101b harry hey , Lee , how be you . ( move toward he ) I just this minute get back from Vegas . I be deal a couple of dog to Paul anka . ( shake he hand ) I be about to give you a call . lee do not embarrass we both , man . just give I the dog back , and let 's preserve the friendship . on harry and lee as they move over to Lee 's van : harry Lee , I be in the neighborhood of get my hand on the money . I be about to close a business deal with vark Zulethian of Zulethian carpet , you have probably hear of he ... lee come on , I know this dodge backwards and forward . I need the dog . he 's up for a tv series . they stop beside the van . Harry glance at the printing on the side panel : Lee macgreevy - trainer of " Duke , " - the World 's smartest dog. lee ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) ( over the above ) I do not even want the ten thousand now , compare to what he might appreciate to . on harry as Lee open he van and take out a leash . harry look , we agreement be I could buy the dog back . he 's the only thing I get to prove to people what I can do , and all I be ask you , Lee , be ... ( continued ) man trouble - Rev. 4/22/91 115. 101b continued : ( 2 ) 101b lee do not make I have to get legal with you , Harry . you sell I the animal , then as a personal favor , I let you borrow he , to demo to some v.i.p.. that probably do not even exist . you have not be straight with I , man . ( hand he the leash ) just go get the dog . on duke and harry as they come across the parking lot to Lee 's van . Harry hand he the leash and Lee address Duke : lee ( cont 'd ) get in . he ignore the command and look at Harry : harry Duke , geh im wagen . Duke jump into the back of the van . Inside be a large wire travel kennel with another german shepherd inside . Lee remove the leash from Duke and gesture at the other dog : lee why do not you take this dog , Harry . he 's green , but maybe you could do something with he . he open the cage and clip the leash to the dog 's collar . harry no , I do not want the dog . the shepherd jump out to the ground , wag he tail : lee ( give he the leash ) go ahead , man . take he . if you do not want he , pick up some change . ( close the van ) sell he for a pet . as Lee start to walk past he , Harry detain he , indi - cate the word on the side panel of the van : ( continued ) man trouble - Rev. 4/22/91 116. 101b continued : ( 3 ) 101b harry do I one favor , will you ? say ' owner ' if you want to , but do not say ' trainer . ' I train that dog . lee ( clap he on the shoulder ) let I think about that , okay ? he move past he and out of frame . Harry , watch Lee 's van pull away . in the rear window Duke 's face can be see , look back at he . 101c int . meryl' coffee shop - day 101c Harry , in a profound state of bereavement , as vita fill a coffee cup in front of he : vita what do you want , Harry ? without respond , he look across to the House of bliss . vita ( cont 'd ) you want the meatloaf special ? he look up at she , unable to answer . vita ( cont 'd ) Chicken pot pie ?... tuna melt ? no response . vita ( cont 'd ) do you want anything ? he finally answer , but from some place deeply feel and unrelated to the day 's special : harry yeah . 102 omitted 102 103 int . music CENTER / backstage area - on joan - night 103 equally bereaved , in front of a full - length mirror , while a seamstress make some adjustment on she gown . ( continued ) man trouble - Rev. 4/23/91 117 . * 103 continued : 103 in the b.g. , member of the chorale can be see milling about and converse at the close of the dress rehearsal . helen , now free of she crutch and hold a gown over she arm , move into view , address she : helen a few of we be go to grab a bite . you want to join we ? joan no , go ahead . I be not hungry . helen well , who 's go to drive you home ? joan I will call a cab . eddy step into frame : eddy I can take she home . helen good , because I do not want you to be alone . alright ? ( blow she a kiss ) see you tomorrow . she move away and Joan return she attention to the mirror , then : joan thank you , eddy . 103a ext . music CENTER / plaza - night 103a Harry stand in the vicinity of the fountain . his attention on the facade of the Chandler pavilion , where : a contingent of the chorale can be see exite out through the glass door in various grouping . close on harry search for Joan . follow the last grouping , Joan , carry a garment bag , and eddy revere , exit and move in the direction of the other chorale member , crossing the Plaza to the stairway lead down to the surface parking lot . man trouble - Rev. 4/23/91 118. 103a continued : 103a on harry as he restrain the impulse to follow , then do so . * 104 omitted 104 &amp ; &amp ; 104a 104a x104 ext . street / int . eddy be jeep - night x104 * on eddy 's Jeep as it move through one of the seedier * section of the city . Joan stare sadly out the window . * then : * joan I hate live here now . ( a pause ) * I would like to move to a small town , where it 's friendly , and everybody know each other , and there be no bar on the window ... eddy and the milkman 's a child molester . joan thanks , eddy . he laugh , then : eddy well , it 's true . it do not matter where you live . shit happen . joan be you in a bad mood or something ? eddy no. I be not in a bad mood . not as bad as yours . after a moment , he begin softly sing the word to a popular song . 105 omitted 105 through through 111 111 112 ext . street / in harry van - on harry - night 112 the van move through the same city street as above . * ( continued ) man trouble - Rev. 4/23/91 119 . * 112 continued : 112 he Pov through windshield a sport car be in between the van and eddy 's Jeep . from the higher vantage point of the van , he have a clear view through the rear window of eddy 's Jeep and just before it make a right -hand turn onto a northbound street , Joan can be see lean over to eddy , place she face close to he . on harry reaction stun and disturb by the implication of what he 's see . 113 ext . CITY street / int . eddy' jeep night 113 Joan , sing the same song as above , she head inclined toward eddy 's , harmonize she voice with he as the Jeep turn onto a street lead up into the Hollywood Hills . 114 ext . CITY street / int . harry van 114 further up the wind road a car pass he , obscure he view of eddy 's Jeep . 114a omitted 114a 115 ext . hollywood hill / int . eddy' car 115 eddy and Joan be now midway above the city . they drive in silence for a while , then he begin what seem to be a casual reminiscence . eddy remember when we be on tour in Japan , in ' 86 ? she look over at he . eddy ( cont 'd ) the night after we do a concert in osaka ? joan could you be more specific ? ( continued ) man trouble - Rev. 4/23/91 120. 115 continued : 115 eddy we have a few drink in you room . * and a certain intimacy take place . she appear uncertain that she share the same memory . * eddy ( cont 'd ) and when I ask to see you the next * night , you know what you say ? you * be too tired and sleepy . joan that be witty of I . eddy but you be not . because a hour later , you go into lewie 's room and you do not come out . joan well , if you remember , I be in love with Lewis around that time , which I confide to you , so you do know ... eddy that 's not the reason . joan Excuse I , eddy , you just pass the turn off to my street . no response . joan ( cont 'd ) eddy . eddy I just want to drive a little , so * we can talk . she sigh impatiently , then : * * joan anyway , if I remember correctly , * we only kiss . but if that lead you to believe something that hurt you in any way , I apologize . he reach up to adjust the rearview mirror , inadver - * tently draw she atttention to he hand . * man trouble - Rev. 4/23/91 121 . * 115 continued : ( 2 ) 115 Pov - fleshy cradle between the thumb and the forefinger be imprint with a crescent - shape series of indentation . joan ( o.s. ) what happen to you hand ? on joan and eddy joan ( cont 'd ) it look like somebody bit you . eddy somebody do . he return he hand to the steering wheel . she look at he , with a slight smile , wait for he to elaborate , then : joan well , be I suppose to guess , or be you go to ... she break off , suddenly aware that the tooth mark be she own : joan oh , eddy . 116 ext . dirt road - night 116 the Jeep pull off mulholland and onto a dirt road , lift a haze of dust into the car 's headlight , appear - ing and disappear in the switchback , Harry 's van can be see , follow . 117 ext . dirt road - eddy' jeep - another angle on 117 jeep - night the Jeep continue on the wind road , near a promontory high above the city . 118 omitted 118 through through 120 120 x120 ext . dirt road / harry van - night x120 the Van try to negotiate without the benefit of four - wheel drive , up a steep and rutty incline . man trouble - Rev. 4/23/91 122 . * x121 ext . dirt road / harry van - another angle - night x121 the van bounce and skid . the green shepherd in the bed of the van pants nervously , look at Harry struggle with the steering wheel . 121 omitted 121 122 ext . dirt road / in eddy be jeep - night 122 the Jeep pitch about on its shock as it move up a incline grade slightly higher than the one already give Harry trouble . eddy shift into four-wheel . Joan , jostle about by the uneven surface beneath they , look over at he : joan why do you do this thing ? eddy because you deserve it . joan I do not deserve it . I have always think of you and treat you as one of my close and dearest friend ... eddy I use to think very highly of you , too , but now I do not like what I see . in fact , it 's be very disturbing to I , Joan . ( pause , then ) very disillusion . to see that before you have even get rid of lewie , you have start up with some other man . joan eddy , I want you to take I home now . x122 ext . dirt road / harry van x122 the wheel of the van loose traction . Harry get out and look up toward the taillight of eddy 's Jeep , disap - pear in the hazy distance . he look for a rock and find one large enough , wedge it under one of the rear tire . then he quickly get back into the van . on wheel of van spin to no effect and send up a jet of dust . man trouble - Rev. 4/23/91 123 . * y122 ext . dirt road - night y122 the Jeep pull onto a large dirt promontory situate above the city and make a sharp angle , bring it to the edge of the brush and chaparral sloping down into the darkness . Z122 int . eddy' jeep Z122 eddy and Joan . under the follow , he hand reach down to something lie out of sight to the leave of the driver 's seat : eddy you know , there 's so many thing about I you have no idea of . you never ask I about my life or what I be think , because you have no interest ... joan yes I do . you can tell I whatever you want to , but let 's go back down to ... she break off as she catch sight of a knife hold in he leave hand . eddy Creative thing , and dream , and feeling I have , that lewie or anyone else in you life , be not capable of ... she suddenly reach frantically to the door handle and try to get out . he grab hold of she arm and pull she back into the seat : eddy ( cont 'd ) see ? you be not genuinely interested . you be not at all sincere , Joan . joan eddy ... eddy you present yourself like you be , but you be not ... ( move he face closer to hers ) do not you think I know that , better than anybody ? he take she arm and place it around he neck . ( continued ) man trouble - Rev. 4/23/91 124. Z122 continued : Z122 joan what be you do ? eddy I want you to listen to I , and I * want you to kiss I . and this time , like you mean it ... he bring he mouth close to hers . 123 ext . dirt road / eddy' jeep - night 123 the driver 's door suddenly open and Harry , in the heat and fury of he jealousy , instantly begin berate she : harry okay , what be this ! what the hell be you do with this guy ! he reach in and pull eddy away from Joan . joan Harry , look out ! the warning be simultaneous with a attempt by eddy to stab he with the knife . harry Jesus Christ ... he grab eddy 's arm and in haul he out of the car , rip loose the sleeve of eddy 's shirt . 123a ext . dirt road / eddy' jeep - another angle - night 123a eddy and Harry , the latter find himself engage in a violent scuffle with a man larger than himself and possess of the prodigious strength of the psychotic . Joan hurry around the car . Harry , he cheek cut , be try to force the knife out of eddy 's hand . she look toward Harry 's van , park several yard behind eddy 's car and immediately run over to it . on van she pull open the door and address the dog inside , point toward Harry and eddy : joan Duke , fasse ! ( continued ) man trouble - Rev. 4/23/91 124a . 123a continued : 123a the shepherd jump out of the car , run past she to the nearest bush and lift he leg on it . joan ( cont 'd ) oh shit ... she run back to the two man and hurl herself at they , cause all three of they to land in the brush on a incline at the side of road . ( continued ) 125 . 123a continued : 123a a frantic free-for-all take place on the precarious foot of the hillside , with Joan alternately pull at one and push at the other . the intensity and violence of they struggle be such that she be knock further down the incline . Harry , quickly glance down the hill to see if she be alright and be leave open to severe blow by eddy , who break free and run to he car . Harry pursue he , catch he as he try to get into the car . he push he against the door and they begin batter each other with a series of punch . the shepherd , want to join in the excitement , leap about they , barking joyously . then find eddy 's sleeve , he take it in he mouth and begin shaking it vigorously . Joan , she hair fretted with twig , climb up over the edge of the hill . in the b.g. behind she , a helicopter approach . she look toward Harry and eddy trading blow , then climb up the rest of the way , and as she get to she foot , she pick up a stone and throw it at they , yell : joan you bastard !! the search beam of the copter spotlight Joan . she be bent over , pick up stick and stone and as if rout a deadly enemy , she begin hurl they , as well as a series of invective , at the light of the city below , she word barely audible over the sound of the rotors . the beam sweep from she , to pick up Harry and eddy and a amplified , god-like voice come from above : voice ( from above ) what be you people do down there ? Joan turn back to Harry . he hold the now unconscious eddy by he shirt front and resume he accusation , start to move toward Joan : harry be you crazy ?! what be you do , run around with a guy like this !! she raise she arm , ready to hurl the last stone : joan you maniac !! you liar !! you shit !! ( continued ) 126 . 123a continued : ( 2 ) 123a harry what be you yell at I for ?! this son of a bitch be probably the westside slasher ! 124 int . helicopter - view out window - night 124 of the circle helicopter : a man , hold onto a life - less body , seem to be stalking toward a woman in a defensive stance , stand on the edge of the hill with a stone in she hand . man it look like a domestic quarrel . let 's get a car up here quick . back to harry and joan she be yell at he : joan I be finish wag my tail and leave little puddle on the floor ...!! harry wait a minute , honey ... joan and smile on command , because I do not give a damn whether any of you like I or not !!! voice ( from above ) be you alright , mar 'am ? harry ( yell up at the copter ) yeah , she 's alright !! I have get he !! ( gesture at eddy ) the westside slasher , I get he !! joan he 's not the westside slasher !! voice joan ( from above ) he 's a friend of mine !! just stand where you be , buddy . ( continued ) 127 . 124 continued : 124 harry a friend of yours ! this guy 's a friend of yours ?! joan none of you be friend of mine , you fucker !! voice ( from above ) ma'am , be this guy bother you ? they both yell up into the blind light of the search beam : joan harry will you shut up !! I be not bother she , godammit , I love she !! Harry let go of eddy and lean down to pick up the knife , gesture it at the helicopter : harry look , you asshole ! the guy be hold a knife at she throat !! voice ( from above ) okay , put the knife down , fellow . then to Joan again , take a step toward she : harry what be you do , kissing this guy !? joan I be not kissing he !! voice ( from above ) stand where you be , and put down the knife . on joan perceive the danger to Harry : joan put the knife down , Harry ! ( continued ) man trouble - Rev. 4/22/91 128. 124 continued : ( 2 ) 124 harry ( to the copter ) why do not you go harass someone else !! voice ( cont 'd ) ( from above ) we have get a bead on you , so just put it down . terrify that they be go to shoot he , she move over to Harry : voice ( cont 'd ) ( from above ) stay where you be , do not go near he . harry ( to the copter ) I just save she life , you son of bitch !! joan give I that thing . she grab the knife out of he hand , throw it away , then place she arm around he , desperately pantomime to the helicopter : joan see ? he 's not hurt I ! he 's my friend !! ( then , to Harry ) this be just for they benefit . voice ( from above ) do not touch she , buddy . harry but that 's what I be , honey , you friend , that 's what I want to tell you , and then I see you with this guy ... voice ( from above ) do not worry , lady , we have get a car on the way . ( continued ) 129 . 124 continued : ( 3 ) 124 joan ( up into the light ) will you please shut up and go away !! this be private ! can not you see that !? harry I just want to tell you , because you do not know , how important you be to I ... voice ( from above ) step away from he , mar 'am . she wave the voice off , try to listen to Harry . harry and I need you to know this one other thing about I , because I do not want to withhold anything from you anymore ... joan oh God , I do not want to know , Harry . what be it ? harry my real name 's not Harry . it 's Eugene . joan ( profoundly relieved ) oh. ( say it lovingly ) ' Eugene . ' I love that name . Eugene put he arm around she . the " ET ressurexit " from bach 's b- minor mass begins over the sound of the rotors . the camera move to a remote angle , revealing they bath in a celestial cone of light from above , make intimately emotional declaration and explanation to one another . credit begin over : 125 int . music CENTER - on lewie - night 125 conduct the full chorus , soloist and orchestra in the above music . ( continued ) 130 . 125 continued : 125 on audience the camera search out some familiar face and find socorro and she son-in - law , balto . in the row behind they , detective melveny , and a few seat to the side of he , vita , the waitress . on andy restively fan herself with a programme , seat in a aisle seat next to moncrief . 125a ext . kennel enclosure - night 125a music over : Lee macgreevy open the enclosure , put Duke inside and move out of frame . Duke pace unhappily back and forth . 125b int . jail - night 125b music over : shadows from a bar window be cast onto the wall behind butch gable and eddy revere , who sit sulky and disinterested in the mfcc 's cheerful therapy hour Rap . 125c ext . kennel enclosure - night 125c music over : Duke make a run from the far end of enclosure and vault into the air , sailing over the top of the fence . 125d int . hospital icu - night 125d music over : Red layl lie with a plastic tube up he nose . his hospital gown be open and he chest area be lace up like a football . through half - close eye he watch the cardiograph line hook up to he heart , dance in tempo to the music . 125e ext . CITY street - night 125e music over : Duke , look like he " know what he 's do and where he 's go , " run through the night . CUT to : 131 . 125f ext . CITY street - JUNE - night 125f dress in leather , on the back of a motorcycle , she arm around the helmete young man , move in a counter - direction to Duke . 126 omitted 126 127 ext . adele' back yard - night 127 music over : Adele in she short and halter top , attend the barbecue , a spatula in she hand . as though someone have just address she by she rightful name , she suddenly turn to look in the camera , and happy to be notice , she lay the spatula down and begin to do a hula dance . 127a ext . CITY street - night 127a music over : Duke , run through the night . 127b ext . music CENTER / parking lot - night 127b music over : sturge lean with he back against the Continental . across from he be Eugene 's van , and in through the window the green shepherd look back at he with one of Eugene 's sock dangle from he mouth . 127c ext . music CENTER / CITY street nearby - night 127c music over : Duke , run across a intersection . 127d ext . parking lot - night 127d music over : sturge light a cigarette , then raise he eye to see : Duke , leaping up onto the hood of Eugene 's van . he lie down and lower he head to rest on he paw . then look - ing across at sturge , he raise he lip in a soundless , disdainful growl . 128 int . music CENTER - on joan - night 128 sing . her eye catch : Eugene , arrive late . he move down the aisle search for a seat . he have forget to remove the training leash from he belt loop and the tip of it hang a inch or so below the hem of he sport jacket . ( continued ) 132 . 128 continued : 128 find a empty seat , he edge in past a couple on the aisle and seat himself . on chorus soloist and orchestra . on eugene listen . on joan search for he again and find he , she smile . on eugene he return she smile . his eye shine and glisten with emotion and a expression of undissembled and openly childlike delight take shape upon he face . credit finish . the screen goe black . the music conclude . the end