mandingo from the novel by Kyle onstott second revise screenplay by , norman wexler from the novel and a seript by : Roberto malenotti damiano damiani eeverly bennet avg. 37 ? 147 % '' 6/3/74 ext , slave quarter - falccnhurst plantation - day 1 warren maxwell and brownlee stroll slowly through the compound oft primitive shack . the slave -- man , woman end child -- stand outside , summon for inspection , they look anxious , afraid of be sell . srownlee be a nervous , suspicious individual , mid - forvy -- ready when necessary with insincere compli - ment and wheedling flattery . maxwell , late fifty , rheumatic , testy and stubborn , be a man pleased with himself and he achievement but not the the point of smugness , he fancy himself decent and moral , a good and kind master to he slave . as they walk , erownlee 's eye dart from slave to slave , appraise , evaluate . he stop from time to time to squeeze a slave 's muscle , poke or prod a belly or leg . maxwell watch silently , with some disdain . brownlee put he hand on one black 's shoulder , push he to he knee , then wrench the black 's mouth open and examine he tooth , erownlee : you crave to sell he , mista maxwell ? maxwell shake he head , ' the black smile , relieved . erownlee move on , stop before three young black , emperor , barbarosa and cicero , brownlee examine Emperor , then barbarosa , pull and twist he finger for past fracture , inspect the skin on the boy 's back , ae ebrownlee shuck down yer pants . the black do so and brownlee then spread the black 's buttock . : lhe bo , you wastin ' time ... he be not get hemmoroid , brownlee feel the genital organ . brownlee . you alter some of ten ? . maxwell ( indignant ) : my pa never alter a nigger eee nor have I , cn this plantation , there aintt a ( more ) ( continued ) Zev. 7/15/74 2/3. pa maxwell {cont ? d ) alter horse or nigger , ififn the buck run atskeare of that , I would not be blamint they . brownlee turn to cicero , inspect he . cicero be tall , powerfully build , with clear eye and chisele feature , about 24 , there be a sense cf pride and a smoulder defiance about he , brownlee see the letter R brand into cicero 's back . brownlee look quizzically at maxwell , maxwell .. ( nodd ) this buck , cicero , a runner . a !.he talk a lot , talk , preach , stop the other from doin ' , else he 's a prime worker . jest. might sell he fer a right price , erewnlee pick up 2 plece of wood , hurl it beyond a hedge , ' ( continued ) brownlee ( to cicero ) corse petehi cero hesitates , resisting , then a canny ais eye and he decide to cbey . he run , searing , leap over a hedge and retrieve ownlee watch attentively , wera St be be erownlee move fas ' ... a sound buck . good fer the sugar cane , might last seven , eight . year ... cicero drop the stick at brownlee 's foot with a veile giance of contempt . erownlee Fifteen hundred for the three , this one a ! they two , maxwell twenty ~ five hundred , brownlee dene . maxwell smile , pleased with the price . cicero , stancing behind the two white man , smile , too , glad to be sell . 2 ext , falccnhurst house - day 2 tne house be a nine-room , clarboard structure << unimpressive for a plantation the size of falconhurst , . it be badly in need of paint and repair . maxwell and erownlee be walk toward it wnon hammond maxwell , on horseback , ride up to the two man , dismount . he be a overly serious young man in he early twenty , gentle , somewhat shy , he walk with a limp , he knee permanently rigid . he greet he father with a kiss . hammond pana ... the river 's clese to floedint the bank . n! to keep ten t aroun ! and ( ccutay to continued ° 2 cud 8 hammond and srownlee shake hand . hammond right charme by the honor of of I you company , | erownlee 's right charn my own self . maxwell 5 mista brownlee 's a trader . : 1 brownlee bridle at the note of contempt in maxwellt voice , : : brownlee , you goin ' to have slave , you get to have trader . maxwell ( chuckle ) that right . you caintt eat ten ant you caintt plow tem under . achilles , a black , teenage boy , come _ fun up to the three man . achilles masta maxwell , suh ... Doc redfield come ! int , lucy hut - slave quarter - day 3 big pearl lie weakly on a crude bed <= actually a mound of reg . she be attend by she mother , lucy , eig Pearl be the color of burnish copper , tall and firm , a beautiful , a pure - breed mandingo girl of fattisn , but a still handsome t . Pearl groan man with a ine ner x th tongue , ( continued ) 7/15/74 6 . om 3 continued : , 3 redfield ( to Lucy ) if she nas vomit or temperature , she get to be isolate , lucy notum , doe rec?ielt , .. nuthin ! like that , hammond , erowniee and maxwell enter the hut . hammond : wout ail Big Pearl , Dec redfield ? : | maxwell . ( to brownlee ) doe. redfield the best | vetinary . . anywhure aroun ! here a oe hammond go over to Big Pearl and redfield . redfield she a virgin ? hammct recken ... but you never sure about a black wench . redfield Lucy ? he look at Lucy who be alarmed and apprehensive . ' lucy : she pure ... I be savin 's she like masta maxwell tell I . maxwell a mandingo wench ... you do not let jest any buck git to she . ield turn back to Big Pearl , eye she distrustfully redfield 2 ? you the only cne ° mest certain . ( ccntmiued ) vy 6/3/74 ond te contin hted by the diagnosis , laughs\heartily , a the back , maxwell cle Dec redfield ... nothint he do not know about nigger nature , nigger symptom ! redfield turn to hammond , redfield hammond , you pleasure she , son , she git better , you do not , she fall off ... hammond be startle by redfield 's advice , then seem sconcert , confuse . he lock at Big Pearl uneasily , @ Pearl , fearfully , make a crude , cun attempt to. dissuade hammond , I too olacx , net fittent maxwell it 's a master 's duty to pleasure the wench the first time , son . burst into tear . she bound out the door , brownlee turn ercwulee ( adnziringly ) pure mandingo ! you get buck , tco ? oa @ house - day mense , bare of furniture except ing table and a ornate Empire i with rococo silver and glass . table be a tall , revolve silver n jar or condinent and picky . the plate @ cup be huge . a pair of twin boy , meg 7 acous four foot tall , stand wave fray feather fan to keep fly away from the table . have closely shorn skull , be snabbily clad , ked with they seat show through the hole they pants , maxwell , brownlee , redfield and cond be finish the first course of the meal -=- | chicken , ham and peas , maxwell {to hammond ) . when I 3.8 you age , there be not no fourteen ~ year - old ' virgin round falconhurst . 1 ( to brownlee and : redfield ) hammond crave the bright - skinned one . ( to hammond ) course , iffn you do not hanker fer Big Pearl ... hammond ( olush ) I hanker ... out she 's powerful musky . redfield no need fer musk to bother you . jest soak them good in manganate of potash water . lucrezia borgia , a robust , vigorous black woman in she forty , enter carry 4 tray with a platter of fifteen fry egg , start serve they , maxwell icok toward the pantry , annoyed . maxwell ( shouting ) mem , you black scountrel , git in here and help lucrezia borgia ! . ( to lucrezia borgia tell how many sucker you brung we , lucrezia eorgia . lucrezia eorgia twenty -four . maxwell ( proudly ) twenty - four , ' this twin two of ‘em . but she breed out now , too old . ( continued ) bev. 7/15/74 L cot '' lucrezia borgia Nah , suh .. , I knock up agin , maxwell bless my soul} % a silver dollar , Ham ? hammond give she a silver dollar , maxwell beam , then lock toward the pantry again . maxwell ( shouting ) itm callin ! you , agamemnon ! I be beggin ! you to step fastsee hammond pabue . dapa.e. do not git yourself rile . it be not good fer you rheumatiz . ) agamemnon enter ~- he be past thirty , bdroad - shoulder , yellow= -skin , canny and intelligent . he carry a pitcher of milk which he proceed to pour into gless _ on the table , no , masta , dont ride I , please , suh , I be spry . his response seem to satisfy maxwell . erownlee you have any religicn for you nigger , mista maxwell ? maxwell Al , no ! more religion they ts , the ornrier they git , harder to drive , we they maxwell g0c no inmortal ( continued ) on + , 7/15/74 20 . conpinued = ( 2 ) : o maxwell ( cont would ) ( to agamemnon ) mm , you reckon you get a soul ? h soreount , upid , en nigger like I caintt nave a soul , masta . maxwell smile , corroborate , otlivious to agamennon 's } ireny . 7 brownies seme people think they get soul ... go to heaven , too . maxwell snort with indignaticn . maxwell you acgoin ! to fly about up there , a-flapoin ! you wing end a~pickin ! you hard amongst a lot ef stinkin ! black.angels ? I ; aintt , I eintt goint if I ge al ' to sing in no cheir with tem . srownlee well , I stoose there would be a piece or heaven fence orf fer ten , tless they kindly serve and wait on the white . I do not know , maybe they turn white when they die and ascend . maxwell even God cai not 2 a white man cut of no nigger , it jest be not in hin . slavery sod , 3 eas God ( cchtinued ) Rev. 7/15/74 il . ox cr maxwell | damn my rhumatiz ! dontt do this and do not do that . it git worse whatever I do or quit dointl J he reach toward he father , rub he hand fondly . erownles sleepin ' with one of they nekid mexican dog ... they do say ... dreens the rheumatiz right cut - of the man into the dog . redfield a nigger jest as gocd .s ( look at the twin ) : one of they dreen off the rheumatiz good as any nekid dog . course , you get . to have the nigger sort of curl up aroun ? you reet , and you get to press hard and kindly force the rheumatiz right out and the sole , eculatively at alph , consider try mond rise . hammond papa , I be goi no. ( to lucrezia rorgie ) tell Lucy to git Big Pearl ready . maxwell right glad to hear it , son . hammond kiss he father , leave limping , brownlee . . a good boy . { look like he be . a right vigorous stud . J maxwell [ fam get two , three baby , they fancy , light - yaller . ] I jest want to live long enotgh to marry he to some young lady of nice family , carry on the maxwell name . but he 's shy . about he leg . when he be en ) six year old ... year after he mar die ... a geld throw he off ant step on he kne . . Rev. 7/15/74 ila , 3 tit , lucy hut - day , 5 o Big Pearl , naked , sit in a wooden tub of red=color water , anxious and tremble . lucrezia ezorgia and Lucy rub she body with a cloth , ' the two older woman be grim , distress . lucrecia eborgia you jes ! do evertthin ! like he say , everitnin ! . ant dont let no fart , no diff 'rence hew yo ! feel , ( more ) . _ ( continued ) oo o Rev. 6/3/74 oy 12 . 5 continued : : 5 lucrezia borgia ( cont would ) ant dont fergit to say thankee , whether he give you nuffin ' or not , lucy ( sarcastic ) you stpose to reckon it a prideful honor ... white masta takin ! you fust . big pearl this stuff smell awful , mama . Lucy smell good to white nose . lucrezia borgia I hear Doc redfiel ! talkxin !... say a manganate wench stay sweet= - smellin ' fer two day . big pearl I be smellin ' like this fer two daysl lucy eush up ! I tol ! you not to let eon you sickl lucrezia borgia ( shaking she head ) cai n'tt hide from the white masta aoe they waitin' , watchin ' , wantin ! se. oncet they see a wench tittie out , they think yo't ready ... Big Pearl begin to cry . Lucy take she head , nestle it against she body , sadly , lovingly . a ext . slave quarter - sunset hammond head for Lucy 's nut . meg dog he footstep and hammond order he away . the entire olack ccmmunity wateh hammond from behind the bush , the cabin . averyone know ere he be so , what he , be go to do . tz , lucy aut ~ sunset : 7 ad enter , Big Pearl be sit on the bed now . ( continued ) bev. 7/15/74 13. 7 continued : ' T o Lucy and lucrezia borgia stand near she , hammond all right , Lucy , lucrezia borgia , you kin go . Lucy ( to Big Pearl ) you ack like I tol ? you . big pearl yas , mama . the two . woman leave . hammond take off he jacket , then he pistol . he still have not look at Big Pearl , seem hesitant , unsure , finally , he limp over to she , rere she silently , she lie back , rigid with fr : ° : hammcnd .- mayhap I will hurt you a. little . Big Pearl respond with a barely perceptible nod . hammcnd a you glad about this , Big Pearl ? ( wait ) Big Pearl ? big pearl sho ' , masta hammon ' ... mama say .e. she stop in mid-sentence , hammond whut she say !? big pearl she say ... she say ... it be right joyful . hammond nod , satisfied , begin to remove he trousers . for a moment , Big fearl seem relieved that she lie be believe -- then the fear return to she eye . 3 eat , lucy hut - sunset . 8 ecy be try woman take he by to the ear and drag ( ) > do. stanm - nicer 9 dare at a bartarosa , ( continued ) cicero stand be ) 6 Rev. \o o 6/5/74 13a. continued : , 9 Emperor , he be chain to the wall , shackle at the ankle , except for agamemnon , the cther be also chain , they lie or sit on straw vallet . , agamemnon sit in one corner , the stable be light by lanternlight . cicero how you feel sittin ! chain while the white man walk aboct , do he ( morz ) ( continued ) ery 6/3/74 a. D - ( 2 ) : 9 cicero ( conttd ) pleasure with a black girl , mayhap you don ! nave feelinis like the white man say ... or feelint like dump animal that dont matter nonow . art conti barbarosa ( overlap ) whut we stpose to dosee ?! cicero whut you do be ... all you kin do now be , think tabout it , hate it ant feel the hate good a ! remember that hate ant feed it , a ! you save it fer when you goint to use it . when we rise - up ant smite . the white man , - like 's . God 's . choose people do : smite they enemy . barbarosa that never happen , cicero . cicero it happen . it happen already . it happen agin . it get to happen . God never create slave ... he create man , ail standin 's ! upright in his eye . God tol ! mose to lead he people from the bondage of egypte agamemnon : ( quietly ) in Africa ... we people be bear free.e. cicero thats right . free man ... not slave ... mastas we own selve ease of tne earth a ! the forest ant the river . you reckon the white man don ! know that deep , down , know we be human as he be ? whut fer you reckon they keep we from readin ' , learnin ' , religion ? cuz they know , they afear we be human . mem , you brung that copy - out page ? agamemnon nod , rise , reach into he pocket . S ib . dit , lucy hut - wight : 94 ph : 3 % be dimly light by a lantern . hammond be pull on jacket , Sacks up he pistol . Big Pearl lie on the bed , face down , hammond give she one last , gentle look and leave . Lucy enter . Lucy he have to whup you ? big pearl notun . she begin to sob desperately ext . stable = night 1o hammond walk back toward the house . pass the stable , not notice a light filter beneath the door . curious , he walk over to investigate , int , stable - night i aganemron be read the prayer crudely print in oversize block letter on a sheet of paper . cicero stand near agamemnon , read over he shoulder . oread with a beginner 's difficulty ) o Lord , we God , cther lord beside thee have have dominion cvef useee fammond enter , umseen and unheard , conceal himself in the shadow near the door . agamemnon ees . dut dy thee only will we make mention of thy name ... agamemnon mispronounce the word " mention . " cicero correct he , cicero no ... mention ... mention ... it mean to speak , of concealment . the black gape at only cicero seem compose , unm he sheet of pager behind 3 ) wnaut you doin 's here , mem ? ( continued have 7/15/78 16 , continued : : 11 agamemnon be speechless , hammond snatch the paper from he , scan it . hammond you kin read ! ant write ! who learn you , mem ?! agamemnon be still tongue - tie , hammond , realize , turn to cicero , hammond it be you , huh , cicerc ? cicero , lock straight at hammond , say nothing . hammcnd my papa . do well to sell you . he grab agamemnon by the arn , shove he roughly toward the door .. hammcnd . readin ' ! you know whut you kin git fer readin !?! he leave , agamemnon follow he , lock sick and frighten . : int , maxwell ! S bedrocm - falccnhurst house - night 12 maxwell lie in bed , Doc redfield , assist by lucrezia sorgia , be twist the completely naked atpa arcund maxwell 's foot . the boy take it all as a great game . redfield ( to maxwell ) you get to keep you foot press hard on he belly ... so the rheumatiz dreens right outn the sole , hammond enter . hammond papa , I get to creel mem 's rumn . maxwell I would send the lasy rket if not stock boy . ( continued ) 17 . jest gittint maxwell give hammond a war you protectin ! h he do now , tent redfield pick up he bag . redfield good night , all , ( to alph ) you stay curl up there , bor . ee smack alph 's rump . maxwell thankee , doc. redfield leave , pollow by lucrezia borgia . maxwell rivet he eye on hammond , wait for a answer , hammond ( finally ) I ketch mem readin ' ... he kin read ! maxwell , outrage , jerk upright in bed . alph make a desperate . effort to hang on , twisted ascut maxwell 's foot . . maxwell readin '! that dumb-ass , block= - head nigger readin ' { know whut ole Sam Thomas do with readin ! nigger ?! put out a eyeese cure tem good . cne -eye , not two . , s. blind one 's no damn use but onewey kin work as hard a ! dont give no more trouble , hammond no , papa ... no . I will jest whup nin . maxwell tai not enough . hammc } nd that 's all , papa ... a larrupin' . ( continued ) o Rev. 6/3/74 4 to iy ee ) continued - ( 2 ) : . 12 maxwell then you whup he fierce ... cause deep cuza nigger don ! feel paysicai punishment soon as a white man . ant you rub in the pimentade after . hurt like hell but heal the scare right clean , tell lucrezia borgia to use fresh red pepper , fresh lemon in the pimentade -- and plenty of salt , hammond nod , but . do not look very happy about the prospect . dmt . hammond' bedrocm - falconhurst house - night 13 - hammond enter with agamemnon . dite , hammond 's mulatto concubine , a slender , well - form girl about fifteen , stand by the bed , hold a quilt around herself , dite yo ! want I in the bed , masta ? hammond jest warm they sheet up . I be tired , dite , dite drop the quilt and , naked , plump herself gaily on the feather bed . hammond begin to undress near the olagz fire . agamemnon assist he . hammcnd whut that cicero tellin ' you ? agamemyon ( hesitates , then evasively ) he talk ' bout Africa ... they !s big forest , lot of animal ... runnin ! free ... ' bout leopard ... hammond iffn ' I tol ' my fapa everythin ! I neard ... the religion , copyin ' from the bible.. , he would sell you alisng with cicero , . gratia and j ‘cr mamnen tonight , you pray for masta ? ( continued ) o S oo re 33 '' 7/15/74 ccunt tied : Fe go . hammond aintt no use I prayint to God fer you ... sesin ! you do it fer you own self , ( then relenting ) mayhap tomorrow ... after you be whupped . now git . agamemn on yes , masta , suh . dite masta , suh , eammond wout you wantin ' , bite ? dite masta , I knock up . hammond I be a=lookin ' fer that . dite masta , when my sucker come , caintt I keep it ? eammond . ( shaking he head it 's fer yer own good , dite . , J se 's you will not feel bad ( ittn we go to sell it . he kneel at the bed , clasp he hand . hammond now I lay I down to sleep . I pray the Lord my soul to keep , if I should die before I wake , I pray{the Lord my soul to take . dear God , bless my mama up in Heaven ; bless my papa and dreen he rheumatiz into alph ; bless Big Pearl ; bless dite ; bless lucresia borgia and the twin ; and , God , bless falconhurst , and all the nigger on the piantation . ' ae mens D 19 . 13 o. = * y tev . 7/15/74 l9a . ext , falconhurst house - day , 14 brownlee be finish tie rope about the neck of the three purchase slave , while a dozen or so other siave look : on sadly . one black wcman break from the crowd , run to empercr , clutches he desperately , sebbing . a second woman , emboldene by the first , run to barbarossa , embrace he , brownlee continue he rope-ty , glance indifferently at the grief stricken black . rammond come out of the house . he hold a paddle in he hand . he walk toward brownlee and the slave , eammond good luck , Mr. brownlee , brownlee ~ lish 2 I could stay fer the larrupint . I see lot of nigger larrupe , but :. I always admire to . see it . it 's kind of comical like ... that be , if it have to be do anyways . well , thankee fer the hospitalit you git to New Orleans , you come see I , ( continued Rev. 7/15/74 , 20/21. 14 continued : , 14 ee climb into the saddle and start to move off , the three slave walk behind he . eammond walk along with the slave for a few pace , the two black woman whe embrace Emperor and barbarosa remain behind , o weep . hammond emp , bar ... you behave like good buck . ( to cicero ) you plannin ' to keep preachint up trouble ? cicero wnure I kin , masta hammon ' , hammond frown , shake he head in resign disapproval , he halt , watch erownlee and the slave leave . then re turn and walk toward the stable , 15 int , stable - day i5 agamemnon lie on the stable floor while napoleon , a stout , nineteen - year-old , knot a rope about he ankle , the rope hang from a pulley nail to a fn ) rafter , } watch , excited , fold a wad of - eloth , Ham enter .. hammond haul he up , pole , napoleon take hold of the other rope end and start pull . agamemnon be drag shriek across . the floor and hoist into the air until he be swinging free of the ground , hang upside - down , napoleon tie * the rope to a hock , hammond seem uneasy , he resolve falter , meg y ' sure lcok funny a-nangin ! , he glance at hammond , then stuff the cloth in agamemnent mouth to muffle any scream , hammond stand uncertainly , . mow , 's ant be down on he leg , none , but do not slam he back . napolech yas , suh , masta . bev. 7/15/74 : 20 / ela , 25 continued : 15 co™ a ) hammond . | I will tell you when to start ani | stop you when I ready fer you | to stod . ( aand he pedal ) go ahead , napoleon begin to beat agamemnon with the paddle . agamemnon writhes , twitches in pain , begin to bleed . eammond suddenly seem repell , | hammond turn and stride out of the stable . ext , stable ~ day we 16 I nn in the bright . daylight , hammond 's face be draw , pasty ( continued } ke the 1 ov 2 22 . 15 waite . indly away from the stable with slow , neavy ste stop , he turn back , then turn away '' hard from the same soot . 17 3 still whack sgamemnon but with flagging '' enthusiasm , charle woodford enter , he sop , about twenty , dress in rumple but aionable clothing , charle you be not doin ' that right ... he tear the paddle from napoleon 's hand and slan it several time against agamemnon 's backside . hammond return , be astonished to see this stranger beat agamemnon . hammcnd ( raging who you ... to touch my nigger ?! he ric the paddle away frem Charles . charle you do not recognize I , cousin hammond . we be little ' un . I be Charles , Major wyoodford 's son frem crowfoot Plantation . he smile disarmingly at hammond , ext , veranda = falconhurst house =~ day 13 axwell sit on a veranda chair . the twin alph come toll toward he , but as soon as he reach laxwell , he begin to walk hunch and twisted , groan . alfh cooh ... coohl mastat misery creen right through my belly . maxwell aiyint little buck ... I kin ww feel the rheunmatiz , . umond come out of the house . ( continued ) rea oo het have 7/15/74 23 . 18 hammond a-stuffint hisself with lucrezia borgia 'ts vittle . alfph ( moan ) I hurt awful . maxwell grab alph by the arm , pull he dewn to he maxwell you git down here , maxwell kick off he slipper , put he foot on the boy 's belly , sigh with relief . maxwell ( to hammond ) Major woodford , Charles ! pa , be bad press , Charles come with a letter from he -- askint to borrow money , hammond you a=mind to ? maxwell ( slyly ) May hap ... iffn you take to Charles ! Little sister , cousin blanche , hammond scowl , aware of what he father be lead hammond papae maxwell it time to be a-thinkin ! of a heir fer falconhurst , Ham . ant you need a white lady to give you a sen with human blood ... not they sucker of yourn from wench . cmd whut to do ... with you jest ast she , he say 3 ast ner . Al . ( continued ) Rev. 7/15/74 en , 25 continued - ( 2 ) : 18 o . hammond interrupt ) zt mean goint the ted ... mayhap she will not let you . maxwell you love she up an’ kiss she ant she let you all right at last ... hammond tai not no good at kissint . maxwell you do not kiss the wench , I : know that . White ledey , thceugh , you have to kiss . . - eammond : ant you cai not have no more wench if and youtre marry . maxwell course , have wench , jest the '' sam , you dee n!t talk about tem 4 fronten ! you wife , '' i you have tem , she want should have tem , save she from havin ! to submit ... when she do submit , though , you keep on you shirt a ! drawer , Plague a white lady mo ! to death to see a man nekid . hammond not in New Orleans . therets white lady there , I hear ... strip all off ... everythin ' , maxwsll whore ! * ( pause , then firmly ) Ham , gast go a ! take a lock at cousin elanche , ifin she be not to yer taste , we kin look around gner white la ° ia will in a surrey along the plan - ' horse , tie to the rig , co qs a Rev. 7/23/74 aha . 20 q el pass it . ext , eank of the MISSISSIPPI - day 20 the surrey speed by cart laden with cetton bal black perch sn tey of the bale as they the 'o + master ! ware to the beat , ext , country road = day 28x a coftle of twenty slave , chain together in pair , be 'on they way to the New Orleans slave market . at the head of the column be two unchaire slave , one be a fiddler piaying oe lively tune , the other carry a american fleg , : the coffle be eccompany by two white man on horseback , one at the front of the column , the other bring up the rear , ' the surrey , go in the same direction as the slave coftle , approach + and ae waliace piawdation - day 's of ab the surrey approach & group of building . hamnonds , ' ( continued ) 2 - 256 continued : : al ww a drav up outside the large . wallace , a gruff but amiable man of sixty , come out . he take the rein of the horse , greet hammond warmly , wallace mista hammond ! how 's you pa ? hammond all cripple up with the rheumatiz , mista '' allace , this my cousin Charles woodford from crowfoot . wallace hake yourself , welcome , mista woedford , come right in . they walx toward the house , wallace this a social call , mista hammond , er you get something on you mind ? hammond eoth I reckon . 22 int , dine rocm - wallace plantation - night 22 hammond , Charles and wallace be just finish supper , serve by a elderly black wcman , hammond you old mandingo buck , my papa erave to borrow he fer breedin ' , wallace Old xerxes ... he 's dead , a bull gore he two , three month ago . hammond ( disappointed ) my pa be hopint ... charle they make the best fightin ! nigger ... mandingos . hammond . I crave one my own self , a good one , one that kin whup anybody . wallace you be jest like you pa , Warren maxwell be always mandingo mad . ( continued ) > m m uw ) continued : ' 22 he laugh , hammond start to laugh with he , int , bedroom = wallace plantation - night 23 a large , shabby room , illuminate by a single candle , the furniture , chiefly walnut , be ugly and decrepit . mond and Charles watch expectantly as wallace hold the door open , admit two young black girl , katy and ellen , ' they be about fourteen or fifteen , clad in long shift reach from neck to ankle , Katy be fat , moonnface , impassive , ellen be pretty , a bit plump . she seem apprehensive , vulnerable . wallace Katy and ellen , I hope they be to you like . charle suit I fine , wallace good night , then , ee go . Charly seize the candle , examine the girl clesely , squeezing breast and bottom with no regard for the girl . feeling , Katy accent it stoically . t elisn , ad with shame , try to avoid the explore finger , hammond observe she reaction . hammond you a virgin ? ellen nod shyly . charle this one be not , eh , Katy ? cousin hammond , you take the virgin . i do not care fer hard work . he grab Katy and wildly fasten he lip on hers . ea ( astonis cousin Charles ! the mouth ? rmcnd 4 ) you kissint on ift , thrust the naked ard , and smack she on celt and cegin thrashing ake off fh . she scream , ( continued ) o W ww 27 . continued : : 23 hammond waut you do that fer ? charle imake a man feel good , she iike it , too , do not you , urty wench ? katy ( scared ) yas , sun , masta . Charles continue the beat . hammond and ellen see in each other 's eye a share disgust at the spectacle , hammond turn and walk toward a door the a connect bedroom , tye , second bedrocm - wallace plantation - night a4 a veom like the other , hammond enter , gaze about . the room , ellen follow in , close the door behind she , stand ummove . hammond walk to the bed , sit down . hammcnd you do not like whut Charles doin ' ? ellen ( faintly ) Mo , masta , hammond ido not like it neither ... make I sick . he turn to look at she , catch she gaze curiously at he before she quickly look away . hammond why you lookin ! odd= - like at I , sneaky - like ? whut fer ? ellen shake she head mutely , apprehensively , hammond giare at she suspiciously , 40 nd ° no fib , ensitivity about he leg -- ish the misunderstanding . elle ( aesitant ) jest ... that ... you be ... strange fer a white man , ( continued ) '' 7/15/74 28. continued : 24 hammond strange ! . ellen keerint whut a white man do to @ wench . hammond laugh , relieved . hammced kin you nelp I take off this boot ? eager to please , ellen knesis before eammond , tug off the boot . hammond start massage he game leg . ellen — whut. happen to yo ! ieg , masta ? hammchd ( surprised } no wench ever ast that straight out honest . they always preten ' ! they do not see , acness and feel osenness in hin , - he be touch and vlease by & symbathy waich seem to encour he rise , limp about the room hammcnd I do walk bad . : ellen I think you walk jest fine , masta . hammend laugh ruefully . but he believe she mean it , convinced by she earlier honesty . a rare moment <= he feel free of he infirmity , unashame . he gaze at she with intense concentration , realize she beauty , he eye lose in ‘her face and form . hammond raise you head . ( wait ) raise you head , * ellen do , but with she head turn away from he , she . eye avert . . . . hammond noss . I caintt see yous ... you amlookin ! awayeee ( continued ) 29 . 2 k continued - ( 2 ) : — 2h — she bring ner head around , face he , but still keep she eye downcast . hammond put you eye on I . look I straignt , .. into my eye . ellen ( tremble ) I caintt , masta . hammond I crave you to do it , ellen , ellen ( halting ) eee niggers ... dontsce hammond do not whut ... look a white man in the eye ? iffn you tolt to do it , ast to do it ... you kin do it . he take she hand gently , * hammond ellen ? ully she raise she eye and look directly y stand gaze solemnly into each other 's deep communication that seem to awe and astonish they , tenderly -= - and crudely -- hammond begin to caress she body . she shudder . hammond do not be afear . she begin to weep . hammond ( puzzle ) you cryin ! like a white lady . you do not like I , you do not have to stay . ellen . I like you , masta . I want to please you , sun . mmond touch she cheek , feél she wet face , com= ssicnately , he suddenly kiss she on the cheek -- artle himself oy he impulsive , uncharacteristic ( continued ) 30 . on continued - ( 3 ) : 24 om > y = = NY action . more amaze , not realize hetd like to kiss she lip . he run he fingertip around the cutline of she mouth , then begin to kiss she again and again , 25 ext , llace plantation ~ day 25 hammond shake hand with wallace and start walk to tne surrey where Charles sit , smoking a cigar , ond spy ellen peeping at he from a corner of the building , he waik to she , smile , hammond I crave to say goodbye , she stare at he silently , despair in she eye , mond ( blurt it out ) itm gittin ' marry ... ellen say nothing . hammond see the love and sratitude in she face , the emotional currént between they be vibrant . hamm I be gittin ! marry . I be '' ionever see ner grove D rrass , choke with ling , he turn abruptly and bride toward the surrey , ellen watch he whip the horse and ride off , 28 ext . slave market - new orlean - day 26 rge sign across a cabin identify the chaotic scene measpero 's Exchange - slave and mule . " hundred ves , all age and both sex , be cramme in of .s score of stall and hutch . buyer and seller shout , bargain , comment boisterously -- a babel of ice , ' whites lead slave away tie with long rope . cwnlee , hammond and Charles push they way through u@ swarm of pecole , they pass a white man tie to a pping post , be to the waist , he tack bloody and weite frem flog , hammond lock at the man , turn to brownlee . ° eammcnd 3 3 inle & ( continued ) continued : eammond they ketch he preachin !? prownies ( laugh ) preachin '{ ! they ketch he preachin ' , he wouldn ' be breathin ' now , they foun ! some abolitionist writin 's -- beoklet - like -- on hin ... have he pocket stuff with tem , hammond take another look at the man -- and they move on , hrownlee lead they to a small circle of people surround wilson , a elderly gentleman , and mede , 2 tower muscular black with a handsome , sculpture face and calm , confident eye , he wear only a loin cloth , a plump , middle - age german woman be brazenly feel hin all over , hammond ( awed a mandingo ! pure -bre ! wilson playful as a kitten , strong as a bull elephant . erownlez ( pleased by hammond 's reaction ) like I tol ! you . german woman what you call he ? wilson mede.. , fer ganymede , the woman reach under the slave 's loin cloth and feel what 's underneath , hammond ( shocked ) matam ! german woman ° T be not ouy a pig in a poke , charle ( disgust ) she carry on like a man , ( contiwed ) bev. 7/15/74 32 . 26 continued = ( 2 ) : : 26 — erowiler ske busy he ... tonight he find out she 's no man , hammond ( aghast ) a white lady pleasure with a nigger ?! no , you wrong ! brownies she 's @ german widder .. , and german . j jady kin never pleasure . enough . the woman complete she examination of mede . german woman how much ? wilson Three thousand five hundred , she reach into she bedice and pull out 2 roll of banknote tie with string , - german woman so ( whimper ) I be not get no more than three thousand , wilson we kin come to term , hammond step forward . eammond I ?ll pay the price you askin’ , german womait ( glaring at hammond ) you be not no gentleman , try to take a nigger offn a poor widow . lond fer the use you cravin ! to make of hin , ratam ... I be not a-lettin ' you git hin , > the german woman swing erourd , lift she aze in the fold of material , turn tack to th another wad of bansmete in she hand , german woman four thousand ! ( continued ) Zev. 7/15/74 33 . 26 continued ~ ( 3 ) : ' 26 hammond I will pay more , .. five hundred more . no white lady goint to pester with a nigger , not iffn I kin stop it . cod na 7 the woman glare at he with pure bratre , then stalk avay furiously , Charles , brownlee and several people in the crowd laugh , amused , wilson ( sorrowful ) . you get a good boy . trustworthy , of obedient , whip -smart , I hate to Seas sell he , ls . he put he hand on mede 's shoulder , look at he fordly , mede seem to share the old man 's feeling . ayo hammond . I 'l come fetch he in two , three day . mede leok furtively at hammond -- a wary , scrutinize glance -- but look away when hammord turn to gaze at wal he happily . hammond I get I a fightin’ nigger ... and the mandingo papa dream about all he lifel he clap brownlee on the back exuberantly . 2a ext , crowfoot plantation - day 26 a the surrey with Charles and hemmord move through a colonnade of soar cak tree lead to a beautifully ~ keep , spacious mansion , 27 int . parlor - crowfoot fiantation - day 27 the room be painfully elegant -- american copy of ornate Empire furniture , imitation aubusson carpet , @ great square piano , yellow damask curtain , hammond sit stare at bianche , who sreak glance at he , af - fecting a shyness rot natural to she . major woodford ara he wife beatrix watch the two of they with eager smile <= and the avidity of matchmaker , Charles pacs . about the room , agitate and hostile , a dlack woman be en ) serve they tea , ( continued ) 34 , 27 = continued : : 27 cy blanche , seventeen , pretentiously dress , be pretty and buxem , with a certain petulance in she face -- a will - ful girl who know what she want and how to get it . woodford be a bustling man in he fifty whose surface geniality can not quite conceal nis inner anxiety . beatrix be a severe , proper middle - age woman , very concerned with appearance -- but give to occasional pluttery coyness , partially deaf , she use a ear trumpet , beatrix mayhap cousin hammond ... crave to carry blanche to church meetin’ , fluster , eammond start to answer but Charles cut he off , . chariz ( mock solicitude ) no ... not that cup fer cousin hamond ! it be crack ! he take the cup from hammond , display it , beatrix ( shocked ) Charles ! charle ( to serve woman ) give he that one . ' the only cup in crowfoot that 's whole , beatrix ( smocthing it over ) Charles like to rile folk with lie , jest look at we furniture . dick , blanche 's older brother , mid-twenty , with a wild , frenzied air , enter , his pants be scake to the knee , dick I duck tem , duck them gocd ! $ be easy , pa . I tin do it ! woodford Dick , this you cousin hammond fren falcenhurst . ( to hammond ) ) Dick 's be practicin ! baptizin '.. , = no preachin’ , , . on the nigger , ( more ) ( continued ) io ~ ao 35 . continued ~ ( 2 ) : 27 nccdford {cont ? d ) do not mean nothin’ to tem ... out Dick ?s a- learnin ' ... charle eeep he from gamblin ' ... fer a hs or tye , Dick look hostilely at Charles , Major woedford and Zeatrix pretend not to hear , woodford eeatrix , my dear , be not cousin hammord the image of uncle theophilus , — beatrix uncle theophilus be not that handsome , an! unele theophilus never look at blanche like that . blanche , you think cousin hammond be handsome ? blanche , manage to blush , nod shyly . charle ( infuriate ) it do not matter iff ! blanche think het pantseme , whut matter be cousin hammond thinkin ! 's blanche be pretty . ( to he father ) yeu do not git the money ifn she be not to he taste a ! he do not wed herl ( to hammond ) I hear you pal everyone be stunne , blanche burst into tear , sobbing with humiliation , woodford ani beatrix go to comfort she . hammond be terribly emberrass , do not know what to do . then he see Charles walk out of the room and follow hin . int , hall = crowfoot piantation - day 28 hammond catch up with Charles , fammond you a gocd -fer-nothin ! , cousin Charles . charle you crave to wed blanche , you teched ! blanche be pizen ... pizen ! ( continued ) 23 aq as 's hammond you watch that bad tongue of yourn , .. he leap toward Charles , fist raise , but the youth dart avay from he and run off , int , bianche's rocm - crowfoot plantation ~ day 29 blarche dab at she face with a wet towel , which she dip celicately in a basin of water on a vanity , Charles enter , she turn , look at he coldly , charle you be not a-weddin ' that hammond . bianche ( quiet determination ) I will be a-weddin’ nin , Charles sulk , she decide to rub it in , punish hin , bianche . he 's a fine ketch , gocd -lookin ! and rich , and romantic , be to New Orleans , come from fur away . charle I will tell he , I will tell he ... whut we do . blanche he would not believe you . and papa would throw you out . ( then fiercely ) Charles , I be gittin ' out of this house a ! this fanilyl Charles look at she malignly , wild with jealous anger and frustrated possessiveness , blanche toss she head and sail out of the room , tv? , statrway - crowfcot piantation - day 208 blanche walk haughtily down the stair , step , compose erself , let the anger drain away and set she face in dreany serenity , then continue to the foot of stair , hey ' oo will vt , eall - crowfoot piantation - day she walk to the door , peek out , see hammond on the veranda , withdray , oat she hair , saile shyly , then sce cutside , on 39 vu 37 . ext , veranda - crowfoot piantation - tay 30 blanche fleat onto the veranda , pretend not to see hammond , move toward the veranda step . hammond cousin blanchet she turn , feign surprise ard shame , start to rm off . hammond pursue she , catch she by the arm , then droos he hard abasn . , hammond - cousin blanche ... blanche ( a accusation , put meekly ) you come to buy I . hammond do not put it like that , cousin blanche , proud martyr -- and suddenly she draw herself erect , the subtle flirt , sianche take a good look at I ... like I be aweneh , be I to you taste ? you crave I undress ? hammond ( squirming ) cousin blanche ... I be terrible sorry . she gaze at he with a gentle skepticism , then smile demurely , bianche I do believe you be . eammond ( brighten ) kin I carry you to church , cousin blanche ? she nod haovily , place she hand on hemmond 's arm . they iale down the veranda step toward a surrey wait in the garden . bianches a young gentleman carry 2 girl to church , everyone reckon they goin ! to git marry . ( continued ) bev. 7/15/74 38 . 30 continued : 30 o ~ eammond mayhap we be . bianche be whut ? hammond mayhap we be goin ! to git marry , how you like to ? bianche 2 you get a nice Plantation ? Big ae . - house ? ' : '' th : . hammond House be not fine , like crowfoot . good enough fer jest papa a ? I , but : I kin build . a house . jest be eawaitin ! until I marries to build @ house -- a fine house . bianche tai not think ebout gittin ! marry ... much , eammond my fava say I get to marry and sire I a son . bianche be you ~ - all proposin ' ? hammond reckon 80 ... do not know how else . ' to do it . blanche close she eye dreamily , bianche do not kiss I yet . ( then ) unlessen it jest a cousin kiss . hammond take she in he arm '' kiss she awkwardly . but she lip fasten on he passionately . then she reak avay for a moment , . bianchs Charles say anythin ! to you ? a ) ' Bout I ? hammond he say you be pizen . why he say that ? ( continued ) 20 ww 'w ] pev . 7/15/74 3ea. continued - ( 2 ) : ' 30 bianche he do not want I a-leavin ! crowfoot . Charles a spile , lorely person . she cast a auick , search glance at hammond , then , satisfied that hammond be no lenger curious , she kiss he again . dt , parlor ~ crowfoot piantation ~ day 31 Major woodford and eeatrix stand at the window watch hammond and they daughter kiss . weedford take beatrix !s wrist , raise she ear trumpet to she ear . ( continued ) Rev. 7/15/74 continued : @ to rarr o 39 . 31 woodford do not take a man long to make uo he mind fer a purty piece like that blanche . ee walk to the decor , call out , e ty 1 oo x wocdford dickl Dick ! go fetch ffastor Jones soon as church do . the get a weédin'l . but. cousin hammond ... he jest come today .. woodford when you have true love , the soorer the better . beatrix hope she will be a good I jest wife and bring he right to Jesus . x enter , dick Jones be stayin ' with mista maddox , gittint he ready to meet he Maker , after church , he ? 1l go right back , will not leave @ dyin ? man to come here , wocdford goddan ! beatrix we kin wait ' till tomorrer , woodford that maddox so onery , he will stay alive a week , woodford bad luck puttin ! off a weddin ' atter it set , get to the today ov not ever , ( contented ) Rev. 7/15/74 ho . 31 continued ~ ( 2 ) : 31 o he pace , distraught , suddenly look at Dick , woodford dickf Dick , you kin do it ! you a@ preacher ! dick ( shocked ) no ... papal woodford ves , you kin ... do it good as any . ~ br dick . '' rin jest a-startin ! out , papa . rt cai not wed no white folk < -- never do . woodford you kan do it ... you a- goin ' to do it ... jest as soon as they come back , 314 int , eallway - crowfoot piantation - day 3 m a the majer , chezles , Dick and hammond enter from the veranda , walk toward the parlor , hammond reckon it legal ? woodford legal as Jones . ick say the word a ' I write in the Bible ees you marry , marry fast . dick I do not know the line . they enter the parlor , 213 int , parlor ~ crowpoot plantation ~ day 313 the four man come through the doorway . woodfcsd , do : matter , you jest start 1 lzin 's ... rememberin' , . , you be to weddin' . all you do . be good ... we ! ( more ) 's ( 3/74 ua continued : , 318 ov woodford ( cont would ) ee . 28t tem a ! tell them , no need to string it cut . Charles tegin to laugh conterptucusly , eadferd give hima savage , threaten look -- and he stop , he staré sullenly but quietly through the rest of the scene , blanche and eeatrix enter , bianche ( pout ) I be not a-gittin ! marry in this dress . hammond in New Orleans , I '1i buy you all the dress you crave , this seem to satisfy blanche for a moment . then she 's / os pout again . . wee , bianche hammond be not get no weddin ! ring '' yet ! woodford you mame a-goin! t to borrow you she ring ' till hammond git it . he grab beatrix 's hand , roughly pull off she wedding ring , hand it to hammond , beatrix look stunne . then woodford take hold of blanche and hammond , woodford you two stant here together . he take beatrix by the arm , move she atongetae blanche , call into she ear trumpet , woodford you , mama , stan ! right here so you icin hear go . he survey the scene , look pleased . woodford everybody ready ? ( turn to Dick ) start the marryin' , dick ( uncertainly ) I reckon we get to kneei down pirst off , ( continued ) Rev. 7/15/74 he. to 23 continued = ( 2 ) : : 318 Dick wait for everyone to kneel -- then kneel himsel ?. dick dear God , we come together here before you to join together this white folk in wedlock , in holy matrimony . he look nervously at he father . woodford you. doin ! good , son . wo ges T deck . oe oreassure } a ! God , my sister blanche here , she stubborn . 0 God , thou ... blanche >» outrage , start to speak , Dick keep go , refuse to be interrupt . biancee dick whut call you get ... eee knowest she stubborn . Dick forges on , ignore the exchange , wocefose dick he be not talkin’ to you take it out of she heart , he 's talkin ! to god. god.ee dick eee take the stubborn streak she get right out and she heart . make she give in to she husban ' , God , a ? do whut he say and obey he command iike she have ought to . woodford you crave to git marry , keep that mouth of yourn shut ! he nod to Dick to continue . dick an? bless this service of marriage , o God , a ! make it , legal ant bindin ! on tem beth . an! bless I and my preachin ' a ! Charlie here , mean as he be , ant bless all hammond 's nigger a ! my pacal nigger , o God ... ( more ) ( continued } & continued = ( 3 ) : dick ( cont would ) ae increase tem and multiply ten ant make jem obey they master ... { sicodford ( impatient ) git on with it , son . you a-stringin ! ito dick ( nedd ) that all fer now , o ged ... cai not bethink of nothin ! else , jest do whut I be askin ' , 0 God , in Jesus ! rene . everybody say " amen " , all amen . dick reckon you kin stan ' up now , they rise to they foot . dick do you , hammend , take this lady , nane of blanche to be you lawful wedd wife , fer better or fer worse mo ! likely , in sickress a ! health , to love a ! proteck till death or distance do you part ? hammond yes , suh , dick an! you , blanche , do you accep ! this hammond here to be you lawful wedd husban ! fer better or fer worse , in sickmess a ! health , to love a ! obey without no back - talk till death cor distance goin ! to part you ? bianche T accep 's hin , . dick then ... I goin ! to announce you husban !t an! wife a ! may God have mercy on you scul , amen , ( continued ) 43 . 313 Zev , 7/15/74 , uk , 313 with es a ey cs} 33 continued - ( 4 ) : 313 Dick shake hammond 's hand . beatrix burst into tear . woodford ceam , blanche close she eye , tilt she head up , wait to be ussed . ai not you gel 5 kiss she ? wocdford hammond plague ... everybody lookin ! cn , everybody turn away . they all turn they back to hammond and blanche -= - and hammond finally kiss she . dick lordie ! I fergot the ringt ert , new orlean strezt - day . 31 '' establishing shot cf street , carriage , balcony . hammond '' and blanche , on they surrey , be drive down the street . the surrey be load with package and parcel , etc , ext , HOTEL ~ new oresan ~ day 32 hammond and blanche , swamp bereath pile of package , parcel , hat cox , draw up gaily on they surrey at the rotel entrance , int , HOTEL room - niget 33 the room be in great disarray with heaps of gowns , little hat and shoe scattered everywhere . blanche , radiant , laugh , hold the frock up against herself , one after another . hammond watch she , he expression tender and loving . bianche eee you reckon the red be purtier than the green ... on the new mizzuz maxwell ? she run to hammond , fling she arm around he neck , look at she new wedding ring . bianche itm so happy , hammond . a ' my ring , I love it ... it bigger and mama 's , he hug she , kiss she . blanche you like kissin ! 's I ? eammond yes . : bianche I crave you to do it . ( continued ) fav , 7/15/74 45 , tea ui continued : , 33 she cover he face with kiss , then she stop , look at he intensely , lower she eye , bianche whut we do next ? she look up at he expectantly . : fammond I do not rightly know . I mean ... with a wench I would mow , but with a white lady ... ( pause ) I guess we get to take off some clothin ' , ( pause ) not everythin' , of course . he start to undress she , / ext , palcony - HOTEL room - day . ; 34 hammond come out on the balcony , put on he jacket , then fully dress , he gaze blankly out over the roof of the city in the dawn light . he leok stricken , hag - gard , bianche ( 0.8 . ) whut fer you git up ? ee ' turn , enter the room , int , HOTEL room - day 8 blanche lie in bed , apprehensively watch hammond enter . he stare at she savagely . : hammond I caintt sleep , seem like , when I thinkin’ . : bian ! what : you thinkin' ? hammond I be thinkin ' , , , I be a-wonderin ! - eo whut man you have afore I . bianche . whure you git that zany notion , hammond ? ( continued ) nev . 7/15/74 aoa , 35 continued - ( a ) : : 35 she rise from bed , go to he , teuch he face , he recoil . you a-thinkin ' it do not mow a virgin when I sleeo with one a ! pleasure ? ( continued ) o we wa 46 , continued : ' 35 blanche I be too a virgin , hammond once , eut not las ! night . bianche hamrond maxwell , how kin you think sich a thing . ' there be not nooedy , I be pure ... tild you . hammond : might jest as well tell I who it be , I will kill the son-a-bitch . who pleasure you afore I ? blanche break down , weep . bianche you ' cuse I of something 's I never do , I never do it , never ... hammond coldly watch she cry . hammond you disgust I . he walk out , slamm the door , blanche throw herself on the bed , sobbing . ext . music academy = night 35 '' a handsome , commodious town house , its facade ornate with wringht iron decoration , balcony , french window , every window blaze with light -~ from the open one , the SOUND of voice , laughter and music stream into the night air , fashinably dress man , singly and in group of two or three be enter and leave the house , a carriage arrive as another leave -- and brownlee and hammond get out , enter the house . int , music academy - night 36 a spacious salon of gild elegance , beautiful girl circulate , laugh and joke with the customer of the bordello , a four girl orchestra -- piano , cello , violin , flute -- piays clessical music , in one corner , a black servant in a red , brocade jacket prepare frappes , every now and then a couple leave . the selon for a upstairs room , , ( continued ) o with ov at , continued : . 36 hammond , dazzle ard agape in he flamboyant set , sit next to brownlee on a divan , madame caroline , the madam of the Academy , pour champagne into they goblet . she be a blonde french woman with a effusive , calculate charm , madame caroline ( to hammond ) you father 's be unfaithful to I . de be one of my best customer ... tl1ll. a couple year ago . cause he to spill he drink , brownlee I tolt you ... you pa be a hell - raiser ! | madame caroline for Warren maxwell 's charming son , ' tonight be compliment of the house . ; . 4 brownlee slap hammond on the back heartily , almost . ' | she peck hammond on the cheek and leave . brownies you lucky divill I never get it free , never will , I s'puse . he look around at the woman greedily . brownlee Hell , I do not keer , all TI be sleepin’ with fer six month be one warty widder , I be goin ' to spen ' my money a ' buy I a purty , smooth young ‘un . a blonde girl , nineteen , white , overripe , come to they , sit on the arm of the divan , run she finger across hammond 's face . blonde honey , I be a-servin ' a ! a - pleasurin ' ol 's man all evenin ' , but I be a-watchin ! you baby face ever since you come in , plarnin ! how I goin ! to git to you . : hammond , still shake by he experience with blanche , be not interested , ( continued ) 36 48 , continued ~ ( 2 ) : , 36 hammond I be not a-feelin ! good , lady . blonde win fix that , honey , all over . erownles you do that all over stuff ? bionde fer somebody like hin , she kiss hammond 's ear . eammond I reckon not , lady . she 's not to the put off , begin ukiss hammond on the neck while he squirm . to close the matter , he choose a awkward excuse , eammcnd I be , .. I be on my ... honeymoon , blonde ( laugh ) thatts when a genrulman need some good lovin ! the. mostl brownlee he get the prettiest young piece fer a bride , right tack at the hotel ... a- waitin ' there , a-layin ! there ... blonde I kin show he thing he bride do not dream they do it on Mars whure they get creature with six arm and four mouth , she look at hammond who shake he head . brownlee he be not goin ' with you . I be goint with youl > e to not give hammond a final look , see he be not about to hange he mind . pout , she turn to brownlee . blonde ( resign ned ) well , come on , ( continued ) o uy ov continued - ( 3 ) : 36 she and brownlee go off , hamrmormd stare after they , look wretch , ext , ccurtyard - music academy ~- night 37 faecuin , a gigantic black -- the Academy 's night watch ~ want , in a gold - buttone , scarlet jacket -- pad up and down , through the light , balcony window , the festivity irside the Academy can be see and heard . eabouin pause to watch one sexual tableau -- a tangle of nude bedy , the bell on the street door ring but he igrore it , it ring again and babouin move reluc~ tantly to the door , open it , mede stand there , mede masta hammon ! maxwell tol ! I to come wait fer he here , pabouin niggers be not allow inside . mede you a nigger ... eabouin I Madame caroline 's slave . mede a ' I masta hammon 's slave , I be not no slave of the biggest whot in New Orleans , explede , babouin leap at mede , punch and kick . mede crash into the ground , then jump to he foot , blind with rage . he lower he head and charge babouin like a batter ram , babouin sidesten in time and mede , unable to check he rush , sprawl across the ground , babouin grab a chair and smashes it on mede 's head . mede manage to catch hold of he adversary 's leg and heave he over , they roll on the ground , strug - gling . . a girl 's scream be heard and suddenly the balcony be full of spectator , excited by the battle , Madame caroline appear on one of the balcony , madame caroline ( shouting ) . stop it , fasoult ! i'1l have you whinped to death . ves fall on deaf ear , babouin and mede continue no and gcuge each otner . ( continued ) o mn 37 50 , continued : : 37 madame caroldive ( look frantically about ) step they ... stop they ! hazmond aprear on a balcony , see the combatant . hammond mede ... mede ! stop ... stop , I tell you on ancther balcony , the marquis demarigny , a elegant : dandy , watch the fight gleefully . his companion , | iazare letoscan , clap he hand enthusiastically . demarigny ' no ... no ! let they fight ! a thousand , dollar to the winner of the owner . ! ( look toward . Madame caroline ) a thousard dollar to you , Madame caroline , if you man win . '' the offer be irresistible . Madame caroline subside , sit dewn in a chair on the balcony . other man on the balcony and in the courtyard begin to make they own bet . voice five hundred on eabouin ... the other one ... four hundred ... five hundred on the blackest ... he will kill he ... six hundred ... the savage fight continue , babouin , lash out fercciously , seem to have the advantage , mede 's blow sink into he opponent 's flesh as if he be punch a feather mattress , haemond watch fascinate -- he fight mandingo in action , finally , mede see he chance , land a mighty plow in the solar plexus , follow up with a barrage of punch to face ard bedy , babouin sag to the ground , unconscious , mede leap , stand on eabouin 's chest . the spectator rear . demarigny I proclaim mede the victor , surn , bow to Madame caroline , demarigny cherie , you have give we the most stimulate spectacle in year , ( continued ) 37 : 51 . continued = ( 2 ) : 37 she force a smile , hammond appear in the courtyard , ran up to mede , thrill , exultant , he slap mede on the back , put he arn around he , hammond gcod boy , medel that be right purty . he look at he , glew with admiration , hammond you hurtint ? | mede . ( proud and happy ) I feel jes* fine , masta , demarigny come up to then , demarigny whatever you pay for he , I will double it , hammond I pay four thousand , five hurdre . demarigny I will give you seven thousand , mede look quizzically at hammond -~ will he sell he ? hammond no , demarigny nine . nine thousand . hammond he 's not fer sale , mede smile with satisfaction , a private smile , elate by the value hammond place on he . he lock at hammond gratefully , respectfully . and hammond sense this -- suddenly there be a bond between they , something far - exceed master and slave , demarigny . then he must fight my man , topaz . 4 baw mmond turn to mede , as though ready to do the un - thodex thing of ask a slave 's wish , then he turn ck to demarigny , ( continued ) nev , 6/3/74 92 . by 33 continued = ( 3 ) : , 37 hammond '' 11 right . demarigny in two month , perhaps three , here , ( supercilious ) I advise you -= - train hin well . he go . a bdlack servant appreach with a tray of frappes , hammond take ore , start to sip it -- then offer it to the panting , exhaust mede . mede take phe drink with a expression of wonder at this remarkable eatuent , ext , countryside ~ day : 38 hammond 's surrey =~ blanche beside she husband in front and mede in the : back surround by box amd baggage -- travel smartly along road lead past the wellace Plantation back to falconhurst . the tension and rancor between hammond and he wife be almost palpable . every so often he glance at she hatefully . finally , he break into silence , - hammond my papa , we mus not tell hin nothin ! ' bout whut 's happen between we , he lean toward she , lower he voice so mede can not hear , hammond . he be not never goin ! to lmow ... never ... you wa not pure , blanche hammond , I swear it . you get to believe I be ... hammond bust he heart . Bus ! it right open -- thinkin ! of falconhurst goin ? to the son of a ... he can not utter the terrible word that come to mind . he falis silent for a few moment . : hammond we- all marry , ai not nothin ' we kin do , he whip the horse fiercely and the surrey spurt forward . rev . 7/15/74 53. ~ 39 ext , waliace fiantation - day 39 v4 from the move surrey , esmmond observe the black woman work the field , suddenly alert , he look intently for sometaing or someore . another angle ellen watch the surrey pass , she eye on hammond , bright and happy -- but then clouding with sadness as she vlew blanche at he side , for a moment hammond 's and ellen 's eye meet , then she turn away tremble . 40 _ ext , waliace piantation house - day . . 4o hammond rein in the horse as the surrey reach the house blanche lock , at he questioningly -- and he seem uneasy . stas nya bianche . whut fer we. stoppin ! here ? hammond hoss be tired , mede ... git they some water , at mede do as hammond order while hammond walk to the ~ entrance of the house , wallace appear at the door and the two man go inside , 41 ext , fieid - wallace piantation - day : al hammond and wallace walk toward the woman work a the fleld , elien among they , wallace '' mista brownlee come by < -- get a nigger of . yourn he 's . sryint to sell I .. cicero . hammond he 's & troublemaker . ( cowr mne ) sot . 24 he 7/15/74 5h . continued : ' al waliace do not mind that kind . I like to tame them , teo many nigger risint a-haopenin ' , Virginia , the carolinas , 'specially Georgia . folk still astalkin ? abcut that nat turrer , ant they aboliticnist sreakin ' down here , totin ! that liberator newspaper of garrison 's ees duttin ' idee in they head , within earshot of the woman now , wallace call out . wallace ellen ! ellen ! yes , I be talkin ' to you . come here , . / she run toward the man , fearful but expectant . ' hammond tches : she almost shyly . : nee oe waliace masta hammond crave tc buy you . you want to go with he ? ellen be speechless with happiness , she stare at hammond , then st nellace and tack to hammond . she nod . wallace ( grin ) git you bundle . she run off toward the slave cabin . waliace I be happy you get she , she 's a fancy girl ... too pretty . she would a-=gone to some sportin ' gentleman who would use she awhile then sell she again , they walk . toward the house . ext , waliace piantation house - day hammond climb into the driver 's seat of the surrey , feign nonchalance , ellen come racing toward the survey , clutching she bundle of rag and tatter , almost trip in she haste , reaching the surrey , she stand and wait meekly , blanche watch with camy eye . ke ( continued ) nev , 7/15/74 35 + 52 continued : : he , '' hammond git in the back . mede , shift over eee a ! do not touch she ! Zlene otey ina flash , the surrey surge forward -- hammond flick the horse with the whip , a light - heartedness in he gesture , blanche by now have sense something . blanch who that wench ? hammond a slave I buy ... some time tack , bianche she fer the mandingo ? ° fammond bn she be not . . soe blanche drop the subject , but as the surrey speed along the country lane , she turn to stare at ellen curl up among the pile of baggage . blanche 's eye *~ pierce the girl like knife erd ellen shrink beck , se overcome by uneasiness , 43 ext , falconhurst piantation - day 43 the surrey cover to last stretch cf ground lead to the house , eammond ae ( proudly ) - falconhurst . blanche : ( disappointed ) bo os ' this it ? S 's hammond this it ! he look at she sharply , annoyed . another angle . the surrey drav up in front of the verde . lucrezia borgia waddle over to it , meg , alph , Lucy and 4 agamemnon come run up . . ( continued ) 56 . continued : : 43 iucrezia eorgia oh , vasta ... masta hammon ... an! this be the new miz ... be not she curty ! e embrace eammond as he get down for the surrey . a she threws she arm around blanche , who detach nersel ? as scon as she can , iucrezta eborgia ever serce you mama die , I be wantin ? ' nother purty white mist 'ess . , . an’ now I get I onel maxwell appear on the threshhold , tearful with emotion at hammond 's return with a bride , maxwell ( tremulous ) Ham ... Ham ... | hammond run to hin , embrace he warmly , then point to blanche who have follow he to the door , hammond this cousin blanche . you daughter now , papa . married a ? everythin’ . maxwell draw she close and kiss she forehead , maxwell welcome home to falconhurst , my dear . he do not see she frown at the word " home " , maxwell taintt fine- haire like crowfoot , put it right comfortin ' , come in , come insa . but as he turn to lead they inside the house , he spy mede unload packege from the surrey , maxwell a mandingo ! you trung home a mardingo ... | a bride and a mandingo ! ee start cut toward mede . hammond stop he with a hand on he shoulder . : hammond tater , papa . you see he later . they go in the house , bev. 7/15/74 57 . cH int , sitping room - falconhurst - day a blanche , enter , gaze arcurd with bitter disappoint - ment at the bleak , grey room with its sparse , shabby urnishing bianche to hanmond ) the new house ... whure you goin ! to make it ? hammond ver to the east ... iffn we build it . - maxwell we will build it ... we 'li build it . a house fine enough fer a fine lady . meg carry a tray of steaming hot . teddy into ' the room . hannord and maxwell . take they drink . blanche : ( outrage ) corn ? you. drink corn in this house ? maxwell ( shame - face ) Medicine , jest medicine fer ay rheuratiz . at ( loftily ) I be temp tance , ( look at hammond drink ) you get rheumatiz , too ? maxwell hammond be tired from the journey . blanche watch the two man drink , calculate . - bianche : my head dee ache I awful , a~ jeuncin’ in that surrey , . maxwell ( eagerly ) a toddy sovereign ’fer a headache he hold out a toddy from the tray . blanche look at it with extravagant disdain . ( continued ) es '' continued : maxwell tt?3 vile , it 's a sin ... but it 's sovereizn fer a neadache , blanche daintily accept the glass , sniff it . bianche it smell right awful . maxwell it medicine ... drink it dewn , blanche take a tiny sip , then another , she notice hammond stare at she with surprise and displeasure , bianche it taste awful , tec ... but it do ease my head ... lucrezia borgia enter , push tense into the reom . tense be & pretty , lignt -skin girl in a sack - 1ike rock , iwcregia borgia go on in there , nobody not goin to do nothin’ to you . this yo ! ren mist 'ess , curtsy to she , nice - ike , tense curtsy , frighten , she eye on hammond . hammond ( to blanche ) she all yourn . how you like she ? bianche ( incense ) she 's you wench , that plain , hammcnd do not talk so ... front of papa . biancee the way she roll she eye towards youl hammond . I be not never touch she . bianche oscoff ) a purty one like that ... an’ you be not never touch she ! ( continued ) fe or 59 continued - ( 2 ) : : a maxwell hammond ... blanche , .. ! ijcrezia eorgia miz blanche , tense pure yet , you kin feel fer yer own self , blanche gasp , turn away haughtily . hammond you do not like this one ... go through the cabin , take you . pick. , | bianche ; ( coldly ) all right , this one good as any . I reckon you have tem all , hammond ( pointedly ) you do not s'pose that ... I ... was. , no virgin , blanche flush , regret she embark on the subject . maxwell try to allay the tersion in the room , gc to elanche , . maxwell you all peter out , fretful ... a- marryin ' and a-ridin ' , some rest ... do you good . ( to tense ) tense , you show she the way . blanche follow tense out of the room , maxwell go to hammond . maxwell ° Son , I be content ... right content . she 's a beautiful lady , now , whure that mandingo ? hammond smile . ext , falconhurst ecuse - dusx 45 ma@e ard ellen stard by the surrey . . hammond and mexwell come out of the house . lLucrezia eorgia follow they , wait on the veranda . . ( continued ) . 60 . 45 continued : 45 '' maxwell . ( incredulous ) tord be praise ! {then doubtful ) zou sure he pure ? De not want no half . hammond I get he paver , maxwell shuffles over to mede , see the bruise ard cut en he bedy . maxwell what happen to he ? hammond | he fight ... ard win . goin ! to fight again soon after I train hin , maxwell ( worried ) he look ruint . his testicles ... they be not be tear off ? a eammond no.e. he 's fine , eung so big , he tear the wench . maxwell neds , pleased . ' maxwell a little bacon rindi fix that . ( turn to lucrezia porgia ) iucrezia borgia , se not ? fer Big Pearl . ( to hammond } might as well put them together right auaye eammond ( overlap , amciously ) no ... papa . mede 's still tired out eee hurtin 's , mede tai not tired , masta , I be ready . ee say you tired , you tlred . do not dispute . — . ( continuzd ) o Rev. 7/15/74 45 continued - ( 2 ) : hammond iucrezia borgia , take he in the kitchen and gill nim up right good ee . 2ll he kin eat , make he swaller half a dozen raw egg ... eight or ten ee» . stir tem up a ! make he drink fem down after he do et hisseif full . tucrezia borgta I pour ‘em egg gown or I choke he silly . mede follow iucrezia borgia to the kitchen pulide . hammond take maxwell by the arm , draw he aside , out of ellen 's hearing , hammond pepa , this worryin' . he take out a fold document , give 1 % to maxwell who examine it , maxwell I see whut botherin’ you , fammond ( nodd ) paper say mede the brother of Big Pearl ... Lucy he ma. maxwell they do not kmow . mede be jest a sucker when he be solid . _ hammond papa ... that be incest . maxweil ( sternly ) Works sovereign with animal , work fine with nigger . jammond whut you do , the sucker . turn out a@ monster ? maxwell snuff it out . Son , you get to git certain idea cutn you head , he glance ever at ellen approvingly , maxwell fow much you pay fer she ? hammond 2 Fifteen hundred , ( cewrmaatmn } 61 . D a e 62. continued - ( 3 ) : : as maxwell ( surprised ) yifteen hundred for a wench ?! hammond ( defensive ) I fancie she a ' I buy she . shet goin ! to be my bed wench , maxwell look searchingly at hammond , sense hammond 's regard for ellen . ' maxwell blanche be not a-goin ' to like that . ; hammond you say you own self , a white lady do not relish much pesterin' ... maxwell a white lady do not like she husban ! gittin ' tender ' bout a wench , neither , hammord redden , flustered and upset by he father 's acuteness . : mis , blanche's rocm - night 46 tense be help blanche undress as hammond enter . blanche whure she sleep ? hammond Foot of the bed . whurever you like . bianche no . not right in the room . hammond we be not goin’ to do nothin ! this evenin ' , he pick up two satchel from the mound of baggage and package , ° blanche . ai not you sleepin ! here ? hammond deesnit answer . ( continued ) o 63 . conpiued + oo ov 3 biat vou content you night ? che wife cryin’ ail she see hammond be not about to change he mind . blanche ( a calculate smile ) aut you papa think ? hammond he and mama have separate reom -- will not make he think we be not happy together . bianche ( a threat ) I will tell hin . hammord gaze at she venomously , ' then he motion to tense . hammond tense , you step outside a secon 's , he wait for tense to leave , hammond ( sarcastic ) whut you tell he ... that you have someone afore I ? stung , blanche subside into silence . hammond when you decide to say who pleasure you afore I ... I might treat you better , I jest might ... he take he bag and start to go . bianchs ( murderously ) you goin ' to that wench , ellen ? hammond leave without answer . tense re-enter and blanche take she anger out on the girl , bianche git out ] git out ! you be not stayin ! in this room with I ! tense run out terrify . tet . 3 6/3/74 64 , ont , nitchen - salconhurst piantation - night 47 mede be eat and drink . lucrezia eorgia , meg and aliph , agamemnon , and dite be gather arourd he , curious about the newcomer , ellen be there , too , a newcomer , bus receive no attenticn . , mede man ready to give masta harmont nine thousan ! dolier fer be ... masta hammon ! say no , agamemnon ' you do lose ... he trade you fer ' a cripple dog . : _iworezia eorgia mem , you a-startin ' agin ! agamemnomn . a white man like to think , gat to think ... a nigger a animal , more you ack like a animal , more he say you worth , mede ( get argry ) you talxint like a dumb anizal , right now ! mede , furious , start rise from he chair , iucrezia borgia put a restrain hand on he shoulder . iucrezia borgia Don ! you let he a-rile you . mem be not get no sense to keep he thought to hissel ?. meg ce mem think the white mn a divil monster , . / agamemnon ( furious ) you.don !? : ( cont inued ) xx = 7/15/74 continued : 65 . l7 qwcrezia borgta ( laugh ) ai not never see you tell a white man to he white face he a divil monster ... fer all yer mouthin ' , msde it alluz git good treatin ! from my white mastas , dite proud I git gocd treatin’ , take agamemnon ( scornful ) cuz you young , purty a ! gocd at pleasure , ( to mede ) ant cuz you bigger and blacker ant all mandingo , but you stiil 2 slave ... doin ! they work , a-taki n’® they order , a-carryin ! they shit eee ant goin ! to a early grave the white man dore dig fer you when you be barn , ( pause ) that thinkin ' never come into yo ! haid ? mede ( slowly ) it come ... I do not let it stay there , haemend and maxwell enter . hammond wantin ' anythin ' , mede ? mede I get all I need , masta , maxwell ( to lucrezia borgia ) hin to sleep with Big fearl , you hush , : tine . cot to breed he to see . ( continued ) o Rev. 6/3/74 56 , continued = ( 2 ) : : ig hammond capitulate , but still show concern , hammond ( to lucrezia borgia ) you tell Lucy to put pack on he face , git rid of they bruise , , icrezia borgir somebody better teil Lucy to let Big fearl have hin first . maxwell . I 'l tell she right proper . good night , son . hammond kiss he father and maxwell leave with mede and lucrezin eorgia . dite come up to hammond . hammond : : you. stay here , dit . I get meat new wench , dite say nothing , but she sturm face reveal she pain , bammond but you go on bein 's 2 house servant . with a sucker in yeu , I do not want you tirin ' yourself , dite its thankee , masta hammont , suh . hammond ellen ... you come with I , ellen , flushed with shame , fellow hammond out of the room , dite watch she go , eye slitted . agamemnon study dite with perverse amusement , dite see he look at she -~ and the mock look in he eye triggers she raging jealousy , she sweep she arm violently across the table , deliberately send several plate crash to the floor , agamemncn dite you be not sirose to be - dea '' a anizal be not get no feelin't , cuz you get masta haomon 's sucker in yo ! belly , you reckon he kee ( continued ) 3/3/74 67 . continued = ( 3 ) : : av dite cover she Pace with she hand , begin to cry . mit , es eqmmond be rccm - zalconhurst ~ night 48 candlelight throw flicker shedow against the wall . haemord lie naked in bed , watch meg wash ellen who sit in a rourd tub of steaming water . ellen step from the tud and meg , pout with resentment , begin to towel she dry . eammond after you dry she , you git in , goo.ee Water 's still hot , meg I don 's crave to wash in she water , masta , suh ... tt want yourn . the boy 's impudent refusal annoys hammond . he grab he and pitch he in the tub , clothes and all . hammond when I say wash , you washf meg scramble out of the tub , érip with water , run from the room , eammond lock efter he with a gentle smoke , then walk to ellen , embrace she tenderly , hammond this whure we goin ! to sleep , every night . elien ' you jes ? wed , masta ... - hammond do not think ' bout she ... he caress ellen , trace she feature with he finger tip . . : eet g ss eammond I never think it afore ... & black wench be more beautiful than a white lady ... more - peautiful ... . he kiss she . eliminated : hg & Zev. 7/15/74 68 , elimdia ted : 50 ext , veranda - falconburst ecuse - day 51 hammond and maxwell be seat . maxwell teing shave by agamemnon , aloh be curl about maxwell 's foot . meg be serve hot teddy , blanche enter , maxwell iucrezia fixi not you breakfast ? bianche yes . she be , maxwell ( warmly ) sit here by you fa , lass . how be you first night at falconhurst ? bianche ai not : slep !t - a wink , maxwell ( flustered ' but pleased ) foolish question , that be , Ham , after lunch you take she ridin’ to see the plantation , ( look out at the sky ) aintsé goin ? to rain -- jest threatenin ' , agamemnon it could still , masta . agamemnon realize at once he 's blund -- contra - dict he master , all present stare at he as 3 , though he 's commit @ major crime . x . maxwell whut you say ? . agamemnon '' ( a croak} I say it could not still rain , masta . not today . not ever . hammond ani maxwell laugh . bianche you jest laugh , you let hin git away like that ! you treat you nigger too gocd . ( continued ) pev. 7/15/74 69 . sl continued : 51 o hammond ve. treat tem as they cought to be treat , blanche yeu talk like they abolitionist up North , ( conrmven ) UI no 70 , continued : eammond an! you talk like a kmow -all . he stalk avay , walk to he horse , mount and canter maxwell hammond ! hammond ! ( turn to blanche ) it too soon to be a-pickin ' quarrel . ( then scothing ) tomorrer , he will take you reun ! the farm . bianche no . no , he will not , maxwell look surprised at she response , bianche hammord ! 11 always have something ! more important to do than vother thout I . maxwell 's eye shew concern , then he look upward as heavy reirdron begin fall on the roof of the veranda , suddenly , it 's a deluge . maxwell leok peevish , turn to agaaemnon , . maxwell mem , I be a-likin ' you less every day . agamemnon try to suppress a smile . ext , falconhurst flantaticn - day 52 a bright , sunny day , hammond gallop on he horse == with mede run swiftly in he wake , light - foote and graceful , hammond whip he horse , increase speed . he shout back to mede . hammond - come cn , mede ... you kin do better *n that . he rein in the horse near the house -- ard throw mede a piece of cloth as he come rurning up , drench with sweat , : hammond : do not want you to git the chill afore the fight . ( continued ) Rev. 6/3/74 tl. 52 o 53 5h 55 ' oe 56 o continued : , 52 mede dry himself while hammond watch he with admiration . he take the cloth and dry off mede 's back , eammond you a lucky buck ... able to run like that . biance at wwodow . 53 of the house watch hammord minister to he slave -- she face fill with resentment -- and then contempt . ext , another area ~ falconhurst piantaticn - day 54 hammond , on horseback , watch mede , bare to the waist , hack . violently with a axe at the trunk of a huge tree . the trunk split ard the tree crash to the ground . hammond smile , . ext , cotton fieids ~ falconhurst - tay — 55 mede drag a heavy plow he be yoke to by heavy leather thongs . hammond walk alongside , ' they pass several slave pick cotton -- who see mede end begin to snicker derisively . hammond go on laughin ! , .. a ! I will have you yoke to a plow till you grow horn like a ox , ext , falconmurst piantation - night 56 mede and vulcan , a massive mulatto , struggle fiercely , roll over and over on muddy ground , wrestle and punch , hammond watch with agamemon , finally hammond gesture to agamemnon who then fling a bucket ef water on the contestant , signal the fight be over , they rise , separate , hammond right purty , mede . you a~comin ! along fine . ( turn to agamemnon ) tell Lucy and lucrezia borgia to rub hin down good , agamemhon yas , suh , masta haomon ' , ( continued ) bev. 7/15/74 oi i 6 72 . continued : , 56 hammond leave . agamemnon turn to look at mede , who be scraping mud away from he arm and torso . agamemno ? you doin ! good , mede , gittin ! to be a better and better white man 's fightin ! animal , meyras he teach you to growl , grunt a ! bark ... mede , angry , flick some mud at . agamemnon , agamemnch when you goin ! to learn the coler of yo ! sicin , mede ? des ! as soon 's you stop . puttin ? on.yo ! smilin ! face with maate hammon 's . he walk away . : int , sitting rcom - falconhurst house - night 57 hammond enter the recom , look tired cut happy , then he see blanche , glass in hand , seat teside he father , she try to put the ss gown cefore hamnond see it . . hammond you temp ’ance like en old drunk . maxwell ( excuse she ) blanche be not settle dewn here yet ... ant you aintt helpin' , ignerin ! she . *. biance wy ( saucily ) . thankee > papa Warren , she pick up she drink defiantly and sip it . maxwell eow you fightin ? tuck do ? ° hammond near break that vuleant neck , ( contriued ) uw will 73 . 57 continued : blanche you a ! you nigger , do not you ever talk acout nothin ? else . my feo eammonnd ( cut she off ) you pa bust ... | blanche , deflate , take a hasty swallow , spill some on she dress , mortify , she hurry from the room , maxwell go after she , Ham , she you wife . hammord stand unmove . maxwell ( harshly ) go ! hammord reluctantly leave , int , bianche's room - falconhurst house - night 58 blanche tear off she clothes , zet in bed under the sheet . hammond enter , look at she , scowl . bianche my head goin ! roun ' 's a ! rou no. hammond 's gaze be chilly , unfeel , hammond you jest drunk , bianche I take that toddy fer courage ... to tell you whut I be a-thinkin ' aee qnteeiin ' , hammond ... you be not touch I ... hammond ... do not you want to pleasure I ... ? she fling away the sheet , revealing herself naked , she grasp he wrist , . ( continued ) a ww 7h , continued : . 58 hammond you sure a strange kind of white iady . pull he hand away and walk out . blanche grab e glass from the table and drain the rest of the iquer , int , icy's cabin - falconeurst piantation - day 59 mede lie on the bed while iucy and Big fearl rub he bedy with a foul-smelling cintment . lucrezia borgia watch critically , hammond anid mexwell , hold the ointment bottle , supervise . . hammond harder , work it in ... twist the jint . he will not come apart . llucrezia borgia shove the two woman aside , iucrezia borgia stant back ... I show you howt she tmeel on the ted , then slide she arm under mede and flip he over like a pancake , she begin mead and pummelling he without mercy , mede mcan with pain . tucrezia borgia stay quiet , black boy ! she take the bottle from maxwell , pour a flood on mede 's back , give the bottle back to maxwell , continue weed , pound mede . hammond . it smell like skunk shit , must '' be good stuff . maxwell ( read bottle label ) doetor mulbach 's serpent oil ... sovereign elixir to promote the puissance of the nusculature and the flexation of the articulative process , use by the world 's foremost acrobat ard pugilist ... and the sultan cf Turkey ... iucrezia borgia ( to Big Pearl set on he back a ! nol ’? he down , I goint to stretch he limb , ( continued ) ww gg ov oo ver ) continued : 59 Big Pearl climb on mede ' 's back , inerezia seize one of he leg and bend it up and back , mede grunt with agony . iucrezia borgia eollerin ! win ! git you nothin ' , . jes ! make I bend you higher up . it give he leg a sharp warning shove , then she 's can '' clutches she telly , E iucrezia borgia I think ny sucker a-comin ' , she look at maxwell , a wide smile on she face . ext , falconrurst house .- day 60 a huge copper cauldron of steaming water stand on the lawn , Lucy and meg feed the fire beneath it with arn - ful of log , hammond walk up with mede who be remove he shirt . maxwell join they , sit down in a chair alph bring from the veranda , to watch the show , bammond ( to mede ) in you git . mede remove he trousers , eyeing the steaming cauldron fearfully . then he edge carefully , slowly into the brine . mede ( grcane ) it hot , masta ... hammond plunge he hand inte the cauldron , draw it back , hammond ( wine ) the brine awful hot , papa . maxwell get to be -- to toughen he hide . hammond / ( doubtful ) . reckon it could soften he instead . ( continued ) 6 ccntived : 60 o q maxvel S 's all right ... jest so it be not 1 or scaldinit , they ol ! Roman salted they fightin ! slave , meds T cai not stand it , masta hammont see it hurtl maxwell you stay there , you get skin lige a sucker now , a champeen puck would rip you open , hammond watch uneasily , share mede 's pain , then walk away . sl dy ? , hammchd be rocm - falconhurst house - night ' 6 L hammond lie on he bed while ellen fan he with a falmetto branch , hammond tine twas a little saplin ' , ~ llucrezia borgia use to fan I to sleep , ellen ( anxious , hesitant ) iucrezia porgia ... she say I tmeck , . eammond look at she , troubled -- a inner conflict stir - ring . ellen she say I missin ! my time of month , hammond whut she know ? elien she have twenty - five sucker ... ceuntin ! the new one , this register on hammond , he begin to explore ellen 's breast , gently predd . . ellen they itch-like ant ache a little . =e ) hammond mayhao she right . ( continued ) 77 . él continued : 61 oo ne ellen ( vegin to ery ) how you will not be a-wantin ' I , .. be givin ! I to one of the fiel ? ha n's , , . or sellin’ I ... hammond take she in he arn , hammond ellen , honey . I be not a-givint you away ever . you ... mine . ellen ( marvel ) you be not mad ... ? fammncnd this how mad I be , he kiss she , ellen look at hin timidly , then speak . ellen sut you ... you be a-goin ! to sell we sucker , * bammond hosee tno ... it aintt , wo not do that neitcrer , ellen , ellen ( testing ) you goin’ to sell dite 's sucker , hammond that different , we sucker ... we keep he , raise he right here at falconhurst . ellen smile happily . hammond look pleased . hammond nat make you glad ? she neds , then she face grow solemn , hammon ! , , , hammon ' , . , kin I ast you sometnin ' , .. ? hammond neds . ( continued ) o bliew ( nervously ) veen we sucker grow up ... could 7 he ... go free ... you give he he freedom ? hammond ( snocked ) you crave to be free ! ellen be terrify , say nothing , eammcnd ( a accusation ) you crave to be free ?! ellen ( faintly ) to . hammond then whut fer you want the sucker to be free ?! a ( nick she word J careful fer , .. rar a buck ... a coy chile «+. & lot of misery don ! happen to he ... don ! git whupped when the to want to whup you , don ! git pen on a vatch of land like 2 big , never kin go nowhure ... cai not learn to read cr write isssen he git teat or kill ... she pause , intimidate by eanmond 's stern , furious > > expression , ellen hammon ' , , , hamuon ' ... fergit ' bout it . this be the pi : * tiesgredel : have just wisn -- and tehedly , cake cn bw nev. 6/3/74 / 79/80 . continyed - ( 3 ) : 61 ) hammond % mean that much to you ... ? ( pause ) ellen ... ellen , all right ... the sucker*ll go free , I promise you eo . the sucker kin go free . he take she in he arm . 62 eldatnated : 62 63 ext , falconeurst house ~ day . 63 a festival atmosphere . slave bustle about help Big Pearl and agamemnon load baggage intc a carriage that stand in front of the veranda . Doc redfield arrive on horseback , turn he horse over to a slave . hammond appear , walk toward redfield . maxwell come ont . of the house with lucrezia borgia , who help he into the carriage , maxwell I be trustin' falconhurst to you while we go . do not be spendin ! a . all you time with you sucker = now , the slave suddenly break into applause as mede arrive . he beam with all the attention and admiration . redfieid ( to hammond ) you get he train real good ? hammond : ( uneasily ) reckon he could use another two week , F a I fine , masta , I whup any fighter ycu want , Doc redfield climb into the carriage . hammond and mede start to follow he when ... blanche appear , come out - of the house , she be a bit unsteady on she foot , prettily dress , carry a parasol and a hat box , behind she , tense carry two travel bag . hammond , see blanche , look unpleasantly surprised . a hush fall over the crowd . ( continued ) 81 . 63 continued : , 63 on ls bianche ( to tense ) fut they bag in the carriage , she over - erunciate to conceal the drunken slur in she speech , hammond blanche ... a nigger fight be not no place fer a white lady . ' bianche I will be goin ' to the dressmaker . ' yourall kin watch the nigger fight . , : : maxwell you be not well , lass . it 's a long journey . bianche I feel fine . hammond cai not you see ... there be not no room in the carriage . - ( deadly ) you be not goin ! , blanche , with a defiant toss of she head , blanche march in frent of the norse , dump herself on the ground , sit - ' ting in the path of the carriage . bianche iffn I be not goin ' , you be not goin ' , hammond ( icy ) lucrezia borgia ... Lucy ... drag she inside . the two woman stand freeze , shocked by hammond 's request to use viclence on they white mistress -~ ard afraid to do so . . hammond . go on , I say . the woman start tcward blanche , take she by the arm and oull she across the ground toward the houss , ~ ( continued ) 82 , continued - ( 2 ) : 63 hammond and do not give she no more corn ! 2 whip the horse and the carriage move off , driving away from the house , he see ellen watch and wave co odbye to she , can pt xt , music academy courtyard - night 64 ty ofaz , a tower , muscular black -- scar and break eeth testify to he fight experience -- squat cn a stool in one corner of the ring . demarigny and tazare letoscan stand beside he , they be surround by a boisterous throng of New Orleans young blood . be cpposite be mede , hammond , maxwell and redfield . maxwell , excited and lively , look up at the baicony crowded with elegantly dress man and the stylish giris of the Music Academy , he grin at Madame caroline who be circulate collect bet . ' then a buxom redhead recognize maxwell and blow hima kiss , another girl , a@ curvy mulatto , wave to maxwell , he wave back , a wick leer on he face , then sigh nostalgically . lazare letoscan walk to the center of the ring . he raise he arm for silence . tazare messieur ... et ... madame .. , you attention , please , he wait for the crowd to quiet down . tazare . this evening , through the kindness and gracious hospitality of New Orleans ! pre-eminent patroness of . all manly and recreational sport ... iam allude to Madame caroline ... he gesture toward Madame caroline and the crowd cheer and applaud . . tazare «+» this evening , we be privileged to witness a epic battle between mister hammond maxwell 's slave mede ... the crowd again apolaud enthusiastically , hammond whisper something to mede who then stand and bow awkwardly . ( continued ) nae 83 . ued : 64 4 contii tazare ae. and the slave belong to Marquis eernard demarigny ... topaz ... demarigny bow ... to a new burst of applause , iazare «+e. champion of the Island of Jamaica ... another angie while lazare go on with he announcement , demarigny take a small phial contain a white powder from he pocket . he hand it to topaz who place it to he nostril and inhale deeply , demarigny if you win ... you will get more . topaz I amgoint to win ... across the ring hammond watch astound , he turn anxiously to Red - field , redfield do not worry . make he wild at first ... but it will not las ' , they countin ' on winnin ! quick . hammond glance nervously across the ring at topaz , then turn back to mede , . hammond you fight slow , mede ... wear hin out . he put he hand encouragingly on mede 's shoulder but he eye be heavy witn concern , fack to iazare in the center of the ring . . iazare very well ... let they fight ! topaz leap into the ring , skip about friskily . hede 's step be slower , weight , then he stand sn no continued ) o 54 eh , continued ~ ( 2 ) : 64 with he leg apart , he fist raise in a clumsy defense , another angie hammond turn he gaze from the figher to redfield . hammond ( panicky ) that topaz a seasoned fighter . mede cai not whup he noway ... another angle topaz dance around mede , strike out with he long arm , break through mede 's defense at will . power - ful blow smash into mede 's rigfit eye , make it swell . more blow and mede 's lip split , blood gush down he chin , mede be urable to counter , he absorb more punch -~ it be not a fight but a flog . the spectator begin to jeer . now topaz curse and taunt mede as he pound he , then mede advance -~ make no attempt to protect himself -~ ard deliver a mighty punch straight to the crucifix tattoo in the center of topaz 's chest . topaz stagger cack , mede follcw with another punch ... and topaz crash to the ground . mede leap on top of topaz . but topaz extricate he arn , claw at mede 's flesh , draw blood -- and jump to he fset . mede start to rise but topaz fell he with a blow to the head . the audience rear approval , maxwell be bounce up and down in he chair with excitement , enjoy the fight , seemingly unconcern about mede 's plight . but hammond look stricken , he hand clench . mede reach out , grab topaz 's leg and bring he down . topaz try to kick mede in the groin <= but mede roll away in time . mede stumble to he foot ... plunge at tovaz , slamm he ' mee into topaz 's face , topaz scream with pain , but lock he arm around mede , pull he down ard sink he tooth into mede 's ear lobe , half - rip it off , then topex crash one devastating blow after another into mece 's bleed face . omord cantt tear it any longer , take @ step forward saoute . ( conpinued ) Rev. 7/15/74 8. a4 continued ~ ( 3 ) : 64 oo ss hammond i. yield the fight ! I '11 pay the bet ! Doc redfieid pull he back and he cry be lose in the din of the crowd . mede manage to wrap he arm around topaz , momentarily halting the punch , pant , exhaust , the two fighter roll . from side to side of the ring -~- force spectator to jump away to avoid they . topaz jam he elbow into mede 's kidney and neck , shove mede 's head into the turf , . ms the end seem near for mede. , for a flash instant , he catch sight of hammond 's anguish eye and hear maxwell 's voice , . . : : I maxwell . '' mede ... keep a-goin 'l you kin whup he ! : mede respond with e last superhuman effort -- a sledge - . hammer blow to topaz 's temple == then fall back . topaz a. stay cn top of he , pin he to the ground . lazare enter the ring to declare victory for topaz . but suddenly mede fling he arm around topaz , pull he body down tight egainst himself , he jaw work against topaz 's neck , topaz shriek , choke , and he bedy shudder convulsively , he leg twitching , _ lazare return to he corner -- the fight be still on . second tick by ... the pair lie still , topaz on top . lazare enter the ring again -- topaz apparently the victor , he pull topaz off mede -- but topaz be limp as a rag doll , blood spurting from he neck , he jugular vein severe , he be dead , : mede try to rise but drop back into the dust . his lip and tooth be stain with blood . hammond rush up to he , incredulous . hammond we win ! we kill he ! another angie lazare ietoscan raise he arm to announce the outcome . lo tazare I declare mister hammond maxwell 's mede ... the winuer ! ( continued ) sy ov or 86 . continued - ( 4 ) : : 64 another angle the crowd roar , maxwell be on he foot screeching , Men exchange money , settle bet with each other ard Madame caroline , ldemarigny walk over to topaz , gaze contenmptuously at the body . demarigny somebody haul this heap of merde away . another angle redfield sling a bucket of water over mede who be kmeel - ing on the. ground . hammond try to heave he to he foot , redfleld give mede a pint of whiskey . hammond drink it . maxwell come over , radiant , maxwell demarigny jest offer ten thousan ' dollar fer mede . hammond I aintt a-sellin ! he to make he fight agin . maxwell ( amaze ) ten thousan ' doller ... hammond ( furious ) always you wantin’ a mandingo . now you crave to sell he ... ! he turn to mede an€ look over mede 's bloody , lacer - ated face and body -- and he eye fill with pain and guilt . he put he arm around mede , start to lead he off . they pass two man drag the body of topaz away . mede look at topaz . for a moment , horror and bewilder - ment flash in he eye -~ then he look quickly away . int , bianche's rocm - falconeurst House ~ night 65 the room be in wild disarray . blanche lie sprawle across the bed , she eye burn with drunken fury . suddenly she reach out , seize a glass from the ( continued ) Rev. 7/15/74 87 . 65 continued : : 65 C ) bedside table , gulp dew its content -- and fling it ~ blindly to the floor , ' then she rise ard scream hysterically , bianche tensel tensei tense run in terrify . bianche bring I that wench ... that slut eo ellen ... | tense hesitates , she frighten eye rivete on she _mmistress , blanche stagger toward she menacingly . bianche : fetch her , I say ... fetch her ! she swing she arm to slap tense and miss , tense run out of the room , blanche totter over to a chest of drawer and rummages around -- finally find a riding crop . she begin to lash the bed crazily , then the furniture , the wail , : int , haliway outside bl : e's roc = falcomnurst 66 house . - night R fearfully , tense and Zlene walk toward the bedroom door . ellen stop panic-stricken in front of the door , then tense shove she into the room , 87 int , bianche's rocm - falconhurst house - night 67 the girl enter the room , be horrify to see blanche brandish a whip . blanche stare viciously at ellen . bianche git off they clothes , wench ... ali of ten : : tenge ( barely audible ) miz blanche ... ellen ... tmock ... for a moment , blanche be jarre into immobility . then she erupt with insane rage . blanche you knock ! you knocked ! you 4 won't ee xnockedi I be a-goin ' to soe whup that sucker right cotn youl ( continued ) Rev. 7/15/74 88 . 87 continued : . 67 she lash the whip across ellen 's bedy , proudly , ellen make no move to defer herself , demonically , blanche whip she again and again , scream abuse with every blow , tense flee from the roon . bianche filthy ... filthy ... pig ... whut you do with man ? , .. play the whot , the slut ... doin ! thing enly a filthy wench mow ... sickenin ! thing , sinful black as you skin ... you a animal ... dumb , fornicatin’ animal ... |! '' : ellen finally scream , unable to hold herself back any longer , she fall to the floor weep , blanche stand ' over she lash and lash . ; oey . increzia . borgia and tense enter . with blanchet at= - ; tention momentarily distract by they entrance , ellen see she chance to escape , she scramble to she foot , race from the room , blanche run after she ... lucrezia borgia grab blanche by the arm to stop she , but blanche wrest free , - &3 int , haliway . outside bianchs's rocm - falconhurst 68 eouse - night pvd ellen fly toward the stairway , blanche pursue , catch up with she at the head of the stair , seize she by the hair , lash she again , then shove she spin down the stair , 69 ext , countryside near falconhurst - day i 69 the carriage be approach the plantation . hammond sit in back with the bruise and batter mede . his eye be mere slit between purple , puffy lid -- he lip grossly swollen , he seem deject -- beyond the effect of he injury , redfield , at the rein , and maxwell sit in front . : hoe we win some fancy morey ant folk everywhure goin ' to hear about faliconhurst . . mede . ( distantly , shaking he head ) - : nothin ! the worth that kind of fightin ' ... killint ... ( contivued } 89 o ) | j ; se ] 70 7/15/74 89 . continued : 69 maxwell be outrage by mede 's statement -- sheer inso - lence , hammond , though surprised , seem to agree , maxwell wait for hammond to reprizand mede , maxwell ( finally ) you a-lettin ' he say that ! hammond I guess I be . maxwell scowl at he son , maxwell seem to remember something , he take two box . from he pocket and hand they to hammond , maxwell ( grudge ) you do rile I sometimes , fem , here ... fammond open the box , Inside they be a ruby neck - jace ard a pair of ruby earring , maxwell toreckone you cught to bring you wile a present , they ruby White lady fond o' then , hammond look up at he father as though ready to say something , decide not to . he put the box in he pocket without further inserest , ext , falconeurst house ..~ day . . : qo - the carriage halt in front of the house 1 iucrezia porgia , dite , meg. and aliph come run out . : anon maxwell he wonl 's he wonl xill thet topaz jest like that ... bit he } in the neck ... bleed . spurt like 2 pountaini dite , meg and alph look edmiringly at tion dick he spirit , he start to = on appear , ke the tridle off the ‘'§ -= and lock piercingly at mede . the smile die de 's face , : lucrezia borgia , the atte ( continued ) Rev. 7/15/74 90 . 70 contted : , 70 CO ) lucrezia borgia help maxwell out of the carriage . he notice the anxiety on she face , maxwell how be everythin ' , lucrezia borgia ? lucrezia borgia ( anconvincingly ) Fine , masta . she turn away ~- and : maxwell sense something 's wrong . he follow she into the house . hammond and redfield help : mede from the carriage and they start walk toward Lucy 's cabin , redfield and hammond stride on ahead , mede legging behind , walk slowly and pein ~ | fully . cagamemron turn the horse over to alph and walk up to mede . q oo on : '' - acameneton nas ' cratulation , mede . not evtry black man git to kill ' nother black man . kill two ... three mot ... mayhap yo ! sicin turn white , '' mede ( defensive ) theat topaz ... he out to kill I , agamemnon . the white man do like he game .. , set two nigger on each other like two craze dog . cht meae . look away , he expression di stant -- and sed -_ waik on to Lucy 's cabin , : : 7 . eliminated oe . tl - 72 int , sitting room .- falconhurst hcuse - day | 72 maxwell . stare at iucrezia borgia ; he face draw , intense , he wait for she to speak , finally , she stifles she sob . tucrezia borgia + ( brokeniy ) miz blanche , .. miz blanche ... she be tipsy . she sen ! fer hlene ant she whup she good . lo ( more ) ( continued ) bev. 7/15/74 91 . continued : , 72 luceezia eorgia ( cont would ) ( fear to say it ) then ellen ... ellen ... do slip she sucker , maxwell be stunne . then he eye become thoughtful . . maxwell whure be she ? *. int , kitchen - falconhurst piantation - day 3 ellen sit huddle in a chair , maxwell and lucrezia borgia enter . without ceremony , maxwell pull up ellen 's shift and examine she , view | the well on she skin fron blanche 's whip . , . ae a rarr . '' maxwele . '' masta hammond be not aegoint to see this ... can not see you nekid .. you tell 's he you . ailint ... unndersten !? ellen neds . maxwell you tell masta hascend you slip the sucker cause you fall on the stair , you say nothin ! bout miz blanche , iffn you say anythin ? , I will sell you . elien ( terrorize ) '' L. say nothin " , masta . she burst into tear . maxwell turn : to go as hammond walk into the cabin , elten quickly pull the shift down cver she bedy . . : ns ppm Ham . ellen slip she sucker . shock , harmond bend down , embrace the girl . '' she cling to he , quivering . maxwell , fell she do ... on the stair «ee lacky she be not maim , — ( conr - 102 ) Rev. 7 ww 6/3/74 92 . continued : . 73 ellen be cry and hammond rock she tenderly in he arm . hammond it 's all right , ellen , it 's all right . maxwell glower at he son 's display of affection for a ( continued ) '' 7/15/74 93 . continued : , 73 a wench and stalk away . lucrezia borgia follow he > out of the kitchen , ellen continue to scb . hammond caress she , try to console she , then take out one of the two box that he father give he , hammond I do fetch you something ! from the city , something ' to make you purty . he give she the box , she open it , stare in amaze - ment at the ruby necklace , her eye still brim with tear == but a tiny smile brushes she mouth . ellen fer I ! it ’purty enough fer a _ White lady , | int . bianche's room - falconhurst house - dusk . . , th et maxwell speak to blanche in a harsh , angry tone he 's never use with she before , maxwell you actin ! zany ... zany ... behavin ! like a Georgia bitch , an! look at yourself in the mirrer ! ai not you get no pride ? he drag she roughly to the look glass and force blanche to view she reflection == witeh - like , hair dishevel , . she clothes dirty . maxwell you lookin 's like this , any wench kin attrack a man more and you . comb up you hair , blanche pout , then turn away insolently , maxwell ccmb up ycur hair , I say ! intimidate , flanche pick up she comb and begin stroking she hair . maxwell walk to the door , open it , sheut out . 's maxwell . hammond ! hammc ndt you come up here , blanche it all hammond 's fault , ( continued ) 7 oh , continued : of maxwell tt be not hammond ... it that damned teddy you so fond of , bianches he jest like the wench better , maxwell a man crave to pleasure he wife «ee time to time , bianche oo they do dirty thing ... be not get no shame , ' maxwell ( hiss ) then you a-goin ! to do dirty thing ees jest so you git he in you bed ' 's - keep he therel blanche tilt she chin , offended . hammord enter the room , maxwell look from one to the other . maxwell whut fer you two do n?t ack like a reali husban ! an! wife ? I dontt imow ... but you a-goin ! to start , it be not leavin ' this life without seein ! 's my own flesh ant bleod here at falcornhurst to take over , I want a gran'son , he look at hammond with a steely expression , maxwell you get that gift you fetch she . hammond nod , blanche look at he , surprised and suddenly humble . blanche you brung I a gift ? - jammond take the box out of he pocket , maxwell walk to the door , remove the key from the lock , ll yeu t to get down to business now , I be ’a-lockin ! ' you in , .. a ! I be not lettin’ you out 'e till you do cleasurin ' , ( continued ) Rev. 6/3/74 95 . continued = ( 2 ) : : th he leave , close the door behind he , the key be heard turn in the lock , hammond ani blanche gaze un - comfortably at each other , then blanche timidly reach out for the box which hammend still have not give she , she take it , open it , smile joyously . biancee they ... jest beautiful , hemmond ! she gc to the mirror and out on the earring , turn she head from side to side , admire then . : bianche how. folk goin ? to kmow whe you wife ! she turn slowly and gaze at hammond lovirgly . then she run to he , throw she arm around he and kiss he long and hard . hammond can not help but respond . to she rush of feel . : : eliminated : a 5 ext , cotton pieids - falconhurst plantation - day 76 a dour afternoon with a fine driagzle , Tre grourd be muddy from heavy rain , hamzond and mece , bruise but heal , ride across the field , then rein they horse hammond look out over the field , hammond my papa do not like cotton ... say it 's treacherous . ant we ; de 's washaway . . : ( pause ) : . this rain dont stop , all the polis . be blast . ° : mede ° you '' ' reekon iffh .a‘ nigger nown a lant , : the cotton come up black ? . hammond ( laugh ) gcint to tell that one to ny pa eoe make he laugh . meds des ! dont tell he who say it . hammend eye mede curiously , {continued ) sev , 6/3/74 omntpinued : 7 on 96 . hammond that be a strange thing fer you to be statin ' , mede . ( pause ) you ever fret ' bout that , mede , pein ! free ? mede bon ! do no good a-thinkin ! trout it , hammond some do , mede . some do . . ( continued ) bev. 7/15/74 76 continued : hammond ( probing ) what iffn I say ... you free , mede ... you get you freedom ? mede do not answer immediately , there be a sudden glint in he eye , a trace cf a bitter smile on he lip . mede ( finally ) I happy here , masta . hammond nod '' satisfied and smile , hammond right now , you doin ! whut I and doin ! , .. jest the same ... ridin ' , sittin ? on a horse , seein 's the | '' fteld , you be free ... you would not be doint as good , he chirrup he horse and they trot throug h the '' field . 77 '' int , kitchen - falconhurst piantation - day a lucrezia eergia , dite and agamerron be prepare the family supper . hammond enter with mede , hammond what we eatint , lucrezia borgia ? . ducrezta | borgta stew chicken , duspiin 's , green . - hahbiond give e mede the same , slate : '' he walk out ‘of the room , mede sit down at . the table and lncrezia borgia start to serve he , mede masta harmen say he ruther raise cotton than slave , he get God in hin , agsmemion he don ! ack like he get God in he ... nor he pa . we all God 's chiltren ... black a ! white ... the Sacred scripture say , ( continued ) ot. 76 7 ? 78 79 98 , continued : : 77 mede he purty good fer a white want . agamemmon that be not good encugh , mede how go yeu ' speck a white man kin git ! agamemnon jes ! the side o! Satan , dite waure that talk goin ! to git you , mem ? tucrezia borgia ' nother lambastin ' , tha ' !s whut . agamemnon look sourly at iucrezia eorgia and walk out . eldiinated 78 int , dine room - falconhurst hcuse - night 79 hammond , maxwell , blanche and Doc redfield at dinner , blanche be well - dress and perfectly groom . every so often she finger stray to the earring hammond give she , draw reassurance from they , bianche ( bubbling ) when we build the new house , we a-goin ' to hol ' party a ! invite the best folk hereabout eee the best folk ... redfieid they get mile to ride ... gittin ' to falconhurst , blanche : distance be not no problem when the party be elegant a ! the host be folk of quality . , ° maxwell that house a-goin ! ' to cost a passel of nigger . 's he chuckle , pleased by the knowledge he can well afford it . ( continued ) Rev. 79 & oo co ) 7/15/74 996 continued : : - 79 maxwell Ham , tomorroer , we get to make a list ... who we sellin ! in netchez , bianche they get fancy shop fer furnishin' in natchez , my mama ... the smile on blanche 's lip freeze , ellen have appear to hand lucrezia borgia a tray . blanche see at once -- the ruby necklace on the girit neck , she rise , livid , but with a great effort at self - possession . she slowly , elaborately remove she earring ... then drop they into hammond 's . plate and walk off , ' the man look at each ' other . bewilder , then maxwell notice the necklace on ellen , maxwell the necklace , Ham ! ' that be a stupid ' thing to dol he look at hammond furiously , ' hammond rise , a fool - ish , pain expression on he face , he go out after _ blanche , int , bianche's rocm - falconhurst house - night 80 blanche , hysterical , storm at hammond . bianche that slut ... that dirty wench of yourn ... you brung she a necklace ae with whure else she git it ? might as well burn you letter right on she face ... an’ mine , bran 's tem right in , so all the world know we the woman of hammond maxwell ! but I be not you who ! to be mark off ! ( pause , . then : contemptuously ) you like that black meat ?! you ruther pleasure with a baboon ! she sit down heavily on the bed , subside . then she eentinue viciously , ° bianche you pa crave a gran'son ... but to make a son you get to the a whole lot better at pleasurin ' , .. ( continued ) | pev. 6/3/74 100 , 80 continued : : 8&0 cy famiond - ( coldly ) the man you have afore I ... be he better at pleasure ... ? bian che ( deliberately ) sence you want to ' mow ... he be . hammond seem daze by she admission . her previous denial be : preférable , somehow comforting to he . finally , he speak , . hammond . who be it ? blanche scrutinize hammond nastily , consider whether to tell hin . blanche ( finally ) you know who , you never want to think it , you scared to think who it be , = hammond = ( a whisper ) Charles , now it 's blanche 's turn to be stunne -~ appal by the enormity of the exposure , her body seem to sag , she face drain of color . she look up at hammond despairingly , , ' ( plaintive ) it oniy happen once , hammond ... we : do not know whut.we ... I be thirteen ... . she stop . speak -- there be no adequate explanation , she rise , walk unstsadily toward hammond , reach out to he , fearfully hope for some unlikely understard and forgiveness , he turn away . 81 elimdate . 81 ce ext , falcomneurst hcuse ~ day . 82 tae procession for natchez be form outside the house , maxwell , assist by lucrezia borgia , : ( con thive ) Rev. 6/3/74 82 continued : be check a list to see that all the slave to be sell be present . several of the black embrace each other -~ a few cry grievously at the separation from they love one . blanche watch in the b.g. the camera move to one black couple cling to each other . black man do fret ... masta ! hammon ! wont sell I to a mean man . black woman how kin he tell who mean ? ( choke back sobs} - we never goin ' to see each other agin , Jason . : . m8 black man . > mayhap we do , the Lord willint , she cry bitterly , black woman no ... never . you know that , Jason , never . a black mother , cry , hug she two child , about seven and eight , who stand . freeze with fear , black child when we come back to you , mama ? ( wait ) . _ when , mama . --.. : second child whut fer you can not come with we , mama ? . another angle ; hammond arrive , see dite , scbbing , stand next to a woman hold a infant . ee walk over to maxwell , eammond papa , we be not sellin’ ? ditet sucker , ( continued ) i101 . 82 Rev. 6/3/74 102. continued - ( 2 ) : , 82 maxwell you teched ... we sell all the other sucker of yourn . hammond turn , walk over to dite , maxwell follow hin , hammond dite , take you sucker , you kin keep it . maxwell dite , do not you touch ... you leave that sucker alone ! hammond dite '' grab that sucker -- and git outn . here quick ! dite , with a. fearful glance at maxwell , snatch she baby and run off .. maxwell you a fool , hammond . ( eorer mayhap , . ( somehow puzzle ) it jest ... how I feel , he kiss he father , then turn and look around . ee see ellen , ellent . ot pas sae | come run . - : hammond ait in the carriage . ( see the fear inher face ) no , I be not agoi not to sell you , I ecrave you come with I . ellen lock with breathless wonder to see if he reall . mean it , then climb into the carriage . maxwell wat in amazement . maxwell I do not unnerstant you , han , ( continued } 32 Rev. 6/3/74 103. continued - ( 3 ) : , 82 anxiously he turn around for a glance at blanche , who be observe the scene , stand rigid as a rock , she eye flinty with hatred . hammond kiss he father again , get into the carriage and shout the order . hammond everyonése . we gointl the black move off in a rag file , a few of the black remain behind burst into tear again . ' two or three woman be hear wail , int , hallway - falconhurst ecuse - duse 83 meg come through the hall carry a tray with glass of toddy , he walk to the sit room door , open it @ chink , he motion to he brother alph , jerk he head to indicate that he want alph to come with he . but - alph lies on the floor in front of maxwell 's chair '' with maxwell 's foot press against he belly . he can not move without disturbing the sleep old man . alph shake he head , gesture helplessly with he : hand . meg grin wickedly and gc on the stair with the tray . . ivf , blanche's room ~ falconhurst house - dusk 84 blanche , semi-nude and well - sodden , walk aimlessly about the reom , pause at the window , open it , take a deep breath , meg ( 0.s. ) miz blanche ... she turn to see meg hold out the tray with the glass , she take one without cover she naked breast . as she drink , meg stare at she , transfix by she nakedness . he giggle nervously , blanche . become aware she be expose , glance down at herself , ~ then look at meg with drunken amusement . . elanche you be not never see a white lady 's breasty ? meg shake he head almost imperceptibly . blanche . you like tem ? ellent tittie any better and mine ? ( more ) ( cqntinued ) Rev. 6/3/74 , 103a . 84 continued : : 84 cy blanche ( conttd ) ss ( pause } you answer I ! ellen 's titty any better and mine ?! meg ( stammer ) yourn better , miz blanche . ( continued ) o »~ peve ay 85 86 - also present , 7/15/74 104 , continued : 84 blanche smile crookedly , then cover herself and take another deep swallow of toddy . blanche you fergit whut you see , now eee gat ] meg start to go . hlanche stare at he as he retreat toward the door , blanche wait a secon 's , meg face she , suddenly apprehensive from a ' under= current in she voice , . - blanche : - fetch I up here the biggest , blackest buck we got. on the '' place ... that mede . fetch he through the front a ' up the step quiet- like , .. meg agape , whirl and tear out of the room , . ext , slave quarter = falccnhurst plantation - night 85 meg race toward Lucy 's cabin , int , Lucy ' 3 cabin ~ falconhurst plantation - night 86 Lucy be rub mede with the serpent oil when meg appear out of breath , Big Pearl and she baby be . meg : ee + miz blanche want . you . '' mede .. want mer : sig ; meg . wig py she waitint in she room , Le mede | whut she want of I ? * lucy ; mayhap . she want to whup you like ellen , meg miz blanche drunken . I reckon | she cravin ' somebody to pleasure she , ( continued ) 88 105 . continued : , 86 mede look appal . he shake he head dizzily . Lucy ( scoffing ) a white mist 'ess be not a-cravin ! no big , black lummox like he , but she expression change to concern . mede I be not get no leave to go in that house ... masta hammon ! awaye meg ( sarcastic ) White folk ' order . Lucy ( disturb ) she do anythin ! . mede , you jes ! scuttle out , meg throw a glance at mede and start to go . mede follow anxiously , ext , falccneurst flantation + night 87 meg lead mede toward the house , mede stop in he track , stand immobile . meg glance back at he sharply and mede finally start walk again . int , falccnhurst house = night 88 mede and meg enter and mount the stair furtively . lucrezia borgia come into the hall , see they go upstairs , her eye widen with alarm . meg knock on the door of blanche 's room . agamemnon appear below , out of breath . agamemnon nose medesee noveel mede look down at agamemnon , he expression helpless and frighten . the door open and hlanche stand there , drying the drink - induce perspiration on she face with a towel , agamemnon and lucrezia borgia below scurry away . : mede and meg stand at the threshhold unmove . mede be too afraid to step inside the room . blanche study they silently for a beat or two , a reckless , arrogant smile con she lir . ( continued ) 89 continued = : 38 blanche {to meg ) you git ... a ! I mean git ] I keten you snoopin’ , a-listenin ' , I will thrash you . meg turn and go , a sly grin steal across he face , . blanche ( to mede ) come in here , I be a- tellin ' you ... mede obey , enter tremble . int , blanche ? S room - falconhurst house - night 89 blanche close the door behind mede , face he . elanche you listen to this story , mede . you listen a ! listen good . she look at hin , she eye glitter . she point to the bed . elanche sit therel medet face flash with terror . he stand unmove . elanche sit there ! on the bed ! ( smile ) that 's whure you goin ! to listen to my story . mede walk slowly to the bed , sit down as though ease himself onto a pallet of nail , blanche look at he silently , she eye light with a perverse delight . then in a little girl voice : blanche one day I be walkin ! in the wood ... jest a-walkint alongse . antece ant you come up all sweet - like ... ant all of a sudden , you attack I . jest like that , you attack moee mede miz blanche ...! ( continued ) 107 . 89 continued : 89 CO elanche you listen ] you attack I ... an! then when you masta hammond come home , I tell he ... I tell he you try to rape I , she pause , let this sink in . ' then she walk toward mede , continue , elanche whut you think he do to you ? whup you , sell you ? no. whut hetd do ... whut he would do ... hetd kill you . he would kill you , mede , mede . he wont believe you , miz blanche , she slap he wildly across the face , blanche he will believe I . he wontt believe a nigger . - mede look abject . he know that what she have just we say be only too true . blanche that 's whut I be a-goin ! to tell he ... less and you do whut I want . you do whut I want , I tell he nothin ! , blanche touch he sensually on the face , then run she finger down he chest , . blanche you be not never crave a white lady , mede ? she press she body against he , wrap she arm around he neck , she gaze at he , a wanton challenge in she eye . she start to kiss he , go at the foot of the stair . 90 lucrezia borgia stand look up at the bedroom door -- utter dread on she face , . agamemnon and dite come into the hall . she shoos they away with a curt wave J of she hand , then she turn and walk despondently '' = away . Rev. 7/15/74 108. s.s V blangee's rccm : 91 ney sua mede lie neke on he back in the bed , stare at the ceiling , blanche , lie beside he , regards he with a vengeful smile . finally , mede speak . mede ( tonelessly ) I crave to die , miz blanche , blanche you be not a-goin ! to die , you a=goini to do this whenever I wish . : she reach . for a drink . sipping it , she gaze at mede through narrow lid -- then stare blankly past hin , she expression remote and vindictive . : int , . hallway outside blanche's rocm = falconhurst house - night : ah ; 8 mede emerge from the room , walk toward the stair apathetically -~- a study in despair , halfway down the stair , he start to run . he get out of the front door a instant before maxwell walk sleepily out of i the sit recom , lucrezia appear from the back of the house . maxwell sniff the air . maxwell somethint stink . that dector mulbacht serpent ool , like ... lucrezia borgia 4 ( a lie , quaking ) . ' z cai n'§ smell nuthin ! , masta . : you aintt have that . mandingo , in , the rouse 04.2 , lucrezia borgta no , '' masta , suh , > maxwell gaze : around , perplex . p 93 ext , slave quarter - falcgihurst plantation o. day 93 mede walk through the compound , depressed , drag he foot , he eye swim . several black turn - surreptitiously to watch he as he pass . he continue past blacksmith , rv '' D nm bey , 6/24/74 109 . 95 ext , slave quarter - falconhurst plantaticn - day 94 he shamble along a while , then fling himself to the ground , agamemnon appear , stand look down at he . agamemnom everybody know whut happen . ( after a pause ) masta hammon ! fin ! out ... he k1i11 you . mede stare up at he hopelessly . agamemnoin iwas you ... i. run away . mede whure I run ? ' they fint you on the road , they kill you ... or bring you back , then masta hammon ! wonder whut fer I run . for a moment , guilt overcome he fear , mede he be good to I , memteee he face be sheer agony . agamemnon you dont git nothin ! from a white man ... you don ! pay fer it later , ( pause ) White man 's rule , white man 's game , a white man pleasure a '' black woman , that be jest finesse . '' godt law . ant angel singin’ . a white woman pleasure with a »black man ... that be a sin - '' worse and nailin ' God to the cfoss .... int , lucy ! S cabin - falconhurst plantaticn - day S Big Pearl lie on the bed , moan in childbirth . '' Lucy hold a wet rag to she forehead , mede sit on the floor , watch blankly . . big pearl it hurtint agin . | ( continued ) pes neve 35 C ) nae 96 ere 6/3/74 110 . continued : , 55 lucy that the way it do , Big fearl moan again . Lucy dest be a while , it comint , . , . the sucker comin'.e. big pearl whut mede doin ' ? '' Lucy sittint , - whut you want he to do ? ext , slave quarter = falconhurst plantation - day 96 hammond and ellen , return in the carriage , drive past toward the house , dite , she infant in she arm , hail hammond . dite masta ... masta hammont ] Big Pearl do have a little buck , hammond rein in the horse , say someth to ellen and get out of the carriage . he hurry toward Lucy 's cabin . int , lucy cabin + falccnhurst plantation = day cre Big Pearl lie hold she squalling , newborn infant . she hand it . to Lucy for comforting . mede look on , asad , distant smile on he face , as hammond enter , mede avert he gaze and edge out of the doorway . ee ' hammond ~ . '' medel ... whure you goin !? ~ but he. be too intent on see the baby to pay more attention to mede 's odd departure , he take the infant from Lucy 's arm . hammcnd you all right , Big Pearl ? . he starta examine the baby carefully . big pearl I fine , it jest pop out like a seed outn a peach , ( continued ) co ) ss pay , 6/3/74 lll . i . cast face '' meade follow : '' hamnond : out the door . ext , Lucy ? 2 continued , ft lucy whut fer you tell that lie} hammond be still inspect the baby minutely . hammond sure a big varmint . Lucy a champeen like he pa. hammond look around for mede ; call out , hammond mede ... mede } mede enter and hammond scrutinize the black 's gown - ws hammond . whut wrong with you , mede ? '' aintt you glad whut a fine sucker you give elg Pearl ? ( to Lucy ) . my papa see it yet ? Lucy shake she head , hammond fr crave to show it to hin . he start toward the door , the infant in he arm , hammond . '' you come : with me mede . cabin - ' palconeurs ? , plantation ~ ~ day " mey walk . toward . the house . '' '' hammond . - iwant lot of sucker like .. this , mede . couple of month , Big Pearl be ready fer breedin ! agin . hammond quicken he pace , eager to display the infant to he father . av , 6/3/74 12. will oo : word ... tnt , sitting rocm - falconhurst house - day 99 maxwell , with the air of a expert , study the infant that hammond . hold before he . mede , he face tense , stand several pace away . maxwell I have see tem , hundred . aintté no more 'o black worm at first . but this a mandingo , purentee mandingo ! eammond a.ringtail snorter . a ' soun ' , maxwell . a body would think it be yours . then he look meaningfully . at hammond and code ' he q maxwell : you bcc eee there be not no harm ... Big Pearl ... mede . blanche sweep into the room , beautifully dress and groom , remarkably self - compose , blanche welcome home , husban ! hammond , she kiss he sweetly and hammond glance at she , surprised by she civility and she appearance , her eye flick past mede without expression , opaque . mede dce not dare to . look at she . . " hammond : 1 988 mede 's. sucker ? : '' es blanche : " right purty . : ' hammond : be : '' further surprised by : she be pleasant answer . maxwell take two silver dollar from he pocket hold they out to mede . lo maxwell here , mede . you deserve tem . , mede refuse the money with a sad shake of he head . hammond ( laugh ) medet too proud ... an! shy ... to take the money . ( continued ) Rev. 6/3/74 112a . 95 continued : . 99 cy he hand the infant to mede . hammond take it back to Big Pearl , mede , carry the baby , move toward the door . maxwell you tell Big Pearl to give he lot of milk , Way she tittied out , she get milk fer a dozen sucker . ( continued ) Rev. 6/5/74 113. 33 o™ CD ) 99 a ico nay , ' slave . be stécting ' the. scaffold of . a '' new ! '' house 's the : foundation : . indicate it 's to . be a spacious . resi - ' dence , ' maxwell . and blanche come . walk from the. old . house . blanche . make a low ; gasp sound , seem @ continued - ( 2 ) : : 99 maxwell chuckle , mede leave . maxwell ( muse ) we kin sell that sucker for two ... three thousan ! dollar =r reckon . ( pause , sniff ) that mede , .. still get that serpent ool stink ... ee frown , a puzzle expression on he face , iook toward the door through which mede exite . blanche uo '' ( the hammond } '' you crave a whiskey , hammond ? hammond look ab she quizzically , but somehow 4 pleased . by she solicitude , ' woe a hammond you behavin ' most lady - like , blanche ? blanche : , ; I be happy you back , hammond , she snile artfully at he . eliminated eat . ' build ste - falconhurst plantation = day : bit dizzy on :her foot , . maxwell eye she knowingly , ea ready to help ... then : blanche recover and they walk : on . finally : ey step to survey the : new. structure . *' that a-goin ' to be the proudest house in the state . blanche make a half - retching sound again , touch she stomach . blanche it™m ailin ' a mite . ( continued ) Rev. 6/5/74 : 4 , 100 continued : ico maxwell ( a canny smile ) sick to yer belly ? blanche nod and maxwell chuckle , maxwell you jest like hammond 's mama.e. modest-like , she would not tell eee jest would not tell she be . knock . plague she to tell . . 4 her a=buigi not out , only way I . . have of knowin ' . . they both glance down at blanchet belly which ' be jest beginning to protrude . hlanche look up at maxwell with : a curious . expression of . shyness and anxiety ... 's that why ir gat . the new : house anbuildin ' , .. when I see the first sign . * mo po iol 102 i115 . continued : 100 he smile happily at she . maxwell it time hammond know , blanche . she nod , force a smile , she eye shadow with fore - vode . they start walk back to . the house . maxwell she keep it hide ... petticoat a ! petticoat ! I never know hammond a-comin ? along till two month afore . he laugh , remember . int , sitting room - falconhurst house - night 101 blanche face hammond . maxwell watch beam . blanche I be with chile , hammond . hammond barely react , he emotion a whirl of contra - diction . maxwell ( exuberant ) a white son , Ham ! a white sonl the import of this -~ a white heir -- blot out for the moment past antagonism , hammond tentatively reach out and take hlanche 's hand . hammond ( a new tenderness ) that be the reason you be actin ! so nice ? he look at blanche fondly . she return he gaze joylessly . . : int , elanche's room - falconhurst house ~ night 102 blanche lie in bed half - asleep , hammond enter , pause at she bedside uncertainly . she open she eye , look uneasily at hammond , he seem to reach a decision , start to undress ... and hlanche smile faintly . hammond ( make conversation ) that little mandingo buck of mede 's , it 's a-growin ' like a tornado . ( continued ) ae cat , 6/3/74 116 , ic2 9 contintued : , 102 NY blancke !s smile disappear , she face web with anxiety . there be a strain silence . blanche ( finally ) hammond.e. you reckon I be goint to die ? hammond yer mama do not die ... my mam do not die ... least in chile - ' bearint , you aintt goin ' to die . : " blanche mayer you treat I better now ? hammond sit , down on the edge of the. bed . ° hammond < 0 " & = '' ( poeatne ) when I see you the first time , you be g8y.ee. an! brave , you get to be the same way agin . ~ blanche ( plaintive ) you git my mama to come when it 's time ? 2 hammond yes . ( | reangee , : fer whisper ) : : : still a-hatin ! fer '. maien my : feelint , eee all miitedss . blanche : hammond ... hol ! my hand . she stretch out she hand and hammond take ' Lee she lie back . on the pillow , she look at , hammond and ay , gaze toward the window , she eye suddenly ~ with terror . then elow the qo www eliminated . 103 bev. 6/3/74 : 117 . ext , falconhurst plantation - day 1o4 i > _ hammond and mede be riding beck toward the house . hammond see elien do laundry at the stream . she turn away the instant she see he , gather she laundry , walk in the oprosite direction . hammond Holt on , mede . ( conedued ) o rev , 7/15/74 204 continued ; mede rein in he horse , wait . hammond ride over to ellen , dismount . hammcnd why you turn ... walk away like that ? ellen -- she back to hammond -- say nothing , she face glaze with fear . hammond take she by the arm hammond waut fer ? '' he turn she around , see she frighten face for . the first time . -. hammond * you afeéare cause . blanche goin ! ) have : a:sucker ? - : that no . : ' reason , ellen . it will not change we none . we will be the same .. he kiss she on the forehead . hammond iffn that 's whut 's worryin ' you , it 's wrong . you always goin ! to be mine , ai not nobody , ever , - white or black , goint to take : : you place , ellen throw herself into hammond 's arm , ( concerned ) '' mn see. you. tonignt . he kiss she , mount he horse , ride back to mede , . hammond I swan ... everybedy actin ! peculiar . ellen bein ! ' sterical ... you be a gloomeee goin ! round like a whupped cur . he stare at mede , perplex . mede ( grimly ) I git better , " wasta ... I be better . ( continued ) 118 , 104 bev. 7/15/74 119 . Lou continued = ( 2 ) : ' 104 suddenly the air be shattered by the echo cf gunshot come from the nearby hill , hammond look up in alarm , whip he norse and gallop off . mede follow , ic5 ext , falconhurst house = day 105 hammond and mede arrive as a group of man on horseback , armed with rifle , come gallop down the drive to the house , wallace be among the rider , maxwell and lucrezia borgia come out of the house . wallace nigger risin ' , maxwell ! that nigger of yourness ciceroerc . steal . a gun from I a ! run off.e.s get some other to dine | - himt . . on . maxwele ' be not see - fem : hereabout . first horseman we jest ketch two to they wallace wheel he horse , dig the spur in and gallop off , the other rider follow . . hammond . you come with I , mede . ' he spur he horse and ride off after the horseman , 's mede follow . ery . clinton plantation day ' the horsemen gallop toward 's the. Clinton Plantation . gather in front ofthe house ’are a group of dis - . traught people , black : and white , lying on the : , - . , Ground , before ; they be the bloody : body . of : five : owhite : --twoimen , ..a woman and .two child . '' the : ~o gider : reach 's they , stop . for : a few . moment : to survey the. scene . - hammond look at the corpse with horror vand dismay . . a- man go up to : wallace , say something to : he and . point westward . wallace shout . a command and the horseman ride off . : poo ok 106 " 1o7 ext , clearing by a river - day * 107 hammond , mede and the other horseman jain a second platoon of rider at the edge of the clear . one rider lie on the ground , bleed , in the center of the clear be a tumbledown old shack , ( continued ) another angle '' : a : ° other. black . '' ame rge from the hut , '' scatter in all direc ~ ' brushwood , slashing the branch away with he : arm . '' ground . 6/3/74 120 , continued : 107 second horseman they in there . third horseman they wounded forrest . someone fire from inside the cabin . several rider take cover , return FIRE , suddenly , a black forn leap from the hut , wallace tt 's. cicero ! a vider aim and fire , cicero be hit in the leg , falter , then manage to stagger into the tree . hammond ride off after cicero , mede follow . tion ... wallace 's man in pursuit . another angle hammond and mede find the underbrush in the woed too thick to make pregress on horseback , hammond git hin . mede scramble off he horse and plunge through the he. reach : cicero near the riverbank , pin he - to the — ' ckeero : stare '' at : i med , in astonishment ... / '' you holt I fer the white ' nant - mhe white man kill I ... you be cu kallinu I ... ) you be 's puttin’ the tope. arount my -neck yor self . : ( pause ) : - what you reckon you '' asee a houn !...?. White man say you fetch , you fetch I you see I hang.ee you goin ! to know ..e you killer a black brother , - mede seem daze by cicero 's word . he relax he grip and cicero rise , start to run off -- when wallace and another man appear , corner he with gun . Rev. 7/15/74 121. ic8 ext , clinton plantation - day ~ 108 ) a great throng have coliect to witness the execution no -- with more people arrive , present be the rider , people of the plantaticn and numerous neighbor in cart and surrey . cicero sit bound to a chair place in a cart ~= - visible to everyone , a example , he hold himself erect , proud and defiant . no ? ancther angle mede start to walk slowly , trance - like , toward cicero . he reach the capture slave , stare at he blindly . cicero mayhan I get away , you didnt ketch I , you remember ... you remember altays.e. you kill mceae you remember bhate you ' kill I , : : " two man 's pick . gicéro ‘up ' in he chad : be and begin : to : carry : he toward a stout tree . mede walz alongside , ~ g : magnetize , . : cicero . you jest prove whut the white '' ay man sah . we jes ! beast se.e ) my willin ? to de anythin ' ... kill ! each other ... no mind , no . _ . feelint . '' a rider slam a rifle butt into cicero 's face to silence he , cicero be mute for just a second or two =~ then , carry out . or reach of he assailant , he speak again pes '' @tcero .. leastwise . -- i. be not . die like : '' you a~goin ! to die ... like : a : weel : L aintt givint a-life : - : ssweat ant mist ty : to the whdte : man , '' Le , another white chop hin vie jousiy | in the throat . '' mede seem to wince with the blow . cicero , choke , be set down next to the tree . a noose hang from a. tree branch be place around he neck and tightened . ' the other end of the rope be fastened by one of the ( continued ) — — - rarr q ree} - the arm and they | wall to they horse , mount and ride . wu. : 109 ilo ill rav. 7/15/74 , 122 , continued : . 108 rider to a mule ycked to a cart , cicero suddenly shout out at the crowd . cicero you white man be oppress ! in yo ! own Jan 's ... we be free ! you bring we . here in chain eae dug now we here ... this lant belong to we like it belong to yout the mule be give a flick of the whip and leap forward . cicero , still in he chair , be jerk into the air , dangle . there , throttling . he. die .. ' mede 's stand stricken , in a. kind of paralysis . hammond , shake and pale , .come up . to he . he take mede by eliminated , psat / : int , blanghe's room ~ falconeurst - ricet blanche lie in bed , feverish and sneaty in '' tabor , ' she moan as the contraction agonize she , mrs . redfieid , a heavy , placid woman in ker fifty , sponge hlanche 's face , ' mrs , redfield 7 ai not much longer now . iuerenta borgia enter . with pot of . water . and eloth . e : srrrin room = " falconeurst ' house . =. nighd ° '' wesel t 2 redfiela '' and '' beatrix woodford . '' gre seat . hammond ' pace nervously , meg enter with a tray of irink , maxwell . shout into : beatrixt ear trumpet . -beatrix '' better a boy . a girl get to face the lust of man ... keepint she knock , baby after baby . glad I through with it , the Major dead , all baby . ought to be boy . ( continued ) | |! oo — br I ev. 7/15/74 , 123/124/125 . I continued : . lil the man laugh . maxwell take a drink from meg 's tray , offer beatrix one , which she refuse with a disdain - ful gesture , beatrix that lead you straight into the flame of hell ... an! make Jesus crya . maxwell rheumatiz , beatrix . oncet I let my rheumatiz git ahead of my toute uit never ketch up to . . : - blanche be ) heata scream . hammond walk over . to the ~ doorway lock out and up the : stair . : : : ae '' redfield | do not. fret ; hammond ... my : wite | bring she through safe ant sound , she gift that way . hammond walk back into the room . blanche 's scream be hear again , featrix march up to hammond , beatrix sufferin ' like that ... she 's too young . you a beast , hammond ... a monster } — - mrs . '' redfield 's vorcE . redfield ... kin you help meat seco and . : ( put he ' toddy down and rise ) tbe : eed Rev. 7/15/74 126 . 111a int , upper hall - falconhurst house - night 111a locking down staircase , redfield appear at bottom of stair and start up . redfield you callin ' I ? you wantin ! I ? whnt you reckon I kin do ? int , upfer fall - falconeurst house - night 112 Mrs , redfield , the door to blanche 's room close behind she , walt for she husband , redfield enter scene , redpieid io a hv tt cone yet ? : mrs , redfield ( whisper ) . it ' come ... it come . only it aintt : white , Z . redfield react in distelier . redfield . nor mrs , redfieid whut we goin ' to do ? redfieid . ( whisper ) all we do ... we jest cut the cord short ... a ' let it bleed 113 inp . bianche ' 3 " room . - '' talcommurst house - night . redfield and he wife enter . -- blanche lie ' on ' the. ved , " inert , . stare mindlessly at the black infant . beside she , : lucrezia . borgia stand bedside aghast . redfield walk : over to the bed , gaze down at the infant . ( comrnue ) m3 Rev. 7/15/74 126a. 113 continued : ' 113 redfield ( despair ) a mandingo . he pick up the baby and carry it to a bassinet stand in one corner . he put the baby in it -- and we see he arm move as he hand , unseen , untie the umbilical knot . he lock up at he wife . redfield that be it . done . he turn abruptly and head for the door . , blanche ( trance ~ like it aintt. black ... i aintt true - itt black . in . stairway - - " falconhurst : house - nighd ~ 1134 ecey ; redfield walk down grimly -- go to the sit room doorway . : . ~ 114a 115 116 127 . ivf , sitting room - falconhurst house - night 114 redfield enter , lock bleakly at hammond , maxwell and beatrix , redfield it come ... dead . eeatrix scream , eammond 's face go ashen , he start to go toward the doorway , but redfield grab he firmly py the arm . redfield not yit . it ali mess up . you do not want to see it , hammcnd it a boy ? redfield nod . hammond suddenly tear he arm free and race out of the room . dit , stairway - falconhurst house - night 1144 hammond rush up the stair . l heatrix appear at the’ foot of the stair , begin waik up unsteadily . int , blanche's bedroom - falconhurst house - niget 115 Mrs. redfield stand over the bassinet , look sadly at the dead infant . hammond enter , walk to the bassinet , look in , see the black baby , he stand immobile , horrify . blanche can not bear to watch he , turn away , doom in she eye , beatrix enter , walk to the bassinet , see the baby -= a torture ery issue from she lip . lLucrezia forgia stand stare at hammond , terror in she face . int . stairway - falconhurst house - night - 116 maxwell and redfield wait at the foot of the stair . , hammond appear above on the landing , haggard , ghastly pale . he come down the stair , he knee rubbery , - one hand on the railing . he reach redfield .. hammond ( numbly ) that pizen powder you use , doce ... to kill old nigger cai not work no more . you get some ? redfield in my saddlebag . ( continued } continued : , : 116 hammond git it . redfield turn and go to get the powder . hammond look at he father , he eye savage and implacable . maxwell nod gravely . hammond hear beatrix moan and turn to lock up , see lucrezia forgia lead beatrix , weep dementedly , from blanche !s room . hammond lucrezia borgia ... take she to she room ... an! git down here . he turn and go with maxwell into the sit room . ext , falconhurst house - night 117 redfield walk to he horse , take a bottle of white powder from he saddlebag , return to the house . _ int , sitting room ~ falconhurst house - night 118 hammond and maxwell be grill lucrezia borgia who be sobbing hysterically . maxwell you knowin ! ' bout this ... ant sayin ! nothin ' ? lucrezia borgia I not never mess in white folk ! doint , that white lady know whut . she crave . ma miz blanche never crave that black ape . lucrezia borgia then whut fer she sen ' fer he the secon ! an! thir ' time ? hammond ( devastate ) it ... be not ... true . — lucrezia borgia * four day in all ... while you away . . redfield enter with the bottle . ( continued ) 118 o '' 119 120 with continued : ' 118 hammond ( so lucrezia borgia ) git. maxwell ant you stay in the nouse ... keep that jabberin ! mouth of yourn shut , lucrezia borgia leave , redfield place the bottle on a table and exit without a word , hammond stare at the bottle , finally go and pick it up . he open it , then pick up a half - finish drink and pour the content of the bottle into the glass . he raise the glass against the light , swirl it until the powder have dissolve . maxwell stand watch grimly , then hammond start out of the room , carry the glass , as he pass he father , they eye meet coldly -- in deadly agreement ... hammond be at the door -- when maxwell have second thought . . maxwell lucrezia borgia could be a-lyin ' , Ham . mos ! likely , it be rape , Ham ... an! she askear to tell , hammond shake he head and leave the room , maxwell hesitates , then follow he from the rocm . int , stairway ~ falconhurst house - night 119 hammond start up the stair to blanche 's room . maxwell stand at the landing watch he ascend . int . blanghe's room + falcqwhurst house - night 120 blanche open she eye as hammond enter . she look at he terrify . os : blanche dreamily miz redfield a 1 ) take the baby a waye she say it in a way that confuse the fact of the infant ! 's removal with the magical hope that the night - marish birth have never happen . hammond go to she , support she in a sit position and give she the glass , her eye flicker with surprise end hope . eammond ( evenly ) drink this down ... make you feel better , ( continued ) o 120 lea 122 - he '' look at she . for a moment then : eave , close the - dear : behind : pam : : 's bev , 7/15/74 130 . continued : 120 she sip the drink . hammond watch impassi ively . but blanche , interprete hammend !s bring she the glass as care and concern , gain courage to attempt a explanation . elan che hammond ... hammond ... believe I ... I do not mean no harm ... I only want ... cause of you ant that ellen. , e tose . hammond ( cut she ort ) : a coe drink the rest . : . the . ' she 's obey meekly . she finish the arin , peer into the glass , / : what this whibe start in the- bottom ? hammond . | Medicine . Doc redfield say it will make you sleep , he ease she back on the pillow , take the glass frou she , she close she eye . elanche hammond . ss '' int . lucy ' can bar - falconeurst plandatich - night : 22 mede , Big Pearl , tucy and the baby lie asleep in the cabin , hammond thrust the door open . =. hammond medel ! the mandingo snap awake , leap to he foot . he see the relentlessness in hammond 's face and the gun in hammond 's hand -- and he eye glaze , Big Pearl and Lucy wake up and the baby start to cry . ( continued ) & LA Rev. 6/3/74 131 , 122 123 's '' appear be stand : midway between : the house and the cauldron . | hammond start back toward the. cauldron ; stop anf '' . turn . to make sure he :.father - be still there ... along ' with he . other motive , he .is prove something . the the : old mane '' another angle continued : , . 122 hammond the big kettle , fill it with water a ! strike a fire under it . Lucy , you come , too . mede and Lucy -- both mystify and frighten -- leave the cabin , hammond behind they . ext , falconhurst house - night 123 the cauldron stand . in front.of the house . it be support by brick , a blaze fire underneath . mede ' arrive carry two bucket .of water -=- hammond . walk vigilantly behind , rifle in hand . mede , move in a. trance , pour the water into the cauldron whicn be now . steaming , cloud of vapor rise into the - night air ... Lucy throw two - more log onto the fire , in the b.g.5 : black be gather to watch , . agamemnon hammond . ( to. Lucy ) '' / : keep totin ' a ! putti not woad on . ant bring I the pitch - fork from the stable . he.walks toward the house , keep a eye on mede all the while , maxwell stand on the veranda , : : hammond oe 2 eas _ tcrave you come see , a - S . , maxwell . good : enough . from Lucy arrive with the pitchfork , hand it to hammond . then hammond look at the seethe water in the cauldron , turn to mede , > hammond git you in . mede , stare at the boil water , make no move to comply . hammond git inl ( continued ) Rev. 6/26/th 132. 123 continued : , 123 - ( softay ) you meanin ' to kill mese hammond I reckon you know whyse . e . mede : miz ... miz blanch ..? : hammond : the sucker come a 6 '' : it. be yourn masta ' hammont ss you - don ! - know , ' caintt know whut happen . I -hever . crave : to do. anythin ! agin q zl alluz . respeck : you , . miz nchevéeshe-say.ishe teil : you , : ape hers ... iffmer don¥ a we EL '' swaug : she say ee hanmond goddam , git in there ! ~*~ medé shake he head slowly , I . mede at no . you expeck a nigger slave m -. to do anythin ! you say -= git et ud lay down , fight and kill . % some thing -- come a ime '' + even a nigger slave intt agoint to do fer a white man . you goin ' to have - do.. yor. own killin’ ... {then , . pointedly , lerisively } .-. hammon oe ' masta , hammont '' medet . '' eye : flash . tron sideto side as though weigh ‘his chance , of escaj hammond : put the pitchfork on the : ground . and : level ss ! '' the rifle at mede hammond you try a ' run , I will puta . hole in yer back , mede look at hammond straight in the eye , hold the . gaze , defiant , immovable , yi mede I do think you be somehow better and a white man , but you be ... a.. , white ... man , ( continued ) Rev. 6/26/74 , 132a . 123 '' y continued ~ ( 2 ) : . 123 the contempt and hatred he inject into the word " white " be almost palpable . the two man stare into each other ! 's eye --- a desperate , tragic communication -- as though they both sense they be catch in a night - mare , a situation beyond any control that must . lead inexorably , ritualistically to its fatal end . mede lunge forward with a terrible roar . hammond fire the rifle , hit mede in the shoulder , toppling he into the cauldron . mede scream with pain , try to scramble out of the boil water ... but hammond drop he gun , pick up the pitchfork and ram the pitchfork at mede 's vnead ( press he back underwater , | ( comeso= ) a br rev , 6/3/74 , , 133 . 123 continued - ( 3 ) : . 123 suddenly agamemnon come racing toward hammond , try to knock he away from the cauldron , hemmond side - step , slam agamemnon with the back of the pitchfork , knock he to the ground , then swing the pitchfork back toward the cauldron , jam it against mede and hold he deep in the water . hammond lock . back at agamemnon for a instant . hammond you a goddam fool , mem ! he. look back toward the cauldron ... mede 's body float in the water inert , agamemnon , on he knee , lunge for the. rifle.on. the ground , get it , rise , train it on . hammond .. , maxwell . ( 0.8 . ) ' hamimcnd !. famnond ' tum ; > see agamemnon point the rifle at he : + agamemnon . seem uncertain , tremble , catch between rage and fear . hammond take a step toward agamemnon , stop . . m * . " hammond put that down , mem . agamemnon retreat several step , the gun waver in he . hand ... maxwell . come down from the veranda , walk toward . hammond . and agamemnon . . . . maxwell ( shouting ) you crazy nigger , . you put that gun : down .. loony , beack bastid ... maxwellt '' voice electri fly ' agamemnon . wilaly , he awing the. rifle : toward maxwell and fire ... maxwell be . hit , . crash :..to the..ground , _ agamemnon turn and run , x : drop , the gun . . . y hammond rush : to he father , kneel beside he , maxwell be unconscious , close to death , he face and head bloody . hammond take he father 's hand , stare at he aghast , lip parte , he expression a cry of grief and horror . : fade out . the end