manhattan murder mystery screenplay by Woody Allen &amp ; Marshall brickman note most of the sequence in this production be film use a hand - hold camera or a steadycam . this very mobile camera move around the set , and get constantly closer and further from the character . still , we will be use the usual technical term , such as «long shot» or «full shot» or «medium shot» here and there to give the reader a idea of the location of the camera at the beginning of each sequence . and then we will mention the movement of the camera . tristar logo wing white horse fly over cloud black screen credit in white letter on black screen we hear jazz music during the credit . end of credit new - york - aerial view - exterior night while the camera be fly over New - York , we keep on hearing the jazz music . the camera reach a round building that look like a stadium and start move around the building . hockey game - interior night Long shot on the skate rink . a hockey game be in progress on the rink . the camera follow a player , and then pan on the audience . the camera stop on a medium shot of Larry and Carol , a couple in they early fifty . Larry seem fascinate by the game , but Carol seem to find it boring . she look at the ceiling , and then put she hand over she mouth to suppress a yawn . Larry turn toward she . larry come on . carol what ? larry you promise to sit through the entire hockey game without be bored and I will sit through the wagner opera with you next week . carol I know , honey , I promise . I know . larry I already buy the earplug . carol yeah . well , with you eyesight , I be surprised you can see the puck . the crowd start yell and we guess that one of the player have do something really good . Carol mockingly clap she hand . carol yay , hooray . then she raise she eye to the ceiling , seem more bored than ever . larry build - lobby - interior night a nice - look apartment building in New - York . full shot of the lobby . we see the street through the glass door . a uniform attendant be stand near a counter , on which he be write on a book . Larry and Carol be come from the street and enter the building . he be carry some shopping bag , and she be read a newspaper , the '' Daily news» . larry God . I can not wait to get into bed and stretch out . carol yeah . the attendant slightly turn around and bow to they . they bow back to he . he go back to he book - keep , and the couple keep on walk through the lobby . larry you know , there 's a Bob hope movie on television later . carol know . can you believe this guy in Indiana ? kill twelve victim , dismember they and eat they . larry really ? well , it 's a alternative lifestyle . carol yeah , I will say . they reach the two elevator . Larry press the call - button on the wall between the two elevator . larry build - elevator - interior night medium shot inside the cabin of the elevator . the inner door slide open . Carol enter first , still read she newspaper . Larry enter behind she and press a button on the control panel . paul ( voice over ) hold the elevator . lillian ( voice over ) I be come . hear people 's voice , Larry put he hand on the edge of the door to keep it from close . paul ( voice over ) hold the elevator . Paul and lilian enter the elevator . they be a middle - age couple . he be bald and tall , and very smily . she be small , with grey hair . lillian that 's right . paul thank you . lilian have a broad smile when she recognize Larry and Carol . the elevator door slide shut . lilian look at Carol . lillian I , uh , I see you at the gym sometimes . carol oh , you do ? lillian yeah , we live in the apartment down the hall . carol oh , well , I go whenever I have the discipline . lillian it 's important to put that time in . it do wonder . carol oh god , yeah . I agree with you . lillian exercise change my life . carol well , geez ... larry I prefer to atrophy . I be not a very exercise person . paul we buy a treadmill last week . carol oh , well , we have one . but you know , we get rid of it because it be just take up too much space . lillian oh , it - it - it ... larry because you have to turn it on and get on it once in a while . that be she problem . lillian hey , I ... exactly , I ... and it 's so confusing , with all that button and computerize program . I be just never gonna get that . larry landing - hallway - interior night full shot of a very sober and modern hallway . creme - color wall , grey carpete , dark wooden door . we hear the elevator door open and Carol come out , follow by lilian , Larry and Paul . they all talk together and we can hardly understand the follow dialogue . carol oh , I know . it 's late . lillian it 's so wonderful , meeting . carol oh , well , yeah . paul it be just like New York . you have neighbor . you never meet they ... you guy ... the follow line , say by lilian , be clearer and we understand it better . lillian ... I have see you so many time in the hallway , you know ... and I have always want to come up and say hallo . paul well , anyway ... good night . Larry and Carol walk away from lilian and Paul , who remain near the elevator . carol ( voice over ) good night . such a lovely couple . you know that ... Paul bend down to pick up something on the carpet . lilian walk one step in Larry 's direction . lillian oh , uh , say , hello ? Paul start open he apartment door , just across the hallway from the elevator . carol ( voice over ) huh ? yeah ? lillian huh , listen ... why do not you come in for a-a - a second and have a drink with we ? I mean , we would really love that . the camera pan around toward Larry and Carol . Larry make a negative sign with he hand . carol oh , oh well that would be fine ... paul ( voice over ) she make great irish coffee . mute conversation between Carol and Larry . Larry evidently do not want to accept lilian 's invitation , but Carol want to . lillian ( voice over ) oh , please ? uh uh , I want you to give I a treadmill lesson . larry there 's a movie on television I want to watch . Carol start walk toward lilian and Paul 's apartment , follow reluctantly by Larry . the camera pan around during Carol 's next line , and we see Carol enter lilian a Paul 's apartment . carol oh , about the tread ... oh , well , if I can figure it out , then believe I , anybody can . she laugh , and Larry , enter the apartment behind she , utter a force laugh . paul' apartment - bedroom - interior night the cosy apartment of middle upper-class people . the decoration look like they . medium shot of lilian walk across the bedroom toward the large double bed . she walk near the famous treadmill . lillian have a look at the instruction . they drive I crazy . you know ? I do not know what I be do at all . let 's look ... carol ( voice over ) no. please , it 's easy . lilian pick up a book on a table near the bed . lillian wonderful book they have give I . now I be at level five . carol ( voice over ) what ? lillian that I know . carol ( voice over ) you be that advanced ? lillian well , yeah . carol ( voice over ) God , I only get to level two . lilian bring the book to Carol . lillian look at this diagram . do you believe this ? carol that 's amazing . she be stand near the treadmill . lilian show she one of the diagram in the book . lillian I can not understand this even . carol let I see . lillian yeah , well . see this ? carol okay . paul' appartment - live room - interior night one of the wall could be a bay window , but , for the moment , it be entirely cover by a beige drape . medium shot of Paul bring a stamp book to Larry . paul now , let I show you a mint 1933 airmail . very rare ... and very beautiful . Larry be seat near a small table , on which Paul put the book down . Paul sit down next to Larry . larry yeah . Paul pick up a special philatelist magnify glass and put it in front of the stamp , for Larry to have a better look at it . paul look at that . and this plate block be quite unique because it have a flaw in the engrave . see if you can see it . Larry , who be not interested in philately at all , scratch he head . larry uh , it 's hard for I . paul actually I will give you a little hint . right down here in the corner . larry that tiny thing there ? paul interesting , yeah . larry ah , you have a really ... paul that make it quite valuable , you see . and I just get a commemorative set of issue that be go to be quite valuable , too . he pick up a transparent envelope inside which be several stamp . larry yes . paul look at the color , right there . all this be gonna become a real for ... Larry stand up . larry well , listen ... we be probably keep you up , right ? paul oh , no - no - no . this be wonderful . larry I should be go . paul what do you do , if I may ask ? larry I ? I be in book publishing . I work up at harper 's . paul be you really ? larry yeah . paul I own a old , uh , cinema . have it redone . larry oh. paul use to have a string of three , but , you know , business be not what it use to be . he pick up some more stamp from the table . paul now , look at this presidential . look at the color work . even the perforation be still intact . larry where 's Carol ? paul all the ... larry because I should really be go , actually . paul oh , really ? larry yeah . I mean , so , we ... in the background , behind Larry , we see Carol and lilian enter the room . lillian coffee 's ready ! larry oh , coffee . I forget coffee . he turn around to face the woman . paul ( voice over ) good . we can get back to this later . come on in . we see Paul 's hand on Larry 's shoulder , push he toward the centre of the room . a little later . full shot of the room . they be all seat around a low table , Larry and Carol on the sofa , Paul and lilian on two armchair . they have just finish they coffee . lillian well , we have never have any child , but it 's easy to empathize . oh , um , uh , what college do you son attend ? carol Brown . lillian oh. paul Nice color . they all laugh . lillian Paul never attend college . he 's self - make . paul always regret it . I think knowledge be the second most important thing . first be health , then knowledge , then money . Larry put he cup down on the low table . larry you know , it 's amazing how time , we , ... we will just ... lillian and , do you work ? Larry stand up . carol huh ? do I ? lillian yes . Larry look at Carol and sit back on the sofa . carol oh , well , I actually , um , I use to work at a ad agency , but that be many year ago . the camera move closer to Carol and Larry . carol but ... you know , I have be seriously think of start a little restaurant . but , well , Larry , he 's try to talk I out of it . larry oh , she 's a great cook , though , really . her duck and fennel omelette on a bed of scallop and hollandaise sauce with truffle and sweetbread will make you snap into a fetal position and have you in bed scream for a month . carol he love to tease I , but actually , he really love exotic food . lillian my weakness be any rich dessert , cream , butter , anything with fat . carol oh , really ? oh well , let ... listen ... I will fix you a dessert that will make you eyeball roll up . you will have to exercise for a month to work it off . lillian yeah . paul ( voice over ) we be go to Le cirque for we anniversary . carol no , really ? the camera move around , away from Larry and Carol , to Paul . lillian ( voice over ) yes . twenty - eight year . November . carol ( voice over ) really ? paul well , what do you buy the woman who busy everything ? the camera move around backward , away from Paul and back to Larry and Carol . lillian we already have twin cemetery plot . larry well , it 's ... I always think a bentley be in good taste . you know , or you can go the route that I go with she . on she twentieth , I get she some very lovely handkerchief . carol yeah . oh no . but , you know , they have my initial on they . larry yeah , it be a very , very high - class item . I do not even know she size . I be go over . Carol burst out laugh . Black screen . actually , we be in : larry apartment - front hall - interior night Carol and Larry 's apartment be quite different from the one we have just leave . it be the apartment of a couple of New - York intellectual , with nice , artistic furniture . we hear a door open . larry Jesus , could not you keep the conversation go a little longer in there ? light be switch on . full shot . we see only part of the hall , the camera be in a corridor , and the wall of the corridor conceal part of the hall . Carol enter the apartment , and Larry hold the door for she . larry I be signal you frantically . Larry close the door . carol I be just try to be neighborly . larry neighborly ? if this guy show I he stamp collection one more time ... I mean , my favorite thing in life be to , you know , look at cancel postage . the camera follow Larry walk in the corridor toward : larry apartment - bedroom - interior night actually there be two large bed in the bedroom , the room be divide by a partition set between the two bed . the partition be only a half wall . there be a open , without door , at each end of the partition , to go from one section of the room to the other . carol ( voice over ) oh , come on , Larry . it be sweet . they , you know , they be look forward to they anniversary . medium shot of Larry take he jacket off . he put it on a chair . larry oh , and I be look forward to see that Bob hope movie . I do not know why they put it on so late . the camera turn back to the corridor and Carol , still in the front hall . carol you know , do you think that 's gonna happen to we ? larry ( voice over ) what ? Carol walk in the corridor , toward the bedroom . carol well , that we will become like they ? you know , just another dull aging couple , you know , with we little walk , you know ... she walk into the bedroom . larry ( voice over ) we be a dull aging couple . carol we tv , we lox and bagel . and ... and we twin cemetery plot ? Larry be seat on he bed . Carol look at some pill bottle on the night table . larry no , we should be as lucky as they . to , you know , to be in they physical shape , at they age ? they look great . do you see the dumbbell this guy lift ? if I lift dumbbell like that , I would get a hernia the size of the San andrea 's fault . carol how often do you think they make love ? she go out of the main part of the room , and the camera follow she . she sit down on the other bed and start take she shoe off . larry ( voice over ) oh , you know , probably more than we do , in they shape . you know , I be sure as much as once a week . carol Larry ? larry ( voice over ) I be exhaust . what ? carol do you still find I attractive ? larry ( voice over ) of course . what kind of question be that ? of course I do . Carol stand up from the bed and move across the room . the camera , still locate in the main part of the room , follow Carol , so we do not actually see she walk , but we see the partition and the large clock on it . carol ( voice over from behind the partition ) yeah , but we be not turn into a pair of comfortable old shoe , be we ? do you think ? Carol reappear on the other side of the partition . larry ( voice over ) never comfortable . carol no ? Larry 's head appear in the forefront of the shot . he be still seat on the bed . larry I do not think you have to worry about that . market place - exterior day Long shot on a large outdoor antique market place in New - York . the camera pan along the stand in the market , show seller and customer . larry ( voice over ) how you guy do ? sy ( voice over ) we be fine . marilyn ( voice over ) we be good . sy ( voice over ) we like that . we be gonna get this one . marilyn ( voice over ) that 's very nice , actually . larry ( voice over ) so , actually ... marilyn ( voice over ) listen , be we go to see you at Elaine 's Thursday ? carol ( voice over ) oh , no . Thursday 's we wagner opera . medium shot on a stand around which Larry , Carol , sy and marily n be stand . sy and Marilyn be a couple about the same age as Carol and Larry . marilyn uh...hum . you know ... Ted 's come to Elaine 's with we . carol Ted . marilyn yeah . carol how be Ted ? marilyn he 's ... he seem to be do well . I mean , I ... I actually think he 's glad ... I think he 's glad he 's divorced . sy well , I do not think he 's ... no , he 's not do ... come on , he 's not do well at all . he 's not use to it . marilyn well he look ... I think he look , you know , like he 's glad . sy look at some of the antique display on the stand . sy yeah , yeah . this . larry so what do you want to do ? you guy gonna browse , or ... sy no , we be gonna go to a movie . marilyn yeah , we be gonna go see '' double indemnity '' . carol oh , really ? marilyn yeah . sy why do not you come with we ? marilyn it start in a little while . movie theater - interior night full shot of the screen of the theater , on which the film '' double Indemnity '' be show . and under the screen , in the dark , the back of some of the spectator 's head . this film be a very famous 1944 film direct by billy wilder , and refer by the Library of Congress as one of the hundred best film of the twentieth century . the term «double indemnity '' refer to a clause in certain life insurance policy that double the payout in case when death be cause by certain accidental mean . barton keye ( play by Edward G. Robinson ) I would have the police after she so fast , it would make she head spin . they would put she through the wringer . and brother , the thing they would squeeze out . walter neff ( play by Fred macmurray ) they have not get a single thing to go on , key . barton keye oh , not too much , I guess . just twenty - six year experience ... all the percentage there be , and this hunk of concrete in my stomach . the third character in the sequence , phyliss dietrichson , play by Barbara stanwyck , be half -hide behind a wall . new - york - larry residence STREET - exterior night full shot of the street , where Larry 's apartment building be locate . the camera be set near the entrance of the building , and Carol and Larry be walk toward we . carol God , that movie be great , be not it ? larry yeah , I ... I ... it be one of my favorite . carol I love it . larry it just ... they be all so wonderful , in the picture . carol you know , who could we fix Ted up with ? I mean , there must be somebody in you office . larry Ted ? carol yeah . larry well , I do not know . Ted ... I always think Ted have a crush on you . carol I ? she laugh . they have reach they building . the camera turn around to follow they inside the building . Larry put he hand on Carol 's back to guide she inside the building . we see a ambulance revolve light reflect in the glass door of the building . larry yeah . why be you so stunne ? I think that ... carol please . I mean , you know , I adore he , but you know , he 's like a girlfriend to I . larry uh. now he 's divorced , you know ? carol do I detect a note of jealousy ? the camera be still on the sidewalk near the entrance of the building and we see Carol and Larry walk toward the elevator . larry landing - hallway - interior night a short black screen , which actually be just a close shot on the outer door of the elevator . this door slide open , and we get a medium shot of Larry and Carol inside the elevator . they seem surprised by what they see on the landing . there be a gather of neighbor , which we do not yet see . but we hear they voice . neighbor ( voice over ) I have to come up here and call nine-one -one . another neighbor ( voice over ) so what 's the trouble ? another neighbor oh , be that the - that the e.m.s. another neighbor ( voice over ) that guy 's so excited . another neighbor ( voice over ) the doctor and the e.m.s. the camera follow Larry walk toward the group of neighbor . Paul 's door be wide open . larry what 's the matter ? what 's go on ? what happen ? he be answer by a tall male neighbor . tall neighbor she have a heart attack . carol ( voice over ) oh my God ! tall neighbor sh - she 's dead . the camera turn around to show we inside the apartment . there be a stretcher stand in the corridor . on the stretcher , a body - lilian 's body - be cover by a white sheet . Three man be stand near the stretcher , one of they wear green glove and write on a clipboard , another one carry a black leather case ( he be evidently a doctor ) . larry ( voice over ) she -she 's dead ? carol ( voice over ) Dead ? neighbor ( voice over ) they be give Mr. House a sedative right now . he 's run around like crazy . the camera turn back to the tall neighbor stand near the front door . a policeman enter the apartment . tall neighbor I call e.m.s. and they get here as soon as they could , but it be too late . larry sh - we just meet she last night . the camera turn back inside the corridor . the doctor be come toward the front door . old female neighbor ( voice over ) awful , just awful . larry ( voice over ) what happen ? doctor well , it be a classic coronary . she just go like that . the camera turn back toward the group of neighbor . carol be there anything we can do ? larry oh , my God . doctor ( voice over ) you can be good neighbor . you know , we calm he down , uh ... larry th- th - th- the first time we see they be last night . we just meet they . w- we have ... they invite we in for coffee . tall neighbor such a ... s... such a nice lady . old female neighbor Nice lady . neighbor with a moustache sweet person . new - york - larry residence STREET - exterior night full shot on the entrance of Larry 's building . Larry and Carol be come out . they be very elegantly dress , Larry wear a suit and a necktie . carol God , okay . larry you look wonderful . Paul be come down the street toward the entrance of the building . he be carry some grocery in a paper bag . carol oh , hallo . paul hi. carol hi , Mr. House , so ... sorry . paul thank you so much for that wonderful flower . Paul seem very relax . he smile a lot , which could be surprising , when we understand he put he wife in the grave only a couple of day ago . carol oh. paul it be quite nice of you . carol that 's ... sure . larry if there 's anything we can do . you know , anything you need , just tell we and we will ... carol no , anything . anything at all . I mean , God , it 's just such a shock when anyone ... it be just so sudden . I mean , she seem so ... God , well , healthy . larry yeah . paul she have a heart condition . carol she do ? she never mention it ... it ... that she be ... larry ah. paul she would not have . carol no. right. well ... larry if there 's anything we can do . carol yeah , anything . really . larry you know , if you need anything , if you be lonely , come by . you know . paul thank you . you know , you owe I a wonderful french dessert . carol oh , no , no , no . I know , I have not forget . believe I , I have not forget . paul well , have a nice time . you seem all gussie up . carol yeah . oh , I know . we be go to the opera . paul oh , enjoy . larry my favorite , my favorite . paul goodnight . he walk away toward the entrance of the building , still smile a lot and look very happy . Carol look at he with a question on she face . larry goodnight . carol goodnight . larry come , we be gonna be late . the metropolitan opera house - exterior night Long shot on the met building . we hear the music from wagner 's the Flying dutchman . the camera slowly tilt down . we do not see Carol and Larry yet , but we hear they voice . carol ( voice over ) the deal be , I sit through the ice hockey game and you watch the whole opera . the camera be now on ground level , and we see Carol and Larry come out of the met . larry I can not listen to that much wagner , you know . I start to get the urge to conquer Poland . they cross the esplanade in front of the met . elaine's restaurant - interior night Elaine 's be a cosy place , like there be many around greenwich Village . Carol and Larry be eat at Elaine 's with sy , Marilyn and Ted . Ted be a quite handsome man in he forty . we get a medium full view of the party , with a very mobile camera move around the table and go from one person to another , get closer to one person , then move slightly away . sy I will tell you something . I think it 's weird . I mean , listen to this . one night she 's have coffee , and the next night they be carry she out in a rubber bag . carol oh , I know , I know . and she do not look like she be ready to go . ted maybe this guy kill she , you know ? like , he 's get , like , a young tootsie stashed someplace , or something . larry no , no , not this ... you gotta , you gotta see this guy . this guy get he jolly from lick the back of postage stamp . he 's a-a boring old ... ted well , I can see that . yeah , depend on whose picture be on the stamp . carol she never once mention that she have a heart condition . larry well , what be she gonna say ? oh , yeah , hello , I be Mrs. House and I have a bad heart . carol well , she have no problem tell I about she hysterectomy in the first five minute . sy it be much easier to talk about a hysterectomy than it be to talk about a heart condition . ted you say she like ... she like eat high cholesterol dessert . be that what you say ? larry so , she have one too many . carol no. no ! she be not on a diet . we discuss diet . larry so she be not on a diet . but ... ted this would be a really great way to kill somebody . sy how ? ted you clog they artery with whipped cream , chocolate mousse , butter . they go like that . Carol be laugh very heartily at Ted 's joke . sy that 's great . larry I like a ... it 's disgusting . ted you know what I mean ? larry it 's disgusting , but a ... it 's fatal . ted would not that be great ? marilyn I would like to french - pastry myself to death right now . sy I will help you . marilyn I really would . sy all right . marilyn in fact , I would like another piece of pie , right after this . do I dare ? I like yours better than this . ted be you gonna start a restaurant ? be you serious about that ? marilyn you really should . you be a great cook . ted because , if you do , count I in . I wanna be part of that . really . larry really ? marilyn you should . carol no . well , I do not know . I mean , you ... be you serious ? ted yeah . oh , oh , God , it would be wonderful . larry what be you encourage she for ? it 's so ... ted she 's great . she 's a great cook . larry I know , but ... carol well , it 's thanks to you , actually . I mean , it be he idea . the cooking lesson , so I mean ... ted yes , I have ... sy yes , but a restaurant be a serious business . I mean , you just can not take that lightly . you can not be cavalier about a restaurant . carol I be not be cavalier about it . larry do you know how time - consume it be ? yeah . you have to be there every night . sy absolutely . larry you would be stick there , you know . ted wait . look , look . larry they steal from , if you be not ... you gotta be hap ... carol but it 's bi ... it 's what I do . it 's - it 's what I do , Larry . ted she will cook ... she 's great . she 's - she 's a pro . she 's a pro . she will be cooking ... she will be cooking in the kitchen . I will be at the front , run the joint like Rick , you know , in '' casablanca» . sy it 's not that easy . marilyn you do it anyway . right as well get pay for it . larry right. direct ... ted I be set , I be serious about it . I do not ... I mean , it 's not like a hobby . I mean , it 's gotta be a serious thing . sy I will be the first customer . larry apartment - bedroom - interior night medium shot of Carol come out of the bathroom . she switch the bathroom light off . she be wear a pink night dress . the camera turn toward Larry 's bed , in which Larry be already lie . he have a book in he hand . larry you know , I be think of fix Ted up with helen dubin . you know , I figure they would just , you know , get into a argument over penis envy , or something . carol oh. larry the poor guy suffer from it so ... Carol put something on the night - table on she side of the bed . carol do he seem a little too cheerful ? she look at some pill bottle on the night table . larry no , he seem like he regular self to I , but - but , uh , when you bring up the notion of the restaurant ... the guy light up like Mr. glowworm . carol the restaurant ? she pick up a hair brush . larry yeah . he see himself as , uh , you know , as humphrey bogart in casablanca . i- I see he more as Peter lorre , wring he hand . Carol start walk toward the other section of the room . the camera follow she . carol no , no , no . no , no , no . I mean , Mr. House , Mr. House . do not seem a little too cheerful to you ? larry ( voice over ) Mr. House , we next - door widower ? Carol stop in front of a large mirror set on the wall in one corner of the room . carol yes . yes . I mean , there 's ... well , you know . I mean , do not he seem too compose for a man whose wife just die . do not you think ? larry ( voice over ) well , Jesus . what do you want the guy to do , walk down the street sobbing hysterically ? Carol start brush she hair . carol well , I do not know . all I know be , they be supposedly look forward to they , you know ... anniversary , and , and , and , you know , uh-uh , i- i- if ... I suddenly drop dead ... would not you sob for month , or - or year , if I ... you know ... larry ( voice over ) hey , do not make that kind of joke , okay ? I do not like that remark . and , meanwhile , I be the guy who need a physical check -up . carol oh , I do not know . larry ( voice over ) uh , uh . Carol walk to a chest of drawer , on top of which she drop the hairbrush . then she switch the light off in the other section of the bedroom , and walk back to the bed . carol I mean , to I he just seem a little too perky . you know ? now , suddenly he want he french dessert , and , '' have a nice time , you know , at the opera» . and , my God , '' we be certainly dress up» . I mean , you know . this guy should be a wreck . she sit down on she side of the bed , and take she sock off . while talk , Larry put the book and he glass on the night - table . Carol switch the light off on she night table and get into the bed . larry right . meanwhile , I can not get the - the Flying dutchman theme out of my mind , you know ? remind I tomorrow to buy up all the wagner record in town and rent a chainsaw . he switch the light off on he bed table . the room be completely dark , and we hear the next sentence on a black screen . carol helen dubin 's wrong for Ted . larry yeah ? carol she 's too mousey . larry well , he 's a little mousey , too . they could have they little rodent time . they can eat cheese together . Carol burst out laugh . the phone start ringing . larry oh , Christ . he switch the light back on , put he glass on he nose and pick up the phone . larry hallo ? yes. yes , of .... yes , of course you wake we . you know , not everybody 's up at one o'clock in the morning watch the porn channel . I will put she on . he give the phone receiver to Carol . carol who be it ? larry Ted . for you . carol Ted , hi . restaurant - interior night medium shot of Ted , dress in a night - gown , and stand near the counter of a restaurant . the room be very dark , only light by a lamp on the counter . ted I figure out how he kill she and make it look like a coronary . he gag she and tie she to the treadmill , and then he turn the exercise program up to the Olympic level . larry apartment - bedroom - interior night carol burst out laugh . carol no , no . you know , I mean , I just think this guy be too perky . you know , I mean he 's not act like a man whose beloved of twenty - eight year die just a few day ago . Larry be try to get the telephone cord , stretch from he night - table to the handset hold by Carol , away from he face . larry Jesus , be you onto that ? my God , I think you be just joke . carol yeah , I know . larry let I speak to he , all right ? carol what ? oh. here . just a sec . here 's larr ... she give the handset to Larry . larry hey , listen . she be not murder . she ... she have a heart attack . it be a coronary . there be a doctor there . he say to .... he be a old man . restaurant - interior night Close shot on Ted , drink from a mug . ted how do you know it be a real doctor ? larry apartment - bedroom - interior night larry I be not gonna touch that . I be tired . I want to go to sleep . look ... restaurant - interior night medium shot of Ted . ted wait-wait - wait a minute , wait a minute , put Carol back on , I call about something else . listen , I know a great location for a restaurant . new - york - a yard - exterior day a yard in the middle of old New - York building . the camera be locate at the inner end of the passage lead from the street to the yard . we get a full shot of Carol and Ted come from the street and walk toward we and the yard . ted hah , look at this . be not this great ? carol well , it 's dark . ted be not this wall great ? a cave , you know , like you have to go through a little cave . carol oh , I see . ted and then you come out , to this here . they have reach the yard . the camera move back to get a medium shot of they both . carol oh , look at this though . it 's really so beautiful . ted yeah . be not it great ? carol but ... it 's kind out of the way for a restaurant , be not it ? ted no , no ... that 's the appeal . that 's just the appeal , because it 's ... it 's , I mean it 's so romantic ... tuck away back in here like this . the camera leave Carol and Ted in the middle of the yard and move up and around to show we the old building around the yard . carol ( voice over ) yeah . ted ( voice over ) and , you do not want street traffic . you want ... carol ( voice over ) no . ted ( voice over ) you want a little out of the way spot that people hear about and lover go to . carol ( voice over ) yeah . ted ( voice over ) it take month to take a reservation , you know ? very few table . the camera move down to ground level to give we a better view of the yard . it do look a bit neglect , with weed grow in between the stone cover the ground . there be some tree and a small out - of- order fountain with a statue on top of it . carol ( voice over ) you know , you have really think this out . ted ( voice over ) oh , well , I use to come here all the time with - with July , when we be marry . carol ( voice over ) uh uh. right . the camera move back to Carol and Ted . ted use to walk around here . really beautiful at night . it 's gorgeous at night . carol it 's beautiful , I bet . ted I use to think , '' what be I do here with July ? we do not love each other any more» , you know ? it make the moment doubly poignant . paul' apartment - corridor - interior night medium shot of the corridor , show the front door . Paul open the front door . Larry and Carol be stand in the doorway . Larry be wear a necktie and Carol be carry a large tray . paul hi. how be you ? carol hi. how be you ? paul oh , my ... carol this be my float island . I hope you like meringue . Paul take the tray from Carol 's hand . paul I love it . come on in , come on in . carol well , okay . paul this be unbelievable . Carol enter the apartment , follow by Larry . carol I know , it 's just ... paul do you do it ? Larry close the door behind he . carol I do do it . I tell you . anyway , this have get ... this be vanilla sauce here and I put little chocolate truffle . paul well , come on in . carol do you like chocolate truffle ? paul would you share it with I ? larry oh , no . she make this just for you . this be ... carol oh , well ... paul' apartment - live room - interior night they all enter the live room . paul no , no , no , it 's too much for one . I will I make some coffee . please . larry they be only half a dozen . carol no , no , no . look , I will make the coffee . that would be better . let I make it . paul oh , you have already do so much . carol no , no . I insist , I insist . go on , sit down , relax . she take the tray from Paul 's hand . paul be not you nice . carol enjoy yourself , you have be through enough . she walk to the kitchen , carry the tray . larry she work on that for ... how're you hold up ? paul oh , I do not know . I be think after a while . I would get away from here . from this place and all its memory . larry uh uh , so you have someone to go with , or be you ... paul I have a brother in Florida . larry oh , really ? paul I be hope he can get away for a while . larry good . it 's a good idea . paul do you like snorkeling ? larry snorkel ? no , no . I get nervous when brightly color fish be stare at I face to face , you know . paul hey , I have get some stamp I want to show you . he turn to he desk to pick up a stamp album . larry oh , stamp . well , that 's ... paul come on , look at this . the camera pan to the kitchen . paul' apartment - kitchen - interior night the conversation between Paul and Larry keep go in the live - room but we can not understand the word . Carol put water in the glass jar of the coffee machine . she put the lid on the jar and turn around to put the jar in the machine . she look in the coffee plastic container and notice there be no coffee inside . she bend down and open the cupboard door . not find any coffee in the cupboard , she close it , stand up and turn around to look inside the cupboard above the sink . she close it , and bend down to look inside the cupboard next to the dishwasher . she seem surprised by something and pause . then she take a copper funeral urn from inside the cupboard . she stand up and take the lid off the urn . she look inside the urn and close it . she seem a bit shocked and bend down to put the urn back inside the cupboard . then she stand up and look absently around she . paul' apartment - live room - interior night a little later . full shot of the room . Larry and Carol be sit next to each other on the sofa . Carol be drink coffee from a cup , and Larry be stare , with he arm cross on he chest , look a little bored . Paul be sit on a armchair and eat the float island from a plate he be hold in he other hand . paul this be very delicious . carol thank you . paul you be a artist . carol well , thanks very much . uh , be it a large ... funeral ? paul oh , no . we have ... very few friend , no family . the camera move closer to Larry and Carol . carol right . just a simple affair , uh ? well , they be the best , be not they ? paul yeah . carol I guess . anyway , then you be laid the rest , and , you know , I be just ... where , um , where be the twin cemetery plot ? we ... because , we be think that that be just such a romantic idea . be not we , Larry ? you know ? Larry ? you remember when we be talk about the twin cemetery plot and , you know , how kind of romantic that be ? remember ? Larry look at he wife . he have a little difficulty to come back into a conversation he be not follow . larry uh-huh . yes , yes . we be . we be spend the eternity with the beloved . I sound like ... I sound like one of that guy , now . the camera pan to Paul . he have put he plate on the low table . paul yes . carol ( voice over ) yes but , I be just wonder where , um , where be the cemetery ? paul oh , it 's ... uh , in ... uh , it 's in nyack . we use to summer there occasionally . he wipe he lip with he napkin . larry apartment - front hall - interior night medium shot . Larry enter the apartment , follow by Carol , who then walk in front of he . larry what be all that stuff about twin cemetery plot ? carol listen , Larry . larry you know ? I mean , we -we never discuss it at all , but I know that you be try to tell I something , so I pick up on it quickly . he close the door behind he . carol listen . larry but I ... you know , we ... carol okay , just ... I be in the kitchen okay ? and I be make the coffee . there be no bean , so , I be look in he cupboard , just to see , you know , and I come across this urn , okay ? and I open it and there be ash in it . larry ash ? funeral ash ? do you wash you hand ? carol Larry , he have she cremate ! larry how do you know it be she , for Christ 's sake ? they be ash . what , do they resemble Mrs. House ? he walk into the live -room . carol oh , and who else would it be , okay ? Larry pick up he jacket from the back of a armchair . larry anybody . could it be , a associate , a old relative , he accountant , he cat . who know ? carol ( voice over ) right , right . Hidden , uh ? Hidden away ? larry what do you mean ? th- th - the guy do not do anything . the camera pan across the hall toward the kitchen . she have a box ( cereal ?) in she hand . carol look , Larry . all I know be he lie , okay ? he lie . she put the box in a cupboard above the sink . then she pick up the phone on the wall . larry ( voice over ) look . maybe-maybe- maybe he be embarrassed . maybe he do not want to spend eternity next to the beloved , so he -he tell we that - uh ... you know , what 's the difference ? who be you call ? carol Ted ! the camera pan back to the live - room and Larry . Larry walk behind a partition , still hold he jacket . the camera follow he movement . larry oh , Jesus . leave the guy alone . you know , he -he ... he 's a poor widower , he want to go on a vacation or something . carol ( voice over ) yeah . where ? oh , I know where , ah ah . snorkel , right ? ah ah . Larry put the jacket on something we do not see because it be hide by the partition . then he pick up a brochure on a low table and walk toward the kitchen . the camera follow he . larry so what ? different stroke . you know , he have fun , uh , sit at the bottom of the water , face to face with squid . Carol be still stand in the kitchen , with the phone handset on she ear . carol oh , I know . I know . what about this ? what if they have a big insurance policy , or something like that , huh ? larry too much '' double Indemnity '' , you know ? carol hu-huh . ( speak on the phone ) hi. yeah . hi , it 's I . listen , we be just in we neighbor 's apartment , right ? Larry walk away from the kitchen . carol yeah . and get this . I come across a urn with ash in it . only he say he have he wife bury . ted' apartment - sitting - room - interior night Ted be lie on a large comfortable sofa , sip beer from a bottle . ted that 's what you do if you do not want a autopsy . you do not want something discover , you know ? like-like poison . larry apartment - kitchen - interior night Carol be still stand up , the telephone handset stick between she ear and she shoulder . carol mm. right . they would have detect poison , would not they ? ted' apartment - sitting - room - interior night ted uh , I do not know . there 's a lot of different kind of exotic poison , you know ? larry apartment - front hall - interior night full shot of the kitchen , see from the hall . Carol be still stand up but now she hold the phone handset with she hand . carol yeah , but why would he ... why would he be lie ? I mean , why - why would he lie at all ? Larry walk back into the kitchen . larry Jesus , you be up to poison already . you guy be slip into a mad obsession . carol yeah . oh , would you do that ? because ... that would be great . because , you know , I be not good at that kind of thing , okay ? all right . okay . well , I will talk to you later . okay , bye . she put the phone back on its hook on the wall larry let 's go to bed . could we go to bed , now ? carol hey , I be not tired . larry what do you mean , '' you be not tired '' ? carol you know , Ted 's gonna check with the funeral home , tomorrow . larry great . carol you know what I mean ? I mean , I do not understand why you be not , not more fascinate with this . we could be live next door to a murderer , Larry . larry well , New York be a melting pot . you know , get use to it . larry apartment - bedroom - interior night later in the night . medium shot on the bed . Larry be asleep , but Carol be not . she move in the bed , and then sit up . she turn around , pat she pillow , and try to lie back on she side . but she sit up again , look around the room . eventually , she get out of the bed . she walk around the bed in the dark , and switch on the light in the corridor . the camera follow she in the corridor . larry apartment - front hall - interior night Carol switch the light on in the hall , then she look into the peephole in the front door . carol oh my God ! the camera turn around toward the corridor . Larry be get out of the bedroom , put he slipper on . larry hey , be you okay ? Carol walk in the corridor toward he . carol Larry . Larry , I hear a noise . i- i- I hear a noise in the hallway , so I just ... I ... you know , I - I look and I think ... I think Mr. House be get on the elevator . Larry hop toward she , still try to put he slipper on . she back up and they be now both in the front hall . larry yeah ? you be sure ? carol yeah , you know , I be ... I be - I be ... almost certain that it be he . larry so - so - so what ? carol just , you know ... I mean , who else could it be ? larry so what ? it 's not a crime . he can get on the elevator . carol I know . I know . but wh- who would it be at one - thirty in the morning ? larry oh , Jesus . I be in a deep sleep . what - what 's the difference ? carol but , you mean , you know how we be always complain about live on the geriatric floor . do you know what I be say ? a joke ? while Larry be answer she , Carol open the front door and peek into the hallway . larry all right , so it be Mr. House . so he get on the elevator . it 's not a felony . the guy pay rent . he 's entitle . I mean , what ... can you go back to bed ? this be crazy . you wake I up out of a deep sleep . I gotta get up early tomorrow morning . Carol close the door , and walk toward the kitchen . the camera follow she . larry apartment - kitchen - interior night Carol look through a notebook . carol I know what I be gonna do . I be gonna ring he up . I be gonna ring he apartment . I be gonna see if he 's home . larry ( voice over ) you be gonna ring Mr. House , now ? carol yes , because this be really ... larry ( voice over ) what be you talk about ? carol it 's very sus ... Larry join Carol when she already have the handset in she hand . but she succeed in dial Paul 's number . larry do not ring Mr ... what be you do ? no , do not ring ... carol let I just ... Larry , do not . wait . larry do not ring Mr. house . this be a widower . leave the poor guy alone . you be crazy . stop it . Carol listen to the phone . carol that 's one ring . larry so you see he go out . it 's not a- not a crime . carol okay , two ring . he 's not there , yet . Larry take the handset from Carol 's hand . larry give I this . give I this . carol what be you do ? larry look , if you want to find out if somebody leave , just call downstairs . call the- the- the person at the desk . carol all right , I will call . just keep ringing . larry ask if someone go out . carol keep ringing . larry yeah , um . sure , I be gonna keep ringing . you get it . while Carol walk out of the kitchen , Larry put the phone back on its hook on the wall . carol oh , man . Carol walk into the hall . the camera follow she . larry apartment - front hall - interior night larry ( voice over ) this be insane . what 's get into you ? Carol pick up the building internal telephone handset from the wall . carol I do not know . what be he do ? where be this guy at one - thirty in the morning ? you know what I be say ? larry ( voice over ) it 's not you business . he can go any place he want . carol ( in the phone ) hallo ? yes , hallo . this be Mrs. Lipton . yes . do anybody just leave the building ? I be just ... hmm . you be sure ? you be sure no one ? no , okay . all right . yes . thank you . while she be talk on the phone , the camera have move toward Larry , stand at the entrance of the kitchen . larry okay . be you happy ? we hear the noise of the phone be put back on its hook . carol I do not believe this . man , I do not get it . Larry join he wife in the hall . larry now , can we back to bed ? carol no . larry for cry out loud , it 's no big deal . you be make a mystery where nothing exist . carol just let I think about this a second . okay , I get it . wait . I know , it ... no , wait . listen to I . Larry ... listen . he get on the elevator , okay ? larry you know , I be gonna ... carol no , wait . no , no , listen to this . no. larry I wanna go to sleep . I do not want to be stand here in the middle of the night . carol I know . Larry , he get on the elevator and he take it to the basement . larry oh , great ! great ! so what ? now , what have you get ? carol he have a car , right ? he 's get the garage door key , he open ... he could ... he have the ... larry so what ? so what ? carol what do you mean , «so what '' ? he 's ... larry what 's the big deal ? so , the next - door neighbor go out in the middle of the night and take he car . so , he go someplace . carol all right . so , I be right , though . she start walk back to the bedroom . Larry follow she . the camera remain in the front hall , filming they . larry that 's all . carol I mean , I be right . larry I mean , so you be right . so big deal . carol yes , he be not in he apartment . larry but this kind of right be gonna put we in the toilet . so , you be right . you be suspicious . carol yeah , that 's right . larry it say more about you mind that about he . carol what about you rigidity ? how about that ? larry get into bed . get into bed . carol how about that point ? larry you be so ... what 's wrong with you ? Jesus ! they disappear in the bedroom . new - york - larry residence STREET - exterior day Long shot on the crossroad between the street where Larry 's residence be locate and another street . Carol be crossing the street . she stop walk while on the crosswalk . the camera zoom on she and we see a expression of surprise on she face . reverse angle long shot on the entrance of Larry 's building . Paul come out of the building . the camera zoom on he : he look around he as if afraid to be follow . reverse angle shot on Carol look at he from a distance . she enter she building . she smile to the attendant on duty . carol hi ! larry build - basement - interior day full shot of Carol walk down the staircase lead to the basement . we see she through the glass panel of a heavy metal safety door . she open the door . carol Jack ? the camera follow Carol to a reverse angle shot show the workshop of Jack , the factotum caretaker of the building . with a screwdriver and a plier in he hand , he be work on something we do not see . carol Jack , do you think you could come upstairs today , because I get a leak in the kitchen ? jack well , yeah . yeah . carol you can ? jack sure . carol well , but , it will be this afternoon . jack but I ... I get ... carol all right , you be not gonna go now ? jack I will be back in about a minute . Jack walk out of he workshop and along one of the basement corridor . carol in a minute . jack okay , just wait a second . I will be right back . the camera follow Jack walk away . carol ( voice over ) yeah . okay . all right . oh , god. the camera turn around to a reverse angle shot on Carol , still in the workshop . she look around , apparently look for something . she peek through the door of the workshop , to make sure Jack be not come back too early . Carol rush to a key - box on the wall , into which there be a spare key for every apartment in the building . she select a key , take it out of the box and put it in she pocket . then she leave the workshop toward the staircase . larry landing - hallway - interior day full shot of the hallway . Carol come out of the elevator , and look around she . she walk back and forth in the hallway , before come back to Paul 's apartment door , just in front of the elevator . she open the door with the key she have just steal in Jack 's workshop . paul' apartment - corridor - interior day full shot of the front door , see from the live room . the front corridor be completely dark . the door open and Carol walk in . she close the door behind she . Carol walk toward the live room , and the light come from the window . paul' apartment - kitchen - interior day Carol cross the kitchen . she kneel down to look into the cupboard where she have find the funeral urn . apparently the urn be not there anymore . new york - a STREET - exterior day Long shot on a crosswalk in New - York . Paul be crossing the street . the camera zoom on Paul . he have almost cross the street , but he suddenly stop a few foot from the next sidewalk . he feel he jacket : apparently he have forget something in he apartment . he turn around and start walk back on the crosswalk . paul' apartment - kitchen - interior day Carol be still look in all the cupboard of the kitchen . she get out of the kitchen into the live - room . paul' apartment - live - room - interior day the camera pan around the room , follow Carol , who look inside every piece of furniture in the room . new york - a STREET - exterior day medium shot of Paul walk along the sidewalk , go back toward he apartment . paul' apartment - live - room - interior day Carol have pick up a few papers from a low table , and be look at they . she put she hand into she trouser pocket to get she glass out . she put she glass on to have a better look at the document she have find . larry build - lobby - interior day through the window of the lobby , we get a full shot of Paul come toward the entrance of the building . a attendant rush to open the door for he . paul' apartment - live - room - interior day Carol be sit at the desk . she have open the drawer of the desk and be look through its content . she take a Air France ticket folder out of the drawer and look inside it . then she pick up another one . larry build - lobby - interior day medium shot of Paul enter the elevator . paul' apartment - live - room - interior day Carol close the drawer of the desk . she stand up and pick up the phone from the desk and start dial a number . ted' apartment - sitting - room - interior day full shot of the room , which be quite wide . Ted be seat at he desk , and the shot be take from the other side of the room , show Ted 's back . the phone ring . Ted pick it up . ted hallo ? paul' apartment - live - room - interior day medium close shot of Carol speak on the phone . carol Ted ... I be in he apartment . larry build - elevator - interior day medium close shot of Paul inside the cabin of the elevator . he give a quick look up to the floor number above the door . paul' apartment - live - room - interior day same shot of Carol on the phone . carol the urn be miss . it 's go . yeah , I think it might have be . he have this satchel last night . he be carry this bag , and I think that might have be what he have in he satchel . ted' apartment - sitting - room - interior day Close shot of Ted 's back . he be still seat at he desk and talk on the phone ted listen , I would get out of there right away , if I be you . the camera move around Ted , show the typewriter he be type on . ted no , no , no . go , go , go . we will do ... we will talk more from you apartment . paul' apartment - live - room - interior day same shot of Carol on the phone . carol he 's not go snorkeling with he brother . he 's get two ticket to Paris , and he 's get reservation at the Georges cinq hotel with a woman name helen moss . she turn around , because she feel she hear a noise in the landing hallway . larry landing - hallway - interior day one of Paul 's neighbor be stand in the hallway , wait for the elevator . he 's get some document in he hand . the elevator ding and the door open . Paul come out . neighbor oh. hi. how be you ? paul good morning . how be you ? Paul have he key in he hand and be ready to open he apartment door . neighbor good . you get the notice on the ... uh , maintenance increase ? Paul turn around to look at the neighbor . paul no . when do that happen ? paul' apartment - live - room - interior day Close shot on Carol , whisper in the phone and look toward the front door . carol I be gonna look around and see what else I can dig up here , okay ? yeah . I be tell you , this be just ... Ted , I - I be just dizzy with freedom . this be just ... uh , this be just the craziest thing I have ever do . ted' apartment - sitting - room - interior day Close - up shot on the ashtray , where a cigarette be burn slowly . the camera pan to a close - up shot on Paul 's face , still on the phone . ted yes , it 's crazy . but soon , we will be too old to do anything crazy . go , leave , leave , leave . paul' apartment - live - room - interior day Carol put the phone down on the desk . she stand and turn around when she hear the front door open . Black screen shot on the front door in the dark of the corridor , then the camera quickly spin around to show Carol , stand in the live - room , with a frighten look on she face . she walk away from the room . the camera spin back to the front door , which open . Paul enter and switch the light on . he close the front door , and walk along the corridor to the live - room . Carol walk into the kitchen from the live - room . the camera pan to Paul , look for something on he desk . he look through all the document scattered on the desk . the camera pan back to Carol , hide in the kitchen , then back to Paul . Paul open both he hand in a gesture of despair : apparently , he have not find what he be look for . he start walk across the room , and the camera pan back to Carol in the kitchen . she rush out of the kitchen . the camera remain at the same spot , and we see Paul in the live - room , still look for whatever he be miss . he walk out of the live - room through the kitchen . paul' apartment - bedroom - interior day Paul enter the room , look in the inner pocket of he jacket . he walk around the room , and open a closet . he look through the hang clothes , and find a few document in one of the jacket . he close the closet , and start look through the document he have find . he put they inside the inner pocket of he jacket . he start walk out of the room , when the phone ring . he stop and pick up the phone receiver on one of the night - table . paul hallo . medium shot of Carol hide under the bed . we notice she do not have she glass anymore . paul ( voice over ) oh , hi . yeah . I know . i- I ... yes , I miss you , too . I do . I make all the arrangement . back to Paul stand by the bed and talk in the telephone . paul yeah , look . I ... okay , I have to run . but I will see you later , okay ? okay . he put the phone down on its hook , and start walk out of the room . he stop , think for a couple of second , turn around , sit on the bed and pick up the phone . back to Carol under the bed . the bed frame hit she back when Paul sit on it . she look up . we hear Paul dial a number . paul ( voice over ) extension five . well , keep ringing , would you please ? because I just talk to she . what ? okay . uh , will you tell she ... yes , tell she that Tom call . Tom . thank you . back to Paul sit on the bed . he put the phone down on its hook , stand up and start walk out of the room . back to Carol under the bed , wait for Paul to get out of he apartment . new - york - a STREET - exterior day start from street level , the camera tilt up along a very modern office building , all glass and steel . a sign , above the main entrance , say '' 10 East 53 '' . this be the building where Larry 's office be locate . larry'office - interior day full shot of a large office room . in the forefront , a reception desk , with a young female receptionist talk to someone we still do not see . come from the other end of the room , Larry be walk with marcia , a tall dark - haire lady , wear sunglass . larry so , I think you rewrite be great . I really think you help you book , you know ? it 's ... it 's dense a little bit , but , uh ... marcia well , I do not want it to be too transparent , I mean ... they be now at the reception desk level , and , since the camera be follow they , we can see the young gentleman the receptionist be talk with . larry that 's ... that 's something you be never gonna have to worry about , you know ? this book make '' finnegan 's wake» look like airplane read , you know ? but - but it 's long . it 's - it 's - it 's ... they be now walk along a corridor . marcia you know , you be the only editor in the world I will take suggestion from , but even you should not push it . larry no , I be not push it . I think the book be great . absolutely great . you know , but , uh ... how much , how much of dorothy be you ? as I be read it , I keep think how much be ... you know , how much do you base it on you own life ? they have now reach a smaller room , actually Larry 's private room . marcia take she glass off , and then she coat , and sit on a sofa . marcia well , I be a waitress . I live with a poet . I be a film critic . larry ( voice over ) right , but not - not a blackjack dealer , right ? marcia no , but I put myself through school play poker . the camera pan to Larry , who be stand up at the other end of the room , look through some document . larry oh , really ? do you still play ? marcia ( voice over ) no , but I still know how . larry yes ? be you good ? marcia ( voice over ) yeah . larry yeah , because maybe you could give I some pointer . marcia ( voice over ) I could turn you game around in two hour . larry could you ? that 's great . that 's ... you know , you - you have all this skill , and you be beautiful , and you can write so well ... and now it turn out you play poker . this be , uh , too good to be true . Larry sit down with the pile of document on he lap . the camera pan back to marcia . she have a cigarette in she hand . marcia well , I would not say beautiful . larry ( voice over ) oh , I would . marcia but I do have tremendous sex -appeal . the camera pan back to Larry , who be look through the huge pile of paper on he lap , perhaps a manuscript . larry okay , you sell I . be - be you see anybody ? marcia ( voice over ) no . do not let my confidence fool you , it 's a facade . why do you ask ? larry because I have a friend who become single recently , and I - I know he would get a big kick out of you . marcia ( voice over ) oh . so , when do you want you poker lesson ? larry uh , next week . I could take you to lunch . we could - we could , um , I will put you on my expense account , and you could ... teach I when to ... bet and when to fold . marcia ( voice over ) how about a cheeseburger right now ? the phone ring . larry now ? that 's a possibility . Larry pick up the phone from a small table . larry you know , we could , we could do ... ( talk into the telephone ) hallo . yes ? where be you ? the camera pan back to marcia , who listen to Larry , smoking she cigarette . larry ( voice over ) be everything okay ? really ? no , I could , sure . the camera pan back to Larry . larry I could . yeah . I need - I need , you know , five minute , or so . okay . yes . yes . I know where it be . okay , hold on . he put the telephone down on its hook . larry I can not do it . I have to ... my wife , I have a little thing I have to do . I will do the cheeseburger with you next week , or something . the camera pan back to marcia , who be smile . marcia Story of my life ! she crush she cigarette in and ashtray and stand up . new - york - a park - exterior day full shot of a round concrete pond , with a fountain in the middle pour water . in the background , a meadow , with chair scattered on it . Carol be stand by the pond . Larry be talk to she , look very nervous . larry what do you mean , you snuck into he apartment ? be you nut ? carol oh , stop be such a fuddy - dud . larry a fuddy - dud ? Carol start walk around the pond . Larry follow she . carol yeah . larry what be you talk about ? that 's a crime . you can not do that . you ... that 's - that 's burglary and break and enter . but ... what have get into you lately ? for cry out loud , save a little craziness for menopause . carol it be a cinch . I take the key and I just let myself in . larry hey , look . do ... I do not want to ... you - you will wind up rooming with John gotti . you can not do that . you can not just steal the key and then go into somebody 's apartment . carol listen . he 's not go snorkeling with he brother , okay ? okay ? larry I do not wanna know . I do not wanna be a accessory . carol he 's go to Paris , to a fancy hotel with a woman name helen moss . larry tell Ted . I do not want to know . leave I alone . they keep on walk around the pond , the camera follow they from a fix location . they be now hide by the fountain . carol ( voice over from behind the fountain ) I tell Ted . larry ( voice over from behind the fountain ) you tell Ted before you tell I ? carol ( voice over from behind the fountain ) yeah . he 's more open-minded about this thing . larry ( voice over from behind the fountain ) yes , I know . I be - I be - I be a bore . I be - because i- because I do not break the law , you know ? carol ( voice over from behind the fountain ) yeah . larry ( voice over from behind the fountain ) I live within the constitution , so I be dull . carol ( voice over from behind the fountain ) listen . perhaps he get rid of the urn , okay ? they appear back from behind the fountain . larry I - I do not wanna hear . leave I alone . do not tell I . carol he talk on the phone with a woman . larry how do you know ? carol because he ... well , he come back while I be there , you know , so ... larry he do ? carol yeah , but I hide under the bed . larry you hide under he bed ? carol he do not see I , Larry . he do not see I at all . larry I can not believe this . my stomach be curdle , here I ... carol he be - he be very lovey - dovey with he kind of bimbo , you know ? he keep say stuff like , you know , «do not worry , it 's gonna be all right . we be gonna be together . '' that kind of thing . they keep on walk around the pond , slowly come back toward the camera , which move a little to meet they . larry but what would you have do if he , if he find you out ? carol I know , listen , I - I could not think that far ahead . larry that far ahead ? you be talk two second . carol no , I c... larry he could have look under the bed and there you be . what do you ... carol yeah , but ... Larry , listen . and then , listen to this . he - he call this woman back . probably this - this helen moss woman , right ? larry I do not wanna know . leave I alone . carol and when he call she back , she 's not there . and then he leave this message , and he say : '' tell she Tom called» . you know what I be say ? tom. Tom , Larry . they be back at the same place where we see they first by the pond . they stop walk . larry yeah , yeah . I ... I know , I get it , he name be Paul , but I do not care . I do not wanna hear . carol well , okay . well , I will tell you . I think I do ... larry I just do not ... carol I think I do a great job , and so do Ted . I do not think a private eye could have do any better than I . I put everything back where I find it , I be very careful . I make one mistake . larry what ? carol I leave my read glass on he table . Larry look at she with a very puzzle eye . larry landing - hallway - interior night medium close shot on Paul 's apartment front door . we get a close shot of the back of Carol 's head . the door open on Paul . carol oh , hallo . hi. i- I think I would bring you some chocolate mousse . I know how much you enjoy the last dessert . Carol walk rapidly inside the apartment , follow by Larry . Paul look a bit surprised by this intrusion . he follow they along the corridor . he do not even close he front door ! paul' apartment - corridor - interior night the camera follow the three person along the corridor . paul well , thank you . carol I think I would - I would give you , you know , another shot at something really delicious . do you want I to serve that for you , because , you know , you should have it while it 's still fresh . the shot become a bit wider , we notice that Paul be carry the tray of chocolate mousse that Carol give he when enter he apartment . larry and you can divide it up and we can all have some . carol that would be great . that 's a great idea . larry you will really like this dessert . paul okay , I will get some plate for it . wait a minute . Paul walk out of the corridor toward he kitchen , and Carol rush into the live - room . carol okay , that would be really good . larry yeah , that 's great . paul' apartment - live room - interior night they both start search the room frenetically . while Larry look on the desk , Carol search the rest of the room , even kneel on the floor . carol ( whispering ) come over here . I put them ... um ... right here . right in here somewhere . the first ... wait . I should ... ( to Paul , with a much louder voice ) uh , how - how be you do in there ? you need ... Larry drop thing on the floor . with a nervous gesture , Carol shush he . carol you need any help ? the camera pan to the kitchen , where Paul be prepare the dessert . paul no , I be fine . I will be right in . carol ( voice over ) um ... okay , great . the camera pan back to the live room , where Larry be still nervously mess thing on the desk . then he start move around the room , look for he wife 's glass . Carol put thing back in order on the desk . Larry walk to she , and whisper something we can not understand . larry ( to Paul , with a louder voice ) be you okay ? can-can-can-can we do anything for you ? paul ( voice over from the kitchen ) coffee or tea ? carol tea . it 's what ... I would like to have some tea . Paul walk into the room , with a pair of glass in he hand . paul you know , I find you glass . carol mine ? paul this be yours , be not they ? carol yes . larry no . carol uh , no . yeah . uh ... no no no no no . they ... they ... oh , god. Carol and Larry both look very nervous . Carol take the glass from Paul 's hand . larry no , no , that be not yours . this be the same , actually . they be , be not they ? this - this - this one , be . carol they be actually ... they be mine . honey , they be mine . I ... you know what happen ? I think the other night , I must have leave they here . it 's the strangest thing . paul do you ? I do not notice that . carol no , no . yeah . I know . because , remember , you be say that you think that I leave they at you mother 's house ? Carol and Larry both look very embarrassed . Paul look at they with a slight surprised eye . larry at you mother 's house . carol that 's right . of course , so ... she turn toward Paul , who have remain very calm . paul that mousse look fabulous . carol anyway , it 's so good . I love mousse . paul thank you very much . carol hey , listen , be you look forward to go snorkeling in the Caribbean ? paul very much . very much . carol uh uh . paul that 's funny . I find that glass under my bed . carol that 's because I must have drop they and they probably get kick under . larry kicked under , right , because what she will do , she will drop ... carol they be just ... larry she will always drop thing and she will kick they all around the house . carol they f... paul the mousse ? he walk away to the kitchen , with a strange smile on he face . larry she 's always - she 's always kick ... Carol look at Larry with a meaning look , to make he stop rambling . carol anyway , I would love to have some mousse . larry yes , really ? remember there be the time you kick the mousse under the bed in the house . remember that ? it be ... Carol walk away toward the kitchen . carol I remember . larry it take - take six month to get the ... new - york - a STREET - exterior day medium full shot of Carol wait under the awning of a place ( hotel or club ) call the '' five hundred» . she hear a car stop and she look at the street . ted ( voice over ) hi. I be sorry I be late . the traffic 's murder . Carol run to the car . carol I know , but where ... where be we go ? ted ( voice over from inside the car ) I look up , look up helen moss in the phone book . Carol climb into the car and close the door . carol ( voice over from inside the car ) yeah . ted ( voice over from inside the car ) it be just H. moss . carol ( voice over from inside the car ) right . ted ( voice over from inside the car ) so I - it 's on Bank Street ... the car drive away , with Ted 's voice fade as the car get away from we . ted ( voice over from inside the car ) Bank Street ... we be go to go down and do surveillance . I get a lot whole of food . it 's great . I call up this ... I call this number . new - york - bank STREET - exterior day full view of the corner of two very quiet street . a brick building cover with vine . the camera pan away from the building to Ted 's car park on the other side of the street corner . medium shot of the inside of the car , through the open window on the passenger 's side , Carol 's side . ted there 's she house . carol right . so we should just sit here and wait , huh ? ted yeah . carol okay . they look at each other and laugh . slightly later . medium shot through the windshield . the view be a little blurred by the daylight reflection on the windshield . ted maybe he think that if he , if he , if he divorced she , she would - she would hit he for a ton of alimony . or maybe she , maybe she control the family fortune . what do you think of that ? carol oh , I do not know . yeah , maybe we be wrong , Ted . maybe we be just , you know ... I mean , maybe she die of natural cause , like the doctor say and we be just two people with , you know , hyperactive imagination whose life need a little shot of adrenaline . Ted look through the paper food - bag he have bring with he . ted do yours ? I will tell you , mine need something . carol yeah ? what 's that , there ? ted you want ? they be jelly doughnut . you want a jelly doughnut ? carol ( with a disgust tone in she voice ) ooh . ted eh ? come on . no , come on . come on . you gotta get into it . carol okay . ted oh my god. look , look , look , look , look ! the camera pan to the other corner of the street . two people , a male and a female , be come out of the brick building . carol ( voice over ) what ? what ? what ? what ? ted ( yell in voice over ) helen ! helen ! ( back to a normal low voice ) duck , duck , duck ! neither one of the couple have turn around at the sound of Ted 's yell , and they start walk down the street , away from the corner . carol ( voice over ) Ted ! God , oh ... oh . ted ( yell in voice over ) helen ! the camera pan back to the car , look through the open window on the passenger 's side . Carol be hide under the dashboard . Ted be hide he face with he paper bag , hold a paper cup in the other hand . ted it 's not she . carol it 's not she ? she sit back in she seat . ted no , it 's not she . Carol laugh . ted what ... carol oh , God , you really have this work out , do not you ? she keep on laugh . Ted start laugh too . slightly later . it be raining . it be still the same medium shot through the passenger 's window , but the window be now close , with the rain pour on the window - pane . ted I figure she would come out and go to work , you know ? carol maybe she do not work . maybe she 's like ... you and she have writer hour . ted I be write a play about something that happen to you and I . carol oh , God . oh , dear . what ? ted remember - remember that time ... you and ... you and I and Larry and Julie be all on that - that eat tour of France ? carol oh , god. yeah . yeah . ted and they , and then they wander off and they forget to pick we up ? you remember ? we have to share that bed - and - breakfast place . carol right . do you remember that wonderful cottage ? ted yeah . carol and I remember ... that we share a bedroom together , right ? ted yeah , but not a bed . the camera pan away from the car to the other corner of the street . someone be come out of the brick building . it be apparently a male wear white pants . he open a umbrella . carol ( voice over ) no , not a ... well , God . you be too gentlemanly to suggest that . ted well , it 's not ... not that I do not think of it . the camera follow the man with white pants , while he be crossing the street on the other side of the street from the car . carol no. well , I know what be go on in you mind ... because of the way you keep ply I with chateau margaux , remember ? the camera be back behind the passenger 's window of the car . though the car-window , we see the white - pants - man walk on the sidewalk on the other side of the street . Ted and Carol do not seem to notice he at all . ted it could have be we little secret , then you pass out . carol well , you ... yeah , God . it seem like a long time ago , do not it ? ted not that long ago . slightly later . the rain have stop . same shot through the passenger 's window of the car , but the window be now open again . a long pause . Ted and Carol seem to be both lose they in they own thought . then Ted give a look outside and come back to attention . ted look , look , look , look . carol oh , what ? the camera pan to the other side of the street . a woman be come out of the brick building . ted ( yell in voice over ) helen ! ( with a softer voice ) duck , duck , duck , duck , duck ! on the other side of the street , the woman have stop and be look around she . carol ( voice over ) oh , god , yeah . right . ted ( voice over ) she do not see we . she do not see we . carol ( voice over ) no ? no . that 's gotta be she . ted ( voice over ) I will bet it 's ... the woman start walk again on the sidewalk . carol ( voice over ) be you sure ? ted ( voice over ) I mean , she answer to helen . carol ( voice over ) she answer to ... she 's pretty . ted ( voice over ) yeah , I will say . the woman have reach the corner of the street and she lift she arm . carol ( voice over ) she 's ... what be she do ? she 's get a ... ted ( voice over ) she 's get a cab . a yellow cab stop near the woman . carol ( voice over ) okay , okay . hold on . ted ( voice over ) keep - keep down . carol ( voice over ) okay , do not worry . do not worry . ted ( voice over ) I be gonna follow she . carol ( voice over ) all right . the woman open the cab door and climb into it . new - york - a STREET - exterior day Long shot of a street cover with a metal structure . we could be under a commuter train bridge . the yellow cab be drive toward we . the cab stop at the corner of the street with another street . the woman come out of the cab , and walk away on the sidewalk of the other street . the camera pan back to the first street and we see Ted 's car come toward we . the camera stop at the corner of the street and Carol walk out of the car . she run in the direction of helen , and wave Ted to join she . the camera pan to the end of the street , which actually be a dead end street with the back door of a movie house . the woman enter the movie house . paul be movie house - interior day medium shot of a door lead to a emergency stair way . helen , the woman we just see come out of the yellow cab , be come down the step and through the door . she be blonde , young and pretty . paul ( voice over ) watch you step . it 's very steep . be careful . behind helen , Paul be come out of the stairway . helen have stop to look around she . helen oh , this be beautiful . paul be not it ? helen yeah . the camera pan away from the couple toward the main hall of the movie house . it be a old - fashioned movie house , with red velvet seat , and a carve balcony . paul ( voice over ) well , we only show revival now . this week , we have Fred astaire . next week , we have a Orson Welles festival . helen ( voice over ) oh , yeah ? paul ( voice over ) yeah , it will be about the last thing we do before we start renovate . the camera keep on pan around the room . helen ( voice over ) mm. oh , Paul , I ... paul ( voice over ) oh , come on , there 's nobody around . we hear moan and kissing sound . helen ( voice over ) I - I ... paul ( voice over ) come on . helen ( voice over ) okay . paul be movie house - backstage - interior day full shot of the backstage behind the screen . in a corner , a stairway go to the top of the backstage . half -hidden on the stairway , Carol and Ted . helen ( voice over ) I have never be behind a movie screen before like this . paul ( voice over ) strange , be not it ? helen ( voice over ) yeah . paul ( voice over ) use to be a first - run house when the neighborhood be better . the camera pan to the back of the screen , in front of which Paul and helen be stand . helen oh. paul beautiful , huh ? look around . helen all this mirror . the camera pan around the room , where a lot of huge mirror be stack . paul huh ? well , it use to be all mirror , and it be quite beautiful . the camera tilt down to give we a closer shot on the mirror . paul ( voice over ) I be have all this break glass replace as we go along with this renovation . you know , they use to have stage show , here . now , of course , we only show old movie . the camera tilt back up on Paul and helen . helen it have such a lonely feel . paul that 's because I be the only one here . and my assistant , Mrs. dalton . I be gonna have this place fix up , then I be gonna sell it . the money 's gonna come in handy . helen it sure will . Paul look around , a bit worried . paul what 's that noise ? helen where ? the camera pan to the other side of the room , where a middle - age woman with red curly hair have just enter . she be gladys dalton , Paul 's assistant . she be walk with the help of a cane . paul ( voice over ) oh , Mrs. dalton . I do not know you be here so early . gladys oh , uh , I - I do not know whether an-anyone be here . i- I be sorry . i- i- I hear the noise and I think ... paul ( voice over ) it 's quite all right . gladys but , but , uh ... paul ( voice over ) it 's quite all right . gladys I apologize . paul ( voice over ) quite all right . gladys all right . gladys dalton start go out of the room and the camera tilt up on the stairway , on which Ted and Carol be still hide . helen ( voice over ) I would love to really get a act job . I have it with this modeling . paul ( voice over ) maybe you will not have to work at all . Ted and Carol be move away from the stairway , which remain empty . larry apartment - bedroom - interior night Close shot on the clock on the wall : the time be just after one o'clock . the room be completely dark and the clock be the only source of light . the camera pan to the bed and on Carol , sound asleep . we hear a noise , like a object drop down . Carol instantly wake up . she get up and the camera pan to Larry , still asleep . he eventually wake up , move around in the bed , take he glass from the night - table and put they on he nose . carol ( whisper in voice over ) oh , my God . slowly Larry get out of the bed . larry what 's the matter ? carol ( voice over ) Larry , come with I , okay ? Larry start walk along the corridor . larry oh , geez , I be ... carol ( voice over ) come on . larry I be fast asleep . I be dream of round card girl . larry apartment - front hall - interior night Larry have reach the front hall . Carol be look through the peephole of the front door . carol okay . uh , it look like he 's go . yeah . yeah . he 's go . larry oh , Christ . not that again . please , you know ... carol listen , Larry . I want to take another look around he apartment . yeah . Carol walk along the corridor toward the bedroom . Larry follow she . larry what be you talk about ? where be you go ? carol listen . larry it 's - it 's one o'clock in the morn ... carol he will never be back , Larry . larry what ? what ? larry apartment - bedroom - interior night carol no , he 's not come back . not for at least a hour , a hour and a half . larry what - what be you do ? you get he key ? carol yeah . larry you be kid . what be you talk about ? you can not do ... why ... because you - you follow he to the movie house , you - you say there be nothing happen . carol no , wait a minute , look , he be with this young model type , and they be talk about money . Carol be put she shoe on . larry well , so what ? that 's the ... carol so , that 's the motive . larry what ... hey , listen to I . come here . carol what be you talk about ? Carol walk back through the corridor toward the front hall . Larry follow she . larry come here . wait a minute . come here . look , look . carol come here . what do you mean , Larry ? larry I have be think about you . larry apartment - front hall - interior night carol what do you mean ? larry I think you gotta see ... I gotta ... you gotta , you gotta go back to you shrink . carol what do you m... larry I want you to see Doctor ballard again . carol huh ? Larry , I go for two year . larry I be s... yeah . I know . but you ... carol just come ... come on . larry you know how General Motors will recall defective car ? well , you gotta go in for a tune - up . carol Larry , we will be in and out in five minute . larry you get ... no. no. carol five . only five . larry I ... what ... I be tell you , I be you husband . I command you to sleep ! he point to the bedroom . carol well , I do not ... larry sleep ! I command it ! carol no , I ... larry I command it ! sleep ! carol Larry , all I can tell you be , if this have be a few year ago , you would have be do the same thing . because if you recall , we solve a mystery . yep , we solve a mystery once . remember ? it be the - it be the noise in the attic mystery . larry uh , yes . the country house . the bluebird . I know . carol that 's right . so ... larry but that , though , be a sweet mystery . this be murder . carol this ... wh ... you agree , right ? it 's murder , Larry ? so , I be right . she open the front door and walk out of the apartment . larry no , I ... yeah , look , no , I - I forbid you ! I forbid you to go ! it 's a-a ... I be forbid ! be that what you do when I forbid you ? if - if that 's what you ... I be not go to be forbid you a lot , if you do ... larry landing - hallway - interior night full shot of the landing . Carol be walk rapidly toward we and Paul 's apartment . Larry walk behind she . Carol take Paul 's key out of she pocket and try to open the front door . but she take the wrong key on the key . carol oh , damn it . Larry take she by the shoulder . larry do not do this . we should be asleep , now , in one of we many cuddle position . carol please , stop it , will you ? please , be quiet , Larry . larry this be wrong . carol be quiet . you be gonna wake up the neighbor , okay ? okay , I get it . I get it . she open the door . paul' apartment - live room - interior night full shot of the front door , see from the live room . a small lamp be still light on a low table . the door open and Carol walk in , follow by Larry . larry this be no good . I promise you , this could only lead to great unhappiness . carol listen , Larry ... relax , okay ? she close the front door . larry pl ... I can not relax . how can I relax ? I be in a strange man 's apartment in my , in my T-shirt and - and pajamas . carol oh , do not worry about it . all right , now Ted tell I to try something here ... yeah . she rest she hand on the telephone , which be next to the lamp . larry what do you mean , Ted tell you ? who ... Ted ? Ted ? what be he , you mentor ? the camera zoom to a close shot on the telephone . Carol pick it up . carol um , '' last number dialed» . the camera zoom backward to Carol with the phone handset to she ear . larry Ted be a sick schmuck . he 's - he 's home , and we be in ... carol just be quiet for a second , all right ? she listen to the phone . carol shhh ! larry I mean , I be ... what if he come back ? I be ... my heart be .... carol Larry . male voice over from the phone waldron . carol uh , who ? male voice over from the phone who be this ? who do you want ? carol um , who 's this ? she put she hand on the phone microphone and turn toward Larry . carol do you know anybody name waldron ? waldron ? larry hang the phone up . carol just be quiet . okay , wait . larry hang the phone up , now . she put the phone handset back to she ear . carol oh , great . now they - they hang up on we . larry good , good . he take the handset from she hand and slam it down . carol oh , great . larry let 's get out . I wanna go home . I want to go back to bed . carol no , just let I think for a second , now . waldron , right ? helen moss. okay . he use the name Tom , right ? so , Tom waldron . we gotta run a check on that . larry run a check on it ? what , do you want to beat it down to the morgue ? you get all the jargon . carol come on . she walk away from the phone table . larry where be you go ? carol right . paul' apartment - bedroom - interior night Carol enter the bedroom , follow by Larry . larry I be not a night person . I do not wanna be ... what be you ... I do not know what I be look for . carol oh , oh , wait . look . she start look through the mail scattered on a table . larry what ? what do you wanna do , go through the guy 's mail ? this be insane . he start look through the mail . carol what do you mean ? larry oh , my ... as he take some more letter , Larry hit a small porcelain statuette , and drop it on the floor , where it break . he bend down to pick up the debris . larry Jesus . oh , Christ ! carol what be you do ... well , just ... clean it up , Larry . clean it up . Larry stand up . larry what do you mean , clean it up ? what be I gonna do , vacuum ? carol put it under the rug , or something like that , okay ? larry I can not . it 's a wall - to - wall carpet . I break his-his-his - he ... porcelain ... he look at the porcelain piece in he hand . carol well then glue it . glue it back to ... she move around the room . larry what do you mean , glue it ? what be you talk about ? carol oh , look . look . larry what ? carol look . she show he a pair of glove she just pick up on a low table . larry so what ? glove . I have glove . they keep my finger warm . carol so ? I know . I know , but you keep yours out on the bureau in this kind of weather ? uh ? larry let 's get out of here , because this be a ... carol I think something 's very strange , here . I mean , he leave this out and ready . I think the whole thing be really sinister . larry it 's eye of the beholder . what you have ... you have get to go to the eye doctor , get happy glass . he push she toward the exit of the room . carol what ? larry look , I be gonna take the piece with we , and we will - we will get rid of they . new - york - club twenty - one - exterior day medium shot of the famous entrance of the club 21 , with the line of paint cast iron lawn jockey statue which adorn the balcony above the entrance . the camera zoom backward to give a full shot of the entrance of the club . new - york - club twenty - one - interior day full shot on the lobby of the club . on the right , a counter with a attendant behind the counter . facing we the entrance of the main room . Carol , Larry , and they son Nick , be come out of the room . Nick must be in he early twenty . carol so , how do you like you birthday cake , Nick ? nick I love it , I ... carol I know . nick I love ... but then again , I love chocolate anything , so ... the camera move around the three people as they walk toward the cloakroom . carol I know . larry right . carol I know . what - what - what be you laugh about ? nick well , I ... larry if only he could stay in town - if only could stay in town just a couple of more hour . nick I know . I be go to , but I ... carol well , what about that ? nick they be work we so hard at school . I can not . carol oh. they have stop in front of the cloakroom . nick I gotta get right back . carol really . larry I be gonna take he to brook Brothers for he present . and - and - and , uh ... nick brook Brothers . yeah . larry you mother 's go to a wine-tasting . carol you be go to get something from brook Brothers ? nick yeah . a sweater . larry she 's go to a wine -tasting . can you believe that ? carol well , if I be go to be a restaurant owner , I should know something about wine . do not you ... Larry ? Larry walk across the lobby , because he have see someone he know in the sit - room . he wave he hand and come back to he wife and he son . larry hi. hey , I want you to meet somebody . carol what ? the camera pan around , to show we marcia crossing the sit - room . larry I want you to meet somebody . this be , this be ... marcia hi , Larry . larry hi. how be you ? marcia good . how be you do ? larry this be my wife . marcia have reach the lobby . carol honey , I be here . I be right of ... larry you snuck around . carol Carol . remember I ? larry yeah . this be marcia Fox . the two woman shake hand . carol oh , hi. marcia hi. larry my son Nick . he 's in town on , uh ... marcia good to see you . larry it 's he birthday , so we take he to twenty -one . marcia shake hand with Nick . nick Nick . how be you do ? larry it 's a tradition we have in the family . marcia that 's great . oh , you friend call I . he 's take I to dinner in New Jersey next week . some mafia joint . larry oh , I fix she up with Ted . he 's go to take she ... carol oh , you do . larry yeah . that place that we eat at . carol well , very nice . that 's lovely . larry he 's a lot of fun . you will have a very good time . marcia great . great . larry that 's great . so. marcia well , good to see you . good to see you . carol okay , you too . marcia take care . carol Goodbye . marcia walk away . larry oh , it 's great . she will have a great time . carol so , that 's marcia Fox , huh ? larry s- so , what be you make a face for ? she 's great . carol well , do you think she 's Ted 's type ? be that ... larry Ted 's type ? carol yeah . Larry give he ticket to the cloakroom attendant , whom we do not see . larry she 's anybody 's type . she 's brilliant , she 's talented . yeah . I give you ... carol thank you . Larry give she purse to Carol . larry you get you bag . carol you know , you pupil be dilating . larry no , she 's dangerously sexual . they start walk toward the entrance of the club . carol I just want to tell you that . larry let I tell you ... listen , when you go to the wine - taste , honey ... carol I see . larry get back to real life , spit it out . okay ? when you drink ... nick yeah . do not drink too much , Mom . larry yeah , spit ... and spit it out . carol what do you mean ? Nick . larry they spit it out at a wine - taste , you know what I mean ? because , yeah . I do not want you to be lie on the bathroom floor with you head by the bowl tonight , you know ? they walk out of the club . new - york - a lounge - interior day this be very nice lounge in New - York , very tastefully decorate . it look like one of that old English Club in London . beautiful painting on the wall , and even stain glass on the window . this be where the wine - taste be take place . the camera pan around the room . we see people talk while hold wine - glass . we hear Ted and Carol 's conversation without see they yet . ted ( voice over ) that mouton 45 . that be ... carol ( voice over ) do not you love it ? ted ( voice over ) oh , that be - be like , sublime , you know ? carol ( voice over ) yeah . ted ( voice over ) and the inexpensive Spanish one . be not that ... be not that a nice surprise ? carol ( voice over ) it be very , very ... ted ( voice over ) be not that great ? carol ( voice over ) yeah . ted ( voice over ) look at this painting . look at this . carol ( voice over ) so , uh ... the camera have reach Ted and Carol and follow they walk in the room . ted I love the blue in that . carol so , Larry fix you up with marcia Fox , huh ? his , uh ... ted yeah , yeah , well , you know . he 's ... carol his favorite writer . ted he say she 's wonderful , and I be ... carol oh. ted I be try to do everything I can to get out and meet people , you know . carol sure . we now get a medium shot of Carol and Ted walk toward we . ted I be - I be not look forward to this . carol so , you be take she to Vincent 's out in Jersey ? ted yeah . carol be that what you be ... ted I - I guess . she 's not my first choice . carol no ? God , look at this ! oh , that park be so beautiful . they have reach a large window , where they can get a view of the park on the other side of the street . ted yeah , it 's great . of course , I can not have my first choice . carol no ? ted I be get drunk . I do not know what I be say . he sit down . she sit down on the sofa besides he . behind they , you see the park through the window . carol you be get ... so be i. I do not know about this . Ted look at he watch . ted I be gonna be late for my shrink . I have get a ... carol you have get to go , huh ? ted yeah . carol okay . ted well , you know , you would be my first choice . carol I , huh ? ted yeah . Carol laugh . carol well . oh , boy . ted well , you ... can I give you a lift ? do you , uh , I be gonna go east . do you ... carol thanks . no , i- I think I will stick around , I need to think . I need my ... I feel a little , you know , tipsy . ted I do not offend you by what I say , do I ? carol no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no . you do not offend I , no , I be very , uh , flatter by this , ted. flatter . well , anyway . ted see you later . he stand up and bump into a low table in front of the sofa . carol see you . oops , careful . whoops . ted sorry . Excuse I . carol Excuse I . Carol look at he walk away with a strange expression in she eye . new - york - STREET in front of the lounge - exterior day medium tracking shot of Ted walk on the sidewalk , come from the lounge and toward we . medium low - angle shot of one of the window of the lounge , see from the street . this shot be low - angle because the lounge be locate slightly above street level . Carol be seat in front of the window , look very pensive . she take a sip of she glass of wine . she look absently though the window . new - york - a lounge - interior day the street see through the window , next to which Carol be seat , but we do not actually see Carol . we see a big car , follow by a bus . the camera zoom on the bus . through one of the bus window , we see a woman , seat inside the bus . and this woman look very much like the decease lilian , Paul 's wife . new - york - STREET in front of the lounge - exterior day Close shot on the window , in front of which Carol be seat . she look at the pass bus , with a wide open mouth , and a surprised , almost frighten , expression on she face . she stand up a little and then sit back . new - york - a lounge - interior day full view of the room . in the background , Carol , still seat by the window . she stand up , pick up she purse , and start crossing the room , bump into people . she reach the staircase , and walk downstairs . new - york - STREET in front of the lounge - exterior day full view on the entrance of the lounge . Carol be walk rapidly down the stair lead to the entrance . she reach the sidewalk , and look around she for the bus . she walk away from the lounge and toward we , with the camera on a tracking shot in front of she . larry apartment - kitchen - interior day medium shot of Larry work in the kitchen , put thing away in the cupboard . behind he , we see the front hall . the front door open and Carol walk in . larry I get a great sweater at brook Brothers ' today for Nick , today . carol close the door and lean on the wall . but Larry do not seem to understand that something be wrong with she . he walk away to the sit room . he keep on talk in voice over , while Carol be still lean on the wall of the front hall . larry ( voice over ) really beautiful . it 's cashmere . very expensive . the kid look so handsome in it , though . also , I decide I would cook dinner tonight . my one dish tuna casserole . Larry come back in the kitchen and look at he wife , but still do not seem to notice that something be wrong . we follow Larry into the sit - room . larry apartment - sitting - room - interior day Larry be set the table for dinner carol ( voice over ) well , no wonder he have she cremate . larry what ? carol ( voice over ) Mrs. House . larry oh , Jesus . you be not about Mrs. House again . I think we would have a light dinner , you know , because we have a rich lunch at twenty - one , I think . the camera pan to Carol stand at the entrance of the room and lean on the wall carol Larry . larry ( voice over ) what ? carol I just see Mrs. House . larry ( voice over ) what be you talk about ? the ash ? carol no , no , no . a bus . it pass I , and she be on it . Larry join Carol . larry uh , the dead woman pass you on a bus ? which bus be this , the bus to heaven ? Larry walk away toward the kitchen . Carol follow he . carol no , but I be not , I be not joke . I mean , I be tell you something . I be tell you , I really see she . I actually see she . larry apartment - kitchen - interior day Larry be check he cooking . larry uh-huh . uh-huh . carol yeah . Larry take two wine - glass out of the sink . larry you want to lie down for a while ? we will put a cold compress on you head , or a hot compress on you back , or ... carol no , Larry , you know , I be at the wine - taste , right ? and I be just ... I be sit at , you know , a bay window . i- I happen to look out . a bus pass , and she be on it , Larry . larry remember I say to you ? yes , remember I say to you , spit it out ? carol I ... larry I say do not drink it . you say you be go to a wine - taste ? carol but ? larry you say you be go to taste wine all afternoon ? I say spit it out ? carol yeah ... larry I say do not swallow it ? you swallow it . and that 's why you be this way . carol I know . I know . okay . i- I ... yeah . I have a few drink , but it 's - it 's not ... I mean , I see she . Larry put the glass away on the dinner table . larry yeah , I be sure you see she . carol I ... larry how could you see she ? she 's dead . not only be she dead , she 's be cremate . it 's not even Halloween . they walk into the sit - room . larry apartment - sitting - room - interior day carol okay . be you tell I that you ... that , that , that , that you ... that I do not see she ? be that what you be say ? larry I think it 's a pretty fair assumption that if a person be dead , they do not suddenly turn up in the New York City transit system . carol I just ... I just do not know what 's happen , Larry . i- i- I do not know what 's go on . larry what 's go on ? carol what 's ... yeah . larry let I put it this way : total psychotic breakdown . okay ? be that enough ? carol I ... larry maybe , look . maybe she 's a twin . that 's possible . now forget this . carol why ? larry taste my tuna casserole . tell I if I put in too much hot fudge . he open the dish he have put earlier on the table . carol honey , you be get so close - minded this day . I just ... the phone ring . carol oh. oh , god. she pick up the phone from the wall . Larry sit at the table . carol hallo ? ted. ted. larry oh , ted. ted. carol Ted , you be not go to believe this , but , Ted , I see Mrs. House . yes , Mrs. House . yeah . Mrs ... the murder woman . that 's right . Larry open the red wine bottle and pour some wine in he glass . larry she be not murder . it be a coronary . it be a coronary , folk . it be a coronary . she be not murder . I do not know what they be talk about . carol yeah . no , I be sure . I be sure I see she . she be on a bus , you know ? I mean , I - I see she just moment after you leave . I be look out the ... Larry put the cork back on the bottle . larry he be at the wine taste , too . sure , why not . carol would you ? larry they be both at the wine taste . carol would you really ? oh , that would be so great . you would just run a check on Paul and lillian House . Larry stand up and walk toward Carol . larry do not run a check . do not run a check . he take the phone from Carol 's hand . carol what be you talk ... larry stop . carol what be you do ? I mean ... Larry talk to Ted on the phone . larry listen , could you call back later , because my marriage be fall apart . he put the phone down . carol Larry , what be you ... but , what ? larry forget it . will you ? if you be gonna have a affair with the guy , you do not need a murder to do it . carol I be tell you , I see Mrs. House . Larry sit back at the table . larry yes , I know , on the bus , the dead person ' bus . no car fare . carol I s... okay . larry now , sit down . let 's ... carol now look . just ... I can tell you . I can show you the exact spot , Larry . larry yeah , I be not go to see the exact spot . carol uh ? what about lunch ? tomorrow ? larry no , I have get a business lunch tomorrow . I get ... carol on ... on you , on you lunch hour ? larry no , I get a business lunch . I be not interested . carol oh , God . I be tell you ... I mean , this be such a shock . larry hm ? I be not interested . come on , will you ... she walk away toward the front hall . carol I mean , I be tell you , I be just vibrate from this . I mean , I see this woman . larry will you eat something ? we have get ticket to the theatre . Carol come back into the room . carol what ? wh ... I be not go to the theatre . larry ( voice over ) what do you mean you be not go ... we have be hold onto this ticket for two month , now . Carol walk again to the front hall and come back toward the sit room , via the kitchen . carol do you comprehend the enormity of what I be tell you , Larry ? do you compr ... larry ( voice over ) if you get a big story , tell it to the Police . do not tell it to I . carol what be I go to say to they ? larry tell they you story . tell they this whole cockamamie story . carol what story ? I do not have a story . I mean , I get nothing . unless ... oh ! larry that 's right . that 's right , you have get nothing . carol unless ... unless I locate she . larry yeah , okay , good . now , will you sit down because we be go to the theater . I do not care what you say . she take a drink on water in the kitchen . larry build - lobby - interior night medium shot of Larry and Carol come out of the lift . they cross the lobby . Jack , the caretaker of the building in stand near the entrance of the building . larry oh , Jack ? Jack ? you - you be there when Mrs. House die , right ? you see she ? carol right . yeah . you see she lie there , right ? jack yes , she be lie on the floor . carol you say ... yeah , but ... but you be , you - be sure it be she , right ? larry hey , he say it be lie on the floor . right . right . you know , I ... he 's sure . he 's sure . he 's sure . jack she be in that bag . yeah . larry my - my - my wife 's be have some bad dream , and she do not know what she 's talk about . carol okay , look . yeah , yeah . Larry give some banknote to Jack . larry yeah , this be , this be for all the time I call you to fix the faucet , and you show up six month late . jack thanks . theater - audience hall - interior night full shot of the audience watch the show . we hear music . in the forefront , Carol and Larry . Larry be taping he chin with the program . Carol turn toward Larry and start whisper . carol the super be a drunk . I know , but , we have see he smell of Jack Daniel 's , remember ? larry yeah , but ... carol I mean , I know he do not see Mrs. House , Larry . larry if she 's a twin , it 's a different story . but you do not seem to feel she be , so ... carol well , I do not know . oh , I know . unless he 's in on it . larry who 's in on it ? the super ? the super can not change a fuse . the lady , sit next to Larry , just give the couple a bad look , and Carol tap on Larry 's arm . carol shh !... shh !... a short pause . carol I mean , she ... larry what ? carol well , she 's alive . and my question be , who be in that bag . I mean , somebody ... larry she 's not alive , unless she 's a twin . okay ? now keep quiet ... carol look , somebody ... somebody get cremate , Larry . somebody . larry shut up . new - york - STREET in front of the lounge - exterior day Long shot of Ted and Carol walk toward we in a quiet street . actually it be the street where the wine - taste lounge be locate , and , of course , the street where Carol see the bus with lilian on board of it . they walk near the entrance of the '' National Arts club» . Ted be hold a small notebook and look at what be have write in it . ted lillian House . carol right . ted uh , maiden name , lillian beagle . bear in carlyle , Pennsylvania , nineteen -thirty - five . married Paul Richard House . carol right , I know . ted she be not a twin . have a older sister who ... carol so go Larry 's theory . ted uh , go to England twenty year ago , and a older brother who die in nineteen- eighty - seven . Carol stop in front of the building next to the '' National Arts club» . it be the building where they have the wine - taste session the day before . carol right here . this be it . ted this be where we be . the camera tilt up to show the window behind which Carol be sit the day before . carol ( voice over ) this be where we be . I know . and I be sit right here , after you leave . the camera tilt back down to Ted and Carol . ted right . carol and I be have a glass of , you ko - you know , wine , and I look out the window , and - and I see the ... right here . Carol show Ted the spot where she see the bus . ted you see she after I leave ? carol yes , I see ... she on a bus . it be pass . you ... it be , like . she walk in the middle of the street . ted wait a minute . be you ... you be absolutely sure you see she ? you see she face ? carol I be positive I - I see she . a car be honk . Carol , still stand in the middle of the street , move out of the way of the car . carol whoo !... Excuse I . i- I be tell you , Ted . Ted join Carol in the middle of the street . ted what be the number of the bus ? carol uh , I do not know what the number of the bus be , but I know that it be head west to east , so it be ... it obviously be a cross-town bus . ted all right . okay , look , look . it 's a cross-town bus . they walk to the sidewalk on the other side of the street , where the park be locate . carol right . ted okay , so look . the end of the line be a few block down there . carol so , okay . so , then , it 's like ... ted so , she ... she have to get off somewhere ... somewhere . carol then ... her destination be probably within the next five or six block . they start walk on the sidewalk , go the way where they first come from . ted yeah , right . so , let 's , let 's look around . let 's , we , we will see some , you know , uh , like a , like a , you know ... clue , or something . or something . maybe we will see she . you be sure you see she face ? carol do not , do not doubt I , okay ? ted okay , okay , okay . no , no , no , no . carol I be - I be not kid . look . new - york - a wide avenue - exterior day this be not a nice area anymore . it be a wide dingy - look avenue , with the nearest building very far away and a road bridge over the street . and it be raining . Long shot of the avenue , with Carol and Ted walk further away . carol oh , God . well , I think , you know , I think we have reach the end of the line . ted I think this be it . a bus be come toward they . carol look . the bus . the bus slow down . ted I do not think ... there 's noth ... watch out . watch out . Ted push Carol so she do not get soak by the bus drive very close to the sidewalk and into the pool of rain . carol yeah , what ? oh. whoo !... the bus make a u-turn on the avenue . ted yeah , look . see ? see , he 's turn . that 's it . carol yeah , I know . ted that 's all there be , here . carol well , what do you think ? red what ? carol do you think we should retrace we step ? new - york - STREET in front of the lounge - exterior day they be back in the same street where the wine - taste place be locate . full shot of the park across the street , see across the thick vertical bar of the railing that surround the park . Ted and Carol be walk on a lane in the park . ted you - you wear a tie with a dress . it 's a ... it 's a very special ... the camera follow Ted and Carol , move on the other side of the railing . carol no , I do not think it look good , and I do not even know if it look ... I mean , I feel like it would be to masculine if I wear it with a pair of pants . ted oh , it would look great on you . no , no , just do not wear it with pants . carol oh. ted with pants , it 's - it 's ... what ? Carol have just stop walk , and she be look at something on the other side of the railing . carol Ted , look . ted at what ? what ? the camera pan around to a reverse angle shot of the other side of the street . it stop on a building . on the awning above the entrance of the building be write : '' Hotel waldron» . the camera stop on that shot and do not move anymore . carol ( voice over ) that hotel . ted ( voice over ) what about it ? carol ( voice over ) well , that 's ... the waldron . I mean , I thou ... i- I be in he apartment , I press the number ... «last number dialed» , and ... ted ( voice over ) you be kid . carol ( voice over ) and they answer the phone . and say ... waldron . ted ( voice over ) let 's - let 's - let 's get to a phone . let 's get to a phone . let 's call up . you get a quarter ? medium shot of Ted talk into the handset of a pay - phone on the street . ted hallo ? Mrs. House , please ? Mrs ... Mrs. House . can you ring she room for I , please ? the camera pan to Carol , stand in the street near Ted . ted really ? carol well ? ted what. maybe ... well , maybe she check out . no - nobody , nobody at all . uh ... what about ...? carol wh- what about ... ted yeah , what about , uh , helen moss , moss . you be sure ? nobody ... nobody at all . all - all right . all right , okay . I be sorry . all right . thank you . thank you . carol great . oh , God . it look like it 's gonna rain again . well ? a restaurant - interior day full shot on a restaurant . this part of the restaurant be empty . only two people , Larry and marcia , be seat at a table behind a set of cross wooden bar , on the other side of which the camera be locate . apparently marcia be teach Larry how to play poker . marcia wear sunglass and have a cigarette stick between she lip . marcia if I get two king , I take one . otherwise , I fold . larry so ... marcia get it ? larry i- I never go out . i- I - I - I - I just , I can not take ... I can not ... marcia shuffles the card . marcia that 's how you wind up on welfare . the camera pan away from the two player to another section of the restaurant , where a few people be still eat . it look like a very good restaurant , with waiter dress with white shirt and black vest . larry ( voice over ) you know , I need the action , for some reason . i- I can not ... I bet anything . okay , just ... marcia ( voice over ) cut ? larry ( voice over ) no , no , go ahead , I trust you . Lay it on I . the camera pan back on Larry and marcia . this be a different shot , with the camera in front of they table . marcia seem very relaxed with the card in she hand , when Larry seem quite nervous . he hold the card very close to he eye , seem afraid that he partner will look at they . marcia you seem in a strange mood . larry no , no , no . I be just probably just a little drunk . marcia on perrier ? larry no . what be you talk about ? I have rum cake . marcia want any card ? Larry shuffles he card in he hand , hesitate on he next move . larry uh , one second . just let I , let I see , see what I , possibility I get here . uh , yeah . I be gonna have , uh ... I will have , uh ... I be gonna have four card . marcia four ? larry yeah . she give he he four card . marcia cruise for a bruise . larry Inside and outside straight . marcia look at she card . Larry keep shuffle he card very nervously . marcia you be in trouble , now . larry you know , I can not escape the feel that my - my wife be become attract to somebody else ... and it 's really bother I . marcia really . larry yeah . that 's why I be not play my best . this guy be , you know , more adventurous than I be , and for some reason they just seem to hit it off . I be gonna be very lonely if , uh , you know , if this happen . marcia you must love she a lot . larry yeah , I do . I do . marcia um ... if you want to hold on to she , you have to make some effort . I mean , who 's the guy ? larry uh , Ted . the guy that I fix you up with . marcia Ted . larry yeah . marcia well , we could always switch . Ted get Carol , I can be you date . larry maybe - maybe I should actually make a great effort with - with Carol . new - york - STREET outside the waldron HOTEL - exterior day full shot of the entrance of the waldron Hotel . the pavement be wet but it do not seem to rain anymore . the camera pan to a car park on the other side of the street a short distance from the hotel . this be Larry 's car , with Larry seat behind the wheel and Carol seat on the passenger 's seat . medium shot of the inside of the car , see through the open window . carol so , you bored ? I mean ... larry well , it 's more fun than the wagner opera . carol yeah . well , to I , I mean , just ... I mean , it 's just one of the most exciting adventure I have ever be on . larry would you rather be here with Ted ? carol well - well , he have a more enthuse attitude , Larry . I ... larry more enthuse ? carol yeah , enthuse , yeah . larry well , he 's a fun guy . he 's a light guy , I be a heavy guy . carol well , I ... larry you know , Ted - Ted would be fun on a scavenger hunt . carol no , look . I ... Larry , you use to be a lot of fun . larry you know , he 's the guy you want if you have a really heavy scavenger hunt . he 's the man . carol I know , well , but , y- you know . you use to ... larry do you know that this neighborhood be where I first take you out on a date when we -we first start go out . carol what ? I do not know . I do not know . just for some reason , you have get so stodgy in you old age , you know ? larry hey , you remember there be a movie house right on this corner . carol no , I know . yes ! yeah , I remember . larry not to change the subject . carol you know , I ... larry I take you to see '' last year at marienbad» on we first date ? carol yeah , I know . I have to explain it to you for the next six month . larry who know they be flashback ? you know . carol look , Larry . look . we have get plenty of time to be conservative . you know what I be say ? do not you see ? the camera start move around the car . carol it 's to I , it 's like this - this tantalize plum have just , like drop into we lap . I mean , life be just such a dull routine and here we be , right ? I mean , we be on the threshold of a genuine mystery . I mean , to I , the whole thing be like . it 's ... hey , no . the camera stop move on another medium shot , where we still see Larry through he open window , but we see Carol only through the wet windshield . larry be you gonna burst into a song , here ? we be in a car . carol just do not make fun of I , okay ? because I be open to new experience . larry let I ask you a personal question , here . carol yeah . larry do you ever sleep with Ted ? carol sleep ? larry do not get nervous . yeah . yeah , you guy ... carol what , be you nut ? larry we be on a eat tour of France , together . carol yeah . larry you two guy spend a evening , you know , together . carol yeah , right . we sp ... larry at that place , you know . carol I know ... yeah , but what about you ? remember ? you spend the evening with Julie . be I right ? you spend the night , and share a ... larry that mean absolutely nothing . she hate I . Julie despise I . carol what ? larry you know that . she - she think I be a low - life and a wimp and a vermin and a roach . just - just jump in anytime you want to defend I , you know . carol hey , I mean , I be wait for you to say something I do not agree with , okay ? larry Ho -ho ! hey , you be nail I ... Jesus !... he stop smile because he just see something in front of he car , something we do not yet see , because the camera have not move from its position . carol oh. Larry . larry yeah . the camera start pan very rapidly toward the entrance of the hotel . carol ( voice over ) Larry , Larry , look . it 's she ! I would say it 's she ! a lady carry a white open umbrella be enter the hotel . larry ( voice over ) oh my god , it be . carol ( voice over ) yeah . you see what I mean ? see , so I be right all along , be not I ? larry ( voice over ) can you ... be you sure ? be you sure ? carol ( voice over ) I be positive . yes . the camera start pan back toward Larry 's car . larry ( voice over ) oh , my God . carol ( voice over ) right ? right ? I mean , I be ... medium shot of Larry and Carol in the car , see through Larry 's open window . larry I be ... Jesus , I be sh ... carol I know . w-well . come on . larry that be she . be you ... carol yeah . I know . larry I tell you so . carol what do you mean , you tell I so ? what be you talk about ? you be nut , honey . larry oh , Jesus . I be flabbergasted . carol yeah . no , look . you be white . you be completely white . larry I know . all the blood rush to my brother . carol Larry ! larry I do not know what to do . carol let 's go . let 's get out there . let 's find out what 's go on . larry no , I do not want to . carol oh , come on . y- you be not afraid of she , be you ? larry no , I be not afraid . carol you be not afraid of Mrs. House . larry she 's a old woman and I be a virile male . carol I know . larry and yet somehow I be scared . I do not know why . maybe because she 's dead . you know ? carol let 's go . you know , I tell you , I be gonna break this thing wide open . larry well , how ? what do you want to do ? carol I be ... you know , I be ... God , if only Ted be here with we now . you know what I be say ? larry oh , do not give I Ted ! wh ... let 's ... let 's ... wh ... let 's get out of here . carol no , wait . I get a idea . larry what ? carol I know what we should do . we should get a gift , right ? larry what ? Carol get out of the car . carol we will surprise she . we will sneak into the hotel . come on . larry how ? how ? carol yeah , no . come on . Larry get out of the car . HOTEL waldron - lobby - interior day a modern clean lobby , with a very conventional decoration . medium shot of a clerk clean the lobby floor with a broom . she be a woman in she forty , very casually dress with a flower blouse and a beige sweater , and with uncomb hair hang on she shoulder . the camera pan around toward the street door . Carol enter the lobby , follow by Larry . Carol be hold a small present - wrap parcel in she hand and walk toward the clerk . carol uh , excuse I . hi. HOTEL day clerk hi. carol um , we be just wonder . uh , do you see a woman come in ? she be , uh , she be a little woman , about five foot three ? she have on a gray sweater ? HOTEL day clerk older woman ? larry and come in with a-with a canvas bag , and a umbrella . carol slightly older . not ... HOTEL day clerk Mrs. caine ? larry Mrs. caine ? carol Mrs. caine . oh , yes . uh-huh . that 's she . larry Mrs. caine . uh-huh . carol yes . Larry take the parcel from Carol 's hand . larry we - we have a present for she . we be friend . we - we want to surprise she , because it 's she birthday , so-so ... he give the parcel back to Carol . HOTEL day clerk oh. carol yes , that 's right . what room ? HOTEL day clerk uh , six - eleven . carol six -eleven . really , thanks a lot . HOTEL day clerk okay . sure . carol walk away , but Larry stay with the clerk . he take a banknote out of he pocket . larry yeah , we -we may need some information , while we be here , so - so , we just want you to know ... I will take very good care of you , if you play ball with we . he give the banknote to the clerk , who seem a bit surprised by Larry 's attitude and present . she look at the banknote . larry what be you make that face for ? he 's the father of we country . carol ( voice over ) will you come on ? Larry walk toward Carol , who be wait for the elevator . larry I be come , I be come . carol come on . what be you do ? HOTEL waldron - sixth floor hallway - interior day medium shot on the elevator door open . Carol walk out , follow by Larry , who close the door . Carol start look around for room number . the camera follow they carol okay . um , six - eleven . six -oh-seven . the camera stop at the beginning of a long narrow corridor . Carol and Larry walk along the corridor , away from the camera . larry huh . very nice . I love a hotel that 's get lot of blue powder sprinkle along the baseboard . carol six -eleven . here , Larry . all right . they have stop walk at the end of the corridor , in front of a door . Carol knock on that door . carol um , Mrs. House ? larry Mrs. House ? Carol knock louder on the door , help by Larry . under Larry 's fist , the door open slowly . HOTEL waldron - room 611 - interior day medium close shot on the door , that open slowly . carol ( voice over ) m- Mrs. House ? larry ( voice over ) hallo ? Carol enter the room , follow by Larry . carol hallo ? Mrs. hou ... larry I do not ... I do not ... carol my God , I do not ... larry I do not think she 's ... the camera start pan around the room , up to the window , then start pan back toward Carol and Larry . carol ( voice over ) I do not see she . larry ( voice over ) this may not be the right - right place . carol ( voice over ) just hold on , Larry . hold on , hold on , hold on . the camera be back on Carol and Larry . Larry be look inside a closet . larry there 's nothing here . he close the closet door . Carol yell . carol ahhh ! Larry ! she run to the bed and look down on the floor between the two twin bed . she drop the parcel on the floor . larry what 's the matter ? carol oh , my God ! wait a minute ! larry oh , Jesus . Carol kneel down on the floor , bend on something she just see on the floor . the camera follow she movement and we see a human hand rest on the floor , the rest of the body be hide by one of the bed . carol oh , my God , look ! Mrs. House ? Mrs. House ? larry what 's the matter ? carol hallo ? larry what - what -what ... carol Mrs ... oh , Larry . larry what ? what - what 's ... Carol , still kneel on the floor , straighten up and look at Larry . carol I think she 's dead . larry Dead ? t-t- try - try give she the present . carol yeah . oh , my god. Mrs. House ? Mrs. House ? larry oh , come on ! let 's get out of here ! carol I think that 's it , Larry . I think she 's dead ! larry come on . let 's get out of here . he help Carol to stand up . carol oh , my God . larry I be think of run the Boston marathon . they both start run out of the room . carol oh , god. okay , oh god. larry this woman be forever die . HOTEL waldron - sixth floor hallway - interior day same shot of the long corridor as before . we see Carol and Larry come out room 611 and run toward we . larry come on , come on . move , move . adrenaline be leak out of my ear . they reach the end of the corridor , and the camera follow they as they run around the corner of the hallway . larry get down that stair . they do not use the elevator and instead run down the stair . carol okay , all right . larry come on , come on . quickly . new - york - STREET outside the waldron HOTEL - exterior day Long shot of the entrance of the hotel , see from the other side of the street . a blue police car be park in front of the hotel . two plainclothes police officer and one uniform policeman be talk with Carol and Larry . they both try to explain the situation to the police officer . but since they both talk together , the police officer have a hard time understanding they . while they be talk , the camera zoom forward from a long shot to a full shot of the group . carol ( talk together with Larry ) and then , you see , what happen be I suspect Mr. House , right ? he 's a ... he run a movie house . but - but then what hap ... we be sit ... I see she on this bus , right ? and ... and she have ... no place at all . then we check anyway . so we be just sit there , just wait ... larry ( talk together with Carol ) we - we - we be there . she - she be very nervous . so - so we be go to the movie , and , and , and we be walk and look around the place . and then suddenly she 's a ... her hand be on the floor . you could see it on the side of the bed . she be lie there , she be sort of ... like blue in the face . the girl be nervous . I try to keep calm , as best as I could . one of the plainclothes police officer stop they talk . first police officer there 's nobody up there . carol there 's what ? larry what do you mean , there 's nobody up ... first police officer there 's nobody . carol wait a minute , wait ... second police officer there 's no body there . carol we - we see ... larry we just see she there . she 's lie on the floor . carol we ... second police officer ( talk to the uniform policeman ) Mike , check the basement with ... he start climb the few step to the entrance of the hotel , follow by Carol and Larry . the other police officer remain on the sidewalk . larry she be totally dead . carol we ... she 's there . larry wait , wait . HOTEL waldron - room 611 - interior day medium close shot of a uniform policeman , different from the one we just see in the street . carol ( voice over ) she be right here . she be lie , like , right this - a- way . larry ( voice over ) yeah , she be definitely lay here . the camera pan from the uniform policeman to the two police officer talk with Carol and Larry in the middle of the room . the follow dialogue transcript separate what Larry say from what Carol say , but , most of the time , they talk together at the same time , make it quite difficult for we , or for the police officer , to follow they conversation . carol because , I mean , she be , she be there , do you understand ? the camera tilt down on one of the police officer look under the bed . larry the ... y- yes . she be ... it look like she be strangle , or something . not - not that I be a expert on violent death , because I would not know . carol we be - we be two professional people . larry right , I be a ... i- I work at harper 's . carol yeah . larry I be in publishing . carol yeah , that 's right , and I be - I be look to start a little restaurant , basically french , although international cuisine would be fine . not that I really have a location ... larry right , she 's a fantastic cook . but , uh , I be against the restaurant , myself , but - but she 's a wonderful cook . first police officer calm down . calm down ! please ! carol okay , just ... larry look , obviously what happen be , in the time it take you guy to respond ... somebody come here and remove the body . not that you do not respond quickly , you know , you be here fast . it take - take you three minute , not - not - not count the half - hour that the operator 911 take to understand what I be say . first police officer nobody be doubting you , okay ? we be go over the whole building , all right ? carol all right . new - york - STREET outside the waldron HOTEL - exterior day medium shot of Carol , Larry , the first plainclothes police officer and the uniform policeman we first see in the street . carol uh , do you check ... first police officer Mr. House ... the second plainclothes police officer join the group . second police officer ... he 's be at he place of business all day . larry any witness ? carol yeah , b... second police officer uh-huh , back up and corroborate . carol yeah , but you do not use we name , or anything like that , do you ? second police officer no , we do not . carol no , okay . second police officer I do not know . if you think you see he wife , should not you tell he ? carol no , I be ... no , I mean , he 's in some sort of scheme , here . it 's ... first police officer we think you should calm down and file a report . carol it 's not ... oh ! first police officer this way , if anything turn up , we get it on record . he give he business card to Larry . carol all right . first police officer take a card , give we a call , have a good day . carol thank you . thanks very much . second police officer bye-bye . the two police officer walk away with the uniform policeman . Larry look at the card in he hand . carol thanks very much . oh , man , I do not know how we be gonna ... larry Jesus , I gotta have a drink . I gotta calm myself . I need fourteen Zanack or something . carol where be Ted ? I just do not understand where Ted be . I mean , you know , all this stuff be happen . they start walk away on the sidewalk , while the police officer be climb in they car . larry Ted ? Ted - Ted 's , you know , he 's get he date with marcia Fox tonight . he 's probably out buy some Spanish fly . carol do you think helen moss might be in on this ? larry helen ? I do not know and ... carol I think so . larry I do not want to know about this . I think we should change we life . carol no , think about it . larry we should move out of that stupid apartment , you know . you know , start over maybe in Mexico . carol no , no , no . larry you know , sell blanket . we will work off the hood of a car or something . a cafeteria - interior day full shot of a classical New - York cafeteria . row of table on either side of the room , each table surround by beige imitation - leather twin seat . another row of table in the middle of the room , with chair around they . huge electrical fan hang from the ceiling . the camera pan on the leave to a medium shot of the table around which Larry and Carol be seat . they be drink beer . carol I be just beginning to calm down . larry I be tell you , I do not know what 's happen . it be like one of that television show , where you open the door , and you see a-a dead body . you know , I always hate that show . carol yeah . you know , I have never see a dead person before in my whole life . larry I ... the only one I ever see be my uncle Morris , who be ninety - four year old . carol yeah . larry he collapse from too many lump in he cereal . carol Larry , be this the most exciting thing that 's ever happen to we in we whole marriage ? larry this be too exciting . I do not need this . you know , I like something quiet ... like a fishing trip , a Father 's day , you know , or , the time we see Bing crosby walk on 5 th avenue . you know , I do not need a murder to enliven my life at all . carol you know , whoever do it be probably still in the room while we be there . probably hide in the closet . larry make sure and tell I that just before I go to sleep , tonight . that will be good for I . carol but you know , that probably mean he see we . larry great , I will never get my eye close . you know , I mean , what do you want I to do ? I be petrify . not only that , but I be a little drunk . carol I wonder who be cremate . who be it ? larry well , it be ... well ... you know , obviously , it be not Mr. House , because he have a alibi . carol well , yeah , but I do not buy that . larry she do not buy that . she do not buy the alibi . let 's get out of here . I want to go home . new - york - STREET outside the waldron HOTEL - exterior night full shot of Carol and Larry walk toward we . it be very dark and the sidewalk be wet from a recent rain . larry Jesus , it 's start to rain again . can you believe that ? carol oh , God . if only Ted be with we , he would have a million theory about this , I will tell you that . larry yeah , I know . I know . Ted 's get a mind like a steel sieve . carol oh , right . the camera have not move , so now we get a medium shot of Larry and Carol . they have reach they car , and Carol walk around it to get into the passenger 's seat . larry you know what I think ? I think it 's possible . that hotel room be on the , on the ext ... that end of the hall . the camera tilt up the facade of the waldron Hotel . carol ( voice over ) what ? yeah ? larry ( voice over ) it 's right up there . that 's the room . carol ( voice over ) I know . larry ( voice over ) well , what if they get the body out over that little roof ? you know , that would be a possibility . why would ... the two window , which Larry be point at , suddenly get light . carol ( voice over ) ohhh !... what be the light ... larry ( voice over ) oh , Jesus . the camera tilt back down to street level . Larry and Carol be around they car , ready to climb in . carol Larry , the light ! larry yeah , that 's eerie , be not it ? carol my God . this give I the chill , honey . larry yeah , well , let 's call the police . carol I mean ... oh , no , no , no . come on . let 's go over there now . let 's check it out . come on . we do not have time . larry check it out ? carol yes . larry what , be you nut ? no , I be not gonna check that out . carol no , but look at it , Larry . look at that . there 's light go on , there . larry yeah , I know , I know . that 's crazy . look , look . why do not we go home and nap , and we will call the police , and they can check it out while we be home in the ... ? Carol walk away from the car toward the hotel . carol oh , no , the police be red tape . come on . this be my case , honey . Larry catch up with she . the camera remain on the sidewalk , look at the couple walk toward the hotel . larry what do you mean , it 's you case ? carol yes , it 's my case . larry hey , come here . I do not want to do this . carol no , come on . larry no . carol oh , God . if only Ted be with we . larry hey , do not give I Ted . Ted would be shaking in he boot . carol Ted ... oh , god. larry I be at least just tremble like a leaf . they have reach the hotel and they be climb the step to the entrance of the hotel . HOTEL waldron - lobby - interior night medium close shot on a window set in the wall of the lobby . behind the window , the night clerk be sorting some paper . there be a grill in the window , to allow people to to talk to the clerk . Carol and Larry walk to the window . carol um , excuse I . we be with the Police department . we would like to , uh , check out room , uh , six - eleven , please ? Larry try to play the part of the relaxed policeman do he job , but he overdo it and he look more bizarre than serious . HOTEL night clerk you be here before . carol uh , that 's right . yes. mm-hm . yeah . HOTEL night clerk you be Police ? carol ee ... ooh , um , just , uh-uh ... show he you card . larry my what ? carol you - you card . you - you Police identification card . larry yeah , I - I ... carol you card , you know . you card . he 's get he card . Larry go through the pocket of he jacket and get the business card the police officer give he . he show it to the clerk and then slide it through a small rectangular hole at the bottom of the window . the clerk take it and look at it . carol yeah . see ? HOTEL night clerk okay . the clerk give the card back to Carol . carol thank you very much . six -eleven ? okay . great . the clerk go and get the key of the room . he give it to Carol , who drop the card on the small counter under the window . HOTEL night clerk be there any trouble ? larry no , no , no , no , no . I - m - I be - I be - I be j... I be - I be ju ... um ... I be a detective . they - they - they lower the height requirement , so I ... I will take this card back . they -re , they be ... he take the card from the counter and put it back in the inside pocket of he jacket . carol come on . larry ... expensive . Carol walk toward the elevator and Larry follow she . HOTEL waldron - sixth floor hallway - interior night as before , the camera be locate at one end of the long corridor , show Larry and Carol at the other end of the corridor ready to enter room 611 . Larry keep look around while Carol be open the door . HOTEL waldron - room 611 - interior night full shot of the room with the door in the background . the door be open slowly . Carol enter the room , follow by Larry carol okay . larry be careful . carol telling I to be careful . now , just do not upset anything . okay , Larry ? Larry close the door . larry I be not upsetting anything . I just , you know , I be just gonna leave a-a set of fingerprint around , so if there 's a trial , we can get trap . the camera follow Carol and Larry move around the room . carol all right , now look . the murderer must have , like , hide in this closet , right ? Carol open a closet . larry I do not like this . Carol give a quick peek inside the closet , and then close it . carol right , and then he must have ... larry let 's go . you know , I have get to get up early tomorrow . I have get to be in temple . carol okay , he must have drag the b... the body out , really fast . what ? we hear a click come from the door of the room . larry shhh !... Larry pick up a metal lamp from the floor and hide behind a closet in front of the door with Carol behind he . the door open and the clean lady walk in with she bucket and thing . Larry be ready to hit she , but , when he realize who she be , he drop the lamp . the clean lady yell . cleaning lady ahhh !... oh , Jesus ! what ... larry I be sorry , I be sorry . I be ... do not meat ... I - I , oh , it 's - it 's - it 's a ... carol oh , hi. Larry open the door and push the lady out of the room . larry you do not have to turn the bed out . it 's not necessary . and no - no - no croissant tomorrow for breakfast . he take some money out of he pocket and give it to she . larry here , here . here , take this for yourself . I like the towel . keep the little mint come on the pillow , uh ... he close the door . carol oh , Jesus . Larry . I mean , really . larry let 's go . that 's why the light be on . this be crazy , we be gonna get in trouble . carol just a second , Larry . let I just look around here , just a little bit . Larry pick up the lamp which be break in two piece . larry oh , look . I do damage . I ... now . I will be sue . carol ( voice over ) oh ! Larry ! larry that 's what ? Carol come back to Larry , hold something small in she hand . carol Larry , look . look . I think that 's she wedding band , Larry . larry how do you know ? carol how do I know ? I see it on she . larry you do ? carol yeah . larry Jesus . carol I think so . larry so much for the police comb every inch of this place . where do you find it ? carol I find it behind the door , right there . larry oh , brother . let 's get out of here , come on . and take the ring with you . maybe there 's a pawnshop open . carol okay . okay . Larry open the door and they walk out of the room . HOTEL waldron - elevator cabin - interior night medium shot inside the cabin . the elevator be move down . carol do not I tell you the police be not thorough ? I mean they probably think we be crank , right ? I mean , we get no body , and ... I mean , they must get fifty crisis call a minute . why would they bother with we ? larry I do not know . I just know , this be very deep stuff . carol just ... larry we should not be here . I be scared , this be creepy . you know what I mean ? this go ... this could be ... who know who 's involved in this ? this could go very deep , Carol . this could be like , you know , like with the Warren commission , or something . I do not like it . carol oh , not the Warren Commission . there be a loud noise and the elevator suddenly stop . carol oh , my God ! larry Jesus ! what be that ? carol wait a minute . okay , all right , now look . all right . the - the elevator 's probably stick . larry why be we stop ? why be we stop ? carol relax now , Larry . Carol start punch all the button on the control panel . larry do not tell I to relax ! I be - I be - I be a-a world - renowned claustrophobic . carol it 's okay . it 's okay , everything 's go to be fine . larry stop . hit something . carol I be hit it . larry I do not like this , I do not , I do not ... carol I know , I know . it 's okay . larry it 's easy for you to say , but I can not breathe , I be phobic . carol the - the idea be , there 's plenty of air , in this elevator . uh , Larry , relax . now , if you just do not panic , okay ? do not panic , all right ? larry I be not panic , I be not panic , I be ... carol now , just do not worry . larry I be just go to say the rosary , now . carol somebody will help we . somebody 's gonna help we . somebody will find we here . hello ! she hit the door with the palm of she hand . larry oh , I do not know , I do not like this . carol hello ! larry say something . stop it . carol hallo ! hallo ! larry I do not like this . carol oh , God , look just ... Larry be get really hysterical , move he hand nervously around he . larry I be run over a field , I see open meadow . I see a stallion . carol yes , it 's ... larry I be a stallion . carol shh . shut up , Larry . larry there 's - there 's a cool breeze pass over I . carol Larry , just shut up and calm down . just , okay ? you be gonna be of ... larry I see grass . I see dirt . carol Larry , shut up ! hallo ! hallo ! larry you know , you say , you say , '' Act as a policeman . carol I know , yeah . larry I say '' no» . you say '' pretend to be a policeman . you say '' show he you card» . I say '' what card» . carol okay , wait a minute . I know what . here , just ... Larry , boost I up . larry you know , I can ... Carol point to the ceiling of the cabin . carol boost I up , and we will get out there . we be gonna do it . larry I can not get through that thing . carol yeah . yes we can . I can do it . I can loosen it . larry it will never open , they be paint shut . carol no , wait . no , Larry . larry they be - they're ... they - they never , they ... they never open . carol come on . all right , put you hand together . come on . put you hand together . larry I be breathe . carol no , no , it 's okay . larry I can not breathe . I can not breathe . carol Larry ! larry I can not breathe . I can not breathe . carol Larry , I mean , it 's just ... all I have to do be loosen that , okay . larry I be fainting because the -there 's ... Carol take Larry 's hand and join they together . carol all right , put you hand together . put you hand together . now give I a boost , okay ? larry oh , Jesus ! carol all right , you ready ? she put a foot on Larry 's hand . carol wait a second ! wait , wait ! Close shot on Larry 's distort face . we see Carol 's body go up . larry oh , Jesus , you have get to cut down on that rich dessert . carol oh , wait a minute , now ! oh , just wait ! wait , wait ! larry let 's go , my life be pass in front of my eye . the worst part of it be , I be drive a use car . carol okay , now you would think they would loosen this stupid thing . medium close shot on the ceiling of the cabin . Carol be try to open a trap above the ceiling lamp . larry I be scared . the trap open , and lilian House 's body come out . Carol yell and fall down on the floor . the upper part of the body be hang out of the trap , with its arm move around . carol oh , my God ! larry oh , my God . it 's she . the camera tilt down to floor level and Larry and Carol . carol so that 's where he hide she . larry oh , Jesus . claustrophobia and a dead body . this be a neurotic 's jackpot . suddenly , the light switch off . the cabin be now pitch dark . carol oh ! oh , Larry , hold on . I be scared . we hear the noise of the elevator start again . larry we be go down . carol oh , God . what 's happen ? larry we be go down . carol oh , God , press up ! Press up ! larry Press up ? I can not see my hand . how can I press up ? Jesus . carol we must be head for the basement , Larry . larry the basement . I want to get off in the mezzanine . I be return shoe . it 's dark in here . we hear the noise of the elevator door open . carol what ? what be you do ? apparently Carol have come out of the elevator . HOTEL waldron - basement - interior night this shot be suppose to be in the basement of the hotel , but since it be still pitch dark , we can not tell the difference . larry where be you ... I be get back on the elevator . I do not care . carol I do not know where ... Larry . larry i- I can not see anything . carol there 's nothing out there . wait a minute . what be you do ? Larry light a match , and we see he scared face light by the flame of the match . carol hey , what be you do with match ? larry th- th - this be my match . I get they at ... carol wait a minute , what ... when be you at the '' café des artistes '' ? Larry blow the match , because it be burn he finger . larry look. I get ... yeah , I be with a author . a authoress . at - at the ... at ... carol at the '' café des artistes '' ? larry yeah , b... a french , a french authoress . a author . he light another match . we very dimly see the basement wall around they . carol wait . shh ! shh ! shh ! larry Jesus . carol try this way . medium full shot of Carol and Larry walk toward we in a corridor . beside the light of the match , there be some other dim light come from somewhere in the basement . larry I like a basement with - with knotty pine and a pool table . you know , where you can ... carol hey , look , look , look , look . uh-huh . they be now in close shot . larry what ? what ? carol what 's this ? larry I ... no , wait a minute . not so fast . I do not like it here , it 's dank . the camera turn around to follow they in the corridor . carol all right . larry and there 's strange noise . I do not know what this be . I do not know . this ... we hear a loud metallic bang . larry oh , Jesus ! carol calm down . larry calm down ? do not tell I to calm down . carol there . turn the light on . Larry switch the light on . they be in a room with beige wall . there be pot of paint stack behind Larry . larry this ... wh- wh ... I - I do not ... what do you ... carol let I see . Carol try to open a door near Larry , but it be lock . carol where ... there . oh . we be lock in here . what be you gonna do ? larry oh , relax , relax , relax . do not ... I will break it down . stand back . Larry walk back a few step and rush on the door , try to break it open . carol careful , now . larry do not worry . just - just give I a second . he do it another time . carol do not hurt yourself . larry must be one of that new door . carol let 's try out here . Carol point to another room open in the one they be in . Carol and Larry be now walk in a light corridor . larry oh , my god . I keep hearing noise . carol oh . what 's down there ? Carol walk rapidly toward a dark section of the corridor . the camera follow she . larry where ? where you ... where be you go ? do not leave I . carol let I see . it 's okay . what ? oh ! she have reach a door with a bar window show the street outside . carol yeah . I think this be it . I think this be the service entrance . she try to open the door , but it be a bit stick . larry well , come on . carol I be try . larry come on , get it open . Carol succeed in open the door . carol I get it . I get it . larry go into a trot . they rush outside . new - york - STREET outside the waldron HOTEL - exterior night Long shot on the dark street . at a distance , we see a man put a large oblong - shape parcel in the trunk of a car . the man look very much like Paul . the camera pan around to give we a reverse - angle medium shot of Carol and Larry come out of the basement of the hotel . they stop in the middle of the short staircase . carol wait ! wait ! do you see that ? larry what ? carol it look like somebody 's put a body into a car . larry Jesus . carol I swear . look . it 's get a white sheet on it . larry yes . carol right ... yeah . come on . Carol walk on to the sidewalk , follow by a very frighten Larry . larry it be . oh , brother . the camera pan back around to give we a reverse - angle shot of the car leave the curb of the street . larry ( voice over ) let 's - let 's - let 's get out of here . let 's get out of here . carol ( voice over ) oh , my god. wait . no , look ! let 's - let 's follow he . come on . larry ( voice over ) no , no , no , no . carol ( voice over ) yeah , no . come on . the camera pan back around again to give a reverse - angle medium long shot of Carol and Larry run toward they car . larry I be not go to follow . I be not gonna ... I do not wanna follow he . carol no , let 's follow it . I swear , there be a body in that car . larry I know , I see that there be a ... carol Larry ! larry I do not wanna follow a car with a body in it . carol come on , hurry up . hurry up ! larry it 's - it 's probably - it 's probably a rent car . they have reach they car and they start climb into it , Larry still on the driver 's side . carol there ! oh ! larry and a rent body . carol hurry up . come on . they slam the door , switch the headlight on and start . new - york - aerial overview of brooklyn bridge - exterior night the camera start with the interchange at one end of the bridge , then pan to the bridge itself . at this early hour of the night , the bridge still have a lot of traffic move on it . then the camera move down to get a closer look of the traffic on the bridge . larry ( voice over from inside the car ) oh , Jesus . i- I can not c ... I can not follow he car . the camera follow the move traffic on the bridge , and certainly also follow Larry 's car , even though , from this height , we can not tell which car it be . carol ( voice over from inside the car ) well , he 's right up ahead . he 's right there . larry ( voice over from inside the car ) where , up ahead ? I do not know which car I be follow here . I ... you know , I be not a good driver . I can not chase somebody in a car . I be gonna have a accident . I be , you know , I will - I will - I will wind up hit a school bus or something . carol ( voice over from inside the car ) look , it 's nighttime . there 's no school bus at night - time . larry ( voice over from inside the car ) do not tell I that . what about night school ? larry car - interior night Long shot of the road take from inside Larry 's car . they pass the '' 15 W '' exit . new - york - industrial park - exterior night Long shot inside a industrial park , somewhere on the outskirt of New - York . Larry 's car drive slowly inside the park , come toward we . there be no one else at this time of the night . the place be light by a few lamppost , and there be smoke behind Larry 's car . larry ( voice over from inside the car ) you have no sense of direction . I be ... carol ( voice over from inside the car ) well , not exactly . twenty -twenty vision . larry ( voice over from inside the car ) you have no sense of direction . carol ( voice over from inside the car ) not exactly . but anyway ... no , I do have a sense of direction . he come right here . larry ( voice over from inside the car ) where the hell be we ? what be this ? carol ( voice over from inside the car ) i- I do not know why here . larry ( voice over from inside the car ) I do not know , but ... carol ( voice over from inside the car ) there it be ! larry ( voice over from inside the car ) what ? carol ( voice over from inside the car ) there 's he car . right there . larry ( voice over from inside the car ) how do you know it 's he car ? carol ( voice over from inside the car ) that 's he car . larry ( voice over from inside the car ) oh , it be he car . carol ( voice over from inside the car ) it be he . larry ( voice over from inside the car ) yes . yes. yes . carol ( voice over from inside the car ) well , of course . the car stop . larry ( voice over from inside the car ) okay , let I turn the light off . the car headlight switch off . larry ( voice over from inside the car ) be careful , be careful , be careful . they both get out of the car , and they start walk toward the place where Carol see the other car . they reach the other car surround by huge pile of metal scrap . the car and the scenery around it be light by a powerful red light . Carol and Larry run toward the place where the red light come from . it be inside a huge building . but they do not go inside the building and , instead , keep on run along the building . medium shot on Larry and Carol . Carol stop Larry and point at something . carol look , look ! the camera pan to the thing Carol be point at . a body , half - wrap in a white sheet , be be lift by a huge electromagnet . larry ( voice over ) oh , my God ! it 's Mrs. House 's body ! reverse high - angle shot on Larry and Carol , as if they be see from the magnet . larry come on ! we gotta stop it before it get drop . Larry take Carol 's hand and run toward the magnet . reverse angle long shot on a group of worker in the background . then the camera pan to a reverse angle medium shot on Larry and Carol come out between row of huge heavy - duty bag . reverse angle medium shot on a huge cauldron full of hot melt metal . a huge pair of metal jaw be drop metal scrap into the cauldron . among the metal scrap , we see Mrs. House 's body carol oh , my God . the camera zoom to a close shot on the cauldron . larry ( voice over ) good bye , Mrs. House . reverse angle shot on Larry and Carol . then reverse angle long shot on the cauldron . a lot of bright spark be come out of the cauldron . Long shot on the building . Larry and Carol be come out of the building . they start run toward the camera . the camera pan around to a medium shot on Paul 's car . through the windshield , we see Paul behind the wheel , light by the red light come from the melt metal . he start the car and drive away . the camera pan around toward Carol and Larry , still run - too late - toward Paul 's car . larry that be Mr. House ! that be definitely Mr. House . carol what be we gonna do ? they run after the depart car . new - york - larry residence STREET - exterior night full shot of Larry 's car . he have just park it , and Carol and he be come out of it . larry I be gonna call the Police , now . carol oh , Larry , and tell they what ? larry and get they ... carol I mean , this guy ... larry what be we ... Larry have walk around the car and join Carol on the sidewalk . carol you know , he 's get proof he wife die of a heart attack two week ago . we have get no body . we have get nothing , Larry . Larry look away from she and put he hand on he mouth , as if frighten by something larry ohhh !... carol what ? what ? what 's wrong ? what ? oh !... the camera turn around Larry and Carol and , locate now behind Larry 's back , give we a full shot of the entrance of Larry 's building . carol oh , my God . oh , my god. Paul and gladys dalton , Paul 's assistant at he movie house , be come out of the building . Paul tun he head around and see Carol and Larry . paul hallo , there . carol hey . paul how be you ? carol h- how be you ? paul May I introduce gladys dalton , my gal Friday ? carol Mrs. D ... how be you ? Nice to see you . Carol and Larry shake hand with gladys . paul this be Larry and Carol , my neighbor . carol yes . gladys Nice to see you . paul we be just watch Madame bovary . wonderful . gladys such a sad story . carol yeah , it be . we , you know ... larry she - she - she get cremate . she get kill at the end . carol yeah . paul yeah . listen you gotta stop up for a drink before I go on my trip . carol Love to . paul see you later . carol see you later . paul oh , incidentally , if you hear of anybody who need a apartment , I think I may be move . carol oh , well , it ... paul see you later . come on , gladys . he put he hand on gladys ' shoulder and start walk away with she . carol what a shame . paul good night . carol good night . the camera follow the depart couple , gladys still walk with the help of a cane . larry apartment - bedroom - interior night medium shot of Larry and Carol , sit in they bed . they have already put on they nightclothes and they have a last talk before go to sleep . larry oh , Jesus . what a day , huh ? I can not figure it out . it 's get to be that either he 's a ... carol what ? larry either she 's a twin , or he 's a twin . carol he ... he ... larry or they be multiple personality , or you be a twin or I be a twin . Carol laugh . larry because I do not know what 's go on . carol you be nut . larry you know , look . carol wait , wait , yeah . larry let I be logical about this . carol okay , she 's not a twin . we know she 's not a twin . larry hey . carol what be you talk about , Larry ? larry stay calm . I want to try and puzzle this out . carol I be calm , Larry . okay , but okay , she 's a twin , she 's not a twin . I mean , now you be say we be twin ? what be you , nut ? okay , I be calm . I be calm , okay . larry yeah , I be go to be logical . carol all right , all right . larry the , um , the first thing be this . flashback scene larry landing - hallway - interior night the door of the elevator open . Inside the cabin , Larry and Carol be smile and talk . larry ( voice over ) we come home that night . there have be a heart attack . some neighbor be gather around Paul 's apartment door . Larry ask they question . larry ( voice over ) uh , what if they induce it ? you know , some kind of poison . we never see the body . the camera pan inside Paul 's corridor , where Mrs. House 's body , completely cover by a white sheet , be lie dead on a stretcher with the doctor and the emergency medical team around she . larry ( voice over ) you know , it have to be some other woman . you know , some - some woman who probably have some kind of ballpark resemblance to Mrs. House . the camera pan around to the group of neighbor stand in the hallway . larry ( voice over ) the super say he see she , but , uh , he 's a drunk , you know . Mrs. House could have be hide . larry apartment - bedroom - interior night back to Larry and Carol sit in they bed . larry but you - you remember that you hear a noise that night . that have to be Mrs. House leave to check into the hotel . carol yeah . yeah . well ... larry I can not sleep . I just , I ... carol no , wait a minute , wait . larry I be too , you know ... I be too ... carol but it do not make any sense at all , Larry , because suddenly , you know , he murder she . I mean , what 's it all about ? larry let I , let I call Vincent 's restaurant in New Jersey ... and why do not we go meet Ted and marcia and get something to eat , and talk with they . carol wait a minute . at one in the morning ? what be you talk about ? you mean ... you wanna ... larry yeah , so what ? so what ? it 's so , you know , Ted - Ted be take she to a show and to- to - to dinner ... so they will be there . carol all the way out to New Jersey ... larry so , hey , kid , this be the apple . this be the town that never sleep . that 's why we do not live in duluth . that , plus I do not know where duluth be . he pick up the phone on he night table . larry lucky I . vincent's restaurant - interior night Vincent 's be a nice cosy place , with dim light , tasteful decoration , and light piano music . full shot of a table with the four customer see in profile . Larry be seat next to marcia , and across from he wife . Ted be seat next to Carol . during the follow conversation , the camera move around the table . ted uh , you really see he face ? carol yes . oh , yes , I be here to tell you ... ted you see , you see what he look like ? no question . you know exactly who it be . larry oh , no question about it . it be - it be Mr. House . there be no ... not a , not a question . I mean , you could see he because , uh , you know , there be - there be just no way that you could avoid it . he be right there . the camera stop on marcia and thus stop move around the table . marcia to I , it 's obvious . larry wh ... how do you see it ? ted how obvious ? what do you mean ? marcia obvious he 's commit the perfect murder . larry what do you mean ? ted what ? how ? what do you mean ? marcia okay , look . you have to start off with another woman who bear some ballpark resemblance to Mrs. House . ted yeah . larry that 's what I say . that 's exac ... I use the term «ballpark resemblance» myself . carol I know . you use the term , right . larry it be my idea . I say what she say . marcia they be with this woman . ted yeah . flashback scene paul' apartment - live room - interior night Paul and another woman , that look like he wife , be seat around a table , have dinner . lilian House give a glass of wine to the woman , then another one to Paul , and kiss he on the forehead . marcia ( voice over ) maybe have dinner . they do not induce a heart attack , because that 's fiction bullshit . later . the woman have a hard attack . Paul help she to walk to the sofa . marcia ( voice over ) she have a heart attack . she drop dead spontaneously . they have no think of kill she . maybe they wish she be dead . ted ( voice over ) why ? marcia ( voice over ) I do not know . maybe they stand to gain if she die . they see a golden opportunity . later . lilian , wear a pink night -robe , be dress the dead woman , lie on the sofa , into she own clothes . marcia ( voice over ) Mrs. House dress she up in she clothes . she hide . larry ( voice over ) this be my theory . exactly my theory . marcia ( voice over ) that 's right . she check into a hotel . vincent's restaurant - interior night back to the restaurant . Long shot on the table . all the other table be empty . the camera zoom to a full shot of the table , marcia and Larry face we , and Carol and Ted with they back to we . carol yeah , well , we get that far , with the exception of the actual spontaneous heart attack . marcia okay , you know the husband 's plan to go to Paris with this pretty young woman . ted yeah . larry yeah . marcia he 's cheating on he wife . ted yeah . marcia so , instead of finish the scheme they plan , he double - cross she and kill she , take she share of the profit . ted well , you think , you think helen moss be in on this , too , huh ? marcia yeah , a good chance she 's aware . carol okay , but what about Mrs. dalton ? he claim he take she to the movie . marcia she 's he alibi . she cover for he when he strangle he wife . she say he be at work all day . larry that 's right , because he introduce she as a colleague . marcia light a cigarette . ted wait , why ... why would she ... marcia she 's a colleague who maybe love he . ted oh , wait , wait . he 's cheating on she , too . larry cheate on two woman ? ted yeah , yeah , yeah . it 's perfect . just , it all fit . larry the guy do not look the part . marcia the point be , he 's get away with the perfect murder . there be no body around to prove anything . and all the paperwork be strictly above board . he 's home free . ted oh , my ... oh , where do you find this woman ? she 's a genius . larry she 's brilliant . she 's brilliant . but the guy ... he know that we know , so if he know we be on he . marcia well , he do not care . why should he ? everything 's be neatly dispose of . he 's home free . only he , and maybe he mistress , know the truth . carol well , j... larry she 's right , there 's no body . carol hold on , hold on , for a second . we do not know this be all true . this be just a theory . larry yeah , but it 's a great theory . have you be pay attention ? this be a great theory . ted oh , yeah . it sound good , it hold water . everything fit together in this . carol I be pay attention . larry I think it 's great . marcia when I come back from the lady room , I will tell you how to trap he . she stand up and start walk away to the toilet . Larry and Ted stand up too . they wait for she to be go to sit back . larry oh , excuse I . ted where - where do you find she ? she 's - she 's - she 's really something . larry her mind , it just go . ted yeah , she 's get one idea after another . it 's like one thing lead to another . larry fantastic . Close shot on Carol . carol I be surprised you two do not drool yourself to death . the camera zoom back to a medium shot on Carol and Ted . ted oh , I think we just have a nice first date . that 's ... larry ( voice over ) I know that they would hit it off . carol why ? uh-huh . yeah . him . larry ( voice over ) I - i- I know this . carol yeah , uh-huh . what about you ? you be gonna jump into she lap . I see you , Larry . the camera move around the table to a medium shot on Larry , with Ted and Carol 's back in the foreground . larry what be you talk about ? carol huh ? larry I be , I be , huh , what 's wrong with you ? I be she editor . I be - I be a father figure to she , how ... carol yeah , the only thing you do not do be rub you hand together . that be it . larry you gotta be joke . what ... be you tell I that you be jealous of marcia ? carol I ... well . it 's not that I be jealous . ted kid , kid . people , what be we do , here ? the camera pan to a medium close shot on Carol . carol yeah , look who 's talk . my God , I mean , you keep stare into she eye like she be the Dragon Lady , or something . the camera slightly zoom back to show we Larry and Carol larry what would wrong with you ? you be jealous because he 's - he 's interested in she . ted I be interested in she theory . what ... I do not ... what be you ... carol well , I would just like to know if you take all you - you author to lunch at the café des ... marcia walk back to the table . marcia okay , I have get it . she sit down , while Larry half - stand up and then sit back . Close shot on marcia marcia here 's the story . since he 's get away with it , all we can do be bluff . as long as we have no body , we have no case . the camera pan to Ted . ted what ... what do you mean ? what do we ... we pretend that he slip up , and the molten steel do not do the job ? what - what do you mean ? the camera pan back to marcia . marcia yeah , it 's possible . he see you there , he know you be onto he . after he run away , why could not you have retrieve the body ? larry you be kid . I ... we could not have get she out of that . we ... I would have wound up with a few toe and a shoulder , maybe , at most . marcia well , that 's ... okay , okay , you have the body . what do he know ? he be probably too scared to be very lucid . the camera pan to Ted , who look at marcia with worshipp eye . marcia ( voice over ) he 's a amateur . he dumped the body and run off , and then somehow - who know the detail , you two dig she out . now , you can send he to the chair . carol okay , okay , just ... ted I like this woman , she 's lurid . carol let I tell you why he 's not go to believe we , okay ? the camera pan on Larry . larry yeah , first of all , because I can not , I can not bluff or lie without giggle , so-so ... the camera pan to Carol . carol yeah . no , because if we really have the body , why tell he ? why not go straight to the Police ? the camera pan to marcia . marcia if you tell the cop , you can not shake he down . medium shot on another table , around which two middle - age man be seat , listen very eagerly to the conversation . ted ( voice over ) oh , she 's wick . oh , i-look ... look how , look how this work out . you go to the law , what do you gain ? medium close shot on Ted and Carol . ted I mean , so - so maybe they , you know , they put he in jail . what have you get ? you have not get anything . larry ( voice over ) right . ted but if he want the evidence , and he 's get to pay for it , now ... okay , now he 's nervous , right ? carol yeah , you know , wait . there 's just so many fallacy in this , I can not even count they . the camera pan to marcia and Larry . ted ( voice over ) what ? name one . carol ( voice over ) name one ? okay , the guy look we straight in the eye and say , '' what body ? what the hell be you talk about ? prove it .. marcia well , that 's when we keep bluff . ted ( voice over ) what ? how ? what do we do ? marcia we produce the body . larry yeah , but where be you gonna get it . Madame tussaud 's ? marcia yeah . say - say we find someone to corroborate this story . carol ( voice over ) oh , really . j-just ... marcia someone he trust . the camera pan to Ted and Carol . carol like who ? marcia ( voice over ) like he lover . say she call and say , '' Paul , I have just see lillian 's body . they want a hundred thousand dollar for it .. ted why - why would she do that ? the camera pan to marcia and Larry . marcia ( to Larry ) remember that book you recommend to I ? '' murder in manhattan» ? larry oh , yes . Max schindler 's book . that 's right , the phone call . carol ( voice over ) I do not remember that book . larry this be perfect . carol ( voice over ) you never mention that book to I . larry no , no . because you do not like light read , so I never ... the camera pan to Ted and Carol . carol since when do I not like light read , Larry ? ted I do not know ... I do not know this book . what be this book ? the camera pan to Larry and marcia . larry this book . that 's fantastic ! it would be so perfect because s-she 's a , she 's a-an , actress , or would - be actress , anyhow , and you be - you-re ... jeez , we could use he theatre . he 's a playwright . this be so perfect . you theatre be empty all the time , anyhow . the camera pan to Carol and Ted . carol oh , god. ted oh , yeah , thank you . that 's great . what - what be we talk about here ? what - what do you mean ? what - what be this ? the camera pan to Larry and marcia . larry listen to this . what you do be , we get she in for a fake audition , and you write some line that do not mean anything . ted ( voice over ) yeah . larry and she do they , and she do not know what she 's do and we tape-record it . carol ( voice over ) uh ... larry listen to this . carol ( voice over ) I be listen . larry and we edit it up . we edit the tape recording up , and we make one end of a phone call ... the camera pan to Ted and Carol . larry ( voice over ) ... and we play it into the phone to Mr. House . ted this be in the book ? the camera pan to Larry and marcia . larry this be perfect , list ... carol ( voice over ) oh , come on . no , that could never , ever work , in a million year . you do not know what he 's go to say . the camera pan to Ted and Carol . carol what 's he gonna say ? the camera pan to marcia and Larry . marcia in the book , they use several tape recorder . carol ( voice over ) in the book ? marcia we coordinate it . larry it 's coordinate . the camera pan to Ted and Carol . carol in the book . you mean , you be base you plan on some dumb paperback ? larry ( voice over ) this be great . this be great . carol I s... no , really . larry ( voice over ) I like ... no , it 's great . carol oh. the camera pan to marcia and Larry . marcia he 's get away with murder . we only chance be to nab he as he try to kill again , cover he track . medium shot on the two waiter , stand on either side of the counter , and listen to the conversation . larry ( voice over ) it 's great . what happen , be ... it provoke he to kill again . they catch he the second time . marcia ( voice over ) exactly . he 's get away with the first murder . medium close shot on Carol and Ted . larry ( voice over ) you know what I be think , though ? the camera pan to marcia and Larry . marcia what ? larry actually , in the book what happen be , now that I think of it , he ... he kill the ... the two people that be work the scheme on he . ted ( voice over ) yeah , that 's all right . carol ( voice over ) but ... ted ( voice over ) but you be not worried about that . larry um , well , I do not know . marcia it 's perfect . larry either that , or I have ... I have just develop parkinson 's . the camera zoom back , to show we the four people around the table . ted no , we can handle he . we can handle he . listen , this be incredible . this be a incredible idea . marcia it 's perfect . it 's perfect . he know you be onto he . you shake he down . carol no , no . marcia he come after you , we nab he . the camera stop zoom back and give we a full shot on the table . ted that 's great . it 's great . you be wonderful . I just ... I be amaze . marcia yeah . carol I ... I just ... marcia it 's either that , or he walk . carol yeah . yeah , wait . I ... so , what you be say be ... ted this be great . carol wait , no , okay ... what you be say ... oh boy . you be say , you want to provoke Mr. House into try to murder Larry and I . marcia yeah . it 's perfect . you be not scared , be you ? larry no , no , no , no , no , I be not scared . I be not scared . I be just turn it over in my mind . I just want to check with my clergyman before we commit . new - york - a STREET - exterior day medium shot on helen moss , make a phone call from a open booth in the street . while she be talk , the camera come closer to she , to a medium close shot on she face . helen hi , uh , b-twenty - four message ? oh , really ? audition for what ? do he say ? okay , okay . wait , hold on . she look into she purse and get she agenda out of it . helen let I get a pencil . okay . ted' theatre - stage - interior day full slightly high - angle shot on the stage . in the middle of the stage floor , a white circle , on which there be a chair and a small table with a telephone . Suzanne raphael , a young woman , be audition . she be seat on the chair , hold the telephone . behind Suzanne , which be the leave side of the stage see from the audience , a white wall , with a doorless open . on either side of the wall , two red column . and on either side of the girl , which be the front and the back of the stage , two red metallic frame . in front of the girl , a video camera on a tripod , with a operator stand behind the camera . actually , the operator be sy , Larry and Carol 's friend , whom we have see much earlier in the film , in the antique market and at Elaine 's restaurant . the stage be well light , when the audience hall be in the dark . suzanne yeah , well , dad , you know , I have hear just about enough of this . she slam the phone down . the camera pan around to show we the right side of the stage , where there be several row of theatre seat and a table in front of the seat . Ted , marcia and Marilyn be seat in the front row . Marilyn be sy 's wife , whom we have also see earlier in the film . Carol be seat in the second row , behind marcia . ted good , that 's great . thank you , Suzanne . thank you . marcia we will let you know . that 's Suzanne raphael , right ? ted yeah . good , thank you . Carol tap on Marilyn 's shoulder , and whisper something to she . Ted join they in they whisper conversation . the camera pan back on the stage . Larry , with a clipboard in he hand , have enter the stage , push helen in front of he . larry this be helen moss . helen hi , there . carol ( voice over ) hi , there . marcia ( voice over ) hi. helen hi. medium close shot on Ted , who stand up , and walk toward the stage . the camera follow he . ted uh , have you , uh ... I know , I know you just get the material , uh , you know , just in the ... last little while , but ... uh , h-have you have a chance to - to study it ? to go over it , a little bit ? the camera pan to a medium close shot of helen . helen yes , yes . uh , I have , but , um , I have just a few question . ted sure , yeah . the camera move slightly , and be now locate behind Ted 's back , still with helen in medium close shot . helen be she divorced , in this ? ted uh , yes . yes . helen uh , recently ? ted yes. yeah . but she 's , uh , very , highly emotional . helen yeah . ted you know really ... uh , lot of ... lot of feel . very strong . helen oh. ted hm ? helen should I just begin ? ted yeah , just ... whenever , you know , whenever you feel it . whenever you feel into it . Ted walk away . helen take a very deep breathe , sit down , put she hand trough she hair , take another breathe , and pick up the phone handset from the telephone on the table . she overdo it a lot , try to act as the prima dona she be not . helen yeah , okay . she dial a fake number on the phone keyboard . helen hello , Joe ? i- I be just ... I ... ted ( voice over ) uh , let I stop you right there . helen look in Ted 's direction . ted ( voice over ) I be sorry , I ... uh , if you will be ... if you will start out more frighten ... then that will take you where you be gonna go . helen right , right . she breathes deeply before start again . helen hello , Joe ? I can not talk much , now , and if I sound strange , do not get alarmed . later . helen be audition another scene . she do not have the phone in she hand any more . she be hold a script and look at it . Larry be seat in front of she , and read he own script on he clipboard . helen give I you hand . hold on . try not to fall . hold on . larry I be try , I be try . helen quickly ! hurry ! later . Close shot of helen 's face audition another scene . helen they be ask two hundred thousand dollar for it . yeah . they say it 's Monet , but I say it 's a fake . medium shot of helen , see from behind . we see sy stand behind he camera on she right , and Larry stand with he clipboard in he hand on she leave . in the background , Ted , marcia , Marilyn and Carol listen to she . while helen be talk , the camera move backward through the open in the scenery . helen ever since Joe come home from Vietnam , he 's cast a pall on everything . a dark cloud , a pall . a build - exterior night . full shot on the upper level of a building , that could be either Ted 's theatre of sy 's workshop . the camera tilt down to street level . sy workshop - interior night we be inside sy 's workshop . it be full of very high - tech video and audio equipment . medium shot of Marilyn stand behind a computer . Close to she , Carol be seat on a table , and Ted be stand next to she . they be both look at a large video monitor . on the monitor screen and on the computer screen , we see the same picture of helen audition with the telephone in she hand . helen' voice hello , Joe ? I can not talk much , right now ... the camera pan to marcia , seat behind Carol and also look at the monitor . behind she , sy be look at another monitor , and manipulate some switch on a editing machine underneath the monitor . Larry be stand next to he . helen' voice ... and if I sound strange , do not get alarmed . sy rewind the video tape . helen' voice hello , Joe ? I can not talk much right now . sy fast wind the tape . helen' voice hello , Joe ? ever since Joe come back from Vietnam ... Close shot on Ted 's face , then the camera pan to Carol and marcia , seat one behind the other , and behind they , sy work on the editing machine , with Larry stand next to he . the camera zoom on sy. helen' voice ... he 's cast a pall on everything . a dark cloud , a pall . sy rewind the tape . helen' voice a pall . sy rewind the tape . helen' voice pall . sy rewind the tape . helen' voice pall . slightly later . medium close shot of Ted look at something we do not see , with marcia stand next to he . helen' voice hello , Joe ? the camera pan to Carol stand up and look at the same thing as Ted . we hear helen 's voice distort by sy 's editing machine . helen' voice ( distort ) hello , Joe . the camera pan back on Ted and marcia , then it pan to a close shot of a big high - tech tape recorder , on which sy be work . we see he hand cut off a short section of the audio tape , and glue back the two severe end of the tape together . full shot of the room . in the foreground , sy be work on he tape recorder . on he right , Larry be stand and look at he . on he leave , Marilyn also look at he . behind he , Carol , Ted and marcia , all look at he . ted it 's so ... the camera zoom on Ted and marcia . Close up shot on the tape recorder . sy start it . helen' voice hello , Paul ? I can not talk much , right now ... the camera tilt up from the tape recorder to a medium shot on Ted and marcia . Ted smile when he hear the work sy have do with the tape . helen' voice ... and if I sound strange , do not get alarmed . marcia ( smiling ) perfect . she shake hand with Larry . ted that 's great . he also shake hand with Larry , move slightly Carol out of the way . marcia you do great . great . Larry suddenly notice that Carol have be exclude from the hand - shaking party , and he turn around toward she . carol well , yeah , it 's , excuse I , hey , do not worry , yeah , okay . marcia fantastic . marcia' car - interior day the camera be behind marcia , who be drive in a street in New - York . we see helen walk on the sidewalk . marcia there she be . the camera pan around , from inside the car , to get a better shot of helen . ted where ? marcia you have to keep she busy for all afternoon . through the back window of the car , we see helen enter a restaurant call '' time» . ted yeah , yeah , okay . okay , yeah . yeah , I will - I will just keep improvise , you know ? marcia okay , well , it should not be too hard . she 's a hungry actress , you be a playwright with a role . new - york - a STREET - exterior day Close shot on marcia 's car , inside which marcia and Ted be talk together . ted you know what ? I will g... I will talk about the play , or , get she , get she talk about the part , you know , she life . I will get she talk about she life , and she whole background . stop the car , I be gonna get out here . marcia good . we will hook up later , okay ? ted all right . good - good luck with you assignment . ok ? marcia all right , you too . marcia have stop the car , and Ted be get out of it . sy and marilyn' apartment - live room - interior day full shot of a large room , furnish with good taste . in the background a large bay window , overlook some green tree . on the right , there be a large modern mantlepiece . on the leave , a bicycle be lean on the wall . under the window , a large and cosy sofa . Carol and sy be stand in front of the window and talk together . next to they and marcia be also stand and read a large album . in the foreground , Larry , who be the only one not to be casually dress , and be wear jacket and necktie , be play with a small cassette- player in he hand . Marilyn be walk into the room . marilyn listen , do anybody want some guacamole or anything ? sy walk toward she , hold another cassette player . Carol be also hold one . sy would you stop with the guacamole ? we have to get start with this . he look at he watch . larry he should be back for lunch , right ? sy come on , let 's go . marilyn yeah . all right , let 's go . larry so , everybody 's get the right tape recorder and the right tape in ? sy yes , we do . they all sit down around a low table . marcia yeah . larry all right , one second . and then we can ... I meat ... so , uh , we be on speaker . carol this be so insane . larry now wait , wait , wait . there 's , um ... I be not nervous . carol oh , w... paul be movie house - backstage - interior day the backstage be in the same disorder as before , with all the mirror scattered around . full shot of Paul and gladys stand in the middle of the room paul I have the contractor come in and nobody 's here ? now you see if you can find ... the phone ring . paul I will get that . uh , you go and call he . Paul walk out of the room . gladys oh . yes , yes , all right . paul be movie house - old dressing room - interior day Paul walk into a small room in a corner of the backstage . it must have be a dress room , but now it be full of various junk , with a big poster , that look like a enlarge newspaper , on the wall . Paul pick up the phone from a small counter fix on the wall . paul hallo ? sy and marilyn' apartment - live room - interior day full shot of the little group around the low table . marcia and Larry be seat next to each other in front of the camera , sy be seat on Larry 's leave and he wife on marcia 's right . Carol be seat on the other side of the table , with she back to the camera . marcia , who be seat next to the telephone , press the «play» button on she cassette player . helen 's voice come out of it . helen' voice hello , Paul . I can not talk much right now . and if I sound strange , do not get alarmed . marcia press the «stop» button . paul be movie house - old dressing room - interior day medium close shot of Paul on the phone . paul what 's the problem ? he sit down . sy and marilyn' apartment - live room - interior day marcia press the «play» button . helen' voice they have you wife 's body . they show it to I . paul be movie house - old dressing room - interior day paul say that again . sy and marilyn' apartment - live room - interior day Carol be shaking she head , not pay much attention to what be go on . Marilyn and marcia both silently point to Carol 's cassette player , to tell she it be she turn to play it . Carol pick up she player to put it in front of the telephone and press the «play» button . helen' voice they have you wife 's body . they show it to I . paul be movie house - old dressing room - interior day paul exactly who have it ? how many be there ? sy and marilyn' apartment - live room - interior day it be sy 's turn to switch he player on . helen' voice you neighbor . that 's right . they want two hundred thousand dollar for it . paul be movie house - old dressing room - interior day paul where be you call from ? there 's a echo . be you on a speaker phone ? sy and marilyn' apartment - live room - interior day the group seem surprised by a question they do not expect . marcia silently point to Marilyn 's player . Marilyn press the «play» button . helen' voice hold on . marcia press on the «mute» button on the telephone set . larry we do not have a answer for that . what be we gonna do ? marcia go to a different think . carol mm...mmm ... what think ? wait . marcia press the «mute» button on the telephone . sy turn to Carol . sy shhh !... Carol put she hand in front of she mouth . Larry get he player close to the telephone and press the «play» button helen' voice you have either get to pay they off , or get rid of they . paul be movie house - old dressing room - interior day paul look , we can not talk about this on the phone . can you meet I ? sy and marilyn' apartment - live room - interior day it be still Larry 's turn to use he player . helen' voice ( louder ) yes ! they be keep it refrigerate . marcia hit Larry 's elbow , to tell he it be the wrong cue . paul ( voice over in the speaker of the telephone ) what ? what do you say ? Larry be very nervous all of a sudden , and put another player in front of the telephone . helen' voice about two hour ago . Larry drop the player . paul be movie house - old dressing room - interior day paul two ... what ? two hour what ? sy and marilyn' apartment - live room - interior day marcia point to Marilyn 's player . Marilyn press the «play» button . helen' voice hold on . marcia press the «mute» button on the telephone set . Larry just get the cassette out of he player and can not put it back in . he be more and more nervous . larry Jesus ... we be all screw up . I get this all screw up . marcia okay , let 's get off as quick as possible . we have do it . sy all right , well , do something . do something . marcia ( to Larry ) shhh !... um , okay . sh !... she press the «mute» button on the telephone , then press the «play» button on she player . helen' voice hello , Paul . I can not talk much right now . and if I sound strange , do not get alarmed . paul be movie house - old dressing room - interior day paul look , helen , you be not make any sense . I know you be upset , but you have to pull yourself together . now , could we meet ? the usual spot . sy and marilyn' apartment - live room - interior day helen' voice hold on . Marilyn , who have just be play she player , press the «stop» button on it . then marcia press the «mute» button on the telephone . meanwhile , Larry have succeed in get a good length of tape out of he cassette , and try to put it back in ! paul be movie house - old dressing room - interior day paul helen ? helen , you still there ? helen ? sy and marilyn' apartment - live room - interior day Larry be still try to put the tape back into the cassette . marcia okay , hurry up , hurry up . okay . larry somebody press something , come on . now , Larry be surround by a hundred foot of tape , which be fly all around he ! marcia point to Carol 's player . carol what ? larry you can not press some ... come on . marcia press the «mute» button on the telephone , and Carol press the «play» button on she player . helen' voice you have no choice , they have get the goods . you just pay they off , or get rid of they . I have to hang up . marcia press the «off» button on the telephone . paul be movie house - old dressing room - interior day Paul slowly put the telephone down on its hook . he stand up and walk back to the backstage . paul be movie house - backstage - interior day gladys what 's the matter , Paul ? you look all shake up . paul no , no . it 's nothing . gladys I worry about you this day , Paul . paul I be fine , I be fine . gladys you be different . paul I say I be fine . will you stop interfere ? gladys you never use to pull away from I . paul ( get mad ) I tell you to leave I alone ! I do not want to have this conversation all the time ! he walk out and gladys put she hand on she eye . she slowly walk away with the help of she cane . new - york - STREET outside sy and marilyn' house - exterior day full shot of a nice building with short tree and wringht iron gate in front of it . we hear voice but we do not see anyone yet . larry ( voice over ) great . all right . now , my job be to wait exactly one hour and call Mr. House from a phone booth . where be you ... where be you run so fast ? Carol run out of the building . carol I have to go home and change . Larry come out of the building and close the door . Carol turn toward he . carol I have get a appointment with a friend of Ted 's about a location for ... what ? larry what 's the matter ? what be you so angry about ? what be you so ... what be you so steam up about ? carol what do you mean ? well , I mean ... I just do not understand how you could give a book to marcia , and not to I . they start walk down the street . the camera follow they . larry what be you talk about ? carol I just do not need ... larry we have just a big success in there . carol what ... larry marcia like to read what I like to read . carol oh , right , God . yeah , well it 's true . I guess it 's true . I mean , we have get nothing in common , that 's for sure . now that , now that Nick 's grow up , I mean , you know , we be just leave face each other . larry you get stuff in common with Ted , right ? you can cook together with Ted , or you can take you clothes off and baste a chicken with he . carol oh , right . oh , oh , well , what about you and marcia , huh ? what do she teach you besides poker ? that 's what I would like to know , okay ? larry mud wrestle . be that what you want to hear ? nothing , I be she editor . carol look , I think the time have come for we to reevaluate we life . larry I reevaluate we life . carol yeah . larry I ... I ... I get a ten . you get a six . the camera stop move and just show just the depart couple walk down the street . carol well , listen , I think maybe I will go back to see my shrink . larry oh . you do not have to see you shrink . there 's nothing wrong with you that can not be cure with a little prozac and a polo mallet . carol just ... I just would like to be alone for a while , okay , Larry ? larry what be you talk ... carol just ... just , I ... I ... uh , okay ? Long shot of Carol run away , while Larry , stand in the middle of the sidewalk , look at she go away . a cafeteria - interior day a classical New - York cafeteria , with table and chair scattered all around the room . in the background the long counter , where the food be display , and along which the customer be lining up at lunchtime . around a slightly isolate table on the leave , Ted and helen be talk . helen so , I have this , like , really crazy father and everything . ted oh , yeah ? the camera zoom to a medium shot on Ted and helen . helen and , yeah . he 's want , like , in three state . he have a terrible drive record . so we have to move from Virginia then to New Jersey , and ... ted so , you father be want in three state for drive ? really ? helen yeah , for drive . yeah . so I move to hackensack , and then ... well , anyway , I be in all this different contest and I be even , uh , miss , uh , teenage passaic . ted oh , how wonderful . larry apartment - front hall - interior day medium shot of the room . the front door open and Carol walk in . she slam the door shut and put she purse on a table . she take she coat off , walk into the corridor and open a closet to put the coat away in it . she then choose a new set of clothes and shoe to go to she appointment . she close the closet and walk into the bathroom to change . she close the bathroom door . the camera remain outside the bathroom and start move along the corridor back to the front door . the front door open and Paul walk in . he walk silently along the corridor toward the bathroom . a cafeteria - interior day same medium shot as before on Ted and helen . ted be that before or after the fourth abortion ? helen well , after the fourth , but before the drama prize . ted the drama prize ? helen and ... mm ... hm . ted I do not remember the ... helen remember ? remember ? ted what ? helen '' out , out , damn spot ?» the topless '' macbeth '' ? ted oh , yeah . oh , for the fraternity party , yeah , yeah . helen yeah , yeah . ted topless '' macbeth» . I do not ... how could I forget that ? it 's just ... new - york - a STREET - exterior day Larry be in a open phone booth in a quiet street . he pick up the handset , put a coin in the slot , and start dial the number he have write on a piece of paper . larry hallo , Mr. House ? this be Larry Lipton . I ... I get a ... a package I think you be gonna want . of course it 's gonna cost you , uh , $ 200,000 in ... in small , unmark bill . or ... or ... or large mark one , if ... if ... if you want to go that route . paul be movie house - old dressing room - interior day the small disus dress - room in the corner of the backstage . Paul be talk into the telephone . in front of he , Carol be tie on a chair , with a white cloth gag tape on she mouth . while Paul be talk , the camera zoom on Carol 's frighten face . paul and I have a package you might want , Mr. Lipton . if you ever wanna see you wife alive again , you will do as I say . new - york - a STREET - exterior day Larry be still in the phone booth . larry oh , really ? well , I think you be bluff . yeah , do not ... do not ever try and bluff a bluffer . yeah , if ... if you get Carol , put she on the phone . paul be movie house - old dressing room - interior day Paul take the gag off Carol 's mouth and put the phone mouthpiece in front of she lip . carol ( crying ) Larry , Larry , help I ! I be here , Larry ! Paul put the gag back on Carol 's mouth new - york - a STREET - exterior day Larry look very frighten . larry oh , my ... oh , my god. D ... do not hurt she ! paul be movie house - old dressing room - interior day Paul be hold the gag in front of Carol 's mouth with one hand and the telephone with the other hand . paul I will tell you exactly where to meet I , and you bring that package I want . now , once I have it and I be safely go , you will get you wife back . otherwise , I will kill she . new - york - a STREET - exterior day Larry be now very very frighten . larry yes , yes . yeah , no , no , no , no . I ... I ... I understand . I , uh , yes , no . I will be there . I will be there . I ... I ... yes , I will b... I ... I will bring you wife 's body , she ... in ... in ... in the trunk of my car . yes , I will ... I ... I promise . I will be there . I ... Larry hang up and hold the side of the phone booth . larry I do not have he wife 's body . bluff , bluff . new - york - a STREET - exterior day Long shot of a street cover with iron work . actually , this be the same street and the same shot as the one we see earlier in the film , when Ted and Carol be follow helen go to Paul 's movie house in a yellow cab . Larry 's car be come toward we , and then turn into the dead - end street where the back entrance of Paul 's movie house be locate . dead end STREET behind paul be movie house - exterior day Larry stop the car near the entrance of the movie house . Paul be wait for he . medium close shot on Larry 's car . Larry open he door , and come out of the car . larry where 's Carol ? Paul walk toward the car . he 's get a gun in he hand . paul first show I lillian 's body . larry I ... I get it . paul there 's no way she could have survive that vat of molten steel . larry no , no , I ... I ... I get ... paul if you be not bluff , where be she ? larry why be you so nervous ? what be you so nervous about ? paul where ? larry if I do not have she , what be you so nervous ? paul where be she ? larry I get she in the trunk of my car . paul open it . come on , now . larry I ... I get she . paul if she 's not there , I will put a bullet through you head . now , open it ! larry I ... I ... Larry walk around he car toward the trunk . paul come on ! come on ! Larry open the trunk . paul step back ! Larry take something in the trunk , then close it back , but the door of the trunk do not close well and open again . Larry walk back to Paul and show he what he 's get in he hand . larry no , no , I get she . see , if I do not have she , how come I get she ring ? I get she ring , there . this be ... this be she ring . paul I think you be lie ! he walk to the open trunk . larry it 's a ... no , no , no , no . uh. Paul take a bad-look dummy out of the trunk . apparently , it be a amateur dummy that Larry have make himself . paul what be this ? what be this ? he throw the dummy back in the trunk . larry I could never bluff . paul what ? larry I ... I ... I have lose a fortune in card over the year . paul listen to I . larry I be not a bluffer . paul I be go to put a ... get a ... they start fight . paul be movie house - old dressing room - interior day Carol be still tie and gag on the chair . she try desperately to get free . dead end STREET behind paul be movie house - exterior day medium shot on Larry and Paul , still fight . Larry succeed in get away from Paul , who fire he gun . but , apparently , Larry be not hit by the gunshot , because he run toward the back entrance of the movie house . the camera follow he . paul be movie house - backstage - interior day medium shot on the staircase on the side of the backstage . Larry run down the stair , while we hear the sound of the '' Lady from shangai» . '' the Lady from shangai» be a 1947 film write , direct and play by Orson Welles . michael ( Orson Welles - voice over from the film ) that 's what grisby think . but , of course , she mean to kill grisby , too . after he would serve he purpose . poor howling idiot . Larry have now reach the backstage . he be behind the screen , a small part of which be see on the side of the shot . michael ( Orson Welles - voice over from the film ) he never even do that . he go and shot Broome . and that be not part of the plan . Broome might have get to the police before he die . Larry walk around the backstage , try to find he way . we see the black and white film on the screen , but also reflection of the screen on the multiple mirror scattered around the backstage . michael ( Orson Welles - voice over from the film ) and if the cop trace it to grisby ... and the cop make grisby talk , he would spill everything . medium shot on the staircase . Paul be walk very slowly downstairs . michael ( Orson Welles - voice over from the film ) and she would be finish , so she have to shut up grisby but quick . back on Larry , still try to find he way around the backstage . michael ( Orson Welles - voice over from the film ) and I be the fall guy . full shot on the screen , where a man be fall down a long slide , like the one use by kid on playground . we hear the film music . medium close shot on two mirror , one behind the other . on the mirror , we see the reflection of the screen . Paul be slowly walk from behind the first mirror , he gun in hand . full shot on the mirror , with Larry walk cautiously among they . paul be movie house - old dressing room - interior day medium shot on Carol in the small room . she be still try to get free from she bond and gag . elsa ( rita hayworth - voice over from the film ) why do not you try to understand ? paul be movie house - backstage - interior day back to the mirror show numerous reflection of the screen . elsa ( rita hayworth - voice over from the film ) he be mad . he have to be shot . michael ( Orson Welles - voice over from the film ) and what about I ? Paul walk in , he gun in he hand . elsa ( rita hayworth - voice over from the film ) we could have go off together . Close shot of Larry half - hide behind a large mirror . michael ( Orson Welles - voice over from the film ) one who follow he nature , keep he original nature in the end . Larry inadvertently drop the large mirror on the floor . the mirror break with a crash sound . carol ( voice over ) help ! help ! the camera pan to Paul , walk slowly with he gun point toward Larry . paul they can not see we behind the screen , and they can not hear we with the sound on . not even a gunshot . behind Paul , we see the film on the screen . we have now reach the famous last scene of the film , shot in the hall of mirror . rita hayworth 's face be reflect on the many mirror in the film , just like , in the actual scene in the backstage , Paul and Larry be reflect on the many mirror scattered around . arthur ( Everett sloane - voice over from the film ) I know I would find you two together . Arthur 's figure , walk with a cane , be reflect in the many mirror in the film . just the same , gladys , who have just enter the backstage , walk with a cane , be also reflect on the mirror scattered around she . she have a gun in the hand which be not hold the cane . while gladys and Paul be talk , the film keep on show on the screen behind they , but we do not understand the word from the film , because Paul and gladys ' voice be louder . gladys hallo , Paul . do not you expect I ? medium shot on the mirror , show several reflection of Paul . paul Mrs. dalton . Close shot on gladys ' face . while she be talk , the camera pan away from she , show she reflection on a mirror . gladys you make a lot of promise to I , over the year . and then , you decide to dump I for that young model . the camera keep on pan , show another reflection of gladys . paul ( voice over ) I never lead you on . gladys ( with a very harsh voice ) it 's late for excuse . medium shot on the mirror show several reflection of Paul . paul none of you can prove anything . full shot of the screen , show Arthur and he numerous reflection on the mirror in the film . arthur ( Everett sloane - voice over from the film ) so you would be foolish to fire that gun . low angle shot on the staircase , show Larry go down the stair . arthur ( Everett sloane - voice over from the film ) with this mirror , it 's difficult to tell . you be aim at I , be not you ? larry Carol ? Carol ? Carol ? medium shot of gladys and one of she reflection . gladys I be aim at you , lover . arthur ( Everett sloane - voice over from the film ) of course , kill you be kill myself . gladys of course , kill you be kill myself . arthur ( Everett sloane - voice over from the film ) it 's the same thing . gladys but you know , I be pretty tired of both of we . she fire she gun twice medium shot on the many reflection of Paul . he fire he gun twice . we hear noise of mirror be break by the gunshot , both in the film , and on the backstage itself . medium shot of gladys and one of she reflection . she turn around , not be sure , because of the mirror , of Paul 's exact location . medium shot of Paul walk on the backstage . we still hear noise of mirror be break , but we do not know if the noise come from the film or the backstage . medium shot of gladys and several of the reflection . medium shot of the floor of the backstage . we see the bottom of the screen and , of course , the film project on it , and in which the mirror be be break . Paul enter from behind a mirror frame , and fall on the floor . gladys ' reflection appear in several mirror . she stop and look at Paul 's body lie on the floor . paul be movie house - old dressing room - interior day medium close shot of Larry enter the room . he rush to Carol , and take she gag off . larry God ! be you okay ? be you okay ? he hug and kiss she . carol oh , God , Larry ! oh , Larry , I be so happy to see you ! larry Jesus , I be , I be never so glad to see somebody in my life . be you all right ? he start untying she hand . carol yes , I be all right . larry you do not know what 's go on out there . I will never say that life do not imitate art again . I be ... I be ... oh , gee ... carol we ... we gotta call the police , Larry . larry yes , and ... and ... and ... a glazier . carol I know . oh , god. larry Quick , quick . dial , dial , dial . he pick up the telephone , and Carol , whose hand be now completely free , start dial . carol Larry . oh , God , Larry . oh , God . oh , honey . oh , god. ow ! ow ! oh , God ! Jesus ! Larry hug and kiss she again . larry I be sorry . I be sorry . oh , wife mine . he take the rope away , but he do it so nervously that he almost take Carol 's head off ! carol aow ! aow ! ( talk in the phone ) hello ? larry wife mine . carol oh , god. new - york - STREET in front of the police station - exterior day medium close shot on the top part of the door of the police station . a sign say : '' 4th precinct 621». the camera tilt down . Three uniform policeman be stand on the sidewalk near the door . marcia and Ted come out of the station , and stop at the entrance . ted God , it 's ... it 's so complicated . I can not ... can not keep track of it all . marcia oh , listen . I will give it to you one more time . marcia take a cigarette , and Ted light it with he lighter . flashback scene paul' apartment - live room - interior night medium shot . it 's dinner time in Paul 's apartment . Paul and lilian 's sister be seat around the table . lilian come in from the kitchen marcia ( voice over ) Mrs. House have a sister who move to England many year ago . lilian give a glass of wine to she sister . marcia ( voice over ) she change she name when she marry . lilian give a glass of wine to Paul . marcia ( voice over ) her husband die . she move back to New York recently , a very , very rich widow ... but a recluse . lilian 's sister have a heart attack . Paul help she walk away from the table to the sofa . marcia ( voice over ) Mr. and Mrs. House know they be not in she will . they have she over to dinner , she accidentally keel over . I guess right there . lilian 's sister be lie dead on the sofa , and lilian , wear a pink night -robe , be dress she sister in she own clothes . marcia ( voice over ) she have a reasonable resemblance to she sister , so they fake it ... pretend lillian House die . they cremate the sister . the camera pan to Paul talk on the telephone . marcia ( voice over ) lillian check into a fleabag joint ... and for several week she pretend to be she sister ... close she account , liquidate she asset , accumulate big money . the camera pan back to the sofa , where lilian be still dress she sister . marcia ( voice over ) what she do not realize be that she husband be two-time she with helen moss , this pretty model . new - york - STREET in front of the police station - exterior day back to the entrance of the police station , where Ted and marcia be still talk . they start walk along the street . marcia so , he decide not to cut she in and go off to ... I do not know ... with he mistress and , uh , keep all the dough . so , he kill lillian . he cremate she , or pour molten steel all over she or something ... and , uh , that 's when we come along and trip he up . medium shot of Ted and marcia slowly walk behind the police car park near the station . ted he have some great alibis . marcia yeah , that woman that work for he ? ted yeah . marcia Mrs. dalton ? she cover for he . she love he . not that she dream he be a murderer . ted what do you ... what do you ... I want , I want to celebrate , or something . what do you wanna do ? you wanna ... wanna go see what , uh , what Larry and Carol be up to ? marcia I think they wanna be alone . ted oh , yeah . uh , okay . all right . uh , well , you have any plan ? marcia you be take I to dinner , right ? ted yeah , right . absolutely . only we can not sleep together . marcia why not ? ted not ... not tonight . marcia why not ? ted well , I already sleep with helen moss once today , and I be not young and active like I use to be . marcia you will do anything to catch a murderer , will not you ? new - york - larry residence STREET - exterior day full shot of the corner of the street where Larry 's building be locate . the pavement be wet from a recent rain . Carol and Larry be come around the corner of the street . larry what a experience . carol oh , really one . larry I be ... I be still vibrate . carol I know . larry incredible . Carol , who be walk quite rapidly , suddenly slow down . track shot of Larry and Carol , with the camera in front of they carol oh , you know , Larry , you be surprisingly brave . larry what do you mean surprisingly ? carol yeah . larry you seem shocked . carol well ... larry you know , I be a pretty good guy , you know . carol well , you know ... yeah , I know , uh ... larry where do you wanna go for dinner tonight ? let 's not go to any restaurant where they serve coward . Carol laugh . carol I do not know . larry I ... what be you laugh at ? carol you know , Larry , I love you . I love you . larry how could you have ever be jealous of marcia ? be not that ridiculous ? do not you know that I could only love you ? carol you be jealous of Ted . larry Ted ? carol yeah . larry you have get to be kid . take away his-his-his elevator shoe and he fake suntan and he cap tooth ... and what do you have ? carol you . Larry laugh . they have reach they building and they enter it . larry right . I love that . carol I ... a attendant open the door for they . through the glass door , we see they cross the lobby toward the elevator . credit the credit be '' Woody Allen style» : in white Windsor Light condense typeface letter on a black background . the end