maniac ( 1934 ) 1 meirschultz laboratory -- cabinet in background . oper - ating table in semi-foreground . table contain apparatus -- some strange - look paraphana - lia which might remind one of vivisectionist -- overhead light on table -- rest of room dim and eerie-look . two practical hypodermics . 2 Dr. meirschultz be work on table , testing hypodermics with back to audience ( side view ) and do business with instrument . he hold hypo to light and ad - dress he assistant . meirschultz tonight , my dear maxwell , I be ready to try my experi - ment on a human . maxwell be a bit alarmed . maxwell yes ? meirschultz at the morgue , there be a [ lethal ] gas suicide - - a ideal specimen . maxwell be surprised ; run hand through he hair . maxwell have you make arrangement ? we see meirschultz ' face for the first time -- rather typical , half - mad scientist -- muss gray hair -- very penetrate eye -- beard . 3 show he eye as he say " pry eye . " meirschultz ( very sharp ) no ! you know I do not work under pry eye . very contemptuous . you will find a way for I to work without detection . it be you chance to show you gratitude for my generosity and protection . maxwell be excited at the queer look in meirschultz ' eye . maxwell I will never forget what you have do for I and will do anything to help you -- but the morgue -- dead people -- sup - pose we should be catch ? meirschultz how many time have you tell I of you imperson - ation -- that you never have a chance . 4 meirschultz drum on table . craftily . maybe you art will serve you after all . you have see the coroner . why not impersonate he ? -- that 's it ! see maxwell succumb . impersonate he . the time have come when you can repay I for what I have do . 5 Max be agitate and seem afraid of the doctor . maxwell it 's horrible , I tell you ! work on the dead ; try to bring back life . Max be excited . it 's not natural -- you with you weird idea ! have not I stay here and nurse die dog -- and -- notice Satan . -- even that miserable cat . and for what -- for a measly roof and food . because you take I in when I be down and out ! 6 CUT to Satan , gaze at he . 7 the doctor glare at maxwell , who seem to cringe under the spell of the doctor 's eye . meirschultz once a ham , always a ham . you , a actor ! and do not for - get , my dear maxwell , the police will be glad to find you . Max be very contrite -- smile wanly . clear he throat . maxwell hm -- I do not mean I would not -- meirschultz be satisfied -- but half sarcastically -- meirschultz of course not . in time you may be a great man . fade out 8 fade in the morgue - - very dark . several sheeted table with suppose corpse under - neath sheet . one , in foreground , be that of a frail , beautiful girl . meirschultz have a case and Max be look down in guise of coroner - - very dignify -- look entirely different than earlier scene . have extreme at - mosphere of confidence about he . 9 CUT to cat pounce on rat and eat it . 10 two shot -- meirschultz hand he case to maxwell -- whisper meirschultz this be the one --here . maxwell , papers in hand , read -- maxwell file no. 26941 -- Maria altura--24--suicide --carbon monoxide gas -- not claim . 11 he shudder involuntarily as he watch -- look about he . 12 meirschultz open case -- take out hypos -- look at they -- get air bubble out -- give one from each into neck of girl . meirschultz perfect -- we will have to work fast . he then start a series of manipulation -- massage abdomen in region of heart -- raise arm -- work arm . 13 maxwell watch , then notice that girl be rather good - look -- start work with arm . 14 meirschultz put stethoscope to heart -- work more rapidly . he be very tense -- and excited . use every effort to build up tenseness . finally , a faint sigh from the girl -- then 15 cu of slight drool from the mouth . this be all to let the audience know she be faintly alive . meirschultz I must get she out of here -- she must have oxygen . 16 Max be astound at the sign of life . he seem pretty awestruck . he then look at the girl . this look decide he to brazen it out . meirschultz continue . unlock the side door . then get the cart -- but watch [ out ] for the guard . get he out of the way and we will take she out . 17 two embalmers be work on a body and notice meir - schultz and maxwell work on Maria . 1st embalmer by gosh , they stiff be get - tin ' heavier and more of them every day . they even get the coroner work overtime . 2 nd embalmer yeah , between the gangster and the auto , we will not need another war to carry off the population . 1st embalmer you do not even mention the suicide . do you notice the beaut that come in today ? 2 nd embalmer do I ? 1st embalmer that 's the one that 's get the coroner do nightwork . 2 nd embalmer what --special autopsy ? 19 1st embalmer [ guess so . ] must be . I wonder who that old Santa Claus be ? 20 meirschultz laboratory . Max and meirschultz come through door of room off lab where they have leave Maria . meirschultz look think - ful but agitate . meirschultz with twenty - four hour com - plete rest , she will recover . maxwell , thoughtful , seem a bit awestruck . maxwell think of it -- life back in a body that seek oblivion . it 's uncanny -- the possibility terrify I . meirschultz be excited by maxwell 's speech . meirschultz not a word of this out . this be only a step . case like this have a element of doubt . I want a victim with a shattered heart . yes , a heart -- that can be replace by this beat thing I have force life back into . now for my supreme accomplishment . maxwell you will get I such a victim . 21 CUT to cu heart beat in bottle . 22 two shot maxwell not from the morgue . they will get suspicious . meirschultz grow more excited . meirschultz I do not care where you get it ! from the morgue , the street -- the undertaker ! but get one ! ( whisper ) the end will just - ify the mean . 23 maxwell at door . he be alarmed at the doctor 's eye and excitement and decide to be on he way . 24 cu Max at door . thinks out loud . maxwell the undertaker around the corner . that gangster shot today . just the thing . 25 ls exterior Robinson 's mortuary on Washington Street . just a large , brown house , with sign . shoot down to basement window . 26 a basement window -- maxwell open it and climb in very stealthily . 27 Interior basement mortuary . complete darkness , except beam from small window shine on hazy outline of table with stiff on it . 28 cu Max tiptoing to table , he figure rather crouch and look very fearful . 29 cu maxwell 's head -- glance around as if he fear a presence . 30 CUT to cat fight outside -- one cat run and other follow . 31 they jump through basement window . 32 they scoot across floor under maxwell 's leg -- frightening he so he knock over body with frightful clatter and he dash out of the basement . 33 Street from mortuary to meirschultz -- maxwell be run as if pursue . 34 meirschultz ' lab -- maxwell enter excitedly . his expre - sion be one of fear and terror . impatiently . meirschultz where be it ? very breathless and excited . maxwell ( gasp ) I - - could not get -- it -- 35 cu face of meirschultz - - he be very angry and glare at maxwell contemptuously . meirschultz coward -- 36 then meirschultz cool off and pace up and down with maxwell watch as if not know what might happen . suddenly , meirschultz stop in front of maxwell . you fool ! you have fail I in the great moment of my life ! then meirschultz go on walk . maxwell still watch , fascinate ( build up ) . 37 cu meirschultz ' hand take gun from drawer as we hear he voice . I have it ! you have see my power . you have work with I ! you have faith in I ! 38 two shot --meirschultz hand gun to maxwell . take this -- take you life . I will give it back to you . you know I can ! meirschultz be exultant . my beat heart shall live in you body -- think of it -- 39 gleam appear in he eye --cu . live ! 40 maxwell think the doctor be mad -- take gun auto - matically . 41 turn around and look at 42 it , then whisk around face the doctor , gun point . 43 cu hand -- finger pull trigger . ( shot ) 44 two shot -- meirschultz fall to floor . maxwell drop gun , go over to doctor , look he over , realize the doctor be dead . 45 cu maxwell -- whisper on knee , beside body . maxwell murder ! ugh . slowly the realization dawns on he ; he remorse be turn to fear and terror . murderer -- and of my be - factor -- horrible - - how could i? questioning . [ what will I do ? I must bring he back . but can I ? ] you should live -- you have so much to give the world . but have he ? why should the unconscious peace of the dead be disturb ? decisive . be not the spark that move the maggot the self - same spark that move the man ? preserve that spark in the individual be not important . what we do with the spark while we have it be important . conclusive . [ in meirschultz , the spark be go . in maxwell , it life . still , meirschultz be great . maxwell be nobody . meirschultz could bring life back . why could not I ? Buckley see that body -- if he tell the police - - no they would not believe he . well , ] they might -- they would search this place -- they -- must not -- find he dead . I must bring he back . I will find that formula and use the beat - ing heart . 46 maxwell go through letter and papers before make dash for liberty . among they , he find : 47 insert : " by the use of xdsq formula in injection into spine , violent superadrenal criminal can be make completely docile ... 48 maxwell . maxwell the formula for restore life must be here . [ nothing to bring he back . but -- this may come in handy . I would better hide he . ] 49 doorbell ring and maxwell decide to answer it to avert suspicion . he shove the body into Maria 's room . 50 the above formula paper drop on floor . 51 Doctor 's wait room . Max - well open door . a woman be stand there rather excited . mrs . buckley Dr. meirschultz , please . maxwell he be not here . she think the doctor be just busy work and will see she if it be important enough . mrs.buckley that 's terrible . it 's so very urgent . will you tell he that Mr. Buckley be have posi - tively alarming hallucination . why , he think he 's the orang - utang murderer in poe 's " mur - der of the rue morgue . " tell the doctor I must have some definite help . I will go get he and bring he back . she rush off . maxwell no -- no -- do not do that -- Mrs. Buckley be out of sight . 52 maxwell turn -- go back to lab , think , lock door before go back . maxwell meirschultz would be miss . inspire . maxwell never would . maxwell glance around and see makeup case . 53 CUT to cu makeup case . 54 CUT to maxwell with case and then 55 CUT to fade of he change into meirschultz . beard , heavy eyebrow , gray hair , etc . 56 when complete , he take one long look in mirror and swell with pride . maxwell not only do I look like meir - schultz -- I am meirschultz . I will be a great man . 56a CUT to cu dead meirschultz , eye stare . maxwell 's hand enter scene and pull down the lid . fade out 57 insert : door -- " missing person detail Captain h.w. Jones " 58 CUT to Jones ' office . ( phone ring ) he be sit at desk , talk on phone . two officer lolling about . jone ( on phone ) yes , speak . put hand over mouthpiece and motion to one officer . ( to officer ) take this down . 58 interior --jone ' office . coroner , Jones and 1st embalmer -- Mike . Jones be puzzle . jone you say the corpse of a young woman be steal . also puzzle . coroner yes . it sure have I puzzle . Mike think I take it out . Mike quickly try to justify himself . mike sure and I would have swore it be the coroner himself -- jone there must have be a strong resemblance --? mike the dead image ! and talk like he too . jone oh , then you be speak with the coroner --? quickly explanatory -- mike no -- he be a-talkin ' to a old fella look like Santa Claus - - like I say to Jake -- Mike laugh here like he do in the morgue , then , see Jones ' stern face break off suddenly -- anyway , he have a beard . and busy hair and and eye kinda wild . half to himself -- it musta be two other fella . Jones think of meirschultz but do not commit himself . jone could you identify the man if you see he again ? mike I would not swear to anything now -- since I be so sure it be the coroner . Jones have be think and turn to the coroner . jone Mike 's description sound like you friend meirschultz . have you see the doctor lately ? belittles this suspicion as of no consequence . coroner whuh , Dr. meirschultz be a great research scientist . why , he have formulate some ama - zing method for preserve gland extract in they most potent state . he 's no body snatcher . jone well , doctor and scientist often have something queer in they mind . anyway , I will look into it . Jones rise . coroner go easy , Jones . I would not like to offend the doctor -- ushering they out . jone do not worry . I will not embar - rass you . Jones walk back to he desk a bit puzzle . pick up letter -- pick up inter - office phone and press buzzer . jone Collins , see if you have any - thing on Don maxwell , last hear from in this city . impersonation in vaudeville . Officer nod assent . ( into phone ) body of Maria altura , suicide be steal from the morgue . thief impersonate the coro - ner . Party with he look like Dr. meirschultz . yes , I will look into it before anything be do formally . hang up receiver . ( to officer ) Boy , that 's a hot one -- and a new one -- it use to be get rid of the body , but now they be steal they . 59 CUT to lab -- maxwell . ( doorbell ring ) doorbell ring again . Max peek to see who it be before open . he turn the light low . 60 CUT to ext. Doctor 's house -- Mrs. Buckley ringing bell . Mr. Buckley be with she . maxwell open door . 61 CUT to interior office -- same door -- over maxwell 's shoulder . mrs.buckley here he be , doctor . Max take it . he invite they in . 62 Office . maxwell come in --( to Buckley ) you be look well , Mr. Buckley . what seem to be troubling you ? Buckley be very sullen . buckley nothing be troubling I . I seem to be troubling everyone else . maxwell try to be affable . maxwell I would not feel that way . let 's talk it over . turn to Mrs. Buckley . ( to Mrs. Buckley ) how often do he have this spell ? mrs.buckley they be become more fre - quent . the last one have be less than a week apart . maxwell that be bad -- let I see . do we x-ray he head for pituit - ary pressure ? mrs . buckley oh yes . do not you remember ? you suggest operate after you complete you new experiment . but , really , doc - tor , I be afraid to wait much longer . maxwell be worried about this situation , not want to take responsibility . maxwell well , you know , we hate to operate on this case . it 's so delicate a operation and I have be awfully busy . ( to Buckley ) you be willing , of course , to sign the necessary papers that you undergo this operation at you own responsibility . mrs . buckley of course , James want to be cure . Buckley be angry . buckley who say I do ? always scheme to try to get I to sign papers . you be try to get rid of I -- that 's what -- soothingly but relieved . maxwell now , never mind , mr.buckley . nothing will be do that you be not entirely in accord with . mrs.buckley he always seem to feel some - one be try to take advan - tage of he . to Buckley he give a look of appeal as he say maxwell I will give he a shot to relieve the nerve tension . it may help he . we will try that first . maxwell be anxious to get rid of they . 63 meirschultz ' lab . maxwell put water into hypo . glance in direction of door with body . 64 cu door 65 Max lay hypo down on table . maxwell ( to himself ) Water -- that will do he no harm and I will be rid of they . 66 cu table , show hypo lay next to the one use on Maria . Buckley 's hypo roll off on floor . maxwell 's finger take other hypo . 67 maxwell with hypo . maxwell ( call ) come in here , please . buckley enter . 68 Max bare Buckley 's arm and give he a shot . maxwell there now , you will feel better -- his expression grow a little wild . buckley ugh . 69 Mrs. Buckley try to soothe Buckley . mrs.buckley do not excite yourself , James . be calm . 70 instead of grow quieter , Buckley become enraged . buckley slip . creep . it 's ter - rible . I can not stand it -- 71 slowly he assume the attitude of ape man . mrs. buckley Doctor , he seem worse instead of better . what be in that hypo ? 72 Buckley start to rave , and during this speech become ape man . buckley pour into my blood -- dart of fire stabbing my brain -- agonizing -- I can not stand this -- torment - - torture -- I can not stand it -- I will not stand it . he run amuck and begin fight with Mrs. Buckley and maxwell . 73 CUT to Maria come through door , step over meirschultz ' foot visible through open door , leave door open and wander into laboratory in a daze . 74 Buckley knock Max over by table and maxwell see hypo on floor . 75 cu Max see hypo . maxwell what be in that hypo ? 76 Buckley throw Mrs. Buckley across room by open door where body be . he spy Maria , grab she and leave the room . 77 Mrs. Buckley bend over meirschultz body . she look up , horrify . very excited . mrs.buckley what 's this ? he 's dead ! [ call the police ! ] Doctor , what have you do ? this look like murder . 78 Max be agitate . he feel he will be undone completely . maxwell no , no -- not murder - - my assistant - - he shot himself . mrs.buckley shot himself ? when ? why I just see he a hour ago . why do not you call the police ? maxwell think fast and talk jerkily . maxwell no , not the police . I want to bring he back to life . I want to experiment on he . in fact , I must . I can restore he . 79 Mrs. Buckley look accusingly , then pick up paper Max have drop . mrs.buckley you murder you assistant , just to experiment on he . 80 read paper . Dr. meirschultz , I have often hear of you uncanny exper - iment , but this top they all . but , I think we speak the same language - - be I right ? maxwell well , I do not know just what you mean -- the same language . mrs.buckley we have a common interest . when you bring you assistant back to life , he mind will do as you direct . you can do that to Buckley too -- to herself say : and he will do as I direct . 81 she pick up telephone . maxwell what be you go to do ? mrs . buckley I be go to call the police . maxwell no , you can not do that -- they will get suspicious -- mrs . buckley hm -- with Buckley loose , they will get suspicious if we do not call they . 82 Mrs. Buckley telephone . mrs. buckley Police Department ? this be Dr. meirschultz ' office . a epileptic patient just escape while here for treatment . maxwell listen to she explana - tion with wonder . he imagine himself a monkey . he may frighten people ... please notify I immediately ... oh , no , he be not dangerous . 83 hang up phone . maxwell why do you tell they that ? you know he be dangerous ! Mrs. Buckley be still angry . mrs.buckley the police will notify you as soon as they capture he ... now , it 's up to you to get he away from the police without arouse suspicion . maxwell become alarmed . they be close in on he . the police be involved . Mrs. Buckley leave , say mrs. buckley as soon as they call , let I know . 84 after she be go , maxwell inspect the body -- look at heart . 85 cu heart in bottle . 86 maxwell Buckley see that body . the police -- if they come -- I must bring he back . I must find that formula . 87 go to papers and dig out notation at last on restor - ing life . he read intently . insert : formula 88 outer office -- wait room . goof at door to see doctor . sound of bell . goof howdy do , Doctor . a couple of my cat get away -- do ya see them ? maxwell why , of course not . what would I want with you cat . goof I know ya do not want them . still , I think ya mighta use them for some experiment . maxwell me-cat -never - oh - ah - unconsciously he look quest - ione -- then recover that be , I think too much of Satan to use cat for experi - ment . goof that 's what I think . no harm mean , doctor - - goof leave . 89 CUT to Satan sneaking along and drag out heart and start to eat it . 89a maxwell return and discover Satan devour the heart . maxwell what be I go to do . the police will be here any minute . I must dispose of the body . I will hide it -- I will burn it -- no , I can not do that -- ah , the basement . 90 basement . maxwell be look for a spot to hide the body . 91 cu niche in brick wall . 92 he tear a few brick out . 93 turn to go back upstairs and see Satan watch he -- the gleam appear in Satan 's eye . maxwell Satan -- the gleam - - you vic - ious wretch ! stand between I and salvation , will you -- 94 maxwell lunge at cat , think - ing the cat have meirschultz ' eye and gouge one eye out . ( yowl of cat ) 94a cu eye in he hand . maxwell why , it 's not unlike a oyster -- or a grape - - ( smile - - laugh ) perplex . but the gleam be go . 95 Satan jump through window . 96 laboratory -- maxwell drag body out . 97 basement -- maxwell drag body and put it behind partially tear down wall . 98 Building under construction . Max be steal cement . 99 basement -- Wall nearly com - plete . he run out of cement on he trowel and cross room . 99a CUT to limb of tree rub against roof . 100 Satan jump in with meir - schultz body . 101 maxwell return and close wall . fade out 102 Jones ' office . Jones at desk . Buckley be bring in by a officer . officer picked he up steal food . seem to be a little off . hate to lock he up till you have a look at he . Buckley act very sullen through all this scene . jone ( to Buckley ) what 's the matter ? be you ill ? buckley no - jone who be you ? what be you name ? buckley I do not know , [ I tell you ] . phone ring . 102a Jones pick up phone . show various facial expre - sion during this conversation to put this over . jone yes ... hmm ... you say she have not be dead a hour ? send up the officer that bring she in . hang up phone . 102 b jone what make you steal ? be you hungry ? buckley no -- I do not want to give any money . everybody want money -- I be not go to give any money . jone who want you money -- maybe I can help you . buckley maybe you want my money , too . very friendly . jone no , I do not want money . I only want to find out who you be and where you live . my business be find peo - ple . not take they money . buckley you - -a friend to I ? jone why , yes , to you , mr.-- Mr. -- what ? buckley I do not know -- I can not tell -- Jones indicate pencil and paper on desk . jone try he write . amnesia victim will often write what they can not say . 103 excite . officer Mr. Jones , I have news about that corpse . Jones motion for he to be quiet . jone ( to officer ) just a moment -- 104 to Buckley . how would you like to write some spelling for I ? maybe I can help you . sit down and write what I tell you -- will you ? Buckley respond to Jones ' very human treatment . 105 buckley [ oh - - all right . ] ( mumble - - ) jone write " boy , " " school , " " house , " " home , " " father , " " he name , " " bear , " " my name be -- " Buckley write all this word but when it come to he name he write " James -- Chicago , " then stop short . Officer enter room . buckley no , no ! I will not sign any pa - per . you can not make I -- jone hm -- pressure -- to Buckley . that 's all right . we will talk later . to officer . let he rest . to 2nd officer . so , you find the body steal from the morgue ? 2 nd officer imagine -- she be alive . what a horror . could have be bury alive . she must have run away from the morgue . jone never mind you theory . be she ever conscious ? 2 nd officer just before she die she come to -- jone do she talk ? 2 nd officer Said " doctor " - - [ something ] jone [ be it ] " meirschultz " ? [ 2nd officer how do you know ? ] 106 Buckley jump at the name . seem to be go into another spell . he look terrible . 107 buckley Dr. meirschultz -- he 's the one - Jones be alarmed . Buckley start turn to ape man . jone tell I , just what you know of Dr. meirschultz . buckley paper -- they all want I to sign papers . jone Dr. meirschultz , too ? 108 Buckley be very excited and start to have spell . buckley yes -- I can not stand it -- everybody want papers -- oh , oh ( start to growl ) jone take he to the psychopathic hospital . officer take Buckley out , leave Jones alone . jone ( to himself ) it look as though I would better look in at Dr. meirschultz . 109 exterior neighborhood of lab . Collins walk down street and encounter woman sweeping off front step . Collins stop . collin do you know a Dr. meir - schultz and he assistant , Don maxwell ? 110 woman stop sweeping and lean on broom . woman sure -- they be sorta queer , I would say . they 's lot of queer going on up there . they even bring a dog back to life once . collin that sound to I very remarkable . woman it may be , but to my notion , that that monkey with what they get no business to get queer sooner or later . collin maybe you be right . woman I know I be . why , I even hear a shot up there last night . collin why do not you notify the police ? start to sweep vigorously . woman that 's they business -- not mine . 111 exterior . Jones leave and go to cat farm . goof have bunch of cat around and nod to Jones . jone I understand from you neighbor that all [ they ] cat be make noise at night . Dr. meirschultz have put in a complaint . goof he 's be steal my cat to experiment on [ they ] . I know cause I have be [ watch ] spying on he . jone [ lot of ] how many cat you have -- what 's the matter -- rat ? goof yeah -- thousand , and right in my back yard . Jones take this . jone thousands ? goof sure , get thousand cat , too . look at them -- point to cage of cat . Jones point to Dr. 's house . jone what ' 's the idea [ of want so many ] do you sell they [ to the doctor ] ? goof oh , no . it 's my own idea . I be in the business . in the fur business . jone oh , I see . cat ' fur . goof that 's it . you get it quick . jone but where do the rat come in ? goof you be not as quick as I think . I figgered out that rat breed faster than cat -- cat skin make good fur -- the cat eat rat . rat eat raw meat . that be , they eat the carcass of the cat . so -- the cat eat the rat -- the rat eat the cat . and I get the skin -- simple be not it ? Jones be astonished at the goof 's simple logic . ( mouth this ) jone cat eat rat -- ( nod ) ( aloud ) but , rat eat cat -- that 's news . [ but , tell I , do not the doc - tor object to all this ? goof oh , he . he have a cat of he own . but he assistant -- he 's the cat-hatenest man I ever see . goofy , if ya ast I . ] jone by the way -- do you hear a shot last night ? scratch he head . goof maybe . I do not know . 112 Jones walk away , shaking he head . [ jone if I want any information I would better go to the doctor he - self . ] 113 wait room ( office ) . Jones with maxwell . jone I be detective Jones . just drop in to tell you a bit of news . maxwell you find Buckley ? 114 Jones be watch Max closely as he tell the follow . jone not exactly . he have be see , though . and not far from here . there be also a report that he have be see carry a woman . that 's fantastic , though , as no one have report a woman miss . 115 maxwell swallow . maxwell that be a mystery . 116 two shot --observe . jone by the way , where be you assistant ? maxwell oh , maxwell ? he 's leave . 117 CUT to interior -- hotel bedroom . four show girl ; Alice maxwell ; Marvel , acrobat ; maizie , in bath ; jo ; -- business with vibrator . marvel hey , maizie , we know you be hard boil . you do not have to stay in the water thirty minute to prove it . maizie aw -- let I alone . I may not be decent , but I be sure gonna be clean . Alice in vibrator . alice say , if anyone be entitle to first place in that bathroom , it should be I . do not I sign the register and welcome you as secret guest ? why , if it be not for nervy little Alice -- 118 maizie come in with towel and grab kimono . you would all be sink you weary bone into the soft recess of a park bench . with light , fleecy coverlet 119 maizie take glass tomato juice from jo and pick up newspaper . make by the great american press . jo Press -- that remind I . I have press business . maizie here 's one for the book . a sandwich man pound pave - ment . walk into a wallet with forty - two grand in it . jo I would like to find that man -- marvel maybe we could sandwich he in -- huh ? 120 Marvel leave for bath . maizie can you imagine -- the darn fool turn it in . marvel his head must have be a jelly bean -- instead of the way they think it be . 121 Alice stop vibrator . alice well , it sure be soft , all right . but would it be soft to land on to forty - two grand . 122 two shot --maizie and Marvel . maizie yeah -- but listen . after he turn it in , people make such a fuss over he that he go " nutty . " think he be the almighty in person . marvel so , that 's what be honest get ya . a nice soft padded cell in the bughouse . 123 Alice start vibrator . alice La cucuracha - - la cocka - roacha ... 124 Marvel give Alice a push . marvel [ pushin ' all joke aside . ] it be pretty tough . imagine the poor guy . I will bet nobody no - tice he all he life . and then -- say , be not there some guy in history that spend he life look for a honest man ? jo sure -- but in he day , man be man . today , they be too scared to be anything but honest . alice but a brave man can sure get away with plenty . 125 full shot go on look over paper . maizie say , you musta be readin ' the papers . or maybe you be drink " crazy water " and you head 's wrigley . be yourself , Alice , play the heavy heavy do not suit you . alice it 's get I down -- always break - - never a break . jo why do not you ditch that ham and pick yourself a rich husband ? alice Rich husband -- I have hear they do come that way -- but not often . marvel often enough -- but not we way . alice the girl have brain . we do not need to put a zipper on she skull to prove it either . jo smile , but maizie be intent on a item in variety . her eye widen . 126 she wave the paper and shout . maizie Alice ! listen to this -- Don maxwell , personality imper - sonator , get lucky break . jo why , that 's you husband , be not it ? 127 Alice be very excited -- run over to look on . alice pipe down -- let she read it , will you ? maizie " by queer quirk of fate , actor fall heir to Australian estate . this paper be try to find he . he use to be around in vaudeville day , but we have not hear much of he lately . well , more power to you , Don . we think some day you would impersonate the right guy . " marvel the lucky ham -- from now on he will have the company of a good egg . jo will wonder ever cease ? we little Alice in wonderland -- alice I be in wonderland , all right -- wonder if that ham 's around . say -- I wonder if he 's still with that goofy professor . ( knock on door ) maizie scram for cover -- who be it ? man' voice it 's I - maizie open the door . maizie aw , nothing but old music in the ear . the chorus girl 's bunion producer . Young man enter . marvel well , what 's news from the front ? young man Front , my eye -- it 's the fire line . show 's close . maizie in the woid of walter win - chell - - " there be three kind of actor -- that on the screen , that on the radio and that on they ear " -- well back to the fan dance for maizie . jo well , it may be the bread line for we -- but Alice do not have to worry . she 's strike it rich -- but I be nothin but a nothin . to Alice . young man about time -- after all that digging . alice you bet , and I be off to a fly - ing star . ( mae West gag ) now you can all come up and see I some time -- 127a cu jo with bathsalt . jo say , when do I take this bath salt -- before or after my bath ? 128 jone ' office -- Jones question Mrs. Buckley . very easy manner . jone you husband seem to be harass about something . be you aware of it ? much the dutiful wife -- put on for Jones . mrs.buckley oh , indeed . I be very anx - ious to have he cure . Dr. meirschultz have be hand - ling the case . slow question . jone so I understand . have the doctor treat he for -- a little exasper - ated at Jones ' slowness . very sweet . mrs . buckley pressure on he brain . it can be easily remove and all James ' worry will be over . oh , I will be so happy . jone do you realize you husband be in a dangerous condition ? have Dr. meirschultz try any new theory on he ? very explanatory -- she sweetest manner . mrs. buckley oh no . not on my husband . he have a theory about gland as stimulant . why , he have bring dead animal back to life . he have perform some amazing experiment . fully for they effect . jone Mrs. Buckley , do you realize that you be shield a murderer --? she be scared stiff . want to shield meirschultz but want to save herself from any complicity . mrs . buckley why --er -- what do you mean by that -- why , Dr. meirschultz -- take it when she say " Dr. meirschultz . " he watch carefully as he say the follow jone no , not meirschultz . you husband have a die woman in he arm when find . mrs . buckley oh , surely , the doctor can explain that . my husband be innocent . you ask the doctor . jone tell I exactly what hap - pene when you husband leave Dr. meirschultz . she tell this fable carefully careless . mrs . buckley he do not want to sign the necessary papers to enter a hospital proper . the first thing I know he have the most terrible spell he have ever have . and before the doctor could help he -- there be so much confusion I faint . when I come to he be go . very careful question . jone then he do not take the young lady with he ? try to save Buckley to get he out . mrs . buckley he may have . I think I do see she then . you have bet - ter ask the doctor . he can tell you exactly what she die of -- you will find she be not murder -- usher Mrs. Buckley out . jone I be sure we can straighten this out . you have be very helpful . thank you . 129 maxwell I do not have anything to do with it . they could not understand why he have not be confine long ago . you know he be dangerous . so do they . mrs . buckley you can not double - cross I like that . you be to help I . you be to operate on he . you be go to put he under my power . maxwell not so fast , Mrs. Buckley . that be you idea ! mrs. buckley say , what 's make you so cocky ? usher she to door . maxwell I have a plan -- I would like you to help I carry out . be here at eight tonight . 130 exterior meirschultz . Alice come up walk -- look Mrs. Buckley over and swing up to door . Jones be still conceal . maxwell do you wish to see someone ? alice I understand my husband be -- you assistant . May I see he please ? stall . maxwell ah -- he be not here now . very dismay . alice you mean he do not work for you ? maxwell no , not exactly . why the great anxiety ? it must be something important . alice it be -- you know what a struggle he 's have . maxwell indeed , he have often tell I . 131 enlarge to make the doctor feel she importance . her eye grow large and Max look intently at she . alice he 's inherite a fortune . maxwell you say a fortune . he never speak to I of any rich relative . alice he hardly know of they he - self . I believe it be he uncle in Australia . maxwell I be certainly glad to hear it . I know he will be pleased . alice do not tell he . I want to be the first to bring he the news . maxwell that 's only natural . maxwell will be here around eight tonight . alice okay -- I will be here at eight . she go out door . 132 Jones wander casually in to office . Max start -- nervous . jone how do you do . maxwell well , news of Buckley ? jone yeah , he be pick up -- also the body from the morgue . say , what do you have to do with steal that body ? maxwell why , Buckley steal that body . that 's what alarmed Mrs. Buckley so . I have be try - ing to get she to put Buckley in a institution but she want to keep he . jone so -- that 's it . Buckley take the body . maxwell beam , think he be safe with that story . maxwell yes indeed . he have be a difficult case . now that you have he in custody -- you have he have not you ? jone oh , yes , he 's in good hand now . maxwell Fine . Mrs. Buckley will be all right when she get use to the idea . jone do you have many patient , doctor ? maxwell oh no . mostly research in endocrinology . jone mind if I look around ? seem to I you have car - rie on some interesting experiment . sure of himself but take no chance . maxwell sure , I will take you through . 133 omit 134 they walk through . 135 Advance to basement step -- door . jone what 's down there ? maxwell oh , just the basement . some day I intend to build a experimental laboratory down there . it will save I from intrusion . jone I would like to have a look . 136 they go down -- look around but Jones see nothing . jone where do you say you assistant go ? Max be nervous . do not know what to answer . maxwell he ? oh , he 's away for a while . he will be back , though . 137 office . jone thanks . I will be see you . 138 to himself . [ maxwell not if I can help it . ] 139 Max be alone . maxwell the gleam -- it be in meir - schultz ' eye when he want to murder I . it be in Mrs. Buckley 's eye when she want to murder she hus - band . Alice have that gleam in she eye when she want to find I . she would murder I . that 's what she want to do . I must get rid of she -- but how -- Mrs. Buckley -- she will help . she must help -- he pick up phone . Mrs. Buckley , we be be investigate . the police be suspicious of you ... you be withhold information . ... I think I have a way out . come over right away . 140 meirschultz lab . Mrs. Buckley have arrive . she be very excited . mrs. buckley we must get he out or we be lose . maxwell watch she eye while she talk . maxwell you be right . but before I can get he back here , you will have to help I . mrs . buckley how ? what can I do ? 141 maxwell fix hypo , fill it from formula . look at formula , then at bottle . maxwell [ something very important . I have be threaten ; ] Mrs. maxwell , my assistant 's wife , be crazy . she think I mur - dere she husband . [ she want to murder I . ] I want you to help I quiet she -- give she a shot from this hypo . [ keep it hide till we get she ] down in the basement -- there be a secret vault [ there ] . we will put she there till we get you husband - - [ then turn she over to the authority . then we will both be free . ] mrs . buckley it sound all right , except for the fact that she 's crazy . it seem to I she have the right idea --( laugh ) . maxwell oh , so you feel that way too ( he laugh ) . motion to other room . stay in there -- I will call you when need . Mrs. Buckley go in to other room . ( door open ) 142 Alice enter . maxwell come in and greet she . motion to chair . he let down on he voice . maxwell [ hello Alice . ] I be glad to see you . 143 Alice recognize voice . alice gosh , you have I fool . maxwell sh--sh -- I want to have a few word with you quietly . 144 they go into laboratory . alice so -- friendly or otherwise --? maxwell [ perfectly friendly , my dear . ] at last , I have really a secure live for we . we can travel or anything we choose . alice then you know of the inheritance ? maxwell sure -- I have one little job to accomplish , then we can leave together . no doubt you be surprised at this disguise . alice no , I would not be surprised at anything from you . winningly . maxwell now , honey -- you be here in time to help I and you can -- alice I know there be a catch in this some place -- but spill it . quiet and dramatic . maxwell in the other room , I have a crazy woman that I have be treat . alice ha ha , you have be treat . maxwell quiet , will you ? this be ser - ious . we life be in danger . alice what do you mean " we " ? he demand she attention . maxwell that 's what I say . now , lis - ten to I . I want you to help I take this woman down stair . I will give she a shot . you can take care of she till I get help . alice how about I get the help . she 's quiet now , be not she ? 145 he be fix a shot for Alice to give to Mrs. Buckley . maxwell yes , but she will break out any minute . she be not afraid of a woman . just push this into she arm . but keep it hide , and all will be well . 146 go over to door and call all right , Mrs. Buckley . we will go down stair . I have a special treatment room there . 147 maxwell stand back . usher both woman out in front of he . he start they down stair . he back out and shut they in the basement where the seal up body of meirschultz be . ( door close ) maxwell ( laugh maniacally ) stands with back to door -- hand outstretch in back . 148 basement -- both woman be scared stiff . 149 both eye each other fearfully . both think the other insane . 150 both conceal hypos . they watch for a chance . 151 finally , tough Mrs. Buckley make lunge at Alice with hypo . 152 Alice scream . ( scream ) 153 Mrs. Buckley take it as sign of insanity and ... 154 put hand over Alice 's mouth . 155 Alice try to free herself . the fight be on . 156 meirschultz ' office . Jones come in with officer . maxwell you here again ? jone yes . Mr. Buckley think you treat he a little rough . he 's in the hospital . how about it ? maxwell oh , nothing . he be crazy , that 's all . I have a little trouble with he . ( muffle scream of woman ) jone what 's that ? maxwell ( laugh ) oh , nothing . a cou - ple of my patient have a little argument . ( more scream ) 157 Officer grab maxwell . jone take I down there . maxwell it will not do any good . they be a pair of would - be mur - deress fight it out . jone man , you be crazy . what kind of a place be this ? maxwell oh , I be crazy , be I ? let I tell you something . that woman have -- the gleam -- jone come on , we be waste time . 158 Jones drag maxwell down stair as the scream subside and all be quiet for a moment . the officer accompany they . 159 the officer separate the woman and hold they . 160 CUT to wall con - cealing cat and meirschultz . ( sound of cat meouw . ) 161 CUT to Jones look at wall . jone say , what 's behind that wall ? 162 CUT to maxwell . maxwell take that cat away . that 's Satan -- the murderous Satan . the wretch that eat meirschultz ' heart . he still have the gleam -- even in that loathesome one eye . it watch I -- that gleam -- that gleam -- 163 all look at maxwell , horrify . 164 CUT to Jones . jone quiet , doctor . what do you mean by the " gleam " ? 165 maxwell the gleam -- it haunt I . meirschultz have it . he know too much . he bring life back to the dead . he have to die . Satan have it . Mrs. Buckley have it . she want to kill she husband . he point to Alice . Alice want to kill I . thrashes arm wildly . they all know too much -- want to know too much . 166 all but Jones be terror - stricken . he hold Max firmly . alice listen to that ! I want to kill he , do I ? well , I should have do it -- the lousy ham . ( both woman yell ) ( cat meouw again ) 167 during this time , Jones have be edging nearer the wall -- motion to the officer to handcuff maxwell . Jones then tear down wall and out jump Satan and the doctor 's body be reveal ( or roll out on the floor ) . mrs . buckley it 's the doctor ! ( turn to maxwell ) then , who be this ? 168 Jones indicate Max . jone Mrs. maxwell , be not this you husband ? alice I be sorry to say -- it be -- ( or " yeah - - what 's leave of he " ) 170 CUT to maxwell rave and gibber . Officer help Jones . jone come on , maxwell -- 171 cu maxwell with face and gleam darting through he head , especially meirschultz ' face . maxwell the gleam -- the gleam -- they drive I to it ! I tell you , they drive I to it ! I do not want to use my art for mur - der or crime . they drive I -- with hun - ger , with misery and humili - ation . I only want to amuse -- to entertain -- but here I be -- spend my life perfect a art that no one want -- no one appreciate -- I be good -- I be able -- anyway , I show they -- Dr. meirschultz , a real imperso - nation ( laugh maniacally ) . meirschultz -- my supreme impersonation . finis screenplay by hildegarde stadie esper