margot at the wedding written by noah baumbach 1 int . train car - day 1 a cashier hand a boy , 13 , he change across a counter . the boy stuff the coin in he pocket . he lift the cardboard tray with two hot dog , a bag of chip , and two coke . this be Claude . we follow he : he carefully carry the meal down the aisle , balance it in one hand as he open the door . the train noise blare as he traverse the area between car . he enter the new car repeat the balance act . he wait while a man shove he back - pack onto the metal rack above the seat . Claude hurry a bit more now , he concentration alternate between the food and the path . he sit next to a brunette woman . he hand she a hot dog . claude here . he 's meet by a severe and pinch face . the eye have black circle -- there be a scar above she lip . Claude instantly blushes and mumble : claude sorry . he get up and hurry a few seat further . he slide next to a pretty brunette woman , late 30' , with straight shoulder length hair . her name be margot . margot that be quick . claude I sit next to the wrong person . margot really ? where ? she stretch up and peer over the seat . he grab she shirt . claude please do not look . she will see you . margot careful with my blouse . 2 . 2 CUT to : 2 margot be sleep , she head against the window . Claude listen to he ipod . he take out the earphone , get up , and walk to the front of the car . open the door and go between car . the train roar and screech . Claude scream . he stop , look around . he scream again . 3 CUT to : 3 Claude and he mother gaze out the dirt streak window at a river . a old castle - like structure emerge from the water . house be run-down . in the distance there 's a power plant . Electrical line crisscross the sky . Claude put he finger against the glass and trace the wire . claude will the wedding be crowded ? margot I do not know . I think she do not know anyone anymore . claude how long have she know malcolm ? margot only a year . claude be that short ? margot ( pointedly ) would you marry someone you would only know a year ? claude I be not go to ever get marry . margot I can not say I have a lot of hope for the whole thing . claude why be we go then ? margot we be support she . 3. claude I think she be not speak to you . margot no...no ... I be not speak to she , but I be over it . 4 ext . ferry dock - day 4 a ferry be dock . Cars pull up onto the boat . margot run , clutching a suitcase , hold down a floppy wine color sun hat . Claude hurry alongside she , a bag sling over he shoulder . 5 ext . ferry - day 5 the rumbling and sputtering of the boat . people get out of they car and stretch they leg . Claude lean against the rail and let the spray hit he face . margot 's cell vibrate . the caller id : home . she stuff the phone in she pocket . margot why be not you wear you new shade ? claude I do not think I need they right now . margot you begge for that glass . claude I know , but ... I will wear they , I just feel like people might think it 's weird that a kid be wear dark shade . margot that 's ridiculous . Claude reluctantly take out a pair of thin wrap -around punk sunglass and put they on . he look around self - consciously . margot you look very cool . he take they off . 4. claude I do not need they right now . 6 CUT to : 6 margot and Claude wait . the ferry have emptied out . claude do they know we be here ? a maroon volvo station wagon peel around a bend and stop across the road . two eye peer out from just below the backseat window . a man , 40 , in dumpy cargo short roll down the window . he have a small moustache -- he 's harry and sweaty . this be malcolm . he point at margot and Claude . malcolm be you ...? 7 int . volvo - day 7 malcolm drive . he smoke with the window open . margot be in the passenger seat . in the back , Claude and the girl , ingrid , sit shyly , they hair blow turbulently in the wind . ingrid , 11 , wear short , sandal , and a batik shirt with a panda on it . malcolm Paul apologize for not come , she 's still get the house ready . margot I be sorry it be such short notice . malcolm I do not care . Paul 's frantic , but I do not give a shit . oh , and ingrid want I to tell you that she make we all bracelet . ingrid ( embarrassed ) no , I want ... I want to wait ... malcolm oh , I think you ask I to tell they . anyway ... malcolm hold up he wrist and show a knit blue and orange bracelet . 5 . malcolm I get knick color . ingrid they're not knick color ! margot it 's beautiful , ingrid . ingrid ( to Claude ) I make this one for myself . she show he the purple and green one around she wrist . ingrid your be yellow . be that okay ? claude I guess . ingrid where 's you dad and josh ? claude they might come later . margot josh 's spring break be next week . Jim teach through Friday and then they open the house in vermont on the weekend . malcolm ( bluntly ) it mean a lot to pauline that you be here . margot nod awkwardly -- she blushes . margot oh. good . a car suddenly pull out of a driveway , but nowhere near they car . malcolm swerve anyway . malcolm Holy Jesus ! watch it , dicksack ! ingrid giggle . margot clutches the handle above the door . 6 . malcolm if you be wonder about the moustache -- margot no , I be not . malcolm I have a full beard for a while and then when I shave it I leave this part for last , you know to see how it look , and ... it 's mean to be funny . margot nod politely . the sound of tire on gravel : 8 ext . house - day 8 the trunk slam shut . the volvo be park in a driveway alongside a grey Colonial house that sit above the water . they lift bag . a old mutt amble toward they . pauline emerge from the house . she 's pretty like she sister , late 30' . she walk briskly toward they . margot smile and open she arm , but pauline pass she and dip down to embrace Claude . she kiss he on the lip . pauline you be so handsome . now she hug margot . they both tear up . Claude beam . pauline I never think I would get you here . a loud thud . they all turn toward the property fence . a large pile of dead flower and rotting plant have be dumped into they yard . there 's whisper and movement through brush on the other side . margot look at pauline with concern . pauline you be arrive in the midst of a drama . ingrid , make sure wizard be inside . malcolm trudge over to the trash can . ingrid it 's the vogler . 7. pauline the neighbor want we to cut down we tree . she indicate a large oak that extend up and into the adjoin property . margot no , that 's we tree ! ingrid they think it 's sick and rotting they property . pauline we be have the ceremony under it . margot you take the swing down . malcolm pauline think this be they way of try to be friend . I think they resent we because we be ... he search for the word , but can not come up with anything . he say wearily : malcolm I do not know what we be . 9 int . claude' guest room / ingrid be room - day 9 Claude sit on the squeaky bed , a yellow bracelet on he wrist . a old flip-clock hum on the night - table . a door open onto a bathroom which have another door open onto another bedroom . ingrid sit on she bed observe Claude . she hold a realistic-looking stuff rooster in a old - style tuxedo . ingrid this be my room . claude okay . ingrid do you like shower or bath ? claude shower . what about you ? 8. ingrid shrug . she say , already bored with the topic : ingrid I do not care . 10 int . stairwell / margot' guest room - day 10 pauline and margot carry bag up the stair . margot now wear a knit red bracelet . they be tentative with one another . pauline be malcolm what you think he would be ? margot well , I do not know what to -- pauline the moustache be temporary . he leave it for last when he be shave . it 's mean to be funny . margot he tell I . pauline yeah ... they enter the guest room . the window be wide open , the curtain blow , but the room be very neatly make up . pauline I be sorry -- with so little time to prepare , we have to put you in malcolm 's storage room -- margot this be Becky 's room . poor Becky . pauline yeah , poor Becky . now it 's a storage room . I have just start to feel like it 's we house not my parent . you know ? margot we parent . pauline of course . it might still smell like paint , but ... 9 . margot I think he be a musician . pauline jimmy down the stiff window . margot begin to unpack and hang up clothes in the closet . pauline well , music 's officially a hobby ... he 's painting now . and write letter to newspaper and magazine . he 's very meticulous , he will spend up to a week write a response to a music review . he 's incredibly smart . maybe too smart . I do not know . we be do very well . margot good . I mean , you must be . silence . pauline I do not know where to begin . what can I tell you ? it seem I be pregnant , but it 's really early so ... I have not tell anyone . I mean , I have not tell malcolm or ingrid . margot wow ... pauline yeah , if it stick . we will see . I hope so . thing be good . we do a couple seminar two month ago or so in Maine . they give you exercise and thing to do . I know you be not convinced , but ... margot ( vaguely ) mm hm . pauline we get engage right afterwards . the guy who run it , strickland , write a really interesting book about loving which I will lend you if you want . 10 . margot ( non-committal ) okay . pauline but only if you will read it . because I need it back . I make note in the margin . margot I may not get to it for a while . pauline well , I be not go to lend it to you if you be not go to read it . they meet eye . pauline quickly turn away . pauline it 's go to be very informal by the way . just Mom and Becky . malcolm 's brother . few friend . and now you and Claude . nothing like the first one . margot ( wary ) Becky 's come ? pauline / margot she be not how you .../ I would really like ... pauline you go . margot I be go to say , " I would really like some white wine . " pauline oh. yeah . we have a ... well ... I be glad you change you mind and come . I never hear from you after I send the invite ... I even wonder if you get it . margot ( quickly ) well , I be so pleased we be here . pauline do you get it ? 11 . margot yeah . pauline wait for a explanation . margot I be sorry you be so angry ... pauline I be not angry . I be ... disappointed . margot uh huh . but you see when you say , " disappointed " it put I in a crummy situation . like I let you down . pauline but you do in a way . margot I do not see it like that . pauline Fine . I feel betrayed . be that word okay ? margot again , you be make I the aggressor . pauline you be the aggressor . ( pause ) let 's not ... I have become a really good cook . 11 int . live room - late day 11 malcolm strum he guitar and smoke . pauline sit at he foot with ingrid and Claude . the kid look at a record sleeve . margot be curl up on the sofa write in a little brown notebook . she wear oval tortoise - shell glass . margot I can not believe you have still get all of we old record . ingrid pull a album toward she . her eye widen at the scary image on the cover . she quickly turn it over and hand it to she mother . 12 . ingrid Mom , can you hide this please . pauline put the record sleeve on top of a shelf . pauline ( for margot 's benefit ) malcolm play with Ric ocasek once ? malcolm in the late ` 80' . it be a solo gig after he leave the Cars . claude so , you be kind of famous . malcolm redden . malcolm no. no. believe I , I be not . I use to want to be , but , no . do you want to be famous ? margot Claude want to be very famous . malcolm well , make sure you can handle rejection . I can not . for I , expectation just turn to disappointment . so , ultimately I would rather not try . it will all go black for we soon enough anyway . pauline Claude , ignore he . pauline sneak a look at margot who be watch malcolm with a expression of either contempt or confusion . pauline grow uncomfortable . she say to Claude : pauline when you mother move to New York she use to send I book and record . she send I rem 's murmur ... margot and the pixie . 13 . pauline and X . she be very cool you mother . margot you only like top forty . pauline yeah , but I love rem now . margot take off she read glass and rub she eye . margot I do not really listen to music anymore . pauline I be dating that guy , Horace back then . remember he ? margot be that the guy who like to rough you up ? pauline no , that be we dad . pauline and margot crack up laugh . malcolm raise a eyebrow at Claude . margot we father use to strip down to he skivvy and beat we with a belt . malcolm that man have a sexual screw loose . pauline it 's awful -- that stuff that happen to kid . malcolm be fondle by a male baby -sitter . malcolm just use that information however you want ... pauline sorry . we be with family . I figure ... Claude look at malcolm . malcolm do not meet he eye . 14 . pauline I think Becky get it the worst . margot do she ever . raped by the horse trainer ... margot break into laughter . pauline spit she seltzer back into the glass . they both laugh hysterically . tear stream down margot 's face . Claude watch . 12 ext . patio - night 12 malcolm , pauline , margot , Claude and ingrid sit with a homosexual couple , Alan , 40' , and Toby , 30' , and they son , Bruce , 8 , at a old wooden table eat crab , salad and soup . part of Alan 's face be paralyze . toby Alan roll over in bed and look at I and he say I can not feel my face . it take three doctor before we know it be bell palsy . alan they say a brush of wind can do it . toby feeling be slowly come back . malcolm we be all get older ... which be terrible -- I do not care how universal it be . I can not remember name anymore . margot I have that . I blank out on certain word now too . like the other day , I could not remember the word for ... ( laugh ) I have forget it again . the stuff in wine . sediment ! that be it . malcolm I know that . I be talk more about not remember who be the bassist for motley crüe . malcolm light up a cigarette . he offer one to Claude who shake he head , no . 15 . pauline ingrid , why do not you show Claude and Bruce the game trunk . ingrid okay . Claude reluctantly follow ingrid and Bruce . he look back longingly at the table of adult . malcolm ( relieved , to himself ) Mick Mars . margot Toby , I think you need to have Bruce diagnose . toby margot , I do not want to have this conversation with you . we follow the kid inside . we hear in the background : margot it 's vital . if you keep tell he he 's like everyone else he will wonder why he be not . he 's suffer . toby he 's test very well . he do B 's in school . Claude stop -- he mother and Toby be argue out the window . her eye meet he for a second -- they make no connection -- she go back to Toby . margot but , that 's how autism work . one part of the brain can work fine while the other be damage . alan we have he diagnose , margot . nothing be find wrong . margot do you really , though ? toby I be ... I be not go to have this conversation . I be sorry . 16 . silence . margot I know it must be so difficult for you , but I think you have to -- 13 int . kitchen - same 13 pauline unload the plate onto the kitchen counter . she hesitates and exhales a deep , anxious breath . 14 ext . house - night 14 margot pace while talk on a cell phone in the herb garden . she drink a white wine with ice cube and smoke a joint . the bottle lie at she foot , three - quarter empty . jim' voice what be you do ? margot I leave you a note . jim' voice come back . or meet I in vermont on Saturday . margot no ...no . the wedding be on Saturday . I be here for that . I can not really pull out . how would that look ? jim' voice you have not speak to she in year - - margot well , we be speak now . she be my close friend despite it all ... you be the one who 's be try to get I to call she . jim' voice do you tell Claude what you be do ? margot ( suddenly laugh ) Jim , this guy , malcolm . he 's exactly what you would imagine except I think he 's clinically depressed . ( more ) 17 . margot ( cont 'd ) not ugly , but completely unattractive . and he have no job . the best I can make out be that he 's a letter writer . I do not know , the house look weird to I ... she 's try too hard and it 's kind of a mess ... they take down the swing ... silence on the other end . margot hello ? jim' voice you say you be not a hundred percent on this . you say that like a week ago . can I come up there ? margot no . I do not want to see you -- I feel happier already have do it . jim' voice really ? you feel happier ... ( silence ) please do not tell Claude anything please , until we have talk more . margot I need to tell he . and we need to tell josh . do he do he homework ? jim' voice yes . margot this be happen and you have to get you mind around that . 15 int . claude' guest room - night 15 Claude sleep in bed . margot gently touch he face . she whisper : margot be you asleep ? claude ( softly ) yes . 18. margot will you remember this ? claude yes . margot I just talk to you dad ... Claude 's eye remain close , but he smile . margot I be only go to tell you if you will not remember . claude okay . margot hesitates . she change she mind and say thoughtfully : margot everyone find you so funny and charming . I always get compliment about you . margot stand . she catch herself in a warpe mirror and smear some eye make - up off of she face . margot be you have fun ? be it nice to see pauline ? claude ( open he eye ) yeah , I really like she . margot yeah . she be crazy though . claude in what way ? margot she 's really berserk . maybe it 's hormone . you do not notice anything different about pauline ? claude no . 19 . margot she 's pregnant -- she tell I . but she 's keep it a secret -- I mean from malcolm and even ingrid . which I think be unforgiveable . now she will have to marry he . what 's she plan -- to get marry and not drink champagne ? then she will just be lie . I guess she 's afraid she will miscarry . she probably will . I think on some level she 's ambivalent about the marriage and that 's why she 's not tell he . claude be you stone , Mom ? margot maybe a little . claude I do not like it . 16 int . malcolm and pauline's room - night 16 Water run from the bathroom . malcolm cradle a glass of whiskey and stand nude in front of a full length mirror . malcolm ( shake he head ) my scrotum be longer than my penis . he turn around and look at he ass . pauline walk out of the bathroom . she wear mens pajamas , the top open . malcolm it 's sweet how Claude look up to I . he wait for a reaction and get none . malcolm margot do not seem as crazy as you make she out to be . pauline what she do to Toby and Alan tonight do not seem crazy enough for you ? malcolm I guess that seem pretty crazy . 20 . pauline ( immediately defensive ) well , she care deeply . malcolm yeah , she 's really worried about Bruce . pauline this have nothing to do with Bruce . she think everyone be autistic . malcolm be about to speak , but instead he halt , paralyze . pauline what ? malcolm nothing , you keep change you position -- I be just try to figure out if I should agree with you or not ? pauline well , can not she be both , care deeply and be crazy ? do people have to be all one thing ? malcolm I guess not . pauline well , okay ... ( back into it ) it be nice she come for the wedding . she 's so pretty , do not you think ? malcolm ( warily ) she 's attractive . pauline a little thin maybe ... but it be nice she come . malcolm let 's fuck . 21 . 17 int . margot' guest room - same 17 margot lie on she front , she hand underneath she . she try to masturbate . the bed creak . finally , she flip over and give up . she wear a rubber night - guard in she mouth . 18 ext . house - day 18 a croquet game in progress . pauline and malcolm play margot and Claude . ingrid lie in the grass sing to herself . the dog next to she . malcolm concentrate -- he carefully line up he shot . finally , he swing -- the ball miss the wicket . he shake with frustration . malcolm fuck it ! Claude look through a slit in the wooden fence and into the neighbor 's yard : a naked man , 40' , crouch . arm extend from below and pull he downward . his ass poke up over the weed . margot honey , you be up . Claude shake out of he reverie . he walk briskly up to he ball and smack it . it bullet forward and land just short of pauline 's ball . margot Claude , do not just whack it . think about it before you hit . claude sorry . pauline knock she ball into Claude 's . she hold she ball down with she foot and prepare to swing . malcolm Paul , what be you do ? pauline I be send Claude 's ball into the bush . malcolm take the extra hit . pauline I do not want to do that . 22. malcolm it 's the smarter play . she whacks -- Claude 's ball travel about two foot . pauline shit . malcolm pauline ! see , I know you could not ... you foot be too small ! margot step up to take she turn . she regards the house . margot you take the awning down . Claude look back into the adjacent yard : flashes of skin . a breast . pubic hair . Claude crouch to see more clearly -- the body disappear from sight . malcolm draw a deep breath and take a few practice stroke . he swing -- he ball rocket past margot 's , roll up over a ridge and onto the cement drive . it quickly sail down into the road and bounce into a ditch . malcolm shake furiously . he lift he mallet , turn toward the house , rethink momentarily , and hurl it up over the incline and down to the water . pauline put she hand on she hip . pauline well do . malcolm fuck you . malcolm hesitates then tramp down the stair to the beach . Claude watch the pink of flesh move up and down . margot honey , you be up . he approach he ball and smack it toward the double wicket . margot you be go the wrong way . claude oh . 23. he blushes and laugh . pauline laugh . margot shake she head . margot so stupid . claude Mom , I be sorry . Jesus . margot place she mallet down and start toward the house . claude we be in the middle of it . margot this be why I hate game . I hate what it do to I . pauline cackle loudly . margot turn around and stare at she . malcolm call from the stair : malcolm ( o.s. ) wait , we be not finish ! 19 ext . patio - day 19 the five eat a salad nicoise lunch . margot malcolm , do you notice how pauline sometimes can not make eye-contact . how she gaze hover just above you head . malcolm yeah , I kind of know what you mean . margot I always think I have something in my hair . it 's not necessarily bad , Paul . it 's just something you do . pauline look mildly horrify . she suddenly turn to Claude . pauline Claude have you ever see you mother climb a tree ? claude no . 24 . margot we do not have much opportunity in Manhattan . pauline as kid margot climb everything . she could even climb that tree . she point at the tall oak that stretch over the fence into the neighbor 's property . claude can you do it , mom ? margot maybe later . claude no , now . ingrid do it now , margot ! pauline show he , margot . 20 CUT to : 20 margot stride toward the tree . the group follow behind . she grab hold of a branch and lift herself . Claude grin , impressed . with brisk dexterity , margot scale the tree . Claude , pauline , malcolm and ingrid watch with glee from below . pauline I tell you . margot reach a perch near the top and look down at the gang . they wave . she wave back . the sun be hot . she sweat , flushed . she take a deep breath and relax against the bark . tree for mile . the neighbor ' house be fade and grey . in the far distance , toxic white smoke come out into the sky . a earwig walk across she arm . she flick it off , slip for a moment and catch herself . her breathe grow more rapid . 25 . a bug buzze around she head . she swat at it . her family have stop watch . Claude and malcolm throw a baseball . pauline 's go back inside . ingrid clear the table . margot ( under she breath ) shit . she wipe she face , she shirt be almost entirely soak . the buzzing continue . Close on margot 's ear . a small black gnat land on the lip of the lobe . it hesitates and dart inside the hole . margot gasp . she jam she pinky in she ear . pauline come back out with a ice tea . claude what 's she do now ? pauline ( dryly ) she 's stick . 21 CUT to : 21 a young volunteer fireman climb a long ladder up the side of the tree and toward margot . he reach out he hand to she . margot ( annoyed ) I get it . she slowly lower herself . 22 int . live room - day 22 pauline be laugh , recount the story . Claude and ingrid laugh too . margot shake she head , embarrassed and furious . claude you be great on the way up . margot do not patronize I , Claude . margot turn she head to the side and pat on the top of it . pauline we be all laugh , margot . 26 . margot you be laugh in a kind way . Claude be take too much pleasure out of it . claude I be not . margot you be . you like to make fun of I . to see I get embarrassed . it 's mean . silence . margot put she pinky back in she ear . she frown . pauline what be you do ? margot I have get a fuck bug in my ear , okay ? 23 ext . forest - day 23 pauline and margot hike along a dirt trail . Claude and ingrid idle behind , carry walk stick . pauline I think Claude could hand out program . ingrid 's go to sing . do you want to read a poem or something ? margot you know I can not speak in front of people . I be do this " conversation " at the bookstore in town on Friday and I totally regret have say I would do it . pauline you be do a " conversation ? " margot yeah , talk about my work in front of a crowd . I do not invite you because ... I think it would be boring . pauline uh huh . 27 . margot what ? say it . pauline it 's nothing . it 's just ... I would come ... I want to come . I get a kick out of it . it 's just weird , you know ... so , you be not here for ... ( she stop herself ) okay , I get it . when do they ask you ? margot a while ago . I would say , no , but then when I be come here anyway and ... I guess it help sale and ...so ...so. pauline I see . we catch a quick glimpse of people walk ahead in the path . pauline do I tell you , Becky get she tube tie . margot why ? be she see someone ? she 's still obese , I assume . pauline I think it 's symbolic . margot I bet mom pay for it . we should audit mom . pauline I consider it in my twenty . you know , when I be fuck everyone . you remember . margot I do my share . pauline but not like I . margot you want to count ? 28 . pauline no , margot , I do not want to count . ( pause ) what be it about dad that have we fuck so many guy ? margot I think it be the only time we could really feel unselfconscious and get out of we head . pauline ( dismissive ) I do not think that 's it . I just think it be something we be good at . behind , ingrid smack she walk stick into Claude 's . ingrid you mom think Bruce be gay . claude no , she say she have asperger . ingrid I think that 's what that mean . claude no , it 's like lesser retarded . ingrid I have adult add . claude you mean child add . ingrid no , for some reason I have the adult one . maybe I be retarded . up ahead -- in the path -- be a couple , 40' , with a six year old girl . the back of the man 's pants be smear with dirt and the woman be pack into acid wash jeans . the little girl whine and lag behind . margot and pauline slow down . Claude and ingrid catch up . man come on ! little girl I do not want to ! 29 . man come on ! little girl I do not want -- the woman grab the girl harshly by the arm and pull she . the girl scream . margot hey ! the man and woman turn around sharply . margot be careful ! woman what ? margot be careful the way you pull on that child 's arm . you will take it out of its socket . man do not tell we how to treat we child . margot I do not care how you treat you child as long as you do not hurt he . pauline ( under she breath ) it 's a girl . woman she throw a rock at I . margot she 's a little girl ! woman she know what she be do . she start suddenly toward margot . woman there be no hit in we family . do you understand ? 30 . margot back up quickly . the woman stop about ten foot away . woman stay out of it , bitch . the woman turn back around . she lift the girl into she arm and they trudge over the incline and out of sight . ingrid that be the vogler . pauline Jesus , margot , what be you do . they already hate we . margot ( wiping she eye ) do not tell I what I can and can not do . that 's child abuse . claude Mom , she be psychotic . margot stop pick on I . everyone . 24 CUT to : 24 the four of they emerge into a clear . nobody speak . a child 's pink sneaker lie in the path . margot oh God . pauline walk over to it . she crouch . pauline it could be anyone 's . margot burst into tear . pauline hesitates then hold she . ingrid what be they go to do to we ? pauline they be not go to do anything , honey . 25 ext . front porch - day 25 malcolm look at pauline . he 's in the midst of write a letter on a legal pad . pauline be work up . 31 . pauline we have to cut down that tree . malcolm where be we go to get marry then ? pauline I do not ... we will do it in the fuck drive - way if we have to . Claude and ingrid listen from just inside the house . ingrid look at Claude nervously . ingrid you mom start a war . we have to make sure we wear shoe because they might start throw glass . claude have that happen before ? ingrid I can not remember . I think so . no , it definitely have . now I remember . behind they , margot , make - up and wear a dress , clomp down the stair , across the carpet and onto the porch . pauline where be you go ? margot ( tersely ) to town . I will be back for dinner . pauline come on , nobody blame you , margot . a old orange BMW idle at the end of the driveway . pauline , malcolm , Claude and ingrid watch margot cross the drive - way . a man , 50' , open the passenger door . he smoke a brown cigarette . margot get in . the man wave at the group on the patio . pauline , malcolm and ingrid and Claude wave back . claude be that Dick koosman ? pauline yeah . he have a house up here . 32 . claude what 's he do with mom ? pauline good question . 26 ext . house - day 26 ingrid sit at the root of the tree , squeezing honey out of a honey bear onto she hand -- she watch the ant come . Claude sit on a low branch and look over the fence : ingrid how much do you parent make in a year ? claude I think about a hundred . they bank at chase . the front door of the vogler 's open and a boy , 14 , pee from the entrance - way into the plant in the yard . ingrid be they rich ? claude no . they be middle class . the boy finish and violently hurl a toy car at the fence . boy just let I live ! the toy land a few foot short . he go inside and close the door . ingrid Upper or lower ? claude I think just middle . Claude watch : malcolm scurries around the side of the vogler house hold a dead mole by its tail . he stumble , recover and fling the animal at the front door . he race back toward he property . 27 ext . porch - evening 27 margot and malcolm have cocktail . pauline drink a bottled water . ingrid have cray pas , marker and paper and draw at a table . she draw a mole . 33. Claude draw a boy with a big claw for a hand and clawe under it . wizard , the dog , lie at he foot . margot Dick and he daughter ask we over to swim tomorrow . pauline we do not invite they to the wedding . margot you be not really friend . pauline we be friend enough that 's it 's awkward . maisy baby -sit for we all the time . margot he 's do the interview with I in town on Friday . do I tell you , he and I be collaborate on a screenplay , a adaptation of one of Dick 's novel . pauline no , I do not even know you know he be up here . malcolm take one of ingrid 's marker and doodle . malcolm be he even a good writer ? why do people care about he ? pauline you be competitive with everyone . it do not matter if they even do the same thing as you . ( to Claude ) he 's competitive with bono . malcolm it 's true . I do not subscribe to the credo that there 's enough room for everyone to be successful . I think there be only a few spot available and people like Dick koosman and bono be take they up . pauline look at malcolm 's draw . it 's a graphic image of a man fuck a woman in the ass . 34 . pauline malcolm , what would ever make you think that 's something to draw right now ? Claude and ingrid stare at it . malcolm ball it up . malcolm sorry , I be not think about it . sorry , margot . 28 int . volvo - day 28 the car pull into a driveway . a modern house . Dick and maisy come out to greet they . dick you find it ! margot , the kid and pauline get out . we stay in the car with malcolm . pauline come to he window . pauline what 's up ? malcolm I do not want to do this ... pauline come on , do not be that way . maisy sit on the hood of the car and ingrid introduce she to Claude . Dick approach margot -- she turn back to pauline . malcolm I be not be that way -- I just do not feel like it . I be go to go back and ... I have work to do . pauline Dick do not care that you do not make any money . malcolm be that why you think ... that 's not why I be ... I just hate swim . I really hate it . it 's disgusting to I . my mistake be say I would do it to begin with . you have fun . pauline Fine , we will have fun . 35 . malcolm 's gaze go to maisy 's breast . margot watch he watch she . malcolm people always pee in the pool . pauline I do not think Dick and maisy pee in they pool . malcolm I will bet you 500 dollar there 's pee in that pool . 29 ext . dick pool - day 29 pauline and margot float beneath Claude who stand above they . pauline to the end and back . Claude , you say go. claude okay . margot knock on the side of she head with she hand . claude go! pauline fling herself in and be off . margot hesitates then follow . maisy and Dick watch from the chair . ingrid float on a raft and cheer . Claude run along the pool - side . dick how 's you dad ? claude good. dick he and I share a thesis advisor at Stanford . do you know that ? claude no. pauline hit the far wall with she palm and flip around . margot stop short and follow she sister . they be neck and neck . they arm cut in and out of the water . 36 . dick I be dating you mom back then , do you know that ? claude no . pauline land -- touch the wall first . margot a close second . claude pauline win ! pauline beam . margot immediately drift to the ladder . she 's panting heavily . claude Mom cheat . you do not touch the wall ! margot I do so . it do not matter . I lose anyway . pauline it be close . pauline float on she back , exhaust . ingrid swim beneath Claude -- long strand of hair stream up from beneath the surface . margot get out of the water and Dick wrap she in a towel . for a moment it 's a embrace . margot look quickly over at Claude -- his foot slip . he topple in . Water roar around he . he open he mouth . bubbles spurt out . he drift down . lying next to the drain be a field mouse . its eye be white . splash . hand wrap around he . he go up . 37 . the sound of wind and blurry voice now clearer . pauline bring Claude to the surface and push he to the ladder . she help he climb out . ingrid and maisy be grin . they expression slowly shift as they see Claude 's face . Claude be sobbing . pauline it 's okay . margot immediately wrench Claude from pauline 's grasp . she look shocked and angry . margot I get he . she lead she son behind the bush out of everyone 's sight . margot it 's okay , my baby . she gently let he down . his sneaker squeak and slosh . Claude , soaking wet and ashamed , look at he mother . she break into laughter . Claude wipe the water and tear from he eye . claude I be sorry I laugh about the tree . margot now we be even . 30 int . pauline and malcolm' den - day 30 margot , recline on the couch , drink a white wine with ice cube . pauline pass the doorway and stop . she hold tear - sheet of flower and wedding decoration from various magazine . pauline here you be . margot you have get a problem . pauline what do you mean ? margot I do not like the girl and I do not like the way malcolm look at she . 38 . pauline oh , come on , it 's sexy . margot you do not see it . I see it . you have get a problem . pauline I be not worried . ( pause ) we could teach Claude how to swim . margot he will not want to do it . it 's too late . pauline wait for more -- nothing come . she take a couple step into the room . she hold out she hand for the glass . margot pass it to she . pauline sip . margot be you suppose to be do that ? pauline no . she hand it back . pauline I like you last story in , be it harpers ? the one about mom . I be very ... I like it very much . margot it be not really about mom . pauline I think it be . anyway . why do not you want Claude to know how to swim ? margot I do not say I do not want he to . why do you care ? it 's not in he life -- we be New yorker . if he want to learn when he 's older , he can . I be curious why you be so interested in the whole thing . pauline I be not . I be just ... as a safety thing and ... I be ... forget it . ( pause ) ( more ) 39 . pauline ( cont 'd ) it 's interesting -- this be the first time Dick have invite we over . margot but be you really friend ? pauline kind of . we be neighbor . we employ maisy . I mean I do not care , I just think it 's interesting . ( pause ) be you excited about the talk ? I think I would come if that 's okay . my friend , agnes , ask I , " what 's it like to have a celebrity as a sister ? " I say , I have get no problem with celebrity . Alice munro teach at bennington and be kind of a friend of mine . margot I be not a celebrity . pauline well , you be well know . margot to a very few people . pauline just accept the compliment . margot I guess I do not realize it be a compliment . 31 ext . forest - late day 31 margot walk the path alone . she hug herself as a light breeze kick up . her footstep echo in the tree . the little pink sneaker still lie in the dirt . she crouch down and take it . 32 CUT to : 32 close : a note be be write . " ... and if you be act with any sort of abuse toward you child I will call the police . " 40 . the word " any " be then underline twice . the page be tear from she little brown book . 33 ext . vogler house - evening 33 margot 's fist be raise about to knock on the front door . she stop herself . she put the note on the welcome mat and hold it in place with the child 's shoe . she wander around to the back of the house . she look into a light window : it 's a white tile bathroom . a wet brown animal body cover in clear plastic be balanced on the sink . Mr. vogler tear into the plastic . the carcass be butterfly open expose the innard and rib . Mrs. vogler run the tub . she pour salt from a box in the water . the man slide he hand in she waist -band . she rub against he . margot chew she cuticle . the man saw the leg . his arm jerk back and forth , strain to cut through the bone . sweat pour down he temple . margot raise she hand to she face and press against the window . she peer through she finger . the blade pierce the bone with a violent release and the hoof fall to the floor . margot move to another window . the pig 's face now look at she . blood drip and leak into the crevice of the tile . the woman brandish a syringe fill with a orange liquid . suddenly a face appear in the glass . margot leap back . it 's a thin boy . he say something . the family turn to the window . the father flick off the bathroom light . from inside margot illuminate like a apparition . margot scamper into the tree . she push through branch , she shirt tear . she run . 34 int . claude' guest room - evening 34 Claude sit on the bed . the record sleeve from blondie 's " parallel line " rest in he lap . he read the lyric to the song , " Sunday girl . " he depress the red record button on a old portable tape recorder . he sing a cappella and full voice , passionately , as sweetly as he can . 41 . maisy appear in the doorway and watch . Claude turn mid - lyric . he jump , startle . maisy sing ? fumble , Claude shut off the tape recorder . claude hm ? a bit . she drift into the room and hover closely above Claude who remain on the bed . margot pass by in the hallway , dishevel from she escape . she watch : maisy take the lyric sleeve from Claude 's hand . her T-shirt hang above she waist show she smooth stomach . maisy can I make a suggestion ? claude uh huh . maisy you should get underarm deodorant . claude uh huh . maisy you kind of smell . Claude blushes . maisy better I tell you than someone else . 35 int . margot' bathroom - evening 35 margot put on mascara and watch Claude , who stand behind she , in the mirror . margot I think you smell nice . you smell real . claude I stink . 42 . margot it cause cancer . claude underarm deodorant ? margot yes . it 's get chemical and thing that be extremely harmful . claude I be not go to die from underarm cancer . margot no , you will get it somewhere else . like you stomach or you testicles . claude ( laugh ) testicles . margot do not laugh , that 's a serious thing . who tell you this , anyway ? maisy ? claude yeah . margot I hope you be not interested in that girl . I find she insufferable . claude what do that mean ? margot it mean I can not suffer she . she 's loud and stupid . she go on about thing of which she know nothing about . claude she get into Harvard early . margot stupid people get into Harvard early all the time . 43. claude where do you go again ? margot barnard . ( pause ) I just do not think you should do anything with she . claude ( embarrassed ) we be just friend . margot if you do , use a condom . Claude look into the toilet . a square of toilet paper with a red lip outline float on top of the water . claude where be you go ? margot out with Paul and malcolm and Dick . claude be kid come ? 36 int . live room - night 36 Claude 's Pov through the window : Dick and margot in the back seat of the volvo . malcolm and pauline the front . the ignition turn . Claude leave the window . we hear the car rumble away . Claude and ingrid sit on the couch , hamburger in front of they . maisy be cross-legged on wizard 's dog bed and chew a stalk of celery . ingrid who do we know who 's gay ? maisy how do I know what gay people you know . claude Alan and Toby . ingrid and Bruce . he 's gay and asperger . 44 . claude I do not know if Bruce be gay . ingrid he might be , it 's very common . claude you mom be pregnant . ingrid no she be not . claude she be . ingrid look stricken . maisy how do you know that , Claude ? claude she tell my mom . but you can tell - - she 's hormonally weird . maisy Holy shit , ingrid you be go to have a baby sister or brother . ingrid ( quietly ) my mom think you mom be unreliable . claude who care . but he do . Claude bite into he burger . his eye fix on the crease between maisy 's breast . maisy say to Claude : maisy do you think you mom be fuckable ? claude I do not know . maisy I think she 's hot , you mother . I would do she if I be gay . I might anyway . I mean if she come on to I . claude she will not . 45 . ingrid I be not go to do anyone . there 's a scraping sound on the window . the kid turn quickly : claude what be that ? ingrid be it scary ? 37 ext . field - night 37 the three kid lie in the grass and watch through the slat in the fence : the vogler family eat at a outdoor table . a pig turn on a spit over a smoky barbecue . Mrs. vogler say something and the kid and Mr. vogler laugh . maisy climb over Claude to see better . he feel she breast press against he back . suddenly he swat crazily at he ear . ingrid be poke he with a blade of grass . 38 int . volvo - night 38 malcolm drive quickly with pauline next to he . he 's smoking with the window open , Dick and margot in the backseat . pauline margot use to never speak . I remember when we go on a double date in high school , that kid ron ask you if English be you first language . margot it 's true . I use to think I might have some kind of brain defect . pauline you think you be aphasic . margot I be still not sure . pauline oh , Jesus , margot . margot it 's very possible , Paul . 46 . pauline I just ... you diagnose sometimes irk the hell out of I . malcolm light another cigarette -- the car jerk sideways . margot malcolm , can you slow down . malcolm what ? dick I can drive if you like . malcolm no , you get dinner , the drive 's on I . dick well , I will let you pay you half if you will slow down . malcolm well , neither pauline or I order dessert . pauline malcolm , let it go . ( taunting ) margot would insist on drive if she know how . margot ( to Dick ) my license elapse . but I know how . malcolm it 's probably for the best . I have this theory , I think , historically , woman have be hold back in so many way that when they get power , like they do behind the wheel , they can not help but abuse it . it 's akin to Hannah arendt 's eichmann theory about prison guard and prisoner switch roll . dick that 's a charming philosophy . 47 . margot yeah . tell that one a lot . malcolm this be not a blanket thing . I mean , woman can be great driver too ... he take a long satisfied drag on he cigarette . pauline Said the man with the moustache that he think he 's wear in quote . margot it 's mean to be funny . malcolm ( to pauline , be : margot ) be you do this for she benefit or mine ? malcolm pump the brake . malcolm what the fuck ? pauline what ? malcolm ( momentarily sober ) no , there they go . okay . it 's fine . I think I have no brake for a minute ... malcolm pitch he cigarette out the window -- it fly through margot 's window and land on she lap . margot malcolm ! Dick grab the light butt and chuck it in the road . malcolm ( turn around ) what ?! the car swerve again -- everyone jump . margot watch it ! 48 . malcolm it 's fine , margot ! pauline ( to malcolm ) you be just so incompetent . malcolm ( explode ) why do not you fuck drive yourselves home ! malcolm screech the vehicle over to the shoulder . they jolt to a stop . pauline ( quietly furious ) oh , God . pauline open the door and stagger toward the brush . she lean against a tree and look like she might vomit . malcolm watch in the rearview mirror . margot you should go after she . malcolm sigh heavily and get out of the car . margot and Dick watch out the back window . pauline see malcolm come and bolt into the wood . malcolm charge after she . dick come back with I tonight . margot I have get Claude . dick come on , I have be try to get you up here all year . margot ( vaguely ) she 's pregnant . Dick lean over to margot 's neck . he lick she . 39 int . ingrid be room - night 39 Claude lie in bed with ingrid . he chew off a piece of he pinky fingernail . he hesitates and place it on a end - table . 49 . ingrid why be you put that there ? claude I just want to keep it . ingrid I leave a piece of skin in a movie theater once so it could watch movie all its life . claude I do not know if it 's the same thing . ingrid be you obsessed with maisy ? claude no . ingrid you be always stare at she tit . ingrid trace Claude 's upper lip with she finger . ingrid you have a moustache . claude my mom bleach it . ingrid I be go to kiss you cheek and then you kiss mine . claude I do not want to do that . ingrid why not ? claude because it 's pointless ... Claude hear footstep creak downstairs . he go to the door and peer out : pauline and malcolm , a little dishevel and dirty , climb the stair . neither speak . malcolm go into the hall bathroom . pauline into they room . running water groan through the old pipe . 50 . ingrid where be you go ? I think we be have a conversation . claude you be start to annoy I . 40 int . hallway - continuous 40 Claude walk -- he pass a open door : malcolm be shave he moustache -- the electric razor whirring . 41 int . margot' room - continuous 41 Claude enter . it 's empty . her brown notebook rest on the bedside table . he hesitates then open it : it 's pack with write -- a nearly indecipherable cursive in black ink . the name Claude can be make out on the page . Claude take the book and climb up into bed . he nestle against the pillow and squint to read the write . margot ( o.s. ) what be you do ? Claude startles . margot stand in the doorway with a glass of water . claude I do not think you come home . margot where would I be ? claude can not josh and dad come to the wedding ? margot we have be through this . go to bed . Claude slide down to the floor . he hesitates . claude can I sleep in here ? margot no , honey . claude we can put a pillow between we . 51 . margot okay . just for tonight . Claude take a long pillow and place it like a barrier in the bed . we stay on he as he wait . finally margot climb into the cover in a nightgown . margot when you be a baby I would not let anyone else hold you . I think that may have be a mistake . 42 ext . house - morning 42 malcolm , he moustache go , a cigarette dangle from he mouth , hammer in a stake at the base of a collapse , white tent . a workman hold a pole steadily . pauline set up chair around a series of table . ingrid idle a few foot away . they be in the midst of talk : ingrid why be it a secret ? pauline because I do not want to get you excited before it be real . it 's not really a baby yet . in two more week we can celebrate together , okay ? ingrid why do you tell margot ? pauline because she 's my sister and I trust she . how do you feel about it ? ingrid I do not want a sister . pauline touch ingrid 's hair gently . ingrid I be go to go get wizard . she run toward the house . pauline march toward malcolm . pauline margot tell Claude something I expressly tell she in confidence . and he tell ingrid . ( more ) 52 . pauline ( cont 'd ) I be stunne that she put I in this position . it 's so fuck infuriate . malcolm well it 's that thing where -- pauline do not say anything . you know what ... just be there for I . silently . malcolm okay . pauline why do I have to be so careful around she , but everyone be allow to make fun of I ? malcolm I do not know if -- pauline malcolm , what do I just say ? ( sigh ) you know , I just want you to take my side , I do not need you to make it better . malcolm put he hand awkwardly on she shoulder . pauline ingrid 's really upset about it . fuck . I can not believe she do this to I ! ( pause ) I do not tell you because ... I do not want you to feel like you have to marry I . I find out right before we seminar ... I be pregnant . malcolm uh huh . pauline well ... do that sound good to you ? malcolm I be still digest margot tell Claude . what a fuck nut job . ( quickly ) sorry . I think I be really happy . 53. ingrid be watch from across the field . pauline come here , honey ! ingrid hurry through the sparkly , dewy grass . pauline hug she and they spin . 43 CUT to : 43 margot watch from the upstairs window . the mother and daughter walk arm in arm down what will be the aisle . finally , margot turn away -- she 's in pauline and malcolm 's room . she open drawer : underwear , sock , bras . topless photo of pauline pose in the bedroom . a photograph of margot and pauline in they teens on Halloween dress as Pat benatar and Patty Smyth respectively . margot grin . another photo of margot , pauline and a obese woman -- Becky - - in they 20' . margot 's expression sadden . she open another drawer . Polaroid of pauline and malcolm in different sexual pose . she flip through this and drop they on the bureau . amidst the underwear and sock she find pill container . she squint to read the label . she open one and shake out a few blue pill into she palm . she swallow one and put the rest in she pocket . more drawer open : self-help book , incense , pamphlet on Buddhism . a stack of pornographic dvd 's . claude ( o.s. ) hey . margot start and shove the drawer shut . margot hey . I be just look at pauline 's incense and self - help book . I do not understand it . this junk make she look stupid and she 's not . I do not like to think of she this way . claude uh huh . 54 . margot she 's such a hypocrite . somehow I be a kook for go to therapy , but she 's get enough drug here to medicate a ... ( settles on a word ) ... a elephant . and she 's always with this loser . claude malcolm 's not a loser . margot Claude ... think about it . claude he 's cool . margot what make you think he 's cool ? ( soften ) I be more talk about she investment in thing like the Forum and ashram . claude what 's the Forum ? margot like a cult . claude she be in a cult ? margot year ago . she and lenny also follow some guru who be a follower of the mukdananda who make she drink he bath water . who know what she 's do now . ingrid ( o.s. ) margot ! Claude ! 44 ext . field - day 44 Claude hack he way through the tall weed . claude wizard ! we move past he , obscure by grass , pauline and ingrid yell : 55 . pauline / ingrid wizard ! wiz ! margot enter the frame . the kid walk ahead . margot wizard ! here , boy ! she stand a few foot away from pauline . the kid can be hear shouting in the distance . margot how long have he be go ? pauline I do not know . ingrid bring he in last night , but we could not find he this morning . margot oh boy . pauline do you tell Claude I be pregnant ? margot I do not know . pauline you do . margot I guess I say something . pauline you do . you do not have to tell he everything . margot he want to know . if I do not tell he , he figure it out . ingrid ( o.s. ) where be wizard ? ingrid approach with Claude . pauline I do not know , honey . ingrid sink into she mother 's body . Claude and margot walk ahead . 56 . claude you do not let he go out into the road or something where something could have happen to he ? margot why would you think I would do something like that ? that 's awful . claude I just ... I be just make sure . margot that 's a terrible thing to say to I . claude I do not mean on purpose , I just mean maybe in case ... you know something . I be sorry . 45 int . kitchen - day 45 margot enter and open the refrigerator . she get out a white wine bottle . she turn around and jump , startle . margot woa ! malcolm sit at the table , eat saltine out of the box , a pad and paper in front of he . malcolm hey , sorry . I be here . margot no , I ... I should have look . malcolm I be just write my vow . try to do something appropriate but also funny -- not jokey , more character base humor . margot pour herself a glass of wine . she look to malcolm to see if he want some . he shake he head . she take a long drink . silence . malcolm you have a okay time ? margot oh , yeah . besides wizard get -- 57 . malcolm yeah , we will ... we will find he ... or else , I do not know ... margot we will not . malcolm right , or else he 's dead or something . ( pause ) it mean a lot to Paul that you come . margot yeah . silence . malcolm mumble a tune . margot oh God , this be the same toaster we have here as kid . Paul be so weird . malcolm I hear you have hear the news . margot yeah . congratulation . malcolm pretty cool . hard to fully take in . it 's a little abstract still . I have not have that thing yet where you realize that you be not the most important person in the world . I be anxious for that to happen . I guess I have to thank you -- I would not know yet if you have not arrive . margot you be welcome . malcolm of course I can not help but worry I will pass some not so great gene onto the kid . I mean , in my family there 's a lot of hand wash , you know . I do not have it , but my brother do . ( pause ) you work on anything now ? 58 . margot besides the thing with Dick ? malcolm oh , right . he nod . she nod . silence . margot how about you ? malcolm oh , I be work on some acrylic paint -- margot nobody fill the ice cube trays . malcolm stop , immediately embarrassed . margot be look in the freezer . she take out the trays and bring they to the sink . she run the water . margot sorry , what be you -- malcolm nothing . it do not matter . margot no , what be you say ? malcolm it really ... nothing . margot okay . she tread back to the refrigerator , balance the full trays . malcolm I be say I be do this abstraction in acrylic paint . but it 's not ... I be not get pay or anything . I do not know , I hate that question , " what do you do ? " margot you ask I . malcolm I know , but ... 59 . malcolm exhales in frustration . 46 ext . field - day 46 pauline and malcolm open the gate to the vogler 's property . malcolm I think we should not mention the tree , we should let they know that there will be people and music on Saturday and it will be louder than usual . pauline and that they can come for a glass of champagne . but you tell they . I think they respond to you better . they approach the vogler 's sun - wear and paint chip house . malcolm well , I be ultimately one of they . you should not have make I shave the stache . pauline ( laugh ) yeah , right . malcolm oh , hey , ingrid be ask I if I be ever gay . do you know what that 's about ? pauline no . Mr. vogler , wear a fleece vest and carry a hatchet over he shoulder , trample out of the brush . pauline hi. vogler stop . his face be jag and wear . pauline hi , I be pauline . this be malcolm . we have meet before . we be you neighbor . the man watch they strangely with icy blue eye . 60 . vogler you gonna cut that tree down ? pauline well , we grow up with that tree and we be get marry under it Saturday and -- she wait for malcolm to jump in . he do not . vogler say softly , but sternly : vogler the root be grow into we property . it 's rotting , it 's kill we plant . pauline we have a tree doctor out and he say it be healthy . pauline smack malcolm 's arm . pauline would it hurt you to say anything ? malcolm what ? what do you want from I ? pauline you be make I do the whole fuck thing . malcolm you bring up the tree . pauline he bring up -- she stop herself . she say to vogler : pauline I be sorry ... this be better think - through back at the house . pauline 's gaze go above vogler 's head -- like margot describe earlier . he run he hand through he hair as if something might be catch in there . pauline we be wonder if you and you wife -- I be sorry I forget she name -- would like to come over for ... 61 . vogler you should ask she . she make the plan . I be go to go in now . he tramp inside . the screen door bang . malcolm I feel like you do not give I a chance to say what I want to say . pauline hit he in the chest and start to walk away . malcolm come after she , he rage grow . malcolm I want to punch that guy in the nose ! pauline you have never hit anyone . malcolm I have too ! pauline who ? malcolm lot of -- you do not know they . they be not around because I have punch they . a smile break across pauline 's face . malcolm seethes . malcolm do not laugh , pauline . it 's not funny . I will fuck punch you sister . malcolm clenches he fist . he point at vogler 's place . malcolm the threat be not out there . it 's in we house . it 's sleep in my studio . I mean , I would not actually hit she , but I feel ... I feel like do it . she 's such a fuck idiot . pauline she 's not a idiot . you might not like she -- 62 . malcolm she be . she be a idiot ! you be a idiot . pauline Jesus . malcolm you be both fuck moron . I be so fuck ... I be try so hard . you do not give I any credit . pauline what be wrong ? malcolm I do not know , I have the emotional version of whatever bad feng shui would be . I do not know . you tell I , you understand this shit . pauline do you drink you teas ? malcolm yeah , I drank my fuck teas ! do not judge I now . really , I think when you look back at this you be go to see I be not act like a crazy person . that this be the right reaction . in proportion with what be go on . this be right ! malcolm look around furiously . the only thing available to he be a leafy stalk . he pull on it , but it will not uproot . he tear the leave off in a rage . pauline you have the most oddly self - conscious form of rage I have ever -- malcolm I hate you . exhausted he approach she . he say , still with anger : malcolm let 's make love . 63. 47 CUT to : 47 pauline walk back to the house , buttone she dress . she look up suddenly and stop : a man watch she from the lawn . he hold a bouquet of flower . pauline run to he . pauline Jim ... they embrace . her hand cup the back of he neck . claude ( o.s. ) dad ! Claude run from the house . 48 ext . patio - late day 48 pauline , malcolm , margot , Jim , Claude and ingrid eat fish stew and peasant bread . Jim 's flower sit in a vase . he wear a tan knit bracelet that ingrid make . jim it be a difficult decision because Claude have so many friend at school now , but it be expensive and bronx Science be a great public school . claude I do not get into stuyvesant . margot he 's not a good test taker . malcolm I go to stuy . margot ( catch off - guard ) really ? malcolm really . claude I would rather stay at packer , but it 's so expensive . malcolm lift up a bottle of jameson from the floor near he chair and pour himself another stiff drink . 64 . jim josh be a great test taker , but Claude think more abstractly . he 's more creative . right ? claude I guess so . Jim smile warmly at he son . jim I see the one armed man who really have two arm at the bodega . claude do you give he confusing change ? jim I do . I trip he up with some nickel . and a canadian quarter . malcolm you know what I try the other day ? sitting down to pee . have you do this , Jim ? jim no ...no . malcolm I do it as a lark . as a joke really . I be go to call pauline in and say , guess what I be do here ... pauline I be sorry I do not get to have that experience . malcolm I be think , you know , my dad use to say , " why stand when you can sit . " and this be a really good example of that . I mean , it take I so long to try because I be embarrassed . ( to the sister ) you guy do it all the time . margot I never sit down in a public place . I squat and hover . 65 . ingrid go wide eye for a moment . malcolm anyway , I recommend it . at least to try it . pauline Jim , I be sorry about the room . it 's usually malcolm 's storage room so it 's kind of make - shift right now . jim it 's fine . margot stare at Jim . jim margot , open you gift . a unopen present in blue tissue paper sit beside margot 's plate . margot I get self - conscious open present in front of people . this weekend be about pauline . pauline oh...poo. open it margot . margot slowly unty the white ribbon and peel away the tape . pauline groan : pauline come on , get to it . margot take out a pair of furry slipper . malcolm that look warm . jim I remember last year in vermont you say you foot be freezing . her eye find Claude who watch he parent carefully . she lean across the table to Jim and they kiss chastely and briskly on the lip . margot thank you . 66 . 49 int . jim be car - night 49 Jim drive with margot in the passenger seat . margot I already have slipper . jim well , that 's okay . two set be fine , right ? margot it make I sad to get a present that I already have . jim why ? margot it make I feel like you do not know I . she jam she pinky into she ear try to get at the bug . jim what 's wrong with you ear ? margot I ask you not to come . I be so clear and you do it anyway so blithely . jim we need time alone to sort this out . you can not just run away -- margot okay , so we be here . I be give you this time . jim ( try a joke ) well , now you be put too much pressure on I . Jim smile crookedly at she . she half - smile back . he take a moment , prepare to speak . then : jim what be that ? his headlight catch a woman cower at the roadside . they pass . 67 . margot keep drive . Jim slowly pull over to the shoulder . margot no...no ...no . Jim , no . jim let I just ... Jim get out of the car . a sobbing woman crouch , cradling a bloody dog . woman please help I . Jim come toward she . woman please help I . he get hit by a car . please help I . margot open she door and step out . margot ( warily ) Jim ... Jim kneel down by the whining pit bull . the woman scream : woman help I ! margot careful , he might bite you ! Jim suddenly lift up the twitching animal . 50 int . rental car - night 50 Jim drive , he front cover in blood . margot be shot -gun . the lady ride in back with the panting pit in she lap . woman hurry ... he 's die . he 's die . margot put she hand over she ear . Jim speed up . woman he do not do anything . Roger be a innocent . he 's a innocent creature . 68 . margot oh , God . jim margot . margot ( whisper ) I can not stand she . 51 ext . veterinary hospital - night 51 Jim come outside tucking he wallet in he back pocket . margot sit on the car hood smoking a joint . margot you pay , do not you ? jim she do not have she purse with she . it be not so expensive . Roger 's go to live . margot I do not give a fuck about Roger . and ... that make I feel like shit . you make I feel like shit . I would not have stop . jim of course you would have . margot no , I would not have . I would have keep drive . I hate myself when I be with you . jim ( frustrated ) margot , I be not ... I can not talk to you when you be this fuck up . margot you be just like Claude in that way ... you make I feel guilty . sometimes I find you so despicable . margot stub out the joint on the car roof . Jim suddenly remove he sweater and put it around she shoulder . he fish into he pants pocket for he key . tear start down margot 's cheek . 69 . jim what 's wrong ? margot I do not know . ( pause ) before you give I you sweater I think I do not realize I be cold . margot lean in to he , she forehead press against he cheek . after a moment , he put he arm around she . margot ( quietly ) take I home and go away . 52 int . / ext . dine room - night 52 margot smoke by the open door . she drink a glass of white wine . pauline eat from a left-over chinese container . margot if it be someone else I would understand it , I would feel sympathy even . but since it 's I , I just feel bad . and horribly critical . I have not be able to tell Claude what 's happen . and I have to . I be go to . ( frustrated ) how can I be all this people ? how can I be marry to Jim . and fuck Dick . and want they both and then neither of they ... pauline I know . we be at the age where we be become invisible to man and if a guy want to fuck we , it 's very tempting . margot what be you say ? pauline I be say , if you get you sense of self from be fuckable and that start to wane -- it 's very hard . I almost have a affair too . but you know , you do not have to do it . you can , I do not know , get a manicure or something . 70 . margot grow furious . she turn to hide she face . pauline you know I tell people you be my close friend . I really miss you . margot ( barely ) I too . pauline but I can not help feel that you really come to my wedding because I live a mile away from the guy you be fuck . margot come on , pauline . you make it sound like I be use you . pauline yeah . there be a long silence between they . finally , pauline indicate to margot that she have something in she nostril . pauline you have a ... margot clear she nose quickly with she finger . margot do I get it ? pauline yeah , I think so . margot ( suddenly ) Paul , what be you do get marry to this guy ? he 's not good enough for you . he 's so coarse , he 's like guy we reject when we be sixteen . you know ... do not make a mistake like this . ( pause ) I be sorry , maybe I have no right to say that , but you know I be truthful so ... would you rather I lie ? pauline who should I be with then ? 71 . a smash sound . margot step outside : two hood figure turn over a recycle can , glass smashes on the ground . garbage be strewn across the driveway . margot ( o.s. ) hey ! hey , you ! you pick that up . I will call the police . this be we property . pick that up . pauline remain seat at the table , stunne . margot come back inside . margot creep . 53 ext . driveway - morning 53 malcolm cram the trash back in the can . he see something amidst the milk carton and corn husk . he reach down and lift up a severe pig 's hoof . 54 ext . field - morning 54 Claude and ingrid idle in the tall grass call to wizard . claude dog usually come back , I think . ingrid what happen to you dad ? claude he go to vermont . ingrid he do not want to come to the wedding ? claude I do not think he could ... I think he could not . ( pause ) you want to see I dance ? ingrid okay . Claude dance . the gangly weed blow around he . there 's a rustling in the brush . a patch of fur catch ingrid 's eye . ingrid ( under she breath ) wizard ... 72 . the animal be go . a figure appear in the distance behind Claude . the boy , the vogler 's son , approach shirtless in swim trunk . ingrid 's attention go to he . claude you be not watch . the boy come into focus . he hold a dead squirrel by its tail . ingrid back up next to Claude . the boy stop a few foot away and hurl the squirrel at they . the kid jump back as it land at they foot . boy where be you go ? claude ( stop ) we have to get home . boy be that you girlfriend ? claude no , she 's my cousin . boy you a fruity ? claude um...no . boy ( to ingrid ) you a fruity ? ingrid ( with certainty ) no. boy we will hurt you . Claude take ingrid 's arm and they start to walk away . ingrid he 's a vogler . claude he 's just a stupid boy . 73. Claude sneak a look over he shoulder -- the boy follow . Claude 's gait quicken . ingrid hold it , I have a rock in my sandal . claude come on , ingrid . ingrid slow , lift she leg and remove a sandal . the boy be behind they . Claude yank ingrid 's arm and she topple over . ingrid oww ! Claude lean down to help she . the boy leap on Claude . they both crash to the ground and roll through the grass . claude get he off I . ingrid ! ingrid hesitates then run toward the house . Claude wrestle with the boy . the boy growl . he grab hold of Claude 's arm and sink he tooth into Claude 's shoulder . claude ayy ! help I ! Claude kick and yank himself free . he run wildly . Close on Claude . tear stream down . he cough and spit . 55 int . house - same 55 Claude burst through the front door . ingrid see Claude and run to the kitchen . margot , in a suit , go over note . margot woa , do not run so fast . claude there 's a boy ! he bit I ! margot ( alarmed ) who bit you ? claude a boy . a vogler ! where 's ingrid ? 74 . margot let I see . he tilt he head , she lean down and look at he neck . there be red and purple bite mark . margot ( rise ) I be call the police . Claude grab she arm . claude no , do not ! it will get worse . why do you say anything to they ? margot Claude , this be not my fault . claude that boy bit I because you could not keep you fat mouth shut . margot Claude , you be be a jerk . claude you shit in you shoe and then you fuck they ! margot smack Claude in the face . ingrid stare wide eye . 56 int . bookstore - day 56 a placard read : a conversation with margot Zeller and Dick koosman . people mull about with drink . pauline and Claude admire the display of margot 's book . pauline you really want to know ? I will tell you . she write a story about lenny and I . ( flip through page ) yeah , it 's in here . I mean we be talk almost every day at this point and there be no warning . maybe a couple of remark that she would use some thing of ours ... then the New Yorker come -- we have a subscription -- and there 's the story and ... it 's thing we say and do -- stuff I tell she in confidence . ( more ) 75 . pauline ( cont 'd ) I think it help end we marriage . I read it and think , " she hate I . " claude she do not hate you . pauline stare at a blow up author photo of she sister . pauline you think ? margot try to murder I when we be girl . she put I on a baking sheet , sprinkle I with paprika and put I in the oven . 57 CUT to : 57 the crowd file in . margot and Dick stand in a corner . margot Jim be here . Dick flip through some note . dick be Jim still write ? margot ( nod ) I tell he to go to vermont without I . dick I would love to see he tell a linear story for a change . Jim never want to make it easy for the reader , do he . the nicest man I have ever meet , but he can not play the game . margot I be not join he . I be go to stay here and then ... we will see . right . okay ? dick I do not ask you to do that . ( pause ) the guy 's point at we ... 76 . 58 CUT to : 58 margot and Dick sit on stool hold microphone in front of row of fold - out chair . only a few empty seat remain . pauline and Claude sit in the back . dick I be very interested in you story " Middle Children . " some people applaud , but it trickle off before it get start . dick the father be a loathsome character yet we also feel a strange sympathy for he . margot yeah , well I be very interested in explore a father - daughter relationship . while he cling desperately to she , suffocate she really , he also silently resent the responsibility of parenthood . dick there 's this sexualize push - pull with daphne which I find -- margot he crave isolation really . I always think of he as someone who so over identify with everyone around he that he begin to lose all sense of himself . dick you make he only recourse to abandon he family , include he beloved daughter . margot right , that 's true . that 's true . dick I write historical fiction so I do not have to answer to this , but I wonder for someone who write so nakedly about family , how autobiographical be this portrait ? margot rest she lip on the tip of the microphone . 77 . margot my father be a loving person . he have he day , of course , but ... he be devote to we as child . I would not have write this portrait be it true . pauline nod slightly . dick but I be interested in how the father could be in fact a portrait of you . margot stare , dumbstruck . margot umm ... I do not ... why do you assume it 's base on ... we all take from life . I have to have we refrigerator repair the other day at we apartment in Manhattan . I be alone with a guy , I think he be Puerto rican , send over by ... whirlpool , I think it be who make we fridge . although he say he work for a independent organization who whirlpool subcontract . I think he be retarded . there be a anger in he and suddenly I become afraid for my life . I call Jim at nyu . I ask he to come home . margot stop . her face be awash in sweat . pauline take Claude 's hand and press it to she chest . his eye widen , fix on he mother . margot it might be frigidaire ... I be sorry ... I do not ... I be not sure what I be ... I think I need to take a moment ... she stand and walk off the stage . she realize she still have the mike . she go back and place it on she seat . margot ( almost incoherently ) you be a asshole ... 78 . 59 int . bookstore bathroom - moment later 59 margot grab a pill from she pocket , put it on she tongue and drink from the faucet . there be a knock . margot open the door . Claude look up at she . pauline and Dick wait in the background . margot I need to be alone right now , okay ? claude what 's wrong ? margot I do not know . I will tell you sometime . go on . claude be you sure ? margot yes . go with mom . I will see you later . claude you say , mom . margot ( snap ) but you know what I mean . go with pauline . Jesus , do I ...do I need to spell it out for you ? ( she point ) go. with . her . 60 int . church - day 60 a simple , spare space , empty except for pauline and Claude . pauline be you okay ? claude I be okay . pauline you be you mom 's favorite . do you know that ? claude I do not think she have a favorite . 79 . pauline she 's always like you best . more than Jim even . claude but they be marry . it 's different . pauline but she still love you best . it 's hard , I think , to find people in the world you love more than you family . claude I like malcolm . pauline yeah ? good . I do not know . I do too. ( pause ) I can teach you to swim if you like . claude no , thanks . Claude look at the floor . his sneaker rest next to she open to sandal . she tap he foot with hers . pauline have you mother talk to you yet ? claude I do not think so . about what ? pauline be you okay ? it 's hard to see you mom like that -- get attack like that . right ? it be mean what he do . I think it be really shitty . claude mm hm . pauline you know , I think you mom 's go through a rough time right now and ... whatever she tell you ... like if she say she 's leave you father ... remember that she often change she mind and ... ( more ) 80 . pauline ( cont 'd ) I do not want you to worry about anything right now . Claude say nothing . 61 ext . house - late day 61 pauline 's volvo roll into the drive . she and Claude get out of the front seat . margot climb out of the back hold a big cake box . no one speak . malcolm , in a fleece vest and safety goggle , drag a chainsaw toward the oak tree . ingrid run to she mom . ingrid he 's cut it down . pauline good . pauline pass maisy read on the patio . maisy my dad 's late to pick I up . I hope I be not a pain . pauline you be not a pain . margot sit on the back stair drink a glass of wine with ice . the tent be up . the table and chair be place around the lawn . she watch malcolm prepare to take the tree down . she put she pinky in she ear and twist . Claude approach . margot I tell Paul I do not want you guy to come . claude I think it be interesting . margot what do Paul say ? claude I think she like it . margot yeah , right . do you talk about I afterwards ? claude no . 81 . margot I can tell you be lie . claude we do not , mom . margot I do not trust she . claude she really love you . she do . margot toss the remainder of she drink into the weed . margot pauline tell I she 's very disappointed in you . claude why ? margot she think you laze about the house . ingrid be always offer to help clean or cook . she make bracelet for all the guest . even malcolm put up the tent . you just wait until everyone else do it for you . claude that 's not true . margot it be true . you be never helpful . I wish I have teach you better manners . claude I can try to make popover . if I can remember how . margot do not bother . she look at he with grave disappointment . claude why be you look at I like that ? 82. margot I just see how much you have change . you body language . you use to be rounder and more graceful . you be so stiff now . so blase . claude what do you mean ? margot ( retreate ) I can not explain it . margot shake she head . she 's suddenly distraught . margot it 's okay though . claude uh huh . Claude look devastate . he start toward the beach . margot 's eye well up -- she say , try to make thing better : margot you be still handsome . 62 ext . house - same 62 pauline march toward malcolm . malcolm wear the safety goggle and revs the chainsaw . pauline be you able to do this yourself ? malcolm pauline , do you want I to cut it down or not ? pauline watch the tent . the jag blade pierce the trunk . pauline crunch she face . malcolm stop suddenly . he walk around the tree and inspect the bark . malcolm ( indicate he fleece ) I like how it look on vogler . pauline start to say something -- stop . then : 83. pauline I think it 's over between Dick and margot . he be so cruel to she today . and poor Claude have to watch it all . she should just get out of the marriage and then she can fuck whoever she want , you know . it 's cowardly . and Dick koosman . what a choice . I mean ... you know ? malcolm I agree . I hate the idea of Dick fuck margot . pauline what do that mean ? you want to fuck margot ? malcolm pauline , that 's not what I say . pauline I know you have a crush on she , you already tell I that . malcolm redden and start the chainsaw again . they yell over the noise : malcolm I do not say that . I say I think she be attractive after you grill I . she have no interest in I anyway . not that it would matter if she do . pauline have you ever do anything like that . malcolm what do you mean ? pauline have you ever cheat on I ? malcolm no ! malcolm shut the motor . malcolm can I do this ? 84 . pauline that email you have with that student of mine . malcolm ( exhales ) uh huh . pauline do that ... I know you say it be nothing . malcolm it be . pauline I just ... can you say it again ? malcolm I just do . now , can I cut down the tree ? pauline you never do anything with she ? malcolm no . she email I after we meet at that read at the college and ... you know we be friend . pauline right , just a regular friendship between you and a twenty year old girl . malcolm pauline , how many time do I have to say it . pauline but ... why do not I believe it ? malcolm because margot can not understand why you be with I and now when she 's around you look for thing . pauline ( hesitates ) you promise . malcolm I promise . 85 . pauline look at he long and hard . malcolm take off he goggle . pauline okay . I be sorry . malcolm it 's okay . malcolm and pauline continue to stare at one another . he gun the chainsaw . tear spill suddenly from he eye . pauline startles . he flick the switch off . malcolm I be go to tell you something . pauline ( suddenly terrify ) what ? malcolm I do not want to lose you , though . okay ? pauline 's face go pale . malcolm I be go to tell you ... just let I ... maisy ... pauline teeter . pauline I do not want to know . malcolm ... we do not really do anything . we be goof around , I be make fun of she cause she date a jock ... pauline I do not want to know . malcolm I should not have put myself in that position , I know that . we brush lip really . it be barely a kiss . and then we stop . that be it . his nose run . he wipe it messily with he arm . 86 . malcolm we tongue touch . I do not want to under - sell it either . I mean ... we make out . I make out with she . I do not know why . I do not even like she . it 's be a heady time . ( pauline say nothing ) what be you think ? please , tell I what you be think . pauline rush at the tree -- she smack she hand on the trunk and throw all she weight behind one great shove . it do not budge . in frustration and rage , she run . 63 CUT to : 63 ingrid be the only one on the patio as pauline approach . ingrid have anyone see wizard ? pauline no. where 's maisy ? ingrid upstair , I think with Claude . 64 int . pauline's bedroom / hallway - day 64 pauline enter in a daze . a toilet flush . maisy come out of pauline 's bathroom . maisy oh , hi . sorry , I have to go . I hope that 's okay I use yours . pauline nod strangely . she go to the window . her dove grey wedding dress hang on the back of the door . maisy I love you wedding dress . it 's so unconventional and great . pauline nod . her eye catch the Polaroid of she and malcolm nude which lie on top of the bureau . maisy look at the picture too . maisy shift uneasily and leave the room . pauline follow . maisy walk down the hallway , aware that pauline be right behind she . maisy be everything okay ? 87 . pauline ( pause ) nothing . maisy stop at the landing . Claude sit at the bottom of the staircase play with a string . maisy Claude , do you want to play croquet ? claude okay . pauline raise she leg -- she foot hover at maisy 's lower back . she hesitates . Claude react with horror . maisy turn around to see pauline with she foot in the air like she 's do karate . pauline 's eye dart around aimlessly . maisy stare , confuse . pauline slowly lower she leg . something dawns on maisy . she race down the stair . 65 ext . house - day 65 the deafen shriek of the blade as it cut into the tree . malcolm be soak in sweat . ingrid watch from a few foot away . in the distance -- Dick 's orange BMW grind into the driveway . maisy hurry toward he . ingrid say , bury in the noise : ingrid there 's Dick . malcolm see Dick . he push the blade harder into the wood . ingrid be it almost ready ? malcolm ( distract ) almost . maisy be talk to she father . Dick spot malcolm . he immediately start toward he . malcolm hesitates . cold fear creep up he neck . Dick speed up . malcolm back up slowly -- drop the chainsaw -- and bolt toward the water . ingrid watch , confuse . 88. Dick take off after he . malcolm stumble down the long wooden stair to the beach . malcolm run wobbily -- he pants , already out of breath . sweat pour down he face and body . Dick 's gait be swift -- he arm stiff , bent at the elbow . his jeans make a swish swish . he take the stair two at a time . malcolm grasp the railing , move as fast as he can sideways , try not to fall . he reach the beach , he foot sink in the sand . he trip and topple forward . he look up -- Dick lunge . Dick pound malcolm 's head and face . malcolm throw he arm up and try to block the punch . malcolm I do not do anything ! I do not do anything ! dick Fucking sleazebag ! Dick get up . he kick malcolm hard . dick I do not ever want to see you again . malcolm ball himself up against a rock . he cry : malcolm fuck off , dickhead . Dick march forward and kick malcolm again hard . malcolm ow ! Dick light a brown cigarette and walk away . malcolm scream : malcolm Fucking dickbag ! she 's lie ! he touch he face and see the blood on he finger . malcolm ( choke on tear ) oh , man . 89 . there 's a rustling noise in the wind . malcolm look -- a mud - and sea-coate wizard watch he with a panting smile . 66 CUT to : 66 wheel sputter in the gravel . Dick 's car peel out with maisy in the passenger seat . Claude and margot watch from the porch . 67 int . live room / dine room - same 67 pauline be seat at the table with place card , flower , silverware , napkin , dish . margot enter . Claude follow . margot come with I to New York . pauline I can not talk about it -- margot okay , but you can not marry he . you have to go now . we can think about what to do with the baby -- pauline ( stand ) margot , I can not -- margot do not turn vague , listen to I -- pauline I want you to pack all you thing and get out of here . you can take we car and leave it at the ferry . margot ( startle ) what ? claude I will help out more . I can make popover . pauline look at Claude strangely . she lean down and kiss he on the lip . pauline do you love I ? ( Claude nod ) good . 90 . margot do not take this out on I ? I be on you side . pauline no , you be not . you be not . margot I have keep my mouth shut because -- pauline no , you have not keep you mouth shut ! no you have not ... keep you mouth shut ... margot okay , I tell you and I be right . he 's do a insane thing . you do not know this man . what he do be criminal . pauline margot , I can not ... margot it 's pedophilia . pauline get out ! pauline shove a stack of plate and silverware off of the table . the plate shatter . silence save for they breathe . pauline Becky and I talk about you -- about what a monster you be . be it cause Mom give I the house ? can not I have anything ? what be I think ? I let you in . get! out ! margot what ? what be you say ? I do not recognize you -- it 's like you be channel someone . pauline ( suddenly ) ingrid ! 91 . 68 ext . field - continuous 68 the purple of ingrid 's batik shirt shine in the grass beneath the tree . the trunk -- a gash at its base -- teeter . pauline take off into the field . ingrid sing to herself and trace the branch in the air with she finger . pauline sprint -- pauline ingrid ! ingrid say to no one in particular : ingrid what ? pauline 's breath be rapid , jag . ingrid stand . a wind whip up . the tree sway . pauline thrust she arm out , seize ingrid and hurl herself away from the tree . ingrid ow ! ingrid sob as they run . pauline look back . the tree be still stand . they embrace a few foot out of its range . ingrid it be not go to fall ! pauline I be sorry . malcolm trudge up the stair . he 's bloody and tatter . wizard trot behind he . ingrid wizard ! she hug the dog and hold he by the collar . the three of they stand a few foot apart . there 's a horrible creak -- and suddenly -- 92 . -- crack -- malcolm pull both girl toward he -- the tree topple -- the thick trunk rip through the wedding tent and crash through table and chair and the fence -- -- onto the vogler 's property . 69 int . volvo - day 69 the speedometer needle waver around 30 . margot clutches the steering wheel . Claude look morose . pauline and ingrid sit stonily in the back seat . the volvo jerk into the oncoming lane and back . margot draw a deep breath . claude I think you could not drive . margot ( irritate ) I can drive . why do everyone say that ? I use to drive . they inch up a small hill . a car cascade down past they . the volvo shake . pauline suddenly snap out of she daze : pauline we have to call people and cancel . ingrid what happen ? can I still sing ? margot roll down the window . margot ( to Claude ) you do smell . claude well , I be not wear any deodorant . they reach the top of the hill , over the crest , and descend . the vehicle pick up speed . margot press down on the brake . margot shit . claude what ? 93. margot I do not think ... ( she pump again ) no ... we do not have brake . pauline ( resign ) the brake be bad , that 's right . claude what do that mean ? margot what do you think it mean ? claude I mean , what can we do ? the car coast faster down the hill . claude Mom . margot place she arm stiffly across Claude 's front . pauline wrap she body around she daughter . margot swerve into the shoulder -- she make a sharp turn into the forest and crash through the bramble and muck . the car slow until it come to a sudden stop at the base of a tree . 70 CUT to : 70 margot and Claude , pauline and ingrid trudge through the bony white tree of the forest -- they bag weigh they down . they be all cover in sweat and there 's dirt cake on they foot and ankle . margot I ruin this shoe . pauline 's face screw up . she 's suddenly in pain . she race behind a tree . margot follow . ingrid Mom , be you okay ? pauline ( o.s. ) do not look ! margot stop . 94 . pauline ( o.s. ) shit ! ingrid Mom , what happen ? pauline ( o.s. ) nothing . margot step to see around the trunk . the kid follow behind . pauline remove she panty from under she skirt . she toss they in the brush . pauline fuck . margot turn to the kid . ingrid hide a smile . claude do she poop in she pants ? margot it happen to everyone . not just baby . it will happen to you too someday . 71 ext . ferry - day 71 margot and Claude sit , streak with mud and perspiration . margot drink a beer , Claude a Coke . margot pop a blue pill in she mouth and swallow . ingrid swing on the rail . pauline hang up a cell phone and hand it back to she sister . she take the beer and swig . pauline I leave mom and Becky a message . margot I do not think mom know how to work the machine . margot put she pinky in she ear . margot I can hear it flap . pauline you should take care of that . it can hatch egg . 95 . Claude turn he head . in the chevy next to they sit Mrs. vogler and the vogler boy . she sing along to the radio . she run she hand through she son 's hair gently . he nestle into she shoulder . 72 ext . seaside town STREET - evening 72 the four of they get out of a taxi . a small , peel hotel . 73 int . HOTEL room - continuous 73 a dark tight space with a fade and dirty green wall - to - wall carpet . pauline comb ingrid 's hair on one of the two double bed . ingrid practice she wedding song . Claude sit on the other bed and look into the open bathroom door : margot stand with she back to he . she talk on she cell phone in a whisper . she hang up . Claude walk inside . the sink drip . margot sweety , there 's a bus that leave to vermont from town tomorrow morning . I just talk to you dad and he 's go to pick you up . claude be not you come ? margot no . claude why not ? margot I have to help out Paul and ingrid . Claude tug gently on he yellow bracelet . claude I do not want to go tomorrow . the distant bong of a low drum and beneath that -- chant . Claude follow margot to the window . ingrid and pauline be already look out . clump of demonstrator march in the street . some people hold up sign with slogan -- no more -- bring back -- the rest be obscure from the window . some marcher be dress in black hood with white face paint and carry cardboard coffin . 96 . pauline there 's malcolm . pauline point to a guy in a vest . as he turn around we see it be not he . pauline withdraw , suddenly on the verge of tear . pauline I can not live in that house alone . margot you be go to be fine . pauline maybe ... maybe I could get a place in Brooklyn -- williamsburg or something . people be live there right ? margot you do not want to live there . it 's all young people . pauline but what do you think of that idea ? margot maybe . let 's see . you know if you do not want to come with I , I be sure mom will let you stay with she -- pauline ( through tear ) you be already try to pass I off on mom ... margot do not say that . come on , you will come home with we . pauline you do not even know where you be go to live . you might have to move in with mom too . margot tighten . pauline what ? oh. ( mouth a whisper ) do not you tell he ? 97 . margot look at she son who continue to watch out the window . 74 CUT to : 74 pauline emerge from behind the armoire door wear a long nightshirt that read : I spend the night with arsenio Hall . she enter the bathroom . she mutter to herself . pauline what have I do ? what have I do ? margot jimmy up the stiff window to let in some air . a few straggler still march in the street . trash and piece of signage line the gutter . margot turn into the room . she put she hand to she cheek and stroke she smooth skin . she watch she son who remove he jeans for bed . claude what ? margot nothing . just then I feel so much love for you . 75 CUT to : 75 pauline tuck in ingrid who lie next to Claude . margot sit on the other bed scribbling in she brown notebook . pauline march around and across to the other side of the room . she snatch the book out of margot 's hand . margot hey ! pauline you can not write about this . you can not have it . margot I be not write about you . pauline you already take a part of my life , you can not have any more . and that go for ingrid and malcolm and wizard . we all own we own rights . they be not for sale . margot give it back . 98 . pauline glance at the book . pauline if I could read you handwrite I be sure I would be furious . but if I ever see a story that involve a hotel room or any of this shit , I will fuck take you bowel out . pauline thrust the book back at margot -- CUT to : the kid sleep in one bed . margot and pauline lie awake in the other . pauline you have now successfully ruin two of my marriage . margot you be not wear any underwear . pauline it 's hot , I be pregnant . move over . Jesus . margot you be not hot , you foot be cold . pauline stop touch I . I be so hot . feel my head . margot put she lip to pauline 's forehead . margot you have a fever . pauline I do not have a fever ... I be pregnant ... be you always like this ? margot get use to it ... Mom and Becky share a bed -- you and I will probably get the other . pauline you should just go to vermont . 99 . margot I be think -- you know if you want -- you and ingrid could go to vermont . keep Claude company and Jim adore you . pauline you do not like malcolm because you be not attract to he . margot will you do it ? pauline no . I will not do that for you . margot ( pause ) do you two talk about I in town ? what do you say ? pauline ( pause ) I tell he you often change you mind . 76 int . bar / restaurant - morning 76 cheap plastic table . a small karaoke stage in front . margot , Claude , pauline and ingrid sit at the bar . margot drink she wine with ice . she wear Jim 's sweater . the kid have coke . the remain of ketchup -soak french fries in a plastic red basket lie between they . a man with a mullet climb up on the karaoke stage . the music begin . the man sway and sing " on and on " by Stephen Bishop . he croon sweetly and beautifully . Claude 's eye moisten . margot swallow a blue pill and chase it with the wine . she take she son 's hand and whisper : margot I be sorry , sweety . there 's something wrong with I . pauline I be go to call he . margot quickly turn to she sister . margot no. do not . I be tell you . 100 . pauline I ... I need some clothes and thing . margot he should get the hell out of we house . pauline okay . I will tell he to get the hell out of we house . pauline walk over to a pay phone . 77 CUT to : 77 pauline hold the receiver to she ear . she stare at a draw of a monster fuck a woman on the wall above the pay phone . malcolm be cry . malcolm' voice the tent look so lonely . pauline it have no one to get marry in it . 78 ext . house - intercut 78 malcolm sit in the grass , the tree and wreckage behind he . malcolm I know . and it 's smashed . I be such a fuck idiot . please do not take I seriously . I mean take I seriously , but not the fuck up part , you know . I love you so much . please marry I . pauline you can not do what you do again . do you understand ? malcolm I promise . pauline no matter how tempting . at the bar : margot watch she sister carefully . she absent - mindedly pick through she red knit bracelet and drop it onto the floor . ingrid slide something small and grey across the bar to Claude . 101 . ingrid you leave it in my room . it 's a piece of fingernail . he hesitates then put it in he pocket . at the phone : pauline rest she head against the wall . malcolm be bawling on the other end . pauline I do not know . I do not know . malcolm clutches wizard and sputter : malcolm I eat some of the cake . I do not know why , but I do it . pauline what be ... how be it ? malcolm good . pauline it 's not too sweet ? they sometimes make they stuff too sweet . malcolm maybe . maybe it be . I do not even notice ... they fuck up the cake . how sad . I love we little baby . I miss you . pauline I miss you too . maybe we should do another seminar . malcolm say something incomprehensible . pauline I can not understand you , honey . margot finish she glass of wine , she eye still on she sister . ingrid there 's gramma and aunt Becky ! margot startles and look out the window . across the street be a older woman , 70' , and a large woman , mid 30' , eat ice cream cone and look in a board - up shop window . 102 . pauline they do not get my message . pauline now stand above they . margot I tell you she can not work the machine -- ingrid 's chair scrape as she stand . she take she mother 's hand . margot remain seat . pauline what ? you be not come ? margot I be come , I be come . what do he say ? pauline and ingrid head for the door . Claude wait for margot . margot what do he say ? she grab she bag and drop some bill on the table . margot ( to herself ) do not worry , I get it . 79 ext . STREET - morning 79 the sister and child come outside . the mother and Becky now idle further down the street . pauline / ingrid mom!/ nana ! margot take Claude 's arm and walk quickly in the opposite direction . Claude , confuse , glance over he shoulder . margot do not look . keep walk . claude why be we -- margot we have to get you to you bus . 103 . 80 CUT to : 80 a huge parking lot . a bus in the distance . Claude try to keep pace with he mother . claude do you do something ? margot what do you mean , do something ? claude I mean , why be the wedding not happen ? be there something that you do ? margot pauline have transfer all she stuff onto I . I do not understand she anymore . why would she pick this man ? it be really berserk . and you know , she refer to I as she close friend . we never see one anoth -- a unfamiliar sound come out of margot . the sadness be unexpected -- she sob uncontrollably . she try to speak : margot I mean we be not close . even if we want to be . you know ? claude but be there anything real ? margot no ! how many time do I have to say it ? Jesus . you think so little of I . ( through she sob ) it 's good you be go . you should not be around I either . I would go if I be you ... claude will you find pauline and nana after I leave ? margot ( half -serious ) I do not know . maybe I will go to church . 104 . margot be sweat . she wipe she brow with she sleeve . she periodically look behind she . nobody seem to be follow . claude ( grow nervous ) be you angry at I ? margot no , honey . I be not mad at you . claude I do not want to go with you mad at anyone . margot everything 's fine . I be not mad at anyone . up ahead be a tiny depot . people climb onto a white bus . claude can you come with I ? margot no , you know that . ( pause ) we should talk about the next few month a little bit and what 's go to happen -- claude I do not like vermont . margot you dad will be very happy to see you . and I be sure josh be die to hang out . claude please come , mom . margot ( suddenly irritable ) Claude , stop it . okay ? she watch a man sustain a long embrace with another man . margot close she eye . she breathes deeply . margot you use to need I to watch you when you play . 105 . claude what do you mean ? margot ( vaguely ) when you first start to play with friend , you would not do it unless I watch you . you be afraid I would go out the back door . I do not know where I would go . we yard do not lead anywhere anyway . she take off she sweater and reveal a old fade yellow T - shirt . she be not wear a bra . Claude say suddenly : claude I masturbate last night . while everyone be asleep I go into the bathroom and do it . margot you do not have to tell I , sweety . the bus driver slam the luggage compartment close . margot you have get to go . margot tie she sweater around she waist and take Claude 's hand . they approach the bus . Claude 's body tense . claude how will you get home ? margot I do not know . I will see . maybe Dick can drive I to the ... ( pause ) Jesus , I lose the word for a second . the train . claude uh huh . he look at she longingly . margot come on . you always do not want to leave I and you always have a good time once you do . ( provocatively ) I think you like get away from I . 106 . claude I do not . I like hang out with you . she hug he . he clutches she . claude the world feel strange to I right now . margot nod sympathetically . she kiss he lip and release he . he reach into he bag and shyly put on he wrap -around punk sunglass . margot make a face . claude what ? margot they make you face look too wide . Claude remove they and put they back in the bag . claude see you soon . margot bye , sweety . claude say , you will see I " soon . " margot you be act like a baby . she back away -- claude do not see Dick . margot do not worry . I do not think he want to see I anyway . claude please , margot . promise I . margot ( hesitates ) do not call I that . Claude do not move . margot point at the bus and mouth " go " . she turn in the other direction . Claude , frustrated and anxious approach the vehicle . 107 . 81 int . bus - continuous 81 Claude hurry toward the back and find a window seat . he put he bag next to he and look out the dirty glass . Claude 's Pov : margot , she back to he , put she finger in she ear and shake she head . the sweater around she waist loosen and drift to the pavement . she start walk . the bus hiss and lurch forward . Claude strain to see : margot look back . the bus groan as it pick up speed . margot sprint . margot wait ! she 's run full speed , wave she arm wildly . margot wait ! wait ! she pants , breathless . the bus brake . she pass Claude 's window . we stay on Claude . he wait . finally , she appear next to he , cover in sweat , and panting . she kiss he on the head . the bus start move . margot ( almost euphoric ) do you see I run out there ? claude yeah . margot crane she neck to see outside . margot good . that be a lot of run . I be out of breath . Claude turn away from he mother and look out the window . CUT to black .