margin call written by j.c. chandor July 12 , 2010 int . large investment bank trading floor - day 1 1 the frame be fill with the face of peter sullivan , a 27 - year - old risk assessment analyst . he have a doctorate from MIT and be stare intently into a large bank of computer screen . a elevator door open and four human resource people come out of the elevator carry large file box . they walk down a long glass enclose hallway that run the full length of the trading floor . the scope of the floor now come into frame . there be more computer than can be imagine and several large board on the far wall that be scrolling thousand of number . peter give a know glance to the guy sit next to he , seth bregman , a young analyst in he early twenty . seth be that they ? peter ( nod yes ) seth Jesus Christ . the human resource people turn and separate into a large glass wall conference room that run along the floor as almost every person on the floor watch . seth ( cont would ) be they go to do it right there ? peter yeah . seth fuck I . will emerson , sit next to they , lean back in he chair . will emerson ( whisper ) have you guy ever see this before ? seth no . will emerson best to just ignore it . keep you head down and get back to work ... and do not watch . ( continued ) 2 . 1 continued : 1 the hr people begin walk out onto the floor look at a piece of paper in they hand then walk up behind a person and ask they name . it be brutal . the camera follow one hr woman , heather , with she piece of paper down the hall and into a row of employee , she walk right past the three guy then stop a bit down from they . heather timothy Singh ? timothy yes . heather I be afraid we have to speak with you . tim get up and walk back towards the conference room with the woman . peter put on he headphone and very loud rap music drown out all other noise and peter try to get lose back into the number on he computer screen . the sequence follow the hr people walk around and fire people intercut with peter just stare at he computer screen . it run for almost the length of the song until finally the same woman come walk back down the hall and stop behind peter and tap he on the shoulder . he take off he headphone and the music stop . he be shell - shocked . heather ( cont would ) Eric Dale ? peter Excuse I ? heather Eric Dale ? peter no . heather sorry ? peter I be not Eric Dale . heather oh. I be so sorry . peter he 's my boss , he 's down that hall . 3. int . eric dale' office - continuous A1 A1 eric dale be sit at he desk , he be 52 year old and look exhaust . he look out through the glass of he office as she walk over to the door . heather Mr. Dale ? eric yes . heather this way . eric walk out the door first . int . trading floor - continuous b1 b1 they walk along the full length of the trading floor to reach one of the conference room . everyone leave on the floor be watch . int . trading floor meeting room - continuous 2 2 there be a more senior look human resource lawyer , lauren bratberg , already sit at the table . they all sit and look at each other for a beat . lauren bratberg well ... Mr. Dale I be obviously sorry that we be here today but this be extra ordinary time as you very well must know . eric I run risk management ... it just do not seem like a natural place to start cut . heather I hope you understand that this be in no way personal . a majority of this floor be be let go today . eric ok heather Mr. Dale . Ms. bratberg be now go to run through the detail of what the firm be offer . ( continued ) 4. 2 continued : 2 eric ok lauren bratberg slide across the table a very thick severance contract agreement . lauren bratberg Mr. Dale the firm be offer you six month severance at half you salary . you will keep all unvest option that you currently hold . Health will be extend through that period . you have till tomorrow at ... she look at she watch . lauren bratberg ( cont would ) 4:47 to either take the offer or it will be revoke . do you understand ? eric yes . lauren bratberg now , unfortunately Mr. Dale due to the highly sensitive nature of you work here the firm have to take certain precaution for security purpose that may seem punitive in nature . I hope consider you ... she look down at the piece of paper in front of she to fact check . lauren bratberg ( cont would ) ...over 19 year of service to the firm , you will understand that this measure be in no way a reflection of the firm ' feeling towards you performance or you character . eric I be sorry ?? heather she 's apologize for what 's about to happen . lauren bratberg you company email , access to the server , access to the building , and you mobile data and phone service will all be severe as of this meeting . this gentleman ... ( continued ) 5 . 2 continued : ( 2 ) 2 she point behind he and a smallish benign look security guard be stand in the doorway . lauren bratberg ( cont would ) will take you to you office so that you can clear out you personal belonging . eric what about my current ongoing work ? I be right in the ... lauren bratberg the firm have work out its transition plan and be prepare to move forward , but we appreciate you concern . heather we understand that this be very difficult and here be my card . please contact I over the next few week if there be anything that I can do to help you through this transition in you life . they all stare at each other in silence for several long awkward beat . security guard Sir ? eric finally stand up and walk out with the guard and back over to he office . int . eric dale' office 3 3 eric walk into the office and sit at he desk and begin to clear he thing out into a file box . the guard stand at the door . eventually eric be sympathetic yet still energetic immediate superior , will emerson come to the door . will emerson hey . eric will . will emerson I be very sorry . eric be you still alive ? will emerson for now . ( continued ) 6 . 3 continued : 3 eric congratulation . will emerson it 's a total bloodbath . eric I hear . will emerson if there be anything I coulda do , you know I woulda do it . eric I know . will emerson well ... eric one more thing ... who be it ? will emerson Eric ... eric be it Rogers ? will emerson you know I . I be not gonna say ... eric Robertson ? will emerson just look back at he in silence . eric ( cont would ) that cunt . I know it . I never should have go to she last year . will emerson look it be not anyone . it 's just bad luck . right ....? eric yeah . will emerson good luck . they look at each other with respect but do not shake hand as will emerson start to leave the office . ( continued ) 7. 3 continued : ( 2 ) 3 eric will ? will emerson yeah . eric you know I be just in the middle of a bunch of shit here that someone should really take a look at . will emerson Eric , they be tell we that everyone have get to get out of here and leave everything behind . while we appreciate you concern , this be not you problem anymore . alright ? good luck . eric look straight ahead as will leave the office . he pack up the last of he thing , which do not take long , then stand and get ready to walk out . he look around and head out into the cubicle area . int . outside eric dale' office - continuous 4 4 outside he office peter and seth be stand to say goodbye . peter Eric , I be very sorry . seth yeah . do they say what be go to happen with we ? peter Jesus Seth . seth what ? eric no , it will be ugly around here for a while but you guy will be fine ... seth well , take care , Eric . Seth exit . eric well , I will be see you around . ( continued ) 8. 4 continued : 4 eric turn and begin to walk out towards the elevator . peter walk out behind he . int . trading floor elevator bank 5 5 they both stand there in silence wait for the elevator , then . peter I just want to say thank you . eric that 's not necessary . peter well it be ... you be the person around here that I ... eric look at he and understand . peter turn around and begin to walk back toward he desk . eric I know . peter turn back and eric reach into one of he box and take out a small key chain portable hard drive and hand it to peter . eric ( cont would ) I be close to something here ... but they would not let I finish it . take a look . the elevator door open and eric get into the elevator . just as the door be close he say ... eric ( cont would ) be careful . the door close . fade to black . fade in : int . SAM rogers ' office - continuous 6 6 SAM rogers , a 57 year old executive , be sit behind he desk look out the window . will emerson gently knock on the door , enter then sit on the couch . will emerson well , that be fuck hideous . ( continued ) 9 . 6 continued : 6 SAM rogers it 's gonna get worse before it get better . will emerson really ? SAM rogers much . will emerson get any nicorettes ? I be out of nicorettes , which mean I be gonna kill someone in about 10 minute ... you alright ? SAM rogers my dog be die . will emerson I be sorry ? SAM rogers just speak to the vet , it 's some fuck tumor on she liver . I be pay almost a thousand buck a day to keep she alive . will emerson really ? SAM rogers yeah ... and I do not have a clue what to do about it . they both sit in silence and look out the window . will emerson well they be all go . SAM rogers how many do we have leave ? will emerson thirty - three . SAM rogers make sure everyone be out there , I need to say something . will emerson they be ready for you . will leave SAM in he office . SAM look as if he may not move , then snap out of it . 10 . int . trading floor 7 7 SAM rogers walk out of he office and stand in front of the trading floor that just a hour before have seat 130 people . now just thirty - three be scattered throughout the vast mostly empty space . they all look up in silence at he . Long pause , then SAM be face begin to glow a bit . his posture straighten , he fill up . he speak slowly at first then build . SAM rogers you be all still here for a reason ... most of this floor be just send home ... forever . we have spend the last hour say good - bye ... they be good people and they be good at they job ... but you all be better . now they be go . they be not to be think of again . this be you opportunity . on every floor of this building and in every office from Hong Kong to London the same thing be happen . before this be all do 3 of every ten guy who be stand between you and you boss 's job be now go . that be you opportunity . I have be at this place for thirty - four year and let I tell you that this will not be the last time you go through this . but you all be survivor ... and that be how this firm over 107 year have always continue to grow stronger . so hold you head high ... and get back to work . he look out at they then turn and head back into he office and close the door . int . sam' office - continuous 8 8 SAM fall into the couch and look forward in a deflate daze . his eye no longer believe what he say . ext . investment bank build plaza / STREET level - evening 9 9 eric dale walk out the front door carry the file box . there be other people stream out the door do the same thing . eric stop , turn , and look up at the building then try to make a phone call but he phone do not work as it have be shut off by the firm . he look up to the sky and can not believe he fate . as he look down he see a woman , sarah robertson , serious , classically beautiful and dress in a well tailore power suit with she head down walk into the building . he can not help himself . ( continued ) 11 . 9 continued : 9 eric Robertson ! sarah do not respond . eric ( cont would ) Sarah Robertson ! this time she look up . when she see he she debate if she should stop . she do . he slowly move a little closer to she , still carry the slightly tatter box with he personal belonging in it . eric ( cont would ) you shut off my phone ??? sarah robertson Eric ... I do not do anything . they stare at each other . eric fuck you . they look at each other for a longer beat , both a little shocked that eric be so openly confrontational . she turn and head back inside quickly . eric drop the phone to the ground and walk away . int . trading floor - evening 10 10 most of the remain trader be pack up and get ready to go home or out for the night . peter be sit at he desk hold the portable hard drive . seth be get ready to leave behind he . peter stare down at the drive in he hand try to decide whether to proceed . seth you ok ? peter yeah . just a little freak out . seth you want to get a drink ? peter Nah , I need to clean up a few thing around here . seth everyone be go out ... come on . ( continued ) 12 . 10 continued : 10 peter Nah , I be fine . seth well , give I a call if you change you mind . peter I will . seth come on . peter where be you go ? seth the Grand . peter I will call you when I be do . seth be glad , you be still alive . peter I be . seth walk out and peter put on he headphone , the music kick in again . he pick up the portable hard drive , look around and see no one , then insert it into he computer . he have four large screen in front of he and as he begin open window upon window of mathematical model he face begin to soften and he get into he comfort zone . the frame be fill with the extremely complex program and number fly by . hard CUT : int . veterinarians office animal visitation room - night 11 11 SAM be sit next to the exam table , he dog be on the table lie down very sedate . they both stare forward . int . the soho grand bar - night 12 12 in a lock off shot seth and will be sit on a couch stare forward . figure cross frame and occasionally another banker in the group stop to refill he drink with one of the three bottle in ice bucket on the table in front of they . they be celebrate , but it seem a little force . 13 . int . investment bank trading floor - night 13 13 peter be still work on the number , although he face start to carry a more serious look . he be now wear glass and the number on the screen be reflect in they . the number finally stop move on the screen and then he take he glass off and rub he eye . int . veterinarians office animal visitation room 14 14 SAM be still sit next to he dog on the exam table . int . trading floor 15 15 peter be still in front of he computer , he put he glass back on , look at the screen then quickly pick up the phone and dial . peter ( to himself as he dial ) come on , come on . operator recording the number you have call have be disconnect and be no longer in service . peter fuck . peter hang up the phone . he look back at the screen . then pick up the phone again and dial . int . bar - intercut 16 16 seth hello . peter I can not hear you . seth what . peter go outside , I can not hear you . seth wait ... give I a sec ... ok . int . bar hallway - continuous / intercut 17 17 peter where be you ? ( continued ) 14 . 17 continued : 17 seth lugo . peter be you with will ? seth emerson ? peter yes . seth I think he 's still here . why ? peter you have to go get he , and get back up here . seth where ? peter the office . seth what ! peter I be serious . seth you want I to get we boss 's boss out of a club and bring he back to the office at 10:00 on a Thursday night ? peter we boss just get axed , so technically he be we boss , and yes . seth why ? peter just do it Seth . seth alright , we will be there in ten . fade to black . 15 . int . MAIN trading floor - fifteen minute later 18 18 seth and will walk through the door and into the empty main trading floor . the light be down and there be a clean person vacuume in the far background . they walk over to peter be desk . will emerson hey , look who it be , burn the candle at both end . there be not anymore cut plan though , so you can stop kissing my ass , honestly I do not even understand what you guy do . peter will , I be so sorry to call you back but I really think .. will emerson do not worry about it . seth hey . will be a bit drunk but seth look at peter be face and realize something be up . seth ( cont would ) what 's go on ? peter look at this . seth come around and sit at peter be desk . peter ( cont would ) Eric give I this file before he leave . seth Eric ? peter Dale . and he tell I he could not quite figure it out , then the last thing he say as the door on the elevator close be `be careful ' . will emerson be careful ? peter so I be obviously a little curious . so I get into it a bit and I realize that all he be miss be ... well it 's not good . ( continued ) 16 . 18 continued : 18 seth look at the screen and start to scroll through the page . seth what be he do here ? peter go to model four , and it make more sense . seth oh. will be now pay closer attention , stand over they shoulder . will emerson what be this ? peter this be basically everything that we have on we book at any give time . but what Eric be try to do here be work it for level of volatility that fall outside the limit of we standard var model . will emerson what be that level . peter well it 's a fairly complicated ... will emerson simplify . peter the volatility boundary be basically set use historic pattern then stretch they out another 10 - 15 % ... roughly . will emerson so what 's happen ? seth we be start to test that historic pattern . will emerson when ? peter start scrolling back through the last couple week on he screen ( continued ) 17 . 18 continued : ( 2 ) 18 peter today . seth Tuesday . peter Monday , last Friday , last Wednesday and Monday . seth two Fridays ago . will emerson I get it . seth scroll the final page on the graph . seth fuck I ... once this thing get go in the wrong direction ... peter yeah ... seth it 's huge . will emerson how huge ? seth the loss be great than the current value of the company ...? peter project loss ... project ... seth fuck I . peter yeah . will emerson wait , and this be just we floor ? peter yeah ... they all look at each other long and hard . will emerson where the fuck be Eric Dale ? ( continued ) 18. 18 continued : ( 3 ) 18 peter I can not find he , they cut off he phone . will emerson what ? will start off towards he office and be suddenly quite sober . peter and seth follow he . peter they turn off everyone 's phone who they axed today . will emerson Fucking ruthless . and he 's get no other cell ? peter no . will emerson how do he not have he own cellphone ? peter I try , it 's be turn off . int . will emerson's office 19 19 will emerson I think I have he home number . peter you be go to call he house ? will emerson yes ... do we even know if he 's right ? will look at peter and seth stand in front of he desk . peter it seem pretty fuck right to I . seth it do . the phone start ringing . we never see Mrs. Dale but we can just make out she response through the receiver . will emerson hello , Mrs. Dale ?... this be will emerson call ... I be fine , thanks . I be wonder if Eric be there ?... yes , we try but he cell do not seem to be work ... ( more ) ( continued ) 19 . 19 continued : 19 will emerson ( cont would ) ok , could you have he call I the moment he get home , the moment he arrive ? thank you very much . will hang up the phone . will emerson ( cont would ) where the fuck be he ? seth do not he have like three kid ? will emerson so ? seth I be just say , would you go home ? will emerson I know where he be . you two need to go get he . peter now ? will emerson yes . will write the address on a piece of paper . hand it to they . will emerson ( cont would ) there will be a car wait for you downstairs . get he back here . peter what be you go to do ? will emerson I be call Sam . peter fuck I . will emerson go. fade out . fade in : 20 . int . SAM rogers ' car - 10:45 pm 20 20 SAM rogers be drive in he car home from the vet try to stay awake when he blackberry start ringing next to he . he look down at it , then out to the road , then decide to answer . SAM rogers it 's 11:00 at night ? int . will emerson's office - intercut 21 21 will emerson I know I be sorry . I would not have call ... SAM rogers what 's the problem ? will emerson I think you need to get down here . SAM rogers what ? will emerson Sam ... SAM rogers it 's 11:00 o'clock . will emerson I be well aware of the fuck time , Sam . but you need to see this . SAM rogers see what ? will emerson well ... SAM rogers email it to I . will emerson I do not think that be a good idea . will be last word hang in the air . SAM rogers I be on my way . 21 . int . backseat of a black lincoln town car 22 22 seth and peter sit in the back of the plush car as it struggle through traffic up town . seth reach into he bag and pull out a large beer in a black paper bag . they conversation be quiet , as if they be afraid someone might be listen . seth you want one ? peter no . peter give he a bit of a look . seth what , we get they on we way to meet you at the office ... we do not know what the fuck you want to talk about ... ( almost to himself ) ... think you might have get some chick pregnant or something . peter I have not get laid in so long that 's not possible at this point . seth I guess that 's true . peter look out the window at all the people on the street enjoy the Thursday night . peter look at this people . seth what ? peter we be in here stress we fuck head off that the world as we know it be end , and they have get no idea what 's come . seth be demeanor sit and drink a beer do not seem to project much in the way of stress . peter ( cont would ) right ? seth I try not to let work get to I . ( continued ) 22. 22 continued : 22 peter I have notice that about you actually . seth look , we be twenty three year old ... peter twenty -seven . seth whatever , same thing , I make almost a quarter of a million dollar last year ... for what ... push some number around on a computer screen , so a bunch of glorify crack addict could take that information and pretend to understand it , and then make a bet against some other jock half way around the world who if he be not do this would probably be in some otb somewhere put it all on number seven . and at the end of the day one guy lose and the other guy win . peter continue to look out the window in silence for a long beat . then with a little sly humor and a smile to seth : peter you do know it 's a little more complicated than that ? seth be phone start play a ring tone . he look down at the text . seth it 's will ... he want to know if we have find he ? what do I tell he . peter tell he that we have not find he . int . trading floor 23 23 SAM rogers come through the door from the elevator look quite dishevel and walk across the long and empty trading floor . he look around , then head over to will emerson be office where the light be on . int . will emerson's office -continuous 24 24 SAM lightly knock on the glass . SAM rogers hey . ( continued ) 23. 24 continued : 24 will emerson hey . SAM look at will for some hint of what be go on , then eventually put he coat down and sit into a chair . they wait for who go first . SAM rogers so ? will emerson Eric Dale ... SAM rogers oh Jesus ... will emerson before he be escort out of the building by security ... SAM rogers I have nothing to do with that . will emerson I know . SAM rogers I be sorry , go on . will emerson so as he be leave the building he hand a disk to Peter Sullivan ... SAM rogers who 's Peter Sullivan again ? will emerson one of Eric 's guy . SAM rogers right . will emerson ... and tell he that he be almost on to something but have not be able to figure it out . so he give he the disk and say give it a try ... but the last thing he say as the door to the elevator close be `be careful ' ... SAM rogers be careful ? ( continued ) 24 . 24 continued : ( 2 ) 24 will emerson yeah . SAM rogers be careful ? will emerson yes . SAM rogers why ? will emerson well ... take a look . SAM rogers speak , you know I can not read that fuck thing they put together . will emerson basically the kid dive right into the thing after you little pep talk , nice job by the way , and he seem to have nail it . SAM rogers naile it ? will emerson the kid figure out what Eric be miss . and ... SAM rogers and ? will give he a long pause . will emerson ... it be not good . will be look get SAM up and he come over to stand behind will at he desk and look at the computer . will emerson ( cont would ) as far as I can tell this here be the historical volatility index limit ... which I guess we whole fuck trading model rely on pretty heavily ... and we be so fuck lever up that if this thing start get outside that limit it get ugly in a hurry . SAM rogers how ugly ? ( continued ) 25 . 24 continued : ( 3 ) 24 will emerson Real ugly . SAM rogers and how close to that limit have we get ? will emerson oh we be beyond close ... we break through five or six day over the last two week , but we have manage to stay on the upside of it ... for now ... SAM rogers for now ? will emerson well look what happen here when we get on the wrong side of it . SAM rogers what be I look at ? will take he finger and point at a red number with a whole lot of zeroe after it . SAM be look say it all . will emerson and that would not even be that bad a day for we ... historically speak . SAM rogers be this right ? will emerson I do not know . SAM rogers where be Eric ? will emerson we shut he phone off . SAM rogers of course we do . will emerson and he have not come home yet , I speak to he wife . SAM rogers he 's probably cry in a fuck beer somewhere . ( continued ) 26 . 24 continued : ( 4 ) 24 will emerson or worse . SAM rogers where 's the kid who do this ? will emerson out look for Eric . SAM rogers do we think he know what he 's do ? will emerson I do not know . what do I know ? SAM rogers well get he back here . int . upscale cabaret club on the upper east side - continuous 25 25 peter and seth be sit at the bar each with a drink face camera . there be woman dance in the background and one dance in front of they , peter and seth look up occasionally . peter what now ? seth we should probably tell will he 's not here . peter yeah . they both just continue to look forward and sip they drink . seth what do you think this girl make in a night ? peter Seth . seth 1500 ? peter keep look forward . seth ( cont would ) 2000 ? fuck. that 's .... all thing consider , that 's not bad . eventually seth be phone start to ring . he pick it up . ( continued ) 27 . 25 continued : 25 seth ( cont would ) will ?... no , no , we ask and no one 's see he . they exchange a look and slam they drink . CUT to : ext . the towncar in traffic 26 26 this time they be really stick in traffic , the car be not move at all . int . backseat of a black lincoln towncar 27 27 eventually the car start move , and seth be phone start buzzing with a text again . seth he 's freaking out . we need to get down there . they look out into the city . finally seth reach into he bag and take out the forty in the paper bag and start drink the beer again . he take a big sip . seth ( cont would ) what 'a you think Rogers make in a year ? Long pause . peter I have no idea ? seth come on , play along . peter I do not know what year ? seth last year . peter Three quarter of a million buck ? seth come on . peter what ? ( continued ) 28 . 27 continued : 27 seth not even close . peter more ? seth yes . peter a million ? seth will emerson make two and half million buck last year . peter fuck you . seth look at he show he be serious . peter ( cont would ) fuck you ! seth he do . peter how do you know that ? seth he tell I . peter he just tell you that ? seth well I ask he . peter do you think that 's true . seth probably . peter that 's fuck up . seth why ? peter do that seem right to you ? ( continued ) 29 . 27 continued : ( 2 ) 27 seth right ? peter Jesus . seth so what do you think that mean Rogers put away ? peter I have no idea . they both just look straight forward , seth take a big gulp of the beer . peter ( cont would ) this fuck traffic . we should have take a the subway . int . trading floor elevator bank - fifteen minute later 28 28 the door of the elevator open and peter and seth look up as will emerson and SAM rogers be stand in front of they about to get onto the elevator . will and SAM be now dress with fresh shirt , tie , and suit and look as if they be ready to start a new day even though it be almost one in the morning . seth be still hold the forty in the paper bag . will look at it . they share a glance smile . will and SAM step into the elevator keep the guy in it . will emerson gentlemen ? SAM rogers you be come with we . seth will . Mr. Rogers . will emerson Sam this be Seth bregman and this be Peter Sullivan . seth sir. int . elevator - continuous 29 29 SAM rogers guy . ( continued ) 30 . 29 continued : 29 they all stand in silence as the elevator head up until : peter will ? will emerson yes ? peter where be we go ? SAM rogers go to get a second opinion on you work Peter . peter and seth look at each other , grow more concerned . the door open and they exit . int . hallway by jared' conference room - continuous 30 30 seth look for somewhere to throw out he beer but can not find a trash can . they follow SAM and will down a long hallway that be crowded with assistant cubicle . eventually they turn into a small conference room that have no window . it be claustrophobic . int . jared' conference room - continuous 31 31 there be four people sit at the table . they stand . everyone say they somber hellos and shake hand . all present slight hellos , etc . they all sit down and at each place set there be a pad of paper , a pencil , and a empty binder . sitting at the head of the table be jare cohen . he be a blond boyish look 43 year old , although carry himself with intense confidence . he be the head of all fix income security , and oversee roughly 25,000 employee . next to he be he chief risk management officer , sarah robertson , the same woman from outside the building earlier who have the run in with eric . next to she be she right hand man ramesh shah , a sixty year old number cruncher and next to he be a firm lawyer . they be all dress sharply for a new day . Long silence . seth cough . all present look down at he . jare cohen so Sam , what do you have for we ? ( continued ) 31 . 31 continued : 31 SAM rogers well ... it should be here in a minute . find someone in the copy room at this hour be a little bit of a challenge . jare cohen well why do not we start by introduce everyone then . SAM rogers ok . jare cohen this be Sarah Robertson who you know , we chief risk management officer , ramesh shah from upstairs , and David horn one of the firm 's in house counsel . SAM rogers Nice to meet you all . this be will emerson my head of trading , and this be ... will emerson Peter Sullivan , and Seth bregman . they work in we risk department . jare cohen where be Eric Dale ? SAM rogers he be let go today . jare cohen look at sarah robertson as it would have be she call to let eric go , she nod yes . jare cohen so who 's leave in you risk department ? will emerson as of today that would be Peter and we junior analyst Seth ...? everyone look down the table at peter and seth . they inexperience glare back . jare cohen really ? jare look back at sarah , then the room go silent again . finally a copy room staffer knock on the door . copy room guy will emerson ? ( continued ) 32 . 31 continued : ( 2 ) 31 will emerson here . please just give one to everyone , thanks . the copy room guy hand out the packet to everyone in the room . SAM rogers so apparently Eric have be work on this for some time but be unable to finish it , as he be leave the building today he give the program to Peter here , and tell he to see what he think . Peter figure a few thing out that Eric seem to be miss and this be what come out . jare cohen where be Eric Dale now ? SAM rogers he 's be unreachable since he leave the office . jare cohen and the other open up the printout in front of they and start review . SAM , will , peter , and seth just sit in awkward silence stare at the other side of the table as they all read . this go on for a full very long minute . finally : sarah robertson Peter this be you work ? peter mainly Mr. Dale 's ... sarah robertson but this draft be yours ? peter yes. again , derive from Mr. Dale 's original model . but yes . sarah robertson and what be you background ? peter background ? sarah robertson you cv . ( continued ) 33. 31 continued : ( 3 ) 31 peter I have be with the firm for two year work with Eric that whole time ... but I hold a doctorate in engineering , specialist in propulsion , from MIT , with a bachelor from Penn . jare cohen what 's a specialty in propulsion ? peter well ... in laymen term my thesis be a study in the way that friction ratios effect steering outcome in aeronautical use under reduce gravity load . Long silence . jare cohen so you be a rocket scientist ? the whole table look over at Peter with some awe . peter um ... I be ... yes . jare cohen how do you end up here ? peter well it 's all just number really , you be just change what you be add up ... and if I may speak freely the money be considerably more attractive here . jare look down again at the number in front of he and he tone suddenly switch to serious , testy even . jare cohen what time be it ? ramesh it 's 2:15 . SAM and jare just look at each other in silence for a bit . jare cohen what do you have in exposure right now , tonight ? SAM rogers I do not know ... between 900 and 1.3... roughly . ( continued ) 34 . 31 continued : ( 4 ) 31 ramesh if Mr. Sullivan 's number be correct ... ramesh look down at the sheet in front of he to go through the number and take a beat too long . peter 1.215 trillion . ramesh check he number . ramesh yes . jare cohen fuck I ... fuck I ... and I be guess by the fact that you two have not say anything that the math check out ? jare look over at sarah and ramesh . sarah then look to ramesh . she look back . sarah robertson look we would need a little more time to go over this , but Mr. Sullivan here seem to know what he 's do . and I do not have to tell you that this be a problem . jare cohen thank you for that . what time be it ? ramesh 2:16 . jare cohen fuck I ! Jared stand up and walk around the small room . the rest of the room go silent . finally : jare cohen ( cont would ) Sam how long under normal operation would it take you people to clear that from we book ? SAM rogers what ? jare cohen the 1.2 trillion . SAM rogers all of it ? ( continued ) 35 . 31 continued : ( 5 ) 31 jare cohen yes . SAM rogers I do not know , a couple week ? jare cohen week ? SAM rogers yes . but as you certainly know we business be sell and buy . it do not work for very long without both component . if we suddenly stop buy for a day or two that just do not hide under the rug , it get out and this whole this thing come to a end ... and right quick . jare cohen I understand . SAM rogers do you ? jare cohen how many trader do we have leave between you floor and petersen' ? SAM rogers I do not know , sixty . ramesh have be look down at the number while this conversation have be take place . ramesh Jared I have just be look here a little closer , and it 's this var number that be really set this thing off . jare hold up a hand to interrupt ramesh . Jared nod he head , he eye be perfectly still but he brain be racing . jare cohen Excuse I , I need to make a quick call . jare calmly stand up and step out of the room for a long moment . the room stay completely quiet the whole time he be go . we hear nothing . it be awkward to say the least . he come back in and sit down without miss a beat . jare cohen ( cont would ) please ... ( continued ) 36 . 31 continued : ( 6 ) 31 ramesh I be just say , and just speak completely off the record here , it will not be long before someone else start put this in and see the exact same thing we be look at here . if they have not already . pause . jare cohen understood ... and Sarah , what value would you allow to be place on that asset that might be leave on the book , if they have to be ? sarah robertson why would they still be on the book ? SAM rogers because suddenly no one want to buy they . jare cohen oh fuck you Sam ... give I a fuck break , all at once ? sarah robertson without a active market , it could take week , month for I to value they correctly . you would have to go block by block . SAM rogers it 's a very simple business Jared . you and I talk about this last year ... jare turn around suddenly and cut he off . jare cohen Sam .... will , Peter , and ..?? seth Seth . jare cohen Seth , could you please excuse we for a few minute . they stand up and start to exit the room . jare cohen ( cont would ) oh and Peter ? who else have see this ? ( continued ) 37 . 31 continued : ( 7 ) 31 peter think that through . peter no one ... besides we here . jare cohen and Mr. Dale . peter yes . jare cohen and can it really be that we do not know where Eric Dale be ? will emerson I be afraid so . his wife tell we he have not come home yet ... and the firm shut off he phone today . jare cohen perfect . well , I need to know where he be . will , seth , and peter leave the room and close the door behind they . int . corner outside jared' conference room - continuous 32 32 they cross the hallway and sit on a bench stare out the window . they talk very quietly . seth Jesus fuck Christ ! who be that guy ? will emerson he 's Sam 's boss . seth he look like he 's fifteen year old . how old be he ? will emerson he 's like forty . peter how do that happen ? will emerson oh it happen all the time . except to I . kid 's a fuck killer . peter what be they talk about ? ( continued ) 38 . 32 continued : 32 will emerson it be not pretty . seth what be not pretty ? will emerson if people suddenly stop buy the shit we be sell .... they all look out the window . Long pause . will emerson ( cont would ) you guy smoke ? well , you should . int . jared' conference room 33 33 SAM rogers Jared you can not do what you be think about do . jare cohen what if we do not have a choice ? SAM rogers what do that mean ? fuck you ... you do not have a choice . jare cohen fuck I ? have you look at this number Sam ?? SAM rogers yes , but what the hell do I know . jare cohen come back over to the table and pick up the packet . jare cohen well , Mr. shah tell I if I be wrong but to I this number do not add up . ramesh if I may I would like to take some time before we ... sarah robertson Jared we can not answer that yet . jare cohen be you fuck kid I ... this be exactly what we have ... sarah now cut he off abruptly . ( continued ) 39 . 33 continued : 33 sarah robertson we need a little time before we can give you we conclusion . sarah close the issue off with another look to jare . jare cohen ok . we meet in 45 minute . ramesh Sam , do you have this file ? SAM rogers yes , here it be . SAM slide he the hard drive across the table , they all take a second to follow it . jare cohen and Sam we need Eric Dale , it 's make I very uneasy know he be out there right now want to put a knife in we back while he 's not even aware he 's hold the knife in he hand . sarah and ramesh leave the room as SAM be leave alone with jare . SAM rogers what be you go to do ? jare cohen not sure . SAM rogers be you go to call he ? they both look at each other for a long beat . finally . jare cohen I already do . SAM put he hand on jare be shoulder briefly . they part . 34 omitted 34 omitted 35 35 ext . rooftop - continuous 36 36 they walk over towards the edge . it be a very clear night . seth Jesus . ( continued ) 40 . 36 continued : 36 peter wow . will emerson yeah . seth shit , that 's a long way down . will emerson yeah , it be . they sit down on a girder , then light up . will be look and tone become a little darker as they all stare out into the night . Long pause . int . jared' floor elevator bank 37 37 sarah and jare wait for the elevator alone in silence . the door finally open and they get in . int . elevator - continuous 38 38 still not a word . finally . sarah robertson be this really where you want to be take this at this point ? jare cohen I be sorry ? sarah robertson we do not even know if he 's right . jare cohen how long should this take you to confirm ? sarah robertson not long . silence except for the ding as it come to the floor and the door open . jare cohen ok they part . ext . rooftop - continuous 39 39 they be all still smoking and look out over the city . finally will stand up and go over to the edge and look over . he jump up and sit on the edge . ( continued ) 41 . 39 continued : 39 peter careful . seth Jesus man . will emerson do you know the fear most people feel when they stand on the edge like this be not actually a fear that they will fall but instead it 's the subconscious fear that they might jump ? .... it 's a fear of lose faith . seth well that 's a little deep and depress , thank you . will emerson yeah well , I can get a little dark sometimes . seth will , come on . get down . will jump down and come back over to sit down . they stare out again . will emerson not today ! ( beat ) so it look like they be gonna have we dump this shit . seth what ? will emerson yeah , you watch . seth how ? peter a trillion buck ?? will emerson I be just say . peter how would they even do that ? ( continued ) 42 . 39 continued : ( 2 ) 39 will emerson you can not ... it 's impossible . but they ' will figure out a way . I have be at this place for ten year and I have see some thing that you would not believe ... and when all be say and do ... they do not lose money . they do not care if everyone else do , but they will not . Long silence . seth will ? will emerson yeah ? seth do you really make two and half million buck last year ? will emerson yeah ... I do . peter what do you do with all that money ? will emerson I do not know really . it go pretty quick . you learn to spend what 's in you pocket . seth two and a half million go quickly ? will emerson well the tax man take half of it up front . so now you get what ... million and a quarter . mortgage grab another 300k , I give 150 to my parent to live off , so now you get what ?? peter eight hundred . will emerson I buy a car last year for 150 . probably another 100 eat ... 25 on clothes , put 400 away for a rainy day ... seth smart. ( smile ) ( continued ) 43. 39 continued : ( 3 ) 39 will emerson and what 's that ? peter 125 leave . will emerson take a long drag off he cigarette . will emerson I spend 76,520 dollar on booze , dancer , and whore . peter 76,520 ? will emerson yeah , kinda shocked I , although I be able to write most of it off , as entertainment . with that he flick he cigarette over the edge of the building just as a massive corporate helicopter come sweeping up from behind the building and come right over they head . they be now yelling above the rotor noise . peter seth whoa ! whoa ! will emerson ( cont would ) what time be it ? seth 3:30 ! will emerson oh , here they go . they be bring in the cavalry ! we better get down there . int . jare cohen' corner office - continuous 40 40 jare and SAM be sit in the office silently look out the window . the office be very large and have a full sit area with two couch . jare be intensely go over the papers in front of he . SAM be just look out the window . SAM rogers how old be you ? jare cohen 43. ( continued ) 44 . 40 continued : 40 SAM rogers Jesus ... jare stop read with a deeply aware look and just stare out the window as well . jare cohen this be a very ... very bad dream . SAM look over at he directly . SAM rogers I do not know , seem like we actually may have just finally wake up . sarah robertson come to the door . SAM sit up . sarah robertson hello . jare cohen come in . SAM rogers how do we look ? her look say it all . SAM rogers ( cont would ) I should go . sarah robertson no , you should stay . jare cohen so ? sarah robertson ( dead calm delivery ) it 's all legit ... the kid kill it . the formula be worthless . they all look at each other as if they have see a ghost . jare cohen what do you mean ? sarah robertson it 's break . jare cohen there be eight trillion dollar of paper around the world rely on that equation ?? ( continued ) 45 . 40 continued : ( 2 ) 40 sarah robertson we be wrong . jare cohen you mean you be wrong . sarah robertson do not even start .... this be discuss . SAM rogers I be head to the conference room . sarah robertson no . jare cohen I would like you to hear this . SAM rogers no ... I do not want to hear this . SAM stare at they both . SAM rogers ( cont would ) how do you think I have stick around this place so long . he walk out of the room . sarah and jare look each other over . jare cohen I have call tuld . sarah robertson be there a contingency plan here ? jare cohen a contingency plan ? sarah robertson yes . jare cohen we go all in on this one . sarah robertson so we have get ourselves quite expose here ... have not we ? jare cohen to tuld or the market ? sarah robertson both . ( continued ) 46 . 40 continued : ( 3 ) 40 they both stare at each other . Jared 's phone buzze . he take it out and he face say it all . sarah robertson ( cont would ) he 's here . his face say yes . Sarah walk out . Jared stand up and straighten he tie in the reflection of the window . he exit . int . outside jared' office - continuous 41 41 track shot of Sarah and Jared walk through cubicle . 42 int . freight elevator hallway - continuous 42 they cut through a short cut near the freight elevator . will , peter , and seth be come down the stairway from the roof . will emerson we be just grab a cigarette on the roof and a very spiffy look helicopter dive - bomb we and then land . jare cohen I know . come with we . where 's Sam . will emerson I do not know . do you want all of us&gt ; jare cohen yes . jare usher the whole group towards the conference room . int . other hallway - continuous 43 43 all five walk in silence . finally , jare cohen just one piece of advice to everyone here before we go in there ... this could get a bit ugly but whatever you do ... just ... tell the truth ... do not try to change a word of it , no sugar coating ... no one here be smart enough ... include the rocket scientist . he continue on . 47 . int . elevator bank outside jared' conference room - 44 44 continuous the guy be take aback because stand right outside the open elevator door be a very well dress page and a female executive assistant who be also dress perfectly for the day ahead . assistant Mr. Cohen ? jare cohen yes . assistant this way . they be already in there wait for you . jare cohen ok . int . ceo' executive boardroom - continuous 45 45 they come through glass door and enter a massive conference room with a commanding view of the city . it be fill with people along one side of the table . there be a team of five lawyer , three compliance officer , a couple of key board member , twelve in all . on the near side of the table sit ramesh shah surround by empty chair all alone . the head of the table be empty . they all file in and sit down . they all sit in silence ... wait . finally from a side door JOHN tuld come walk into the room . he be dress in a average suit and tie , be not tall , late fifty and do not have a hair on he head . he carry himself without much exception . his eye however tell a far different tale . intense even at rest . he walk the length of the room , everyone half stand up . JOHN tuld please sit down . he then seat himself at the head of the table . everyone in the room have the printout in front of they . jare be seat immediately to he leave , then SAM , then sarah , ramesh , will , peter , and finally seth . JOHN tuld ( cont would ) welcome everyone . I must apologize for drag you all here at such a uncommon hour but from what I have be tell this matter need to be handle urgently , so urgently in fact that it probably should have be address week ago ... ( more ) ( continued ) 48 . 45 continued : 45 JOHN tuld ( cont would ) but that be spilt milk under the bridge . so why do not someone please try to explain to I what 's the problem here ? everyone look around the room a bit and finally jare speak up . jare cohen well , Mr. tuld as I mention earlier if you look here at the top page of this printout ... he cut he off . JOHN tuld Jared , it 's a little early for all that , how bout in English ? ... actually I would like to hear from the guy who put this thing together ... Mr. Sullivan be it ? do he speak English ? jare cohen Sir ? JOHN tuld I would like to speak to the analyst who seem to have stumble across this mess . jare cohen well , that 's Peter Sullivan here . jare look down the table to peter , as do everyone else in the room . jare give he a go ahead look . peter sir. JOHN tuld ah , there he be . peter yes sir . JOHN tuld how old be you Mr. Sullivan ? peter I be twenty - seven sir . JOHN tuld please call I John . peter yes sir . ( continued ) 49 . 45 continued : ( 2 ) 45 JOHN tuld so Mr. Sullivan why do not you tell I what you think be go on here , and please speak as you might to a young child or a golden retriever , I do not get here on my brain I can assure you of that . peter be very nervous . peter well , sir . as I guess you may or may not know I work for Mr. Rogers here as a associate in the risk assessment and management office at mb JOHN tuld now you lose I at m ... peter sorry ... JOHN tuld I be joke Mr. Sullivan . peter yes ... well as you probably know over the last 36 - 40 month the firm have begin package new mb product that combine several different traunches of rating classification in one tradable security . this have be very profitable as I imagine you notice . JOHN tuld I have . peter well the firm be currently do a considerable amount of this business every day . the problem , which be I guess why we be here tonight , be that it take we ... the firm ... almost a month to layer this product correctly thereby pose a challenge from a risk management standpoint . JOHN tuld and Mr. Sullivan that challenge be ? peter we have to hold this asset on we book longer than we might ideally like to . ( continued ) 50 . 45 continued : ( 3 ) 45 JOHN tuld yes . peter but the key factor be this be essentially just mortgage , so that have allow we to push the leverage considerably beyond what you might be willing , or allow to do in any other circumstance , thereby push the risk profile without raise any red flag . JOHN tuld and how far have we push that profile tonight Mr. Sullivan ? peter we have push it to 1.215 trillion dollar ... at mb alone . JOHN tuld give or take . peter give or take . JOHN tuld now Mr. Sullivan what I be guess , and give I a little rope here , what I be guess that you report here say be that consider the , shall we say bumpy road , we have be on the last week or so that the number that you brilliant co - worker up the line ahead of you have come up with in the past do not seem to make much sense anymore consider what 's take place today ? peter actually not take place today but what 's already take place over the last two week . JOHN tuld so what you be say be it 's already happen ? peter sort of . JOHN tuld and Mr. Sullivan what do you model say that mean for we here ? ( continued ) 51 . 45 continued : ( 4 ) 45 peter well , that 's where it become a projection . but ... peter look down at jare for approval to go forward . JOHN tuld you be speak with I Mr. Sullivan . peter well ... sir ... if that asset be to decrease by just 25 percent , and remain on we book ... well ... that loss would be great than the current market capitalization of this company . the room go silent . JOHN tuld look at peter long and hard . he then stand up and go over to the window and look into the city . JOHN tuld so what you be tell I Mr. Sullivan be that the music appear to be about to stop and we be go to be hold the biggest bag of stinking shit ever assemble in the history of capitalism ? everyone look back at peter . JOHN tuld ( cont would ) Mr. Sullivan ? peter well sir , I be not sure I would put it that way but let I clarify use you analogy , what this model show be the music , so to speak , just slow , if the music be to stop , as you put it , then this model would not be even close to that scenario . it would be considerably worse . JOHN tuld well let I tell you something Mr. Sullivan . do you want to know why I be sit here in this chair with you all , why I get the big buck , so to speak ? peter yes . JOHN tuld I be here for one reason and one reason only . ( continued ) 52 . 45 continued : ( 5 ) 45 JOHN tuld continue to look out over the city for a long beat . JOHN tuld ( cont would ) I be here to guess what the music be gonna do a week , month , a year from now . that 's it , nothing more ....... and I be afraid ... stand here tonight ... that I do not hear ... a... thing ... just silence . the room fall completely still for at least half a minute . then JOHN tuld spin around quickly with a considerably more upbeat tone and look up and down the table . JOHN tuld ( cont would ) so , now that we know that the music have stop , what can we do about it ? Long silence . JOHN tuld ( cont would ) Mr. Cohen , Ms. Robertson , I be afraid this be where you be suppose to step back in . Lord know we relied enough on Mr. Sullivan today . jare and sarah come to attention and gather they thought . JOHN tuld ( cont would ) what have you get for we ? Long pause . JOHN tuld ( cont would ) what have I tell you since the first day you walk into my office ? ( pause ) that there be three way to make a live in this business ... be first , be smarter , or cheat . well I do not cheat , and even though I like to think we have get some pretty smart people in this building of the two remain option , it sure be a hell of alot easier to just be first . the room go silent again as Mr. tuld stare back out the window . jare cohen sell it all today ... JOHN tuld smile just a bit . then turn . JOHN tuld be that even possible Sam ? ( continued ) 53. 45 continued : ( 6 ) 45 SAM look across the room at JOHN tuld , they have know each other for 35 year . SAM rogers it be , but at what cost ? JOHN tuld I will pay . SAM rogers really ? JOHN and SAM look and read each other . JOHN tuld I think so . SAM rogers almost a trillion buck of paper ? JOHN tuld where do it come back to we ? SAM rogers everywhere . JOHN tuld Sam , I do not think you seem to understand what you boy down here just say ... if I make you ... how would you do it ? SAM rogers look down at the table for a long , long , beat . SAM rogers you bring the trader in for they normal 6:30 meeting and you be honest with they , they be gonna know it 's the end either way , so you would have to throw they a bone , and a pretty big one . you would have to come out of the gate storming ... 40 percent do by 10:15 and 70 percent of you position need to be go by eleven , cause by lunch the word will be out . no swap , no nothing , and by two o'clock you will be get 65 cent on the dollar , if you be lucky , and the fed will be in here look up you ass and try to slow we down . JOHN tuld ramesh ? he look to ramesh shah down the table . ( continued ) 54 . 45 continued : ( 7 ) 45 ramesh they will slow you down but it 's yours to sell . they can not stop you . SAM rogers John ... let 's just say we pull that off , which be say something ... the real question be ... who be we sell this to ? JOHN tuld the same people you have be sell this to for the last two year ... and whoever else will buy it . they look at each other to see if they understand each other . SAM rogers if you do this you have kill that market for year . it 's over . JOHN tuld ( nod . ) SAM rogers and you be sell something you know have no value . JOHN tuld ( cut he off cold ) we be sell to willing buyer at the current fair market price , so that we may survive , Sam . SAM rogers you will never sell a thing to any one of they again . JOHN tuld I understand . SAM rogers do you ? JOHN tuld do you !!! this be it , Sam , this be it ! the rest of the table be take aback and just watch they go at it . silence . JOHN tuld ( cont would ) it 's 4:00 ... Jared you have get till 5:00 to break this down and draw I up a plan . ( more ) ( continued ) 55 . 45 continued : ( 8 ) 45 JOHN tuld ( cont would ) be there anyone else who actually know what 's in there right now , block by block ? peter Eric Dale . JOHN tuld where be Eric Dale ? sarah robertson as of today he be no longer with the firm . jare cohen we have be try to locate he . JOHN tuld so he be just out there with this information ? jare cohen ( nod yes . ) JOHN tuld look down the lawyer side of the table to a secret service look guy . JOHN tuld carmelo ? louis carmelo yes . JOHN tuld get I Eric Dale here by 6:30 . louis carmelo done . JOHN tuld ok , meet back here in a hour . everyone stand up and begin to scatter . JOHN tuld ( cont would ) Sam ... let 's talk . JOHN tuld lead SAM through the back door . int . ceo' anteroom - continuous a45 a45 they be now alone look out over the city as the light from the soon to be rise sun be start to show on the horizon . Long silence . ( continued ) 56 . a45 continued : a45 JOHN tuld Hell of a town be not it ? SAM rogers never really do it for I actually . JOHN tuld really ? SAM rogers always be kinda a grass and tree guy . JOHN tuld I have always love this place . ever since I arrive . everything about it . SAM rogers I can not say I feel that about anyplace actually . JOHN tuld be you go to be able to come on board here Sam ? they look at each other . SAM rogers I be not sure John . this be really ugly . JOHN tuld you and I be salesmen Sam , we sell . that 's what we do . it 's not complicated . SAM rogers exactly . and you damn well know that you do not make a sale unless you think the guy be gonna come back for more , and tomorrow we be do . JOHN look out and then over at SAM and decide whether or not to proceed . JOHN tuld this be it Sam . SAM rogers you keep say that , what be that suppose to mean ? JOHN tuld it 's the big one . most of we be not gonna make it out of this one . ( continued ) 57 . a45 continued : ( 2 ) a45 SAM rogers we ? JOHN tuld the street . SAM rogers what be you talk about ? JOHN tuld this will not be the last `situation ' I will be have this week . it 's just the start . SAM rogers it 's only the start because we be start it . JOHN tuld maybe . but I do not think that 's true , not this time . the number just do not add up anymore . SAM rogers well I agree with you there , I have be say that for year . JOHN tuld I mean if this kid can come up with this ...? SAM rogers I do not think I can go in know what I know and put the hammer down on this guy like this . JOHN tuld oh please , when do you become so soft . SAM rogers fuck you soft , you be panic . the word panic slap JOHN tuld in the face . he then calm . JOHN tuld if you be the first one out the door Sam , it 's not call panic JOHN tuld stare aggressively at SAM . SAM rogers look , I obviously do not have all the information that you do . but I think this could destroy this firm . ( more ) ( continued ) 58 . a45 continued : ( 3 ) a45 SAM rogers ( cont would ) you will never be trust again . you be knowingly put people out of business . full stop . JOHN tuld turn away from SAM and head over to a phone . JOHN tuld you let I take care of that . SAM head out the door . int . ceo' greet lounge - continuous 46 46 Sam head into the hallway where everyone be mingling . he walk over to will , peter , and seth . will emerson how would that go ? SAM rogers this be a fuck shit show . will emerson they be go to do it ? SAM rogers probably . will emerson Jesus . SAM rogers remember this day boy , remember this day . SAM walk out of the room . a assistant come into the room . assistant gentlemen , there be some breakfast down the hall if you guy be hungry . will look at the guy . will emerson Seth , someone be go to have to get breakfast . and let 's face it , it 's you . int . ceo' top floor elevator bank - continuous 47 47 jare be wait for the elevator again as sarah walk up and wait with he in silence . there be a housekeep person stand next to they as well . the door open , and all three get in . 59 . int . elevator - continuous 48 48 sarah robertson so what 's the strategy here ? jare cohen that 's where I be head right now , downstairs to work on it with my guy . sarah robertson no , you and I ... with tuld . jare cohen I be not sure we need one , Sarah . that 's not the way I have ever do this . sarah robertson ( with distinct sarcasm ) please . jare cohen he know where we both have stand on this all along . there 's nothing more to do . this push a button with she . sarah robertson that 's exactly my point , and know what be discuss by both you and I with he , I do not see how that can possibly you with anything but a false sense of comfort . jare cohen I be not look for a sense of comfort here , Sarah . I do not think there be one to be find . the elevator door open and the housekeeper get off . Sarah walk after she , but turn to tuld first . sarah robertson so again , what 's the strategy here ? jare cohen on this particular front , I be just not sure there 's much leave to do . sarah look at he try to judge the situation . int . jared' floor elevator bank - continuous 49 49 sarah hold the door open . ( continued ) 60 . 49 continued : 49 sarah robertson it 's very simple . do not even think of fuck I on this one , because if we be go down ... you damn well know its go to be together . Jared look at she for a long beat . jare cohen no , I be not sure I do know that . the door close . int . will emerson's office 50 50 will be sit at he desk with a large plate of food eat . seth and peter be sit on the couch . seth be stuff food in he mouth while peter eat nothing . seth what do you think tuld make last year ? peter would you shut the fuck up . will speak with food in he mouth . will emerson 86 mile . in salary and bonus . peter really ? will emerson yeah , it 's public record . seth that 's a lot of fuck money . will emerson he be worth a billion . peter be ? will emerson before today . seth really ? will emerson you will see . ( continued ) 61 . 50 continued : 50 peter .... I think I be go to go get a coffee , do anyone need anything . will emerson ( slight head shake no . ) peter I need a little real air . seth probably a good idea . peter will , be that alright ? will emerson alright ? peter if I get out of here for a minute ? will emerson yeah . be you kid ? it 's not a prison . do you want I to hold you hand ? Peter exit . will 's phone ring . will stare at it and finally pick it up . we only hear he part of the conversation . will emerson ( cont would ) will emerson ... yes ... oh thank you ... I understand ... ok . SAM come to the door of will be office . he look at everyone 's face . SAM rogers what ? will emerson that be Eric 's wife . he 's alive , he 's home . he do not want to talk to we . and he do not know she call I . they all look to SAM to see what to do . SAM rogers where 's he live ? will emerson the height . SAM rogers look at he watch . ( continued ) 62 . 50 continued : ( 2 ) 50 will emerson ( cont would ) should we call tuld 's guy ? SAM rogers no ... it 's Eric ... the last thing we need be that guy go over there , you two go try to get he . SAM point to will and seth . SAM rogers ( cont would ) but you have get to be back here by 6:00 . will emerson ok . int . sarah robertson' office 51 51 sarah be sit behind she desk look down at something . JOHN tuld come to the door and knock lightly . she look up surprised to see he . JOHN tuld May I come in ? sarah robertson please , sit . JOHN tuld close the door and sit in front of she desk . look around , then look right at she . JOHN tuld so ... we be go to do this thing . sarah robertson ok . JOHN tuld it 's go to be tight . sarah robertson be Sam on board ? JOHN tuld not yet . tuld pause . JOHN tuld ( cont would ) Sarah , I need a head to feed to this trader ... and the board ... this morning . sarah look up . ( continued ) 63. 51 continued : 51 sarah robertson be it I or Cohen ? JOHN tuld it 's you . they stare at each other , she do not flinch . sarah robertson of course you be well aware I filter several warning for you and Cohen over a year ago on this ? JOHN tuld I be not sure that 's the best path for you to be take at this point ... you be go to be take care of here ... sarah robertson ( nod ) JOHN tuld obviously it 's quite complicated . sarah robertson John I be tell that in no uncertain term ... JOHN tuld it be all a very grey area . sarah robertson it be actually make very clear at the time , by you and I and Cohen . JOHN tuld I would really prefer that you do not fight I on this ... tuld pause , they look at each other . JOHN tuld ( cont would ) we all fuck this one up pretty good ... sarah robertson yes . JOHN tuld we need you to stay here till this be all do and the market close . sarah robertson I understand . ( continued ) 64 . 51 continued : ( 2 ) 51 JOHN tuld they will go over the number with you downstairs ... good luck . JOHN tuld look at she . there be a security person stand at the door who be wait for she as he get up and walk out . int . parking garage , basement of office build - night 52 52 will and seth be sit wait for will be car to be bring up . as they wait they see jare cohen come out of the elevator and walk towards they . seth ah fuck , it 's Jared . he 's come this way . will what do wonderboy want ? will stand up and walk over to jare . jare cohen do you have a minute ? will we be head to get Eric Dale . jare cohen I know . I just need a second . they walk away from seth . will what be it ? jare cohen tuld and I have concern that Sam may not be willing to step up and do the right thing here . will look around the garage , than back at jare . will I do not think that 's ever be a problem . jare cohen of course it have not , but during acute situation , such as this , often what be right can take on multiple interpretation . ( continued ) 65 . 52 continued : 52 they look at each other for a long beat as will size up the question . in the background the squeal of tire on concrete be hear . will Sam will step up . jare cohen I know he will ... but if he do not ... as the question stand unfinish will 's convertible fly into frame down a ramp and pull up next to jare and will . the attendant get out and before will have a chance jare hand the attendant a tip . jare then look back at will who be wait to get in the car . jare cohen ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) but if he do not , we need to know that you will . will that I will what ? jare cohen step up . will climb into the car and shut the door . he look at jare through the open window with seth now sit next to he within earshot . will I have no doubt Sam will make the right choice . and if it make you feel any better he and I have always have the same interpretation of what 's right ... no matter how acute the situation . will put the car in drive and pull out of the garage leave jare stand there . int . trading floor - morning 53 53 the floor be totally empty . slow guitar music play . the camera glide along the empty floor scan over the many different empty trading station and the hundred of computer screen . it turn the corner and then finally enter SAM be office . int . sam' office - continuous 54 54 he be totally asleep . he have headphone on and look like he could be dead he be so pass out . the music suddenly change pace and the volume change startles he up . he look around . ( continued ) 66 . 54 continued : 54 he take the headphone off , music stop . he finally stand up and mildly limp he way out the office int . hallway by trading floor bathroom - continuous a54 a54 Sam mildly limp down the hallway into the mens room . int . trading floor mens room - continuous 55 55 SAM rogers come across the room and over to the sink to wash he hand . he look in the mirror , and then decide to wash he face as well . he stare at himself in the mirror . the water drip off he face . he look old . just then the door open and JOHN tuld walk into the room . he do not go to use any of the facility . he stop and look to talk to SAM . JOHN tuld there he be . SAM rogers John . SAM walk over and take a towel to wipe off he hand and face . finally he look up . SAM rogers ( cont would ) so what 's it look like John ? the line be deliver a bit too lightly for JOHN tuld be like . JOHN tuld Cohen have do a nice job . it can work . SAM rogers what do that mean ? JOHN tuld it mean , as you very well know , that you be a very important piece of this puzzle . they look directly at each other . JOHN tuld ( cont would ) here . JOHN tuld hand SAM a single piece of fold paper . SAM open it and look at it . SAM rogers that 's very generous . ( continued ) 67 . 55 continued : 55 JOHN tuld it 's not a gift . I need to know you be with I on this . SAM rogers I be with the firm John . JOHN tuld be now take a far more forceful stance , almost block the doorway . JOHN tuld I will not get what I need out of you boy today unless they believe you ... unless they believe in you completely . he stare at SAM . JOHN tuld ( cont would ) be you in ? SAM rogers I tell you I have my reservation . JOHN tuld well you can not have any reservation . they both stare at each other . JOHN tuld ( cont would ) and I need to know now . SAM look down at the floor then at the piece of paper in he hand , then long and hard at JOHN tuld . SAM rogers I be with the firm completely John , as I always have be . Excuse I . SAM slightly move JOHN out of the way and then he exit , the door close . ext . CITY street - morning 56 56 there be a haunt blue light bounce through the building . peter be walk through the street with mid-size headphone on he ear . the music be all we hear . he wander around the almost completely empty city and the further he walk the less he face change . ext . CITY STREET - STREET cart - morning 57 57 peter finally stop to get a coffee at a small street cart . he take off he headphone to pay and the music stop . the wind blow . ( continued ) 68 . 57 continued : 57 coffee guy one fifty . peter thank you . peter turn around and start walk but as he look up he see the figure of a woman come towards he . it be immediately obvious that he know she . he stop and she keep slowly walk towards he . they stop in front of each other squarely . lucy hey ... peter hi . it 's really good to see you . she have a very sweet face but look tired . she appear to be a bartender or something , she be not dress for banking . lucy you too . you look tired . peter I be . lucy what be you do here ? peter I never leave work . just have to get out for a walk . lucy you be still work there ? this cut he a bit , why would not he be ? peter yes , of course ... lucy oh. I think ... peter how be you ? be you happy ? you look happy . lucy I be . ( continued ) 69 . 57 continued : ( 2 ) 57 peter well , I should get back ... how 's you father ? she be pleasantly surprised by this gesture . lucy he 's good . thanks for ask . peter ok . be safe . he start to leave . lucy hey ... you get any inside tip for he ? this stop peter dead in he track . his world tighten yet clarifies . finally . peter sell . she look at he with concern as he do not even hint at a smile as he say this . they then give a small kiss on the cheek , and part . int . sarah robertson' office - day 58 58 sarah be sit at she desk stare out the window . she calmly get up and walk over to the door and slowly close it . then she reach out and twist the blind on the glass wall separate she office from the floor give herself total privacy . she walk over to she desk and sit down . she reach over and grab a box of tissue , methodically prepare to cry , almost like a surgeon prepare to work . she sit at she desk still seemingly calm and collect . her face start to tweak just a little , but it just will not give way . again she try . and again . she can not cry . she can not believe it . the deeply tragic look of total failure flood she eye but still hardly a twitch on she face . still no tear . finally she make a force noise like a sob , but it be not real and she know it . then she try to laugh to herself , she try again to laugh , but it too be not real . she do feel something , but she simply and very sadly can only openly express even to herself ... nothing . I /e. will convertible - eric' townhouse - day 59 59 will and seth pull up in front of a very nice large townhouse . they both look up at the house dread go in . seth Jesus , nice place . ( continued ) 70 . 59 continued : 59 will emerson he just buy it . seth I hope it be with cash . will emerson you be such a prick , and it be not . seth I think I should stay here . will emerson get out of the fuck car . seth I just do not think it would be appropriate . will emerson appropriate ? get the fuck out of the car . seth really ? will emerson you be probably right ... and do not touch any of the fuck button . ext . eric dale' townhouse in brooklyn height - day 60 60 will get out of the car and walk slowly up the stair . he be about to knock on the door when from behind he he hear eric come walk up the block . he be still in he work clothes and it look like it 's be a long night . eric what be you do here ? will emerson Peter finish that model you be work on . eric really ? will emerson it 's create a bit of a shit storm . eric yeah , I bet . will emerson do you want to see it ... the model ? ( continued ) 71 . 60 continued : 60 eric no . will emerson really ? eric no . but I be pretty sure what it say . will emerson do you think he 's right ? eric I be sure he 's right . they both sit down on the stoop . will emerson Jared Cohen call a emergency meeting of the partner tonight . John tuld have decide to liquidate we entire position . eric look over at will will emerson ( cont would ) today . eric be face do not show much emotion . but he be surprised and sincere . eric well , I be very sorry to hear that . will emerson they want I to get you back there , they be worried about you be out here . eric ( with pleasant disgust ) please . will emerson I be just say . eric ( cut he off cold ) not a chance . will let it sit for a few beat . will emerson this be serious shit Eric . ( continued ) 72 . 60 continued : ( 2 ) 60 eric you do not think I know that . I have be warning that cunt Robertson about this shit since last March . will emerson well ... eric fuck she ... fuck she . will emerson look ... eric I sign my papers man , I be out . they have get nothing on I anymore . will emerson they will pay ... eric look over at will . will let he know with a look that they mean real money . eric I have already be pay enough by they . eric look back out onto the empty street . eric ( cont would ) do you know I build a bridge once ? will emerson I be sorry ? eric a bridge . will emerson no , I do not . eric I be a engineer by trade . will emerson well ... eric it go from dille bottom , Ohio to moundsville West Virginia . it span 912 foot over the Ohio river . steel through arch design . 12,100 people a day use the thing . ( more ) ( continued ) 73. 60 continued : ( 3 ) 60 eric ( cont would ) it cut out 35 mile each way of extra drive to get from wheeling to New martinsville . that 's a combine 847,000 mile of drive a day ... and 25,410,000 mile a month and 304,920,000 mile a year save . now eric be mind be racing and he be add up number as he go . eric ( cont would ) I complete that project in 1986 ... 22 year ago . over the life of that one bridge that 's 6 billion ... 708 million ... 240 thousand mile that have not have to be drive ! at let 's say ... 50 mile a hour that 's 134,164,800 hour ... or 559,020 day ... so that one little bridge have save the people of that two community a combine 1531 year of they life not waste in the car ... give or take . will emerson Jesus . eric one thousand , five hundred , thirty - one year ... will emerson fuck ... they sit and let it sink in . eric that 's what I do . ( beat ) look ... you better get back over there . will emerson yeah . eric crazy shit . will emerson true . dump the whole fuck motherload in one day . fucked up . well ... alright . eric thanks for stop by . ( continued ) 74 . 60 continued : ( 4 ) 60 will emerson no problem . will look out down the street as a black towncar come pull up to the house . eric who the fuck be this ? will emerson I would guess it 's the firm 's people . eric what ? will emerson tuld do not want any loose end . eric they fire I will . fuck they ... fuck they . will emerson just come back with they , take the bonus , and you be home tonight by five . either that or they be go to fight you on everything , the package , the option ... eric drop he head . will walk down the stair as the town car stop in front of Eric 's house . the window be tinted , but they know who it be . will walk around to he car . will emerson ( cont would ) you be a better man than I . eric well that 's always be true . will emerson yes it have . eric see ya . will be about to climb in he car . will emerson the house look great by the way . eric thanks . ( continued ) 75 . 60 continued : ( 5 ) 60 will emerson and Eric ... do not beat yourself up too bad over this shit . eric yeah . will emerson who the fuck know . eric nod . will emerson ( cont would ) some people like drive the long way home . he get in he car and drive away . int . will emerson's convertible - day 61 61 will and seth be drive slowly towards downtown Manhattan which span up and out in front of they through the windshield . there be a long silence , and finally . seth so , be I get fire ? will emerson I do not know . very long pause , then he look over at seth and decide whether to tell the truth . will emerson ( cont would ) probably ...yes ... almost definitely . seth be you ? will emerson no . this clearly hit seth but he recover quickly . seth oh. will emerson it 's not personal , you be just in the wrong place at the wrong time , the young guy be always the first to go . nothing I say be gonna make you feel any better . ( continued ) 76 . 61 continued : 61 seth I get it . seth look over at will and around at the interior of the luxury car and then back into the city . seth ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) when do you know this be what you want to do ? he think that through . will emerson the first time I make 36 million dollar for the firm in the last eleven minute of the trading day . seth fuck I . will emerson it be a perfect trade ... I see it come from three day away . I take my time . I be in , I be out ... pish posh ... and it be beautiful . seth how do you learn to do that ? will emerson I be not sure , and whatever it be it could be go tomorrow . will look out again at the city then to seth . will emerson ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) look man I be sorry about this . seth do not be , you be not do it to I . will emerson I know ... but I be still sorry . at least you will have some decent cash to walk away with . seth only if we can get this do , right ? will emerson we will get it do . seth how ? ( continued ) 77 . 61 continued : ( 2 ) 61 will emerson I be try to figure that out right now . seth there be not really enough willing buyer out there right now . will emerson I be try to think of every last one of they I can and then I will make they willing . this line sit there for a minute and will look out onto the city . seth be you ok with that ? will emerson I be about to completely fuck guy I have be do business with for fifteen year so no I be not exactly ok with it . but look , every last one of they would do the same thing to I in a second ... so it be what it be . seth I guess . and what about everyone else ? will emerson everyone else ? seth normal people . will emerson what be you a socialist ? fuck I Seth . will look over at seth , size he up , look to see if he have what it take . will emerson ( cont would ) look , if you want to do this with you life , and do it well , you need to believe that you be necessary . and you be . if people want to live like this ... with they big car and this house that they have not even pay for . then you be necessary . the only reason they can continue to live like king be because we have get we finger on the scale in there favor . and if I be to take my finger off ... ( more ) ( continued ) 78 . 61 continued : ( 3 ) 61 will emerson ( cont would ) then the whole world get really fuck fair , really fuck quickly . and no one want that , they say they do ... but they do not . they want what we be give they , but they also want to play innocent and pretend they have no idea how we get it . and that 's more hypocrisy than I can swallow . so fuck they . Long look out at the city ahead . will emerson ( cont would ) and tomorrow if this all go south they will crucify we for be reckless , but if we be wrong and everything get 's back on track . they will be laugh they arse off at we for be the biggest bunch of pussy that God ever let through the door . he be try to convince himself as much as seth . they both look out the window . seth be we gonna be wrong on this one ? will look into the sea of skyscraper that now tower above they . will no ... they be all gonna get fuck . CUT to : ext . STREET level plaza - day 62 62 peter be still walk around on the street with the music play . he cross a large open windswept corporate plaza . as he approach the building he see SAM rogers stand in front have a cigarette . he walk towards he and then finally decide to take off the headphone . the music stop and the wind kick in . peter hello . SAM rogers Peter . ( silence ) you want one ? ( continued ) 79 . 62 continued : 62 peter I do not smoke . but peter hold he place comfortably . SAM rogers that 's good . I do not much either . peter it 's kinda beautiful out right now . they both look out . slow pace . SAM rogers yeah , I guess it be ... ( almost surprised ) I have never really like this town much . peter how long have you be here ? SAM rogers forty year . peter I think it 's beautiful . the whole place . forty year , that 's something ... be you tired ? SAM rogers of what ?... remember I do not work as hard as you do . peter that 's not true . SAM rogers no it be , actually . Long silence . peter be we all get fire after today ? SAM look out and think about it for a while . SAM rogers probably . peter they be go to fire you ? ( continued ) 80 . 62 continued : ( 2 ) 62 SAM rogers that 's not what they will call it , ... it will be a mercy kill really . SAM look at peter . SAM rogers ( cont would ) you do not have to stand out here for I . peter I do not really want to go back in there just yet . SAM rogers I understand that . Long beat . peter I think I know you son . SAM rogers really ? peter yeah . not well ... but , he always seem like a nice person . SAM rogers he be a nice person . a taxi honk and fly by . SAM rogers ( cont would ) I guess you could say alot worse about a guy . peter have you tell he what 's about to happen ? they look at each other to check the nature of the question . SAM rogers what do you mean ? peter this whole thing . SAM rogers no ... I have not even think of it . peter I guess it 's illegal anyway ? ( continued ) 81 . 62 continued : ( 3 ) 62 SAM rogers yeah ... who the fuck know anymore .... and even if it be you would sure as hell never get catch . peter he 's already pretty rich anyway though right ? he do not need the help . SAM rogers laugh quietly . SAM rogers that 's very true . peter he work with a friend of mine . SAM rogers he 's a hell of alot richer than I , I know that much . peter but you be taller . laugh again . SAM rogers that 's true . it 's not much ... but it 's something ... what do you father do ? peter he 's a doctor . SAM rogers really ? peter eye . SAM rogers now that 's something . peter yeah ... it be . SAM rogers do he want you to do that ? peter no , never . SAM rogers oh. ( continued ) 82. 62 continued : ( 4 ) 62 peter he be always a pretty miserable guy actually ... another helicopter be hear overhead landing on the building . Peter look up . peter ( cont would ) they be all come in now . SAM rogers yes they be . peter have you ever do anything like this before ? SAM rogers no ... never .... not even close . SAM take a deep drag off he cigarette . peter oh ... SAM rogers yeah . peter look down at he watch , then think about what to say next . peter do you really think this be the only ... or the ... right thing to do ? SAM rogers for who ? peter I be not sure . now SAM look around and think . SAM rogers I be not either . peter so this be gonna make a pretty big mess of it , then ? SAM rogers I do not even want to think about it . ( continued ) 83. 62 continued : ( 5 ) 62 peter yeah . SAM rogers just do not quite seem ... take another long drag . peter I know . SAM rogers ( very slightly shake he head . ) peter well . I guess we should get back . SAM rogers yeah . they both stand in place for a long beat then finally turn and head into the building . int . lobby entrance - continuous 63 63 the camera follow they through the long marble lobby . through security . they comfortably do not talk to each other the entire time till they get into the elevator . int . elevator - continuous 64 64 stare ahead in silence . SAM rogers well good luck , you know , in the future ... seem like you will probably be just fine . peter thank you . the door open . fade to black . fade in : int . executive bathroom stall 65 65 a very tight shot of seth sit fully clothed on the toilet with the lid on . he be cry very , very intensely but almost silently . he put he head in he hand and just once or twice let out a loud noise . ( continued ) 84 . 65 continued : 65 eventually someone come into the room and he hear the person go over to the sink and start run water . seth try to stop himself from cry . eventually he accept that the guy be not leave and he come out of the stall and walk over to the sink . jare be stand in front of the mirror with he shirt off shave . his new shirt and tie be on a hanger next to he . seth walk up to a sink next to he and it be very obvious that he have be cry . he undoe he collar and start to wash he face . finally jare speak . jare cohen you alright ? seth send he a dagger of a look through the reflection in the mirror . seth you just fire I . jare cohen I be sorry ... seth this be all I have ever want to do . jare cohen really ? seth yes ... this hit jare just a touch . jare cohen I be sorry . jare do up he tie perfectly look at seth again in the eye . then walk out . int . executive quarantine room - day 66 66 sarah robertson be sit in a club chair stare out the window . the coffee table in front of she have a huge spread of fruit and cheese and pastry . she be not eat . she sit and stare . eventually the door behind she open , and a security guy walk in with eric . security guy they be almost ready for you Ms. Robertson . couple of minute . security guy leave the room . eric look over at sarah then sit in the chair near she . silence . ( continued ) 85 . 66 continued : 66 eric you as well ? sarah robertson yes . eric Jesus . sarah robertson yeah . eric I be sorry . sarah robertson thank you ... Sam and the rest of you floor be go after today as well . eric really ... and Cohen ? sarah robertson no ... still here . eric of course ... Long awkward pause . Eric look around for something , anything to talk about . eric ( cont would ) be you still dating that tall guy ... from the Christmas thing ? she look over at he with a slight smile , give he credit for try to break the ice . sarah robertson no . eric he be very tall . sarah robertson 6'7 ' ' ...... eric ( quietly ) wow . silence . ( continued ) 86 . 66 continued : ( 2 ) 66 sarah robertson I do pass on you concern last year ... just so you know . eric it do not matter . sarah robertson it do . the door swing open and a catering person come in roll a cart with another large tray with more food on it . she place it on the table next to the other food . the abundance be overwhelming . sarah robertson ( cont would ) thank you . the caterer leave . eric look around . eric have they take all the phone out of this room ? sarah nod yes . eric ( cont would ) Jesus . paranoid fuck . sarah robertson yeah ... I do not think they be go to be able to get you back here . eric stand up and go over to the window . eric they tell I they be go to drag I through hell on everything from my option to healthcare over the next two year or I come back and make ... ( he look up and do a little math in he head ) $ 176,471.00 a hour to sit in this room quietly ... it be not much of choice . sarah robertson it never be . eric go back and sit in the chair . sarah robertson ( cont would ) obviously look back , the point be express with insufficient urgency ... ( more ) ( continued ) 87 . 66 continued : ( 3 ) 66 sarah robertson ( cont would ) but you point be pass on ... I need you to know that . eric ok . sarah robertson Eric . eric I understand , there be nothing you could do . now sarah question herself . sarah robertson I guess ... at the time ... it do not seem like there be much of a choice . eric it never do . they both look at each other with miniscule smile , then out the window onto the city , defeat . Long silence . sarah robertson you have kid , yeah ? Long pause as he let she alone . eric what be you package go to look like ? sarah robertson I do not know , that 's what I be wait for now . eric should be pretty good , no ? sarah robertson it better be . fade in : int . VIP trading room - 6:30 am 67 67 there be 40 young , 90 % male , trader jamme into the conference room next to the trading floor talk very loudly with one another . they be oblivious to what be about to happen . eventually , SAM , will , jare , and a firm lawyer , come into the room . everyone quiet down a bit . ( continued ) 88. 67 continued : 67 will emerson alright , hey ... ( whistle ) . they go silent as they notice SAM stand at the head of the table . jare and the lawyer be stand off in the corner just to observe . SAM look somber . SAM rogers thank you all for come in a little early this morning , I know yesterday be pretty bad , I wish I could say that today be go to be less so but that be not go to be the case . now I be suppose to read this statement here to you all but how bout you read it on you own time and I will just tell you what the fuck 's go on here . the lawyer look at jare then they look at SAM , he continue . SAM rogers ( cont would ) I have spend the night here meeting with the executive committee and the decision have be make to begin to unwind a considerable portion of the firm 's holding in several key asset class . the crux of it be ... in the firm 's think the party be over as of this morning . there be go to be considerable turmoil in the market for the foreseeable future . they believe that it be better to have this turmoil begin with we ... as a result the firm have decide to liquidate the majority of its position of fix income mb today . a assistant start hand out info packet to each of the trader in the room . SAM rogers ( cont would ) you should be get a breakdown right now , you will see the account you be responsible for today . I be sure it have not take you long to understand the implication of this sale on you relationship with you counterparty and as a result on you career . I have express this reality to the executive committee and they understand . as a result , if you be able to complete a 93 % sale of you asset you will receive a 1.4 million dollar one off bonus . ( more ) ( continued ) 89 . 67 continued : ( 2 ) 67 SAM rogers ( cont would ) if the floor as a whole be able to achieve a 93 % sale we all get a additional 1.3 million a piece . because of this , if you burn through you allotment by noon , get move around the floor and start pick up other guy leftover ... SAM stop for a second and look around the room . SAM rogers ( cont would ) for that of you who have never be through this before , this be what the beginning of a fire sale look like . I do not have to tell any of you that the first hour and a half be go to be very important . I want you to hit every bite you can find . dealer , client , broker , and you mother if she 's buy ... and obviously no swap , its outgo only today . this be obviously not the way any of we would like for this to be go down , but the ground be shifting below we foot , and there appear to be no other way out . SAM look around the room again , person by person and see that they indeed know what need to be do . SAM rogers ( cont would ) obviously ... this be a very unique situation ... if we be successful today we will have be successful in destroy we own job ... I can not promise that each of you will be reposition within the firm , but I can tell you that I be very proud of the work we have do together here , I have be at this here for 34 year , and I know ... from experience people be go to say some nasty stuff about what we have do here , and what you have devote a portion of you life to . but have faith that in the great picture we skill have not be waste , we have accomplish much , and we talent have serve some great good ... he look down at the ground , then back up around the room . then he walk out . fade to black . 90 . int . trading floor - 8:20 am 68 68 there be a very quiet energy on the floor . a low murmur . then a hush fall over the floor as people pass on the info that the ceo , JOHN tuld be about to come onto the floor . he appear at one end of the floor and it fall silent . JOHN walk dramatically into the middle of the floor and then into the middle of the row in the dead middle of the floor . he look around and stand in let the drama build . then he climb up onto the desk and look out onto the floor like a general . JOHN tuld by the end of today almost everyone else in the world , include I , will have considerably less money than they begin the day with ..... you , in this room , be the exception . you will leave here today richer . you will fire the first shot , I wish it do not have to be , but at time the market must eat its weak , and you all ... be not the weak . we must strike quick , with no doubt , if you hear pause on the line , attack . by noon the SEC be go to be in here get in you face , sniff around , you let we take care of they and you just keep go . we own what we be choose to sell today and there be nothing they can do about it . 107 year ago this firm be found , today we secure we place for next 107 . you have get two minute before we get start . let 's finish this , so we can get on to the next one ... JOHN tuld climb down from the table . SAM , who be stand off to the side , walk along the entire floor slowly and then head into he office . int . SAM roger' office - continuous 69 69 he shut he door as the bell ring and he office go almost silent . through the glass you see the trading floor go wild , then he walk over to he desk , turn around and stare into the four large computer screen as the chart and graph begin to move . we just see the back of he head . int . investment bank trading floor - day 70 70 several actual individual trading sequence throughout the day . 91 . int . SAM roger' office - 4:02 pm 71 71 the market have close . SAM sit , stare at he computer . there be a knock on he door . he turn and as it open we hear the sober beginning of a quiet celebration . he look up and jare cohen be stand in he doorway . jare cohen well do . SAM rogers they do alright . jare cohen I want to give you a head up . they be go to start send some people home out here . SAM rogers now ? jare cohen ( he nod yes ) sorry . no loose end . SAM rogers of course . jare cohen for what it 's worth , you be good ... guess somebody upstairs must really like you . SAM stand up and walk past jare without another word . int . trading floor hallway - day 72 72 he head down the hallway and pass the heather and lauren bratberg from the open scene who be return with box to lay off more people . SAM head off towards the elevator . int . senior executive dine room - moment later 73 73 the room have ten table formally set that line a long wall of floor to ceiling window with a commanding view of the city beyond . the room be empty except for JOHN tuld sit at the last table . tuld look a little surprised to see SAM but wave he down . SAM approach . JOHN tuld Sam , please sit . congratulation be clearly in order . SAM rogers we guy do what they could . ( continued ) 92 . 73 continued : 73 JOHN tuld you do a hell of a job today , and I thank you for it . sit , excuse I for eat but it 's be a long day . can I get you anything ? SAM rogers no , no thanks . they just sit in silence for a long beat as tuld take a few more bite of he meal . tuld so what can I do for you ? SAM rogers I want out . tuld I be sorry ? SAM rogers I be do , I want out . tuld it 's be a very difficult day , for everyone . SAM rogers I need you to release my option , that be if they be still worth anything after today , and I need the bonus . I be out . tuld you will get the bonus , the option , and keep you current base , but I need you to stay with I for another 24 month . o.k ? they look at each other , SAM seem to know it 's not actually a question . SAM be a shell of himself as tuld take another hearty bite of he meal . he finally look up . tuld ( cont would ) for God 's sake man put a smile on you face , you do some good today , you say so yourself . I be start to feel a little better about this whole thing . you be one of the luckiest guy in the world , you could have be digging ditch all this year ... SAM push back he chair , stand , and prepare to leave . ( continued ) 93. 73 continued : ( 2 ) 73 SAM rogers that 's true , and if I have be at least there would be some hole in the ground to show for it . I be just not quite sure how we fuck this thing up so badly . this push tuld a bit too far . he also sense he may be lose SAM . he drop he fork , and he tone change . tuld Jesus , when do you start feel so sorry for yourself , it 's unbearable ... what , you think we may have help put some people out of business today ? that it 's all just for naught ? well you have be do that everyday for almost forty year Sam . and if all this be for naught then so be everything else out there . it 's just money , it 's make up , a piece of paper with some picture on it so we do not all kill each other try to get something to eat . but it 's not wrong and it 's certainly not any different today than it 's ever be . ever. 1637 , 1797 , 1819 , `37 , ` 57 , `84 , 1901 , `07 , 1929 , ` 37 , ` 73 , and 1987 ... God damn do that motherfucker fuck I up good , 92 , 97 , 2000 , and whatever this be gonna be call . they be just the same thing over and over . we can not help ourselves , and you and I can not control it , stop it , slow it , or even ever so slightly alter it ... we just react ... and we get pay well for it if we be right ... and get leave by the side of the road if we be wrong . there 's always be and there 's always gonna be the same percentage of winner and loser , happy fuck and sad sack , fat pig and starve dog in this world ... yes there may be more of we today ... but the percentage ... they always stay exactly the same . they stare at each other for a long beat and then tuld look down and take another bite . he chew . he look up again . SAM rogers I will do it John , but not because of you little speech , but because I need the money . I be not sure how it could possibly be after all this year , but I need the money . ( continued ) 94 . 73 continued : ( 3 ) 73 they both look at each other again , then look over and see jare cohen walk down the dining room aisle with peter sullivan next to he . SAM rogers ( cont would ) you be keep the kid ? JOHN tuld keeping he ? he 's get promote . it 's all hand on deck now Sam , there 's go to be a lot of money to be make come out of this mess , we be go to need all the brain we can get around here . they look at each other one last time then SAM start walk away and as he pass peter he just give he a slight nod . very slow fade to black : over black : we hear the sound of someone digging in dirt with a shovel . fade in : ext . very upscale old growth suburban NYC backyard - 11:00 pm 74 74 fade up on SAM rogers stand in a hole in the backyard digging . next to he be a large black medical - look bag . he continue to dig . eventually the flood light from the house come on and the whole back yard light up . then the door open and a woman in she fifty wear a bath robe and slipper come out onto the deck . it be sam' ex - wife . mary rogers . she squint towards the back of the yard . mary rogers hello ! ... I have call the police . SAM stop digging and look up and lean on the shovel handle . SAM rogers Mary . mary rogers Sam ? SAM rogers yup . mary rogers what be you do ? ( continued ) 95 . 74 continued : 74 she come down off the deck and walk across the lawn up next to the hole . mary rogers ( cont would ) what be you do ? SAM rogers ella die . mary look down and see the large canine body bag . mary rogers oh god. SAM rogers tumor on she liver . it be horrible . mary rogers well I be very sorry . SAM rogers yeah ... I really love that dog mary rogers I know , but Sam you do not live here anymore . SAM rogers I be drive home from the vet and this be the only place I could think to bury she . this be where she belong ... she look at he deeply . mary rogers well . you should have call . SAM rogers I know . mary rogers be you alright ? you look terrible . SAM rogers yeah . tough day all around . mary rogers I hear , sammy call . SAM rogers be he alright ? ( continued ) 96 . 74 continued : ( 2 ) 74 mary rogers he say they get hammer , but get out alive . SAM rogers good , I be go to call he this morning ... but ... mary rogers well , I be go to go back in to bed . the alarm be on so do not try to break in . ( Sam smile ) well , you take care of yourself . SAM rogers be it alright if I finish up here ? mary rogers yes . mary walk back across the lawn into the house and turn off the light . SAM start back in digging the ditch and start hum a song . he keep digging as the song he be hum then kick in with the full version . fade to black . the end