the iron lady written by abi Morgan author 's note : reference to " present " mean the undifferentiated year of the recent past ( not 2011 ) . int . shop . no chester square . london . present . dawn . the hum of a large refrigerator just audible over the sound of indian music - margaret , briefly glimpse ponder carton of milk . the electronic peep of the cash till . a man on a mobile phone push past margaret , who take she place second in the queue . the female shopkeeper pile newspaper on the counter in front of margaret . distract by image of the bomb hotel on the tv , she hesitates for beat . man behind the counter one forty - nine please . margaret how much be the milk ? man behind the counter forty -nine pence . ( take the change ) thank you . margaret turn to leave , jostle by a tall young man wire into a ipod . ext . STREET . chester square . london . present . dawn . margaret head down the busy street , shopping bag in hand . int . kitchen . chester square . london . present . day . margaret sit at breakfast with she husband denis , sip tea . denis butter he toast . margaret shake she head . margaret too much . much too much butter . denis I like butter . margaret milk 's go up . 2 margaret reach for a jug , pour milk into it , slide it down on a table . margaret ( cont 'd ) 49 p a pint . denis good grief ! we will have to economise . I suppose we could always sell the car . ( chuckle ) or take in pay guest ! he scoops up the newspaper and glance towards the door - denis ( cont 'd ) watch out . she 's on the prowl . margaret look beyond denis to a a sense of grow commotion . a concerned police guard come up the stair meeting JUNE [ early 60' ] margaret 's carer , along a distant corridor , steady on the approach . margaret ( to denis ) eat you egg . JUNE smile with visible relief on see margaret , now sit tapping open she egg . JUNE goodness ! there you be . JUNE 's look of quiet concern . margaret yes . margaret eat she egg . margaret ( cont 'd ) here we be . but for JUNE , she be entirely alone . int . corridor chester square . present . day . whispering - JUNE I do not understand how it happen , how could she possibly have get out ? it 's very very important - margaret look out of the kitchen . her Pov down the corridor of JUNE and the policeman and a cleaner . 3 JUNE ( cont 'd ) please just make it really clear . who 's on after you ? police guard dixon . margaret slip away . int . hall . chester square . day . margaret hurry through the hall . int . bedroom . house . chester square . london . present.day . a wide cupboard - margaret 's eye move back along the rail in front of she , she finger touch hanger after hanger of brown tweed and grey twill . JUNE go over to the curtain , pull they back , let in the sunlight - JUNE beautiful day . oh , you have make a start . Carol 's come soon , I will get some bag . anything you want to go to Mark , I will bring up a suitcase for it . the smell of smoke linger . suddenly denis ' hand reach across , waver between jacket of brown tweed and grey twill - he reach for a suit . margaret no no no no . the grey . denis ( o.s ) you sure ? the swipe of a clothes brush , briefly see , draw across one sleeve - margaret yes . distant footstep - margaret ( cont 'd ) ... definitely the grey . JUNE return , oblivious - 4 denis ( o.s ) righty ho . boss know best . JUNE spy the newspaper , see the photo of twisted carnage on the front page . denis ( cont 'd ) do not let she take my paper away . JUNE reach one hand out to scoop it up in pass - margaret oh , I have not have a chance to look at that yet , dear . JUNE sorry . JUNE hesitates , leave the newspaper rest on the bed as she head off with the suit on a hanger . denis atta-girl . denis smile as he stand in the bathroom doorway , soap he face with shave cream - he hum to himself as he resume shave until - denis ( o.s ) ( cont 'd ) damn . margaret look up , denis have nick he chin - margaret blot it ... blot it .. she turn , see JUNE , through the ajar door , stand in the corridor , look back at she JUNE sorry ? int . drawing room . chester square . london . present . day . a comfortable draw room , fill with the photograph and memorabilia of a former political life . margaret stand by the window , half a dozen of denis ' tie in she hand . pull back the net curtain , margaret peer out - two policeman stand down below next to a Police BMW car . they be lose in conversation , point to the door , clearly concerned . 5 one police man nod to the other , a sense of the change of the guard as he drive off in the BMW . suddenly from behind - denis now look what you have do . be they to keep the loony out or you in ? margaret eye denis , look at she with wry smile - denis ( cont 'd ) I will be off then . margaret wear you scarf . there 's a chill out there . suddenly loom over she and grin down as if at the top of a tunnel susie , margaret 's personal secretary carry a cardboard box . susie good morning Lady thatcher . be you alright ? ( concerned ) how be you feel ? margaret I be fine , thank you susie . susie I have just be read about the bombing . margaret yes. frightful . susie 's mobile go off . she fumble in she bag to switch it off . susie sorry . susie ( cont 'd ) this be the book for you to sign . I bring as many as I could find . shall we go through you appointment ? margaret look at she still nonpluss . susie ( cont 'd ) we say we would go through they today . 6 margaret nod - margaret yes , of course , dear . today . susie the invitation have come from down Street for the unveil of you portrait . I will put it on the mantelpiece , and there 's a invitation from Lord armstrong for lunch on the first Friday of next month . the murmur of susie 's voice , a kind of white noise - susie ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) I say no because you have get a concert that afternoon but if you would like to ..? silence - susie ( o.s ) ( cont 'd ) .... it look like a very interesting programme . margaret 's listen , oddly distract - margaret what be they play ? susie look at she momentarily at a loss then scrabble back through the diary - susie I think they say Rogers and hammerstein . `shall we dance ' from ` the king &amp ; I " suddenly breaking through as if from another time carrying into .... int . sadler' well . london . 1950 . night . a orchestra in full flight - a programme for the king &amp ; I on a woman 's lap . a man 's hand reach in and she hand slip into he . int . drawing room . chester square . london . present . day . whilst susie shuffles through the arrangement at the desk in the background , margaret stand at the window . 7 margaret silly man . margaret 's gaze , see denis just visible in the street below . he look up , smile , margaret ( cont 'd ) he have not get he scarf on . margaret throw denis a half wave . in return , he twirl he umbrella and do a couple of step of a chaplin walk for she benefit before pass the postman who be shuffle through he letter as he approach the front step , below . susie look on with quiet concern . int . drawing room . chester square . london . present . day . margaret ' be at she desk signing a stack of she memoir , the down Street year . margaret open one , reach for a pen . the curve of inky handwrite as she begin to sign they , Margaret thatcher . Close on the swoop of the pen . without miss a beat , she write the name Margaret Roberts ... the insistent blare of a air raid siren from another time cut through - int . back parlour . shop . grantham . 1943 . dusk . the rumble of a approach air raid overhead - the steady shake of the table leg all around pull out to reveal - beatrice robert [ early 50' ] austere , crouch next to margaret under a wide kitchen table along with alfred robert [ early / mid 50' ] a cumbersome man and muriel robert [ 21 year ] . the sound of a air-raid siren . alfred do someone cover the butter ? all look at one another in a panic . margaret I will go . suddenly margaret scrabble out from under the table , all look on with horror - 8 beatrice leave it . alfred ( calling after ) Margaret - int . shop . grantham . 1943 . dusk . margaret scoop up the butter cover slamm it quickly over the thin slice of butter leave in the butter dish before slide it into the cold cupboard underneath the counter . suddenly the shop illuminate - a distant explosion . margaret momentarily paralyze before , run back towards the back parlour to resume she place under the table . int . back parlour . shop . grantham . 1943 . dusk . margaret scrabble underneath . alfred surreptitiously pat she arm . alfred ( cont 'd ) good girl . she shrug , flush with pride . alfred ( cont 'd ) tomorrow , no matter what they do , it will be business as usual . the drone of the air raid dissolve away - int . shop , grantham . 1945 . day . a boy and girl look on as margaret measure flour on the shop scale . customer ( o.s. ) two of the small beef , Mr. Roberts . margaret glance up at she father serve further down the counter . alfred ( o.s. ) what be the life blood of any community ? it 's business .... 9 int . hall . grantham . 1943 . day alfred on a small town hall stage behind a makeshift podium . alfred not just big business but small business , like mine . the soft press of men all around , margaret , a lone woman amongst they , peer over shoulder . beatrice ( pass / hushed aside ) Margaret ! beatrice tut , shove a tray in she hand . beatrice ( cont 'd ) cup ! margaret sink a little , take the tray , and glance back at alfred just visible on a stage . alfred we on this island be strong . we be self-reliant . sometimes we be plain bloody minded . now at the back of the hall , hold a tray load with dirty cup , margaret watch she father , back turn to the kitchen fill with women and young girl make tea and wash up cup . alfred ( cont 'd ) but we also believe in help each other . and I do not mean by state hand -out ... ext . STREET . grantham . 1943 . day . margaret sweep outside the shop , glance across the street at - three pretty girl dolled up for the evening and arm link , crossing on the other side of the pavement . pretty young woman 1 Margaret , do you want to come to the picture ? margaret 's eye catch on the glitter of a broach in pass . they turn to look at she whispering and giggling . 10 pretty young woman 2 she can not come , she 's get to study . the flush of margaret be skin - pretty young woman 2 ( cont 'd ) miss hoity toity ! the sting of embarrassment . the sense of the pretty girl whispering about her , eye travelling over she disparagingly . alfred ( v.o. ) never run with the crowd , Margaret . go you own way . the sway of a skirt as they walk away . alfred oov ( close to ) open it then . int . shop . grantham . 1943 . day . Close on a telegram address to margaret robert , 1-3 North parade , grantham . margaret be father alfred , watch . margaret ( look up ) I have get a place at Oxford . alfred bear-hug margaret awkwardly . int . drawing room . chester square . london . present . day . margaret at she desk , the ghost of a smile . int . shop . grantham . 1943 . day alfred do not let I down Margaret . the chink of a teacup - margaret look down the corridor in expectation at beatrice stand at the sink work the squeak of the cloth against a stubborn tea stain . 11 margaret ( call out ) mother ? beatrice come down the corridor into the shop , wiping she hand on a cloth . alfred go to hand beatrice the letter . beatrice ( shake head ) my hand be still damp . beatrice turn and walk back to where she come from . margaret look back at the letter , heart burst , try to contain she joy . int . drawing room . chester square . london . present . day . margaret look down , pen in hand , the word Margaret Roberts newly sign in the front cover . she tear the page out . int . bedroom . house . chester square . london . present.day . margaret napping in bed . the still of the bedroom , catch in the half light of a late afternoon - a hand slide a teacup onto the bedside table - the flicker of margaret 's eyelid - quickflash - beatrice ( pass / hushed aside ) Margaret ! beatrice tut , shove a tray in she hand . beatrice ( cont 'd ) cup ! present - margaret stir again , blink awake . denis sit by the window . he be bent over a pair of spectacle , wrapping wire around one of the arm with a pair of plier . other item of clothing of he be on Margaret 's couch . 12 denis ( without take he eye of the job ) they be talk about you again . the murmur of JUNE on the phone - margaret what time be it ? denis Sun 's not quite over the yard arm . time for tea . a phone ring , o.s. margaret consider denis now wear a pink turban and confront the extraordinary head - gear . margaret what have you get on you head ? denis smile , throw back he head , the swathe of pink fabric from he turban hang down ridiculously - denis found it in the cupboard and think bugger it , it 's Friday , why not fancy dress ? margaret sit drink she tea , JUNE 's hushed tone almost audible . margaret you look ridiculous . margaret strain to hear - denis bosslady no like ? she make a shushing motion . margaret ( as if to a bad dog ) no , Denis , bosslady no like . margaret resume listen . the door ajar , the sound of life just audible outside - JUNE ( o.s ) it 's take Carol so long to get she to agree to this . she 's be so reluctant to let he thing go . denis sink onto the bed , bored . 13 margaret ( without look ) foot . he tut and adjust he leg so that he shoe do not dirty the bedspread . margaret stand , ear press close to the open door - JUNE ( o.s ) you can never be sure she 's take she medication ... I think sometimes she hide they .. denis vo oh , rumble ! margaret look back at she cup of tea , spot two pill rest in the tea cup . she consider the pill , pop they in she mouth , drink . JUNE ( o.s ) she 's definitely more distract than usual today . int / ext . bedroom . chester square . present . day . a shout in the street . a woman 's voice . carol oov can I suggest you remove the sticker from the back of you car . Margaret look through the net curtain and see carol thatcher [ early 50' ] just visible step out of a taxi , remonstrate with the driver , clutching she purse and wave she credit card at he with rise irritation . carol oov ( cont 'd ) well then take the sticker off ! I call that false advertising ! I would say keep the change , but there be not any change . int . drawing room . chester square . london . present . day . a scotch be pour . the cap not quite go back on the whisky bottle . a frantic fumble for the remote for the tv. carol oov hello June , any news ? I have bring every bag I could find . 14 High shot of margaret sit in a chair watch tv . as if she have be there a while . carol enter with suit carrier in she arm . carol hello ma. bloody taxi driver . would not take my card . I say do not have a sticker say you take Visa and then insist on cash . can you believe it ? I be rummage around the bottom of my bag . he do not get a tip . margaret I do not know that you be drop by today , dear . carol ( dump she stuff all over the place ) yes , you say yesterday ... you want to make a start on dad 's thing . the cupboard ? then I can help you dress . margaret , nonpluss . carol ( cont 'd ) you have get Michael and - margaret jaqueline ... carol come for dinner tonight . margaret of course . ( turn up the tv ) we be have halibut . on tv , image of a bomb street , carol oh God . be not it terrible ? margaret nod , both silently listen to the drine of the newscaster - carol ( cont 'd ) they think it 's Al quaida - the char remain of car , desperate people run , a rescue operation midway - margaret blink , inwardly reeling from the image - 15 margaret ( v.o ) Denis ! Quick flash : Denis in pyjamas , brush he tooth in a hotel bathroom , glance at she through the open door . denis it will be fine . come on , get you head down , it 's ten to three , for God 's sake . ext . grand HOTEL . brighton . 1984 . night . Chaos outside the Grand Hotel in the aftermath of the bomb . the injure be pull through the rubble . news reader ( v.o . ) at ten to three this morning a explosion extensively damage the Grand Hotel in Brighton , scene of the Conservative Party conference . news reader 2 ( v.o. ) ... where the Prime Minister and a number of she cabinet be stay . they escape unhurt - the whir of siren - the blur of FIRE engine light - the image of a body be stretcher out of the rubble by firefighter . news reader 3 ( v.o. ) five people have die , many other be injure , some critically . the ira have claim responsibility . denis and margaret sit in they coat cover margaret 's evening dress and denis pyjamas . both look out in silent shock at the devastate Grand hotel , reflect on the glass of the car window . margaret look on with quiet , sober despair , still numb with shock . denis look at she . he grip she hand . they sit , finger lock . int . drawing room . chester square . london . present . day . Close on margaret 's hand and whisky glass . shake . 16 margaret ( stand up ) we must release a statement , offer we condolence . carol I be sure they have already - margaret we must never , ever , ever give in to terrorist . margaret see JUNE and carol exchange look of `oh dear ... ' int . bedroom . house . chester square . london . present.dusk . margaret sit in a dress gown at a dress table , stare at she reflection . carol stand behind she , hold up several dress . carol now mar , be we go long or just below the knee tonight ? margaret oh , below the knee I should think . she watch , irritate , as carol reach to move a pile of denis ' clothes - margaret ( cont 'd ) no ! do not move that . I have not finish sorting they . carol settles beside she on a chair . carol I hear you go out today ... you must not go out on you own mummy . we have talk about that . margaret there be no milk . carol call Robert he will get it for you if June 's not up - margaret I be not for the knacker yet . from behind - denis ( o.s ) now take it easy , Margaret . 17 denis just visible , perch on the bed , look up from do the crossword in the newspaper - carol no one be say that . margaret if I can not go out to buy a pint of milk then what be the world come to . really Carol , please do not fuss about it . you have always be like this , fuss fuss fuss . you must find something better to do with you time . it 's most unattractive in a woman . when I be you age the last thing I want to do be fuss around my mother . silence - carol , inwardly stung quietly busy herself , force all emotion away . margaret hesitates catch denis ' eye , with quiet warning . denis four down , 9 letter . denis withdraw into he crossword . denis ( cont 'd ) something b something t something n... something something somthing ... refusal to change course - margaret obstinate . denis write , pleased . carol look up , with quiet bemusement - carol what ? margaret deflect , point to a necklace in carol 's hand . margaret pearl . I will wear the pearl . carol slip they onto margaret be neck and fasten they . 18 margaret ( cont 'd ) there they be . my little twin . thank you , dear . int . corridor . chester square . london . present . evening . the murmur of conversation - carol tail margaret , steady on the approach towards the draw room . carol it 's nearly all familiar face , William , Michael and he lovely wife - margaret jacqueline . carol smile , clearly reassure - carol and then there 's Peter , James R and James T and that very nice man- distant laughter margaret yes - carol - we meet last year . margaret yes I remember - carol I think he 's bring he new lady friend just to mix it up a bit . we be rather short on woman - but I be sure we will manage - margaret I have always prefer the company of men- carol gesture ahead , margaret nod , reticent , yet force herself on , she hesitates at the door , she hand tremble on the handle . carol ma ? 19 int . corridor.dartford . 1949 . evening . Close up of a shoe be rubbed on a calf . a young hand hesitate on a door handle . int . sitting room . house . dartford . 1949 . evening . a 1950 's drink party - a bank of stuffy grey suite men pontificate and they wive lose in a separate polite conversation - grey suite man ah , miss Roberts . hope to be choose as we candidate for parliament . a young margaret [ 24yr ] stylish in a suit , straight from work , stand clutching she handbag , oddly out of place amidst the neat 50 's chintz . a bank of sport print collage a wall . a bespectacle young denis thatcher ( 30' ) glance up from he drink , take she in . int . dine room . chester square . london . present.evening . the murmur of dinner party conversation - margaret well I do not like coalition , never have ... margaret 's Pov of she finger absently graze a confusing array of cutlery laid out in place set in front of she . her confuse face . denis vo start on the outside ... int . dine room . house . dartford . 1949 . evening . denis whisper . denis vo ... and work you way in . a long table pack with silverware . she look back at she ornate and rather hideous starter , a tiny wobble savoury confection in aspic . 20 portly host ... attlee have he sight set on the steel industry , you mark my word . grey suite man they will be nationalize the bloody air next . male guest yes , hold you breath , sir , that 's government property ! portly host so be you father a political man , too , miss Roberts ? margaret oh , yes , to he core . and Mayor of grantham . portly host and a grocer as well ! margaret yes . ear prick up around the table . the host be lose for something to say . hostess and do you help , err , in the ... shop ? margaret oh , yes . it be a family business . grey suite man a very good start point for the political life , I be sure . margaret that and a degree from Oxford . the put -down , though not intentional , cause Denis to smile . margaret catch the smile . she remain unruffled and go back to she food , pick up a knife and fork , work she way in , teasing she hor d'oeuvre . int . dine room . chester square . london .present.evening . margaret sit oddly remove , hand instinctively cover she wine glass , as a wine waiter hover . 21 margaret ( hushed aside to waiter ) Whisky . the murmur of conversation all around - int . dine room . house . dartford . 1949 . evening . pudd be on the go and Margaret be warming to she theme . margaret what I do think be that a man should be encourage to stand on he own two foot . yes we help people of course we help people . but for that that can do , they must just get up and do . and if something 's wrong , they should not just whine about it , they should get in there and do something about it , change thing . the female guest exchange glance . a half - chuckle from someone . portly host with all due respect , miss Roberts , what may have serve in grantham - margaret can serve very well for the people of dartford too . male guest really ? a general sense of quiet incredulity . margaret I know much more than that who have never live on a limited income . just like the man or woman on the street , when I be short one week , I have to make economy the next . grey suite man nothing like a slice of fiscal responsibility . 22 margaret a man might call it fiscal responsibility , a woman might call it good housekeep . male guest I be not sure a home economics lesson be quite what the dartford constituent need . they see industry be nationalized , the union on the up , the pound on the slide ... whoever can sort that lot out - he 's my man . margaret or woman ? Denis let out a spontaneous guffaw as the host and hostess exchange look . he signal ` get they out of here ' . the man rise . hostess lady shall we ? portly host miss Roberts , do join the lady . the lady scurry to the sit room . Margaret be the last to leave . int . sitting room . dartford . 1949 . evening . as Margaret close the door to the dining room - portly host ( o.s. ) well . that 's tell we ! the man laugh raucously . she turn to the lady who be regroup at the fireplace and regard she with suspicion . int . dine room . chester square . london . present . evening . the aftermath of the mute dinner party - margaret at the helm , a small whisky just visible nestle next to she wine glass . she be flushed and nicely mellow surround by mainly male guest - michael so , Margaret , how would you have deal with this if you would be Prime Minister ? 23 margaret look at he , she flicker of bemusement . ... slowly register across the face of she friend and colleague include carol . margaret where ? carol the bombing , mummy . today ? margaret still lose carol ( cont 'd ) we be just talk about they ? margaret deflect , reach for she glass , it tremble unsteady in she grasp . margaret no , uhm , yes - we have always live alongside evil . but it have never be so patient , so avid for carnage , so eager to carry innocent with it into oblivion . male guest so , would you - margaret western civilization must root out this evil , wherever it hide , or she risk defeat at the hand of global terror in a nuclear age . unimaginable ! appreciative murmur of agreement amongst the listen party - peter the Prime Minister give a very good statement I think . margaret yes. clever man . quite a smoothie . laughter - int . drawing room . chester square . london . present . night . margaret say final farewell to a guest . he walk away as another couple approach . margaret you do not mind if I sit down ... 24 sitting down on a nearby chair , margaret look with feign recollection at the female guest as she sink down on the ground in front of she , grip margaret 's hand . female guest I hear you speak at conference in 1984 in Brighton just after the ira bomb the Grand Hotel . you be remarkable . I hope you appreciate what a inspiration you have be for woman like myself . margaret hesitates , smile , nod to herself , consider - margaret it use to be about try to do something . now its about try to be someone . the female guest nod and scramble to she foot , clearly concerned , shoot a look to she husband stand beside she , wait to depart . female guest well anyway , I ... thank you . margaret good night to you . margaret sit alone . in the background , the chatter of Carol say final farewell . carol ( o.s. ) great to see you , thank you very much for come . male guest ( o.s. ) oh , thank you . it be lovely , absolutely lovely . and I be so pleased to see you mother look so well . int . dressing room . house . chester square . present.night . a mirror line dress room - carol help margaret with she shoe . carol ok ... hold on to I ... that 's right . margaret struggle with the catch on she pearl 25 margaret can you do the clasp , I can not quite - carol hurry to help she , margaret quietly concede . finger fumble to unclasp the pearl - margaret ( cont 'd ) thank you . carol drop the pearl into a jewelry box , close to margaret , stare back at they reflection . carol you have get a eyelash . carol catch the stray eyelash on the tip of she finger , hold it close to margaret , with a smile - carol ( cont 'd ) make a wish . margaret , close she eye until - margaret blow . she open they smile . carol smile . carol ( cont 'd ) I speak to Doctor Michael today - margaret glance away , deflect . carol ( cont 'd ) he be very good and very expensive - margaret ignore she - carol ( cont 'd ) ... I know you be not due to see he for another month but I have speak to he and he can fit you in tomorrow . silence - carol ( cont 'd ) just for a check up . ( silence ) ma please - margaret what do Mark think about it ? carol Mark ? 26 margaret yes . tell he to come up . I want to talk to he about it . carol , hesitates , with concern - carol Mark 's with Sarah and the child . margaret nod , head through into the bathroom . margaret well tell he to come up and see I after he 's kiss they good night , would you Carol darling ? int . bedroom . chester square . present . night . margaret , sit on she bed , glance expectantly towards the door . Carol sit down beside she . carol he 's not here mummy . margaret hesitates , carol use all she might , not to crumble under margaret 's cool gaze - carol ( cont 'd ) Mark life in South Africa ... margaret inwardly flinch . carol ( cont 'd ) ... you be not Prime Minister anymore and dad be ... dad be dead - silence - margaret you look exhaust , dear . you really must try to get some sleep . taxis will be few and far between at this hour ... carol righty -ho . night night ma. sleep well . margaret good night , dear . the slam of a door . margaret sit , alone . 27 int . sadler well . london . 1950 . night . margaret' Pov of Denis turn to she in the theatre . he smile . margaret 's finger absently graze over the programme , in time with the music - suddenly a close fist reach out , then open to reveal a sugar mouse . Margaret 's finger reach for it , but it 's teasingly withdraw . finally , she take its . she turn to smile at denis , she face be glow with happiness - int . town hall 1950 . night . margaret sit on the edge of a trestle table , scrunching a rosette in she hand . the town Hall be empty save for a couple of volunteer stack chair and sweeping the floor . the litter of election night be everywhere . radio announcer twenty -four-year-old miss Margaret Roberts lose she bid to win a seat in parliament today , but she have put new life into the dartford Conservative Association . win candidate Mr dodd have better watch out , this bright young woman be on he tail . denis appear in the doorway , carry fish and chip . he slide they down in front of she . denis eat ! margaret almost smile . then sink once more into misery . margaret disaster . denis hang on ... hang on ... hang on ... denis fish in he pocket pull out a hip flask . a impromptu supper make . margaret take in the aftermath of rosettes , the whiff of defeat all around . denis ( cont 'd ) you shave thousand off they majority . you do splendidly . margaret not splendidly enough . 28 denis ah I see . self pity . margaret eye he , mid chip - denis ( cont 'd ) no one be say you do not need a safe seat . you deserve a safe seat . but it do not come unless you learn to play the game a little . margaret what game ? she be fume but he regroup with a big breath . denis you be a grocer 's daughter - margaret ( fiercely ) - and proud of be - he grab she hand , silencing she . denis - in they eye . a single grocer 's daughter . but if you be to become the wife of a moderately successful businessman - for the first time , we see margaret take by surprise . denis ( cont 'd ) you would get to parliament , and I would get to be the happiest man in - in wherever they select you . ( silence ) Margaret , will you marry I ? she be genuinely stunne . denis ( cont 'd ) well ? she be freeze . then she begin to smile and nod she head and smile . margaret yes . yes ! he lean over and kiss she , long and passionately until - denis what ? 29 margaret I love you so much but ... I will never be one of that woman Denis - who stay silent and pretty on the arm of she husband . or remote and alone in the kitchen do the wash up for that matter . denis ( try to retain the moment ) we will get a help for that . he lean forward to kiss she again but she pull away a little . margaret no - one 's life must matter , Denis . Beyond the cooking and the clean and the child , one 's life must mean more than that - I can not die wash up a tea cup . he sit up and stare as if see she for the first time . margaret ( cont 'd ) I mean it Denis , say you understand . denis that 's why I want to marry you , my dear . she kiss he . a chink of a teacup - they pull apart . flushed and giggling on see - a lone woman enter the hall , clean up the last of the tea cup , and generally tidy . denis ( cont 'd ) now eat . margaret smile she joy at he as `shall we dance ' swell . and now she 's in he arm as they dance , swirl through the election debris , eye only for each other . 30 int . drawing room . chester square . london . present . night . margaret now on all four , struggle with she glass . a pile of dvd 's on the floor , the king and I amongst they momentarily catch she eye until - a dvd with hand - write scrawl that we can not quite read . margaret flick open the box , struggle to get the dvd out . fiddle with the dvd player , margaret put in the disc and consider , squinting at the remote , try to make the dvd player work until , suddenly ... Super 8 footage - 1959 Children on a beach in wind -swept , grainy super 8 . Denis with a golf club and ping pong ball practice he drive from a tee , send ball after ball sky into the sea . Mark and Carol charge into the water to retrieve they . margaret there they be , my little twin . Mark ... denis approach the camera laugh and appear to take hold of it . margaret be see sit on a wobbly camp stool , hardly dress for the beach , surround by papers weigh hold down by pebble . she merrily return to she work . denis cornwall , be not it ? bloody hell ... look at `em , little imp . you never really get golf , do you ? denis sit behind she on the sofa in a dress gown , watch the footage . she sip she whisky . margaret you look happy . denis yes , I do , do not I ? you be drink too much . margaret ignore he . denis ( cont 'd ) whatcha do ? denis look at margaret , unwaver . she resume a search - 31 denis ( cont 'd ) not like you . look back . margaret suddenly press rewind on the remote , clutch in she hand . denis ( cont 'd ) do not want to dig around too deep , M. do not know what you might find . the rapid rewind of Denis swinging he golf club . denis ( cont 'd ) you can rewind it , but you can not change it . she freeze the image of he turn to camera , laugh . margaret they grow up so fast . Margaret turn with something to say , but Denis do not seem to be there anymore . int . drawing room . chester square . london . present .night . now on the screen , Mark on a swing . margaret be face soften . margaret Mark . he turn and rush towards the camera , whoosh past it . without break step , suddenly , he 's in the room , run past Margaret , still cheer and whooping . margaret 's hand , just skim MARK 's golden curl . as he move on , margaret 's curiosity catch follow he out and down the corridor of Chester Square , see the Mark and Carol disappear round a corner . int . hallway . house . farnborough . kent . 1959 . dawn . the view beyond - speaker vo Mr Eric deakin , Labour ... 13,437 ... the crunch of gravel as carol and MARK race across the drive towards a blue ford car , cover with tory blue streamer and a vote for thatcher poster scrawle with the word Victory . 30 int . drawing room . chester square . london . present . night . margaret now on all four , struggle with she glass . a pile of dvd 's on the floor , the king and I amongst they momentarily catch she eye until - a dvd with hand - write scrawl that we can not quite read . margaret flick open the box , struggle to get the dvd out . fiddle with the dvd player , margaret put in the disc and consider , squinting at the remote , try to make the dvd player work until , suddenly ... Super 8 footage - 1959 Children on a beach in wind -swept , grainy super 8 . Denis with a golf club and ping pong ball practice he drive from a tee , send ball after ball sky into the sea . Mark and Carol charge into the water to retrieve they . margaret there they be , my little twin . Mark ... denis approach the camera laugh and appear to take hold of it . margaret be see sit on a wobbly camp stool , hardly dress for the beach , surround by papers weigh hold down by pebble . she merrily return to she work . denis cornwall , be not it ? bloody hell ... look at `em , little imp . you never really get golf , do you ? denis sit behind she on the sofa in a dress gown , watch the footage . she sip she whisky . margaret you look happy . denis yes , I do , do not I ? you be drink too much . margaret ignore he . denis ( cont 'd ) whatcha do ? denis look at margaret , unwaver . she resume a search - 33 margaret finger brush dark panell wall , make she way along endless corridor . gothic arch , venerable bust , wood panell and stone . margaret 's pov as she stay to the side of the impressive corridor . she pass man in suit and group . other come towards she and notice she . her Pov as she push open a first door ` tea room ' - a circle of man turn round in chorus as if something with three head have appear . Pov of a second open door mark member . a row of urinal . two headless body come towards the camera , scramble to zip up they fly . Pov of the promise of sanctuary . lady member . the door open onto a cupboard size space . a irone board . a sea of man 's Oxford shoe from ground level . a pair of woman 's shoe appear amongst they . they go on tip toe . from above we see Margaret 's hat amongst the sea of mens head and shoulder . Margaret be carry along in the sea of male mp 's oxford shoe . airey neave [ extremely dapper , friendly 43 ] approach margaret . airey neave Mrs thatcher ! airey neave . welcome to the madhouse . follow I . the door swing open - int . house of common chamber . 1974 . day margaret , now secretary of state for education , on the front bench , wear a neat blue suit and a hat , a phalanx of minister sit beside and around she , blue and grey suite men , almost at first glance indistinguishable , with prime minister edward heath ( late 50 's ) , neat , effete , slump rather forlornly on the bench . margaret , she speech and papers in she hand be fight hard but the opposition labour benches scent blood - and they literally bray , get to they foot and shaking they order papers in she face . the speaker try to control the chamber but he voice be almost lose in the bedlam . 34 speaker the right honourable Lady the Secretary of State for Education . margaret the right honourable gentleman know that we have no choice but to shut down the school ! cries of ` shame ! ' from the opposition . the chamber reduce to a bear-pit . heath glum and offer no help to margaret whose voice become increasingly shrill . margaret ( cont 'd ) because he union paymaster have call a strike deliberately to cripple we economy . teacher can not teach when there be no heating , no lighting in they classroom . and I ask the honourable gentleman , whose fault be that ? shadow minister methink the right honourable lady doth screech to much . if she want we to take she seriously she must learn to calm down ! the opposition benches love that , rock in they seat , laugh ... falsely of course . but margaret be aware that there be many men behind she , on the government bench , who be also sniggering in agreement . margaret if the right honorable gentleman could perhaps attend more closely to what I be say , rather than how I be say it , he may receive a valuable education in spite of himself ! her opposite number shadow Minister look almost smug : smile , point a finger at she . shadow minister why have this Conservative government fail ? why have it force so many in the public sector into take strike action to save they own job ? it bring the opposition bench to they foot , shouting , applaud , stamp ... 35 ext . westminster STREET . 1974 . day margaret walk with airey neave towards down Street for a cabinet meeting . all around , heape high on either side as far as the eye can see be bag of rubbish . but not neatly stack , just throw there , many of they rotting down , spilling they filthy , putrid content onto the street . shadow minister vo Minister , the breakdown of essential public service - transport , electricity , sanitation be not the fault of the trade union but of this Conservative government in which you so shamefully serve ! the stench be awful - and margaret be expression reflect that as she pick she way through . int . cabinet room . downing STREET . 1974 . night . the rank of bespectacled grey -suited minister at the cabinet table , include geoffrey howe . heath so this power cut will continue unless we can reach a compromise . edward heath be in mid-flow . heath ( cont 'd ) the miner be ask for a 35 % increase in wage . obviously we can not go anywhere near that . the union be not we enemy and never have be . we want - and have always want - the broadest consensus ... the minister nod . margaret determinedly edge a little forward so that she be in equal line with the other male minister . heath ( cont 'd ) I be sure we be all in agreement that we must do nothing for the moment that will further inflame the current situation . minister 1 hear hear , Prime Minister . 36 margaret lean forward for a better view , try to catch he eye . heath waver , mid-speech . all turn to look at margaret - who sit unwaver . heath resume . heath - the fact of the matter be , it 's absolutely crucial that we be see by the public to be act as conciliator and not aggressor . ( finally acknowledge Margaret ) yes , Education Secretary . margaret yes ... all eye turn on she again , hearing the reservation in she voice . margaret ( cont 'd ) Prime Minister , with the miner ' leader call today for the army to mutiny in support of the strike , this seem the wrong time for conciliation . suddenly all the light go out . a lot of `bloody hell ' `oh for god 's sake ' . heath be patient . they will come back on in a minute . a beam of light cut through , just for a instant pick out heath be moon - like face surround by darkness . margaret hold the small torch . heath ( cont 'd ) thank you , Margaret . a snigger , then the light flicker back on . heath ( cont 'd ) you thought be duly note . margaret turn of the torch and click she handbag shut in satisfaction . heath 's word echo in she head , `compromise ...compromise ...compromise ...' a inward look as she 's catch by a memory . alfred ( o.s. ) we on this island be strong . we be self-reliant . napoleon call we a nation of shopkeeper . 37 int . town hall . 1949 . night . the pack town hall , alfred robert in full flow on stage . alfred he mean it as a insult but to I it 's a compliment . that 's why he could not beat we , and that 's why Hitler can not beat we . the crowd of man applaud . the lone woman in they midst , young margaret watch she father , face aglow . alfred ( cont 'd ) we conservative believe in give people the freedom and opportunity to fulfil they own potential , especially the young . there 's no good in pretend we be all equal , we be not all the same , never have be , never will be . we should encourage we child to aspire to achieve more than we have , for we child today will be the leader of tomorrow . int . car . STREET . central london . 1974 . dawn ... carol and margaret seat , drive steadily along a desert street . margaret thoughtful as the radio play . voice on the radio it 's 1974 and you would think it be WWII . blackout , no petrol . it 's a mess . heath should resign now and make way for someone who 's not afraid to tackle the union . carol be nervous prattle begin to break through . carol I swear , it 's all go completely out of my head . my drive instructor think I should pass but I feel as if I have hardly have any lesson . ridiculous be not it ? maybe third time lucky . margaret right . the only thing you should remember be that everyone else be either reckless or inept . and often both . margaret eye the road , gesture carol to move forward . 38 margaret ( cont 'd ) one must be brave if one be to take the wheel - carol right -o. margaret move over ... move to you right a little bit ... carol but if I move to the right be not I on the wrong side of the road ? margaret Carol ! carol well he 's in the way ! margaret to the right . move to the right ! a yelp from carol as the car swerve a little , narrowly miss a lone cyclist - margaret ( cont 'd ) so sorry ! terribly sorry ! margaret throw a wave from the wound down window . the cyclist swerve on recognize she , watch as the car go round and round the square , almost balletic . carol hey , look at I , drive ! carol 's squeal of delight , let loose on the open road . the tyre screech on the corner . int . kitchen . flood STREET . london . 1974 . dawn . laughter - voice on the approach - carol thanks ma , that be terrific ! I really feel I have get a handle on it now . carol and margaret enter kitchen , still giddy from they adventure . carol ( cont 'd ) you should have see we , pa. 39 denis in he dress gown burn toast and attempt to make breakfast - margaret have you be try to make breakfast ? for goodness sake , Denis ! denis scrape down the toast , egg boil in the pan . denis I can boil a bloody egg . carol mummy take I for a test drive - we go absolutely everywhere . all over the place - margaret ( sudden / cut in ) I have decide . I be go to run . margaret smile , a grow resolution grip she . denis what for ? margaret I be go to run for leader of the Party . carol be utter disappointment on see she have lose margaret already . carol silly I ! carol storm out of the kitchen . denis ( call after ) good luck ! carol ( o.s. ) all the time I think I be have a drive lesson , it be all about my mother , just for a change ! margaret what 's she on about ? denis it 's she drive test this morning ! 40 margaret oh , right . of course . a beat . denis be you say you want to be Prime Minister ? margaret ( with false patience ) what I be say be that someone must force the point , say the unsayable . none of this man have the gut . margaret see the burnt toast and energetically start clear up and put more bread under the grill . denis the Prime Minister have be very loyal to you , mt . he try , with a tremble hand , to scoop boil egg from the pan . margaret but he 's weak , and he 's weaken the party . one must know when to go . ( glance at he ) you be shaking . she reach out . denis I can do it ! denis pull he arm away , send boil egg fly . silence . margaret goodness I ! what be the matter with everyone this morning ? a beat . he look utterly fragile . denis I have tell you what the matter be . the business be a bit rocky at the moment and the Doctor think I need a rest . margaret and do you need a rest ? 41 it 's almost challenging . he do not answer and she do not notice . margaret ( cont 'd ) we both know that it 's highly unlikely that I would ever be elect leader , I will never be elect leader . but I will run . I will run . just to nip at they heel and make they reaffirm the principle on which the Conservative Party must stand . there 's so much to do . she smile . denis ( sotto voce ) you be insufferable , Margaret , do you know that ? margaret Denis , you marry someone who be commit to public service , you know that . and it be my duty - denis ( interrupt ) do not call it duty . it 's ambition which have get you this far . ambition . and the rest of we , I , the child , we can all go to hell ! the slam of the door , denis go - denis ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) do not worry about I , I will be fine ! int . sitting room . chester sq . present . night margaret and denis sit on the sofa . margaret where do you go ? denis South Africa . margaret yes . 42 int . kitchen . flood STREET . london . 1974 . dawn margaret eat breakfast alone , engross in the newspaper . denis ( v.o. ) how many day pass before you realize I be go ? probably have to ask the clean woman where I be . int . sitting room . chester sq . present . night margaret grip she whiskey , shaking she head . margaret when do I lose track of everyone ? denis too busy climb the greasy pole mt . cut in - interviewer ( o.s. ) Mrs thatcher I understand you recently visit the United States of America . margaret be attention be catch by a old interview , play on the tv . she lean forward . on screen , she sit in a neat hat , lean forward eagerly . interviewer ( cont 'd ) what be it you take away from that visit which may be of value here in great Britain ? int . studio . london . 1975 . night margaret perch on a chair , smile at the tv interviewer - margaret oh that 's rather easy to answer , actually . they be unafraid of success . int . reece's office . london . 1975 . day margaret be watch the same interview on a tv monitor . she be watch herself intently , as be reece and airey neave . they be polar opposite , reece flamboyant to neave 's bluff . 43 she sound very plummy , like a Conservative party wife from the shire . and she wear a hat . margaret on television we in great Britain and in Europe be form mainly by we history . they on the other hand be form by they philosophy . not by what have be , but by what can be . oh , we have a great deal that we can learn from they , yes . oh yes ! margaret be trap in the moment - but the two man exchange a glance . neave freeze the picture . margaret smile uneasily , like someone expect a compliment . reece consider she , long and hard . it be a little unsettle until - reece well er ... for a start , that hat have get to go . and the pearl . in fact I think all hat may have to go . you look and sound like a privileged Conservative wife and we have already get she vote . you have get lovely hair but we need to do something with it - to make it more - airey neave important . reece yes . give it more impact . but the main thing be you voice . its too high . it have no authority . airey neave methink the Lady doth screech too much reece people do not want to be harangue by a woman or hectore . persuaded yes . that `oh yes ' at the end of the interview , that 's authoritative , that 's the voice of a leader . margaret stare at he . 44 margaret it 's all very well to talk about change my voice , Mr reece , but for some of my colleague to imagine I as they leader would be like imagine , I do not know , be lead into battle by they chambermaid . it 's my background , and my sex . no matter how I have try , and I have try , to fit in , I will never be truly one of they . both reece and neave be aware that she have speak very nakedly - and be thus extremely vulnerable . reece if I may say so - I think that 's you trump card . you be fly in the face of everything the tories have be thus far . it 's really very exciting . one simply have to maximise you appeal , bring out all you quality and make you look , and sound , like the leader that you could be . neave you have get it in you to go the whole distance . reece absolutely . margaret Prime Minister ?! oh no . oh no no no . in Britain ? there will be no female Prime Minister here , not in my lifetime . no. and I tell airey , I do not expect to win the leadership , but I be go to run . just to shake up the party . neave move in intently - neave respectfully , Margaret , I disagree . if you want to change this party , lead it . if you want to change the country , lead it . what we be talk about here today be surface . what 's crucial be that you hold you course , and stay true to who you be . never be anything other than yourself . margaret , though flatter , look sceptical . 45 reece leave we to do the rest . a beat margaret gentlemen , I be in you hand . I may be persuade to surrender the hat . but the pearl be a gift from my husband on the birth of we twin and they be absolutely non-negotiable . margaret smile at they . int . rehearsal room . national theatre . london . 1975 . day margaret stand hum , a theatrical coach press she hand to margaret be stomach . theatrical voice coach and ... bring it down . margaret hum lower , try to project she voice . margaret maaaaaaaaaaaa . theatrical voice coach good , I think we can loose the handbag , Mrs thatcher ... hand down the side ... because this be not really about the voice , it 's about belief ... a nice deep breath . reece and neave be watch and monitoring the performance . denis , though present , be have a crafty fag by the window . theatrical voice coach ( cont 'd ) if you be call Mr thatcher , how would you do that ? margaret look over at he . margaret ( call ) Denis . he do not react . theatrical voice coach yes , I want more authority , I want conviction , I want - 46 margaret ( a little more authority ) Denis . theatrical voice coach that 's right , one more time , deep breath - she put on she new , lower voice . margaret Denis . and denis react immediately , like a guilty thing surprised , stabbing out he cigarette , turn quickly towards she . denis yes mt ! ext . yard . ice cream factory . day . margaret make she way through a crowd of applaud worker in crisp white uniform . like they , she wear a white cap on she head . margaret you be the backbone of we nation ! small firm like loveday 's Ice cream . how be you ? so nice to meet you lady . General merriment as margaret , now inside a ice- cream van , have a go at dispense a ice cream from the machine . margaret ( cont 'd ) I will just have a small one , because I be watch my figure . ( hand the cone out ) that 's for you young man ! int . hair salon . london . 1975 . day margaret be have new hair colour and the colourist be 75 percent through put she hair in foil . margaret ( v.o. ) I passionately believe it 's the growth of small business into larger one that be critical for Britain 's future . 47 reece and neave be sit nearby , both of they read the Financial Times . ext . yard . ice cream factory . day . margaret among the lady again . margaret it have to be something icy on a stick for Denis . laughter . margaret ( cont 'd ) ( return to she subject ) that 's the only way we will produce job , real job , job that sustain . int . hair salon . london . 1975 . day margaret sit under the dryer , cooking she new hair , still correct paperwork while reece and neave look on , twiddle they thumb . ext . factory . london . 1975 . day margaret be stand on a impromptu stage outside a factory . she have a hard hat on she head . margaret the Trade Union Movement be found to protect worker . now it persecute they . it stop they from work . it be kill job and it be bring this country to its knee . I say enough . it 's time to get up . it 's time to go to work . it 's time to put the great back into great Britain ! int . hair salon . 1975 . day the bouffant be now apparent . reece and neave watch in awe . int . backstage . conference hall . brighton . 1979 . day a darken backstage . margaret , clutching she speech , go over she line . a female aide spray she hair . she look up , start to move towards the light . 48 airey neave be suddenly next to she . neave give `em hell ! he look she up and down , with a smile . neave ( cont 'd ) you look magnificent . next stop Prime Minister . margaret oh airey ... as from the stage - announcer the leader of the Conservative Party , Margaret thatcher ! margaret push back she shoulder and walk into battle to the sound of growing applause . int . MAIN hall . conference hall . brighton . 1979 . day britain need the conservative ban overhead and hang with Union jack . margaret a swathe of blue , as she pass through she grey suite cabinet . from behind she stand , arm outstretch , accept the applause , a shock of bright blonde hair as she stand before a sea of conservative delegete hold up letter card we love you maggie ! wedge of fanatical party faithful on they foot in a kind of rapture . the bless Margaret ! denis just visible with reece , howe , pym , heseltine and several other grey suite minister of she cabinet , seat close behind now jump to they foot , with obvious relief and delight - rapturous applause , flash bulb popping margaret smile , glorious , catch denis ' eye . he be brim with pride . airey neave beam at he protegee . int . corridor . house . chester square . present . day . Close on a photograph of margaret and airey neave . margaret sit look at it , she coat on , she handbag on she lap . 49 int . underground car park . house of common . 1979 . eve . margaret be load papers and file into the boot of she car . airey neave drive towards she , wind down he window . neave good night Margaret . my money 's on the filly to win ! margaret oh , thanks airey . goodnight . he laugh and drive towards the exit of the car park . as margaret close the boot and open the door to get in the car suddenly there 's a massive explosion , the sound magnify by be in the cavernous underground . for a few second we do not know what 's happen . through the smoke we see margaret run up the ramp towards we . margaret ( cont 'd ) no . no , no ! airey ! her Pov of the fireball of neave 's car . as Margaret look in horror at the scene . her shattered face . news v.o. the irish National Liberation Army have claim responsibility for the death of airey neave , Margaret thatcher 's spokesman on Northern Ireland . int . conference hall . night . margaret on the conference podium , blink back tear . behind she , Denis ' face etched with the same sorrow . int . step . house of common . day margaret walk alone down the grand stairway , sombre , deep in think . int . corridor . chester square . present . day . margaret look up from the photograph , tear in she eye . airey neave ( v.o. ) if you want to change the party , lead it . ( more ) 50 airey neave ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) if you want to change the country , lead it . you have get it in you to go the whole distance ! on margaret as memory flood in . a tv headline announce : election 1979 . int . conference hall . night margaret on the podium . margaret now , as the test draw near , I ask you help . that together we can shake off the shackle of socialism and restore to greatness this country that we love so much . and the only way be for the Conservative Party to win ! the black streak of margaret be car , a blur of colour , face , wave flag - tv footage of polling night . swingometer , pollster , impressionistic snatch of report speech . more footage of people come out of polling station . jubilant crowd applaud .. margaret , silhouett in she iconic stance , arm aloft ... int . car . downing STREET . london . 1979 . day . margaret peer out of the window , hand sink in the lap , a flash of the Royal blue fabric of she skirt , clench in finger . news reader ( v.o. ) it 's Friday the 4th of May , a historic day for Britain , a Conservative government lead by Mrs. thatcher be set to lead - news reader 2 ( v.o. ) Mrs ghandi in India , but never in the West have there be a woman Prime Minister . new reader 3 ( v.o . ) the place that she have secure in british history , as the first woman ever to be invite to form a government . ( more ) 51 new reader 3 ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) the bonus of one of the most famous address in the world , number 10 down Street . noise . flag . banner read ` we love you maggie ' blur through the window , a abstract cacophony of noise and colour - denis this be it , steady the buff old girl . he clasp she hand for a moment as margaret smile at he . the door swing open - ext . downing STREET . london . 1979 . day . the camera from behind on margaret rise up out of the car , to face a wait PRESS corp . the jostle of a police officer , denis and other press she either side - margaret I should just like to say that I take very seriously the trust the british people place in I today , and I will work hard every day to live up to that responsibility . and now , I should like to share with you a prayer of St Francis of assisi : where there be discord may we bring harmony ... where there be error may we bring truth ... where there be doubt may we bring faith ... where there be despair may we bring hope .. the camera rise up , high above margaret until she be just a blue dot , on the dark tarmac , a lone woman stand face the circle of camera and microphone . the door of number 10 loom ahead . int . drawing room . downing STREET . london . 1979 . day . the cheer go over .. the cabinet gather for a group shot - margaret shoulder back , tummy in ! laughter . Michael heseltine , stand behind margaret , reach out to smooth a stray lock of she hair . 52 margaret ( cont 'd ) oh. thank you , Michael . margaret seat at the heart of she entire cabinet , as if she be royalty . the flash of the camera - the image freeze . int . corridor . house . chester square . present . day . the same image , frame on a side table beside margaret . the distant hum of a hoover . margaret I be perfectly healthy . there 's no need for any of this . Denis appear , he hand inside he shoe , polish it vigorously . denis just let they look under the bonnet , mt . check everything be hunky dory . margaret hesitates . she sit in silence until - margaret really it 's become quite tiresome . denis what be ? margaret you . ( beat ) I be on my own for twenty four year before I meet you and I can manage perfectly well without you now . so will you please go away and stop bother I . int . consulting room . harley STREET . london . present.day a distinguished consulting room - margaret sit silent , as a eminent doctor check she blood pressure . the beep of the machine , steady and monotonous until - doctor just look straight at I , straight ahead , that 's it . 53 the doctor scribbles some note , consider - doctor ( cont 'd ) be you notice night sweat ? margaret no doctor hallucination ? margaret hesitates . she shake she head . margaret no . doctor sleep ? margaret yes , I sleep . four , five hour a night . doctor so you wake early ? margaret and I stay up late . I always have . she look at he as if he really should know this about she . the doctor note this down . doctor we just want to keep abreast of it . margaret yes . of course . doctor grief be a very natural state . margaret my husband have be go for year . Cancer . doctor Carol say you have decide to let he thing go . probably a good thing . margaret yes . it be my idea . to oxfam . perfectly good stuff . people can use this thing . 54 doctor still it must be a bit disorientating . you be bound to be feel . margaret what ? what be I `bound to be feel ' ? the doctor look up from he note take , hearing the quiet challenge in margaret 's voice . margaret ( cont 'd ) people do not `think ' any more . they `feel ' . ` how be you feel ? ' ` oh I do not feel comfortable with that ' ` oh , I be so sorry but we , the group be feel ...' d' you know , one of the great problem of we age be that we be govern by people who care more about feeling than thought and idea . ( beat ) now thought and idea . that interest I . ( beat ) ask I what I be think - the doctor hesitates , let margaret settle until - doctor what be you think , Margaret ? margaret look at the doctor , quietly struggle with a fury , threaten to unleash - margaret watch you thought , for they become word . watch you word , for they become action . watch you action , for they become habit . watch you habit , for they become you character . and watch you character , for it become you destiny . what we think , we become . my father always say that . ( beat ) and I think I be fine . ( beat ) but I do so appreciate you kind concern . the sudden and persistent buzz of a intercom - margaret ( cont 'd ) oh , do please answer that . 55 margaret hold he gaze , with quiet unwaver steel unsettle the doctor a little . margaret ( cont 'd ) it might be someone who need you . the doctor reluctantly answer he intercom - int . corridor chester square . present . dusk . JUNE head up the stair , margaret follow behind . JUNE I will give Carol a quick ring , let she know we be back , then I will put you electric blanket on . margaret nod . look through the bannister , she eye fall on - a golf ball run along the floor . margaret consider , look up - dennis oov steady , steady , steady ! damn . fore ! the ball bounce down the wooden stair . int . kitchen . chester square . london . present . dusk . margaret open the fridge . a cold plate lunch rest on a shelf . denis what about that medicine man , eh ? ah. cold supper . standards be slip Margaret . margaret ignore denis take out the plate unwrap the cellophane off it and place it on a table , already laid ready for she to eat . denis ( cont 'd ) well you really give it to that quack do not you , darling ? just like the old day ! hallucination my eye ! denis pick up a piece of cucumber from she plate . she absently smack at he hand . denis ( cont 'd ) how dare he ? denis smile . 56 denis ( cont 'd ) but then you give we all the run around , do not you ? margaret look at he , silently infuriate . int . drawing room . chester square . present . dusk . margaret pour herself a whiskey . denis loom close , serve a splash of soda . denis I know you can hear I , sweetheart , so there 's no use pretend you can not . margaret turn , ignore he . margaret enough . Denis , enough ! denis ( salute ) dismiss ! int . drawing room . chester square . present . dusk . margaret sit read denis ' spy novel . denis she do it in the end . kill he - margaret slam the book close . denis ( cont 'd ) I do not know why you be be so scratchy . margaret 's eye dart to the clock . denis ( cont 'd ) it 's not as if you have get anyone else to talk to . shake she head , margaret try to block he out . margaret ( v.o. ) when the himalayan peasant meet the he -bear in he pride - 57 denis you know , it 's a marvel to I that you can still quote huge chunks of kipling but try remember the name of that woman who 's just make you that godawful cold collation ... no ? come on ... you can do it ... month of the year ... one syllable ... rhyme with moon ... margaret ( sudden / like a lightbulb ) June . margaret turn to denis , a quiet appall victory . denis June ! bingo . knew you would get there in the end . " when the himalayan peasant meet the he-bear in he pride , he shout to scare the monster , who will often turn aside , but the she-bear thus accost rend the peasant tooth and nail . for the female of the species be more deadly than the male ... " as he continue , margaret reach for the remote , turn the television on . she move onto the radio . then the stereo . she move on , talk to herself - a gradual grow cacophony of sound - int . kitchen . chester square . present . dusk . margaret flick on mixer , radio , toaster - int . drawing room . chester square . present . dusk . the noise almost unbearable now - margaret turn on a hi-fi , the tv now on - margaret if I can not hear you then I can not see you . and if I can not see you then you be not here . margaret close she eye . 58 margaret ( cont 'd ) and if you be not here , I be not go mad . I will not ... I will not go mad . she open they and suddenly freeze on see a image of herself , bewilder and leave harley Street , catch on the tv - BBC voiceover baroness thatcher make a apparently routine visit to she doctor today . although rarely see in public , Lady thatcher , the longest serve Prime Minister of the twentieth century , remain a controversial figure . margaret turn up the volume to full , try to hear over the cacophony of noise the change image on the tv illuminate she pale face . JUNE Margaret - margaret barely see she , eye rivete to the tv . BBC voice over almost lovingly dub by the Soviets the Iron Lady , she 's also credit , with she friend Ronald Reagan , with a decisive role in the end of the cold War . her supporter claim she transformed the british economy and reverse the country 's post - war decline . her detractor blame she savage public spend cut and sweeping privatization of - JUNE move like a dervish through the house , mute the television and turn off the last of the appliance - a gradual silence descend until - margaret take in the image of herself on the mute screen , stand bewilder on the step of harley Street . margaret ( almost to self ) I do not recognize myself . 59 int . bathroom . chester square . present . night . the shelf of a bathroom cabinet . shave brush . razor . medicament . margaret begin to pull they all off the shelf . denis ( o.s. ) be I out of the doghouse yet ? then a pair of glass . more gently , margaret be hand reach into the cupboard and take the glass in she hand . int . bedroom . house . chester square . present.night . margaret lie in bed , book in she lap , denis beside she read the paper . she close the book and pull off she read glass . margaret they be unveil that portrait of I at number 10 next month . the invitation 's on the mantelpiece . so there will be churchill , Lloyd George and I . just the three of we . silence - margaret ( cont 'd ) I say I do not want any big fuss but they insisted .. silence - Lovely little article in the telegraph ... the woman who change the face of History .. silence - voice from the past intrude - foot vo less than two year ago , the Prime Minister quote St. Francis and talk about bring faith , hope and harmony to this country . margaret suddenly reach out a hand , she hand shaking - margaret Denis ? she turn in bed . sudden panic , denis be go - 60 a heckling chamber rising through - int . chamber . house of common . 1980 . day . a heckling chamber as margaret sit , face labour outrage , the labour leader , foot , grip he paper , mid speech - foot can the right honourable Lady deny , that have bring about the high level of unemployment since 1934 - margaret bide she time on the front bench , wait she turn , surround by she cabinet minister include howe , pym and heseltine - foot ( cont 'd ) the biggest fall in total output in steel and coal production in one year since 1931 . and the biggest collapse in industrial production since 1921 . margaret remain seemingly calm and serene , and yet one hand quietly grip the bench , she wedding ring tapping against the wood nervously . foot ( cont 'd ) can she also accept that she free market economics design to create a grow middle class ensure that the rich get richer and the poor be irrelevant ! int . car . street . london . 1980 . day a rise roar of voice - protestor maggie maggie maggie ! out out out ! maggie maggie maggie ! out out out ! margaret in she car drive through the blur of furious protestor . protestor 1 you be suppose to be a mother ! you be not a mother , you be 's monster ! you be a monster ! 61 int . drawing room . downing STREET . 1980 . evening . close up on a button - the steady in and out of a needle pull taut on a thread . margaret stand , swathed in a glitter long dinner dress , a seamstress stitching a stray button on the front of the bodice on she dress . geoffrey howe stand nearby in a dinner jacket . heseltine May we have a word , Prime Minister ? a bank of minister , include heseltine , pym , prior , howe and gilmour , gather before she . margaret yes , but in order to arrive at the palace on time , geoffrey and I be will be walk out of that door in 15 minute . as you can see - heseltine I know you be run late Margaret , but we have to address this situation in light of tomorrow 's blister press coverage . blister ! the knife be out . you draft budget 's be leak , geoffrey , they be bay for we blood ! howe Michael we can not possibly buckle at the first sign of difficulty . the scratch of prior 's hand on unkempt hair - heseltine no one be say we have to buckle . prior but be this really the time to make this spend cut in the middle of one of the deep recession this country have ever experience ? hestletine we need a plan of action , Margaret . pym absolutely . a strategy . 62 gilmour we must be armed . prior agreed . margaret stiffen , the needle momentarily hover mid stitch as margaret shift a little - the seamstress resume sewing - prior ( cont 'd ) there 's a perception , Margaret rightly or wrongly , that we be now completely out of touch with the country . the patronize tone inflame she . margaret really . ( beat ) how much be a pack of lurpak ? pym lurpak ? margaret butter , Francis . ( silence ) forty two pence . anchor butter be forty pence . flora margarine , still the cheapest , be thirty eight pence . I can assure you I be not out of touch . another minister - gilmour - whisper the word : " grocer 's daughter " - as a put down . the man smirk . margaret have catch the moment . a sudden flash of the pretty girl in the grantham Street long ago , laugh at she . margaret ( cont 'd ) what - do you say ? gilmour make a gesture . gilmour nothing . nothing , Prime Minister . margaret be furious . 63 margaret do not try to hide you opinion . goodness I , I would much rather you be honest and straightforward about they - instead of continuously and damagingly leak they to the press . well ? momentarily silent - margaret 's eye travel around the room in wait - pym well , people can not pay they mortgage . gilmour the manufacturing industry be practically on its knee . pym honest , hard - work , decent people be lose they home . it 's terribly shameful . gilmour the point be , Prime Minister , that we must moderate the pace - heseltine - if we be even to have a hope of win the next election - pym quite right . margaret ah. worried about we career , be we ? they make noise - to the effect that nothing could be further from the truth . but margaret have they measure . margaret ( cont 'd ) gentlemen , if we do not cut spend we will be bankrupt . yes the medicine be harsh but the patient require it in order to live . shall we withhold the medicine ? no ! we be not wrong . we do not seek election and win in order to manage the decline of a great nation . ( more ) 64 margaret ( cont 'd ) the people of this country choose we because they believe we can restore the health of the british economy and we will do just that ! barring a failure of nerve . the SNAP of cotton - margaret look at they in a cold fury ... margaret ( cont 'd ) anything else ? silence - margaret nod to the seamstress , dismiss she - margaret ( cont 'd ) thank you . you save the day once again , crawfie , you be a angel . margaret straighten she cuff , testing the button , as the meeting slowly disband and the minister move away . howe you can not close down a discussion because it 's not what you wish to hear . margaret I do not expect everyone just to sit there and agree with I . but what kind of leader be I if I do not try to get my own way - to do what I know to be right . howe yes . but Margaret , one must be careful of testing one 's colleague ' loyalty too far . margaret glance up watch the minister disappear , in whisper conversation , like conspirator . ( archive footage ) rioting in brixton , burn car , huge civil unrest - tv journalist ( v.o. ) we be now one split nation , with a huge gulf divide the employ from the unemployed . ( archive footage ) protest march , ` people 's March for Jobs ' , ` no pit closure " - 65 union activist ( v.o. ) the thatcher plan be to break the Trade Union movement . margaret ( v.o. ) there must be closure of uneconomic coal mine , we seek only a efficient industry . ( archive footage ) violent clash between protest miner and police - miner' wife ( v.o. ) the miner be be starve back to work , the need be desperate ! int . corridor . house of common . 1981 . day . margaret sweeping along a endless corridor , surround by she cabinet , hard on she heel . howe , heseltine , pym , prior and other . margaret talk , they hang on she every word . margaret ( v.o. ) there be that who would say hold back , there be that who would make we retreat - int . conference centre brighton . 1980 . Margaret mid speech . margaret but we shall never give in to they . we shall never waver , not for a second , in we determination to see this country prosper once again . the party faithful erupt in cheer , seconded by all Margaret 's courtier on the platform . pym , prior , heseltine , howe and above all denis , applaud as if they life depend on it . int . lady . house of common . 1980 . day . margaret sit clutching the sink , a light sweat break across she forehead . she look up - news reader ( v.o. ) a car bomb have explode outside harrod department store , kill six people and injure 71 . 66 news reader 2 ( v.o. ) eleven soldier die today when two bomb be detonate during military parade in hyde Park and Regent 's Park . Seven horse also die in the blast . intercut ( archive footage ) bomb building , horse lie dead in the street , a ira banner . news reader 3 ( v.o. ) the ira have claim responsibility . int . bedroom . chester square . london . present . night . margaret lose in restless sleep - intercut ( archive footage ) ira graffiti scrawle on a wall , paramilitary fire gun , siren wail . int . conference centre brighton . 1980 . Margaret on the podium . margaret and now , it must be business as usual . the brighton grand HOTEL . int . sitting room . suite . grand HOTEL . 1984 . night . denis in pyjamas , brushes he tooth in the bathroom . he glance at margaret through the open door as she sit , still in evening dress , work on she speech . denis come on love , get to bed . I do not know why you do this to yourself every year , it 's a speech at conference , not the magna carta ! she look up , distract . denis ( cont 'd ) time to call it a day , darling . it 's ten to three , for God 's sake . margaret I know , I be come dt . nearly there - boom ! 67 a almighty explosion rip through the room ; wood , glass , furniture splinter , curtain flay from the wall . the fall of plaster , devastating , the hotel room obliterate , reduce to a smoking , dusty rubble . margaret stand ghostlike , cover in debris . margaret ( cont 'd ) ( call out ) Denis ! margaret search through the haze of fall plaster , cover with dust , slowly clear to reveal - margaret ( cont 'd ) ( more desperate ) Denis - there you be . be you alright ? denis ghostlike , cover in dust , still in he pyjamas , hold up a obliterate pair of shoe . denis my shoe ! Beyond , the wall of the bathroom entirely blow away - the caw of gull - ext . grand HOTEL . brighton . 1984 . night . Chaos outside the Grand Hotel in the aftermath of the bomb . the whir of siren - denis and margaret sit in they car , look out in silent shock at the devastate Grand hotel , reflect on the glass of the car window . margaret ( v.o. ) that 's when I think I would lose you . a telephone ring cutting through from another time ... int . bedroom . house . chester square . present . night . margaret wake with a start , confuse and fumble for the telephone by she bed - margaret ( pick up phone ) Mark ?... hello darling ... no , I be fine ... I be very well ... 68 margaret squint , finger fumble for denis ' watch . margaret ( cont 'd ) how be ... how 's ... Sarah ?... and the child ..? margaret sit up - margaret ( cont 'd ) ... oh ... you can not ... that 's a pity ... I be hope to see you ... no really darling ... that 's fine ... of course ... another time ... Lovely darling ... can not wait ... yes ... margaret suddenly relent , a flicker of sudden and urgent need , catch in she eye - margaret ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) Mark ? silence - MARK go . margaret hang up , stare at - I whistle a happy tune from the King and I just audible - int . drawing room . chester square . present.night . margaret stand in the doorway , a jaunty " I whistle a happy tune " seeping from the television . margaret that be Mark . not able to come . denis ( cut in ) Boy 's always go awol . margaret well it cost he a great deal to fly everyone up here . denis there you go , make excuse for he . now look where it 's get you . denis stand dress in dinner jacket and bow tie as he read the back of " the King and I " dvd . denis ( cont 'd ) do you know yul brynner be a gypsy from vladivostok ? 69 margaret yes . he move to Paris when he be fourteen . he play the King of siam 4,625 time on the London and Broadway stage . what be you do ? denis ( turn round shaking a cocktail ) one like to make a effort . a snifter ? margaret you be dead , Denis . denis ah. well , if I be dead ... who be you talk to ? shall we dance ? he take Margaret in he arm . the music change to ` shall we dance ' from ` the King and I ' as denis take a confuse margaret in he arm and begin a expansive waltz round the room . the room turn . young denis dance with the young margaret . now its old denis dance with old margaret again . denis lose he foot , and margaret lurch towards the desk where she eye fall on figurine of falkland soldier . she stare hard . news reader ( v.o. ) the falkland island , the british colony in the South Atlantic , have fall . Argentina claim its marine go ashore this morning as a spearhead to capture key target , include the capital , Port stanley . int . study . downing STREET . london . 1982 . day . margaret sit , compose , stare up at a phalanx of military man and she minister . margaret gentlemen , the argentinian junta - which be a fascist gang - have invade we sovereign territory . this can not be tolerate . May I make plain my negotiate position . I will not negotiate with criminal or thug . the falkland island belong to Britain , and I want they back . gentlemen , I need you to tell I today if that be possible . 70 admiral leach possible ... just , Prime Minister . we can have a Task Force ready to sail in forty - eight hour . margaret be visibly stunne . margaret forty -eight hour ? admiral leach but - margaret but ? admiral leach we have a very narrow weather window . we can not fight in winter down there . nobody can . if we be go , we have to go now . int . study . downing STREET . london . 1982 . day . margaret at she desk . margaret why be the island leave without any naval protection ? JOHN nott in the last round of Defence cut we judge the risk of invasion to be small . margaret do we ? JOHN nott and if you remember , Prime Minister , you agree that we should reduce the naval presence in the area to a absolute minimum . margaret tap she finger against the map , with grow irritation . int . cabinet . downing STREET . day . margaret sit alone . 71 int corridor . . corridor . downing STREET . london . 1982 . day margaret be under attack . howe Margaret , the cost of send 28000 man and a hundred ship twelve thousand mile , almost to Argentina , will be absolutely crippling . margaret I do not think we should be worry about money at this point , geoffrey . geoffrey howe we can not afford to go to war . int . study . london . 1982 . night . margaret sit alone . admiral leach ( v.o. ) we have to go now . margaret ( v.o. ) the government have now decide that a large task force will sail , as soon as all preparation be complete . intercut ( archive footage ) the Task Force set sail . int . drawing room . downing STREET . london . 1982 . day margaret pace , deep in think . mp 1 ( o.s. ) Prime Minister we do still have three week before we ship reach the island . mp 2 ( o.s. ) all we be say be that we should not give up on try to find a diplomatic solution . int . corridor . downing STREET . london . 1982 . day . a tea trolley and a american entourage surge down a down Street corridor . 72 mp 1 the U.S. Secretary of State have arrive , Prime Minister . int . drawing room . downing STREET . london . 1982 . day haig and Margaret sit face each other , flanke by senior minister . general haig so you be propose to go to war over this Islands . they be thousand of mile away , a handful of citizen , politically and economically ... insignificant , if you will excuse I - margaret just like Hawaii , I imagine . general haig I be sorry ? margaret 1941 , when Japan attack Pearl harbour . do America go cap in hand and ask tojo for a peaceful negotiation of term ? do she turn she back on she own citizen there because the island be thousand of mile from mainland United States ? no , no , no ! we will stand on principle or we shall not stand at all . general haig but Margaret with all due respect when one have be to war .... margaret with all due respect sir , I have do battle every single day of my life , and many man have underestimate I before . this lot seem bound to do the same but they will rue the day . beat margaret turn to a tea trolley close by - margaret ( cont 'd ) now , shall I be mother ? hague look confuse , margaret lift the teapot - 73 margaret ( cont 'd ) tea , Al , how do you take you tea ? Black or white ? int . centre of operation . 1982 . day . naval men murmure message quietly to naval attaches . male lip to male ear , something margaret have see all she life . francis pym and JOHN nott stand near margaret . intercut ( stock footage ) the naval fleet sail towards the falkland . a map of South Georgia and the falkland Islands . model boat sit on the water , flag sit on the island . argentinian flag . margaret stare at the map . a whisper message to one of the attaches . he move a model boat on the map a few inch , lead a fleet of smaller model boat . naval attache 1 the argentinian ship the General belgrano and she escort be pursue course 273 degree toward the argentinian mainland . we be tracking it with we submarine hms conqueror . he point to a model submarine at some distance from the argentinian boat . margaret be this ship a threat ? admiral fieldhouse both of this ship be carry Exocet missile , Prime Minister . just yesterday they launch - then abort - a attack inside the exclusion zone . there be a risk they could try it again . francis pym the belgrano be sailing directly away from the island . can it really be regard as a threat ? admiral fieldhouse she 's be change course continually . there 's a strong possibility that they be attempt a pincer movement on we carrier group . ( more ) 74 admiral fieldhouse ( cont 'd ) I advise that we engage they : hit the belgrano as a warning to the other . send they all back to port . margaret turn to JOHN nott and francis pym . francis pym it will play badly internationally . we will be see as aggressor . she stare at the map once more . one of the man supervise the map move the model of the belgrano a fraction further North . JOHN nott this will be a escalation , Prime Minister . she look to leach . leach if there be to be a escalation , it 's better that we start it . minister it be steaming away , Prime Minister . everyone be stare at margaret . even the assistant bustling in the background have stop and be listen . male face turn to she . she herself seem catch in a pincer movement between the politician and the serviceman . margaret sink it . int . downing STREET . 1982 . night tv footage a flash of a torpedo cut through the water . a thunderous explosion . flashes of television image - striate and blurry - the belgrano list in the water . report of the sink read out by the mod 's announcer . int . drawing room . chester square . present.night . margaret and the falkland figurine , silhouett against the dawn light . 75 int . downing STREET . 1982 . night tv footage close now - we see a man on fire , burn . voice mixing in and out . tv journalist v.o. ... hms Sheffield , a type 42 destroyer , be attack and hit late this afternoon by a Argentine missile ... tv journalist v.o. ( cont 'd ) ... it be see as a retaliation for the sink of the General belgrano , in which over 300 argentinian sailor die ... margaret be eye shine , as if with tear . a soft knock at the door . she dab they away quickly . JOHN nott Prime Minister - JOHN nott enter . JOHN nott ( cont 'd ) latest casualty figure from the Sheffield . he hand she a piece of paper . margaret ( sotto voce ) I must write to they . JOHN nott Prime Minister ? margaret the family . I must write to they ... int . downing STREET . study . 1982 . night . margaret at she desk , look up at pym . margaret foreign Secretary ... pym I have just be brief by Admiral fieldhouse . ( more ) 76 pym ( cont 'd ) he tell I bluntly that if the argentinian be prepare and willing to risk they aircraft , they have enough missile to cripple most of we fleet . a beat . JOHN nott President Reagan and President bellaunde of Peru have some new proposal for the peace plan - margaret ( sharply ) the peace plan ? there will be no appeasement . this be a war . a war they start and by God , we will finish . shall I tell you what I be go to write to every single one of this family , this heartbroken family ? I be go to tell they that no british soldier will die in vain for the falkland . intercut ( stock footage ) muddy mass grave as the falkland dead be bury . military voice Lieutenant Colonel Jones . Captain wood. Captain dench . Lieutenant farlaine . corporal hardman . corporal Sullivan . corporal briar . margaret write to each of the family . margaret ( v.o. ) as the only Prime Minister in the history of we country who be also a mother with a son of my own , I can imagine you agony , and you grief . intercut ( stock footage ) troops march through barren landscape , helicopter hover , a british flag . minister ( v.o. ) Prime Minister , we have secure the beachhead - news announcers ( o.s. ) the argentinian troops be demoralize and ill equip ... the paratroop have take Goose Green ... 77 radio vo shortly after dark last night , we force execute what we Commander in Chief have call a brilliant surprise night attack . margaret sit at a desk in down Street , listen to the news report . a hand turn off the radio . denis thatcher , bed . he head down the hall , margaret follow behind . radio from they new position , we force can see large number of Argentine soldier retreate and stream back into Port stanley . we force be move forward to exploit they success . intercut ( archive footage ) Victory ! the Union Jack be raise over Port stanley . the task force return to England to scene of jubilation . embrace , balloon , joyful embrace . int . car . downing STREET . london . 1982 . dusk . margaret peer out , a sea of union jack and bunt . cheer , the street line as the car pull into down Street - the blur of noise , cheer , jostling banner then the shroud of black uniform suddenly encase the car , block out the light - the jaunty distant sound of a military band play - denis o/ S well do , M. the car door swing open - a cacophony of cheer , applause , just audible far off , as margaret step out into the street , the camera follow she out peer up at - downing STREET staff lean out of no 10 window , wave flag and cheer - margaret 's gaze linger on howe and pym amongst they , smile with congratulation , clearly now part of the victory celebration . 78 margaret o/ S we congratulate the man and woman of the armed force for they skill , bravery and loyalty to this country . int . house of common chamber parliament . 1982 . Prime Minister 's question . margaret be at the dispatch box fight it out with michael foot . geoffrey howe be beside her . margaret we be face with a act of unprovoke aggression and we respond as we have respond in time past : with unity , strength and courage , sure in the knowledge that though much be sacrifice , in the end , right will prevail over wrong . huge cheer and " hear hear " from the Conservative bench . michael foot shift uncomfortably on the bench opposite . she be unstoppable . margaret ( cont 'd ) and I put it to the honourable member opposite that this be not a day for he to carp , find fault , demand inquiry - they will happen I can assure he of that for we have nothing to hide - no , this be a day to put difference aside , hold one 's head high and take pride in be british . barnstorm cheer . we see michael foot , utterly outmaneuvered by she speech . the Labour bench sit silent . int . chester square . london present . night denis spring in the air wear a paper union jack hat , blow a party hooter . denis gotcha ! well that pay off old girl ! you rating soar ! from the most hate Prime Minister of all time to the nation 's darling ... the world be at you foot , and Britain be back in business ! 79 int . ballroom . white house . WASHINGTON . 1981 . night . quickflash : a glitter ballroom - margaret waltzing , catch in reagan 's arm , fleetingly pass - denis look on , from the sideline , drink in hand . intercut ( stock footage ) margaret be motorcade streak through the rainy street , Union Jack fly . margaret shake hand with indira ghandi . Denis be present with the pink turban . newspaper headline scream profit , profit , profit ! margaret , triumphant on the podium at party conference . margaret shake hand with Gorbachev . the Berlin Wall come down . news reader the Berlin Wall have fall . the gate have open ! the police be make no attempt to stop people as they go through . headline : booming business ! maggie' millionaire ! int . embassy ballroom . 1979 . night margaret dance with kenneth kaunda of zambia , denis stand on the touchline toast they - a fruity cocktail in he hand . int . house of common stairway , 1990 . day . margaret hurry down the stair , she cabinet in tow . margaret I do not agree in any measure ! geoffrey howe but Prime Minister the question of the european single currency will come up . margaret I do not think the country be ready for it yet . 80 geoffrey howe but we can not bury we head in the sand ... news journalist ( v.o. ) a lot of Conservative mp 's and minister be say - ext . house of common . london . day . a journalist stand outside the commons make he report . news journalist - that there must be a change in that style of management . that Mrs thatcher must listen more , and on occasion , give in . int . house of common hallway , 1990 . day . margaret move swiftly down the hall , leave she cabinet in she wake . pym ( o.s. ) the point be , Prime Minister , I do not think we can sell the idea of a tax that ask everyone to pay the same . margaret ( v.o. ) we policy may be unpopular , but they be the right policy . minister 1 ( v.o. ) Prime Minister I just do not think we can ask the poorest of the poor to pay the same amount of tax as a multi-millionaire . int . cabinet room . downing STREET . 1990 . day margaret , seat at the wide cabinet table surround by a subdued cabinet . most of the familiar old face - pym , heseltine , etc . all now go . howe the last endure minister . she cast a gimlet - eye over the grey - suite men around she . margaret there it be again ! why not ? 81 minister 1 because - minister 2 because people ... on the whole ... think that the tax be manifestly unfair . margaret nonsense . arrant nonsense . this be a simple proposition . in order to live in this country , you must pay for the privilege - something , anything ! if you pay nothing , you care nothing . what do you care where you throw you rubbish ? you council estate be a mess , you town , graffiti , what do you care ? it 's not you problem , it 's somebody else 's problem - it 's the government 's problem ! you problem be , some of you , be that you have not get the courage for this fight . you have not have to fight hard for anything . it 's all be give to you - and you feel guilty about it ! well , may I say , on behalf of all that who have have to fight they way up , ( and who do not feel guilty about it ) we resent that slacker who take , take , take , and contribute nothing to the community ! silence . margaret ( cont 'd ) and I see the same thing , the same cowardice in we fight within the european Union , to retain british sovereignty of Britain , the integrity of the pound ! some of you want to make concession . I hear some of you agree with the latest french proposal . ( beat ) well , why do not you get on a boat to calais ? yes , why do not you put on a beret , and pay 85 % of you income to the french government ! she have subdued they utterly . the silence be terrible . margaret ( cont 'd ) right . what can we realistically hope to achieve by the end of session , Lord President ? ( more ) 82 margaret ( cont 'd ) and why have we not make more progress to date ? what be that ? be that the timetable ? I have not see that . May I see it ? howe here it be , Prime Minister . of course . howe push the papers over to she . she pick up a pencil , start to read . the minister watch as , quickly , she start to score through the word . margaret the wording be sloppy here , and here . howe if you say so . margaret I do say so . howe it 's merely a first draft ... margaret look down at the paperwork . margaret this be ridiculous . there be two " T 's " in " committee " ! she press so hard that she pencil break , so she shove the paper back towards he , stabbing a finger at the offend word . margaret ( cont 'd ) this be shameful . shameful ! I can not even rely on you for a simple timetable ! be you unwell ? yes you be unwell . give I the pencil , give it to I ! margaret snap she finger at howe , gesture for he pencil , scratch away , ringing the offend word again and again . the minister stare at the scene appal , utterly and wretchedly embarrassed . margaret ( cont 'd ) if this be the best you can do I have better send you to hospital , and I shall do you job as well as my own and everyone else 's . gentlemen . ( more ) 83 margaret ( cont 'd ) as the Lord President have come to cabinet unprepare , I be oblige to close this meeting . she wait for they to take they leave , but they sit there , freeze . margaret ( cont 'd ) good morning ! slowly , the man gather they papers and file out of the room , leave margaret alone . she sit , gather herself , hand shaking . the roar of protest surge through - ( archive footage ) a huge macabre papier -mache thatcher head , grimace with one eyeball blind and the other detach and hang bloody on a cheek . angry crowd ( chant ) can not pay , will not pay ! can not pay , will not pay ! can not pay , will not pay ! int . car . downing STREET . london . 1990 . day . margaret peer out - angry protestor slapping the glass as they pass , the sense of the car be attack . the smear of smashed egg against the window screen . protestor out ... out ... out ... margaret sink back into she seat as the car , be jostle either side by a blur of colour , the bang of fist against glass , the roar of the crowd - ext . trafalgar square . london . 1990 . day ( archive footage ) relentless image of violence over this . mass riot . protestor charge police line . police on horseback try to force the protestor back . one of they - a girl - catch out , go down with she placard , be trample beneath the horse ' hoof , horribly . rioters with blood stream down they face . banner - death to maggie . off with her head . 84 protestor maggie ... maggie ... maggie . out ... out ... out . with a whoosh of flame the north side of Piccadilly Circus go up in flame . smoke and blood and fire everywhere . int . office downing STREET . 1990 . day late afternoon - margaret sit , silently work . howe enter , margaret barely look up from work - margaret geoffrey - geoffrey my letter of resignation . howe slide a letter down on she desk - margaret look down at the thick envelope . silence geoffrey howe we difference , I be afraid , can not be reconcile . margaret resume work - howe wait and wait and wait - the scratch of margaret 's pen , she work on , refuse to stop for he . int . chamber . house of common . london . howe stand in parliament , read he resignation speech : howe I have do what I believe to be right for my party and my country . the time have come for other to consider they own response to the tragic conflict of loyalty with which I have myself wrestle for perhaps too long . 85 int . hallway . house of common . london . margaret walk alone down the hall . minister 1 ( o.s. ) geoffrey 's speech in the House of commons be devastating . minster 2 ( o.s. ) - just could not take any more of the bully . int . corridor - house of common . london . 1990 . day . margaret 's Pov as she move along the corridor of power . minister 3 ( o.s. ) he be almost invite someone to challenge she for leadership of the party . fellow cabinet minister , unfamiliar backbencher , the man in suit , all seem to avoid she gaze ... then pym in conversation with howe , abruptly terminate , as both man acknowledge she ... minister 4 ( o.s. ) she behave appallingly . I would not have speak to my gamekeeper like that . minister 1 ( o.s. ) I do not think she can survive this . int . study . downing STREET . london . 1990 . night . margaret stand , watch the evening news , heseltine just visible on the tv screen - heseltine on tv I be here to announce my decision to put my name forward as leader of the Conservative party . I have nothing but admiration for we Prime Minister , Margaret thatcher , but I believe we party and we country need a new leader . margaret turn to denis , who stand , clearly shocked , worst fear confirm . 86 tv journalist it 's extraordinary . the rule of the Conservative Party make it possible for Conservative mp 's to depose a sit Prime Minister . margaret and denis on the sofa . she unwrap a sweet , eye lock on the tv . margaret I be the Prime Minister . turn to Denis . margaret ( cont 'd ) ( offer the packet ) sweetie ? ( stock footage ) westminster in the moonlight - news journalist ( o.s. ) as Conservative mp 's gather in westminster to discus who they will back in the leadership contest , the Prime Minister say she would not be divert from critical international affair ext . paris STREET . night with the eiffel Tower illuminate behind he , trevor macdonald make he report . trevor macdonald tonight in Paris Mrs thatcher be among thirty four world leader who come together to celebrate the end of the cold War and herald the start of a peaceful new age of East / West cooperation . int . grand hall . paris . night . a magnificent paint hallway - margaret sweeping away from a dining room , regal in evening dress . intercut - paris - a news journalist make he report . 87 news journalist there 's a general feel that Mrs thatcher be go to win on the first ballot . we be go to put it to bed tomorrow night , be how one of she campaign staff put it . int . grand hall . paris . night margaret walk through a grand hall with she fellow president and prime minster of the world , a lone woman amongst a sea of man . denis on phone m , I really think you should come home and defend yourself old girl . heseltine be campaigning ferociously . margaret on phone oov I do think my time be best spend see a end to the cold War , do not you ? after all this time they know what I stand for . paris - trevor macdonald will she , or will she not , be in the job tomorrow ? a grand hall - a formal dinner , margaret flanke by bow - tie Prime minister and head of State . head of state 1 Margaret , they can not touch you . london street - cabinet minister walk along try to hide they feature from pry eye . news reader ( o.s. ) Mrs thatcher have fail to win enough vote to secure a outright win in the leadership contest and must now decide whether to put she name forward for the second round . news reader 2 as Mrs thatcher leave Paris for London to make a last ditch attempt to pull together support for she leadership , the ship may have sail . 88 int . dine room . chester square.present . margaret push through the double door into she dining room . margaret treachery ! her cabinet be all around she dining room table . there be no seat for she . she move round the table . minister 1 we will never win another election lead by that woman . minister 2 we need a leader who listen . minister 3 this be not about she , it 's about the party . minister 4 one must know when to go . minister 1 the question be , how do anyone put it to she ? int . drawing room . chester square . london . present . Close on a minister 's face in the dim light . minister if you be to stand , I of course would vote for you Prime Minister - she be at she desk in the present in Chester Square as one minister after another in interchangeable glass slide into the chair in front of she . minister 2 - of course would vote for you Prime Minister but I do not think you can win . the loyalty of my colleague can not be count upon . margaret it be the people who put I here - minister 3 the loyalty of my colleague can not be count upon . 89 margaret - it 's up to they to tell I when to go . int . study . downing STREET . london . 1990 . night . margaret stand , watch the evening news . denis Margaret , you can not let they do this to you . please , boss . margaret look at denis , with quiet surprise , hear the desperation in he voice , the crack - denis ( cont 'd ) they will destroy you . margaret look at denis , see he be near to tear - denis ( cont 'd ) throw in the towel now , love . do not let that bastard see you humiliate . you just will not win , darling . not this time . margaret oh Denis . denis , finger touch hers , she look at he , see the tender concern in he eye . margaret smile , determinedly steely under he gaze . margaret ( cont 'd ) 154 I be the Prime Minister . 154 on she face as casta diva break through . int . house of common . day margaret sit alone on the front bench . a stream of voice from the past - speaker ( v.o. ) order ! order ! margaret ( v.o. ) the right honourable gentleman be afraid ! northern voice ( v.o. ) this be a naked strategy of close some coal mine and then sell off - 90 margaret ( v.o. ) they believe in strike , I believe in work ! irish voice ( v.o. ) this be the woman who 's watch ten man on hunger strike starve themselves to death and never flinch ! margaret ( v.o. ) despicable and cowardly - male voice ( v.o. ) cynical falkland war - minister ( v.o. ) more homeowner , more shareholder , more savings - the voice begin to blend into one another , white noise . int . downing STREET study . 1990 . evening margaret sip a whisky . margaret ( v.o. ) I offer my resignation after eleven and a half extraordinary year - int . corridor . downing STREET . london . 1990 . day . margaret descend the stair like a operatic heroine , she hand grip the banister of the staircase . below the down St staff wait to say goodbye . many be in tear . margaret - proud to have leave Britain in a much better state than when we take office . she pass the photograph of she predecessor and stop to receive a gift , open it - margaret ( cont 'd ) what 's this then ? a radio ... how useful . she move down the receive line of staff . the floor be carpete with rose . Men 's wet eye . the door ahead . she be cry . 91 finally reach the door , margaret stand brace herself . Denis 's hand on she shoulder stand behind . denis steady , mt. margaret nod , brace herself . a hand on the door handle . as it swing open - int . bedroom . chester square . london . present . night margaret stand stare at herself in the mirror . denis ( o.s. ) the great Prime Minister since churchill depose by a bunch of spineless pygmy ! margaret vo all that year of take the tough decision , do any of it matter now ? denis it 's all be turn to mush ! margaret what ? denis lie on the bed behind she with the newspaper . denis by this fool ! this lily - liver pinko ! margaret this inept placator . denis very good ! this vacillator . margaret vacillator ! poll taker . denis popularity seeker . margaret so busy take the pulse of the public ! denis weak - 92 margaret ( pull down a rack of Denis 's black oxford shoe onto the floor ) this ...weak ...weak ...weak ...wea .. .weak ... Men ! denis 's clothes be all over the room and the main cupboard be open and empty apart from shoe . there be several bin liner already fill with clothes . margaret ( cont 'd ) do not they know if you take the tough decision , yes people will hate you today but they will thank you for generation . denis or forget you entirely and chuck you out with the rubbish ! margaret turn away from this think and open a last big chest of drawer . margaret V / o ( seize shirt and jersey and put they on the floor ) all I want be to make a difference in the world . denis and you do , love , you do . she sit at the end of she bed and open a box she have find in Denis 's cupboard . there be a programme from ` the King and I ' and a fade blue rosette from some long forget election campaign . a small flyer ` Margaret Roberts . Conservative candidate for dartford ' and some child card " to the world 's great daddy love Mark and Carol . " margaret V / o all I want be for my child to grow up well and be happy - happier than I be certainly . and I want you to be happy of course . be you happy , Denis ? tell I the truth . there be no response . margaret be momentarily lose in the room . then , seize by some compulsion , she begin to pull out the rest of he clothes , shove they into black bag . as shirt and trousers go in , quick flash of Denis - 93 his youthful face , smile at she at the opera . laugh on the beach in cornwall . at the door of number 10 , smile at she . share she bed . margaret look up . Denis 's suitcase be on the bed . his coat and hat lie beside it . she fold he dress gown - the one from the bathroom hook - tenderly and put it on the top of the case . margaret Denis ? Denis ? and there he be by she side . margaret V / o here 's you bag . you be all pack , sort . she walk he to the bedroom door and give he a gentle kiss . denis start to walk away . margaret ( see he be walk away in he sock ) Denis wait ... where be you shoe ? you can not go without shoe ! not yet . denis straighten he hat . denis steady . margaret yes ... steady ... denis steady the buff - margaret steady ... steady the buff ... denis head out . margaret ( cont 'd ) 154d no ... not yet ... Denis . wait ... I 154d say I do not want you to go yet . the endless corridor , margaret call after denis - 94 margaret ( cont 'd ) Denis ... please ... no ... not ... do not . ..no ... I do not ... I do not want to be on my own . denis turn back for a moment - denis you be go to be fine on you own , love . ( beat ) you always have be . margaret call out as denis reach the window at the very far end of the house and appear to disappear into the white light - margaret ( call out ) Denis !! int . bedroom . house . chester square . london . present.dawn from above we see margaret lie dead asleep on the bed on a pile of denis ' clothes . the bed be surround by bulg black bin bag . carol oov mummy - carol loom over Margaret , look horrify . carol my God , mum . be you alright ? ( open the curtain ) mummy you should have call for help , silly old sausage . have you not even be in you bed properly ? you have do all this ? margaret yes , all sort . finish . margaret look around she . carol yes well do not worry about all this . June and I will crack on with it . margaret I be just go to get dress . 95 carol ... shall I call someone , see if anyone can come over and do you hair ? margaret look at she warmly . margaret oh . no , you do it . carol react , surprised but pleased . int . kitchen . chester square . london . present . day . margaret sit finish a cup of tea . hear Carol 's bustle in the downstairs hallway . carol oov right , I be off June . JUNE ok . ` bye . she stand , pick up the cup . from behind - JUNE ( o.s ) ( cont 'd ) oh let I do that , Margaret . margaret 's turn for a moment - it be JUNE . margaret shake she head . margaret no , dear , I will do it . JUNE Carol say you might go to the House of lord today ? margaret no no . I be not go anywhere . the sound of hot water run . chink of a teacup - margaret stand , wash up a tea cup . the squeak of she wet cloth , work on a stubborn tea stain , puncture the silence . the sound of birdsong and child play drift from the street outside . 96 margaret set the cup aside , turn and walk out of the room , and out of sight . the end