margaret written by Kenneth lonergan November 20 , 2005 1 ext . manhattan . broadway . upper 70s . day . 1 from across Broadway we see a little girl wait at the curb . she step off the curb toward we -- a truck barrel into frame -- the long lens ' flatten perspective make it look like she 's just be crush . but the truck flash by and she 's fine . more traffic pass to and for through the frame . credit begin over : 2 ext . another corner . day . 2 the light change and a crowded corner full of New yorker step off the curb and into the crosswalk -- before the first foot land on the street we go to super slow motion as the mid-day work crowd cross the street . 3 ext . new york CITY street . day . 3 montage -- slow motion shot of New yorker , mid -day , all kind , go all different way , all over the city . credit end with some high school kid with book bag , walk among the crowd . 4 int . high school classroom . day . 4 a 11th - grade math class at the Ralph waldo emerson School , one of the few remain Manhattan ' 60 - inspire progressive school . about twenty kid , mostly white secular jewish . a sprinkle of black and Hispanic kid . the teacher , mr aaron , late 20 , be return test papers . mr aaron abram ... allende ... one after the other the student get up to collect they test , glance at the result and drag themselves back to they chair . on lisa cohen , just 17 . not the best - look girl in she class but definitely in the top five . she listen listlessly , somewhat bad - temperedly . mr aaron ( cont 'd ) bernstein ... Cohen ... at " Cohen " lisa get up and head for the desk . lisa' Pov , close in slowly on mr aaron who glance up at she as she approach . they eye meet . Aaron have the classic handsome young teacher 's no - nonsense expression on he face as she reach out she hand -- 2 4 continued : 4 lisa thank you , Mr Aaron . she walk back . on she test he 's write : b- " see me1 " 5 int . high school classroom . day . later . 5 after CLASS -- the last student go out as Mr Aaron gesture for Lisa to take a seat . mr aaron take a seat , Lisa . I just wanna talk about you test for a minute . lisa ( sitting ) sure . mr aaron now ... I know you have a little help ... lisa well -- I mean -- I do not cheat , if that 's what you mean . mr aaron I be just say I know you have a little help . lisa a lot of people do . mr aaron be that as it may -- lisa I mean I will take it over again if you want , but like , what would be the point ? it 's not like I be ever gonna actually need to know this stuff in my daily life ... mr aaron well , Lisa , that 's just not necessarily true . have not you ever develop a interest in something you do not initially think you be go to develop a interest in ? lisa um , no , not really . Mr Aaron look down for a moment to hide he amusement . Lisa look at he with secret adoration . he look up . 3 5 continued : 5 lisa ( cont 'd ) anyway , it be open book . so what 's the big difference - between use a book and like , I do not know , use somebody else 's mind who 's like , really good at math ? it 's not like this person do the whole test for I . mr aaron oh no ? lisa no . I do some of it . she smile at he . he be no longer smile back . mr aaron well , next time I would appreciate it if you do all of it . ok ? lisa you be so fair . 6 int . school hallway . day . 6 tracking lisa from behind as she walk through the hall past she fellow student . she walk through a door -- 7 ext . alley . day -- continuous . 7 -- where kid be smoking . lot of butt on the ground . the wall cover with graffiti . Lisa go to she friend becky and take out she cigarettes . a kid name kurt smoke nearby . becky what do he say to you ? lisa nothing . . . Mr Aaron and I have a understanding about my math problem . Becky laugh . Lisa laugh . lisa ( cont 'd ) he be so appeal . a long-haire kid come out , follow by a somewhat preppier girl , kirsten , and she look -alike friend leslie . kirsten ok , Mr ferrar be such a asshole . kurt what would he do , call on you ? kirsten fuck you. , kurt . 4 7 continued : 7 leslie kirsten be really upset . kurt I be sorry . kirsten ( to leslie ) let I have one of that , will you ? Leslie give kirsten a cigarette and light it for she . becky kirsten , I do not know you smoke . kirsten I do not . - I be just really angry . ( to Leslie ) check out what he. say to I last week . she drop she voice . they whisper and then both laugh . Lisa watch they . leslie be you serious ? Lisa overhear monica , a elegant 12 th - grader , talk to some other girl seat on the step . monica . I just do not think you can really know a guy until you have sleep with he . Lisa , listen , be not so sure , but would not know . 8 int . american history CLASS . day . 8 the class be teach by two teacher ; mr klein , 5as , and mr lewis , 30 . on the blackboard be scrawle the word " striker " " pinkerton " and " prez . mckinley . " klein . so the President of the United States , William B. mckinley , authorize the use of private detective to break the strike , and they go out there and shot they down ! just like they do in Virginia , just like they do in Pennsylvania . because they do not care ! they do not care ! lewis ( low , rumbling ) and that 's basically it - that 's basically all there be to say . klein all right ? go ahead , uhhhhh : Becky . 5 8 continued : 8 becky well , Mr klein ... I mean , be there ever a good President of the United States ? there be some laughter from the student . klein I do not know , Becky . I think that 's a good question . what do you think ? you. lionel . what do you think ? do we ever have a good President ? lionel um ... I do not know . I guess most of they have just be totally corrupt . - lewis Lisa ? lisa can I just say , I be not necessarily like a big fan of all the president of the United States , especially the current one , but I still do not think its necessarily all that useful to categorize every President as universally corrupt , because that just seem very general to I . especially if you be go to judge they by the standard of -- whatever they be suppose to traditionally be like in some mythical version of America that probably never exist to begin with . ANTHONY , a intellectual smart -ass , lean back in he chair . ANTHONY Lisa have raise a salient point . there be some laugh from the class . 9 ext . school . day . 9 School be let out . lisa walk away from the building . a short energetic kid name darren fall in step with she . darren hey , how would you do ? lisa oh hey Darren . it be fine . thank you so much . darren so he do not give you a hard time or anything ? 6 9 continued : 9 lisa well , he know I be not plan to like , go into Mathematics or anything ... he be totally cool about it . he 's so cool . darren oh yeah , everybody love Mr Aaron . lisa what 's that suppose to mean ? darren nothing . the man be very lovable . they stop at the corner . - darren ( cont 'd ) what be you do now ? lisa I be gonna go look for a cowboy hat . darren why would you want to buy a cowboy hat ? lisa because my dad be suppose to take I and my brother to this ranch in New Mexico to go horseback riding , and I do not think it would be right to appear on horseback in New Mexico without the appropriate equestrian paraphernalia , Darren . you would not understand this thing . darren that be a definite possibility . lisa anyway ... thanks again ... darren before you venture forth on you bizarre quest for a cowboy hat ...? lisa yes , Darren ? darren . what be you up to later ? like tonight . lisa I do not know . darren you wanna go to a movie ? 7 9 continued : ( 2 ) 9 lisa what do you mean , like on a date ? darren no , not on a date , just go to amovie . I do not know if it 's a fuck date ! lisa all right . calm down . what do you wanna see ? darren I do not know , I do not even know what 's play ! I do not know if it 's a date ! let 's just forget it ! I hate the fuckin ' movie anyway . they be just bullshit . they be all bullshit ! lisa ok , take it easy , I be just ask ! I be sorry ! darren what if it be a date , anyway ? would that be so horrendous ? lisa oh my God . be you like -- be you ask I out ? ( pause ) be you ? ( pause ) hello ...? Earth to Darren . darren I do not know . yeah . I mean ... I feel like we be already really close ... lisa oh my God ... darren .and I think we would be a really good match - - what ? lisa nothing . this be -- nothing . darren so -- yeah . I would . I mean , yes . I be . yes I be . lisa wow . I mean -- I be really flatter . but I would definitely not want to do anything to mess up we friendship . darren I view this as a way of strengthen we friendship . 8 9 continued : ( 3 ) 9 lisa it would definitely change it ... darren I know : it 's a fairly dangerous move . lisa well ... I would definitely have to think about this ... darren absolutely . give it some think . lisa ok , I will . pause . he be look at she like he want something . lisa ( cont 'd ) why do you look like that ? darren like what ? lisa what do you want from I ? darren not a thing ! lisa all right . I will see you later . darren all right . she turn and walk away , pleased by the conversation . 10 ext . lisa' STREET -- west ' 80s . day . 10 Lisa walk down she street and let herself into the prewar apartment building . 11 int . cohen apartment . day . 11 she let herself into the narrow apartment . a long hall cover with frame picture , photograph and play poster open onto a cramped live room cramme with book , play , and magazine . a stereo , tv and computer be stick in the corner . Beyond this be the kitchen and another hallway lead to the bathroom and bedroom . lisa hello ...! Lisa drop she bag - and go into the kitchen . she open the refrigerator . her brother curtis , 11 , come in . 9 11 continued : 11 curtis hi. lisa be Mom home ? curtis she go to the store . Lisa get out some cold pizza and sit down with it . curtis ( cont 'd ) use a plate . lisa do not be such a little fuckin ' goody two - shoe . - curtis fuck you . lisa please do not say " fuck , " curtis . curtis you just say it . lisa yeah , that 's because I know what it mean . curtis so do i. lisa uh , no you do not , curtis . take my word for it . curtis what do it mean ? she look at he and speak very slowly and deliberately . lisa it 's when a man put he penis inside a woman 's vagina and move it around really fast until they both have a orgasm and he ejaculate sperm inside she body . pause . curtis no it 's not . lisa yes it be . 10 11 continued : ( 2 ) 11 curtis Gross . lisa ( resume eating ) it be gross . she eat . he watch she . curtis do you want to play a game ? lisa no . curtis please ! lisa I do not feel like it , curtis . quit bugging I . curtis can I have some pizza ? she give he a piece of pizza . he sit . they eat together . 11a int . live room . day . 11a curtis be practice the piano . 12 int . lisa' mother' bedroom . 12 Lisa , on she cell phone , rummages in she mother 's bureau . during the follow she find a small supply of cash and steal forty dollar . lisa ( on the phone ) what be you up to tonight ? . nothing : Darren want I to go to the movie with he . you want to come ? I guess around eight ? 13 ext . broadway . day . 13 Pov lisa : slowly pass by Broadway clothing store window . no cowboy hat . she walk down Broadway window shopping , enjoy herself . 14 ext . antique clothing store . day . 14 through the window , we see Lisa talk to the pretty , mid-20 salesgirl with a embroider cowboy hat . 14a time permitting 14a 11 15 ext . broadway . day . 15 as Lisa slowly pass - by and look in various store window . she stop and look at some shoe . reflected in the window , behind she , a city bus pull up to a bus stop and wheeze as the door open . 16 ext / int STREET / bus . simultaneous . 16 the bus driver be wear a cowboy hat . he be in he 30 and kind of good -look . past the disembark passenger we see Lisa 's back as she scan the shoe store . on lisa -- she turn around and see the Bus Driver . she see he cowboy hat and just as the door shut -- lisa ( to driver ) hey ! the bus lurch away . Lisa take off after it . in the bus -- close on the Bus Driver , oblivious to Lisa , who we can see out the door and window , fall behind . on the STREET -- the bus fall behind a slow - move car and Lisa catch up . in the bus -- Lisa appear at the bus door , wave and call out . the Bus Driver see she , smile and wave back . on the STREET -- Lisa be run alongside the bus . lisa ( cont 'd ) hey ! where would you get you cowboy hat ? in the bus -- the Bus Driver can not hear she , but smile at she with good - nature flirtatiousness . on the STREET -- the light at the curb turn yellow . the slow -moving car in front of the bus floor it to make the light . the bus driver see he way be clear and step on the gas . he turn and wave goodbye to Lisa . she point at she head and then at he . he smile , not quite get it . the light turn red . still look at Lisa , the bus driver lift the hat off he head in a farewell salute as . -- lisa see the bus pass under the red light -- goldenrod revise 10/23/05 - page 12 16 continued : 16 a Upper - West side woman , 40s or 5as ( later identify as monica patterson ) hold some grocery bag step off the curb between two car to cross Broadway . very fast : the bus driver turn he head to look straight forward . Pov bus driver -- monica be directly in front of he . Pov monica -- the bus roar up at she . the bus driver slam on the brake . Pov lisa -- monica be clipped by the huge bus and pull tumble underneath . lisa scream . pedestrian all over turn around . monica be pull and crunch in a horrible twist tumble . everything stop . tracking lisa fast as she run across the street toward the accident . as she get closer she see monica 's leg stick out from under the bus . then with some confusion , she realize that monica herself be right in front of she , and that she blood be spread everywhere . monica be reach out vaguely , unable to speak . she be make choke sound . Lisa stand over she for a second , freeze . she crouch down and try to do something but do not know what to do , where to put she hand . other people start converge . in the bus -- the Bus Driver put the bus in Park , open the door and rush out . we track he as he come around to where a crowd have already form . he hang back on the outside , but we break through till we find lisa kneel next to the disorient monica , hold she hand . they be both cover in blood . several other people be shouting and talk all at once . 1st man somebody call a ambulance ! call a ambulance ! everyone calm down ! kid I be call one right now ...! the kid be already dial he cell phone . other people be do the same . 2 nd man get a ambulance ! salmon revise 10/23/05 - page 13 16 continued : ( 2 ) 16 1st man someone 's call one ! lisa ma'am , can you hear I ? can you hear I ? monica I do not know . where be I ? what be go on ? lisa 1st man you be on Broadway and 75th do not try to talk ! Street in New York -- you you do not have to talk . be in a bad accident -- 2 nd man never mind , let she talk ! monica ( cont 'd ) who be you ? lisa my name be Lisa . monica be I dead ? lisa no , you be not dead . you be in a traffic accident , but you be gonna be ok -- monica what do you mean ? what happen ? lisa you be run over by a bus . monica you have get to be kid I . a bus ? lisa ( almost laugh ) yeah -- ! 1st man be anyone 'a doctor ? could monica we get a doctor ? so where be I now ? who be you ? 2 nd man lisa be there a doctor anywhere ? we be on Broadway and 75th Street . you do not know I -- 1st man we be in the middle of the monica Upper West side and there I do not understand . be it still be no doctor ? happen ? salmon revise 10/23/05 - page 13a 16 continued : ( 3 ) 16 lisa 2 nd man no -- I mean yes -- the accident all right , never mind . be over , but I think you be a little confuse -- monica I will say I be confuse . goldenrod revise 10/23/05 - page 14 16 continued : ( 4 ) 16 1st man here , lemme try to see if I can -- he try to detach Lisa 's hand from monica 's . monica no ! do not let go of I ! lisa 2 nd man I be not , I be not gonna she need a tourniquet or let go -- she 's go to die . monica 1st man do not let go of I ! ok , let I just -- Jesus Christ ! 2 nd man oh my God ! monica ( cont 'd ) oh my God what 's happen to I ! lisa 1st man you be gonna be all right ! I be sorry ! I be just the ambulance be on its way ! try to -- we be try just hold on until they get to put a tourniquet on you . here ! 2 nd man we need to get a tourniquet monica on you . ( to 1st man ) do you . thank you , honey . just do not have a belt ? you can use let go of I . you belt . lisa 1st man I will not . I swear . they just I can not even see where to put a tournquet on you . to -- ( take off he belt ) monica ( cont 'd ) what do you mean ? be they doctor ? who be they ? lisa 1st man no -- they be not doctor . I can not even see - they be just pass by . monica well , get them the fuck away from I ! 1st man ma'am , we be only try to help you ! 2 nd man never mind that ! try it higher up . try to put it higher up ! goldenrod revise 10/23/05 - page 14a 16 continued : ( 5 ) 16 1st man you wanna do it ? you know what to do . why do not you do it ? goldenrod revise 10/23/05 - page 15 16 continued : ( 6 ) 16 lisa ( to the 1st man ) be you kid I ! monica I can not see anything . be my eye open or close ? this silence everyone . Lisa look at the 1st man . he shake he head , panicked ; he do not know what to say . lisa they be open . monica ( start to cry ) what do you mean ? lisa 2 nd man you be in a terrible I will try it . you want I to accident ! but you be try it ? go to be fine , so just hang on ! 1st man hold on a second , I think I get it . 2 nd man just put it higher up ! just move it - kid try put it higher up ! 1st man there 's nowhere to put it ! I can not even -- Lisa look at the incredible amount of blood still spread everywhere , all over she , all over the street . lisa will somebody call thefuck ambulance !?! 1st man 2 nd man calm down ! we already call take it easy ! they ! so just calm down ! lisa kid well they be obviously I call they two minute not come fast enough ago , and somebody else so maybe you should probably call they too ! call they again ! why not call they again ! monica could somebody call my daughter ? lisa sure ! we can call she . what 's she name ? goldenrod revise 10/23/05 - page 15 a 16 continued : ( 7 ) 16 kid you want my phone ? 1st man ok , ok , hold on . lisa 2 nd man - tell I she name and give I you get it . just pullit she -- around . here -- monica 1st man it 's Lisa . it 's ok -- kid I get a cell phone , you want I to call she ? goldenrod revise 10/23/05 - page 16 16 continued : ( 8 ) 16 lisa it 's -- no -- that 's my name . be that you daughter 's name ? monica what ? what be you talk about ? lisa ( on 2nd " what " ) ) I be 's -- I be not try to be confusing . my name be Lisa : be that you daughter 's name ? monica Jesus Christ , would you call she ? just call she ! 1st man I get it . I get it ! lisa I can not call she if you do not give I the number -- 2 nd man ma'am ? you be gonna be ok . kid you be gonna be ok ! lisa what 's you daughter 's number ? monica start breathe a horrible rattling choke . monica oh sweetie , I do not think I be gonna make it . lisa oh no please hang on . the ambulance be gonna be here any minute ! monica die . lisa ( cont 'd ) oh please hang on ! please hang on ! 1st man ok . it 's ok . she 's go . the 1st man try to pull she away . lisa no ! let go. of I ! goldenrod revise 10/23/05 - page 16 a 16 continued : ( 9 ) 16 she hold onto the dead woman 's hand and sob . we see the bus driver stand just beyond it . o.c. , a siren wail irrelevantly , stick in traffic . 17 ext . broadway -- accident site -- later . day . 17 - there be several cop car now , a ambulance , a police barrier , cop everywhere and a crowd of onlooker . Lisa be give a statement to detective mitchell . she be completely drench in blood . her clothes , boot , ' everything . a few yard away the Bus Driver , very shake , be give he statement to another cop ( mos ) , but also try to hear what Lisa be say . Lisa keep look over at he . mitchell ok , Lisa ? Lisa ? I just want to ask you a couple of question , ok ? 17 17 continued : 17 lisa ok , sure . mitchell now I want to ask you where you - be , and what you see when the accident take place . just tell I everything you see , even if you think it might not be important . ok ? think of it like a movie . like you be watchin ' a movie in you head , and all you gotta do be tell I exactly what you see in the movie . ok ? lisa yes . thank you for the -- yes . - mitchell ok ? so , where be you , on the corner ? stand by the corner ? be you in the crosswalk -- ? lisa ( on 2nd " corner " ) no , I be not on the corner . I mean I be , but I be run . I be try to catch the bus . mitchell ok , so you be on the corner ? Northwest corner ? lisa if that 's what corner it be . mitchell so , you be stand across the street . Northwest corner . lisa yes , except I be not stand I be run . mitchell so the bus go by and you start run . lisa no ! I be already run ! I be try to catch the bus and I happen to pass the corner ! I be not stand on the corner ! mitchell whoa whoa whoa whoa . slow down a sec . so you be tryin ' to catch the bus -- 18 17 continued : ( 2 ) 17 lisa ( start to cry ) yes ! yes ! I be try to catch the bus ! I be try to catch the bus ! mitchell I be sorry Lisa , but we gotta ask you this while it 's still fresh in you mind . I know this be hard for you . I be just tryin ' to do my job , ok ? lisa I understand ! I do not mind , I be just upset ! mitchell ok , Lisa , hang in there . you be doin ' great . lisa could somebody call my mother ? mitchell we already call you Mom ; but I be gonna have them put another call into you mother right now , ok ? lisa yes . please stop patronize I . mitchell I be not tryin ' to patronize you . I be just tryin ' to get the information down while it 's fresh in you mind . I know some of this question might seem like they do not make a lotta sense right now -- lisa they do make sense . just ask I ! mitchell well , that 's what I be doin ' . now : I be gonna ask you : from where you be stand could you see the traffic light ? ( pause ) could you see if it be red ? Green ? yellow ? just picture it in you mind . what color be the light ? Lisa look over at the Bus Driver . he look back at she . lisa I guess it be green ? I do not really see it . I think it be just a accident . behind the Bus Driver somebody move from where they be , and Lisa get a clear view of the woman 's cover body . 17a time permitting 17a 19 17b ext . upper west side - lisa' STREET . day . Lisa be be walk home by a big young cop . young cop you go to school around here ? lisa yes . young cop what 's that a private school ? lisa yes . - young cop what be you studyin' ? lisa I do not know . young cop you do not know what you be studyin' ? lisa young cop I know what I be study . that do not say very much about you teacher ...! lisa american history ! 18 int .. cohen apartment . day . 18 curtis , watch tv , look up as lisa come pass through the room . curtis see she be cover in blood . curtis what happen to you ? lisa nothing : I see a woman get she leg cut off by a bus . she go down the hall and into she room . joan , she mother , 40s , appear from the kitchen . joan hello ? 19 int . lisa' room . day . 19 the room feel small and distort . odd . she start to take off she blood - soak jacket , but she purse be over she shoulder . she drop the purse and take off the jacket . 20 19 continued : 19 she do not know what to do with it . she hang it on the closet door . she sit on the bed and then get up and look at where she sit . there 's a imprint of blood on the white bedspread . lisa good one , Lisa . she start breathe heavily . she go into she bathroom -- 20 int . bathroom . continuous . 20 she kneel down next to the toilet and open it . she wait . she throw up into the toilet . Joan knock on the door . joan Lisa ? lisa just a second ...! Joan come into the bathroom . lisa ( cont 'd ) just a second ! she throw up again . joan oh my God , what happen to you ?!? - lisa it 's ok , Mom , it 's not my blood ...! joan what do you mean ? whose blood be it ? what , happen ?! lisa nothing ! Joan kneel down and try to help she . Lisa scream and put she arm around she mother and cry . 21 int . lisa' room . day . 21 Lisa be put on a bathrobe . her hair and body be still matte and streak with blood . Joan be pick up the bloody clothes and boot . joan I do not know if I be go to be able to get this clean again . lisa just throw they out . 21 21 continued : 21 joan let I see if I can get they clean . lisa ( start crying ) whv? just throw they out ! joan ( gently ) ok . 21a omit 21a 22 int . shower . 22 Lisa stand under the faucet let the water take the blood out of she hair and -hands . she look very young and little in the shower , little foot and face . 23 int . lisa' room . simultaneous . 23 o.c. we hear the shower . Joan scrub at the bloody boot . 24 int . kitchen . night . 24 Joan , Lisa and curtis eat dinner . Lisa have comb wet hair . she be very subdued . joan do anybody know who she be ? lisa I do not know . I guess she live around here . she have all this fairway grocery bag . curtis what do they do with she leg ? lisa I have no fuck idea . joan hey . come on ... 25 int . lisa' room . night . 25 Lisa be get make up to go out . Joan knock and come in . joan Lisa ? be you sure you do not want I to call in ...? lisa oh , no thanks Mom . I mean thank you : that 's really sweet . but I be suppose to go see Becky anyway . ( more ) 22 25 continued : 25 lisa ( cont 'd ) I do not really want to sit here think about it all night . go to work . I will be alright . Joan do not look so sure . 26 ext . movie theater - upper west side . night . 26 Darren , under the marquee , see Lisa and Becky come toward he . he 's not happy to see Becky . lisa hey . becky hey , Darren . - darren hey . lisa do you get the ticket ? 27 int . movie theater . night . 27 Lisa , Darren and Becky sit , the light from the movie flicker on they face . Darren be mad . Becky be enjoy they discomfiture . Lisa be have trouble concentrate . she get up and walk out . Darren and Becky look at each other -- not sure if she just go to the bathroom or leave altogether . 28 int . theater . night . 28 a upscale off - Broadway theater . the cast be take a curtain call . Joan , the lead , be in the middle . 29 int . joan' dressing room . night . 29 Joan be take she stage makeup off . there 's a knock . stagehand ( o.s. ) Joan ? you get some flower . joan can you bring them in ? 30 int . theater lobby . night . 30 a very well - dress , 55ish , interesting - look man be wait in the middle of the room . this be ramon . he be watch Joan , across the room , say good - night to a group of friend and admirer . joan thank you guy so much for come ...! it be really great to see you ...! 2nd pink revise 11/17/05 - page 23 30 30 continued : a she break away and cross toward Ramon . he speak with colombian accent . joan ( cont 'd ) hi -- be you Ramon ? ramon yes. hello . you be wonderful -- again . joan you be so sweet , thank you . and thank you for the beautiful flower ...! ramon oh you be very welcome . I hope you do not mind ... joan no , I be very flatter . and you have see the show before ...? ramon yes , two time . joan gosh . that 's very -- that 's a lot ! ramon oh no . it 's a beautiful performance . and I think it 's still in preview ...? joan yeah , we be on kind of a weird schedule ... ramon I think you will have a big success . joan well , at the moment we be just try to focus on what we be do ... ramon I do not know if you be busy , but will you allow I to - buy you a drink ? there 's a place right down the street ... if you like to ask you friend ... or if you do not eat dinner ... Joan see Lisa sit across the room wait . joan oh -- no -- thank you . I can not . I be just on my way home . 2nd pink revise 11/17/05 - page 23a 30 continued : ( 2 ) 30 ramon ok , it 's no problem . tomorrow I be go to London for a few day on business . perhaps when I come back ... joan um -- well -- ramon if it 's not convenient , it 's no problem . 2nd pink revise 11/17/05 - page 24 30 continued : ( 3 ) 30 joan no no no , it 's ok , um -- yeah . ramon I will send a word backstage ? or if you like to -- joan oh -- no , anything 's fine . I be sorry . I really have to go -- ramon it 's no problem . joan anyway , thank you so much for the flower ! ramon it 's a privilege to meet you . they shake hand . she head over to Lisa as Ramon head for the stair to leave the theater . joan I think you be at the movie ...! lisa yeah ... it be not very good . who 's that ? joan I do not know . he send I flower . lisa go out with he . joan you think ? lisa um , yeah ...! Ramon disappear up the stair . Joan and Lisa look at each other . joan hi , sweetie ... ! lisa she kiss and hug Lisa , squashing she a little . Lisa get a little tearful . Joan squeeze she tighter . 31 int . theater bar / restaurant . night . 31 Lisa be out with Joan and some of the other actor from the show . they be laugh and have a good time . 2nd pink revise 11/17/05 - page 24a 31 continued : 31 victor ( to joan ) do shirley Temple ! shirley Temple ! Joan do a very excellent shirley Temple imitation . everyone laugh . Lisa laugh and smile proudly . Joan glance at Lisa , check to see if this frivolity be really helpful or not such a good idea . 32 int . cohen apartment . day . 32 at the door , Lisa be ready to go to school . Joan , in a bathrobe , kiss she goodbye . lisa ' bye Mom . 25 32 continued : 32 joan I love you . lisa I love you too . Lisa go out . we stay with Joan , who look fretful . 33 ext . broadway . day . 33 Lisa walk down the street in slow motion . she pass through a gang of boy who hassle she as she go by . 34 ext . school . day . 34 still in slow-motion , she arrive at school . Becky , smoking outside , see she and approach , throw away she cigarette as we resume normal camera speed . 35 int . humanities CLASS . day . 35 Lisa sit in class dully . the class be read paperback of King lear . the teacher , JOHN , be a rather high - strung slightly harsh enthusiast with glass and a beard . JOHN Matthew , if you would read France ... and Anthony , you read burgundy ... ANTHONY ( with mock relish ) ah. burgundy . JOHN and I guess I be gonna hog the part of lear again ... 36 int . humanities CLASS . moment later . 36 John be walk back and forth , play in hand . the student be all read along . ANTHONY " most royal majesty , I crave no more than hath you highness offer would , nor will you tender less . " JOHN " right , noble burgundy , when she be dear to we , we do hold she so ; but now she price be fall and . " 37 int . upper west side diner . day . 37 Lisa and Darren sit in the diner eat club sandwich . two neighborhood lady , 70 , sit in a booth nearby . 26 37 continued : 37 darren if you do not want to go to the movie alone with -me Friday , you could have just tell I that . you do not need to bring Becky along as you bodyguard . lisa I do not bring she as a bodyguard . neighborhood lady 1 oh , he 's wonderful . he drive all the way to see she every Saturday . darren then why do you ? neighborhood lady 2 lisa that 's a long drive . I forget I tell Becky I would do something with she neighborhood lady 1 Friday night , so I invite you know he have three sister ? she along . I do not think the older one do not speak . it be gonna sully we they have not speak in four - whole relationship . teen year . darren ( mutter ) neighborhood lady 2 what relationship ? you do not say . lisa neighborhood lady 1 what be you mutter ? oh that whole family 's crazy . darren neighborhood lady 2 nothing . I will try to fourteen year ! improve my diction . ( pause ) what 's the matter ? neighborhood lady 1 and she have a little dog that lisa use to belong to the father , nothing . very ugly face . but do she love that dog . when I see that darren dog I say that 's the ugliest something obviously be ... dog I ever see . she say good ! nobody will steal he . lisa everything 's just fuck neighborhood lady 2 up ... who 's gonna steal he ? darren neighborhood lady 1 like what ? who 's gonna steal he ? lisa neighborhood lady 1 just everything . that 's what I say . darren neighborhood lady 2 but what specifically be what 's the name of it ? fuck up ? neighborhood lady 1 lisa ( very low ) it 's call a bull terrier . nothing . 27 37 continued : ( 2 ) 37 neighborhood lady 2 no , what 's the name of the dog ? neighborhood lady 1 barnaby . the two lady keep on talk . lisa ( very low , eye down ) so ... I have be think about you suggestion ... darren uh huh ...? lisa I guess i_do not think it 's a very good idea . darren why not ? lisa I guess I do not feel that way about you . darren but that kind of feeling can develop . I definitely feel like there 's a connection there . lisa ( very low ) I know there be . darren I just think you be scared . i'think you be scared of you own feeling . I think you have be hurt in the past by other guy and I think what it would feel like to have a real feel be really terrifying to you . she wipe she eye because tear be run down she cheek darren ( cont 'd ) what 's the matter ? ( pause ) what 's the matter ? she will not look at he . o.c. audience applause take we to : 38 38 int .-bar / restaurant . night . Joan and Ramon be have a drink at a small table . ramon my family be from colombia ... my.father work in the diplomatic service ... 2nd pink revise 11/17/05 - page 28 38 continued : 38 joan really . wow . ramon I grow up five year in Panama , four year in Holland , then nine year in Paris . after I finish university , I move back to colombia . so : when I be speak french , they think I be Spanish . when I be speak Spanish , they think I be french . joan and what do you do , Ramon ? ramon I have a company : we design computer software to help company in South american country . that use a incompatible software , so the computer can not talk to each other . it 's a big problem in Central and South America , where there be not usually so much coordination in computer communication . so right now there 's a big opportunity for we , because for the big software company it 's still in the backwood . that 's change already , but in the last ten year we have do extremely well . it 's the next ten year we be go to see what happen . joan uh huh ? God ... a39 int . bar / restaurant . later . a39 Joan and Ramon be leave the restaurant : ramon can I give you a lift ? joan oh -- no -- thank you , I be just gonna grab a cab , but thank you . ramon May I call you sometime ? joan ok , sure , that would be great . pause . ramon May I have you telephone number ? 2nd pink revise 11/17/05 - page 28a a39 continued : a39 joan oh my God , I be sorry , of course . duh ! hold on a minute : do you have a pen ? Ramon take out he cell phone . ramon what 's the number ? joan um -- 212 ... 39 omit . 39 40 int . cohen apartment . night . 40 Joan let herself in to the dark silent apartment . 41 int . joan' bedroom . night . 41 Joan lie awake , restless . she start masturbate . she kick off the cover and hike she nightgown up . just as she 's get work up there 's a knock on the door and it partly open . lisa Mom ...? joan ( startled ) just a second ! lisa ( open the door ) can I come in ? joan just one second , honey . hold on ! ( cover herself up ) come in . Lisa come in and sit on the edge of the bed . lisa can I talk to you ? joan sure . what 's up . 29 41 continued : 41 lisa how be the show ...? joan it be ok . be you all right ? lisa not really . joan what 's wrong ? lisa Mom ... I have to tell you something . joan ok . 42 ext . night . from across the STREET . simultaneous . 42 a slow pan across the building . we pick out Lisa talk to Joan in one little window . 43 int . joan be room . night . a minute later . 43 they sit there . Long pause . lisa so what do you think I should do ? joan well ... it do not sound like it be anybody 's fault ... lisa but do not you think I should say something to they now ? joan I do not know , sweetie . I mean , that bus driver probably have a family to support . he could probably lose he job ... so I think you should really think about that before you say anything ... you might end up feel even worse ... Lisa be not expect this response and do not like it . lisa ok ... Joan be not sure what she 's do wrong . joan ok ...? 30 43 continued : 43 klein ( o.c. ) think of the implication of what you be say ! 44 int . history CLASS . day . 44 angie , a syrian - american girl , have she hand up . klein . I be say what be the frame of reference for the average arab on the street ? Angie ! angie yeah , my family be from Syria ? and I just want to say that Americans have no idea how much people hate they all over the world . ok ? becky we do not ? angie and all my relative in Syria think that what we do in Afghanistan be terrorism . not to mention Iraq ... ANTHONY Syria be a theocratic military dictatorship . angie um , no it 's not : sorry . ANTHONY Syria be not a theocratic military dictatorship ? lisa um , I think we have a pretty good idea how much people hate we now actually , Angie . angie no we do not . lewis one at a time -- lisa they blow up we city , ok ? so yeah , I think we have a pretty good idea , and personally I do not give a shit . there be some laughter from the class . angie you should ! 2nd Blue revise 10/28/05 - page 31 44 continued : 44 lisa -- because the people who blow up the World Trade Center be a bunch of sick monster - angie oh they be monster ? lisa yes ! angie why ? because they be Arabs ? lisa no , because they kill three thousand people for no reason . klein hey , hey , one at a time ...! angie maybe they think they have a reason ! klein lisa hey , hey , hey ! like what ? they do not even have any demand ! angie they just want to kill why do we drop bomb people ! on innocent people in Afghanistan ? we be still what do you think we do it ! why do we should have have do ? invade Iraq ? the CLASS becky ( on " we be " ) they do not care about because , they declare war civilian casualty ! and on we , Angie ! Iraq have nothing to do with Afghanistan ! it have to do with angie oil ! no they do not ! Iraq do not declare war on lewis anybody ! they do not co come on guy , one at a time ! anything to we ! Anthony . ANTHONY they do have a reason . angie thank you . ANTHONY they want to establish a medieval Islamic caliphat in the Middle East and destroy western civilization . angie oh , where do you read that ? 2nd Blue revise 10/28/05 - page 31 a 44 continued : ( 2 ) 44 ANTHONY it 's on they website . angie okay , forget it . klein Angie ! angie no ! forget it ! klein go ahead with what you be say ! angie no ! why should I ? Green revise 10/7/05 - page 32 44 continued : ( 3 ) 44 lisa but why be you defend somebody who murder three thousand people ! angie I be not ! why be you defend a country that unilaterally invade two Muslim country and support the israeli occupation of Palestine ?! the class roar . lisa oh give I a break ! angie -- and drop bomb on woman and child and then call other people terrorist for do the exact same thing ! klein lisa ok -- ok -- because it 's not same thing ! angie yes it be ! klein lionel ! go ahead . lionel yeah , I just want to ask like , why be ok to drop bomb on man , but it 's not ok to drop bomb on woman and child ? be not that just reverse sexism ? klein I do not know . that 's a interesting point . I agree it 's a bullshit term . lisa this be totally stupid . klein ( look for hand ) uhhhhhh ... monica ! monica yeah , I think this whole class should apologize to Angie , because all she do be express she opinion about what she relative in Syria think about the fact that we bomb the shit out of a practically medieval culture -- angie thank you ! 2nd Blue revise 10/28/05 - page 33 44 continued : ( 4 ) 44 monica -- and everybody start scream at she like she be defend the ku klux klan ! lisa they be the ku klux klan ! they like to throw acid in woman 's face ! monica angie who do ? the afghanistans ? why do not you drop bomb -- afghany ? the Iraqis ? then why do not you drop bomb on the ku klux klan ? lisa because they be white ? yes ! no ! the Taliban ! do you wish they be lionel still there ? there 's six people with they hand raise before ANTHONY you , Lisa ! the correct term be afghan . monica ( to lisa ) but I be not even say I disagree with you ! I be only say I think it 's pathetic the way people in this class treat Angie just for say something they do not agree with . klein because that 's censorship , right ? right ? monica lisa yeah ! ( a joke : ) right on ! it 's not censorship ...! this class be not the angie government ! thank you ... ! ANTHONY that 's not technically lewis true . it 's censorship . lisa oh my God , no it 's not ! 45 int . cohen apartment . day . 45 Lisa be sit in the live room , ready to go out . Joan enter , coat on , purse in hand . joan ready ? 46 ext . local police precinct . day . 46 Joan and Lisa go into the station . 34 46a int . local police precinct - interview room . day . 46 a Mitchell walk Joan and Lisa into the interview room . mitchell we actually work outta highway one ? up in the bronx ? so for something ' like this we just borrow a local precinct ... joan uh huh ... 47 int . interview room . day - later . 47 Lisa and Joan sit with Mitchell . - mitchell would you say you have a clear line of vision ? lisa yes . mitchell ok , just describe what you see to I in you own word ? Lisa glance at Joan . Joan smile at she encouragingly . lisa she just step out in the street ? 48 omit . 49 ext . santa monica -- karl house . dusk . wide : a shabby bungalow house off Route 1 in Santa monica . the phone be ringing inside . 50 int . karl house / int . cohen apartment . simultaneous . 50 karl answer . he be 45ish with longish hair . a displace . New Yorker who never quite calm down . we CUT between they . karl lisa karl lisa how be you ? 35 50 continued : 50 karl I be great . I be look at a beautiful sunset over the ocean . do a little work . . . how be you ? lisa I be ok . karl practice you horseback riding ? lisa ( laugh ) oh yeah , I be really riding a lot . I be gettin ' this really bad saddle sore . _ karl ok . well . I would actually seriously recommend you go over to , uh , to claremont stables and see about get some lesson . lisa no , I be actually really think about do that ... karl so how 's everything go ? how 's school ? lisa School 's ok . I be kind of fuck up in geometry ... karl ok ...? lisa but my teacher 's really cool . so I guess it 's not too serious ... karl yeah . math be never my strong suit either . lisa well , I be definitely follow in you footstep in that regard - how be you ? karl I be fine . I be good . thing be pick up a little bit , which be good . how 's the boyfriend situation ? lisa oh the same . they be all kind of the same . 36 50 continued : ( 2 ) 50 karl uh huh ? well , next time you come out here I will try to hook you up with some more interesting people than you seem to be meeting at the moment . lisa thanks , dad , I do not really go for the California type . karl well -- I do not either , per se . it somewhat depend on who it be , obviously ... lisa hard to argue with . I think I will stop generalize , now ...! karl ok . well , that 's about all on my end , babe . I will give you a call in a week or two . give my love to curtis , and say hello to you Mom . lisa ok , I can not wait for we trip . karl yeah . I think we be gonna have a really good time . lisa karl ok . well , I love you . . it 's gonna be really fun . um -- Love you too . lisa bye dad . karl bye sweetie . 51 51 ext . karl house . dusk . Karl step onto he deck . we hear the Route 1 traffic o.c. 52 int . lisa' room - later . 52 Lisa lie on the bed next to the hang - up phone . 53 int . theater . night . 53 Joan be on stage with fellow actor victor . joan it 's true . two year of college . two year at the magazine . two year with you . ( more ) 37 53 continued : 53 joan ( cont 'd ) ( burst into tear ) I be kind of a two - year gal ...! in the laughing audience -- Lisa watch , unamuse . 54 int . cab ( moving ) night . 54 Joan and Lisa sit silently in the rattling cab . joan what do you think of the play ? lisa it be ok . silence . - joan well , thank you , honey . lisa what do you want I to say ? joan I think it be ok ! nothing ! you say it ! next time I will lie ! joan ( cont 'd ) do not come next time ! lisa I will not ! 55 int . student lounge - outside the theater office . day . 55 paul , a droll handsome senior , be hold court , foot up on a desk , a unlit cigarette in he hand . paul yeah , like I would be in a movie , only I would be do exactly what I be do right now : like I would be sit here smoking a cigarette , and I would have my foot up on . the desk , but the camera would be on I and I would just be act , except I would not do anything differently from how I be do it right now . nearby , becky and lisa be look at a poster for " guy and doll . " it say " only 3 week before this earth-shattering musical extravaganza hit the emersonian stage ! becky I still do not get why you do not even audition . you be such a good singer . 38 55 continued : 55 lisa I still might do light or something . but I be not gonna make a fuckin ' ass out of myself parade around in a play so I can ask everyone how great I be for three year afterwards like my fuck - ass mother . 56 ext . alley . day . 56 everyone be smoking . Lisa be hold forth to some girl . lisa do I tell you guy I see a woman get she leg cut off by a bus ? girl what ? really ? be you kid ? lisa check out my boot . girl oh my God ! what happen ? where be you ? what do you see , etc ? Becky look at Lisa , surprised and hurt that this be the first she 's hearing about this . 56A int . theater restaurant . night . 56 a Joan be at a table with Ramon again . joan you do know I have two kid , right ? ramon yes . I would like to meet they . joan you be really smooth . ramon I would love to meet you kid . I have two boy myself . I be not smooth . ( pause ) would you like to have a nightcap ? joan oh , god. 57 omitted 57 58 int . becky's room . night . 58 Becky and Lisa be smoking pot . they be dolled up . 39 , 58 continued : 58 becky be you aware that thing have get to the point where I now have to hear thing about you from other people and I can not even correct they because I no longer have any first -hand information about you myself ? lisa what be you talk about ? becky nothing . I just feel like we use to be really close -- like , up until a few day ago . and I be not really get that from you anymore . lisa Becky . give I a break . pause . becky I can not believe you just say that to I . that be really hard for I to say , and that 's you response ? lisa can we just go please ? becky ( sarcastic ) Fine . would you like to smoke any more of my pot before we leave or have you have as much as you want now ? lisa ( sarcastic back ) oh , I would like to have a little bit more please . becky Fine . get fuckin ' out of my house ! lisa Fine . but this be totally stupid because we be both go to the same party . 59 int . party house -- bathroom . night . 59 the door open and we catch a glimpse of a big party in a brownstone full of circulate kid . lisa and paul cram into the bathroom and shut the door again . a moment later - she be sit on the toilet . he be on the hamper unscrew a small vial of coke - . 40 59 continued : 59 lisa it 's very hard to be cool under this circumstance . paul you do not have to be cool . all youhaveto do be snort it up you nose . lisa I will try ...! he give she the spoon . she snort it . paul and then you wanna do the other nostril because you always want to be symmetrical . very important . she snort some up the other nostril . Paul do some too and close the vial . _ paul ( cont 'd ) symmetry . lisa you be so funny ...! ( pause ) so what do we do now ? paul now we make out . lisa Paul ...! what about you girlfriend ? paul I be sorry . it just sound like you just ask I about my girlfriend . lisa oh , never mind ... they make out . he immediately start feel she up . she push he hand away . paul you be not serious . lisa oh ... no . he move he hand back . she let he . 60 int . party house -- stairwell . night . 60 Lisa come down around the stair at a mellow drunken pace . she see Darren sit by himself on the floor at the end of a dark hallway . she walk over ' to he and crouch down . 41 60 continued : 60 lisa hey ... you know I really love you , right ? darren not really . pause . she kiss he softly and they make out for a minute . lisa I guess I be not very consistent . darren I do not mind . he kiss she again . she draw back slightly . - lisa I gotta go home . darren ok ... 61 int . ramon' bathroom . night . 61 Joan sit on the toilet seat naked , smoking , hair tousle , a little overexcite . Ramon knock . she jump . ramon ( o.c. ) Joan ? be you all right ? joan yes ! Fine ! be out in a sec . she get up , flush the cigarette , look in the mirror , tousle she hair , snap off the light and open the door . 62 omit 62 63 int . geometry CLASS . day . 63 the. last student file out except Lisa . Mr. Aaron be erase the blackboard . mr aaron yes , Becky ? um -- Lisa ? lisa be you still mad at I about the test ? mr aaron what 's go on , Lisa ? 64 int . geometry CLASS - a few minute later . day . 64 Lisa and Mr Aaron sit at he desk . 42 64 continued : 64 lisa . because maybe my mother be right , and the bus driver be completely devastate as it be . and I be just gonna be this little rich girl who call up the cop to ease she conscience , and then end up ruin somebody 's life , when I be the one who be distracting he in the first place . mr aaron what do you be rich have to do with anything ? lisa you know what I mean . - mr aaron no , I do not . lisa oh my God , I do not mean literally rich . my dad make like one bad tv commercial like , every two year , and my Mom life from like , voice - over to Voice over . I mean rich compare to the bus driver . mr aaron ok ... but I still do not see what any of that have to do with what you do or do not want to tell the investigate officer about the accident you witness . lisa nothing , I guess . I be sorry . when you be raise to be a knee-jerk liberal you tend to think about this thing . lionel and a girl open the door . mr aaron lionel ? tamara ? it 's gonna be five minute . lionel I just think you would want to know there 's like a lot of people out here and it 's get kind of hard to breathe . mr aaron you better close that door now , lionel . lionel close the door . mr aaron ( cont 'd ) all right : I have to let that guy in . I do not want to leave you hang ... if you be really hurtin' ... we could get a cup of coffee after school ... 43 64 continued : ( 2 ) 64 lisa I would do that . Mr Aaron sigh a little . 64a time permitting . 64 a 65 ext . coffee shop . day . 65 through a window we see Mr Aaron and Lisa talk ( mos ) . 66 int . live room . night . 66 Lisa be watch tv . Joan come in dress for the opera . joan do this - make I look fat ? lisa um , a little . joan well , there 's nothing I can do about it . lisa where be you go ? joan the opera ...! lisa why be you go to the opera ? joan it turn out he 's a really big opera fan ...! anyway , do not you think it 's kind of fun ? we should all go sometime . lisa uh , no thanks . joan why not ? I bet you would like it . lisa I do not like that kind of sing . joan but you like classical music . lisa yes . that 's true . but I do not like opera sing . 44 66 continued : 66 joan lisa but when have you ever -- it 's like they entire reason for exist be to prove how loud they can be . I do not really find that all that interesting . joan yeah . I know what you mean . but it 's not all like that . you like the Magic flute . lisa ok . I guess I be wrong . I guess I do like opera sing . I just do not realize it . joan what be the matter with you ? lisa nothing at all ! why be you push this ? I do not want to go to the opera ! joan yes ! ok ! it 's call a invitation . I be not push anything ! all you have say be " no thanks ! " lisa I do ! and then you be like , " why not ? " so then I tell you , and then you start like , debate I ! like you assume I have never think this through for myself ! which I have ! many time ! joan ok , well , that be a really contemptuous assumption on my part . I do not actually like the opera that much myself . but I be try to expand my mind . maybe that 's wrong ! ( pause ) I be sorry . I guess I be a little nervous about you guy meeting Ramon . lisa why ? what 's the big deal ? why be you so influence by what I and curtis think ? what curtis and I think . joan because obviously if I be see somebody new it would important to I that you guy would like he and that he like you . why would not I be nervous about that ? lisa I guess you would . withdrawn . 45 66 continued : ( 2 ) 66 joan hey ... why do everything I say annoy you ? lisa Jesus Christ , I be just sit here ! joan here : you be I , and say anything , and I will respond the way you have be respond to I this whole conversation . lisa no ...! joan go ahead : say something to lisa I and I will say something no ! I be not gonna do to you the way you say that . everything to I -- why not ? lisa because it 's dumb ! I be horrible ! I get you point ! joan ( like lisa ) " ok , uh , whatever . " lisa be that suppose to be a imitation of I ? joan ( " " ) " um , ok : withdrawn . " lisa well , for someone who 's suppose to be a professional actress that 's a pretty lame - ass impersonation of someone in you own family . Lisa shake she head and watch the tv . pause . joan be you come to my open night ? lisa I will if I have to . pause . joan you be a little cunt , do you know that ? lisa yes . you be a big cunt . 46 66 continued : ( 3 ) 66 joan ok . let 's not start talk to each other that way . lisa you just call I a cunt , Mom ! joan ok , I be sorry I say that . lisa but if you be really why ? it 's refresh ! saying -- joan -- if you be really say you be not aware that you have be really annoyed with I , or really irritable with I -- and it do not matter if _ I express it exactly accurately : you know what I be try to say --! lisa not really . joan if you be say you be completely unaware of that , then I have to say I do not think you be be honest about it . now maybe I be do something really horrible to you without be aware of it , but I have a show open in two week , I be very nervous about it , I be see a new person and I be obviously anxious about you and curtis like he -- whether you think I should be or not ! -- you be involved in a horrible traumatic accident , you be go on this crazy horseback riding trip with you father -- lisa oh my God ! joan -- which sound like a recipe for disaster to I ! and on top of everything else , Lisa , ever since I tell you about Ramon you have be treat I like I be insane ! lisa um , I think you be exaggerate slightly . joan now what be I suppose to do ?! lisa just -- joan what be I suppose to do ?! 47 66 continued : ( 4 ) 66 lisa just stop whining about everything ! it do not matter . norte of that matter at all ! you have be in a million play , you always get freak out because of what some dumb critic be gonna say about you dumb play , I do not frankly give a shit about Ramon or who you be go out with this week -- joan I never go out with anyone ! lisa do not talk to I that way ! right ! I do not care ! I have barely have a date in the last two year ! lisa ( cont 'd ) but I do not care about any of this ! it do not matter ! you boyfriend do not matter ! you play do not matter , except to you ! I do not care about New Mexico , because to tell you the truth I be probably not even go -- joan what do you mean ? lisa -- and you want to know something else , Mom ? there be more important problem in the world than we relationship ! there 's a whole city out there full of people who be die ! so who care if I like you fuck boyfriend ? it 's so trivial ! why be you bother I about all this ? it do not matter !!! pause . the intercom buzzer buzze . Joan hesitates . joan well -- should I have he come up now ? or should I have he wait downstairs ...? lisa do whatever you want . I do not care ! joan I do not even know what we be talk about . lisa I know you do not . that 's the problem . joan oh give I a break . 48 67 ext . lincoln CENTER . night . 67 Ramon and Joan walk toward the Metropolitan Opera House . ramon everything be all right ? joan oh , yeah . I be so excited to be go to the opera ! I do not think I have really go more than one or two time ! ramon well , I wish it be not Norma but it 's still fun to go . - joan ( a joke : ) what if we just go to see something else instead ? ramon you do not want to hear Norma ? joan no -- I do not mean that . I just mean would not it be funny if we just walk into one of the other event , like if we just go to see the Daniel goldfarb play instead . ramon I think you will enjoy this . 68 int . metropolitan opera . night . 68 Joan and Ramon sit in the audience listen to Norma . Joan lean in toward Ramon and whisper : joan it 's beautiful ...! ramon ( smile at she ) shhh . 69 int . lisa' room / paul' room . night . 69 Lisa dial a phone number off a slip of paper . the line ring . we CUT between they . paul ( answer the phone ) yo. lisa hey , Paul . goldenrod revise 10/23/05 - page 49 69 continued : 69 paul hey . lisa it 's Lisa Cohen . paul yeah , how 's it go ? lisa ok . ( pause ) what have you be up to ? paul see some questionable movie . not decide where to go to college ... lisa sound good ... ( pause ) so ... I be just think ... this be gonna sound really queer , but ... by any chance would you want to meet somewhere and like , take away my virginity ? paul um ... all right . lisa really ? God , I be so flatter . paul to what do I owe this inconceivable honor ? lisa actually it 's because of my deep passionate feeling for you , Paul . paul that 's pretty much what I figure ... ( pause ) so , do you want to come over here ? should I come over there ...? lisa well , my Mom just go out for the evening ... except my little brother 's get drop off at some point , come to think of it , so I be actually suppose to be here when he get home . paul all right . ( pause ) do you want to give I you address ? lisa ( blush almost to death ) it 's 252 West 85th Street ... Green revise 10/7/05 - page 50 70 int . darren' room / lisa' room . night . 70 Darren lie on he bed , depressed . he dial the phone . lisa ( on the phone ) hello ? darren hey . what be you up to ? lisa hey , nothing . write my King lear paper . darren really ? that 's impressive . lisa not really . darren I have just never know you to be so devote to you study before . lisa well , I do not want to fail humanity . darren you be not gonna fail humanity . lisa no , probably not . darren so what do you do tonight ? lisa actually , Darren ... I do not really feel like talk right now . pause . darren ok . lisa ok ? darren yeah . I will talk to you later . lisa ok . darken ok , bye . Green revise 10/7/05 - page 50 a 70 continued : 70 lisa bye . 51 70 continued : ( 2 ) 70 Darren hang up and start cry . 71 int . hall . night . 71 Lisa , dress up a little and wear some makeup , open the door for Paul . he 's not dress up at all . he 's smoking . paul hey . lisa hey , come in . she step aside . he pass she and come in . paul I think I - just alienate one of you neighbor by smoking in the elevator . lisa oh really ? what do they say ? paul she basically say there be no smoking in the elevator . lisa that 's original ... tracking they as they come into the live room ... lisa ( cont 'd ) so this be the live room . paul very livable . lisa we like it ... my Mom have not read any of this book , by the way . paul have you ? lisa some of they . not all of they . Paul look at the rise and fall of the third Reich . paul this book be a very cool book . lisa yeah , I think the third Reich may be a little bit too much for I right now . 52 71 continued : 71 paul it 's pretty hard to put down once you get start . - lisa do you want anything to drink ? paul I would take a beer . 72 int . kitchen . night . 72 Lisa have two beer out and be look through drawer . lisa ok , I have no idea where the bottle opener be . - paul here , lemme have they . he take the beer and open they on the edge of the counter . he make two mark in the counter do this . lisa thanks . paul whoops . I think I just permanently damage you kitchen counter . sorry . lisa oh -- that 's ok . do not worry about it . paul wo not you " mother " be " upset ? " lisa how come everything you say always sound so ironic ? you do not even have to do anything and it just come out sounding like , totally ironic and funny . paul it 's just a gift . she laugh nervously . they drink beer . lisa so ...do you want to see my room ? paul sure . 73 int . lisa' room . night . 73 they come into she room . she close the door . 53 73 continued : 73 lisa this be my room . ta da . paul very nice . she realize she have some stuff animal on the bed . lisa and this be my stuff animal . paul always important to meet the stuff animal . lisa this be some drawing I do ... not that I should be show they to you , because I know you be like a really good artist , right ? paul I would like to be a really good artist . at this point I think it would be more accurate to say I be good at draw . lisa yeah , I just do it for fun . but I have always really like it ... he look at she picture . lisa ( cont 'd ) so...can I ask you a question ? paul yes ? lisa this be probably gonna sound very immature , but how can you be so relaxed , know what we be about to do ? or be it just like no big deal to you ? ( pause ) ok , that be a really stupid question and I be like totally embarrassed right now . I be actually more embarrassed than I have ever be in my life . if you want to go home now that 's totally ok . paul easy there . do not be embarrassed . it 's basically like , the world 's great activity , but it 's not actually worth get nervous about . 54 73 continued : ( 2 ) 73 lisa yeah : I do not usually get nervous because I think it 's worth it : I usually get nervous because I can not help the way I feel . although I do think that if anything be worth get nervous about , it 's this . but maybe that 's just really idealistic of I . paul there be that philosophy . lisa you be so funny ...! paul do you have a ashtray ? lisa oh you can just chuck it out the window . Paul struggle to open the window and toss he cigarette . he close the window and come across the room to kiss she . lisa ( cont 'd ) be we start ? paul I be think about it , yeah . lisa and be I be really dorky right now ? paul you be not suave . lisa I be sorry . I guess I be a little nervous . please ignore . paul do not be nervous . I promise this be gonna be a great experience for you . you be gonna have like four , five hundred orgasm at least . he kiss she . they make out . paul ( cont 'd ) ok , let 's talk about you kissing . do not panic . it 's just a technical thing . Lisa collapse with she face in the bed out of shame . lisa what be you like the nicest guy in the world ? 55 73 continued : ( 3 ) 73 paul no ... 74 int . lisa' room . night . later . 74 it 's dark . they clothes be off , but we do not see much . she be give he a handjob . lisa like that ? paul ( not quite but close enough ) yes ... lisa in I suppose to go really fast at the end or something ? paul yeah , but we be gonna move on before that -here : he shift around and try to go down on she . lisa you do not have to do that . paul I know . I want to . pause . she slide up away from he . lisa do not do that , ok ? I be just embarrassed . let I do it to you . paul all right . 75 int . lisa' room . later . 75 he be positioning himself on top of she . paul be you ready ? lisa yeah . paul ok . this be a little tricky : it 's probably gonna hurt a little , at first , but then it 's gonna get better ... just be patient . there be certain technical difficulty on my end that have to be address or it 's not gonna happen . 56 75 continued : 75 lisa ok : you sound insane . they laugh . paul ok , ready ? lisa ( suddenly frightened ) yeah . paul ok ? lisa ( in pain ) mm hm . paul ok , hang on ... lisa ow ! paul ok -- there we go . do it hurt now ? lisa kind of , yeah . paul ok , just try to relax . it will get better in a second ... lisa do you bring a condom ? paul uh huh ... lisa should not you put it on ? paul I will in a second . lisa this be really kind of hurt . paul ok -- one second . lisa I love you . 57 75 continued : ( 2 ) 75 paul what ? lisa nothing . paul ok -- hold on -- shit -- lisa what ? paul ok , one second -- ohh ! sorry -- sorry -- he come inside she . silence . he carefully roll over . paul ( cont 'd ) sorry about that . kind of get away from I . lisa do any of it get inside I ? paul I do not know . lisa ( feeling around ) yeah . it definitely do . paul honest to God ? it 's probably ok . the odd be overwhelmingly that it 's ok . o.c. the doorbell ring . lisa that 's my little brother . she get a bathrobe and go out . we track her through the whole apartment . she open the door for curtis . lisa ( cont 'd ) hi , curtis . curtis hi. we track she back to she room . she shut the door . paul have put on he underwear and be smoking a cigarette . paul hey . lisa hey. ( sit down ) can I have a drag ? ( take a drag of he cigarette ) thanks . ( more ) 58 75 continued : ( 3 ) 75 lisa ( cont 'd ) ( give it back to he ) I be actually kind of mad at you ... paul why ? ( pause ) why ? ( pause ) because we do not use birth control ? lisa I guess so . paul it be at the ready ... lisa well , I do not really want to get aids , you know ? and I really do not want to have a abortion , because I know when you have one at my age it , can be really hard to get pregnant later on , and I definitely want to have child some day . paul do not you ever hear of the " Morning after the guy come too fast pill ? " lisa oh , the " I be a total Fucking moron " pill ? paul well ... that 's the canadian name . lisa yes . I prefer not to put too many chemical inside my body if I can avoid it . I be sure it 's fine ... or not ...! paul try to listen to I . right about now be when you be traditionally suppose to freak out . so why do not you just not ? you be not gonna get aids , because I do not have aids -- lisa how do you know ? have you be test ? paul no , but I be pretty sure I do not have it , because of my demographic . and the odd be you be probably not gonna have to have a abortion either . and since this be you first time , it might as well be a basically happy memory instead of a shitty one . lisa I be sorry . I be not completely in control of my emotion . ( pause ) anyway ... thank you for deflower I . 59 75 continued : ( 4 ) 75 paul you be welcome . lisa do it freak you out that I say I love you ? paul no ... it do not freak I out . lisa you do not have to say it back , because I know you probably have like no feeling at all for I . paul I think i_just prove I have some feeling for you . lisa you should probably go now ... 76 int . live room . night . 76 Lisa walk Paul past curtis who be practice the piano . paul yo. lisa that 's my brother . paul what 's up ? curtis hi. Lisa walk Paul to the front door . 77 int . lisa' room . night . 77 she change into she pajamas . 78 lisa' bathroom . night . 78 she wash she face and brushes she tooth . 79 int . live room . night . 79 she come out and settles down next to curtis to watch tv . 80 int . metropolitan opera . night . 80 the audience applaud the opera cast thunderously . near Joan and Ramon a male opera enthusiast be stand . 60 80 continued : 80 opera fan bravil bravil 81 ext . lincoln CENTER . night . 81 Joan and Ramon walk arm in arm away from lincoln Center . joan oh , I love it ! it be so exciting ! ramon ' good ! we should go again ! joan but how about that people yell " bravi ! " and " brava ! " ramon how do you mean ? joan it 's just so pretentious . " bravi ! " " bravi ! " why can not they just say " bravo ? " ramon well , it 's the plural . joan I know -- ramon it 's the plural of " bravo . " it 's what they say to acknowledge the ensemble . joan no , I know , I know it 's correct , it just -- do not you think there be something a little pretentious about that people ? ramon pretentious ? joan I do not mean they do not really enjoy it ... but you know how you can really be enjoy something -- but you be also kind of look around out of the corner of you eye -- because you know people be watch you enjoy it ...? do that make sense at all ? ramon yes , but I would not say that it be pretentious . in italian you say " bravo " for a man and " brava " for a woman , and " bravi " for the whole company . 61 81 continued : 81 joan uh huh ? ok , I see what you mean . ramon you use the masculine for the male singer and the feminine for the female singer . joan yeah ... anyway , I really enjoy it . thank you . ramon we will have to go again . joan it be so glamorous ...! 82 int . school theater -- lighting booth . day . 82 Lisa be on a headset . below , on the stage matthew be sing to a girl . matthew ( sing ) " my time of day be the dark time ... " lisa cue thirty -six , go . gary the theater teacher ( o.c . ) ok , hold up a second . lisa ( into headset ) ok , we be gonna do that one more time please . let 's back it up please ... matthew why be we stop ? 83 int . school theater . night . 83 all the kid in the show be sit more or less in a circle . gary the theater teacher , 30 , have the floor . gary now I know there 's be a lot of shit go on between a lot of the people in this room .. but I wanna tell you something : you have work too fuck hard for this show to be derail now by the kind of bullshit I know have be go on around here . now , I will bet you there 's not one person work on this show who have not get somebody they want to say something to , include I . so I be gonna start . Matthew ? 62 83 continued : 83 matthew ( slowly ) by " Matthew , " I assume you mean I ? gary yes . I mean you . Matthew come slowly into the middle of the circle . matthew yes ? gary you be probably one of the most talented kid who 's ever perform at this school . but you be too goddamn lazy , you think you can just waltz through this part , and it 's pissing I off . because this show cannot come together until you learn you fuck line . ok ? _ matthew so you would like I to memorize they . everyone laugh . gary yes , I would like you to memorize they ! now. ( brightly ) you turn ! matthew but I be not mad at anyone . I just want everyone to think I be a great guy . everyone laugh . 83a int . school theater . night . later . 83a becky and lisa be in the circle , ' both cry . lisa but I be jealous of you ... becky why would you be jealous of I ...! lisa because of everything ! ' Cause you always get such good grade and you family never have to worry about money , and you parent be still together , and I be really jealous of you other friend ! becky well , I be really sorry if I hurt you ! 63 83a continued : 83a lisa I too ! they embrace tearfully . many of the kid be move . some be not . Becky leave Lisa in the circle . Lisa wipe she eye . lisa ( cont 'd ) Darren ...? Darren unglue himself from he perch on a table , and sit in the circle with she . lisa ( cont 'd ) I know that I be not who you want I to be to you . and I know how much I have hurt you . but I still can not believe it mean we can not be friend anymore ! so much have be happen to I this semester -- darren ( with understanding ) I know . I know . lisa ( in tear ) -- and it 's like I can not even talk to you about it because I hurt you so bad ! darren yes you can . of course you can . you can talk to I about anything . lisa I do not love anybody more than you ! you be practically my best friend ! darren I love you too . I really do ...! they hug and cry . leslie raise she hand . gary Leslie ? leslie can I just say , I think this show be like two and a half second away from be fuck amazing , and if we could all just work together , instead of be at each other all the time , I think we could all just be incredible . everyone applaud , except angie , who raise she hand . Green revise 10/7/05 - page 64 83a continued : ( 2 ) 83a angie yeah . ( Long pause ) yeah . I be gonna say it . I feel really fuck over by some of the people in this room . I be not say I be not gonna do my job , but for some reason , a lot of the actor in this show seem to think that this whole show be about they . and I think I speak for a lot of the techy when I say that I feel really unappreciate and basically fuck over . and I do not know if I can get over it . I do not . that 's all . nobody say anything . paul raise a hand . his pretty girlfriend be seat next to he . gary yes , Paul ? paul yeah , I be just play in the band , you know ? this be hicrh school . you know ? I do not really feel a strong need to like , all be on the same team with everybody . I just want to come to rehearsals , do the show , go up on the roof and smoke some pot , and then like , go on home . I do not really wanna cry and hug anybody . there be laugh and some cheer . gary oh you wanna hug I a little , do not you Paul ? paul ok , Gary , man , I will give you a little hug . no kissin ' though . Gary charge over and hug Paul . everyone laugh and clap . Gary grab Paul 's face and kiss he on the cheek . everyone be laugh . Lisa look at Paul , who settles back with he girlfriend . he see Lisa look at he and give she a little salute . Lisa catch darren 's eye . he be look at she with the unwelcome gaze of love . she look away . his heart harden against she . 84 int . cohen kitchen . day . 84 Lisa be at the breakfast table , look through a stack of back issue of the New York Times . she find the item she want : 65 84 continued : 84 upper west - side woman kill in bus accident . monica Patterson , a long-time Upper West sider , be strike by and kill by a city bus Friday afternoon on Broadway . the bus driver , Gerald maretti , be not at fault , police say ... 85 int . cohen apartment . live room ./ int . highway one police 85 station . day . Lisa be on - the phone . curtis be watch tv . mitchell ( on phone ) Accident investigation . detective Mitchell . lisa hi , my name - be Lisa Cohen . I be a witness in a bus accident case a few week ago ... mitchell yeah , hi , Lisa , what can I do for you ? lisa well , this be probably gonna sound a little weird , but be you allow to tell I how to get in touch with that woman 's family ? I be obviously probably too late to go to the funeral , but I really want to send some flower or something . mitchell yeah , I can -- lisa or be that like classified information ? mitchell no no . family 's be notify ... lemme see what I get . lisa she mention she have a daughter ... mitchell lemme just ... ok : I do not have anything for a daughter . the only contact I have be a cousin , abigail berwitz . I get a number in Arizona ... lisa so do you have the trial , or whatever ? or do you make the -- do they have a ruling yet ? 66 85 continued : 85 mitchell yes . it be , uh , no criminality find . ok ? lisa no criminality . mitchell right . lisa wow . that 's a -- great system you get . ok . wow . mitchell ok ? lisa yeah . 86 int . lisa' room ./ int . abigail' house . day . 86 Lisa be on the phone . lisa yes , I be try to reach abigail berwitz ? abigail this be abigail . lisa hi , my name be Lisa Cohen . you do not know I ... I ... abigail yes ? hello ? lisa hi. sorry . yeah . I be actually call about you cousin , monica Patterson ? abigail ok ...? lisa I be actually there when she have -- during the accident . I do not know she , but I be the one who be with she when she die ... abigail ok ...? lisa yeah . I be sort of hold she hand at the time ... 67 86 continued : 86 abigail yes ? what can I do for you ? lisa ok . well , ummm , I see she obituary in the paper , but I do not see anything about a funeral . I assume they have one , because -- abigail ( on " assume " ) ) no . as far as I know they be do something or other next week . but -- lisa I be sorry : and I be also wonder , she say something about she daughter ? abigail lisa no . her daughter -- she want someone no -- her 's daughter 's to get ahold of she ? not alive -- she -- I be sorry : pass away quite a long time ago . lisa oh my god. be it ... be she sick ? or be it -- abigail she have leukemia . lisa oh my gosh . and -- do you mind if I ask : be she name Lisa ? abigail yes ...? lisa ok , see , that explain it . see , I think she think -- abigail could I just interrupt ? how do you get this number ? lisa oh -- the police -- I ask the Accident investigating investigator who to contact if I want to -- abigail ( on " if " ) well they really should not be give out my number . ( blurt out ) this be harassment ! 68 86 continued : ( 2 ) 86 lisa ( shocked ) I be sorry ! - I be not try to harass you -- abigail I have be get call about this for three week ! one of monica 's neighbor give the police my number and all of a sudden I be the focal point for all this arrangement ! and I gotta tell you people , I do not have any kind of relationship with monica whatsoever , unless you want to count the fact that she hold up my child 's inheritance for fifteen year . I guess we be just suppose to forget about all that now . and I be more than willing . but the perso n you should be call be Emily morrison , who be monica 's friend and be the person who have be deal with all of this in New York . but it have nothing to do with I . lisa I be sorry ! I do not really know who to contact -- abigail now I can give you she number , but I would very much appreciate it if the call would stop . lisa yes -- please . can you hold on while I get a pen ? abigail yes , all right . 87 int . emily's apartment / cohen apartment . day . 87 emily morrison , 40s , be on the phone in she Upper West side apartment . she 's on the phone with Lisa . emily I guess it would be all right ... it 's only go to be a few close friend , and some client I imagine ... lisa oh so be she a lawyer ? emily monica ? no . she be a social worker . she use to be , anyway . she have -- several career . 69 87 continued : 87 lisa be you really good friend with she ? emily yes I be . 88 int . cohen apartment . day . 88 Joan be read audition side . Lisa pass through , dress somberly . joan where you go , sweetie ? lisa I be go to that woman 's funeral . joan be you sure you do not want I to come ? lisa why ? I do not even know she . joan I would be come for you . 89 int . emily's central park west apartment . day . 89 emily open the door for lisa . in the b.g. about thirty people be gather . a mix of Upper West sider , social worker , and monica 's multi-ethnic client . emily hi. be you Lisa ? lisa yeah . thank you so much for let I come . emily why do not you come on in ? we be about to start . do you want anything to drink ? lisa oh -- um -- no thanks . emily we have bad hor d'oeuvre and good hor d'oeuvre . lisa oh - that 's quite all right , thank you . 90 int . emily's live room . day . 90 everyone be seat on Emily 's chair and borrow chair . 70 90 continued : 90 emily well - thank you all for come . woman mourner thank you for do this , Emily . the mourner yes , thank you , Emily . emily as you all know , monica be not a religious woman . anybody who ever have to sit through a wedding or a funeral with she know how she feel about formal occasion . so Harry and elise and I , when we be talk about this , decide we would just have everyone over and let . anyone who want to.talk . about monica just talk about she . maybe share some remembrance of she . some of we know each other , some of we do not . but we be all here because we love monica . ( she stop . get a hold of herself ) and because we want to pay tribute to she in a way that might conceivably not enrage she . everyone laugh slightly . emily ( cont 'd ) I do not want to tell anyone what to think , or how to feel . and I do not want to kid myself about the stupid , meaningless way she die , because it would really make she throw up . but I do not want it to become the summation of she life . because it 's not . when she Lisa die I say to she , " how can you stand it ? " and she say . " first of all I can not . but I do not want to take away the twelve year she do have , and turn they all into leukemia . because they be not . " so despite the fact that she get -- rip off , I do think it 's important to remember that monica get a lot out of life . she be the most fully develop person I personally have ever know . she be also impossible to get along with , but that 's another story . everybody laugh . emily ( cont 'd ) as most of you know , she have more than she share of trouble over the year . but that never diminish she compassion or stop she from embrace life to the absolute fullest -- measure . 71 90 continued : ( 2 ) 90 2 nd mourner she sure do . emily so. now I have say my little piece . and now I want to talk a little bit about the first time we meet . she be twenty one . Emily stop so as not to cry . there be a long , charge silence . woman mourner it 's ok , Emily . emily I know ...! ( she wait ) and I be nineteen ! even though it 's impossible for my child to believe i.was ever that young . Emily 's college - age kid , a boy and a girl , smile warmly at she from across the room . 91 int . emily's apartment . later . day . 91 everyone be milling around . Lisa be talk to Emily . lisa Emily , thank you so much for let I be here . emily do not be silly , honey . you be sweet to come by . lisa do not she have any family ? emily no , she be the last one . except for some cousin in Arizona . you talk to abigail . she 's the one who give you my number ... lisa yeah ... emily well , she 's a live nightmare . they never get along at all . woman mourner Excuse I . good bye , Emily . thank you so much for do this . Emily and the woman mourner hug each other goodbye . 72 91 continued : 91 emily listen . I still can not believe this be happen ...! ( she start cry ) I mean what the fuck be wrong with she ? woman mourner I do not know ! emily I do not understand why she do not kill herself when Lisa die ! and then Barry , and then after all that with she mother , and then she father , she get hit by a fuck bus ? it 's like a joke ! but that 's monica . always the worst luck . always . ( notice lisa ) ok , sweetheart . thank you for come . please do not stand there stare at I , ok ? lisa ( startle , embarrassed ) I be sorry ! I just want to say goodbye . emily it 's ok . thank you for come . you be very sweet . lisa ( to woman mourner ) Goodbye . woman mourner Goodbye . as Lisa - go out she hear : woman mourner ( cont 'd ) who be that ? emily that 's a girl who be pass by at the time of the accident . she be right - there when she die , and she want to come to the funeral . I tell she there be no funeral , but she want to come anyway . I would not have do that at she age , would you ? woman mourner no ... 92 time permitting . 92 93 time permitting . 93 94 time permitting . 94 73 95 ext . lisa' room . night . 95 Lisa be on the phone .- the Times article about the accident be on she bed . o.c. we hear curtis practice he scale . lisa no -- m a R E T T I .. what about Brooklyn ? . thank you . she write down the number and hang up . look at the number . dial the phone . it ring once . she hang up . 96 int . english CLASS . day . 96 Lisa be very disengage from the discussion . John be walk back and forth , read aloud from King lear . JOHN ( reading ) " we be to the god as fly to wanton boy . they kill we for they sport . " ( pause ) we be to the god as fly to wanton boy . they kill we for they sport . " what do you make of that ? Lisa ? Lisa ? lisa I do not know . JOHN take a stab . what do you think Shakespeare be say about human suffer here ? lisa I do not know . sorry . JOHN you know what , Lisa ? that 's not good enough . that 's not good enough . Shakespeare write something : what 's you response ? and do not tell I you do not have one because I do not buy it . lisa I do not really have a lot to say . it seem pretty self - evident to I . JOHN ( pause . then : ) Matthew ? matthew I think it be self -evident . I think he 's say that human being do not mean any more to the god than fly do to little boy who like to torture they for fun . ( more ) Green revise 10/7/05 - page 74 96 continued : 96 matthew ( cont 'd ) like as far as the god be concerned we be just ant . nothing . ( like a newscaster turn to he colleague ) Darren ? the class laugh . darren ( respond in kind ) thank you , Matthew . yeah , I agree . only it 's not Shakespeare say it : it 's gloucester . maybe another character would have a different point of view . JOHN ok : that 's a valid point . just because Shakespeare have one of he character say it do not mean he personally agree with it . yes : David ? david yeah , maybe Shakespeare be not say the god do not care about we . maybe he 's say there 's a higher consciousness that we can not see . that the god ' perception of reality be so much more develop than ours that compare to they perception , we perception be like compare fly to boy JOHN ok ... I do not think that 's what he 's get at ... I think what he 's get at here be a very dark view of the arbitrary nature of human suffer . david but maybe he 's not . maybe he 's compare human consciousness to divine consciousness , and he 's say that even though it seem to we that human suffer be just arbitrary , that 's just because we be limited by we viewpoint . JOHN well -- let 's look at the text . let 's test David 's hypothesis . " we be to the god as fly to wanton boy . they kill we for they sport . " I have to agree with Matthew , that seem pretty unambiguous . david yeah , because he 's say there 's a higher purpose that we can not see . he 's say that what seem like they kill we for sport could just be because we consciousness be not develop enough to see what the higher wisdom of they kill we be . 2nd Blue revise 10/28/05 - page 75 96 continued : ( 2 ) 96 JOHN ok , but -- I still do not think that 's what he 's try to say . um ... david no , like if you say they kill we for they sport , when we perception of the god be so meager that we can not even tell what they be do , then how can we be so arrogant as to think that they would bother to kill we for they sport ? JOHN ( lost ) I do not know ... um -- monica ? monica I do not think that 's what he 's say at all . I think he 's say the god do not give a shit about human being and they just kill and torture we for fun -- matthew yes . much like fly to wanton boy . anybody ? anybody ? monica yeah ... 1 david but if the god ' consciousness be so much more develop than ours that we seem like fly to they , then how can we be sure what they have in mind for we or why they do anything ? JOHN David , I think you have make you point . but it 's not what Shakespeare mean . scholarly opinion be pretty consistent that he 's try to say something about human suffer here -- david scholarly opinion ...: JOHN and in this particular play what I think he 's try to say be pretty black -- pretty bleak -- david but what be you say ? a thousand frenchmen can not be wrong ? 2nd Blue revise 10/28/05 - page 76 96 continued : ( 3 ) 96 JOHN no , I be not say that . but I would like to move on -- david I think he be say that , because he 's compare human consciousness to fly , and he 's say that we can not see the truth around we because we consciousness be undevelop . JOHN no David , that 's not what Shakespeare mean ! he say it somewhere else in the play , but I do not want to get hang up on this any more because it 's not what Shakespeare mean , and I would really like to move on . David laugh derisively . 97 omit 97 98 int . lisa' room . night / karl house . dusk . 98 Lisa be on the phone with Karl . we CUT between they . lisa hi dad . karl yeah ! hi ! how 's everything be go ? lisa ok . how be you ? karl not too bad . pretty good . I be sit here listen to some music . have a glass of delicious beer . lisa that sound pleasant . karl yeah . yeah . how be you ? how 's the boyfriend situation ? lisa well ... there 's this one guy I sort of have something go with . but he kind of have a girlfriend , so ... karl uh huh ? 2nd Blue revise 10/28/05 - page 76 a 98 continued : 98 lisa I realize I be incredibly enthrall ... 77 98 continued : ( 2 ) 98 karl you be . you be a beautiful girl . and you have get brain . that make you dangerous . lisa do not forget mature . karl well -- I be hope you be not too mature . lisa no ... do not worry . karl ok good . that be a good answer , . lisa anyway , I do think it 's a pretty long - stand relationship ... karl ok , then you know what ? you do nothing . you do absolutely nothing . and one of two thing will happen . either he 's gonna start do back flip to get you attention , or you be gonna send he a crystal clear signal that if he do not do back flip he 's not gonna get you attention . ok ? lisa well , I think he already know I like he . karl uh huh ? ok ... lisa . I think I might have spill the bean on that one a little -- karl that 's ok . because now , if now you stop acknowledge he , you just suddenly give he nothing , he 's gonna go berserk . unless he 's just not interested . in which case , you gotta take you lump . ok ? which be tough . lisa well , thanks , dad . I will be sure to try out the technique next time I see he . karl yeah . lemme know what happen . lisa 78 98 continued : ( 3 ) 98 karl ok . well , everything 's ok here ... a little slow -- lisa actually , dad ? I definitely want to hear how thing be with you in a minute , but I actually have something kind of serious I want to ask you about ... I be kind of solicit people I respect - for they view on this ... karl ok . what 's up ? 99 ext . karl house . dusk . 99 wider , through the glass door of Karl 's bungalow as he listen to the story . 100 int . lisa' room . night . / karl house . dusk . 100 lisa . so do you think I should go back to the police , or what ? karl ok , well , first of all , I be very glad you tell I . second of all , I think you should let I call my friend who 's a lawyer , just to get some idea of what the ramification would be . lisa you mean to protect myself before I go back ? karl there 's nothing wrong with know what you be get into . I be gonna call my friend lorne , I want to see what he say . annette , Karl 's , girlfriend , 40 , let herself into the house . annette lisa hey ...! actually , dad ? please do not call anybody . karl seriously . I appreciate hi babe . you take charge and everything , but -- annette hello ? do you get my message ? karl um -- I get a message . 79 100 continued : 100 annette about the flower ? for my mother ? karl I do not know . yes. hold on . ( to lisa ) I be sorry , annette just walk in . lisa that 's ok . annette who be you talk to ? karl I be -- it 's -- could I just -- lisa anyway , I guess I would just like to know later that I would have do the right thing by myself , if you see what I mean . because I do not think I have so far . karl uh huh ? annette lisa who be that ? not that I be try to make this woman 's karl horrible death into my own uh huh ? it 's Lisa . personal moral gymnasium ... to quote George Bernard annette Shaw . good . will you please ask she karl I be sorry , Lisa . hold on one second . lisa ok . karl ( to annette ) yes . annette will you please ask she if there 's anything we do not know about that she will not eat ? for the trip ? because I have to tell the ranch , because they do all the meal ahead of time karl yes : I will : we be just in the middle of something . 60 100 continued : ( 2 ) 100 annette Karl , I be suppose to call they last week . you say you be gonna call she and you do not . so then I call she , and she never call I back . so what do you want I to do ? karl ok , you know what ? I want to talk about this , not right now . annette -- and if there 's anything she can not eat and they put it in the hamper , she 's not gonna have anything to eat . the last time she come out here we go to three different place and she could not eat anything on the menu . karl I be go to ask she . I will . we be right in the middle of something . annette ok . tell she I say hi . lisa hello ? karl ( to lisa ) hi. 101 int . lisa' room . night . 101 Lisa put a new cowboy hat in she luggage . she try to zip the bag but it will not zip . ( this be a dream ) 102 int . lisa' room . night . later . 102 Lisa be asleep . the room be dark . she stir . she realize joan be sit on the edge of she bed , she back to Lisa . lisa Mom ? what 's wrong ?... do you have a bad show ? what time be it ?. Joan start cough . blood start come out with every cough , first a little , then a gruesome amount -- lisa wake up -- breathe hard short breath . the room be dark and quiet . she calm down and get up . yellow revise 10/9/05 - page 81 103 int . bathroom . 103 she come in without turn on the light . she turn on the faucet . in the dim bathroom the water look strangely dark . she switch on the light -- blood be stream out the faucet and fill the basin . she look up . monica the dead woman be stand behind she in the mirror . Lisa jump -- 104 int . lisa' room . 104 Lisa wake up sharply , breathe hard , drench in sweat . 104a int . lisa' room . day . 104a she dial maretti 's number . it ring ... maretti ( on phone ) hello ? ( pause ) hello ...? she hang up . 105 intercut . subway ( moving ) day . 105 Lisa ride the subway past Brooklyn station . 106 ext . BAY ridge . day . 106 Lisa emerge from the subway station . the verrazano narrow Bridge dominate the background . 107 ext . maretti' STREET . day . 107 Lisa turn the unfamiliar corner . Little kid play in the street . she check the address on the piece of paper . 108 ext . maretti' house . day . 108 she ring the doorbell . Inside she hear kid play . the door open . it 's mrs maretti , around 35 . mrs maretti hi , can help you ? lisa hi. I be sorry to bother you . my name be Lisa Cohen . I be involved in the same accident that Mr maretti be involved in a few week ago ... mrs maretti oh my God , be you ? oh my God , what a thing , huh ? 82 108 continued : 108 lisa yeah ... I be just wonder if I could talk to he fora minute . be he home ? mrs maretti ummmmm , yeah , sure . why not you come in . 109 int . maretti' house . continuous . 109 Lisa follow Mrs maretti into the small apartment . o.c. we hear two small boy run around and shouting . maretti be watch tv . Mrs maretti go over and speak to he , low . he see lisa and slowly get up . lisa hi. I be really sorry to bother you ... we never meet . my name be Lisa Cohen ... maretti yeah ... what can I do for you ? lisa well ... do you remember I ? from the bus accident ? maretti I do not know .. . what ' 's this about ? lisa well , would it be ok if I talk to you for a minute ? maretti what do you want to talk about ? I do not understand . lisa I would just like to talk about the accident for a minute . I do not want anything , and I be not here to do anything bad . I just want to talk to you about it . maretti how do you get my address ? lisa it 's in the phone book . I be gonna call first ... maretti well , it woulda be better if you woulda call . we be about to sit down ... Mrs maretti have drift back toward they . yellow revise 10/9/05 - page 83 109 continued : 109 maretti ( cont 'd ) I do not get what , uh ... yeah all right . let 's go outside . lisa I be sorry : could I use you bathroom ? maretti no , let 's just go outside . mrs maretti oh Gerry , let she use the bathroom . maretti no , I do not want she to use the bathroom . I do not understand what this be . mrs maretti it 's right over there , honey . ( turn ) will you kid settle down , please ! I be not kiddin ' ! Lisa go in the bathroom . maretti mrs maretti what 's the matter with you ? who be she ? maretti mrs maretti she 's some girl who be at the nothin 's the matter with I , accident -- let she use the fuckin' bathroom . 110 int . bathroom . day . 110 Lisa latch the door of the cluttere little bathroom . she sit on the toilet and try to pee . after a minute a tiny amount of pee come out . 111 - int . the live room -- a moment later . 111 Lisa come out . the marettis be wait for she as before . o.c. , we hear the boy yell at each other . 112 ext . maretti' house . day . 112 maretti , Mrs maretti , and Lisa come out . maretti ( to mrs maretti ) honey , just do I a favor , wait inside . mrs maretti no . I wanna hear what this be . lisa well ... if it 's ok , I would rather talk to Mr maretti in private . yellow revise 10/9/05 - page 84 112 continued : 112 mrs maretti no it 's not ok . maretti ok . we be just tryin ' to ... ok : what ? Lisa look at they , wishing Mrs maretti would leave . lisa ok . I hope this be not go to insult you too much ... maretti insult I ...? lisa . I be just wonder if you feel bad at all about what happen . maretti do I feel bad about the accident ? lisa yeah . mrs maretti you know , honey ? be you just upset about the accident ...? lisa yes ! I be upset about the accident ! I be very upset about the accident ! I be cover in blood ! I have never be cover in blood before , and I want to talk to you about it for a minute ! why be that so strange !? mrs maretti Gerry ... why do not we all go inside and sit down ? lisa ( on " why " ) could I please talk to you alone ? mrs maretti . ok , what be goin ' on here ? maretti nothin 's goin ' on here . so why not you calm down ? look : go ahead inside . let I find out what this be . meantime why not you make sure that kid be not killin ' each other , all right ? mrs maretti all right . yellow revise 10/9/05 - page 84a 112 continued : ( 2 ) 112 as Mrs maretti go inside : maretti ( more jovially ) no , you know what ? let them kill each other . give we all a rest . ( to lisa ) all right , Lisa . what . yellow revise 10/9/05 - page 85 112 continued : ( 3 ) 112 lisa I just ... well , I just want you to know ... maretti yes ? what ? speak ! lisa well ... you probably already know , obviously , that I tell - the police on the police report that I think the whole , thing be a accident ... maretti uh huh . right . because it be a accident . lisa well -- I mean , I know you do not do it on purpose . maretti on purpose ...? lisa but it be not like ... maretti what. ( pause ) speak . talk ! what ! lisa well ... I mean ... we be look at each other ... maretti who be look at each other ...? you and I ? lisa well ... yeah ... I mean . . . not like ... romantically or anything ... maretti romantically ...! lisa ok , scratch that . ' Cause that 's not even ... relevant ... maretti ( on " even " ) you be not comin ' through very clearly ! lisa ok . I can see the way this be . maretti the way what be ? what ! speak to I ! what ? yellow revise 10/9/05 - page 85 a 112 continued : ( 4 ) 112 lisa I be -- maretti do not drag I outta my house on a Saturday afternoon and then make I stand here pullin ' tooth to find out what you be talkin ' about . ( more ) yellow revise 10/9/05 - page 86 112 continued : ( 5 ) 112 maretti ( cont 'd ) I have get my kid inside : you be a attractive young lady , you show up at the house -- please ! get to the point or go home . because I do not care enough , frankly , to stand around here tryin ' to figure out what you be doin ' here ! ( pause ) what ! what ! what ! what ! lisa all right ! well ... the way I remember the accident be that you be wear this cowboy hat -- maretti yes , it 's my cowboy hat that I wear sometimes to amuse myself on the bus , yes . I be probably wear my cowboy hat , yes . what . lisa if you could just let I ...! from my point of view , I be out that day try to buy a cowboy hat , so I be wave at you , becase I be look for one ... and you be kind of wave back ... and I know the police already decide it be no fault , or no criminality or whatever they call it -- maretti no criminality , that 's right . lisa -- I guess partly because of what I tell they . and I know I be distracting you , but -- I do see the bus go through the red light . and that 's when it hit that woman . maretti ok . I be gettin ' a little confuse over here . lisa only nobody say that to they . and I just want to like , acknowledge with you that that 's what happen . maretti ok . first of all , I do not really know what you mean by wavin ' at you ... what be you , tryin ' to catch the bus ...? lisa no ... yes . but I want to ask about you -- yellow revise 10/9/05 - page 86 a 112 continued : ( 6 ) 112 maretti maybe I be wavin ' at you like , wavin ' to say , you know , " step away from the bus , " if the bus be in motion , I would have wave you away for your- own safety , but that 's all that would be . yellow revise 10/9/05 - page 87 112 continued : ( 7 ) 112 lisa you do not remember look at I and wave at I ? Mrs. maretti come out again . maretti no . not really . no. lisa well ... I think we both remember something different . mrs maretti you brother 's on the phone . maretti tell he I will call he back . Mrs maretti go back inside . lisa I be not try to get you in trouble . maretti I know you be not , because you could not get I in trouble . uhhhh , there 's no criminality find ... the report be , uh , final . and that 's it . lisa so you be just gonna leave it ? maretti I be gonna leave it , because that 's all that it be . if something else would have happen , I would take it to whatever that be . it be tragic , it be a tragedy . but there 's only a certain speed the brake can react . that 's a physical limitation of the machine . I do not know what else to tell you . it be a shock . it 's shock . but that 's it . can not bring she back . cannot bring she back . lisa I be not talk about bring she back . . I be talk about tell the accident investigator what really happen . maretti but you already talk to they ! yellow revise 10/9/05 - page 88 112 continued : ( 8 ) 112 lisa I know that . but I lie . maretti you lie . lisa yes . and I can understand if you do not want to get in trouble , but . -- maretti then how come nobody else see it ? lisa I can not help what other people see -- maretti you would think somebody else would see it . lisa I just know what I see ! maretti then why do not you say something right then ? lisa because -- when they be ask I what happen -- it seem like you be kind of look at I -- like we be say to each other , " let 's not say anything about what happen . " maretti oh , now I really do not know what you be talkin ' about . lisa I can not prove that you be do that -- Mrs maretti come back outside . maretti what do I say anything to you ? do I threaten you ? lisa no ! and I be not blame you for any of this ! all I be say be that I do not really tell the cop what happen , and I do not want to go back without -- maretti ( after " happened " ) but you tell them what you see ! you tell ' they what you see ! and so do I ! only I be the one behind the wheel ! yellow revise 10/9/05 - page 89 112 continued : ( 9 ) 112 mrs maretti Gerry ! take it easy ! maretti ( to mrs maretti ) no , it 's all right . leave it alone . ( to lisa ) you wanna ruin my life , start tellin' them about look , and you wave at I and I have on my cowboy hat , go ahead ! you be gonna go back to school and do you homework and I be gonna lose my job ! and who 's gonna feed my kid ? you ? be you gonna do it ? and for what ! she 's dead ! she 's dead ! and there 's nothin ' I - can do to bring she back ! lisa I just want to say what really happen . maretti hey do whatever you fuckin ' want . mrs maretti Gerry -- ! maretti but that cop be gonna laugh in you fuckin ' face because this be not my fault ! lisa it be both we fault . maretti what would you say ? lisa it be both we fault . maretti scramble in he pocket for a pen . maretti yeah . do not say that to I . again without a lawyer . gimme you phone number . maretti what 's you number ? gimme lisa you number . oh , you wanna mjy ? no ! why do you want it ? come to my house like some anonymous person , I can not get in touch with you ? mrs maretti what 's you fuckin ' number , Gerry ! take it easy ! Lisa Cohen ! lisa Fine ! it 's -- um -- 212 - 555 -- yellow revise 10/9/05 - page 89 a 112 continued : ( 10 ) 112 maretti hold on . ( write ) 555 -- yellow revise 10/9/05 - page 90 112 continued : ( 11 ) 112 lisa 0157 . why do you need it ? maretti do whatever you be gonna do . I hope you get a good lawyer . lisa I do not know why you be -- maretti turn and go in the house . mrs maretti you know this be very traumatic for he ! lisa ( furious ) it 's almost as bad as get you deg cut off mrs maretti do you mother know you be here ? lisa yes . 112a int . subway ( moving ) day . 112a cu on Lisa as she ride back toward Manhattan . 113 int . emily's kitchen . day . 113 Emily sit with Lisa at the kitchen table . emily why do not you say anything before ? lisa I guess I be afraid . I do not know what to do .  emily you do not know what to do ? the woman be kill right in front of you and you do not know what to do ? lisa I know it do not sound very impressive . emily impressive ! ( pause ) all right : I know you be try to do the right thing now . what do you mother say ? lisa my mother have not really be that helpful . 91 113 continued : 113 emily what do you mean ? lisa I mean she 's get a lot go on right now and she just have not be that interested , I guess . emily what could she possibly have go on ? lisa her show be open . emily what do you mean , she show ? what show ? lisa she 's in a play . emily my friend be dead because some guy be look at you ass and you lie to the police about it , and you mother can not be bother because she 's in a play ? lisa well , it 's kind of a big deal for she . she have a really big part . emily I be sorry . I do not know you mother , but , that be pretty shocking . lisa I guess she 's really worried about get a bad review or something . emily ok . I be gonna talk to my friend who 's a lawyer , and I be gonna call monica 's cousin - you talk to she -- and you be gonna go talk to the police . do you want I 'to - go with you ? lisa no thanks . emily do you think maybe you should ask you mother to go with you ? lisa I think I can handle this part myself . emily oh , I be so angry . I be so angry . 92 113 continued : ( 2 ) 113 lisa he do not do it on purpose . emily fuck he ! I be gonna run over he best friend and then coerce some teenage girl into lie to the police about it ! he have he chance . fuck he ! now be you gonna see this through or not ? lisa I will if you will . emily ok ! thank you . ok ? Emily impulsively and somewhat tearfully embrace Lisa , who be flood with relief . 113a time permitting . 114 int . theater -- backstage / onstage . night . Joan wait in the wing . her cue light go on and off . tracking she onstage as she enter . joan ( sharp ) hey ! let I tell you something , eliot -- she be interrupt by entrance applause . joan ( cont 'd ) you want to fire I , go ahead and fire I . only do not tiptoe around I like . some-kind of derange ballerina every time I see you in the fuck hall ! now : do you have anything to say to I , eliot ? victor um -- you be not fire ...? this get a pretty big laugh from the audience . joan oh. ( abashed , friendly ) what be you guy talk about ? another big laugh . in the audience -- lisa , curtis and ramon sit together , dress up for open night . Ramon nudge Lisa . ramon she 's good , eh ? 93 114 continued : 114 lisa ( grudge but proud ) yes ... 115 int . cohen apartment -- live room . morning . 115 Lisa be on the computer . Joan be stand behind she . joan do you find it ? lisa just a minute ! joan can we just forget it ? if they be any good somebody would have call I last night . lisa no we can not forget it , because I can not take this anymore . what do you care what they say about you anyway ? joan I do not . it 's just a lousy feel . can not you understand that ? if they write mean thing about you in the newspaper you would not like it . even if you do not agree with it , or base you self - esteem on it . why can not you understand that ? lisa I do understand it , because we have this conversation every time ! you be great in the play , you be a great actress , everybody think you be great , everything about you be great , you be really really pretty -- joan oh shut up . lisa so let I just find the review and then we can both kill ourselves , ok ? joan Fine . Lisa find the New York Times review online . lisa ok : joan do you find it ? Green revise 10/7/05 - page 94 115 continued : 115 lisa yes . joan be it bad ? lisa let I read it . ( she read ) ok , it 's really good . joan it be ? lisa oh my god. listen to this : joan do not read it to I . lisa " .. . but it be the frankly extraordinary Joan Kaplan who transform the savage wit of David holme ' acid comedy - drama into something approach sheer luminosity ... " joan get out . lisa " but do not be misl by she feather - light touch and expert comic timing . with the canny ( have trouble enunciate : ) bray ... joan bravura ? lisa yes. " -- of a actor at the joan top of craft , Ms. Kaplan take top of craft ...? we on a emotional roller coaster that be both hilarious and heartbreaking , madden and magical . " joan ( cont 'd ) shut up ! lisa ok . this be the best review I have ever read . joan just for I , or for everyone ? Green revise 10/7/05 - page 94a 115 continued :. ( 2 ) 115 lisa ( reading ) no , he like the play , he like the cast , but the main thrust of it be basically what a genius you be , and how you time have come . 2nd Blue revise 10/28/05 - page 95 115 continued : ( 3 ) 115 joan fuck he , what do he know ? ( a la Noel coward ) madden and magical , eh ? if only I know what that mean . lisa oh my God you be a huge star . joan oh my God ! lisa can I make coffee now ? joan yes . thank you honey . Lisa head for the kitchen as the phone ring . lisa here come the offer . joan ( pick up the phone ) hello ?... . I know , can you believe it ? 115a int . cohen apartment - kitchen . day . 115 a Lisa be eat breakfast and listen intently to the radio . she hear Joan talk on the phone o.c. radio newscaster joan ( o.c . ) -- when the seventeen year - no , Lisa read it . no , old palestinian be stop I never read they unless by israeli police from board I know there 's nothing a-school bus yesterday carry mean in they ... Victor , forty pound of explosive under I wish you would not she jacket -- speak to I that way : you know I be top of craft . Lisa close the door or turn up the radio . 116 int . english CLASS . day . 116 John be read from a paperback poetry anthology . on the blackboard it say " 19th century poet -- gerard manley hopkin -- 1844-1889 . " slow push in on Lisa . JOHN spring and fall to a young girl by gerard manley hopkins . " Margaret be you grieve over goldengrove unleave ? leave , like the thing of man , you with you fresh thought care for , can you ? ahl as the heart grow older it will come to such thought colder ( more ) 2nd Blue revise 10/28/05 - page 95 a 116 continued : 116 JOHN ( cont 'd ) by and by , nor spare a sigh though world of wanwood leafmeal lie , ( more ) 96 116 continued : ( 2 ) 116 JOHN ( cont 'd ) and yet you will weep , and know why . now no matter , child , the name : sorrow spring be the same . nor mouth have , no nor mind , express what heart hear of , ghost guess : it be the blight man be bear for , it be Margaret you mourn for . " silence . JOHN ( cont 'd ) any thought ? Lisa ? Lisa look up slowly . 117 omitted . 117 118 ext . highway one police station - the bronx . day . 118 Lisa get out a taxi in front of the station . 119 int . highway one police station . day . 119 Lisa walk up to the desk of a 2nd a.i.s. detective . 2 nd a.i.s. detective could I help you ? lisa um , yeah . be detective Mitchell here ? 2 nd a.i.s. detective no he 's not . lisa oh. um -- I talk to he on Monday and he say he would be here after three ... 2 nd a.i.s. detective yeah , he 's not back yet . could I help you with something ? lisa um , well , do you know when do you expect he ? 2 nd a.i.s. detective what 's this about ? lisa I be involved in a accident a few week ago -- 2 nd a.i.s. detective uh huh ? 97 119 continued : 119 lisa and I fill out a report with detective Mitchell , but want to amend the report , so I think I should -- 2 nd a.i.s. detective what do you mean amend the report ? how do you want to amend it ? lisa well , there be something I do not tell he , and I want to tell he , because -- 2 nd a.i.s. detective so wait , I do not understand . you wanna change you statement ? lisa yes ! yes ! I want to change my statement . ( pause . calmer ) yes . 2 nd a.i.s. detective well , you would usually have to talk to the investigate detective on the case ... lisa yes . I know . that 's why I ask to see detective Mitchell . who say he would be here now . which he 's not . so ... 2 nd a.i.s. detective ( on " so " ) you remember the case number ? lisa no. sorry . it be that woman monica Patterson , who get run over by the bus , on Broadway -- it be in a lot of the newspaper ... 2 nd a.i.s. detective ok , yeah , sure ok . sit down , sit down . lisa ( sitting ) thank you . I --- 2 nd a.i.s. detective you know the case be close . lisa I assume it be . but part of the reason it 's close be because of my statement . and the statement I give -- 2 nd a.i.s. detective because of you statement ? 98 119 continued : ( 2 ) 119 another male detective walk by , behind lisa . the two man exchange a glance refer to Lisa be a cute girl . lisa yes . 2 nd a.i.s. detective what do you mean it be close because of you statement ? lisa I mean -- 2 nd a.i.s. detective the da 's office close the case . you do not close the case . the da 's office close the case . lisa I be sure it do . I obviously do not mean I personally close the case , like , legally . I mean that what I say be probably instrumental in get the case close , because I be the -- 2 nd a.i.s. detective what 's you name , honey ? lisa Lisa Cohen . 2 nd a.i.s. detective ok -- lisa do not call I honey , ok ? pause . 2 nd a.i.s. detective ok . lisa be you not gonna help I now that I say that ? 2 nd a.i.s. detective look -- what 's you name ? lisa Lisa Cohen ! 2 nd a.i.s. detective ok Lisa , first thing , you be gonna calm down -- 99 119 continued : ( 3 ) 119 lisa I be calm right now ! 2 nd a.i.s. detective ok . just check . second thing -- oh ! here he be : you knight in shine armor . mitchell have just come in . lisa get up . mitchell this guy be givin ' you a hard time ? lisa no ... mitchell what 's this guy be sayin ' to you ? lisa nothing . I do not know if you remember I ... I be Lisa Cohen . I call you on Monday ? mitchell sure I do . what 's up ? 120 int . highway one police station - mitchell's desk - later 120 Lisa sit across from Mitchell . mitchell so now you be sayin ' he run the light . lisa yes . he be not even look at the road . and I be definitely try to get he attention ... mitchell no , I get the picture . so you be flirtin ' with this guy , he 's wavin ' at you , he run the light , hit the decedent , she die on the scene ... the both of youse lie to I on both of you statement , and then somewhere in there you turn around , decide the guy belong in jail . that right ? that about right ? lisa I do not have any control over if he go to jail or not . I certainly have my hope . I just want to set the record straight , so that if he get away with this I will not have be a part of it . 100 120 continued : 120 mitchell and what do you think I should do with you ? just gimme  a clue . ' cause I be just a little bit lose over here ...: lisa do whatever you want . I know what I do . mitchell ok . well . before we do anything , Lisa , anybody will tell you that just because he run a red light be not a criminal offence . lisa even if he kill someone ? mitchell ( simultaneous ) even if you cause a accidental death , that 's right . for this to be a criminal offense , the law say you need two aggravate circumstance . like he run a red light and he be speed . or he run a red light and he be -- lisa ( on 2nd " red " ) so he 's not liable to be prosecute for manslaughter ? or second degree murder ? mitchell no . he could be charge with reckless drive , and fillip ' out a false police report . which , that 's no joke -- lisa that 's unbelievable ! what do he have to do ? kill she on purpose ? mitchell yes . because that 's the definition of murder . killin ' somebody on purpose . you be not sayin ' he run she over on purpose , be you ? pause . lisa no . pause . mitchell all , right , look . lemme take another statement , and , uh ... we ' 11 look into it , ok ? 101 120 continued : ( 2 ) 120 lisa you be kid . mitchell no . I will go over it with my sergeant , probably pull this guy in again . reinterview he . put a little pressure on he . see what he say . lisa ( very grateful ) thank you ...! thank you . 120a int . school - gymnasium . day . 12 oa Lisa and she coed class watch bonnie , the young , tall beautiful , no -makeup gymnastics teacher . bonnie ok , so we be just gonna start with a_couple of simple stretch . she stretch . Lisa notice the boy look at bonnie . 121 ext . central park . day . 121 Lisa and Becky be smoking pot on a rock or bench . lisa ( hold in smoke ) . yeah , because the Central Park conservatory or whatever it 's call put up about five hundred mile worth of this cheap shitty - look fence all over the park . which be totally antithetical to what the park be originally design for . she exhales and hand Becky the joint . becky we be totally gonna miss the game . oh my God it 's John ...! it 's John ! they try to hide the joint from JOHN , the English teacher , who approach they and stop . pause . lisa hi John . becky hi John . ( pause ) want some ? they giggle . 102 121 continued : 121 JOHN come on , guy . you can not be smokin ' a j. on you way to a school soccer game ! now come on ! lisa sorry . becky we be really sorry . John glare at they , then turn and walk away . lisa ( stage whisper ) ok : how about how he 's like , " smokin ' a j. " like , " you can not be smokin ' a j. " they all burst out laugh . cu on the angry embarrassed back of John 's redden grow - up neck as he keep walk away . 122 ext . central park -- west of the great lawn . day . 122 Lisa walk through the park , somewhat stone , enjoy the sunshine . she see mr aaron approach on a bike . he bike up to she and stop . lisa hi , Mr Aaron ...! mr aaron how be you , Lisa ? lisa I be pretty damn good . how be you ? mr aaron I be all right , I be all right - tell I something . whatever happen with that situation ? lisa oh ...  I be work on it . I will tell you all about it sometime ... ( squinting at he in the sunshine ) hey , what kind of a bike be that ? mr aaron um , a Trek . lisa I be suppose to take a horseback riding trip with my father over Christmas break and I be just wonder , do it bear any resemblance to riding a bicycle ? 103 122 continued : 122 mr aaron as far as I know , no , it do not , no ... lisa but you must have ride a lot of horse . mr aaron what make you say so ? lisa be not you from Texas or Wyoming or someplace like that ? mr aaron someplace like what ? - lisa you know : not New York . mr aaron I be actually from Indiana . but do not let I overwhelm you with superfluous detail . lisa God , so what be you do at a New York private school teach geometry to a bunch of overprivileged liberal Jews ? mr aaron be that a real question , or a Lisa question ? lisa what 's a Lisa question ? mr aaron a question design to prolong the conversation without there be any particular interest in the actual answer ...? lisa about half and half . mr aaron in that case -- lisa before you go , I be actually think of get one of this . can I try it ? just for one second ? mr aaron all right . lisa thanks . 104 122 continued : ( 2 ) 122 Aaron get off the bike . she climb on . the seat be too high for she . mr aaron you want I to adjust the seat ? lisa no thanks . this actually feel really , really good . God , I be kid ! you be so easy to tease ! she bike away awkwardly , turn around and bike back toward he , wobble badly . lisa ( cont 'd ) I like you bicycle ...! can I have it ? mr aaron no ! she try to stop in front of he but skid and he catch she hard by the arm to stop she . mr aaron ( cont 'd ) ok . off . lisa can I just ask you how be it possible that I be totally in love with you and you have almost no interest in I whatsoever ? it 's not like I would ever say anything if you ever deign to like , you know , be with I . mr aaron Lisa ...! lisa I can tell you like I . it 's not like I be a virgin , if that 's what you be worried about . I be not even close . mr aaron I can not even be have this conversation with you . lisa yeah , you keep say that , but I notice you be still stand here . mr aaron you be absolutely right . Goodbye . he get on the bike . lisa it 's not my fault if I revere you as a god ! 105 122 continued : ( 3 ) 122 he laugh or smile briefly in spite of himself . lisa ( cont 'd ) oh my God . I make you laugh . I be so happy right now . mr aaron I will see you in class . we pull away with he as she watch he go . 123 int . cohen apartment - front hall . night . 123 Lisa walk in as Joan be put on she coat . joan hi . where have you be ? I do not know . if you want dinner . lisa oh -- no thanks . I will order something . joan someone name Emily call . and detective Mitchell call from the Accident investigation squad . be that the one you talk to ? lisa yeah , do he say anything ? joan just to call he back . what 's go on ? do you ever go back and see he ? lisa I would rather not talk about it when you have one foot out the door . I will tell you later , if that 's ok . joan of course it be . who 's Emily ? lisa she 's the friend of the woman who die , the one who have the funeral ... joan oh yeah , ok . well , she number 's by the phone . lisa ok . how 's Ramon ? joan oh God . I do not know . I mean I really like he . he 's really nice . ( more ) Green revise 10/7/05 - page 106 123 continued : 123 joan ( cont 'd ) but I be not sure he actually ever understand a word I say . lisa give he a chance , Mom , you just met-the guy . joan but do not you know what I mean ? I just feel kind of lonely when I be with he . you know ? lisa you feel lonely when you be with he ? joan yeah . you never feel that way when you be with someone ? lisa I guess so . I feel that way all the time . you get use to it . joan well ... I do not know how serious I want to get with somebody who make I feel that way . lisa so do not get serious . that 's my advice . pause . joan all right . I be gonna go . lisa have a good show . joan thank you . ( call ) Goodbye curtis ! 124 intercut -- live room . simultaneous 124 curtis , busy with he computer , do not answer . back in the front hall -- Joan shrug it off . joan ' bye sweetie . 125 int . build hallway . night . 125 she hit the elevator button . see she reflection in the little round elevator window . she look old to herself , and haggard . she touch under she chin . 107 126 int . elevator . continuous . 126 Joan get in . the door shut . she lean she head against the wall and burst into tear . , the elevator stop with a ding . she wipe she eye quickly . a woman neighbor come in . neighbor hello ...! joan ( smile ) hello . neighbor congratulation on the show ...! joan thank you . neighbor that be such a wonderful review ...! and I read somewhere it might be go to Broadway ? joan supposedly . in March . neighbor god! excite ...! joan yeah , it 's go well . knock wood . 127 int . columbus avenue restaurant . day . 127 Lisa , Emily and dave , a good nature intelligent 35ish lawyer , be at a window table . emily Lisa , Dave be one of my best friend . he 's a terrific lawyer and if he do not know what to do himself he will certainly know someone we can talk to . lisa ok , great . emily so Dave , just tell Lisa everything you tell I , if you do not mind repeat yourself -- dave not at all . I love to repeat myself . lisa be you guy gonna order something ? 108 128 int . columbus avenue restaurant . day . later . 128 they be drink coffee . Lisa smoke . dave when someone be kill it 's what you call a wrongful death suit , which be a statutory case , which just mean there 's a statute pass by the legislature which give you the right to bring the case . lisa as oppose to what ? dave as oppose to common law , which be law make by judge . which be why the damage be limited . lisa I do not understand . emily look , just skip that part . we do not care about that . lisa I think we be try to get the police to arrest this guy ...! dave no -- the police be not , uh -- lisa emily why not ? they tell I they Dave do not think the be gonna look into it police be gonna -- again . dave I be just tell you that even if they do , there be no way in this world they be gonna recommend to the da that they charge this guy . that 's why -- lisa ( on " that be " ) so what can we do ? dave well . I be -- lisa sorry . pink revise 9/25/05 - page 109 128 continued : 128 dave emily that 's ok -- that 's ok , honey ... dave I be just get to that . you can not do anything unless you be a relative -- emily she do not have any relative , except for that idiot in Arizona -- dave ( on " except " ) -- or -- hang on a minute -- unless you be executor of she estate -- emily I be the executor of she estate . dave -- which be Emily . I know . emily so good . dave yes . this be good . because the executor of the estate cdn bring a wrongful death suit , but the beneficiary have to be a relative . so let I explain about that . in a wrongful death suit you can sue for pain and suffer , pecuniary loss , lose of support or service .. . and also what 's call Care , Comfort and Society : -- like advice , counseling of the parent that the kid be not gonna get anymore ... lisa you can really sue for that ? dave yeah , and that 's probably what we would do , lisa so -- I do not understand . who be we suing ? the bus driver ? dave well , no , because the bus driver would not have any money . you basically sue everybody and hope something stick . the person who pay will be the mta 's insurance company . lisa but do you think the driver would get fire ? pink revise 9/25/05 - page 109 a 128 continued : ( 2 ) 128 dave no . not necessarily . 110 128 continued : ( 3 ) 128 lisa even if all the fact come out at the trial ? dave maybe . I do not know . emily but how much could they be liable for ? dave emily it depend : how badly do you think we could ever hurt they ? dave -- if she be alive , in great pain for a extend period of time , they give more money for that . lisa I would say she be alive for ten minute . dave and I gather in a lot .of pain ? lisa her leg be cut off . dave yes -- obviously . and -- but be she conscious ? awake , the whole time ? lisa I be sorry , Emily . ( to dave ) yeah , awake . emily that 's ok . dave well , if she be in a lot of pain for that long ... I do not know . . . maybe 300000 or a half a million dollar to get a sustainable verdict ? a brain damage baby would be  three million . but the truth be , Lisa , after all 's say and do , it 's not a very good case . lisa why not ? dave because it 's you word against he , and because you already lie on you first deposition . a red light case be a fifty - fifty proposition already . and with only one eyewitness , with two conflict statement ? I would not take - that case . pink revise 9/25/05 - page 111 128 continued : ( 4 ) 128 emily nobody really care about get a lot of money here . dave I understand that -- emily we just want this prick to buffer . and we want the bus company to take resonsibility for hire this guy . dave I understand . but no matter how you slice it , the fact that Lisa lie on she first statement be a disaster for you lawyer . lisa can not I explain why I lie the first time ? it 's not like I be try to get any money for myself . dave that 's true - since she have no financial interest she can not be impeach for bias . emily impeached for what ? dave she can not have she credibility attack on financial grounds because the jury know you be not get any money if you win . lisa so that 's ' something , be not it ? emily but do you really think we know what that mean ? dave I be sorry . that 's what its call . emily but who be you talk to ? you know we do not know what that mean . it 's like you be not really concentrate . dave I -- do not know . I be concentrate . I be just think out loud . emily ox . all right . I be sorry ... I ( to lisa ) ( more ) pink revise 9/25/05 - page 111a 128 continued : ( 5 ) 128 emily ( cont 'd ) he be not always a lawyer you know . he use to be a very nice little boy . pink revise 9/25/05 - page 112 128 continued : ( 6 ) 129 dave anyway .. the only thing I could think of be it i@ the mta . so they be not gonna want a lot of publicity . lisa anyway , the whole point be to get this guy -- emily be to fuck get this guyl lisa no , its to get he out from behind the wheel of a bus ! dave do she know she be die ? I only ask because the terror of know you be die raise the damage . lisa I think she have a pretty good idea . dave if she have live for a couple of day it would make the case better ... I know this sound horrible , but this be what it come down to ... emily I know . we know , Dave . that 's ok . silence . Emily start to speak : dave I actually do have one more think ... I do know one guy who 's , uh ... you know what ? yo know what I want to do7 I want to make a few phone call , and then , just let I get back to you . emily I would just like somebody to take responsibility for what happen . 128a time permitting . 12 BA 129 int . cohen apartment -- kitchen . day . 129 Lisa be on the kitchen phone . lisa yes , detective Mitchell please ? . my name be Lisa Cohen ? C 0 h -- yes , I will hold . ( on hold ) fuck you ... pink revise 9/25/05 - page 112a 130 int . squad room . day . 130 Mitchell pick up the phone . we CUT between they . 113 130 continued : 130 mitchell detective Mitchell . lisa oh , hi , it 's Lisa Cohen call . mitchell hi Lisa , what can I do for you ? lisa well , I be just wonder what ever happen , if anything , with the case . you say you might re-interview the bus driver ... mitchell yes , we do :. we bring he back in -- lisa you do ? what happen ? mitchell well , he basically stick to he original representation , and that be pretty much it . I bring it up with my sergeant , but he agree with I we still do not have enough to charge this guy , so there 's really not a lot more we can do at this point . lisa but how do you ask the question ? mitchell Excuse I ? lisa he 's obviously not gonna change he statement if you just ask he like really politely : why would he ? we already know he 's a liar . mitchell hey , you know , Lisa , in the old day we would just throw he in the back with a rubber hose and we would get whatever answer we want out of he . but fortunately we do not do that kind of thing anymore -- lisa yeah , not to white people . mitchell Excuse I ? 114 130 continued : ( 2 ) 130 lisa you do not do it to white people . anyway , I be not say you -- mitchell we do not do it to who ? lisa oh my God ... mitchell first of all , I do not know why you be bringin ' the guy 's race into it . there 's forty thousand cop in this city -- lisa yes , thank you , yes . mitchell -- and I hate to disillusion you , but most of them be pretty good guy , just tryin ' to do they job . bottom line be the da 's not gonna take this case . ( pause ) now you could talk to my sergeant if you want to , but -- lisa yes , I would . 131 int . cohen hallway / kitchen . dusk . 131 Joan , dress to go to work , drop she key in she purse as she come down the hall and linger in the kitchen doorway to find lisa on the phone , listen , then : lisa so there 's no way to appeal -- sergeant v.o. ( over the phone , flat ) there 's nothin ' to appeal . there 's no case . lisa but how do you know detective Mitchell interrogate he aggressively enough if you be not there ? joan what 's go on ? lisa wave she away . 132 ext . ramon' terrace . night . 132 Joan and Ramon be have drink and look at he great view of the Upper West side . Joan be smoking . 115 132 continued : 132 joan -- so funny : it 's the same show , but now they all read how great it be , we get this big stand ovation every night , and it 's the exact same show as before . ramon but why do you put yourself down ? it 's a wonderful show and a wonderful performance . joan no , it 's not -- I be not put myself down . it 's just that the audience always react differently if they have be tell it 's good . a lot of actor have that experience . ramon mm hm ? she take a few step away . joan I love this view ... ( pause ) you know , Ramon ... this may sound very stupid to you , but do you ever worry that we do not have very much in common ? ramon what do you mean ? joan well , I do not mean to sound dissatisfied , or disgruntled . but I feel like we be always misunderstanding each other . do you feel that way at all ? or be I just completely off the beam ? ramon I do not think we should talk about that , Joan . joan you do not ? well ... I think it 's kind of important or I would not have bring it up . ramon Joan ... I like you very much . but let 's not talk about what you be like , and what I be like . that never make a good result . talk about it with you friend . joan my friend ...! ramon yes . 2nd pink revise 11/17/05 - page 116 132 continued : ( 2 ) 132 he sip he drink . Joan do not know what to say . pause . ramon ( cont 'd ) May I show you some picture of my boy ? joan sure . just do not tell I what they be like . 132a int . ramon' live room . night . 132a Ramon and Joan be in he modernistic , scrupulously clean carpete live room , on the sofa , look at picture . ramon that 's a little place we use to go on holiday , two hour outside of cartagena ... my family be all there still , but rodrigo be study in London , and hector be in geneva . joan uh huh ... ramon I be sure they will go back eventually , because they like to do something for they country . but it 's a worry , because it 's very bad there now . joan yeah ... I have not really be follow it . ramon it 's a big , big mess . last year I help to find a organization to work with child whose family have be kill , or the parent have be kidnap , so they do not know if they be alive or dead . we try to find home for they , preferably in colombia , because if we lose we young people , that 's it : that 's the future . we have raise a lot of money , but there 's only so much we can do . you do not like to say it 's hopeless , but it 's hard to see the solution . joan yeah . God ... I wish I know more about it ... do you mind if I ask you something ? ramon of course not . joan why be you interested in I ? 2nd pink revise 11/17/05 - page 116a 132a continued : 132a ramon you do not think I should be ? joan I just feel kind of ignorant about you whole world ... ramon you think it would be better if we know about all the same thing ? joan not really , not exclusively . it 's just unusual . do not you think it 's unusual ? 2nd pink revise 11/17/05 - page 117 132a continued : ( 2 ) 132a ramon not for I . joan I guess you travel a lot . I have only be out of the country a few time in my whole life . ramon you should travel more . joan I know . I have always want to . it 's hard when you be in the theater ... ramon still , you should try . it 's a big world . you be a artist . you should see more of it . joan I know . you do not have to keep say that . I have always want to travel . it 's just a little difficult with two kid and no husband , but it 's hard to make a lot of money in the theater . I be on a tv show a few year back and I sock away some money because of that , but my ex-husband -- ramon Karl . joan Karl , yes , you remember , very good . Karl 's very generous with the kid when he can be , but he 's struggle too : he 's a director : he direct commercial , and now he 's try to produce they ... anyway , I be not ignorant because I enjoy it . ramon I do not say you be ignorant ... do you think Lisa will be interested in act ? joan I do not think so . I think 's she 's get a lot of contempt for it . of course that may be the age . ramon she would prefer the world with no play ? no film ? joan oh ... who know . 2nd pink revise 11/17/05 - page 117a 132a continued : ( 3 ) 132a ramon would you like to see a picture of my mother ? joan sure . ramon this be all my aunt and uncle ... see ? Big family ... joan mmm . she look at he as he turn the page . 133 ext . midtown office build . day . 133 Lisa and Emily meet in front of Dave 's office building . 134 int . dave' law firm - staircase / office . day . 134 Dave walk Lisa and Emily into he office . dave so after I talk to you guy I call this p.i. I know and I ask he to -- pink revise 9/25/05 - page 118 134 continued : 134 emily you call a what ? a what ? dave private investigator -- to see if he could find anything out about you bus driver -- lisa really ? dave emily yeah : so he -- Dave ! dave wait , let I tell you what he say ! so he call this guy he know who use to be a cop for the mta . do you know the mta have they own police ? the mta police ? they have they own uniform ... emily yeah ? yeah ? yeah ? dave emily and -- just a minutel Jesus Christ ! what do we give a fuck about the mta police and they uniform ?! dave -- so this guy get someone to let he sneak a look at you guy 's file . and it turn out he 's have two previous accident -- less than two year apart -- one of they on the job , one in he own car -- emily what ? dave -- where there be some allegation that he be drink , which be drop , but , that he 's never be cite or discipline , just move around to different shift -- emily be you fuck kid I ? lisa why do this not shock I ? dave because surprise surprise he brother - in - law be a very big muckety - muck in the Transit worker Union -- pink revise 9/25/05 - page 119 134 continued : ( 2 ) 134 emily ( i.e. , " I get it . " ) o- Kay ...l dave and if you read the paper , you will know they be go through a protract labor dispute at the mta right now , and accord to my pi , the management do not want to aggravate the situation by fire this guy . especially since the police have conclude he be not at fault . lisa this be make I sick . dave I know , but what it mean , Lisa , be that we have a case . lisa we do ? dave what it mean , in fact , be that we have a very good case , because we can sue for what 's call " negligent retention . " which mean they should have know the guy be a bad risk and be irresponsible and they negligently retain he until he finally kill somebody . emily and you can prove that ? dave sure , because we can subpoena they personnel record , which we already know contain damaging information , because my investigator get a look at they beforehand . which you be not - suppose to do , but we do it anyway . lisa you're awesomel emily and that mean ... dave that mean we be in great shape and I think we should go in there and sue they fuckin ' ass off . emily but you would not be we lawyer , right ? pink revise 9/25/05 - page 120 134 continued : ( 3 ) 134 dave no no . oh no . lisa why not ? dave emily I be not a personal injury it 's not he area . litigator . I do not know enough about it . I would lose . emily but you could recommend someone ? dave sure . I know a guy who 's very good . his name be russel deutsch . he 's not a sleazebag . very experience . let I give you he number ... emily Dave , thank you so much . lisa really . my god. dave but you gotta get that crazy cousin on board because she 's gonna be you beneficiary . emily she 's not gonna want to come to New York , I can tell you that right now . dave if you win she get anywhere from three to five hundred thousand dollar . she 's gonna come to New York . 135 ext . midtown -- 6th avenue . day . 135 Lisa and Emily walk up the busy avenue . lisa what 's with monica and she cousin ? emily oh , monica 's father leave some money to abigail 's kid and he make monica the executor of the estate , because he do not want abigail and she idiot husband to get they hand on the money before the kid be grow up . ( more ) Green revise 10/7/05 - page 121 135 continued : 135 emily ( cont 'd ) for which abigail reward she by badger she about it on the phone for fifteen year : always try to borrow money against the estate , accuse she of make lousy investment with it , nasty phone call , nasty letter , every month for fifteen year until abigail 's daughter turn twenty - one and get marry . then monica go to the wedding , in fuck Arizona , and abigail literally will not speak to she . she 's a dream . lisa so that 's who we be get the money for ? emily it 's not who we be get it for , it 's who we be get it from . 136 int . deutscha' office . day . 136 Emily and Lisa sit with russel deutsch , 5as . his law office be slightly smaller and less nice than Dave 's . deutsch first thing we do be we file a summon and a complaint against the mta . they get .twenty day to respond , and when they do we can make we Discovery request : Accident report , personnel record , et cetera . but you gotta realize it 's gonna take some time . the law say you have to get a court date within a year . usually it take about six . depend . lisa six year ! deutsch depend , yes . emily now , I mention to Dave I have a friend who write for the Metro section of the Times ... deutsch yes : now this , if it could really happen , this change everything in we favor . if they think there 's gonna be adverse publicity , especially in the New York Times , they be gonna want to settle right away , soon as possible , and as quietly as possible -- emily so they would . make it a condition that 122 136 continued : 136 deutsch it 's usually do , you get the money but you can not talk about it . nobody know the term . lisa so what good do that do ? deutsch you get the money . ( pause ) be that bad ? ( pause ) I think that 's what we be all here for . ( pause ) this be how we society punish people for do bad thing . lisa by get money from they employer ' insurance . company ? deutsch yes . it 's call punitive damage . pause . lisa could we insist they fire the driver ? as part of the settlement ? deutsch yes , sure , why not ? lisa but be that something people do ? deutsch sure . it 's one of you condition . emily great . lisa and you think we be gonna win ? they be gonna settle ? deutsch oh they be gonna settle . lisa this be -- Emily and Lisa take hand and squeeze . 137 int . cohen apartment -- live room . later that day . 137 joan be read lisa 's C average report card and a accompany letter . Lisa come in and stop short . 123 137 continued : 137 joan I want to talk to you . lisa what would I do now ? 138 int . emily's apartment -- front door . day . 138 Emily open the front door for Joan and Lisa . joan hi. I be Joan . it 's nice to meet you . emily Nice to meet you too . come on in . - lisa ( sardonically ) hi Emily . 139 int . emily's apartment -- live room . day . 139 Emily , Joan and Lisa settle on the sofa and chair . joan . I have a friend who use to live on this block , at 262 ...? emily oh ...? joan yeah , I do not know if you know she . Cheryl rowan ? she 's a physiotherapist ? emily no , I do not know she . lisa I think about a thousand people must ... joan what ? lisa nothing ... emily Lisa say you be in a play , Joan ? joan oh -- yeah ... lisa you should go see it , it 's really good . 124 139 continued : 139 joan well , the play be great , and it 's a really nice cast ..-. lisa she 's just be modest . she 's gonna win every award in New York . joan oh -- all that stuff 's a long way off . emily I do not go to the theater very much . joan well , it 's just nice , because you can work a long time in the theater and play really good part without get a lot of recognition . and even though you do not necessarily do it for that as you primary motive , it be very nice when people do notice something you have do . emily uh huh ... joan I be on a television show a few year ago , and I have be do theater all my life , and suddenly all my relative start call I up to congratulate I because they think I finally make it . and it be really just this dumb show that pay the bill for a while ... lisa that show be so stupid . joan it be not that bad ...! anyway : I realize this be horribly embarrassing for Lisa , but I really want to meet you , Emily , because you have frankly become such a big part of Lisa 's life , and I do not want to be intrusive , but this whole court case seem to be suddenly dominate everything and I can not get Lisa to tell I anything about it lisa that 's not true ...! joan well , I can not ...! and I want you to know , Lisa , that I be very , very proud of you for pursue this the way you have . ( more ) 125 139 continued : ( 2 ) 139 joan ( cont 'd ) but I can not let you pursue it to the point where it 's take over you life or interfere with you school work . ( to emily ) it 's really come down to a question of homework . Lisa be on a half - scholarship at she school . and I know she feel a real sense of responsibility about what happen lisa yeah , I do . joan I know you do . I know you do . but you can not not do you homework , and you can not throw away you scholarship because of it . lisa I be not . my grade slip a little . they will get better . anyone can do they homework . you just sit down and do it . I have be distract . I will stop . joan all right -- lisa we do not need to have a big conference about it . joan ( embarrassed ) it 's not a big conference , I just want to know what 's go on . and I want to meet Emily ... ( to emily ) I know it 's a little awkward ! emily do not apologize . if Lisa have not be keep you apprise of what 's be go on , I think she should . you should . lisa there 's nothing to keep she apprise of . , we be just wait for they to schedule the Discovery conference . joan now what be that ? lisa Mom ? it really do not matter . 126 139 continued : ( 3 ) 139 emily a Discovery conference be a meeting with the court where they sign a order . authorize we lawyer to begin get the personnel record , interview witness , talk to monica 's cousin ... joan ok , now where do she fit in ? emily she get the money . 140 ext . midtown HOTEL . day . 140 abigail berwitz , 40s , get out the taxi as the driver come around with she match luggage . 141 int . deutscha' office . day . 141 abigail sit with deutsch . deutsch how would you describe the relationship overall ? do you talk on the phone a lot ? be there a lot of visit -- abigail I would say we talk on the phone a couple of time a month at least . sometimes more than that ... I would call she , she would call I ... deutsch and what be the nature of this conversation ? abigail . oh , family stuff , mostly . her family , my kid ... deutsch and she would advise you about you family ? that kind of thing ? abigail oh , I would say so , yes . deutsch would you have any phone record ? or -- abigail I have all my phone bill , if that 's what you mean . I do not record the actual conversation ... 127 141 continued : 141 deutsch no no -- abigail ( produce bill ) you will see we talk on the phone quite frequently . deutsch ok , that 's terrific . I see you come prepare ... 1 abigail well , I want to bring everything . deutsch now when they take you deposition you be gonna say the same thing you just tell I . talk about the relationship ... abigail uh huh ? deutsch kind of advice she use to give you ... abigail ok ...? 142 int . midtown restaurant . day . 142 Emily , Lisa and abigail sit over they lunch . abigail be drink a white wine . abigail now , Emily , where do you find this lawyer ? emily he be recommend by a friend . abigail I be ask because my husband know a real good New York lawyer , and I be not entirely comfortable with someone that no one have ever hear of -- emily my friend 's hear of he . he say he 's very good .. abigail I be sure he do . but I have a responsibility in this situation , and I would feel a whole lot more comfortable with somebody who do not just drop in out of the clear blue sky ... 2nd Green revise 11/20/05 - page 128 142 continued : 142 emily he do not drop in out of the clear blue sky . he be recommend by my friend . but even if we switch lawyer we would still have to pay he . but it all come out of the settlement , so it 's really up to you . abigail no , if you all think he 's good ... emily I do not know whether he be or not . my friend think he be . abigail all right . now Lisa , what be you involvement in all this ? what 's you angle ? lisa I just want to ... I be just there . 143 int . emily's dine room . day . 143 Emily come into the dining room with a cup of coffee . Lisa be stand over the table look at some of monica 's photo and belonging which be spread out all over the table . Emily start put the picture away in they envelope . lisa oh my God , be that you ? emily that 's I . lisa and that 's you and monica obviously . oh my God . be that she daughter ? emily uh huh . lisa God ... so how old be she when she die ? emily twelve . lisa God . I can not even imagine . emily neither could we . Emily sit down and start sorting through picture to put they in the box . Lisa sit down too . 2nd Green revise 11/20/05 - page 128aa 143 continued : 143 lisa you know monica ask about she when she be die ? 2nd Green revise 11/20/05 - page 128a-129 143 continued : ( 2 ) 143 Emily look up . emily no. I do not . lisa yeah . I think she be confuse ... like , I think she think I be she daughter for a minute . and then she be ask I to call she , like to tell she what happen : you know , like she do not remember she be dead . emily what do you mean ? what do she say ? lisa she just ask if somebody could call she daughter . but then it get confusing because I say , " sure , what 's she name ? " and she say she name be Lisa . and I say , " no , that 's my name . " because it take I a minute -- I do not realize we have the same name ... Emily do not respond . lisa ( cont 'd ) but I could not tell if what I be say be register with she . Emily do not respond . lisa ( cont 'd ) but then when I find out she daughter be dead , ever since then I keep have this really strong feel that some way , for that last five minute I kind of be she daughter . you know ? like maybe that 's the reason I be there : like in some weird way , this obviously amazing woman get to see she daughter again for a few minute , right before she die . emily ( very dry ) I see . and be she still inhabit you body ? or do she go right back to the spirit world after it be over ? lisa I do not mean she ws literally inhabit my body . I do not believe in all that stuff at all . emily I do not give a fuck what you believe in . 2nd Green revise 11/20/05 - page 129a a 143 continued : ( 3 ) 143 lisa oh my God ! why be you so mad at I !? emily because this be not a opera ! lisa ( flushing ) what ? you think I think this be a opera ? 2nd Green revise 11/20/05 - page 129a-130 143 continued : ( 4 ) 143 emily yes ! lisa you think I be make this into a dramatic situation because I think it 's dramatic ?!? emily I think you be very young . lisa what do that have to do with anything ? if anything I think it mean I care more than someone who 's older ! because this kind of thing have never happen to I before ! emily no , it mean you care more easily ! there 's a big difference ! except that it 's not you it 's happen to ! lisa yes it be ! I know I be not the one who be run over -- emily that 's right , you be not . and you be not the one who die of leukemia , and you be not the one who just die in a earthquake in -- Algeria ! but you will be . do you understand I ? you will be . and it 's not a opera and it 's not dramatic -- lisa I be well aware of that ! emily and this first - blush phony deepness of yours be worth nothing . lisa oh wow . emily do you understand ? it 's not worth anything , because it will be trowele over in a month or two . and then when you get older , and you do not have a big reaction every time a d get run over , then , then we will find out what kind of a person you be ! but this be nothing ! I be sorry , but I do not start this conversation and I do not play this game . 2nd Green revise 11/20/05 - page 131 143 continued : ( 5 ) 143 lisa ( draw herself up ) I be not -- emily and do not look so outrage ! because I be not say anything very outrageous ! I be tell you to knock it off ! you have every right to falsify you own life , but you have no right to falsify anyone else 's . it 's what make people into Nazis ! and I be sorry , but it 's a little suspicious that you be make such a fuss about this when you do not know she , and you be have trouble with you own mother -- lisa oh my God ! emily but this be nm life we be talk about , much more than it be yours ! because it 's my real friend who get kill , who I be never go to see again , really ! whom I have know since I be nineteen year old myself . ok ? and I do not want that suck into some kind of adolescent self - dramatization ! lisa I be not fuck dramatize anything ! emily ( not have it ) ok -- lisa I be there , and you be not ! and if I happen to express myself a little hyperbolically , Emily , that 's just the way I talk ! I can not help it if my mother be a actress ! why be you be so fuck strident ? emily strident ? lisa yeah . emily ok . um , you should leave . lisa why ? because I call you strident ? 132 143 continued : ( 6 ) 143 emily yeah : strident ? you should leave . thanks . I do not wanna be call strident and you be deliberately misunderstanding I ! lisa no I be not ! you be insulting I enough as it be : you do not have to call I stupid too ! emily well I can not stop you do this so I think you have better go . lisa ok ! I will . emily now ! lisa ok ! let I get my purse ! Lisa grab she purse and coat . Emily half - walk , half - drive she toward the door . lisa ( cont 'd ) do this mean we be drop the whole inquiry ? emily it mean you be leave . I do not know what else it mean . lisa all I mean by say you be strident be that you be be emphatic ! I obviously misus the word ! emily look it up when you get home . lisa Jesus Christ . you be amazing . emily yeah . uh huh . I be amazing . lisa ( burst into tear ) why be you do this ... .! emily Lisa , I be not do anything ! I be a human be ! monica be a human be ! so be she daughter ! and so be you mother ! ( more ) 2nd Green revise 11/20/05 - page 133 143 continued : ( 7 ) 143 emily ( cont ' D ) we be not support character in the fascinating story of you life ! lisa I never say or think you be ...! and I really do not mean to call you strident ! I totally misus the word ! I be not try to insult you , Emily , I really be not ! I feel so bad about what happen and I be try so hard to do something about it ! and I do not understand why if I say something wrong you can not just give I a break ! I do not mean I think she daughter take over my body . I be not a idiot . it be just this feel I have because she be hold onto my hand so hard before she die , and because we have the same first name ! emily ok ... lisa but I be not try to dramatize anything , Emily . I really know about that trend , and I really do not think I have be do that . emily ok . I believe you . and look up " strident . " lisa I will . they kiss and make up , but it 's still a little ugly . 143a int . cohen live room . night 143a Lisa , Joan and curtis be watch Joan be interview on tv . we do not see the screen . joan I have be in the theater my whole life and nothing like this have ever happen to I ... interviewer on tv ( o.c . ) now , any talk of the play become a film ? joan on tv ( o.c. ) oh , I be sure . but I would never get cast in that . I be not a movie star . interviewer on tv ( o.c . ) but you be a theater star ... joan on tv ( o.c. ) I do not know about that either ... 2nd Green revise 11/20/05 - page 133a 143a continued : 143a interviewer on tv ( o.c . ) you be ! joan on tv ( o . C . ) ( charmingly ) I guess ...! joan oh god. Joan bury she face in she hand . Lisa watch scowling . 134 143b int . cohen kitchen . night . 143b Joan be serve Lisa and curtis dinner . joan Lisa ? do you think Emily would like to come see the play ? I think you could both come and they maybe we could go out afterwards . lisa all right . let I ask she . joan dig in everybody ... they start eat . lisa I be think about spend next year with dad . joan ( shocked ) oh ? lisa yeah . you be all worried about my grade . they have really good public school in Santa monica , and if iofficially live with he , you would not have to worry about my scholarship . joan have you talk to he about this ? lisa we have have some general discussion . joan ( to curtis ) do you want to go too ? curtis ( surprised ) I ? joan yeah . do you want to move to LA too ? curtis no . joan well , just let I know if you do . 135 143b continued : 143b lisa why be you be like this ? joan why be I be like what ? lisa why be you about to start cry ? joan because it 's you intention to make I start cry ! lisa no it 's not -- - joan you want to move to LA . move to LA . lisa but why can not this even be mention without you take it personally ? I be just introduce a possibility ! joan oh ! Joan upset everything on the table and start to go . she come back and upset more thing on the table . joan here 's a possibility that you can make you own fuck dinner ! here 's a possibility lisa that you can do whatever you Jesus Christ ! want to do , because I do not what be with you ? even care anymore , you heartless little fuckin ' bitch ! lisa Fine ! keep it up ! it really make I want to stay here ! joan you think you be so fuck perfect !? she break something else and walk out . lisa no . curtis good one . lisa shut up . Green revise 10/7/05 - page 136 144 omit 144 145 int . history CLASS . day . 145 on the blackboard klein finish write : should teenager rule the world ? yes or no ? klein ok . go ahead : kirsten . lionel : put you drum away . lionel stop drum on he desk with he finger . kirsten I think that teenager should definitely rule the world , because teenager be not corrupt by adult life yet , and they be idealist and they care . and I know a lot of people feel that teenager be really naive , which they be , many of they . but they still have not have a chance to get burn out by the disappointment and the harsh reality of learn how to play the game . so yes , I would vote yes . klein all right : Lisa ? lisa I would tend to agree with all of that , except I do think that teenager do not always necessarily think thing through very carefully , and they do not have enough experience to know what the right thing to do be all the time . I also think they tend to adhere to ideology really easily without have actually bother to think they through for themselves . -- lewis such as what ? lisa such as what ? such as , gee , I do not know : the Hitler youth ? klein ok ... Hitler youth . lisa or what about all this teenage suicide bomber ? not that I want to get into the whole palestinian thing again , but assume you do not think suicide bombing be a good thing , would not you say that 's a example of be idealistic without use you critical faculty ? ( more ) Green revise 10/7/05 - page 137 145 continued : 145 lisa ( cont 'd ) and maybe run the risk of have you youthful enthusiasm be co-opt by adult for purpose of they own that you might not even ultimately agree with ? Angie 's hand shoot up . so do several other . lewis ok , Angie ? angie yeah , I do not want to get into the whole palestinian thing again either , because I realize I be completely outnumber -- ANTHONY not unlike the Palestinians themselves . angie that 's not really funny , Anthony . angie ( to lisa ) klein -- and I be not even go to segal : cut the comedy . comment on the fact that you just compare a 19 - year - old ANTHONY palestinian to a member of I think it be funny ... the Hitler youth , which I personally find so offensive lisa I do not even know where to  '' that 's right ! because start -- oh , it 's not because they both like to kill they have be occupy and Jews . humiliate and bomb out of they home for the last klein fifty year ? hey ! hey ! Lisa ! hey ! lewis lisa come on , guy ... yes ! that 's partly why they like it ! there 's angie still a million pale - if anyone 's act like stinian who do not blow Nazis it 's the israeli up child on buss government ! because they be so " frustrated ! " lewis ok , ok ! monica ? monica well , I do not know if this be good or bad , but speak of ideology , it 's interesting that the suicide bomber -- just for example -- care enough about what they believe in to sacrifice they life for it . whereas 2nd Blue revise 10/28/05 - page 138 145 continued : ( 2 ) 145 angie yes . yes ! lisa I think it 's fine if you want to sacrifice you life for what you believe in . I actually think that 's really noble . it 's a little different when you be willing to sacrifice someone else 's life , you know ? I personally do not think that 's such a big ideological achievement ! angie um , even if there 's no other way to get you out of my country ? lewis lisa raise you hand ! they have not try any other way ! it 's not angie like kill civilian yes they have ! they be be they last resort ! try it right now ! it 's they first resort ! because it 's easy and they like it ! angie ( cont 'd ) oh they like it ? they be just bad people and they like it ? lisa yes ! there be bad people in the world ! I think they like blow up the World Trade Center ! they kill they own sister when they get rape ! it 's call barbarism ! monica lisa who kill they own sister ? it 's practically all people do be kill each other ! lionel if they do not like it they you guy be not the only would not do it ! period ! one in this class ! klein &amp ; lewis hey ! silence . lewis if you lady can not make you point without yell or interrupt each other or raise you hand , I would say it be a pretty good argument for " no . " lisa why , adult do not yell and interrupt each other ? 2nd Blue revise 10/28/05 - page 138a 145 continued : ( 3 ) 145 lewis Lisa ! lisa sorry . lewis let 's try to put this in a broad perspective . the question be not actually who 's to blame in the arab israeli conflict angie the Israelis . 139 145 continued : ( 4 ) 145 lisa ok , you be a moron . lewis ( he 's have enough ) Lisa ! angie klein you be not even jewish , Lisa ! the next goddamn person who open they mouth without lisa raise they hand be . I be fuckin ' half - jewish , and outta this class ! who care what I be ? I be anti- murder , not pro-israel . lewis Lisa ? Lisa ? you can leave ! lisa Fine . thank you . Lisa pass the blackboard , grab some chalk and check " no . " lisa ( cont 'd ) by the way , she just prove my point . angie lewis no I do not . Lisa , go ! Lisa leave . Lewis turn to the class . lewis now : a o.c. burst of applause take we to -- 146 int . theater lobby . night . 146 Ramon clap as Joan come out to greet he , Lisa and Emily . ramon that 's the best show yet ! every time it 's a better performance . joan God , thank you ! hi , Emily , thanks so much for come ... emily oh , thank you for the ticket . pause . Joan wait for Emily or Lisa to say something nice . joan shall we go ? 147 int . restaurant / bar . night . 147 Joan , Lisa , Emily and Ramon be have drink . 140 147 continued : 147 lisa -- and I guess I lose my cool a little , but I just love it ' when people start compare the Israelis to Nazis ... joan but who be run this discussion ...? ramon well , but Lisa , you have to remember , it 's always easy for the dominant side to be content with the status quo . joan mmm . - emily how do you mean , Ramon ? ramon I mean the oppressor be always in favor of law and order because it 's he law and he order . he use violence to maintain he position and call it the rule of law . but when the person underfoot use violence to change he status he 's call a criminal and a terrorist , and the violence of the State be call upon to put he down , and once again it 's call the rule of law . in colombia -- emily I see . and what would you like they to do ? pause . ramon " they " meaning -- emily the Jew oppressor . what would you like they to do ? pause . ramon I do not use that expression . emily but since you ask - no , you do not . ( i.e. " you do not have to . " ) lisa um , I just spend the whole day argue about this : I do not really mean to bring it up again . 141 147 continued : ( 2 ) 147 emily ( turn on she ) do not handle I . lisa I be not handle you . joan ( generally ) what do you think of the play ? ramon lisa and I think it 's ironic in do not bother , Mom . the extreme that the victim of Nazis find it essential emily -- find it essential to if the Israelis be like use the Nazi tactic to Nazis there would not be sustain they occupation . any Arabs leave , and I be leave . lisa ( agree with Emily ) that 's what I think ! Emily try to unhook she purse from the back of she chair . joan that seem excessive , Emily , come on -- ramon that 's the response . that 's the jewish response . emily it 's the what ? ramon it 's the jewish response . you do not like what I be say or what I do , so you -- emily that 's my jewish response . Emily throw she drink in he face and walk away . joan oh my God ...! ramon it 's all right ... ( wiping off he face ) that 's all right ... it 's a perfect little .encapsule ... it 's the jewish response . a horrible silence as they watch Ramon clean he shirt . 142 148 int . joan be room . night . 148 Joan be get ready - for bed . Lisa appear in the doorway . lisa sorry about all that tonight . joan yeah . you friend be a delight . lisa she 's a really passionate person . she really care about thing . joan she 's rude , Lisa . Ramon be my guest , not hers . and-so.was she , as a matter of fact -- lisa so what ? why be it so joan important that people be no -- I be not be -- I be polite all the time ? why not argue about this with be that the big priority ? you ! I be not interested in a exchange of idea . as it happen Ramon say a few thing I be not too crazy about either , so I guess that 's the end of that ... lisa oh be that suppose to be Emily 's fault too ? joan I do not want to talk to you right now . please go away . 149 int . ramon' office . day . 149 Ramon be on the phone in he big midtown corner office . ramon ( on the phone ) Joan , I will not defend myself . all what I mean be , that be the typical response you will get from someone who will take that position that that woman be take . but if you like to break up with I because I use the wrong adjective , what I be go to do ? I be not go to beg you . 150 int . cohen kitchen / karl house . day . 150 Joan enter slowly and check the water on the stove . Lisa be eat a carrot and read a magazine . silence . 143 150 continued : 150 lisa well ...? how 's that anti-semitic piece of shit Ramon ? - joan oh God , I do not know . the phone ring . Lisa pick up . lisa hello ? karl ( on phone ) yeah . it 's dad . 151 int . karl house . day .- 151 we CUT between they . lisa hi , dad , how be you ? I be really look forward to we horseback riding trip ... karl yeah . that 's why I be call . I do not think it 's go to happen . lisa really ? what 's the matter ? karl nothing 's the matter . nobody seem to really want to go , and I do not really feel like spend three thousand buck on something nobody have the slight interest in . so I think it 's obviously better for everyone if we just cancel . lisa I never say I do not want to go . karl well , I can not seem to get a straight answer about what anybody want to eat , um , annette be give I a hard time about she schedule , I talk to curtis and all I get be monosyllable , so -- lisa I think - he 's really look forward to it -- karl uh huh ? well , you know , that have not really be my impression . so , uh ... I also think it would be good to shelve the idea of you come out here next year . ( more ) 144 151 continued : 151 karl ( cont 'd ) it look like thing be gonna start pick up for I in the fall , which mean I be probably not gonna be around the house all that much , and since you and annette detest each other , I do not , uh , I do not think that 's what I want to come home to after a fourteen hour day . lisa we do not detest each other karl ok , well , it do not really strike I as something you be that serious about anyway , so what do you say we just table it for the time be ? lisa ok . karl ok . so tell curtis , uh , that New Mexico 's off ... ummm , and I will talk to you , ummm , whenever . lisa ok ... karl yeah . he hang up . lisa hang up too . joan what 's wrong ? lisa dad 's cancelling the trip . joan what ? why ? lisa he 's say nobody want to go and he do not want to spend the money . joan do you say you do not want to go ? lisa no , I know there be some problem with annette about arrange for food because I do not eat dead animal , but . I do not think it be . go to wreck the whole trip . joan oh boy . 145 151 continued : ( 2 ) 151 lisa I think you say it sound like it be go to be a disaster . personally I be relieved . I be not move out there , either , by the way , obviously . which be fine too . 152 int . karl house . day . 152 Karl sit hold the phone in a savage depression . 153 int . mr aaron's apartment . day . 153 Lisa sit on a sofa . she take a sip of coffee . lisa thank you for let I come up . I do not know who else to talk to . she 's talk to mr aaron , who look very uncomfortable . mr aaron that 's all right ... lisa you have always be very sympathetic to my craziness , and I may not show it all the time , but I actually really appreciate it . mr aaron it 's no problem , Lisa . what 's be go on ? lisa I just need to talk to somebody who do not completely misunderstand who iam . or not even who I be , but what 's go on inside I , or all around I . sound confuse enough ? anyway , for whatever reason , I always feel like we understand each other on some level , even though I be like a mass of conflict impulse and you be basically the most grow - up , rational man I know . mr aaron well ... I doubt that 's actually true but thank you ... lisa you seem pretty fuckin ' rational to I . like that seem to be you lead feature . I mean you obviously have a lot of pretty deep feeling ... so when you be rational - just to finish my think -- it 's like this really interesting way of govern yourself . ( more ) 146 153 continued : 153 lisa ( cont 'd ) and you do not have to get all uncomfortable again : I be not talk about what you think I be talk about , because I know that subject be - off-limit . I be talk about you soul , I guess , and how you feel you have to keep it in check all the time by be sensible . do you know what I be say at all ? mr aaron well ... we all have feeling , Lisa . I happen to believe that who you be come out of how you deal with that feeling . somebody make you mad , you do not just pick up a gun and shoot they ... or if you do , that say something about who you be , and how you have be raise ... lisa well , I do not want to disillusion you , but we happen to be live in a world where that be what people do . more often than not . mr aaron that 's not true , Lisa . I think it 's very sad that you see it that way . there 's eight billion people alive in the world and you think they do not all want to kill someone once in a while ? but they do not . most of they . or they see some person they -- ( pause ) I think most people do try to be civilized by some standard . even if it 's a standard you and I might not agree with ... lisa no , I get it . that 's actually the most hopeful thing anybody 's say to I for a long time . I do not know why I take such a dire view of thing , I really do not . she remove she jacket . she 's wear a small clingy T-shirt . lisa ( cont 'd ) just a little hot ... a little warm . be this all right ? mr aaron sure . lisa do you allow smoking in you apartment ? mr aaron you can smoke . she get she cigarettes out and light one . he get up and bring she a ashtray . they meet at the sofa and sit . 147 153 continued : ( 2 ) 153 lisa I like you apartment . mr aaron thank you . she blow some smoke out and wave it away . lisa sorry . mr aaron that 's all right . lisa this be terrible . mr aaron what be ? what 's terrible ? lisa I just like you so much ... ( smooth she ash on the ashtray . ) sorry . what a moron . mr aaron ( take she hand ) hey. Lisa . I be you friend . and that 's not gonna change . that 's not gonna change . lisa thanks . thank you . she kiss he hand a couple of time . mr aaron Lisa ... lisa please just let I for a second . I like you so much . I like you so , so much . she kiss he hand more elaborately . he let this go on . she lift she head up and they kiss for real . after a moment she slide she hand onto he leg . mr aaron ok , look ... lisa do not stop I yet , ok ? they kiss some more . she bend down to unzip he fly . mr aaron please do not do that . 148 153 continued : ( 3 ) 153 lisa just let I for one second ... she bend she head over he lap . he let she . 154 int . mr aaron's apartment . later . 154 close on they face as they be have have sex on the sofa . she freeze up and start freaking out . mr aaron be you all right ? lisa nothing . it 's ok . - mr aaron maybe we should stop . lisa do not stop . it 's ok . mr aaron be you all right ? lisa yes , yes , you do not have to keep ask I that . mr aaron I think we should stop . lisa no , keep go ...! she keep push against he . 155 int . mr aaron's apartment . later . 155 at the door . she be leave . he be burn with guilt and shame . silence . then : lisa all I can say be I better get a pretty fuckin ' good grade in geometry this year . ( pause ) lighten up ! I be kid . mr aaron sorry . I really do not expect anything like this to happen . I be really not sure how to react . lisa do not worry . I be not gonna tell anybody if that 's what you be worried about . I totally initiate the whole thing . ( more ) 149 155 continued : 155 lisa ( cont 'd ) anyway , it 's just sex . you be act like a little kid . I will see you in school . she walk out . he be very flummox . 155a insert : a new york time metro section article : 155a driver in bus crash have record of previous accident . the driver of a city bus which kill a Upper West side woman last month have two previous drive violation on he record , accord to -- 156 int . deutscha' office . day . 156 Lisa and Emily sit in the office with deutsch . deutsch well , they want to settle . lisa &amp ; emily they do ...? deutsch I have a meeting with they lawyer this afternoon , and they want to discuss a settlement . so we should get abigail on the phone and talk about what - we be gonna do . emily fantastic . Lisa get tear in she eye and smile , embarrassed . lisa sorry . emily that 's ok . 157 157 int . deutscha' office / int . abigail' house . later . they sit around the speaker phone . abigail 's husband , rob berwitz , be also on the other end . abigail Mr deutsch ? Mr -- deutsch rob I be right here . I just have the think -- abigail ( cont 'd ) Mr deutsch -- I be just gonna give my husband the floor because he have a few question -- Green revise 10/7/05 - page 150 157 continued : 157 rob Mr deutsch , I have the think , if they be willing to settle so quickly , maybe we be better off wait a little bit , maybe rattling the sabre a little bit more ... abigail yes , if they be so quick to agree to a settlement on this basis -- deutsch what you gotta realize -- what you gotta really -- emily abigail , russel do not think -- sorry , go ahead . deutsch no , no ... emily my friend have a lot of trouble get the one story place in the paper as it be -- deutsch . could I interject ? abigail but if they respond so strongly base on one story ... rob maybe we be cuttin ' we own throat here . deutsch they be respond to the story in the paper ... abigail . that 's just common sense . deutsch but what you gotta understand be they be offer to settle now because they want to get the story out of the paper . emily lisa that 's why russel think -- besides , the main point be not to jack up the price . abigail I be sorry -- rob -- we do not hear that last . Green revise 10/7/05 - page 150 a 157 continued : ( 2 ) 157 deutsch ( to emily and lisa ) lady , let I just -- abigail . rob. ( more ) Green revise 10/7/05 - page 151 157 continued : ( 3 ) 157 deutsch ( cont 'd ) if I could finish my think -- they be jumpin ' at the bait right now , but if another six month go by we run a serious risk of lose we momentum . you see what I mean ? now I be gonna hit them very very hard , I guarantee you . that 's why I want all of we together on the phone , so we could talk about you other term , besides the damage . I promise you , we 'ere gonna be very very aggressive -- abigail what other term would there be ? rob what do you mean , like some kind of a fund ? deutsch a what ? rob some kind of fund ? for the kid ? deutsch I do not understand what you mean by a fund ... rob abigail ( to abigail ) Mr. deutsch ? do you mean what do he mean , " besides some kind of trust fund , the damage ? " a fund that would be set up by the bus company for emily we kid ? for tax purpose ? what fuckin ' fund ? lisa this people be retarded . abigail because I have to tell you we have just live through that nightmare with monica and we child , and it be not a pleasant experience . we just want a clean , straight damage be fine . a regular payment . we will pay the tax on it . at least we will have something in we hand ... deustch I do not really know what kind of fund you be talk about ... lisa we be not talk about -- hi , this be Lisa ? we be abigail talk -- we be talk hello , Lisa . about -- hello ? Green revise 10/7/05 - page 152 157 continued : ( 4 ) 157 pause . abigail we be still here . lisa we be talk about the driver , get the driver fire -- abigail oh , yes -- lisa -- as part of the condition . emily yes , abigail , it 's very important to we that the company know that 's a absolute pre-condition to make any kind of settlement whatsoever . abigail oh yes . absolutely . if you think he 's at fault -- rob just as long as they do not think they can buy we off just by gettin ' rid of this guy . you see what I mean ? deutsch absolutely . rob what we be most concerned about here be the amount . emily yes , we be get that , Rob . rob but you see what I mean ? deutsch yes -- Rob ? yes I do . rob I just want to go on record as say I think this whole meeting be premature . abigail absolutely . we be not lawyer -- deutsch abigail ? Rob ? I just wanna make something clear . one conversation do not commit you to anything . ( more ) Green revise 10/7/05 - page 152a 157 continued : ( 5 ) 157 deutsch ( cont 'd ) and I be not gonna agree to anything without consulting you . but I be work for you . ( more ) 153 157 continued : ( 6 ) 157 deutsch ( cont 'd ) so if you be tell I not to take the meeting I be not gonna take the meeting . abigail - rob no . we be not say that . no no no -- go for it . 158 int . cohen apartment . day . 158 Lisa have just tell Joan the news . Joan be on the sofa . joan Lisa , I be really proud of you ! lisa thank you . joan really , really proud ...! lisa thank you . pause . Joan get to she foot and start tidy up . lisa ( cont 'd ) be you upset about something ...? joan no . this house be really beginning to get to I . and I be a little confuse what to do about Ramon . I mean , you be there : what do you think ? lisa uh , gee , Mom maybe you should really think about it some more . because it would probably hurt Ramon 's feeling if you break up with he and I think you better think about it before you do something like that to he . joan I know I be suppose to understand what you be do right now , but if there 's some kind of hide message here I be not get it . lisa no shit . you be on you own , Mom . joan thanks a lot . lisa you be welcome . the phone ring . Joan pick it up . 154 158 continued : 158 joan ( into phone ) hello ? - yes . what do you mean ?? lisa what 's the matter ? joan ( listening ) yes ? . yes ? ( to lisa ) Ramon have a heart attack . lisa what ? be he gonna be -- joan uiet ! curtis appear . they both watch Joan at the phone . instead of dissolve , Joan listen , straighten up and calm down as the person on the phone talk . 159 ext . riverside chapel . day . 159 mourner be go inside the funeral parlor . 160 int . funeral parlor . day . 160 Joan and Lisa look around the room . lisa ok , I be really not try to be funny , but be not this a jewish funeral home ? joan I guess they do both . they notice a few too many good - look woman cry a little too hard . Lisa and Joan look at each other . rodrigo , a handsome slender kid of 20 , come up to Joan . his accent be british , with a slight colombian cadence . rodrigo Excuse I . Joan ? joan yes . you must be rodrigo . oh my God , oh I be so sorry . she impulsively embrace he . joan ( cont 'd ) rodrigo , this be my -- 155 160 continued : 160 rodrigo I want to tell you , Joan , my dad talk about you all the time . joan he do ? rodrigo yes . the night he meet you , he call I in England and wake I to tell I about it , he be so excited . I never hear he talk about anyone like that since my mother die . joan really ? rodrigo I do not know if this be appropriate ... joan no it 's ok ...! rodrigo . but he go out a lot . do you know the last time I speak to he he tell I from the moment he meet you he know he want to marry you , because for the first time since he lose my mother , he finally meet a woman he could really connect with . joan ( at a total loss ) well -- he be a very sweet man . and I know he love you and you brother very much . rodrigo ( getting tearful ) yeah , I know he do . thank you . 161 int . lisa' room . day . 161 Lisa be at she computer . Joan be by the doorway . joan thanks for come with I today . I really appreciate it . lisa oh , you be welcome . joan I do not want to be macabre , but Ramon and I be suppose to go to hear the tale of hoffman the week after next and I still have the ticket . would you be interested in go ? or should I give they away ? 2nd pink revise 11/17/05 - page 156 161 continued : 161 lisa um , I will go . joan ok . it 's Monday night . we can dress up . lisa ok . joan what do you make of that ? lisa ( still typing ) people do not relate to each other , Mom . they be totally disconnect . and if they have any time for each other at all , it 's either like a biological imperative or like some weird cultural anomaly . that 's what I make of it . joan well ... I think it 's pretty unfortunate that you think that . because I feel like you and I use to relate to each other really well . lisa I be not try to hurt you feeling . it 's just a general observation . joan ok ... hey , could I get a hug ? lisa sure . Lisa rise and hug Joan . it 's not a good hug . joan I just feel totally at sea . they break apart . 162 int . diner . day . 162 Mr Aaron and Lisa sit in a booth . Mr Aaron look grim . mr aaron I have think about this a great deal , and I be go to come forward . lisa oh brother . mr aaron what do that mean ? 2nd pink revise 11/17/05 - page 156a 162 continued : 162 lisa " you be gonna come forward . " and do what ? you do not kill anybody . ( more ) 157 162 continued : ( 2 ) 162 lisa ( cont 'd ) you just have sex with I after I practically begge you to . you be a guy . " I be gonna come forward . " mr aaron well , that 's what I be comfortable do . lisa suit yourself . I will deny everything and you be gonna look like a total psycho . and then my Mom '11 have you arrest , and then spend the rest of she life feel bad about it . so why do not we just skip the whole thing and forget about it ? mr aaron I be not sure I know how to do that . lisa you will learn . 163 int . lisa' bathroom . night . 163 Lisa look at a pregnancy test stick . both line be red . 164 int . joan be room . night . 164 Joan look up as Lisa come in . lisa good news ! 165 int . lisa' bathroom . night . 165 Joan and Lisa be look at the little stick . joan ok . what do you want to do ? lisa what do you mean ? be not joan you go to tell I . it 's you body . it 's you what to do ? ( half - baby . what do you want to do ? laugh ) baby ... .? joan yes ! now who be the father ? lisa it could be a lot of people . Joan look at she . Lisa haltingly hold she ground . Joan take a sympathetic step toward she . Lisa shrink back . Joan stop . her expression harden . joan who . 158 165 continued : 165 lisa I be never gonna tell you , Mom ! it 's against my principle ! such as they be . joan ( on " such " ) no , but you want to send that bus driver to jail for run a red light ! and you will not tell I about this boy ? 166 int . gynecologist waiting room / hall / recovery room . 166 Joan wait . she look around the small room . there be two couple and two lone woman . a nurse appear . nurse Mrs. Cohen ? tracking Joan as she get up and follow the nurse down a hall ... nurse ( cont 'd ) . she 's still a little woozy from the anaesthetic ... Joan go into the recovery room . Lisa be on the table in a crumpled paper robe , look like a small crumpled piece of paper herself . Joan sit down . lisa hi. joan hi honey . lisa I be sorry , Mom . joan let 's talk about it later . 167 int . deutscha' office . day . deutsch sit with Emily and Lisa . the berwitzes be on the speaker phone . deutsch I be very pleased to be able to inform you all that I have a long meeting with the lawyer for the bus company , and they have agree to settle out of court for three hundred and fifty thousand dollar . abigail &amp ; rob what ! fantastic ! that 's wonderful ! 159 167 continued : 167 deutsch I be assume this be agreeable to everybody -- abigail rob yes , fantastic that be fantastic ! deutsch ( cont 'd ) but I gotta -- obviously I gotta bring the offer to you , get you approval -- rob Mr deutsch ...? deutsch now , I know there be a concern after we last call that we be jump the gun a little bit -- rob that 's ok -- abigail we be only -- emily abigail ? Rob ? if we could just listen to what russel have to say , and then talk about it once he 's tell we the whole story and give we he recommendation ... rob yes. sorry . Fire away . deutsch I be gonna say I know there be a concern after we last call that we be jump the gun a little bit -- rob that 's ok -- abigail we be just -- emily would you let he talk please ?! deutsch it 's ok . abigail we be sorry . deutsch I want to tell you I think it 's a very good offer . ( more ) 160 167 continued : ( 2 ) 167 deutsch ( cont 'd ) I think they be very anxious to settle , but I also do think that at this moment they be under the maximum amount of pressure we can really bring to bear , and I do not believe they be gonna come up any higher -- abigail hey . Three hundred and fifty thousand dollar ... rob ok , now let I just -- abigail .that 's nothin ' to sneeze at . rob abigail I just want to introduce now , 1 think -- can the think -- you all hear I ? deutsch , emily , lisa yes ! abigail yeow ! be that everybody ? ok : lisa what about -- abigail -- Emily ? what do you think ? emily I think it sound like we should do it . but I would like to discuss some of the -- abigail ( on " but " ) hey , if that 's the vote ... rob unless you think there 's something to be gain from hold out for more . deutsch I think it would be a big mistake . abigail Robbie , what do you think ? rob sold ! abigail sold ! 161 167 continued : ( 3 ) 167 deutsch ok . now the only down side to this as it stand -- and the reason I ask Emily and Lisa to be here be because I know this may be a serious wrinkle for you all -- be that the bus company will absolutely not discuss the removal of the driver . lisa &amp ; emily what ? lisa what do you mean ? rob the driver ? lisa emily then forget it . tell they to what do you mean they forget it . will not discuss the removal of the driver ? deutsch please . lady . let I rob finish what I be say . whoa -- hello ! abigail it 's just a blast in we ear . emily ( to lisa ) let he finish . lisa finish what ? forget it ! deutsch ( to emily ) thank you . I want you to understand , Lisa , I press they very very hard on this , but they will not discuss discipline of a company employee as part of the settlement because it could be see as a admission of guilt on the part of the mta -- lisa what do give we three hundred thousand dollar mean ? deutsch settle out of court do not imply a admission of guilt . it simply do not carry the same stigma . on top of that you may not know , Lisa , they be involved in a very tricky labor dispute at the mta right now : 162 167 continued : ( 4 ) 167 lisa yeah , we know all about that ! just tell they to forget it . ' deutsch I know that 's you reaction ... lisa it 's the only reason we be here . rob can I jump in here ? russel ? deutsch ( to lisa ) . but it 's really not you decision . rob abigail hello ? be you still with we ? please ! lisa it 's Emily 's decision . emily no . deutsch no . rob hello ? lisa it 's not ? abigail they be not listen , Robbie . deutsch it 's abigail 's decision because she 's the next of kin . lisa but she do not even know about it ! emily that do not matter . abigail could we get back in this conversation please ? deutsch yes . I be sorry . obviously there 's some very strong emotion go either way on this -- 163 167 continued : ( 5 ) 167 abigail listen , Emily ? I do not know what you be think , but Rob and I be think we should take russel 's recommendation while we can . because if they will not fire the guy , they be not gonna fire he . and six month or a year from now we be gonna -- rob exactly . abigail we be gonna be in a situation where we be beggin ' they for half this much , which be gonna hurt them half as much as now , and they be still not gonna fire this guy ! or maybe he will have already quit and the whole thing will be moot by then .. do you see what I mean ? lisa the entire point of the lawsuit be to get the guy fire so he do not kill somebody else -- ! deutsch lemme just clarify -- lisa -- it be not to get you three hundred and fifty thousand dollar you do not know you be entitle to , for somebody you do not even like ... ! abigail this be a distortion -- lisa and the only reason you be get the money at all be because I start this whole fuck thing in motion ! I be sorry for swear , but you should be willing to trade in all the money for get this guy off the street -- emily for get he , abigail ! abigail well I be sorry , but I have a responsibility to monica and I take that responsibility very seriously . you be talk about a offer that be gonna be withdraw if we do not do something about it right now . ( more ) 164 167 continued : ( 6 ) 167 abigail ( cont 'd ) and rather than be abuse over the telephone and curse at for have the courtesy to involve you in this discussion , Lisa , I would hope you would be guide by we judgement . unless I be wrong about that . lisa none of that matter -- abigail unless I be wrong about that . just what be you interest in this ? lisa because I be the one who kill she ! I be the one who kill she ! but at least I know I do it , and that guy have no idea ! and he 's wander around blame everybody else and all I want be for somebody to let he know that what he do be wrong ! and if they do not fire he and all you want be the money and the police will not do anything , how be he gonna know he 's wrong ? you can not take the deal , abigail ! it be not so you could get any money , it be because we want to get he fire ! it do not matter about the money ! you would not have get it before ! abigail well it may not matter to you , but where I come from three hundred and fifty thousand dollar be a awful lot of money , and to my mind be a positive result of all this tragedy and not just negative . not just get someone fire for one mistake , no matter how bad it be -- lisa oh shove it up you ass ! she knock the speaker phone off the desk and run to the door in flood of tear . deutsch &amp ; emily Lisa ! lisa you sleazy fuck lawyer ! and you be a moralistic cunt ! she run out . 165 168 ext . STREET . day . 168 tracking in front of Lisa as she walk - run down the busy street . a city bus appear behind she and go by . she crane to see the driver . it 's not she guy . she keep go . 169 ext . school . day . 169 Lisa stand against a car , smoking , as the kid flow out of the building . Mr Aaron come out , talk with bonnie , the gymnastics teacher . they walk away from the school together . Lisa catch up with they . bonnie hey , Lisa . what 's up ? - lisa hey , do you guy know I have a abortion last week ? pause . mr aaron no . I do not know that . lisa yeah , it cost four hundred dollar . bonnie um , should I ... mr aaron no , no , do not go anywhere . lisa yeah , do not go anywhere . bonnie do not know what to make of this . Mr Aaron look steadily at Lisa . mr aaron do you want to tell we about it ? lisa yeah . I do . mr aaron ok . - go ahead . lisa well ... she do not speak . pause . bonnie do you parent know about this , Lisa ? 166 169 continued : 169 lisa yes . bonnie have you tell the father , honey ? lisa no ... there 's a couple of people it could be . mr aaron I think you better tell they . whoever they be . lisa no ... no ... never mind ... I be sure he 's sorry anyway , whichever one he be . mr aaron I do not see what difference that make , if he 's sorry . and I think whoever it be should know about this . lisa I be sorry . I should not have bring this up . please do not tell anyone . bonnie we be not gonna tell anyone . but you be gonna have to tell whoever it could be -- lisa ( on have to " ) that 's ok . I gotta go . thanks for listen . it 's -- it do not matter about the father , because the whole thing be my fault . I be sorry ...! she shake she head and run away . bonnie what be that ...? 170 int . cohen apartment . day . 170 Lisa come in . curtis be do he homework at the table . curtis Mom 's look for you . lisa what for ? curtis she think you be go out with she tonight . 167 170 continued : 170 lisa where be we go ? curtis I do not know . Lisa head for she room . Joan appear , half -dress . joan Lisa ? honey ? do you forget we be go to the opera ? lisa yes . joan I do not - remind you because I do not want to nag you . lisa it 's ok . 171 ext . broadway -- near lincoln CENTER . dusk . 171 Lisa start to cross the street against the light . Joan take she arm . joan do not get run over . a cab rattles by . Lisa look down the street . a bus be approach . lisa wait . I want to see if that 's he . joan what . they wait . the bus get closer , head straight toward they and stop at the bus stop . Lisa grab she mother 's arm . lisa it be he . Mom , that 's the one ... Joan and Lisa look at he . he 's stare out ahead of he as people board the bus . he sees Lisa and Joan but can not see they face and do not recognize Lisa : he just see two dolled - up woman under the street light . he smile dazzle at they and drive past with a short wave . Joan look at Lisa . she look like she 's about to throw up . joan come on . we be gonna miss the curtain . 168 172 ext . metropolitan opera -- outdoor terrace . night . 172 Lisa be out on the terrace smoking a cigarette , look out over lincoln Center . Joan come out and stand next to she , but Lisa will not look at she or interact . joan well , so far it 's not the great opera I ever hear . lisa what do you mean ? it 's ok . the end -of-intermission chime sound . people start go in . Joan turn and go in too . Lisa keep smoking . 172a int . metropolitan opera - grand staircase . night 172a Lisa come down the stair and go into -- 173 int . metropolitan opera -- orchestra . night . 173 Lisa hurry down the long aisle . the light dim . the audience applaud the enter conductor . she pick she way past the other patron in the row , whisper " Excuse I " and take she seat just as the music start . Joan look at she . Lisa stare straight ahead . the curtain rise . on stage , the two woman start sing the barcarole " Belle nuit . " it 's very beautiful . Joan look next to she at Lisa . Lisa be try not to cry , but tear be drip slowly down she face . she sniff and wipe they away , but they keep come . Joan look at she again , but Lisa still will not look at she . Joan take Lisa 's hand and Lisa break down completely , clutching Joan 's hand back , squeezing it hard . Joan start cry too out of sympathy . as the duet go on they sit side by side hold hand , Lisa cry and hold on and wiping she eye with she free hand and Joan cry too , but not as hard , grateful finally that the spell have be break . the duet end and we CUT to black . the end