Maria full of Grace by joshua marston registered wgae # 129546-00 '' 2001 joshua marston final shoot script in a SMALL town to the NORTH of bogota , colombia ... ext . hillside , behind a SMALL build — day the landscape be a poor neighborhood of narrow , unpave road etched into the side of a hill overlook a small colombian town . the building be all low - one and two-story — make of pour concrete and cinder - block with line of laundry stretch from one to the other . in back of a building , maria , 17 with black wavy hair and dark eye , be make out with juan , 19 and skinny as a rail . they lip be absolutely lock . Juan put one hand behind she waist and press she up against the wall . as he move from kissing she lip to she cheek , Maria open she eye - look rather unenthusiastic . Juan bury he face in she neck , but Maria be stare up at the pattern of a tv aerial at the top of the building . ( note : all dialogue be in spanish ) juan let 's go to you house . maria I do not want to go to my house . juan where do you want to go then ? maria I do not know . someplace else . Maria gaze up at the top of the building and smile . maria ( cont 'd ) how about up there ? juan ( look up ) on the roof ? why do you wanna go up there ? maria why not ? ... come on . it 's not that high . juan what be you crazy ? ( continued ) continued : maria ( fix he ) see how you treat I ? you be a drag . juan let 's not get start with this , ok ? maria if I go up there will you follow I ? juan ( reticent ) if I go , be we gonna do it up there ? Maria smile . she turn and take a good look at the back of the building . she put she foot on a rock and pull herself up to a first - floor window - sill . she find a small ledge and continue to scale up . Juan look sure she will not make it up . Maria concentrate on what she 's do - never look down . she pull herself up to a second - floor window , but then get stick about six foot below the roof . juan ( cont 'd ) come down . we will go to you place . Maria place she foot on a very small protrusion and push up - she slip but grab the edge of the roof just in time and pull herself up . Juan stare up in disbelief . maria ( smile , look down ) come on . you turn . juan no way . maria come up - I have something to tell you . juan come down . maria no. beat . Juan look around , at a loss for what to do . juan you know what then , I be take off . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) maria ( exasperate ) then go . I be not come down . juan Fine . you can come down the same way you go up - alone . I x11 see ya . Juan start to walk away down the hill . Maria watch he go , down toward a small , isolate town ringed by mountain . CUT to : int . bedroom — before dawn in a small bedroom with lime - green wall and two single bed , Maria lie asleep with she walkman next to she pillow . on the wall above she be tear - out magazine picture of various teen idol , salsa star , and a pink cartoon teddy - bear . Maria 's mother juana call from the other room , juana ( 0s ) Maria . get up . int . bathroom — before dawn a precarious electric water - heating element mount on the shower-head , with wire stick out of it , shift into the on position . Maria put she head fully under the water . int . kitchen / MAIN room — before dawn pacho , one year old , be crying on he back on a tatter couch in the main room of the small house . Maria 's sister diana , 19 , stand over he , press down on he stomach . rosita , Maria 's grandmother , move to and from the cramped kitchen set out cup of hot chocolate and roll . juana , 40 , be already dress and fold laundry . diana his stomach be hard . I be really worried . Maria come in comb she hair . maria what be you do ? ( continued ) continued : diana he have not shit in like two day . he 's really constipate . maria whatever . he will go when he go . do not worry about it . juana Maria , do not brush you hair in the dining room please . maria he 's cranky because he 's get someone knead he stomach like a ball of dough . ( tickle pacho ) be not that right ? huh ? be not that right ? Maria pick pacho up and hold he over she head . he and catch he . diana ( take he back ) you be scare he . juana give he to I . rosita ( set down hot chocolate ) Maria , sit . juana take the baby and give diana a blanket . juana mama , will you fix a tea for he ? maria that teas be not gonna do anything for he . rosita take he to the doctor this afternoon . diana no grandma , I do not trust that guy . maria ( get up ) she throw he do not need to go to the doctor . the kid be fine . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) Maria go into the kitchen and open the fridge . rosita what be you look for ? maria I do not know . I do not feel like bread . I want something else . Maria cut a piece of pork sausage for herself . rosita that 's you breakfast ? ext . road — dark morning Maria , juana and diana walk along a dark , dusty road before dawn . the only light come from the window of other house they pass . they turn onto a pave STREET and stop at a arbitrary spot on the sidewalk and wait with several other people . there 's a minimum of ambient morning light ; it 's cold , people huddle . a creaky , old school bus lumber up and everyone file on - except for Maria . juana kiss Maria 's cheek and get on . juana see you later , honey . the bus pull away and Maria continue to wait . int . moving bus ( another ) — very early morning Maria sit by the window with blanca , also 17 but heavier - set than Maria . the bus lurch along . the seat be full of other people ( mostly woman ) , but there be no conversation - only the sound of the driver 's tinny radio . blanca have she head on Maria 's shoulder . Maria stare out at the pass farmland and cow . ext . plantation gatehouse — later Maria and blanca get off the bus and merge into a small sea of people who funnel through a tall steel gate past a uniform guard with steel - to boot and a shotgun . on the other side , the grounds be landscape and spotless . int . changing room — continuous Maria , blanca and about two dozen other woman put on blue jumpsuit over they clothes , along with thick , rubber boot . int . eating room — continuous in a large room with long wooden table and bench , about a hundred worker eat breakfast . there be a din of conversation . at one table , blanca eat a roll as Maria interrogates she . maria so do you meet he ? blanca I wait by the plaza but he never come . maria be you kid ? he do not show up ? blanca well it be not a real date . he say he might be there . maria ( laugh ) how long do you wait ? blanca do not laugh . maria I be not laugh . how long do you wait ? blanca it do not matter . he be not really my type ... anyway ... you see that guy over there ? they both turn and look at a guy in a green jumpsuit sit two table away . he make eye contact with blanca and smile . blanca ( cont 'd ) he smile at I like all the time . the two of they giggle uncontrollably . int . bathroom — later Maria stand at the basin of the plantation bathroom . she splashes water on she face and rinse she mouth . int . flower plantation — later in a vast greenhouse , row and row of tall pink - rise plant extend into the distance . a space - man wear a thick rubber suit , a rubber face mask and a rubber head - cover walk through spraying a fine mist of chemical fumigant onto the flower . elsewhere in the same greenhouse woman clip rose . this be a high -volume flower plantation . maria work in the warehouse — a immense hangar with a high roof and about eighty worker all in blue jumpsuit . there be flower everywhere - bundle of red , yellow , orange , and violet . the whole place be a hive of activity : some worker guide large cart on a rail - system into the warehouse ; some measure and classify the rose into bundle ; some place the bundle in large box for shipment abroad . it be a tightly regiment operation . Maria wear thick rubber glove and stand in front of a splintering plywood board . next to she be a huge bunch of 100 red rose . one by one , she take the rose , examine the quality of the bud , measure the length , and then with a quick , violent jerk she pull they over a open blade to strip off the thorns . it 's a tedious , repetitive action . she be one in a line of twenty people do the same work . she catch a thorn in she thumb and stop to examine it through the hole in the tip of she glove . her skin be dot with thorn scar . she 's sweat profusely and she wipe she forehead with she sleeve . a supervisor walk from station to station tally each worker 's output on a clipboard . in another aisle , about twenty foot away , blanca have the job of bundle rose . she set down corrugate paper and then one by one carefully arrange and wrap the flower , staple the bundle shut and label it - then start all over again . Maria stare at the supervisor , who be now several station up . she have pause in she work again and be watch everything else in the room with a remove , critical stare . she continue to perspire and look physically ill . she raise she hand , try to get she supervisor 's attention . ( continued ) continued : as the supervisor happen to look up he see Maria 's hand in the air , sigh and make he way back to she . supervisor what be it ? maria can I go to the bathroom ? supervisor again ? maria I do not feel well . supervisor you have already be twice this morning . you be under by four bin this hour , three last hour . how be you go to catch up if you keep go to the bathroom ? he stare at she expectantly . maria please . I will be quick . supervisor do you know what it 's like for I always have to look over you shoulder , Maria ? you think it 's fun for I ? I have eighty - four worker in this section and everyone else put they head down and do they job . but with you , it 's like this constant game of tug -of - war just to get you to make quota . at this point , I ... all of the sudden Maria vomit directly on the flower , splattering she supervisor slightly . supervisor ( cont 'd ) what the hell be wrong with you ?! this be disgusting . look at this . what the hell ? Maria do not dare look up at he . supervisor ( cont 'd ) look at this flower . what be you gonna do about this ? huh ? what be you gonna do ? she just stare at the flower blankly . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) supervisor ( cont 'd ) ( exasperate ) pick that up . Maria scoops up the bundle of flower in she arm - vomit and all . with blanca and the rest watch , the supervisor lead she over to a large basin . supervisor ( cont 'd ) set they there . Maria set the flower on a cart . he pick up a hose with a spray nozzle and twist it until it shoot a fine mist . supervisor ( cont would ) ( pass she the hose ) wash they off . Maria pick up a rise and spray it off . supervisor ( cont 'd ) be careful with the bud . maria but they be already ruin . supervisor I do not care . wash they . maria I need to go to the bathroom . supervisor ( really piss ) you want to go to the bathroom , then you can go on you lunch break ... or you can go right now and keep walk out the door . ( he stare she down ) I want all this flower clean . and when you be do , you be gonna go back to you station and make up the bin you owe I . understood ? the supervisor march off , leave Maria there - fume . ext . town , street — day Maria sit on a park bench and pick at she lunch , as a group of kid she age , dress in school uniform , pass by . she make eye contact with one but they move on past . she check the time . 10 . ext . STREET — afternoon in town . Maria walk up the street . juana ( 0s ) Maria ! Maria see she mother at a small store buy fruit and vegetable . she cross over to she . juana pay for the two bag of grocery and put a few coin of change in she pocket . she pick up the bag and the two of they walk on in silence . int . pharmacy — continuous it 's a small place with the drug on the wall behind the counter . diana watch as a woman remove foil - wrap tablet from a box and count they out . juana enter , trail by Maria . juana be everything ok ? diana it 's 9,600 . do you have any money ? juana ( to Maria ) lend you sister the money . maria why do I have to pay for it ? diana it 's for pacho . he start vomit . maria so ? where 's you money ? juana Maria ! maria I give up practically all of what I make and diana do not put in any of hers . and now I be suppose to pay for pacho 's medicine too ? ( continued ) 11 . continued : juana Maria do not start ! give you sister the money . juana glare at she daughter . Maria finally dig into she pocket and hand over the money . juana ( cont would ) you can keep the extra nine - thousand six - hundred when you get pay at the end of the month . I do not know why everything always have to be so difficult with you . Maria watch diana pay . and then , as if try to get back at they , she say , maria well , there 's not go to be a next paycheck ... because I quit . juana what ? when ? maria today . juana what happen ? maria they would not let I go to the bathroom . juana at all ? maria it 's not just that . I do not like the way they treat I . so I quit . juana what be you go to do ? the woman behind the counter look very uncomfortable . diana you be really fuck stupid . maria why do not you shut up . diana do not tell I to shut up ! ( continued ) continued : with that , 12 . ( 2 ) maria you do not know how they treat I . diana you could have put up with it . you be a idiot ... maria ( overlap ) why do I have to put up with it ? why be I always the one to put up with it all ? diana ( overlap ) ... why do not you think of the family for once . juana enough ! quiet , both of you ! ( beat ) Maria , you have to go back and ask for you job back . maria no . I be not go back . diana then what be you go to do ? maria I 'il find something else . juana there 's nothing but flower around here . at least it 's a decent job . maria oh please , what 's decent about it ? juana Maria ! you have to go back ! maria do not you hear I ? I be not go back ... I be not ! Maria storm out of the pharmacy and leave they stand there . 13 . ext . plaza — early evening Maria sit by the plaza fountain with Juan and blanca and a group of about five other girl and guy crowded around . Juan 's get a bottle of aguardiente and everyone be laugh , except Maria , who have not shake she bad mood . blanca ( laugh ) you should have see the look on the supervisor 's face ... he be completely cover in it ... juan this deserve a toast . Juan pour a shot for Maria in a little plastic cup . juan ( cont 'd ) to Maria ! because she kick ass ! she sip it , wince and then swallow the rest in one gulp . smash CUT to : ext . outdoor fiesta — night a small rocket whizze into the air and explode . on a side - street off the plaza , there 's a small fiesta go on - with a little band of a dozen local guy ( in uniform ) play a slightly sloppy , but very energetic salsa - and a crowd of about forty people of all age - some dance , some watch . Maria and blanca dance up a storm together - Maria dance lead . she 's a very good dancer , very lively and quite sexy . most of all , she just have a good time - giggle and laugh with blanca . Juan and the guy be sit on the curb work they way steadily through the bottle of aguardiente . the music stop and all the dancer fan themselves off - Juan walk among the band member pour each a shot of liquor . maria ( to blanca ) hey there 's you boyfriend . blanca follow Maria 's gaze and see the smiling guy from work talk with a friend . sure enough , he make eye contact with blanca and smile . ( continued ) 14 . continued : blanca ( giggle and turn away ) oh my god . maria you have to dance with he . blanca no way ! hear that , Maria grab blanca 's wrist and lead she right over to the smiling guy and he friend . maria hi. smiling guy hi. maria I be Maria . this be blanca . blanca ( bett red ) oh my god . smiling guy I be felipe . this be my cousin Franklin . franklin hi. unlike felipe , Franklin be dress stylishly , with a hip shirt , designer jeans and a gold chain . next to he , felipe look downright meek . maria blanca want you to ask she to dance . franklin go for it . felipe ( smile ) do you want to dance ? blanca ...ok . felipe lead blanca out into the dance area as the band strike up . Maria watch they dance and then walk over to Juan . ( continued ) 15 . continued : ( 2 ) maria Juan , I want to dance . Juan be clearly too drunk to dance and more interested in he guy friend . he take she in he arm and mock dance drunkenly in a circle , laugh . she break away annoyed . maria ( cont would ) what 's wrong with you ? juan ( drunk ) what ... why ? she walk away and stand watch blanca and felipe . franklin ( out of nowhere ) wanna dance ? Maria consider it , glance toward Juan ... franklin ( cont would ) what do you say ? maria ... sure . Franklin lead she out and the two of they dance . the more she dance , the more into it Maria get - look over at Juan occasionally - as if she be dance to spite he . ext . town — day Maria walk the dirt road down the hill and into town . she walk by several store front , look occasionally inside . her gait be slow and not particularly determine . int . music shop — day Maria step into a small music shop - basically just a glass case with various CD 's , and rack full of cassettes on either wall . a man catalogue box of music as Latin rap play on a small stereo . he nod at Maria - they seem to recognize each other . she take a tape off the wall and examine it . maria how much be it ? ( continued ) 16 . continued : man ( turn the music down ) Fifteen thousand , two hundred . Maria put it back on the wall . she watch the man work . maria you have a lot of work . man I have to catalogue everything , keep track of what I sell , what I do not . Maria contemplate ask he for a job ... but the store be obviously a one - man operation . int . church — day Maria come into the Catholic church where a couple of older woman talk quietly in the pews . she kneel down , cross herself , mutter a hail Mary , and then add she own , silent request . ext . motorbike repair shop — later Maria and blanca walk up to a outdoor garage that be pack with moped and motorcycle . juan be squatting next to a mechanic watch he work . maria Juan . juan ( look up ) in a minute . maria come on . ( to blanca ) I 'il see you later . blanca kiss Maria 's cheek and leave as Juan finally cross to the front and get he bicycle . he and Maria cross the street to ... ext . sausage stand / park — later a small stand serve arepa across from a park . Maria and Juan each take a arepa and a coca-cola . Juan pay and take the change . ( continued ) 17 . continued : they walk over to the park and sit on the grass and eat . they do not have any conversation at all while they eat - they just chew in silence . at a certain point Maria stop and watch Juan take another bite - he 's absorb in chew . maria I have something to tell you . juan what ? maria ...- I think I be pregnant . he look at she . juan you be not fuck with I , right ? maria I miss my last two period and I have be feel sick . juan what be you go to do ? maria I do not know . juan who else know ? maria only you . juan no - one else ? maria who else do you think I tell ? the whole world ? juan I do not know . maybe blanca , since she seem to know everything before I ... maria ( cut he off ) no Juan , blanca do not know . Long silence ... very long silence . ( continued ) 18 . continued : ( 2 ) juan Maria ... do you want to get marry ? maria ( laugh nervously ) be you joke ? juan why ? maria where would we live ? juan in my house . where else ? maria there be like ten people live in you house . you share you bedroom with you brother . juan what do you suggest ? maria my house would be better . juan right , a lot better ! a guy live in he girlfriend 's house ? no way , not that Maria . maria you be really fuck stupid , you know that ? juan stupid ? you family hate I . how do you expect I to live there ? we can live at my house . ( beat ) I do not see why you do not want to get marry . I be step up to this ... Maria take a beat - stare at he . maria Juan , do you love I ? juan ( groan ) not this again . ( continued ) continued : 19 . ( 3 ) maria look I in the eye and tell I you love I ... what kind of person be you ? you want to marry a woman you do not love ? a woman who do not love you ? what kind of marriage be that ? how long 's it gonna be before you be sleep with some other girl ? a month ? juan you know that 's not gonna happen . maria I do not want the same thing to happen to I that happen to my sister . juan ( attack ) I hate to break it to you but you sister be a fuck idiot who sleep with the first guy that walk by ... maria shut up ! juan .-. and leave she with a kid . maria you can not talk about my sister like that . juan you know I be not go anywhere . maria that do not change anything . I be not marry you . juan well you be gonna have to . maria no , Juan . I do not have to do anything . juan see how you be ? you be stubborn . maria and you be a idiot . a loser . ( beat ) I be not even in love with you . ( continued ) 20 . continued : ( 4 ) juan ... I neither . maria ( stare at he ) perfect . Maria get up and walk off through the park . int . maria' bedroom — middle of the night Maria sit up in bed play with one of pacho 's stuff animal . she roll on she side and stare over at she sister , asleep with pacho . Maria grip at she sheet - angry , frustrated , frighten . ext . STREET in town — day Maria wait at a bus stop with three or four women . franklin ride by - they make eye contact - he make a U -turn and pull up on he motorcycle . franklin hi. maria hi. franklin where be you go ? maria to the city . franklin hop on . I will give you a ride . maria to bogota ? franklin sure . Maria get on and put she arm around Franklin 's waist . 21 . ext . moving motorcycle — continuous Maria and Franklin ride through the street . the scenery change as they go from the center of town and then into a expanse of open country . take curve faster and faster . Maria be clearly get a rush be on the back of Franklin 's motorcycle , the wind in she face . ext . juice stand - day at a juice stand by the side of the road , the girl behind the counter scoops fruit into a blender . franklin I like the way you dance . maria really ? you too . franklin I do not think people around here could dance . I think they be all stiff . maria ... where be you from ? franklin I be from a little town call Santa Rosa de cabal . about ten minute from pereira . you know it ? maria no . franklin they have some great hot spring there . I ’'1l take you sometime . maria yeah ? Franklin flash she a smile . Maria look away , blush . maria ( cont would ) ( beat ) so why be you here ? franklin ... various reason . ( continued ) 22 . continued : the girl set down two glass of juice . Franklin take he and walk toward the little table on the grass behind the stand . Maria follow . franklin ( cont would ) ... it be nothing . I just have to get away for a while . I have some problem and thing start heating up . as soon as it all calm down I be go back ... ( beat ) .-- so , what be you go to bogota for ? maria I have a friend who work there . she work for this rich family , in they house . she 's gonna help I out get a job . Franklin begin to laugh . maria ( cont 'd ) do not laugh . franklin I be sorry ... it 's just that you be way too pretty to be work as a may . Way too cute to be get dress up in a hat and apron . that people will treat you like shit . maria ( defensive ) ..- anyway , I be just gonna check it out . it be not definite . she move away from he - sit at one of the little table . franklin ( study she , sit ) you lose you job at the plantation , right ? maria who tell you ? franklin ...- felipe ... maria that 's a lie . they do not fire I . franklin oh no ? ( continued ) continued : 23 . ( 2 ) maria you have get bad information . they do not fire I - I walk . franklin ( beat ) listen , if you be look for work I might be able to hook you up ... maria hook I up ? franklin it just depend how bad you need the money . I know of a good job ... travel ... maria travel where ? franklin to the United States . maria what 's the job ? franklin ( beat ) work as a mule ... you know what a mule be , or not ? Maria look away . she clearly know . franklin ( cont would ) it 's a cool job . you go , hand off the stuff , get you cash . and that 's it ... like win the lottery . maria yeah , but it 's dangerous , right ? franklin how many mule do you know ? maria me? none . franklin well , I know a bunch . ( continued ) 24 . continued : ( 3 ) maria what about the one on the news ? the one in prison far away . what about they ? franklin ( laugh ) that be the one who want to be famous . they get catch , get on tv , everyone see they and they become famous . maria ( do not laugh ) well I do not want to be famous . franklin I know a guy who can set it all up . take care of the papers , make the arrangement ... Maria look away - nervous . Franklin read she immediately . franklin ( cont would ) you know what - forget about it . ( stand ) let 's go . he start to walk toward he motorcycle . Maria hesitates . maria wait. ( he turn ) ... how much would I get ? hold on Maria . ext . bogota street / bar - day bogota be loud and chaotic - bus clog the street , horn blare , wave of people crowd the sidewalk . with Maria 's arm around he waist Franklin weave in and out of city traffic and pull up in front of a bar on a sidestreet in a uncertain neighborhood . int . bar — day it 's a dimly - light place with a pool table at the back and table along the wall opposite the bar . it 's fill almost entirely with men , all older . Maria look rather uncomfortable as she follow Franklin in . ( continued ) 25 . continued : franklin you want something to drink ...? ( to the bartender ) give I a beer and a soda for she ... ( to Maria ) I be gonna talk to this guy . I '’11 just be a minute . he leave Maria at the bar and head to the back table where a man sit with the only other woman in the place . Franklin shake the man 's hand and point to Maria . Maria sip she soda . Franklin come back over and wait with Maria . a moment later , the woman at the far table get up . she make very definite eye contact with Maria as she walk out . franklin ( cont 'd ) come on . Franklin introduce Maria to javier , a well - groom man of about 60 with a gold chain , a irone shirt and a cane lean up against the table . he effect a incredibly paternal tone , calming but also intimidating . javier sit down . Maria sit opposite he . Franklin pull up a third chair . javier ( cont would ) so , you be a friend of Franklin 's . and how do you know each other ? Maria falter - look to Franklin . franklin ( jump in ) she 's a friend of the family . on my cousin 's side . javier uh huh ... and you be look for work ? maria yes , sir . javier since when ? maria about two week . ( continued ) continued : 26 . ( 2 ) javier and where be you work before ? maria in a flower plantation . javier what happen ? maria I do not get along with my boss ... so I leave . javier rebellious then ? maria no , sir . javier you do not have a problem take direction , order ? maria no . javier do you get scared easily ? maria ..- no . javier how old be you ? maria eighteen . javier boyfriend ? maria ( hesitates ) no . javier yes or no ? he look at Franklin . maria no . ( continued ) 27 . continued : ( 3 ) javier and how 's you system ? maria my system ? javier I mean how 's you stomach ? do you have problem with diarrhea , constipation , digestive problem ? maria no , sir . javier do you eat a lot ? maria normal . javier take a beat . examine she . Maria do not flinch . javier well then ... we be go to give you several roll of film . we ’1ll send you to New York ... actually to New Jersey - a small town next to New York . once you go through custom you will be meet by we people . they will take you to a safe place . we will develop the roll . and in five , six day you will be back here with all you money take care of you problem . maria how much do I get ? javier we 'il give you a hundred dollar a roll . a girl you size you could make five or six thousand depend on how much you carry . keep in mind we have to take care of you document . meaning that after we deduct the expense for you passport and visa and the other papers you will get about seven or eight million peso . maria ( hesitates ) what if I get catch ? ( continued ) 28 . continued : ( 4 ) javier and why would you get catch ? unless you get off the plane tremble like a leaf . then they 's 1l catch you . obviously . but no worry . that gringos do not know a thing . ( lean in ) but once you decision be make there 's no turn back . you can not tell anyone . understand ? javier stare hard at Maria . maria yes , sir . javier now , I know you be in a difficult situation . and I do not want you make this decision under any kind of pressure . ( reach into he pocket ) so I want to give you this so you can take care of a few thing ... he slide several bill across the table . maria ( eye the money ) ..- no , really it 's not necessary . javier ( study she ) ..- no , no , no . no string attach . Maria stare at the money on the table . ext . STREET / bus stop — later Maria walk across the busy street and stop at the bus stop . among the people wait for the bus , Maria recognize the woman who be sit at javier 's table in the bar . a moment later the bus roll up and they all get on . int . bus — continuous Maria see a free seat next to the woman . she sit . the woman recognize Maria but neither of they say anything . ( continued ) 29 . continued : maria you be in the bar , right ? ( no response ) my name be Maria . the woman glance at Maria , then look away . woman I be Lucy . lucy look to be about 24 . she 's dress nicely — not fancy , just more stylish than Maria . but from the way she carry herself and talk she 's clearly from the same class as Maria . maria do you work for javier ...? be it hard ? lucy ( not make eye contact ) it 's not easy but it 's not too difficult either ... how old be you ? maria seventeen . I say eighteen , though . lucy ( look at Maria ) you just have to be prepare and know how to do it right . Maria take this in . int . maria 's house — day Maria come home . diana be fold clothes at the table . Maria walk right past she toward the kitchen . diana where have you be ? maria I go to the city to ask jessica to find I work . diana ( follow Maria ) and ? maria and nothing . it 's none of you business . ( continued ) continued : 30 . diana do not tell I it 's none of my business . maria it be not . diana you do not find anything . you have tell I if you find something ... you have to go back to the plantation and ask for you job back . maria no , I do not . diana it 's not fair to mom . you know how hard it be for she and now you be make thing even worse . maria get off my back . diana ( get emotional ) do not tell I to get off you fuck back . pacho get a hundred and six fever today . maria he 's you kid . diana I know he 's my kid . so? maria so , he 's you responsibility . diana ( yell ) we be all equal in this house . we all have to pull we weight . you have to get a job . maria well , I already get one . diana what job ? cut the shit . Maria stare at diana . she then reach into she pocket and pull out the money javier give she . diana 's eye widen . Maria peel off a few bill and throw they down . ( continued ) 31 . continued : ( 2 ) maria at least I put in my share . Maria storm out of the kitchen and into she room where she flop onto she bed , fume . she slam the door . ext . STREET , a nearby town — day Maria walk up the street in another town , slightly bigger than she own . she knock on the door of a concrete house slightly nicer than she own . the door open and it 's lucy . lucy hi. int . lucy 's house — day Lucy 's house be nice - spacious though vacant - feel with a large table and chair , and a relatively new hi-fi . Maria sit alone . Lucy come in from the kitchen with a small bag — full of grape . she sit . lucy here. ( hand Maria a grape ) hold it in you mouth . Maria put it in she mouth and hold it there . lucy ( cont would ) just hold it . let it slide to the back . all the way . now open you throat . Maria gag — then bite into the grape and swallow it . lucy ( cont 'd ) you have to practice with the grape . Lucy pass she the bag of grape . Maria pick one out . maria you can swallow that ? Lucy put a grape in she mouth and swallow it whole . Maria stare in horrify awe . lucy you can not eat anything for the last twenty - four hour . you stomach have to be totally empty . they will lie about how many you have to swallow . ( continued ) continued : 32 . maria how many will it be ? lucy for someone you size , maybe sixty or seventy pellet . maria oh my god . lucy be glad you be little . Big guy swallow like ninety or a hundred ... make sure they be well wrap . if even one of they open up inside you you will die . not as fast as cocaine . Cocaine will make you heart explode immediately . heroin take longer , but you still die unless you get the right medicine . Maria 's eye widen . lucy ( cont 'd ) wear nice clothes . nothing flashy , just something nice - so you do not look like a peasant . they may ask you question in the airport . javier will tell you what to say . maria how many time have you do this ? lucy ... two. maria and it go ok ? lucy .-. I be still here . ( beat ) the first time I do it I think I want to go see my sister . she life in New York . I have not see she in four year . but then I get there and I realize , what be I go to tell she ? how be I go to explain how I get here ? I love she but we be really different , you know ? she would kill I if she know I be do this . the second time I do it I go and see where she life but I could not knock on the door . ( continued ) 33 . continued : ( 2 ) maria what be America like ? lucy ..- straight . everything 's in perfect square . int . bathroom — middle of the night Maria stand in front of the mirror and place a grape in she mouth . she try to swallow it and gag . she try again . she look very nervous - almost on the verge of tear . ext . yard — day in the yard behind she house Maria be wash laundry by hand . blanca sit watch she . blanca so how 's that thing ? maria what thing ? blanca you job ? what do you have to do ? maria ( fix she ) I tell you not to talk about it . blanca watch she a beat and Maria go to hang a sheet . then open she purse and pull something out . blanca Maria ... Maria , look at I ! Maria finally look over . blanca put a grape in she mouth . Maria stare at she in shock as she try to swallow it . she gag and spit it out . maria what the hell be you do ? blanca I be go to be a mule . I talk to Franklin and he arrange it . maria ( look at blanca ) you what ? ( continued ) 34 . continued : blanca you hear I . why not ? maria because you can not ... you will not make it . blanca well , I be do it . I already tell they . maria blanca , what the hell ...? blanca it 's five thousand dollar , Maria . do you know how much that be in peso ? I figure it out . it 's like ten million . I can buy my family a house with that . maria you can not go . blanca you know what ? I do not need you permission . I can do what I want . maria do you realize what you be say ...? blanca you have to tell they you be not go . blanca no ... anyway , I can not now . I already say yes . blanca look trap . Maria turn away , annoyed . maria ... do you know what you be go to tell you family ? blanca do you ? CUT to : int . bedroom — evening juana I do not understand . you be go all the way to chiquinquira ? to work as a secretary ? ( continued ) 35 . continued : juana stand in the doorway of Maria and diana 's bedroom , watch as Maria fold clothes and put they into a small suitcase . diana sit on she own bed . maria I already tell you ... juana well tell I again . maria I get it through blanca 's aunt . juana but you do not know anything about work in a office . maria ( crossing away from she mother ) what , you do not think I be smart enough ? juana I do not say that . juana sit at the foot of Maria 's bed . she glance to diana , clearly distraught - then watch Maria continue to go through she clothes . juana ( cont would ) I just do not understand why you have to go so far away ... Maria ... Maria finally look at she mother . they share a beat . they both clearly feel uncomfortable , but Maria bury she uncertainty with a distant resolve . ext . plaza — mid -morning her hair pull back and she face make up , Maria be dress in a nice blouse and skirt — clearly she nicest outfit - as she walk down into town carry she suitcase . she sit on a bench on the edge of the town square . she look to the center of the plaza and see juan with he bicycle stand amongst friend . he turn and they make eye contact . after a moment of hesitation , he ride over . maria ( stand , awkward ) hi. ( continued ) 36 . continued : juan hi. maria how be you do ? juan Fine . you ? maria ok . pause . juan I need my tape my back . maria ... sure . she open she walkman , eject the tape and hand it he . then she go into she bag and pull out a handful of tape . she give he all but one , which she put back in she bag . maria ( cont would ) ( beat ) do you want the walkman back ? juan that be a present . they stare at each other . juan ( cont 'd ) you look nice . maria thanks . just then , franklin ride up on he motorcycle and stop . Maria look enormously uncomfortable . Juan and Franklin look at each other but no - one make any attempt at introduction . juan ( finally ) I gotta go . maria I will see you later . Juan get on he bike and ride off with the tape in one hand . Maria watch he go . ( continued ) 37 . continued : ( 2 ) franklin ( break she moment ) you ready ? he get she suitcase and put it on the back of he motorcycle . Maria give a final look at Juan as she climb on . ext . moving motorcycle , countryside and CITY — continuous Franklin and Maria ride with Maria 's suitcase strapped to the back of the bike - along the road and then into the city . he weave in and out of traffic and finally pull over at ... ext . / int . pharmacy — continuous ... a perfectly ordinary pharmacy in the middle of the city . Franklin accompany Maria inside and nod hello to the pharmacist behind the counter . the pharmacist disappear into the back . the two of they wait . maria and blanca ? franklin she 's in another place . the slide door-display case suddenly roll open - revealing the pharmacist stand behind it expectantly . Franklin pass he Maria 's suitcase . franklin ( cont 'd ) ( read she nervousness ) do not worry . everything 's gonna be fine . he give she a kiss on the cheek . she hesitates before turn away from he and follow the pharmacist into the back . int . pharmacy , back room — continuous the pharmacist lead Maria into a small , stark room with a table , a few chair , a sink and a small bed in the corner . ( continued ) 38 . continued : at the other end of the table be a young man , in he 20 . he 's get various paraphernalia spread out in front of he : a BOX of several dozen rubber surgical glove , a pair of scissor , a roll of plastic wrap , a digital scale , a small box of dental floss , a bottle of salad oil , a SMALL BOWL and two bag of heroin . he transfer a precise amount of heroin from the scale into the severe finger of a latex glove , which he then place into a hand - operate PRESS , pump the lever and pack it down into a dense one - inch capsule . the pharmacist step out of the room as Maria sit and watch the young man , entrance ... series of jump cut : he cut the finger off several of the rubber glove . he then slide the heroin capsule into a rubber finger and pack it all the way down into the bottom . he take the finger full of heroin and stuff it inside a second rubber finger — then another and another until it 's be bury in six layer of rubber finger . he break off a piece of dental floss and tie it shut like a rubber balloon . he then trim off the excess dental floss and the excess rubber . he set the " pellet " down — a snug little thumb -size package — and begin make another . the pharmacist re-enter the room , break Maria 's trance . he hand she two small pill and a cup of water . pharmacist this will stop you bowel . she put the pill in she mouth and swallow they . the pharmacist then raise a bottle of red liquid with a tube and a atomizer attach . pharmacist ( cont have ) open you mouth . as he spray the liquid into Maria 's throat , javier step in and sit down at the table with she . the pharmacist finish and leave the room . javier pull the SMALL BOWL over to he and pour it full of salad oil . he take one of the pellet and dip it in the oil , completely cover it . ( continued ) 39 . continued : ( 2 ) he pass it to Maria and she put it in she mouth . she try to swallow it but gag . javier relax . she put the pellet back in she mouth and set it deep in she throat with she finger . javier ( cont 'd ) do not put you finger in so much . Maria start to gag again . javier ( cont 'd ) do you practice with the grape ? maria yes . javier if you can not do this we will stop now . maria no , really . I can do it . just give I a second . Maria look nervous . she put the pellet in she mouth and hold it there . javier just let it slide down . she tilt she head back and the pellet go down . she look very relieved . maria see . javier good . he dip another pellet in oil and hold it out to she . a hour later - Maria pace around the room . the young man pack up he stuff as Maria and javier continue to work . javier ( cont 'd ) how do you feel ? maria how many be it so far ? ( continued ) 40 . continued : ( 3 ) javier twenty -three . Maria press she stomach . javier ( cont 'd ) here . Lay down on the bed . she lay down . javier place he hand on she stomach . maria what be you do ?! javier they have to settle properly . he massage she stomach , manipulate the pellet inside . the door open and the pharmacist bring in a bowl of soup . javier ( cont 'd ) have some soup . Maria get up and sit at the table . she take a spoonful of soup with great trepidation . it hurt go down . pharmacist do you want more anesthetic ? Maria shake she head no. javier place another pellet in she bowl . she get it on she spoon along with some soup and stare at it . a few hour later - the room be illuminate by early afternoon light . Maria sit at the table with she head down . javier be hold out a pellet . javier one more . maria how many ? javier sixty-two . come on . she stare at he hatefully before take the pellet . she swallow it slowly but without gag . javier ( cont 'd ) good ... I will be right back . he turn and leave the room . ( continued ) 41 . continued : ( 4 ) Maria take a beat alone . she go to she thing and remove from she purse a toothbrush and a small tube of toothpaste . she go to the sink and brushes she tooth . she rinse and spit and then catch sight of herself in the mirror . javier come back in , sit at the table , and remove from he wallet a wad of american money - 20 - dollar bill . she sit . javier ( cont 'd ) ( hand she the money ) this be eight hundred dollar . Maria stare at the money . never in she life have she hold this much . javier ( cont would ) when they ask you how much you be come to America with tell they eight hundred dollar . just say you have be save up . ( hand she papers ) this be you ticket . round trip - one week . this be you passport and visa . she stare at they - fascinate . he write something on a piece of paper and pass it to she . maria ( read , mispronounce ) motor Lodge 46 . javier that 's the name and address of the hotel where you say you be stay . do you remember why you be in America ? maria I be on vacation . javier ( testing she ) and how long be you here for ? maria one week . javier who buy this ticket ? maria a friend of mine . javier where ? ( continued ) continued : 42 . ( 5 ) maria at a travel agency on Plaza bolivar . javier where do you plan to stay in America ? maria I be go to stay in a hotel . javier which hotel ? maria ( read ) motor Lodge 46 . javier good . how be you feel ? maria like hungry but full - it 's weird . javier you can drink on the plane but do not eat or it will make you stomach release acid . do not talk to anyone on the plane . even the stewardess spy for the dea . once you have be pass through custom you will come out through a electric slide door . on the other side of that there will be someone there to meet you . maria how will I know who it be ? javier they will know you . if they be not there for some reason call this number . he take back the paper and write a telephone number on it . javier ( cont 'd ) the key be to stay calm and act like nothing 's wrong . but if you do get catch just keep quiet . ( he lean in ) if you give they any information we will leave you to rot in there while we go to you house and have a chat with you grandmother , you mother , you sister ... and little pachito . same thing if any of what 's in you stomach disappear along the way . ( more ) ( continued ) 43 . continued : ( 6 ) javier ( cont 'd ) we know exactly how much each one of that 62 pellet you have get weigh . do I make myself clear ? he glare into she eye . the effect be chill . int . airport , x-ray check point — afternoon Maria put she purse on the conveyor belt and step through the metal detector . one guard scan she up and down with handheld metal detector and another then pat she down . as Maria stare straight ahead she suddenly see something odd : blanca - dress vampy with cleavage and lipstick - browsing perfume at the duty - free shop . they make brief eye contact . CUT to : int . airplane cabin — later Maria gaze out the window as the plane pick up speed . she cross herself and mutter a hail Mary . she close she eye as she back be press up against the seatback and the plane become airborne . for the first time in she life , she be off the surface of the planet , fly . she stare out and watch with fascination as the world shrink away below she . CUT to : the fasten seat belt sign be turn off with a soft chime . the woman next to she ( Carolina ) undoe she seat belt and get up . Maria look over at the people on the other side of the aisle . when she look forward she be surprised to see lucy get up and make she way to the aisle . Maria unbuckle she seatbelt and then approach Lucy , who be get a pillow and a blanket out of the overhead bin . maria ( hushed ) I do not know you be go again . lucy I do not either . it just happen . maria you know we be not the only one . ( continued ) 44 , continued : lucy that 's how it work . they send a bunch of we so if one get stop it make it easier for the rest to slip through ... maria oh ... a stewardess suddenly pass behind they . they be both immediately silent . Lucy move back to she seat . CUT to : Maria look through the in-flight magazine at all the picture : a spread on disneyland , a photograph of a businessman in a chic office ... and then the map of the world with all of the airline 's flight path indicate . the dinner cart be maneuver slowly down the aisle . Carolina pull she airplane headphone out of one ear . CAROLINA it 's about time . I be starve . the stewardess approach . stewardess Chicken or beef ? CAROLINA Chicken . stewardess for you ? maria ..- Chicken , please . the stewardess turn to get the trays . stewardess here you be . and now Maria find herself stare at a perfectly delicious look tray of steaming hot food . the woman next to she unwrap she fork and decide to strike up conversation . CAROLINA do you go to the United States a lot ? maria well ... ( continued ) 45 . continued : ( 2 ) Maria cut off a piece of chicken and put it in she mouth . she chew but do not swallow . her neighbor be more interested in talk than in listen . CAROLINA I go every year to visit my daughter . she marry a american and they have get a beautiful house on Long Island . of course , I think the child should be the one to come to colombia to visit they grandmother instead of the other way around ... the woman talk and talk - oblivious to whether Maria be in fact eat or not . Maria carefully spit she food out into she napkin . CUT to : later - Maria be reach up play with the button and nozzle - try to figure out how to control the air . the seat next to she be empty . suddenly , blanca be stand in the aisle . she look over she shoulder and quickly sit down in the empty seat next to Maria . maria what the hell be you do ? blanca I see you talk to that woman before . who be she ? maria ( hesitates ) she 's ... you know ... blanca you see that woman ... Maria lean forward and spot a woman ( constanza ) sit one row back on the aisle . blanca ( cont would ) I meet she before , through Franklin . ( beat ) so what be you two talk about ? ( continued ) 46 . continued : maria she say if one of we get stop at custom it create a distraction for the other to pass . blanca so who 's go to go first ? maria I do not know . whoever . blanca I do not want to go first . I x11 wait and see what happen to she . maria I think we be suppose to go right through without wait ... beat . blanca «+ I feel like when I have get my period . maria .+.- I feel like I need to go the bathroom . CAROLINA ( 0.s. ) Excuse I ! Carolina be stand in the aisle , look annoyed . blanca ( get up ) sorry . as Carolina settles back into she seat Maria place she pillow under she ear and close she eye . CUT to : lucy - she sit in she seat dabbing she forehead with a napkin . the cabin light be dimme , the in - flight movie play . Maria wake up . Carolina have fall asleep with she headphone on . Maria lift she shirt and press she abdomen in discomfort . she unbutton she pants try to relieve the pressure . she climb over Carolina and move to the aisle . constanza look up at she as she pass . 47 . int . airplane lavatory — continuous Maria lock the lavatory door and the light come on . she pull down she pants and sit on the toilet . as she contort she face we hear the tinkle of urine on metal . int . airplane cabin — continuous lucy be sweat profusely , still dabbing herself with a napkin . she do not look well . she get up and maneuver to the aisle . int . lavatory — continuous sitting on the toilet , Maria suddenly have a look of panic in she eye . desperately she grab paper towel from the dispenser . in the plane cabin — Lucy walk slowly down the aisle . she see blanca . the two of they lock eye , but Lucy keep walk . in the lavatory — Maria hold she hand under cold water in the sink . she 's rinsing off two pellet . she open she purse and remove she tube of toothpaste . plane cabin — Lucy come to the back of the plane and wait by the lavatory , look sicker all the time . lavatory — Maria squeeze toothpaste onto the second pellet , smear it on and take a beat . she put the pellet in she mouth , tilt she head back and swallow . she then look at herself in the mirror and try to compose herself . plane cabin - Maria come out of the lavatory , face to face with lucy . Lucy look desperate — sweat , nervous . lucy I do not feel well . maria what be you go to do ? Lucy have a blank , nervous look on she face . maria ( cont 'd ) calm down . as soon as we arrive we be go to get you to a doctor . you be go to be fine . ( continued ) 48 . continued : lucy ( pull it together ) I know . I know . ( beat ) thanks . Maria head back up the aisle - past blanca - to she seat , casting a glance over she shoulder as she sit . CUT to : the stewardess work she way down the aisle with a stack of yellow custom card . she give they to Maria and Carolina . Maria read the card and get to a blank space for a address where she plan to stay in the U.S . she reach into she pocket for the paper with the name of the hotel but she can not find it . she search all she pocket and then in she purse but the paper be nowhere . she look over to copy she neighbor 's answer but Carolina finish write and tuck the card away . Maria get up and walk forward to the middle emergency exit and turn to look at Lucy . Lucy , look still worse , notice Maria and get concerned . she glance over she shoulder , get up and make she way over to Maria . lucy ( cont would ) ( hushed ) I have be think about tell the stewardess I be sick . they could get I a doctor . maria but you will end up in jail once they find out what 's wrong with you . lucy but I will be alive . maria ( hesitates ) do not . just wait . Lucy look thankful to Maria for support she . maria ( cont 'd ) ...- I lose the name the hotel . do you have it ? ( continued ) 49 . continued : ( 2 ) lucy no . I always give they my sister 's address . ( beat ) do you have a pen ? Maria give she a pen - Lucy tear off a corner of she ticket envelope . lucy ( cont 'd ) ( scribbling ) it 's my sister 's address in queen , New York ... CUT to : new york skyline at night . blanca look out she window . Lucy meanwhile touch up she make - up try to hide how sick she be . Maria look out she window play nervously with the crucifix on she necklace . int . airport corridor — night Lucy come off the plane amid constanza and other passenger . Maria walk down the same corridor . blanca follow Maria . int . baggage claim / custom area — continuous Maria stand by a large baggage carousel with other passenger from the plane . she spot blanca and constanza at various point across from she . Lucy stand about ten foot away from she - look sick but do she best to keep she nerve under control . there be about fifteen custom inspector across the room — man and woman — look bored , talk among themselves as they wait for passenger to come through . bag tumble down the chute - some huge , some swathed in plastic wrap . they get clogge on the carousel . Three airport baggage handlers unknot they . passenger struggle to pull they luggage off and head through custom . blanca take she bag off and linger — as if wait for a second bag . Lucy pull a SMALL red suitcase off . she look at Maria — and then step to the short line by the first two inspector . Maria look down but there 's no sign of she suitcase . Lucy — nervous and sick — hand she yellow card to the inspector . he give she a quick look and wave she through . ( continued ) 50 . continued : everyone breathes a sigh of relief . Lucy make eye contact with Maria from the other side — and then pass outside through a slide electric door . constanza step up to a inspector . the inspector ask she something and then point to the secondary inspection point . she look mortify as she take she bag over to be check . blanca see this , take she bag and proceed directly to custom . Maria look desperate for she bag to come around . blanca get at the end of the line at custom . at last , Maria grab she bag off the carousel . she begin to move toward the line but before she even get there she be stop by a roam inspector - a tall man with a buzz cut . inspector ( in English ) hello . May I see you passport , ticket and declaration card ? Maria stare at he blankly . inspector ( cont 'd ) ( repeat , in Spanish ) May I see you passport , ticket and declaration card ? Maria — contain she fear — hand over she document . the inspector look at they . inspector ( cont no ) where be you come from today ? maria colombia . inspector and where be you travel to ? maria New York . inspector be this all you bag ? maria yes . the inspector take a beat . ( continued ) 51 . continued : ( 2 ) inspector would you mind come with I ? Maria follow the inspector as they go directly to the inspection counter opposite constanza . Maria look over and see blanca be wave right through . inspector ( cont 'd ) place you suitcase on the counter ... open it , please . Maria do so . the inspector put on a pair of rubber glove , open it up and begin to check its content , pile up Maria 's clothes . throughout , the inspector invoke a strangely casual , friendly tone . inspector ( cont 'd ) what 's the purpose of you stay ? maria vacation . inspector how long will you be here ? maria one week . the inspector feel all the side of the suitcase . a second inspector - a latina woman - walk up and watch as the first agent continue he inspection . inspector only a week ? no more ? maria no. inspector where will you be stay ? maria ..- with my friend . inspector where do you friend live ? the inspector find a pair of shoe and check the sole — bend they , look closely at the heel . ( continued ) 52 . continued : ( 3 ) Maria look beyond he , at the opposite counter , and watch constanza answer question - the content of she suitcase pile up . inspector ( cont 'd ) ( look up , repeat ) where do you friend live ? maria New York . inspector be she come to pick you up today ? maria ... no. inspector and how be you go to get there ? maria uh ... in a taxi . inspector and this be all you luggage ? maria yes . he finish go through she thing and take another look at she paperwork . inspector thank you very much . sorry to bother you . have a good stay in New York . Maria , still nervous , re-arranges the clothes in she suitcase and be start to shut it when the second agent speak up . female inspector # 2 ( in English ) she look nervous . ( to Maria ) you look nervous . inspector ( translate ) she say you look nervous . maria ... no. I be not . ( continued ) 53 . continued : ( 4 ) female inspector # 2 ( in Spanish ) why do you look so nervous ? maria but I be not . the second inspector stare at she hard . Maria shift she gaze nervously from one to the other as if look for help from the first inspector . int . interrogation room — continuous the male inspector and female inspector lead Maria into a sterile , little room — about eight by eight - bare except for the counter and a wooden bench . the female inspector stand behind she . female inspector # 2 place you hand on the wall ... Higher ... open you leg ... do not take you hand off the wall . Maria do as she say . the inspector pat Maria down — the arm , the back , the breast , stomach , crotch , and leg , front and back . female inspector # 2 ( cont 'd ) please , have a seat . Maria sit down on the bench . inspector give I both you shoe , please . Maria do as he say . the inspector check each carefully and then pierce the sole of one with a sharp awl as the female Inspector continue question Maria . female inspector # 2 Maria alvarez . be that you name ? maria yes . female inspector # 2 how old be you ? maria eighteen . ( continued ) 54 . continued : female inspector # 2 be this you first time in this country ? maria yes . female inspector # 2 and where be you stay ? maria ..- with my sister . the female Inspector look at the first Inspector . female inspector # 2 but before you say you be go to stay with a friend . which be it , with you sister or with you friend ? maria ..- with my sister . the male inspector set she shoe aside . inspector if we call she would she confirm that you be come to visit ? maria .-. she do not know I be come . I be go to surprise she . we have not see each other in four year . female inspector # 2 and you be go to show up , just like that ...? how do you know she will be there ...? what if she 's not home ? where will you stay ? maria ..- I do not know ... in a hotel ... female inspector # 2 and how much money do you have ? maria eight hundred dollar . female inspector # 2 who buy this ticket ? maria I do . ( continued ) 55 . continued : ( 2 ) female inspector # 2 how much do it cost ? maria ... like five hundred dollar . female inspector # 2 you be not sure ? the inspector look at each other . inspector tell I , Maria , what do you do in colombia ? maria I ...? I work in a flower plantation . inspector do what exactly ? maria dethorn rose . female inspector # 2 so how do you get the money for the ticket and the eight hundred dollar ? maria I save up . female inspector # 2 and you be here for ... maria vacation . female inspector # 2 you know what - I do not believe you be really here on vacation . do you have some other reason for come ? be you maybe bring something into the United States ? maria no. female inspector # 2 do you want to know what I think ? I think you be bring drug into this country . maria no. ( continued ) continued : 56 . ( 3 ) female inspector # 2 we have see case of people who carry drug inside they body . be you carry drug in you stomach ? maria no. female inspector # 2 ( beat ) I want you to prove it to I . I want you to take a x-ray . she stare at Maria but Maria do not flinch . she then go to the counter and take a sheet of paper from a stack . female inspector # 2 ( cont 'd ) please sign this document permit we to perform a x-ray . she give Maria the form . maria I do not read English . inspector it 's there in three language . Maria read the form , take a beat and then sign it ( printing she name like a child ) . the inspector watch she carefully . inspector ( cont 'd ) ( play the good cop ) Maria , listen , I be go to be straight with you . if we do this x-ray and you be carry drug then we be go to see it immediately . in that case it would be much , much better to tell we now . that way we can tell the judge you cooperate and you will get less time in jail . female inspector # 2 if you make we take the x-ray and you be carry then you 'il get ten year in prison . minimum . inspector please Maria , tell we the truth . we can not help you if you do not help we ... maria .+. I be not carry anything . ( continued ) 57 . continued : ( 4 ) the two inspector look at one another try to decide what to do . int . bathroom — continuous in a tiny , white - tile institutional bathroom the female inspector hand Maria a plastic cup . in front of the inspector Maria hike up she skirt , sit on the toilet and pee into the cup . int . medical facility — MAIN area Maria sit in a corridor wait . a door open . constanza step out follow by another inspector who sit she down opposite Maria . the two of they stare at each other . constanza 's eye be puffy and red . she 's clearly be cry . through the open door , Maria can see in a white - coat technician examine a x-ray with another inspector . he take out a pen and point to something . there be score of pellet clearly visible in constanza 's stomach and intestine . the inspector take the x-ray and walk over to constanza . he handcuffs constanza and lead she down the hall . Maria look absolutely petrify . thirty foot away the two inspector that accompany she be discuss something with another white - coat technician . they turn and look at Maria and shake they head — something be wrong . they walk toward Maria converse with each other in english . female inspector # 2 ( in English ) what do you think ...? inspector ( in English ) give the circumstance ...? Maria try to glean what they be say . they stare at she . inspector ( cont 'd ) ( to Maria , in Spanish ) do you know that you be pregnant ? ( continued ) 58 . continued : maria ... yes. ( beat ) will the x-ray hurt my baby ? inspector we do not X -ray pregnant woman . female inspector # 2 but we can detain they ... she say nothing . inspector Maria , it 's clear you do not buy this ticket yourself . we know you could not have save up all this money . tell we the truth - who buy this ticket ? maria ... the truth be a friend buy it for I . inspector what 's you friend 's name ? maria Franklin ... he 's my boyfriend . he 's the father of my baby . inspector and he give you the eight hundred dollar , too ? maria yes ... for the baby . female inspector # 2 ( testing Maria once more ) ... and do he know you swallow drug ? maria but I do not. ( beat ) I be not carry drug . I be just here to see my sister . I have not see she in four year ... I swear . the inspector stare at each other try to make a decision . 59 . int . airport arrival terminal — later Maria step through the slide door and into the wait area with she suitcase . there be a small number of people wait on the side of the rope . Maria walk slowly through they , scan the crowd for she contact . no - one approach she . ext . airport terminal — continuous Maria carry she bag out to the curb to look around . she see a row of pay phone and walk over to they . she 's contemplate what to do when suddenly she elbow be grab from behind . a tall guy ( wilson ) pull Maria along , take she suitcase in he other hand . he drag she into the street where a van be wait . he open the slide door , throw she inside and slam the door shut behind she . int . van — continuous totally spun around , Maria find herself sit next to lucy and blanca . there be two guy ( carlo and wilson ) in the front - they look very young , not more than 20 , and have a very nervous quality . carlo ( to Maria ) what happen to the other one ? maria they arrest she . carlo fuck ! Wilson start the engine and pull away fast . Maria look at Lucy , clearly ill , and then at blanca . int . HOTEL room — continuous ( night ) the door open - Wilson enter and flip on the light . the room be spare - two queen-size bed and a tv . he set down Lucy 's suitcase and go to shut the blind while the girl enter . carlos sit in a chair , set down a plastic bag and begin empty he pocket . ( continued ) 60 . continued : carlo make yourselves comfortable . you will be here until you shit everything out . Maria and Lucy sit together on the edge of the bed . blanca also sit . maria you have to get a doctor for she . carlo what be you talk about , doctor ? maria she 's sick . carlo it do not make any difference to I . maria she need medicine . carlo ( cut she off ) shut up ! he reach into the bag and throw down foil pack of tablet . carlo ( cont 'd ) take that . Lucy grab for one of the foil packet greedily . blanca what be they ? carlo a laxative . to speed thing up . lucy ( stand ) I have to go to the bathroom . carlo here . he remove a small box from the plastic sack and pass Lucy two rubber glove . ( continued ) 61 . continued : ( 2 ) carlo ( cont would ) do not use the toilet . I do not want anything accidentally go down the drain . and do not forget the toothpaste - I do not want to be smell you shit . she go into the bathroom and shut the door . carlos move over to the bed and make himself comfortable . int . HOTEL room — later ( night ) blanca sit at the side of the bed - notice a matchbook and pick it up . int . HOTEL room — bathroom - same time ( night ) in the bathroom , Maria squat in the bathtub . jump CUT : Maria smear toothpaste on the pellet one by on and pile they by the sink . ext . HOTEL - next morning Morning light burn through the curtain . blanca come out of the bathroom with a handful of pellet , put they in she ziplock bag ( two other on the dresser ) and count they through the plastic . Wilson lie on the bed watch tv . Maria lie on she bed also watch . carlos sit over by the window roll himself a joint . Lucy squat at she suitcase fold a shirt - move slowly - Maria keep one eye on she , one on the tv . she glance at Wilson . Lucy sit on the chair and take a deep breath . without blink , Wilson click the remote a few time and land on something else : a news report ( in Spanish ) about crowd of people flocking to see a apparition of the virgin on the side of a tree . as the news report end , Wilson cross himself , kiss he crucifix and tuck it under he shirt . blanca cross the room , cause Maria to notice that Lucy have doze off sit up . maria Lucy ! Lucy ! luucy !!!! 62. int . HOTEL room — bathroom — moment later in the bathroom , Maria hold Lucy 's head under cold water in the bathtub . she turn off the water and dry Lucy 's hair vigorously as a way of keep she awake . Maria and Lucy sit still on the edge of the tub . they have a long moment in silence . Maria stroke she hair . int . HOTEL bedroom - evening dim bed - side light . the guy sit drink beer - Wilson watch tv while carlos play with a gameboy . Lucy sit up in bed with she eye barely open , on the tv . blanca sit up on the other side of the bed . Maria come out of the bathroom , make eye contact with Lucy and then sit on the edge of the bed next to blanca . blanca ( somber ) ..- how be you do ? maria «+ok .... you ? blanca nod , look at the tv . Maria look at she then away again . int . HOTEL room — next morning close - up on Maria sleep . we hear the sound of hushed , agitate voice off screen , movement - there 's a shaft of light as the bathroom door open and then close . Maria roll over and open she eye a crack , slow to adjust . in maria' Pov — we see the two guy — one of they appear to carry lucy in he arm . Maria sit up a little , rub she eye and refocus . and in another snippet of maria' Pov — we see the two guy carry Lucy , arguing in a panicked whisper as they leave the hotel room and shut the door behind they . Maria be totally unsure of what she 's see in she half - sleep - state . she sit up in bed . the room be strangely quiet - the two guy be go , Lucy be go . only blanca lie next to she asleep . she get up and go to the bathroom ... 63 . int . HOTEL room — bathroom — continuous ( morning ) Maria tread cautiously into the bathroom and then stop cold in she track . she shriek at what she see : there 's blood all over the bathtub . maria blanca ! blanca ! CUT to : int . HOTEL room — moment later Maria , frantically grab they bag of pellet and throw they in she suitcase . blanca what be you do ? maria we can not stay here ? blanca what do you mean ? maria ( glare at she ) do not you get it ? they do something to Lucy ? everything 's totally fuck up . we have to get out of here before they come back . Maria close up she suitcase . blanca but ... maria hurry up !! CUT to : ext . HOTEL room / parking lot — continuous blanca and Maria come out of the room - each with she small suitcase - and run across the parking lot . 64 . ext . STREET , gas station — continuous Maria and blanca continue run until they be completely out of breath - stand at the side of the road by a gas station . ext . STREET , gas station — later Maria and blanca sit on they luggage by the gas station , watch traffic . blanca do you finish get all you pellet out ? Maria nod . blanca ( cont 'd ) where be we ? this do not look like New York . ( Maria do not answer ) what be we go to do ? maria blanca , stop . just let I think for a minute , will you . Maria stare at the ground between she foot . then , without say anything , she open she purse and begin rummage . ext . gas station — moment later Maria walk toward the attendant , a filipino guy in he 20 wash the windshield of a customer 's car . maria ( in Spanish , miming ) Excuse I . to make a call . she show he the paper with lucy 's sister 's address and phone number . attendant ( mock , in English ) I no speak Spanish . maria ( hold out the paper ) a call . telephone . I do not know how to use the telephone . ( continued ) 65 . continued : attendant no espafiol . get it ? he walk away to remove the pump from the car . she follow he . the customer - a haitian driver in he 30 - stand at the back of the car . maria can you tell I how to call this number ? the attendant take the paper and read it . attendant queen , New York . you gotta go into New York . you gotta take a bus . ( as if to a child ) Bus . you know ? he hand the paper back to she . she watch the driver pay . driver ( in English ) you try to go to New York ? to queen ? ( point to the paper ) to queen ? maria ( look at the paper ) yes . driver you want a ride ? you , with I , drive . to queen . he point to he car which in fact look like a taxi . maria no , thank you . I want to make a call . driver I ' 1l take you . off the meter . no problem . sixty buck . it 's ok ... taxi ... see ? taxi ... Maria look at he , at the taxi . int . moving car , pulaski skyway — continuous Maria stare out the window at New Jersey factory and refinery . it look entirely different from she pastoral homeland - gray and dark and forbid . ( continued ) 66 . continued : blanca clutches she matchbook - everything about she feel guard and angry . the driver be have a conversation in creole on he cell phone ( apparently talk to himself as he speak into a headset ) . he finish and look in the rear - view mirror . driver ( in English ) you just arrive in the United States ...? this you first time here ? Maria look at blanca . blanca what 's he say ? maria I have no idea . driver where be you from ...? D ’ot venez - vous ...? De donde ? maria from colombia . we be colombian . driver colombia ! bueno . yo hablo espafiol . blanca could you tell we how far it be to that address where we be go ? driver what ? blanca ( look at Maria , at he ) nothing . never mind . int . moving car , tunnel - day as they enter a tunnel Maria and blanca look at each other . out the other side Maria stare up at skyscraper , at the yellow taxi , at the people rush by on Manhattan sidewalk . int . moving taxi , queensboro bridge - continuous as the cab go over the bridge , Maria watch the skyline of Manhattan recede into the distance . 67 . int . moving taxi , roosevelt avenue - continuous Maria and blanca look out at Roosevelt Avenue from the taxi - a colombian restaurant catch she eye amidst the chaos of activity on the street . ext . taxi , carla 's build - moment later at the back of the car , the driver open the trunk and Maria take she bag out . the driver remove blanca 's . driver sixty dollar . sesenta . blanca ( to Maria ) sixty dollar ?! you can use you own money - I be not pay that . Maria take out she purse - the driver notice she wad of bill . Maria pay . blanca ( cont 'd ) be you sure we be in the right place ? maria I think so . she spot a unimpressive apartment building . maria ( cont would ) I think it 's that one there . apartment 4 , no Maria cross to the apartment building . blanca ( to the driver ) can you wait for a minute ? wait ? un momento ? driver ( look from one to the other ) un momento . the driver go and stand by he door . Maria stare at a panel full of button and find aristizabal , 4a . she press the buzzer . blanca watch the driver get back in the car to wait . ( continued ) 68 . continued : Maria buzze again but there 's no answer . the driver honk and make a question gesture to Maria . maria there 's no answer . blanca let 's go back . maria no ! blanca Lucy 's sister do not even know you . you do not even know Lucy . maria she invite I to stay with she . blanca but what be you gonna say ? maria I do not know . I will figure it out . blanca I want to go back to the hotel and wait . ( hold up the matchbook ) I have the address . maria I be not go back there . blanca Maria , this be stupid . all we have to do be hand they we pellet and get we money . maria we can not go back there . blanca but they be gonna fuck freak when they see we take off . we have to go back . maria do not you get it ? do not you see what they do to Lucy ? all of the sudden they be silence by the sound of the taxi speed off down the street , leave the two of they stand there . ( continued ) 69 . continued : ( 2 ) they watch as it disappear around the corner . Maria grab she bag and walk back over to the building , but blanca continue to stand by the side of the street , angry . as Maria try the buzzer again a indian woman come out of the building and she catch the door . maria ( cont 'd ) blanca ! blanca no . the two of they stare each other down . blanca fold she arm refuse to go in . finally , Maria , exasperate , turn and go inside . blanca grab she suitcase and begin to carry it up the street . int . build stairwell — continuous Maria , alone , carry she suitcase up the staircase . she stop at the window and stare out , then sit on the floor by she suitcase . as she stare at the door to Lucy 's sister 's apartment tear well up in she eye . she begin to cry - bawling and trembling like a baby - alone and abandon at the end of the long hallway . CUT to : int . build hallway — night Maria sit next to she suitcase at the end of the hallway - asleep . suddenly she wake to the sound of a door slamm shut . she look up in time to hear the deadbolt behind the door to 4a . she rub the sleep out of she eye , remember where she be . int . build hallway — moment later Maria stand in front of 4a , take a beat and then knock . pablo ( 0.s. ) who be it ? ( continued ) 70 . continued : maria hello . I be look for carla aristizabal . the door open . Pablo talk through the crack leave the chain on . pablo who 's look for she ? maria Maria alvarez . I be a friend of she sister 's . pablo of she sister 's ? maria yes . Pablo turn inside and talk to someone . pablo ( 0.s. ) she say she 's a friend of you sister 's ... I do not know ... no , come . the door open to reveal pablo and carla , who look so much like Lucy that Maria be startle . the major difference be that she appear to be about eight month pregnant . maria hello . be you carla aristizabal ? carla how can I help you ? maria I be a friend of Lucy 's . I just arrive from colombia and she ask I to come and say hello for she . carla ( skeptical ) Lucy do ? really ? maria yes . she want I to say hello . carla look at Pablo . pablo come in . ( continued ) 71 . continued : ( 2 ) he open the door for she to come in . she pick up she suitcase and go inside . int . apartment — continuous they come into a tiny one - bedroom apartment . the live room be be use as a bedroom — with a narrow mattress on the floor , a tiny table and three fold chair . pablo sit. Maria sit at the table . the two of they stay stand . carla what be you name again ? maria Maria alvarez . carla and how do you know Lucy ? maria ... from town ... we live near each other ... carla so tell I , how be Lucy do ? it 's be month since we last speak . maria she 's do well . carla be she work ? maria ..- yes ... in a office in bogota ... I think like a secretary or something . carla Lucy ? a secretary ? pablo see . and you be always talk bad about she . ( continued ) continued : 72 . maria she talk about you all the time , about how you be expect a baby , and how happy she be to become a aunt . she 's always talk about come to visit . carla ( sit ) really ? and she do not send anything with you ? a letter or photo or something ? maria ... no ... the truth be that Lucy give I you name and tell I that if I ever need anything I could go to you , that you be really nice and sweet and that if I ever have any kind of problem ... you see ... carla what ? maria I do not have any place to stay . carla look over at Pablo . pablo and where be you stay before ? maria ... with a friend . the thing be we just get into this really big fight and she kick I out and now I do not have anywhere to sleep . carla and you do not have anyone else here ? no other friend or family ? no -one ? maria no. carla and you come here all alone ? maria yes. carla and do you have a job yet ? ( continued ) 73 . continued : ( 2 ) maria ..- no , not yet . carla ..- how do you say you know Lucy ? pablo carla ... carla look , it 's not like I be go to throw she out on the street ... it 's just that this be a really small apartment . Pablo and I sleep in the other room and he cousin sleep in here on the floor . maria I do not need a lot of space , really ... carla yeah but for how long ...? maria no , just a few day , no more ... carla and then what ? maria no , then I ‘’1l find something else . carla look at Pablo . maria ( cont 'd ) it 's just for a few day . really . CUT to : int . apartment — later Pablo blow up a inflatable mattress - the kind intend for a swim pool . he position it in the corner of the room and carla give he a sheet . pablo my cousin work in a bakery so he come home in the middle of the night . just so you be not startle . Pablo snap open the sheet and let it fall on the mattress . 74 . int . apartment — night Maria lie asleep in bed . there 's a knocking on the apartment door which wake she up . she get up and go slowly to the front door . maria who be it ? Lucy ( 0s ) it 's Lucy . maria Lucy ? Lucy ( 0s ) Maria ? Maria quickly unbolt the door and open it . but instead of Lucy wilson and carlo from the hotel burst in and pin Maria against the wall . one of they rip at she shirt to reveal she stomach . the man open he knife and aim at Maria 's belly , which suddenly appear nine month pregnant . he plunge the blade into she stomach . pellet pour out of she by the hundred onto the floor and inside each one be little fetus . in bed , Maria wake suddenly from the nightmare to the sound of the door close and footstep . she pretend to be asleep as Pablo 's brother enrique come in and turn the light on . he notice she lie there and then move to the mattress . Maria open one eye to see he take off he shirt and then turn away as he slip off he pants . ext . build — morning carla lead Maria out of the building and up the street - the neighborhood be alive and thumping . Maria glance over she shoulder look for some sign of blanca . ext . / int . calling store , queen — morning the call store have various sign in the window - '' llamadas internacionale ( International Calling ) '' and '' colombia 18¢ / minute . '' Inside , it 's busy - everyone call home on Sunday . carla colombia . ( continued ) 75 . continued : cashier number seven . carla bring Maria into the booth . she dial a number she know by heart . she listen . the line ring - no - one answer . carla Lucy 's not there . carla step out of the booth - Maria be slow to follow . maria I want to call my family . could you help I ? carla '' ok . carla step in with she , grab the phone and dial the prefix and then hand she the receiver . carla ( cont 'd ) now just dial the number ... Maria close herself into the booth , dial carefully and wait for the line to ring . the muffle laughter of another conversation filter through the wall behind she . maria hi , granny . it 's I Maria . ( she relief be instant ) how be you ? be everything ok there ?... I be fine ... it 's a good job . the trip be fine ... I be in a small town somewhere near chiquinquira ... I 'il be back in a few day . be you sure everything be ok there ? how 's pacho ?... be mama there ?... she watch carla through the glass door . ext . STREET — continuous Maria and carla come out and carla walk directly to a black lincoln towncar . Pablo get out , come around and hold the door open for she . pablo ( off Maria 's look ) oh the car ... I work for a car service , as a driver . get in . he make a show of open the door for Maria . she get in . 76 . ext . park — later a row of about ten car - service car be line up along one edge of a medium -size queen park . there 's a large field - a few family have barbecue , kid on bike - mostly Hispanic , some Korean , some Black . there 's a big game of soccer go on across the length of the field . a few woman sit in pair in the grass . Maria and carla watch the game . carla I use to think I have be rich if I have two hundred dollar . here that 's nothing . maria what do you do ? carla I clean office . it 's nothing glamorous but it 's decent ... ( beat ) do Lucy really talk about come to visit ? Maria 's face harden immediately . maria ... yes . carla you know , I have this fantasy she will come to see jorge . maria jorge ? carla ( put she hand on she stomach ) that 's the name we pick out . maria what if it 's a girl ? carla we already know he 's a boy . maria ( laugh ) how do you know that ? ( continued ) 77 . continued : carla from the sonogram ... I have have it do three time and each time it 's amazing . you watch the baby swim around inside . the head , the leg . they can see if the baby be healthy . maria really ? Maria watch carla shift she weight to get more comfortable . carla see she stare at she stomach and it make she smile . int . hallway , carla' apartment build — later Pablo and carla walk up the stair to the fourth floor . Maria trail behind . as they move down the corridor toward the apartment Maria see blanca sit there , wait . blanca hi. maria where be you last night ?! blanca I meet a woman who give I a place ... carla turn to see who Maria 's speak to . carla you two know each other ? blanca ( to Maria ) be that Lucy 's sister ? carla you know Lucy ? blanca yes. pablo ( to Maria ) I think you say you do not know anyone else here . maria the thing be ... I tell she about Lucy on the trip here . ( continued ) 78 . continued : carla so you be not really friend with Lucy . blanca it 's just that Maria say she be go to stay with you and I do not have a place to sleep ... carla you too ? I do not understand . everyone know someone in America . carla look at Maria - annoyed . Maria look back - catch . ext . TRAVEL agency — next morning carla lead Maria and blanca up Roosevelt Avenue and into a small storefront travel agency . int . TRAVEL agency — continuous it 's a tiny place with poster of colombia on every wall . of the two desk , one be pile with folder and papers , while the other have the computer of don fernando , a short man in he 5as , overweight - with a very friendly demeanor . there be about 6 customer cramme in there include a older woman who rub the pain out of she knee as she wait . Don Fernando be talk on the phone and examine a set of document when carla , Maria and blanca enter . carla hello . don fernando ( look up ) hello , child . how be you ? carla ( shaking he hand ) Fine . how be you ? don fernando ( cover phone , to a customer ) this notarization be no good . they notarize the cover page but not the copy of you id . I can tell you they will not accept it like this ... ( into phone ) ... yes , yes , I understand ... ( to customer ) ( more ) ( continued ) continued : 79 . don fernando ( cont would ) tell they I send you back and I say not to charge you a second time . they should have do it right to begin with . ( to carla ) how be the little one ? carla ( hand on she stomach ) Fine , thank you ... Don Fernando it seem my sister back home send I a little surprise ... this be Maria and blanca ... maria hello . carla they just arrive and they do not know anyone . they be stay with I but you know how small my place be . I be wonder if you could help ... maybe to find some place , and some work for they ... don fernando and you just arrive ? maria yes . don fernando ...- I can make a few call ... ( into phone ) .+- no , he do not have a pay stub . I have to make one up ... carla thank you , Don Fernando . ( to Maria ) he can help you . I have to go to work . you know how to get back ? it 's just back down three block and around the corner . i’1ll be back tonight after work . maria thank you . carla ( try not to interrupt ) Don Fernando , I have to go to work . I be leave they here . don fernando ( cover the phone ) ok , my child . I x11 see what I can do . ( continued ) 80 . continued : ( 2 ) as she leave , don Fernando signal the girl to take a seat . int . TRAVEL agency — later Don Fernando wheel he chair around he desk - Maria and blanca be now sit across from he . the activity have die down . don fernando can you sew ? maria a little ... not much ... don fernando what do you do back home ? maria we work in flower . don fernando there 's a place that sometimes need woman to sew shirt . it 's not like work in flower but when they need people they do not check papers so carefully and they pay minimum wage . blanca ( suddenly ) thank you for you help , don Fernando , but we do not need job . we just need a way to get back to the hotel where we arrive . blanca open up she purse , remove a handful of pellet . maria ( horrify ) blanca ... blanca ( produce the matchbook ) ...- I have the address of it . we just need a ride . maria blanca , what be you do ? I be not go back to that hotel . blanca I do not care what you do . I be sick of follow you around . ( continued ) 81 . continued : maria I never ask you to follow I . I tell you not to . blanca bullshit . you be the one that make we leave before we get we money . we have to give the pellet back . maria that guy be dangerous ! don fernando ( overpower they ) quiet. quiet !... what 's go on ? tell I ... what hotel , what money ...? ( no answer ) what have you get there ?! blanca ( shutting she purse quickly ) nothing . don fernando look child . I recognize what that be . tell I . no response . don fernando ( cont 'd ) carla do not know , do she ... be you alright , physically ? maria yes . blanca but they do not pay we . everything go wrong and they leave without pay we and we still have the pellet . don fernando what do you mean everything go wrong ? blanca will not answer . maria ( slowly ) we friend who be with we get sick . I think one of the pellet break inside she . ( tear up ) ( more ) ( continued ) continued : 82 . ( 2 ) maria ( cont would ) I do not know what happen but I think she die or maybe they kill or she . I be worried about what they do to she . I do not know what to do ... don fernando where be it ? blanca pass he the matchbook . maria can you help find we friend ? don fernando i’1l make a few call and see if the police in New Jersey know anything . blanca you can not call the police . don fernando do not worry , I have a lot of experience in this - I have certain contact . I know how to handle it . maria please do not tell carla . she do not know . don fernando ( angry ) look , I will not say anything to carla but you have to return that pellet before this people do something to you family back home . do you understand I ? ext . don fernando 's , STREET — day blanca and Maria come out of the travel agency onto the street - blanca racing ahead , angry . maria blanca , I lose the phone number to call in case of emergency ? do you have it ? blanca ( turn on Maria ) what the fuck be you do in there ? I can not believe you say all that shit about Lucy . now he 's go to call the police . ( continued ) 83 . continued : maria you know what , blanca - do not even fuck start with I . what the fuck be you do wave that pellet in front of he face , tell he what we do . blanca what be you do tell he you want to sew shirt ? maria I be deal with the situation . blanca stupidly . maria then why the fuck be you follow I around ? every fuck time I turn around you be follow I . blanca I think you know what you be do . obviously I be wrong . maria I do not want you here . I do not want to be responsible for you . I be not you fuck mother , you know . blanca I would not want you as my fuck mother . I feel sorry for you baby that it 's gonna have such a stupid mother . I mean , swallow drug when you be pregnant . maria fuck you . blanca that 's pretty fuck stupid . at least I would not do that . maria fuck you . Maria turn and storm off , leave blanca there . blanca shit. 84 . ext . roosevelt avenue - later Maria walk up the boulevard in a angry , confuse haze . the street be full of people : Hispanic , chinese , indian . she peer into various shop window : a cheap jewelry store ; a laundromat ; a colombian coffee shop ; a Korean manicure shop ; a electronics store . she see a mexican guy at a corner bodega unpack flower from a box that say '' product of colombia . '' she busy a oblea from a street vendor . as she sit and eat it she look across the street . she notice a pregnant woman come out of a storefront with a sign - in English and in Spanish - '' women 's clinic . '' int . medical clinic , waiting room — continuous it 's a clean , unpretentious clinic — low - income , but perfectly respectable . Maria stand at the reception window . the receptionist herself could not be much older than 18 , with long fake nail and big hair . receptionist ( in Spanish , a bit irritate ) you do not have a appointment ? maria no ... I just ... receptionist I can make you a appointment for next week . maria it have to be today . receptionist ( she scan the book , annoyed ) if you be not in a hurry I might be able to get you in but I can not promise . you will just have to wait . maria thank you . receptionist ( hand she a clipboard ) you need to fill this out . ( continued ) 85 . continued : maria sit , wait . she look around the wait room at the six or seven other woman — all Black or Hispanic — some pregnant , one with a year - old baby boy on she lap . int . examination room — day it 's a relatively small room — a examination table , a sink with various bottle next to it . a rack of computer monitor and electronic machine be neatly arrange . there 's a single lamp point into the corner of the room . Maria lie on the table wear a paper gown . a female doctor sit on a stool next to she take she blood pressure . doctor ( in Spanish ) you be blood pressure be high . do you have a history of high blood pressure ? maria I do not know ... be it a big problem ? doctor maybe . I do not know yet . CUT to : the doctor spread a thick jelly on Maria 's stomach . doctor ( cont 'd ) it 's important that you be very careful while you be pregnant . you must not smoke . and you can not drink alcohol . no beer . no wine . no drug . everything you put into you body go directly into you baby . if you smoke it 's like give a cigarette to you baby . she fiddle with the knob on one of the monitor , and begin to pass the hand unit over Maria 's belly . doctor ( cont ’d ) let 's see . a confusion of gray dot come onto the screen . doctor ( cont ’d ) at this stage of the pregnancy you will be able to see the entire fetus . that 's the head . there be the foot . ( continued ) 86 . continued : maria ( amaze ) that 's my baby ? doctor ( smile ) this be the arm . and this be the leg . maria can you tell I if it 's a boy or a girl ? doctor not yet . the next time you come in we should see it . Maria be entrance by the image of she baby on the screen . the doctor hit a few key on the computer . doctor ( cont ’d ) there we can see the heart pump . the blood be flow well . I be just go to take a few measurement . maria but everything 's ok , right ? it look healthy ? doctor so far ... do you want to listen ...? to the heart ? the doctor tap a few key and readjust the handpiece . the room fill with the sound of the baby 's heartbeat - Maria be overwhelm by it . CUT to : close - up of a 5x7 hardcopy of the sonogram come off a printer in the exam room . Maria sit up , buttone she top button . the doctor hand she the print . she stare at it for a moment — then smile as tear come to she eye . doctor ( cont 'd ) ( on she way out ) I want to see you again in three week . I be concerned about you blood pressure . if it 's still high in three week then we will talk about put you on some medicine . ( smile ) and you will be able to see if it 's a boy or a girl . ( continued ) 87 . continued : ( 2 ) maria thank you . int . receptionist's desk — later Maria count out two hundred dollar in twenty . receptionist ( mark in she book ) how be Friday the eleventh of next month ? maria ... Fine . the receptionist fill in the date on a little reminder card and hand it to Maria . int . TRAVEL agency — late afternoon Maria come into the travel agency . Don Fernando sit alone behind a pile of papers . maria hello . don fernando come in . maria I just wonder if you have any news . don fernando sit down ... I make a call to the Newark morgue and they have some information ... he turn to the fax machine and find a fax in the pile . don fernando ( cont would ) they receive the body of a woman yesterday , find in a abandon field under the expressway about two mile from that hotel . maria the body ...? don fernando ( carefully ) her stomach be slice open - they think she be a mule . they fax I this information and a picture of she face ... ( continued ) 88 . continued : he hesitates before show it to she . it be indeed a poor quality , scratchy image of lucy - she eye close , she jaw slack . Maria gasp . maria ay , dio . don fernando I be sorry ... ( beat ) I have a undertaker I work with . he will go and get she and take care of everything so that she can be send home to she family for a proper Christian burial ... I need to know she name and address back home . Maria be too choke up to speak . don fernando ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) what be she name ? maria ..- Lucy diaz . don fernando carla 's sister ? maria yes , but carla do not know . she do not even know Lucy be do it . Lucy want to come visit she . don fernando she have to be tell . it 's she sister . Maria sit stare at the fax , in shock . int . carla 's bedroom — night carla lean back on she bed try to get comfortable . there 's a baby crib in the room which Maria admire . Pablo be in the kitchen . maria this be nice . carla he will probably sleep with we to start but we see it on sale . ( more ) ( continued ) 89 . continued : carla ( cont would ) ( beat ) what do don Fernando tell you ? maria ... well ... he say maybe he could find I something sewing shirt . carla what be the name of the place ? maria I do not know . carla ( call to Pablo ) Pablo , what be the name of the place where you friend work , sewing ? pablo ( 0s ) Frank and son , I think . carla ( to Maria ) that 's it . if it 's Frank and son tell he to keep look for something else . they treat you terribly and then they do not pay for week and week . ( beat ) I ask about a job for you where I work . maria you do ? carla they can not guarantee work right off but if someone call in sick then they call you and then eventually if someone quit they might give you a regular job . maria ( start slowly ) ..- carla ... I do not really need a job ... I be go back home ... carla actually laugh . Maria be take aback . carla you be not go back , child . I know how you feel . when I first get here believe I that be all I think about . ( more ) ( continued ) continued : 90 . ( 2 ) carla ( cont would ) I remember on my grandmother 's birthday I call home and I remember I could hear everyone in the background yell and laugh and play music and I remember I be stand there on the street hold the phone with tear stream down my face . and my sister be ask I , ' hey how 's America ? be it wonderful ? how be you job ? 's and she 's talk about how much she want to come and be with I . and all I want be to tell they how much I miss they and how hard it be here , but then I think , who be I to complain about how hard life be here ? but it get better , trust I ... the best moment of my life here - be when I get my first paycheck . oh my god . I will never forget go into that office and send money home for the first time . you have no idea . you heart feel so big , so enormous like you can not keep it in you chest . after a whole life of not be able to do anything suddenly you be able to help , and then you know they be count on you back home , look up to you and that keep you go . carla can not hold back tear . but the real reason I stay be for my son . he 's all have so many more opportunity here . I hate to say it but I can not imagine bring up my baby in colombia now - not with the situation be what it be ... it pain I to say it but it 's true ... Maria stare at she - not dare to say anything , tear welling up in she eye . there 's a knock on the front door . pablo ( 0.s. ) I will get it . carla that must be you friend . 91 . int . apartment - night Maria and blanca lie in bed - blanca act like she 's ignore Maria . Maria see that blanca 's get gold earring that say '' blanca '' in cursive . maria what do you do with the pellet ? blanca nothing yet ... I just decide I be at least go to enjoy the money they advanced I ... I buy a dress for my mother . ( like a little girl ) I call she ... maria ... they find Lucy 's body . I sawa picture of she ... blanca look at Maria , unsure what to say . maria ( cont would ) it 's go to cost two - thousand five - hundred dollar to send Lucy back home ... int . apartment — morning Maria , blanca and carla sit at the small table eat breakfast . carla help yourself to more arepa . the phone ring . Pablo answer it . maria ( stand , clear dish ) no , thank you . Maria go into the kitchen and put the plate in the sink . pablo ( 0.s. ) it 's for you . it 's don Fernando . suddenly Maria look up . carla ( 0.s. ) hello , don Fernando . how be you do ?... ( more ) ( continued ) 92 . continued : carla ( 0.s. ) ( cont would ) ( slowly Maria 's face change ) ... arrangement ? what arrangement ? ..- no , she do not say anything ... Maria move to the edge of the kitchen door , listen . carla ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) ... Lucy ? what do you mean ? be you sure ? found she here ?... I do not understand . what do you mean ? Maria come into the main room , carefully . carla be visibly upset . carla ( cont would ) ... they come as what ?! maria ( interrupt ) carla , let I explain ... I try to tell you . but the word just would not come out of my mouth ... carla ( cry ) what be you say ? maria Lucy get sick . I try to help she . I swear . but I do not know what ... carla when be you go to tell I ? maria I already speak to don Fernando . I arrange everything to send Lucy back to colombia ... carla arrange ? arrange what ? maria ( get emotional ) carla , please ... carla ( stand up ) you be not arrange anything ! pablo what 's go on ...? ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) carla you keep you hand off my sister . you have do enough . maria no . you do not understand . carla ( hysterical ) what have you do ? you little bitch ! maria listen to I , please , carla ... carla you be never she friend ! never ! maria ( cry ) do not say that . I try to help ... carla get out ! now ! maria I try to help she . I swear . carla get out ! blanca Maria , let 's go . carla ( scream ) get they out already . maria forgive I ... carla get out ! pablo please , leave . Pablo try to calm he pregnant wife . carla get out ! get out !! Maria sob , not know what to do . 93 . 94 . ext . / int . spanish coffee shop , roosevelt avenue - later Maria and blanca sit in a coffee shop by the window . Maria 's eye be puffy - she 's still upset . the two of they just look out at the street without speak . blanca what do you want to do ? Maria look at blanca . int . calling store — later the two of they be squeeze into a phone booth in the call store . blanca go through she purse and pull out she card with the emergency number and hold it out for Maria to dial . maria it 's ringing ... hello ? this be Maria alvarez ... yes , I be with she ... smash CUT : ext . parking lot — later carlo ( yell ) where the fuck do you think you be go ? do you think you could just take off ? carlos be yell right into Maria 's face scary as hell . they be stand next to the van in the far corner of a empty parking lot . maria no , but ... Wilson grab Maria and throw she against the wall . wilson but nothing . where be the fuck pellet ? maria in my suitcase . wilson come on . come on . ( continued ) 95 . continued : with the guy hold she hair Maria go to she suitcase and unzip it . as soon as she pull out the bag of pellet he grab it from she . blanca let she go . carlo ( in English ) shut the fuck up . he shove she against the van . carlo ( cont would ) ( in Spanish ) where be yours ? blanca in my purse . he grab she purse from she . Wilson pass carlos Maria 's pellet . wilson she should have sixty - two , and the other one should have fifty . CUT to : same — later carlos have all of blanca 's pellet pile on the front seat . he stand at the open door count they . Wilson stand next to he , watch . carlo it 's cool . they be all here . wilson good . Wilson move away , toward the driver side of the van . blanca what about we money ? wilson ( stop , turn ) you think we owe you anything ? you think you earn it ? after you go run from the hotel ? ( continued ) 96 . continued : blanca but we call you . wilson you be lucky . I be about to call javier and tell he you have make off with the stuff . maria but you get it ... carlo exactly . we have get we stuff so now you be not worth crap . blanca but we need that money . wilson oh , you do ? ( laugh ) you really need it ? he take a beat , play with she - then look over and nod to carlos . wilson ( cont 'd ) ( to carlos ) go ahead , man . carlos unzip a bag and reach inside and remove two envelope - check which be which and then give they to Maria and blanca . the two of they remove the cash - thick stack of old fives , ten and twenty wilson ( cont 'd ) make sure it 's all there . ( beat ) be sure to tell javier how nice I be when you get back . you better not make any fuck problem like this on you next run ... you have be train now . Wilson turn to walk away . maria ( hesitates , step forward ) what about Lucy 's money ? wilson ( turn ) what do you mean , what about Lucy 's money ? ( continued ) continued : 97 . ( 2 ) maria I want to give it to she family . wilson that 's none of you business . maria but you have she pellet . wilson you have get nothing to do with that . maria she die do this . they find she body ... I want to give she sister the money so they can send it back to colombia . wilson ( hesitates ) no , no fuck way . maria she deserve a decent burial . after what you do to she ... it 's you responsibility . carlos advance on Maria aggressively . carlo ( step in ) we do not have anything to do with that . she know the risk she be take . we do not have any responsibility . maria but she ... carlo shut the fuck up , bitch ... get out of here ... get out !! they stare into each other 's face a beat . the two guy get back into the van and drive off . int . TRAVEL agency - night Maria and of sheet briefcase blanca sit in Don Fernando 's office next to a pile and blanket on a desk . he be pack up he and take out he keys . ( continued ) 98 . continued : don fernando you should be alright here for the night . I will be in at seven o'clock in the morning . maria thank you for you help . don fernando I speak to carla again in the afternoon . maria how be she ? don fernando ..- better ... I be go to lock you in ... I 'o 1l see you in the morning . he step out of the office and lock the door behind he . Maria and blanca stand awkwardly . after a moment , blanca pick up a blanket and unfold it in she lap . maria you know , this be not the end of it . they be not gonna leave we alone after we get back . blanca you do not know that for sure , Maria . all I want be to get home and see my family . maria there 's something I want to do tomorrow before we leave ... int . funeral home foyer - day Don Fernando bring Maria and blanca into the foyer of a simple , non-descript funeral home . don fernando wait here . he leave they there - look at the space . blanca sit down in a over-stuffed chair . 99 . int . viewing room , funeral home - later the mortician bring Maria and don Fernando into a small room with a casket . she approach slowly . he open the lid and then leave she alone . cautiously , Maria approach . Lucy have be make up - clearly pale and waxen , but presentable . Maria kneel and then weep softly at she side . int . funeral home - office - later the office actually feel more like a live room with large table in the middle . Maria sit with don Fernando count out several hundred dollar from she envelope . she leave some of it on the table and hand some to don Fernando . maria and that 's to send Lucy back to colombia ... if that 's what carla want ... the mortician come in . Don Fernando look over at he . don fernando ( to Maria ) Excuse I , child . Don Fernando and the mortician step out together , leave Maria alone . she look around the room at the display case full of urn , etc . - with price tag . Maria collect she purse , get up and make she way up the hall and into the view room for a final look and see ... int . viewing room , funeral home - continuous carla and pablo stand by the casket . Maria stay by the door , mute . carla cross herself at the casket , cry . as she turn toward Pablo , she catch sight of Maria . maria ( explain herself ) I be sorry . I do not mean to upset you . I just want to say goodbye to Lucy . I be go back to colombia ... carla gaze back at Lucy . ( continued ) 100 . continued : carla ( slowly ) she look beautiful . indeed , carla have be laid to rest in a beautiful white dress . carla ( cont would ) ...- I do not understand why she never say anything ... we grow so far apart ... Maria watch carla mourn . she do not dare to say anything . int . moving car — day Maria sit , trancelike , in the back of a move car-service car gaze at the Manhattan skyline in the distance . blanca sit across from she . Maria look down at the printout of she sonogram and the reminder card for she next check - up . ext . airport terminal — day the driver lift Maria 's and blanca 's suitcase out of the trunk along with a large shopping bag full of blanca 's new purchase . int . airport terminal — waiting area - continuous Maria sit in the wait area by the gate . she look at all the other people wait - and then at blanca who go through the bag of gift she 's bring home . at the gate - Maria stand behind blanca in line to get on the flight . they advance slowly . blanca hand over she board pass and proceed down the passageway . the gate attendant put out she hand for Maria 's board pass but Maria let the person behind she go ahead . maria blanca ... blanca turn . Maria stare at she , look for word . they share a moment of understanding . and then Maria turn slowly away from the gate . ( continued ) 101 . continued : the camera hold on she as she walk through the terminal , pensive . the sound of the airport around she begin to drop away . bit by bit , a certain relief take over . her gaze rise as she walk - step by step leave she past behind , look forward . Maria move ahead . a subtle but undeniable flicker of determination in she eye . fade out .