marley &amp ; I written by Don roos March 7 , 2007 black some microphone feedback follow by : sebastian ( v.o . ) okay , here we go ... everybody watch ? we screen go white as a powerpoint presentation begins ... sebastian ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) I would like to tell you all a little lov e story ... but the image n screen be journalistic photo of people rioting I street sebastian ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) whoops ... wrong file ... laughter o.s. and we begin pulling back to reveal : a reception hall ( begin credit ) - day the light be dim . we be look at a blank , pull - down movie screen in a darken ballroom . sebastian ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) hang on , I get this -- someone o.s. start clinking a fork against a wine glass . be join by other , and then we hear call of " kiss ! kiss ! " on a bride and GROOM sit at the main table , in silhouette , see from behind , light only by the votive sprinkle along the table : JOHN grogan and he bride of two hour , jenny . in response to the crowd , they kiss . stand right by they be sebastian -- tall , good look , rugge type -- John 's best man . sebastian ( cont 'd ) alright , now I be ready -- and now , on the portable screen , sebastian be montage begins : John with he Mom in front of the college dorm , etc . sebastian ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) here 's John , first week of college . Nice hair , right ? ( more ) 2 . 1 1 continued : sebastian ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) not you think that feathering ' S easy ? true . take a very well p wrist action ... chuckle from the crowd . sebastian ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) I be just say ... several photo of JOHN throughout college ... sebastian ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) be John a star athlete ? a shot of he fumble a frisbee , sebastian ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) umm , no . be he a lady man ? with mid-eighty hair , bad glass . sebastian ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) you tell I . ( then ) he what he be , be John , and we love for it . 2 2 int . dorm room - day ( home video ) a taken respect sebastian . up l ^a nï¿½ghte sebastian turn the camera on himself , hold sharpie pen , smile . sebastian ( o.s. ) and he be always look after by he guardian angel and best friend . 3 3 ext . campus - day ( home video ) John walk down the quad , with " dumbass " write on he forehead . people pass he be smirk . JOHN ( to camera , which be sebastian ) people be stare at I - be my fly down ? sebastian no , no , it 's cool . 3 . 3 3 continued : JOHN all right , enough with the - ( as he get another giggle ) - all right , what ? what be you look at ? sebastian oh , wait , there 's something on you forehead . John brushes it . sebastian ( cont 'd ) you get it . leaf or something . JOHN ( dubious ) a leaf . on my forehead . sebastian yeah , it musta have some sap on it . they pass a cluster of CO eds who laugh at John . sebastian ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) and then there 's Jenny . 4 4 photo of jenny look , indeed , very cool , very put together . sebastian ( o.s. ) studious , hard - work , quiet . photo of a wilder jenny in short - short , wet T-shirt , throw water balloon at a frat house . stand on a empty keg of beer , roll it like it 's a log . sebastian ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) well , okay , sometimes not so quiet . video of jenny order a bunch of guy around , tell who to go where , as the camera zoom out , we see they be play touch football - except she tackle . hard . and then do a little victory dance over the fall . Jenny 's the captain , in charge ... 4 - 4 4 continued : sebastian ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) okay , maybe a little high - spirite , maybe vote miss kegger once or twice too often on fraternity row , but a good girl underneath it all . now could they not fall in love ? two photo juxtaposed one of John " flex " beside a lake , another of Jenny scream at a football game with a beer in she hand . sebastian ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) now , in any decent love story , you gotta have the great first meeting . 5 5 int . car - moving - day ( video footage ) sebastian be obviously the passenger shoot John , who 's drive . sebastian ( on tape ) all right , I be zoom in . whoa . not a flosser . JOHN turn it off . and as he reach for it - wham ' . he hit another car ! the camera go fly . fumble . scream . yell . JOHN ( cont 'd ) Jesus Christ ! sebastian they be okay ! they be get out . sebastian manage to right the camera and unsteadily film John get out of the car , head towards the car he hit . the passenger door open and Jenny come out . she 's cover in frosting and the remain of a birthday cake which she be carry in she lap . the damage car be full of balloon . jenny be you a complete idiot ?! sebastian ( o.s. ) and so one of the truly great love affair of the late eighty begin . in the home video , Jenny advance on John , hurl the rest of the cake at he , start flail at he with she hand . 5 . 5 5 continued : the driver of the car , another co -ed , get out and yell at camera ( sebastian ) . sebastian ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) bring together by they love of fast car , spirite baskin - robbin dreamy drizzle Ice cream cake . 6 different photo now 6 John and Jenny both at typewriter . sebastian ( o.s. ) from there , they go on to work together at the school newspaper . shot of jenny in the newspaper office shot of Jenny stand at the head of a table full of reporter . sebastian ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) although , technically , they do not work together so much as John work for Jenny who be the editor of say paper ... shot of jenny and JOHN kissing in she office , through the semi-close venetian blind . sebastian ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) let 's just say there be some flagrant workplace violation . 7 ext . college campus - day ( home video ) 7 John and Jenny , both in cap and gowns , drink from plastic champagne glass . John display the top of he cap to camera : the word " need job " be spell out in white adhesive tape . sebastian ( o.s. ) the point be they love grow , blah blah blah ... and that love continue tonight . 8 int . reception room - day 8 the wedding guest applaud , the light come up , and sebastian conclude he toast . 6 . 8 8 continued : sebastian ( o.s. ) and now , please join I in raise a glass to my future neighbor down in Florida , and to the dawn of both a marriage end a brilliant journalistic team , the new woodward and bernstein , this time with sex . bad sex , probably , but - anyway : to John and Jenny grogan . and now push in on JOHN and jenny she 's have a ffect on he 's not so much break applause . e he . they kiss as dissolve to : 9 9 snow falling pull back to reveal we be look out a window . jenny ( o.s. ) mmzmii [ lm . that feel so good . continue pulling back to reveal ... int . HOTEL bathroom - night the two of they sit on the edge of the bathtub , soaking they sore foot . Jenny 's still in she wedding dress , bunched up so as not to get it wet . John have get the pant leg of he tux roll up . Jenny take a swig from a bottle of champagne , pass it to John . he look at she . JOHN how do I get vou ? jenny what ? JOHN I be serious . in what world do a guy like I get someone like you ? jenny be you kid ? ( lean on he ) you be part of the plan . JOHN the plan . 7 - 9 9 continued : jenny step one . meet a incredibly sweet , smart , sexy guy . JOHN done . step two ? jenny marry he . JOHN check . step three ? she smile , put she face right up to he ... jenny now that one 's a surprise ... they kiss and as we push past they , into the snowy window , we end credit and ... dissolve to : 10 ext . fort lauderdale STREET - day 10 a heat mirage . a batter Toyota tercel come over . a rise . we follow the car through town , get super : " 1990 " 11 int . car - day 11 Jenny drive . John clutching he portfolio on he lap . she cut a look at he . jenny you okay ? JOHN oh yeah . 12 ext . fort lauderdale SUN - sentinel newspaper build - day 12 as jenny pull up out front of the building . int . car - same she turn to John . jenny you know you get this . 8. 12 continued : 12 JOHN I know , I get it . jenny who be you ? JOHN I be John grogan . jenny wrong . you be John friggin grogan who 's about to get a job . she lean over and give he a big , long kiss . JOHN um , okay , see now I do not wanna get out of the car . jenny johnâ€” JOHN i really just wanna sit here and make out with you . jenny -- get out of the car . he nod , start to get out , then pause . JOHN who be i again ? ( quickly ) kidding . 13 ext . fort lauderdale SUN - sentinel newspaper build - day 13 as John cross he finger , wave and enter the building ... arnie ( v.0 . ) sebastian say you win some award ? 14 int . editor' office - day ( 1990 ) 14 arnie klein -- fifty , never smile , flower shirt -- the editor of the sun-sentinel of Fort lauderdale , Florida , be flipping through John 's portfolio . JOHN yes , sir , I get a mitchy . ( off arnie 's look ) ( more ) 9 . 14 14 continued : JOHN ( cont 'd ) like a pulitzer , but for western Michigan . arnie a mitchy . min-hmm . so , tell I , why do you want to leave the estimable - ( he flip to a story , read the heading ) - kalamazoo gazette ? JOHN well , as you know , sebastian and I be in college together , and he be always talk about South Florida ... mostly about the woman of South Florida , but anyway , after my wife and I get marry we think it might be nice to come down here -- arnie for the woman ? JOHN uh , no -- for the ... the ... uh ... arnie for the work ? JOHN yes . that . arnie you wife 's Jenny haven , right ? JOHN well , Jenny grogan now -- arnie she take the job at the Post ? JOHN yeah -- arnie I try to get she over she JOHN oh -- arnie damn fine writer . ( then ) ( more ) 10 . 1 4 14 continued : ( 2 ) arnie ( cont 'd ) what 's the matter , the Post do not want yo m? JOHN well , she do feature . I be more a straight news writer . this be a better paper for that . arnie straight news writer , huh . meaning you think you be a reporter ? JOHN meaning I know I be . arnie and the six other sweaty - palm college grad I be interview today , you think you be better than they ? JOHN no , sir . in fact , I be pretty sure I be not . but I do know that I always seem to surprise myself . ten year ago , I be do bong hit and play donkey Kong , never dream I would get into college . but I do , and I graduate with honors . two year ago , my buddy tell I that the most Jenny haven would ever say to I be , you be sweet , but I do not like you in that way .. but she do like I in that way -- and my buddy can suck it because I marry she . I certainly never think I would win some award with a dumbass name -- arnie ( pointing ) the " mitchy . " JOHN ( pointing back ) exactly sir . but i surprised myself and I win it . and if you give I the chance , I be pretty sure I will surprise you , too . arnie consider he a moment . arnie that 's quite a speech , son . you rehearse that , or come up with it on the fly ? 11 . 14 14 continued : ( 3 ) JOHN Elevator , on the way up . ( then ) how would I do ? arnie just look back at he . 15 int . parked car - day 15 Jenny be write in she notebook when we see John crossing the street through the passenger window . she look at he . afraid to ask . jenny so ? JOHN he 's get I on a little thing they like to call ... Desert Storm -- jenny you got the job ! she get out of the car and the two embrace right there on the street . she take out she notebook , cross something off on she " list . " jenny ( cont 'd ) okay ... " Jobs . " done . JOHN so what 's next ? lunch ? jenny ( kiss he ) House . 16 ext . 345 churchill road - day 16 a horn honking as a can g nos by on the Dixie highway in the b.g . we tilt down to a very mix neighborhood , to a modest house , the SOUND of a tv broadcast over ... 17 int . 345 churchill - kitchen - day 17 News footage of Iraq 's invasion of Kuwait on television . John and Jenny sit at the table read a different newspaper . he glance at she ... JOHN you like the quote about the speed bump ? 12 . 17 17 continued : jenny ( look ) " if they save even one life - - " JOHN - " it would be worth it . and with that , Janet dickerson 's mother 's eye fill with tear . " ( then ) that one just feel exactly right , y'know ? jenny yeah , no , it 's good . what happen to the Desert Storm piece ? JOHN that 's it . the injure girl 's dad 's in Kuwait . what , that 's not in there ? jenny ( look at the article ) uhhhh ... they must have cut it ... and they kinda misspel you name . John egan ... JOHN what -- you be kid -- he reach for the paper , but she hold it away . jenny forget it . it 's good , John . it 's get fact , some color . it 's a solid piece . JOHN thanks . I be almost do with yours . this idea of voting machine sound really efficient -- jenny well , except on the other page I talk about what could happen -- he go back to read . she sip she coffee . JOHN oh , it continue ... a awkward moment as he now search for the new page , have to fold back the paper . no escape the fact that ie article be longer and more important than he . she finally get up ... 13 . 17 17 continued : ( 2 ) jenny you know what ? the rest be just okay , really pretty boring ... JOHN no , no , I be enjoy it ... he torture himself and keep read . she move to the sink , start to rinse out she cup ... JOHN ( cont 'd ) wow , they really give you a lot of space , do not they ? she set the cup on the counter , look at the wilted plant on the sill . jenny damn . I kill another one . how be I ever go to take care of a kid , I can not even keep a plant alive ? John look up from the paper . " kid ? " she come give he a kiss . jenny ( cont 'd ) I will see you later , Mr. gorgan . she headsout , leave John stare terrify at the plant . sebastian ( v.0 . ) a kid , huh ... 18 18 ext . SUN - sentinel office - day sebastian and John fill up at the coffee pot , start to move through the office throughout ... sebastian well , what would you expect ? you buy a house , man . a house with a mare room ... JOHN what 's wrong with a spare room ? sebastian it 's empty , John . that 's what 's wrong with it . and you know what else be empty ? her womb . 14 . 18 18 continued : JOHN I be start to worry that we be already at step six . sebastian what ? JOHN you know Jenny , she 's get she whole life organize and plan out ... sebastian smile at a secretary , turn back to John . sebastian you want my advice ? get she a puppy â €¢ JOHN a puppy . sebastian something other than you she have to take care of . ( point at he ) you have a kid , you be a dad . you be not you anymore . you have a dog , you be a master . you be still a guy . with a life . JOHN and a dog ... sebastian whatever , man . you be still free . you have stop the clock . JOHN what clock ? sebastian okay ... you know in movie when there 's , like , a bomb and it 's tick down , ten second leave , and there 's some guy with a wire cutter go , " red wire ... blue wire ... which one do I cut ? " and the guy finally just make a wild - ass guess and snip . silence . the world be save . JOHN okay ... be the bomb strapped to a dog ... because I be not sure I be following -- 15 18 continued : ( 2 ) 18 sebastian John , you buy this dog , you be save you world . because that tick you hear , be not a bomb , it 's she biological clock . John look back at he . JOHN huh . arnie .( o.s. ) sebastian ! they both turn as arnie stick he head out of he office . arnie ( cont 'd ) you travel 's approve . get outta here . sebastian in motion . JOHN where you go ? sebastian colombia . I get a guy down there , say he can put I next to Pablo escobar -- I be do this piece , I follow a single coca leaf from colombia , to the street of Miami . JOHN yeah , you and I once talk about do something like that . we be gonna call it , " from Plant to pusher . " remember ? sebastian not really . arnie hey -- gorgan -- ( JOHN look ) -- there be another fire at the county dump . some kinda methane leak . JOHN actually , it 's grogan - - arnie I want two paragraph for the blotter . 16 . i8 18 continued : ( 3 ) John nod , look off at sebastian who now sit down at he cluttere desk , pull a duffle bag from under he desk . John watch with envy as sebastian start stuff camera , recorder , a bowie knife , into the duffle ... JOHN so uh , what kind of puppy ? sebastian look up at he . JOHN ( cont 'd ) to , y'know , cut the wire . sebastian get she a lab . they be suppose to be just like little kid . but easier to train . 19 19 ext . dog breeder' house - morning as John and Jenny get out of the car . she look at the house . jenny this be not the ihop ... JOHN a little surprise first ... 20 20 int . dog breeder' house - day John be lead Jenny , she eye close , through a house towards the kitchen . lori , 55 , leathery and smoking , be go in front . lori sorry about the smell . jenny when can I look ? JOHN just hang on ... lori open a door to a laundry room . JOHN ( cont 'd ) okay . now . Jenny open she eye and see a utility room . nine yellow yipping Lab puppy tumble out of a cardboard box towards John and Jenny . 17 . 20 20 continued : JOHN ( cont 'd ) happy birthday . jenny oh my God ... they be adorable ... ( then ) wait a minute , my birthday 's a month from now . lori that 's okay , they can not leave for another three week anyway . jenny John , we never even talk about this . JOHN you be right . let 's go . he 's kid . and besides , Jenny 's already on the floor , let the puppy climb all over she . jenny look at you guy ... lori I get papers on the mom and the dad , so you can register this . JOHN be the father here too ? lori ( hesitating briefly ) oh , yeah , somewhere . anyway , girl be $ 400 , boy be $ 375 . except this little guy here . and she point to one male puppy , who be clearly the goofiest most excited . lori ( cont 'd ) you can have he for $ 325 . jenny how sweet . he 's on clearance ... lori well , he 's a little too stocky for the breed , so he probably will not show . jenny he 's so sweet ... marley &amp ; he shoot draft 18 . 20 20 continued : ( 2 ) JOHN he like you . jenny John , I do not know if I be ready for a puppy -- lori you have to wait three week for the litter to get wean , before you can bring them home anyway . JOHN plenty of time to get ready . jenny I will not even be here . I be gonna be with my sister then ... JOHN no problem . I can take he . be good bond time . get he all train in time for you to come home . a chuckle from lori. JOHN ( cont 'd ) let 's give them all the scare test . lori ( stop chuckling ) the what ? JOHN I hear the best dog in the litter be the one who do not spook easily . they turn out to be the most people - center . lori ( slightly worried ) uh , how be you gonna -- John turn away , and then suddenly turn back with a loud step and a " boo " ! all of the puppy scatter . lily bark . but clearance puppy just leap onto he shoe , he tail wag . lori ( cont 'd ) well , that 's you guy . John scoops he up . clearance puppy lick he face . John hand he to Jenny . she let he lick she face ... 19 . 20 continued : ( 3 ) 20 jenny I would have pick you anyway -- JOHN meant to be . he watch she cuddle the puppy and know he 's do the right thing . 21 ext . lori be house -- day 21 lori wave goodbye , check in she hand , as John and Jenny walk to the car . Jenny carry a Polaroid of clearance puppy . jenny you really sure about this ? I mean , a puppy 's a lot of work . JOHN how hard could it be ? we hear a commotion be come from the wood , something crash through the brush , breathe heavily . they both freeze as the sound come they way . jenny what 's that ? just then they be nearly knock off they foot by a huge , rampaging labrador , soaking wet , cover with mud and burr . it circle they , bark wildly , a craze look in its eye . it jump up on John , muddy he shirt , then barrel past lori into the house , knock over a chair on the porch as it go . a beat . JOHN I think we just meet the dad . 22 ext . airport - day 22 John kissing Jenny good - bye . they finally part ... jenny call I as soon as you get he home . oh , hey , we need a name . JOHN how ' bout I just call he " clearance puppy " until you get back . I only hope he do not say he first word without you . 20 . 23 23 ext . lori be house - night John step out of he car and the puppy , now twice the size he be three week ago , bound over to he . a harry lori follow , a rope leash and instruction . sheet in hand . JOHN whoa ! he get big ... this be the right one , right ? lori you should see he pack away the puppy chow . JOHN so , what if I run into any problem ? lori ( backing away ) oh. sure , call I . all sale be final , though . not just for he . I tell that to everyone . ( quickly ) you want help get he in the car ? JOHN no , that 's okay , I will just ... John open the door , indicate that marley should jump in . instead , the puppy run around the car , bark , jump up on the bumper . John finally catch he , lift he up , put he on the front passenger seat atop some towel . JOHN ( cont 'd ) there we go . ( turn ) well , anyway , thanks for -- but lori 's already inside she house , the door close . 24 int . JOHN be car - night 24 John and the puppy on the drive home . the puppy atop a pile of towel . John look at he . JOHN hey ... guy . the dog just stare at he quizzically . uncomfortable alone with the dog , John turn on the radio . bob marley play and the puppy thump he tail . 21 . 24 24 continued : JOHN ( cont 'd ) you like Bob marley ? the dog thump he tail again . John turn up the music . thump . thump . thump faster this time . JOHN ( cont 'd ) good boy -- ( try it out ) Bob ? ( nothing , then ) marley . thump thump thump . JOHN ( cont 'd ) marley . okay -- marley . cool . but now the pup start wriggle towards John , John try to put he back ... JOHN ( cont 'd ) no -- stay boy ... stay . ( the dog crawl into he lap ) okay , not really safe , bud -- marley get stick with half he body drape over the console . he remain like this , he tail thumping ... John give up . JOHN ( cont 'd ) alright , fine , but just this time . thump . thump . 25 25 ext . 345 churchill road - night door . the dog John pull up in the driveway and open the jump out . JOHN this be we house ... the dog immediately pee on the ground . JOHN ( cont 'd ) and now it 's yours . 26 26 int . kitchen - night as John crouch down , show he he bowl ... JOHN this one 's water . this one 's food . 22 . 26 continued : 26 marley start paw the food bag . JOHN ( cont 'd ) c'mon , man , you have already have kibble and half a seat belt . ( moment , relent ) all right . special treat . but just today ... he open the bag and marley tackle it . several cupful spill onto the floor . John go to the pantry to get the dustpan and brush . when he return , he find marley have eat the food in the bowl and every last scrap of spill food . and now he 's squatting to pee again ... JOHN ( cont 'd ) no , no , no ! he pick up the puppy and rush he outside . 27 ext . 345 churchill - backyard - night 27 as John set he down on the ground , step back . JOHN okay , now . pee. he motion with he zipper . JOHN ( cont 'd ) c'mon , man , do you thing . ( marley just stare ) alright , I be gonna show you this one time ... from behind , we see John pee . JOHN ( cont 'd ) except you gotta lift you leg . ( lift he leg ) see , this be how you guy do it ... marley look at he , squat and pee ... JOHN ( cont 'd ) or you could do it like that . just not in front of other guy dog . 28 int . jenny' sister' house - night 28 Jenny 's on the phone . her young niece and nephew wait for she , a board game on the floor between they . she motion that she will just be a second ... 23 . 28 28 continued : jenny marley . I like that ... 29 int . 345 churchill - night 29 John 's on the phone , talk to Jenny as he follow marley around the room , try to keep shoe and sock and cord out of he mouth ... JOHN be you sure ? because it can be temporary ... intercutting : JOHN &amp ; jenny jenny no , it 's good . ( then ) he must be exhaust . JOHN oh , yeah , he 's poope . marley let out a squeak as he tug at a couch cushion ... jenny ( hear it ) oh , he sound so sweet ! JOHN yeah ... ( snap he finger at the dog , shaking he head " no " ) he 's very cute . just like a little kid only furrier . jenny put the phone by he ear ... John chase after the dog who burrow under the couch , he tail stick out so that John can not get he ... JOHN uh , okay , he 's listen . John just hold the phone awkwardly as Jenny coo baby talk . jenny ( into the phone ) hey , marley ! who 's my good boy ?! mommy can not wait to meet you ... 24 . 29 29 continued : JOHN anyway , do not worry , he 's do great . like he 's live here he whole life . all eight week of it . and you know what else ? I think he 's go to be pretty easy to train . I mean , he 's curious which mean he 's smart , right ? jenny of course he be . I can not wait to see he . JOHN just he ? jenny jealous ? JOHN I be not the one sleep in a box . jenny I love you . I will see you Friday . 30 int . garage - night 30 John , dress to go out , be set down marley in he wooden box on the garage floor . JOHN I will see you in the morning , okay ? marley look at he with a heartbreaking expression . John hesitates . JOHN ( cont 'd ) aw , come on , do not . you will be fine , alright . and tomorrow , we be gonna tear it up . I be think kibble , park , chew toy , the whole nine yard . okay ? we good ? marley do not - look so good , look kind of sad . John turn and get out of there . 31 ext . driveway - night 31 John get into he car . he can hear whimpering . JOHN Big day tomorrow ! Rest up , pal ! he listen a beat ; marley quiet down . he get in he car . 25 . 32 int . bar - night 32 journalist hang out . ' John and sebastian at the bar . many know sebastian , he 's constantly nodd at people throughout : sebastian so I be there in this cave , right ? blindfolded . and I can feel the machine gun , there 's like nine of ' they around I ... and they tie I to a chair and then escobar come in and say -- be you ready ? ( spanish accent ) I read you piece on kadahfi , and I think you capture he narcissism just right . ( laugh ) can you believe that ? JOHN some of it . sebastian man , I wish you could have be there . JOHN yeah , but then I would not have be able to do the piece on the water main break at the library . that would have suck . sebastian ( hand on John 's shoulder ) you time will come , amigo . JOHN I will drink to that -- they toast with they beer , sebastian clock John look at he watch . sebastian you gotta be somewhere ? JOHN oh . no , it 's the puppy . it 's he first night alone -- sebastian you get adoc ? 26 . 32 32 continued : JOHN marley . a little lab . like you say . remember ? the bomb ... sebastian oh , right . smart move . you will see . ( slap he on the back ) you have just preserve you quiet way of life for at least another two year . 33 33 ext . 345 churchill road -- night John pull up , get out of he car . halfway down the block , we see a police car , light flash , two officer talk to a couple . another neighbor , in he robe , stand in the street watch ... neighbor miller get rob again . ( then , turn to John ) and that mutt of yours have not shut up since you leave . John look towards the garage where we hear whimpering . 34 int . 345 churchill road - garage - night 34 the door open and the puppy get excited -- JOHN no no ... I just want you to know I be back . the puppy whimper and he go over to he , reach into the box and pet he ... JOHN ( cont 'd ) buddy , you really gotta chill , okay ? yeah , I know , good to see you , too . but I be just inside the house , I will see you in the morning . Big day tomorrow . get some sleep . 35 int . 345 churchill - kitchen - night 35 John gulp orange juice from the bottle . leave a quarter - inch , put it back in the fridge . and now we hear barking from the garage . 27 . 36 int . 345 churchill - bathroom - night 36 Water run . John swallow some preventative aspirin , pick some nacho off he shirt . he turn off the water . and we hear wailing and keening come from the garage . 37 int . 345 churchill - bedroom - night 37 John have he head bury under the pillow as the wailing and keening go on . and on . and on . finally , John can not take it anymore . he sit up , pull earplug out of he ear . 38 38 int . garage - night as the light come on and marley 's head appear over the top of the box . John sigh , come over and scoops he up ... 39 int . 345 churchill - bedroom - night 39 John get marley settle in the box , now by the side of the bed . JOHN just this one time . John climb into bed , shut off the light . marley whimper and John roll onto he stomach , reach into the box and stroke he back , the puppy lay down , still whimper ... JOHN ( cont 'd ) oh , come on ... ( then ) hey . remember this ? ( half drunk , sing badly ) one love , one heart ... ( marley quiet ) let 's get together and feel alright ... John nod off , one arm hang over the side of the bed into the box , he hand rest on marley 's back as the puppy now snooze peacefully and we then ... fade out . a alarm clock sound . 40 fade in : close - up of marley' face 40 tail rise in the b.g. , wag . reveal : bedroom - morning 28 . 40 40 continued : as John open he eye to see marley snuggle up against he face . marley 's eye look into he . John reach over the puppy and shut off the alarm . JOHN she come home today . hung over , he sit up , look around the messy room , half due to John 's bachelor housekeep habit , half due to marley . not only have everything have be chew , but some time during the night marley discover how much fun toilet paper be . JOHN ( cont 'd ) we should probably clean up . 41 int . 345 churchill - day 41 John vacuum , struggle to empty the bag , put a break vase in the trash , do the dish , etc . marley follow he , tail wreak havoc , knock over everything that be not nail down . John pick up the huge chew toy he would just buy and examine it as marley run into the bathroom ... JOHN huh . it 's already completely gnaw up . John look at marley who emerge drag a roll of toilet paper , ram right into the screen door , bounce back . JOHN ( cont 'd ) marley , it 's a screen , you be not gonna get through -- meanwhile , marley back up a few step , get a head of steam , then ram into it again , this time go right through it . JOHN ( cont 'd ) -- there . 42 int . bathroom - later 42 John get drench as he give marley a bath . 43 int . garage - day 43 John drag marley into the garage . JOHN I will be back in a hour . be good . 29 . 44 44 ext . grocery store - day a bit of thunder as John come out with a bag of grocery and a bunch of flower . he get to the car just as the rain hit . 45 45 ext . airport - day as John and Jenny kiss outside the terminal . she hold a stuff " Pluto . " jenny how 's my puppy ? JOHN I be okay . a little tired , but otherwise -- she nudge he . he give she another kiss . JOHN ( cont 'd ) he 's wait for you . 46 ext . 345 churchill - driveway - day 46 John and Jenny get out of the car . we hear whimpering in the garage . jenny marley ! she take off for the side door of the garage . 47 int . 345 churchill - garage - day 47 they open the door and freeze . jenny oh my God . it 's a mess . it 's almost incredible that it 's all due to a single puppy . the box be in shred ; so be the blanket . a puddle of urine on the floor . a large piece of dry wall have be chew off near the big garage door . the garbage can be overturn . marley be whimper in the corner . JOHN wow . okay , this be not how I leave it . jenny how long have he be in here ? 3â€¢/06/07 30 . 47 continued : 47 JOHN a hour , at the most . ( look around , then ) jeez ... he alg drywall . that 's just not right . jenny ( she pick he up ) look . he 's shaking -- another bit of thunder and the puppy whimper louder . jenny ( cont 'd ) do thunder scare you , mister ? hm ? he lick she face , snuggle into she . she give he the Pluto stuff animal . she hug he ... jenny ( cont 'd ) look at we . she look up at John and smile . he return the smile . Mission accomplish . 48 int . 345 churchill road - day 48 as marley burst out of the back bedroom with one of Jenny 's bras in he mouth . jenny marley , no ! Jenny chase he into the kitchen , past John who hold up the newspaper ... JOHN he give I a extra paragraph ... marley burst through the back screen door ... 49 ext . 345 churchill road - backyard - day 49 a seemingly continuous shot , except that it 's now a six month old marley who come through the screen into the backyard now clutching a set of curtain in he mouth , still attach to the rod , and it 's now JOHN who stumble through the break wire mesh to chase after he ... JOHN marley , no ! John chase he across the backyard . marley go under the fence and John start to go over into ... 31 . 50 50 ext . the neighbor's backyard - day and now it 's a nine month old marley who come up from under the fence clutching a thanksgive turkey in he mouth . and now it 's Jenny and John who go over the fence chase he ... JOHN marley , no ! they wave to the neighbor stand on he patio watch . JOHN ( cont 'd ) hi , Tom -- sorry ... jenny happy Thanksgiving ... marley go through a hedge and out onto ... 51 ext . STREET - day 51 where marley emerge into frame a full grown dog , rapidly pull Jenny by the leash along the intercoastal waterway . we track with he until a woman walking a poodle be now in frame and marley get the two woman entangle as he start humping the smaller dog ... jenny marley , no ! 52 52 int . SUN - sentinel - arnie' office - day John sit across from arnie . he look throw : JOHN I do not understand , why I ? arnie I be in a bind , John . JOHN but I be a reporter , not a columnist . arnie it 's a step up . JOHN yeah , but it 's a step away from what I wanna do . arnie it 's also better pay , you set you own hour , pick you own topic ... ( more ) 32 . 52 52 continued : arnie ( cont 'd ) and it 's only temporary , just until I find someone permanent . JOHN what happen to Jerry ? arnie you may have notice that in every other column , he go on about the pie Palace ? JOHN I really have not read he -- arnie turn out he 's be get free meal in exchange for mention the joint . it 's also why he become such a fat ass . John nod . oh. arnie ( cont 'd ) anyway , it 's twice a week . and like I say , it 's only until I can find someone else to replace he . then you be back on , uh ... whatever beat you be on . 53 ext . 345 churchill road - day 53 17 - John pull up , get out of the car . his neighbor , the year - old girl -- short blue hair , pierce eyebrow -- and she mom -- in a nurse uniform -- unload grocery from the car . girl you dog 's funny . JOHN ( pause ) uh , thanks . girl he try to eat one of we tire . JOHN yeah , well , dog need rubber . Little know fact , help the digestive tract ... girl right . along with the occasional black converse high top which I would still love to get back by the way . 33 . 53 53 continued : JOHN I will do what I can . girl ' preciate that . 54 54 int . kitchen - day John sit at the table scribbling on a legal pad . he tear off the sheet and crumple it up , throw it across the room . marley bound into the room , Jenny behind he , sweat . jenny I think he dislocate my shoulder . he do not heel -- hell , he do not even walk , he sprint , and I have to pull he off three dog ... JOHN poodle ? jenny yeah , among other . there be a yorkie , a dalmatian and a bichon frise that may never be right again . ( see the legal pad ) what be you do ? JOHN arnie give I a column . jenny you be kid ? congratulation ! JOHN oh , yeah , it 's a big honor . I get to write about zone law and yard sale . jenny I bet you make something out of it . JOHN it 's only temporary until he find someone else . I be just try to get something down for Tuesday . she give he a kiss , start out of the room jenny you will think of something . and John , I be serious abut marley . he wreak havoc everywhere he go . we gotta do something ... 34 . 55 55 ext . park - day ms. kornblut , weathered and stern , be study John . behind John , eight puppy and they owner be chat before the class begin . ms. kornblut incorrigible ? I do not believe in that . all dog want to learn . but they can not when they owner be weak - will . JOHN I be very strong - will . ms. kornblut and where be you animal ? JOHN he 's over there . with my wife . he be a little excited . he usually need a little time to calm down . Ms. kornblut look at Jenny as she struggle up with marley . ms. kornblut I see . he call the shot . which of you will be the trainer ? jenny we think we both would , since we want he to listen to both of we at home - ms. kornblut a dog can only answer to one master . which one of you have the most natural authority in you own relationship ? JOHN ( beat ) I will watch . ms. kornblut I think so . we begin . 56 ext . park - later 56 as Ms. kornblut gesture , demonstrate the command : ms. kornblut sit ! 35 . 56 56 continued : the student order they dog to sit , and most of they do . the one that do not require only a little effort to get the idea . whereas : Jenny order marley to sit ; instead marley jump up on she and put he paw on she shoulder . she press he butt to the ground , and he roll over for a belly rub . she try to tug he into place and he grab the leash in he tooth , shaking it playfully . ms. kornblut ( cont 'd ) that , class , be a example of a dog that have be foolishly allow to believe he be the alpha male of he pack . and therefore he cannot be a happy animal . JOHN ( from the sideline ) yeah , he look really bum . kornblut hear he , death stare John . ms. kornblut you. joker . rotate in . John look at Jenny who shrug , hold up the leash for he to take . 57 CUT to : a heavy choke chain 57 as Ms. kornblut demonstrate on she wrist . ms. kornblut the choke chain . when you animal walk properly by you side , there ' will be slack . if he pull , it tighten around he neck like a noose and loosen as soon as he stop pull . JOHN do it hurt they ? ms. kornblut well , it 's not call a hug chain . but they learn to like it . go on , collar you dog . everyone else quickly , easily get the choke chain around they dog ' neck . of course . meanwhile : John kneel down and struggle to put it . around marley 's neck . marley , like its shiny jingling , try to eat it . 36 . 57 continued : 57 much tussling , and John finally get it around marley 's neck - but marley still manage to grab it in he tooth . JOHN he like it . ms. kornblut that 's because he 's eat it ... get it out of he mouth . class ? give you dog the sit command . all the dog sit ; John force marley 's butt down . ms. kornblut ( cont 'd ) the leash be hold in two place . Loop around you right hand , leave hand at waist level . Dog always on you leave , of course . JOHN that mean we , pal . he rearrange marley so he 's on John 's leave . ms. kornblut now , when you give the heel command , step off with you leave foot - I do not want to see any right foot first stepper - and walk . if you dog get ahead , administer a correction by forcefully bring you leave hand down and towards the right , and he will respond . shall we ? one , two , three - now ! just as the dog and owner prepare to step off , marley lurch ahead of the pack ... JOHN marley , heel ! marley take off like a fighter jet , drag John behind . ms. kornblut correct he ! John give a mighty yank on the leash . marley cough , hesitates . John loosen the leash - and marley explode forward again . John yank , marley stop , John release , marley explode forward . 37 . 57 continued : ( 2 ) 57 ms. kornblut ( cont 'd ) rein in that dog ! all right , everyone , line up again . demonstration . Mr. grogan ? pay attention . she take the leash from John and efficiently guide he into line with the other dog . ms. kornblut ( cont 'd ) it 's a simple question of confidence in one 's own authority . shall I demonstrate a simple walk ? JOHN be my guest . ms. kornblut class ? even a unruly dog want to obey he leader . marley ? heel . and she step off confidently - but marley be a bit more confident than she be . he lunge , she pull , he fall back on he hind leg , then barrel up and lurch forward . Ms. kornblut half -stumble , half rocket across the park . she manage to turn marley around , and the whole process begin again as they make they way back to the line . her face be flushed with embarrassment , anger , and exertion , but marley , jowl froth , be have a ball . it 's like a walk tug-of-war . with difficulty , Ms. kornblut manage to return marley to John , but not before , as a coup - de-grace , he start humping she leg enthusiastically . she struggle , he knock she down , and then he bury he face in she crotch and hump she knee . John and Jenny rush over . John restrain marley ; Jenny help up Mrs. kornblut . she 's livid . ms. kornblut ( cont 'd ) that 's it ! he 's out ! JOHN he usually just do this with poodle . ( look at she bad perm ) maybe it 's the hair . ms. kornblut he 's a bad influence on the other . leg-humping be a virus . once it take hold in a group - he have to go ! 38 . 58 58 int . 345 churchill road - day as they follow marley back into the house . JOHN well , that be fun . ( to the dog ) congratulation , marley . you flunk obedience school . jenny you know , John , there be something else we can do -- JOHN ( look at she ) no , no , I be not do that to he . jenny it 's painless . and he will be a lot more comfortable . it will calm he down . JOHN yeah , you know why he will be calmer ? because he will have nothing to look forward to . jenny what be you talk about ? there be plenty of other thing that will make he happy -- JOHN that 's where you be wrong . trust I , Jen : I know . I be a guy . and yeah , lot of thing make we happy , but the only thing we really look forward to be sex . runner up : the possibility of sex . jenny oh , please . every book say he will live longer -- JOHN it will just feel longer . jenny John , he 's out of control . it 's the right thing to do . John sigh , look at marley who 's now humping the stuff " goofy " that Jenny give he as a puppy . 39 . 59 59 int . jenny' car - day Jenny at the wheel . John in the passenger seat . marley in the back , he front paw balanced on the center console . JOHN it will not be so bad , buddy . you will see . sex be overrate . marley look - at he . JOHN ( cont 'd ) okay , I be lie , and I think you know that ... so maybe the best thing be to just not talk about it . Jenny cut he a look . he lower he voice . JOHN ( cont 'd ) poor son-of-a-bitch . a guilty John crack the window just a bit and marley begin list to starboard , lean against John to catch a whiff of the outdoor smell . marley crawl onto John 's lap ... JOHN ( cont 'd ) oh , okay , you wanna sit up here ... marley now jam he nose into the small open , snort to catch the fresh air JOHN ( cont 'd ) least I can do . John lower the window and marley get he whole snout out . JOHN ( cont 'd ) here you go ... John lower the window again and now marley stick he whole head out , ear flap behind he , tongue hang out like he 's drunk . JOHN ( cont 'd ) he 's so happy . he have no idea what 's about to happen to he . Jenny look over as marley hook he paw over the half open window so that he neck and upper shoulder now hang out of the car . jenny he 's make I nervous . 40 . 59 59 continued : JOHN he 's fine . he just want a little fresh -- suddenly marley slide he front leg out the window until he front armpit be rest on the glass . jenny John , grab he ! before John can do anything , marley be off he lap and scramble out the window of the move car . JOHN he 's onto we evil plan , and he 's make a break for it ! but now he butt be up in the air , he hind leg claw for a foothold ... 60 60 ext . intercoastal waterway bridge - same as Jenny slow down in heavy traffic , John lunge out the window after marley , grab the end of he tail with one hand so that marley dangle upside down , outside the car , by he tail ... he trot along the pavement with he front paw ... 61 61 int . car - sane Jenny get the car stop , horn honking behind they . JOHN uh , little help here ... John 's stick . he can not pull the dog back in the window and he can not open the door . he can not let go as angry driver behind they be now start to swerve around they . John hang on for dear life ... jenny I get he ! 62 62 ext . bridge - same as Jenny put on the flasher and get out of the car , run around to the passenger side ... a group of car drive slowly by in the other direction , all watch and laugh ... JOHN ( shout ) what be you look at ?! he 's lose he ball today ! cut the guy some slack ! 41 . 63 63 int . SUN - sentinal office - day John sit at he desk , try to write a column . sebastian , in a flak jacket , pause at he desk ... sebastian Strip mall get approve ? JOHN riveting plan commission vote . knuckle-biter . 8 to 1. sebastian you up for a beer ? JOHN can not , I gotta finish the column . maybe tomorrow ? sebastian can not , I will be in l.a . part of that drug piece I be do -- JOHN right . another time then . John watch he move off , a secretary give sebastian a big smile as he pass . John sit there another moment , look at he desk . a photo of he and Jenny . one of marley with a flip flop in he mouth . John chuckle to himself , then delete the column , start type a new one . 64 int . arnie' office - later 64 John sit anxiously across from arnie who sit at he desk read . the editor 's expression be grim as he look up at John . JOHN I be really sorry , I will go back and do the zone piece -- arnie the hell you sorry for ? it 's hilarious . John sit back down , look at arnie . see , the thing be , arnie 's face do not say " hilarious , " but ... shoot draft 42 . marley &amp ; I 64 64 continued : arnie ( cont 'd ) I love it . get kick out of obedience school , the humping , the " great escape , " all of it . hysterical . again , arnie 's face remain dead serious as he pass the paper back to John . arnie ( cont 'd ) run it . as be . JOHN thank you , sir . John start out of the office . arnie hey , gorgan ... ( then ) tell he not to feel bad . sooner or later , we all lose we ball . JOHN I will be sure to pass that on . 65 65 ext . cuban restaurant - patio - night live music , a sexy vibe . John and Jenny sit outside in the hot Florida night . dinner over , John raise he glass ... JOHN to two year . jenny that be fast . JOHN good , though , right ? jenny really good . he lift out of he chair and kiss she , a long one . JOHN so . what 's next ? jenny I be think desert . JOHN no , I mean on you list . 43. 65 65 continued : jenny my list ? JOHN ed , remember , when we first get marri you have this whole checklist , with like the game plan . jenny right ... JOHN so what come next ? jenny let 's see ... a new car maybe ? JOHN afterthat ? we can do that . what be jenny ( beat ) you sure you wanna know ? JOHN yeah . jenny well , it be between a new roof and a baby . he study she for a long moment , then ... JOHN I can probably live with a few leak . jenny really ? because a leak can turn into something bigger ... and that can be a big responsibility . JOHN I know . jenny I be just think that we might want everything fix before we go to the next step . JOHN well , we have already fix marley . literally . ( continu ed ) 44 . marley &amp ; he shoot draft 65 65 continued : ( 2 ) jenny you be serious about this ? JOHN I think so . jenny t a and you know we be not talk about actual roof here . JOHN yeah , I get that . she look back at he , finally nod . they be . then .. jenny okay . maybe , instead of tie to have a baby , we should stop try to not have one . JOHN if I be follow you correctly -- and I think I be -- this be the part where we go home and get it on , right ? jenny bingo . 66 66 int . bedroom - day he . as Jenny push John back onto the bed , start kissing thing get hot and heavy quickly . as they kiss ... jenny honey ? JOHN yeah ... jenny do you eat some kibble ? JOHN what ? and now they part and we see marley' huge face resting on the side of the bed , watch , panting up a storm . JOHN ( cont 'd ) marley - - get out of here ! 45 - shoot draft marley &amp ; I 66 66 continued : jenny know it 's fine , he 's a dog , he do not what he 's look at . JOHN resent oh , he know , and trust I , he the hell out of I right now . go on , marley ! get out ! but marley jump up on the bed , try to climb on both of they -- jenny marley ! and now they both start laugh as the dog try to lick they face ... 67 67 int . arnie' office - day silence . arnie read John 's column , he face dead serious . arnie this be even funnier than the last one . JOHN thank you , sir . arnie you be good , gorgan . and not just the dog stuff . the piece on the woman of boca last week . what would you call they ? JOHN boccahontis . arnie hilarious . John nod , start for the door ... arnie ( cont 'd ) be it true what you write ? you and the wife be try to have a kid ? JOHN well , we be not really try . arnie how 's that work ? JOHN Excuse I ? 46 . shoot draft marley &amp ; I 67 67 continued : arnie be you have sex ? JOHN yes . arnie ant ? with the intention of get pregn JOHN i guess . arnie congratulation . you be try . John just stand there . arnie look back at he . arnie ( cont 'd ) I assume you have think this through ? JOHN yeah , I mean ... ( then ) .yeah . 68 68 int . SUN - sentinal office - day desk . John walk out of the office , pensive , sit down at he his phone ring . JOHN grogan . 69 69 int . 345 churchill road - same Jenny on the phone , look at a dry erase calendar . jenny I just think I would let you know that I be ovulate . intercutting : JOHN &amp ; jenny JOHN oh. jenny just in case you want to come home . JOHN qh - 47 . 69 continued : 69 jenny like right now . 70 int . elevator - day 70 in the f.g. , stand a harry thirty - something father with a scream infant in a bjorn . John stand just behind the father who bounce in place try unsuccessfully to soothe the baby . girl voice daddy ! and now , another kid , 4 - year - old girl , jump up in and out of frame ... girl I wanna push the button ! father daddy can not lift you right now -- girl ( jump up again ) you say I could push the button ! father alright , okay , I will just -- he try to pick she up without lean over ... girl ow ! you be hurt I ! father okay , you know what ? never mind , no button ! a very uncomfortable John now step forward ... JOHN you want I to give she a hand ? father oh -- would you mind ? John lift the girl up to the panel . she run she hand , from top to button , down the panel , press every single button . father ( cont 'd ) Sarah ! goddammit -- 48 . 70 70 continued : and now the little girl start bawling in concert with the baby , while a trap John back up into the corner . 71 71 ext . 345 churchill road - day John get out of the car . the young girl next door give he a wave as she start down the sidewalk with she boyfriend . JOHN hi. girl hi. John watch the young couple go , arm around each other . 72 72 int . 345 churchill road - day John enter and be greet as usual by marley who jump on he . JOHN hey , boy . ( look around ) Jenny ? jenny out in a sec ! John stand there , marley look at he . JOHN ( to the dog ) so . this be we not try . the bathroom door open and Jenny walk out in a tiny , silky two - piece thing ... jenny hey , sailor . she walk into the bedroom . John look back at marley as he follow she into the bedroom . JOHN catch you later , buddy . and close the door on the dog . 73 int . bar - night 73 John and sebastian sit at the bar . 49 . 73 continued : 73 sebastian so the puppy be not enough ? JOHN well , technically , we be not try . but you know Jenny . sebastian but thing be good right now , just as they be , right ? JOHN yeah , thing be really good . sebastian so why change it up with a kid ? I mean , have you already forget my little cautionary tale ... JOHN the bomb , right ? sebastian yes . the bomb . and just so we be clear , the countdown sequence have be reactivate . by you . JOHN well , it 's be a few month and nothing 's happen . which actually make I wonder if -- bartender Mr. grogan ? the bartender set a phone down in front of John . bartender ( cont 'd ) phone call . I love that thing you do on you dog watch you and you wife have sex ? really funny stuff ... JOHN ( embarrassed ) thanks ... bartender seriously , man , you stuff be classic . JOHN well , it 's just temporary , but thanks . John cut a look at sebastian , pick up the phone . 50 . 73 continued : ( 2 ) 73 JOHN ( cont 'd ) hello . jenny ( phone ) I just want to let you know that there 's a naked blonde in you bed . JOHN oh . why do not you two get start and I will be there as soon as I can . jenny very funny . can you come home ? I will make it worth you while . JOHN oh. alright then . I will see what I can do . he hang up . look at sebastian . JOHN ( cont 'd ) uh , I be sorry , man , but I gotta jam . I forget , I have this thing , I gotta deal with -- sebastian she 's call you home , be not she ? JOHN yeah . see you later . John start out of the bar . sebastian call after he . sebastian tick tick tick ! 74 74 int . 345 churchill - night romantic Music on the stereo . John come in , wearily , absently pet marley . he go into the bedroom . the bathroom door be open . John sit down on the bed . JOHN you know , this baby thing . I be think maybe we should take a break . you know ? obviously , it 's not happen . maybe that 's nature 's way of say it 's not good timing . no sound from Jenny . he struggle on . 51 . 74 74 continued : JOHN ( cont 'd ) maybe this be a sign that we be not ready for this . I mean , have we really think this through ? because -- behind he look up to see Jenny at the bathroom door . from she back she bring out a home pregnancy test strip . jenny I be pregnant . JOHN ( pause , then ) great . wow , that 's ... great . jenny but you just say JOHN yeah , no , I mean - - okay , this be definitely awkward now , but ... jenny you wanna start over ? JOHN can I ? jenny by all mean . JOHN thank you . okay , well ... I gotta be honest , I be a little panicked . jenny be you panic because I be pregnant ... or because you be afraid I be go to hit you ? JOHN both . it 's a twofer thing . jenny be you scared ? JOHN no. no . not at all . ( then , look at she ) yeah , yeah I be pretty scared . 52 . 74 74 continued : ( 2 ) jenny ( sit down next to he ) I , too . but we be gonna be okay . ( then ) look at I ... he look at she . she smile at he . jenny ( cont 'd ) we be gonna be okay . JOHN ( beat ) I believe you . he look at she stomach , kiss she there ... 75 75 int . arnie' office - day as John hand arnie he latest column ... JOHN that 's probably the last one about marley for a while . but in about nine month , I be gonna have a new subject , might be just as fun . Jenny 's pregnant . arnie ( flat ) I be very happy for you . have you buy she a present ? JOHN what ? arnie a gift , John . she 's carry a child . you child . do not you think that 's worth something ? JOHN uhhh ... arnie you do not wanna make the mistake I do . listen to I . there 's gonna come a time , she 's fat , she 's nauseous , she ankle be swollen , and she 's gonna look at you , and this be what that look will mean : " you bastard . you do this to I . you dick , you ruin I . " but then ... ( more ) shoot draft 53. marley &amp ; I 75 75 continued : arnie ( cont 'd ) she 's gonna remember that little ring , bracelet , anklet , whatever , that you buy she , and she 's gonna feel better . understand ? JOHN yeah . ( indicate the door ) can I just -- arnie go ahead . there 's a jeweler on the corner . mention my name . 76 76 int . 345 churchill road - night lit with candle . Jenny and John on the couch . she remove a beautiful gold necklace from a box and hold it up ... jenny oh , John , it 's beautiful ... she set it down on the coffee table , then move close to he . jenny ( cont 'd ) thank you ... she kiss he . JOHN I be just think about you when I walk by the store and see it in the window ... jenny that be so sweet . JOHN put it on ... she turn back to the coffee table and look around ... jenny where would it go ? it be right here . JOHN you just put it down . it can not have just disappeared -- and then he stop . look off . so do Jenny ... 54 . 76 76 continued : jenny oh God ... marley stand a few foot away , look strangely gleeful . a glint of gold in the moonlight dangle from he mouth . they both get up , start to move towards he ... jenny ( cont 'd ) hey , boy . come here . look what I get for you . JOHN we do not want any trouble ... jenny yeah , here 's a little something -- ( imaginary ) treat . marley she reach into she pocket for a move look at she . be this a trick ? he consider . then he closer . John tiptoe up behind he , ever so slowly . jenny ( cont 'd ) I just want to give you a treat and a big kiss . that 's a boy ... inch by inch , marley approach she . but then , behind marley , John knock against a table . marley freeze . JOHN he make I ! go ! Jenny lurch for marley , go for he collar , and John leap at he from behind . marley skitter away . ah , a game ! he wag he tail , prance , stick he rear in the air and he put he head to the ground . John feint , try to maneuver marley back into Jenny . Jenny finally grab he from behind . John pries open he mouth . nothing . he reach inside , look up at Jenny . JOHN ( cont 'd ) uh-oh . 77 ext . 345 churchill road - backyard - morning John grimace in the morning sun as he watch marley poop . he take a hose and squirt at the deposit until it run into the lawn . nothing . jenny ( o.s. ) Dr. jay 's send over a laxative . JOHN yay . 78 ext . 345 churchill - backyard - day John hose through marley 's huge orange iridescent poop . JOHN man , you gotta lay off the mango . ( a sigh ) you know , year ago , when I picture my life , somehow stand in my backyard hose down dog crap in search of my bride 's swallow and recycle ass - kissing gift just do not spring to mind . ( suddenly excite ) aha ! jackpot ! 79 79 int . kitchen - day carefully , Jenny lift the shiny necklace out of a glass fill with bleach . jenny I think it 's shinier than before . amazing . JOHN yeah . he do we a favor . and I only throw up eight time . jenny my hero . 80 80 int . ob / gyn office - examining room - day the nurse arrange the gown on Jenny . nurse how 's that crazy dog of yours ? ( smile at John ) I be a big fan . JOHN thank you . nurse the heartbeat will be very fast , like a little train . that 's normal . shoot draft 56 . marley &amp ; I 80 80 continued : JOHN be it too soon to tell the sex ? not that I care . he can be any sex he want . male , female , we do not care . unambiguous genital , if we have we druther , but whatever ... nurse shhhhh ... hang on ... she listen for a moment with a little microphone hook up to a speaker . nothing . nurse ( cont 'd ) sometimes you , can not hear it , depend on how the baby be lie .- you be ten week , right ? jenny next Monday , yes . nurse might be a little early for that . let 's go right to the sonogram . do you bring you blank tape ? JOHN ( wave it , smile ) ready to roll . nurse let 's get a good picture first . it will be on the monitor there . the nurse begin run the instrument around Jenny 's stomach . John and Jenny peer at the computer screen . nurse ( cont 'd ) ( neutral ) hmmm . this one do not seem to be pick up anything . Excuse I , I will be just a minute ... she leave . Jenny and John smile at each other , but inside each of they , a small pinpoint of fear start to expand . we wait for a few moment . a pressured silence . and then ... smile down at dr . sherman come in , follow by the nurse , Jenny . dr . sherman hi , guy . let 's have a look at you baby , shall we ? ( more ) shoot draft 57 . marley &amp ; he 80 80 continued : ( 2 ) dr . sherman ( cont 'd ) ( he take the instrument ) all right , there we go . good . now , look over there . much better resolution , right ? Jenny and John , hold hand , look at the computer screen . they see a sac , which , with a click of the mouse , Dr. sherman expands and expands . but it 's empty . Jenny try to smile . jenny be there anything in there ? dr . sherman not what you would expect to see at ten week . jenny not quite ten week . Dr. sherman look at they directly . kindly : dr . sherman Jenny , I be sorry , but there 's no heartbeat . John and Jenny be still , silent . dr . sherman ( cont 'd ) one in six pregnancy end this way . it just happen sometimes , that 's all . I be very sorry . but you be young and healthy and in a couple of month , you can try again . ( then ) why do not you come by my office on you way out and we can talk some more . he exit . John be still hold the blank videotape . he try to hide it from Jenny . he leave . Jenny and John look at each other . jenny how could this happen ? what would I do wrong ? JOHN you do not do anything -- jenny I must have . otherwise , how could I lose it ? 58 . 80 80 continued : ( 3 ) JOHN Jenny , it 's not something you have any control over . it 's like the doctor say , it just happen -- jenny not to I ... I do something wrong . I know it ... I do something wrong . I be sorry , John ... JOHN do not say that -- jenny but I be -- I be sorry -- JOHN I do not need sorry . you do not do anything ! she turn away and begin to cry . John just sit there , stare at the videotape in he hand . outside in the hall , the door to another examine room open and they hear a couple laugh , talk excitedly . Jenny and John look away from each other , they pain make even worse . 81 81 int . car - day ( moving ) John be drive Jenny home . JOHN in a couple of month , we can try again . okay ? Jenny just look out the window . 82 82 ext . 345 churchill - kitchen - day John help Jenny through the kitchen door . marley follow they , circle they wildly , then stop , puzzle , as he look at they . Jenny go into the live room ; marley follow she . JOHN you want some tea ? ( no answer ) hey , you know what I be think ? we still have that ticket from you parent for the honeymoon in Ireland . we can finally do that . ( more ) 59 . 82 continued : 82 JOHN ( cont 'd ) take some time off . it will be fun , clear we head , right ? ( no response ) Jenny ? no answer . he go into the live room and stop cold : JOHN be Pov - jenny &amp ; marley Jenny sit on the couch . marley stand at she foot , with he shoulder between she knee , he big head rest in she lap . his tail hang flat between he leg . his eye be turn up at she , and he whimper softly . Jenny stroke he head a few time and then , with no warning , bury she face in the thick fur of he neck and begin sobbing . they stay like that for a moment , marley statue - still , Jenny clutching he to she like a oversize doll . John stand there , watch marley take care of she . no word , just be there . a lesson here . her head down , Jenny raise one arm up towards John and John go to the couch and wrap he arm around both of they . we then ... fade out . debby ( v.o. ) oh. he 's ... big . 83 int . 345 churchill road - live room - day 83 with difficulty , John hold back marley to protect debby --- 19 , glass , bookish , the house sitter -- from he affection . JOHN yeah . Close to a hundred pound . ( be : the leash struggle ) he just want to say hi . he will not hurt you . just stand still and be calm . you be a dog person , right ? debby well , actually - JOHN - ready ? debby okay ? John release marley who spring on debby , knock she back . shoot draft 3106/07 60 . marley &amp ; I 83 83 continued : debby ( cont 'd ) I be okay ! I be okay ! JOHN he 's not suppose to do that . you have to knee he . anyway , it will not happen the whole time . just maybe when you come home . ( hand she a binder ) this be everything you need to know . 84 84 ext . 345 churchill - day John and Jenny lug they suitcase across the front lawn to the car , marley run around they . debby 's glance through the binder . jenny' voice debby . welcome to we home ! marley be a spirite dog who love interaction . we have never leave he before but we be sure he will behave just as he do when we be at home . they kiss he goodbye . get in the cab and go . debby run to marley , grab he leash and struggle with all she might to hold on to marley . 85 85 int . airplane - day coach . but this be 1991 , and the plane fly half - full . John N read about Ireland in the guide book . Jenny see a woma with a child . she smile . no tear . jenny' voice there be just a few thing about marley you need to know . he eat three time a day . if he look starve , feed he again . of course all this food have to go somewhere . 86 86 ext . 345 churchill - backyard - day debby look at the pile of orange poop everywhere . jenny' voice use the red shovel and the blue bucket . watch you step . do not worry about the color . he like mango . marley &amp ; he shoot draft 61 . 87 87 ext . irish countryside - day John and Jenny enjoy the scenery . sheep in the road surround they car . Jenny lean out , laugh , and take a picture . jenny' voice marley 's ear get a lot of wax buildup . once or twice while we be go , please use cotton ball and the blue ear - clean stuff to clean they out . wear old clothes and try not to breathe . 88 88 int . 345 churchill - kitchen - night debby be throw up in she mouth a little as she clean marley 's ear . marley love it . jenny' voice marley be a excellent watchdog . and in this neighborhood , that 's a good thing . you can rest easy at night , know he 's on the job . 89 89 int . 345 churchill - bedroom - night debby , ear plugge , shade over she eye , weep in frustration as marley howl at the moon . 90 90 ext . irish town - night John and Jenny stop at a bed-and - breakfast for the night . it 's raining softly . jenny' voice thunderstorms be he weak point . well , one of he weak point . you can give he sedative if you think a storm be arrive . he do not like they , so push they down into he throat as far as they go . 91 91 int . 345 churchill - night debby be marley be tear through the house , terrify . chase he with a bottle of tranquilizers . 92 92 int . irish B &amp ; B - night a irish widow , mrs . butterly , lead they to they room . marley &amp ; he shoot draft 62 . 92 continued : 92 john' voice we do not allow marley to get up on any piece of furniture , chew on anything except he toy , drink out of the toilet - keep the lid close and the brick on the lid - 93 93 int . 345 churchill - bathroom - night debby be shower - and then start scream . marley have stick he head through the shower curtain and be lick the water . debby splashes water at he to make he go away . marley , think she 's play , scramble into the tub with she . she grab the curtain , and it pop off the curtain ring one by one as in " , psycho . " john' voice - actually , you might want to keep the bathroom door close in general . 94 94 int . 345 churchill - night debby have run out of the bathroom , a towel hastily wrap around she . marley chase she . he leap - and return to earth with the towel in he mouth . debby scream . 95 95 int . 345 churchill - night debby be stand on a coffee table , nude , swatting at a unseen marley with a bunch of tall artificial flower . john' voice other than that , enjoy he ! thanks so much . Love , Jenny and John . 96 96 int . irish bedroom - night four wall , four different floral wallpaper . twin bed . above one , the Sacred heart of Jesus . above the other , the Sacred heart of Mary . crucifix everywhere you look , and a huge frame picture of Pope John xxiii . mrs . butterly and if you need anything during the night , I be right next door . the blanket be wool . good heat in they . jenny oh , they be electric ? mrs . butterly no , not in this house . my brother die in a fire , God rest he . ( more ) 63. 96 96 continued : mrs . butterly ( cont 'd ) in this room , actually . it 's be be - paper . good night . God bless . Jenny sit on the bed . the creaking be terrible . jenny look , I know we have not have sex since ... you know . but there 's no way we be break the streak tonight . JOHN no kid . ' Cause it 's not just God watch . God , he mother ... ( indicate next door ) .and apparently he best friend . 97 97 int . irish bedroom - later they be in separate bed , stare at the crucifix . JOHN it 's July , but I think I can see my breath . jenny I can not feel my toe . John get out of he bed and into Jenny 's . much squeaking . jenny ( cont 'd ) my God . shhh . JOHN it 's not the mattress . it 's the shriek of over - sex soul in hell . jenny you wanna join they ? he look at she . JOHN be you sure , because we do not have to ... jenny I can not help myself . know it have not happen in this house in 50 year be a turn -on . they roll into each other ' arm , the bed squeaking . 64 . 97 continued : 97 JOHN maybe she 's deaf ... 98 int . irish B &amp ; B - day 98 the next morning . John and Jenny , look flushed and relaxed , and slightly abash , come downstairs . Mrs. butterly look at they sourly . so do the other guest . jenny ( to JOHN ) they hear we . JOHN no ... he jump as Mrs. butterly slam the teapot on the table . mrs . butterly tea ? ( look he in the eye ) I be off to mass . Mrs. butterly leave . John and Jenny look at the other guest . they smile bravely . JOHN wow . any of you hear she bed squeaking last night ? I hope she hit confession before mass , that 's all I can say . 99 int . another B &amp ; B - day 99 another widow , another room , another collection of religious artifact . John smile . 100 int . a third B &amp ; B - night 100 Jenny sit on the bed , smile at the noise , start take off she shoe . John usher the owner out of the room . 101 ext . churchill road - day 101 John and Jenny pull into the driveway . they see debby , the house sitter , on the front step with she bag pack . she 's tired - look , beat . she reach for a pair of crutch . John get out of he car , a smile on he face . JOHN hey , debby . so how be -- - debby hurl the binder of instruction at he . 65 . 101 101 continued : debby there be eleven thunderstorm while you be away . eleven ! and you be right . he do not like thunderstorm ! jenny okay , yeah , wow . eleven , huh ? that be a lot . debby and that goddamn dog tranquilizers do not work ! JOHN do you give he four at a time ? debby I mean on human ! she hobble to the car , try to get in with she crutch . they frustrate she and she end up beat the ground with they until she throw they down . she 's lose it . debby ( cont 'd ) ( as she get in the car ) and just so you know , I be a dog person . but that 's not a dog ! that 's evil with a dog face ! that 's also humping you leg ! lose my number !! and she get into she car and gun it , splintering the crutch as she peel out . John and Jenny , watch she go , turn and look at the front door . marley 's face in the little square window at the top , peek out at they . 102 int . 345 churchill road - day 102 a thunderstorm outside . John sit at he desk , try to work while marley walk in circle . John look at he ... JOHN it 's only thunder ... John go back to work . we hear more thunder , and marley start howling , knock over a floor lamp ... John look off towards the bedroom ... JOHN ( cont 'd ) Jenny ?! can you help I out here ? I get twenty minute to file this column ! we follow John as he get up from he desk , head towards the back bedroom ... 66 . 102 102 continued : JOHN ( cont 'd ) Jenny ? we follow he into the room , a anxious marley close at he heel . she 's not here , he turn around just as she step out of the bathroom , smile ... jenny luck of the irish ... she hold up a pregnancy test with a clear blue line , she exuberant face light up by a flash of lightning . John go to hug she , as marley howl in the b.g. , we then ... fade out . super : " nine month later . " 103 int . 345 churchill - bedroom - night 103 John and Jenny be asleep . marley go through he nighttime routine : he chew through a sock . he drink out of the toilet . he work on chew through the plastic dog food tub . another night and he will be in . he chase a fly . finally he go to he bed on the floor of the bedroom . he settles himself down to sleep . he yawn , he scratch , he close he eye . he snore . and then - he wake up , suddenly alert . he look over at Jenny . he get up , sit by she side of the bed , and wait . suddenly Jenny sit up , rest a hand on she stomach . jenny whoa -- she catch she breath , lean over to John . jenny ( cont 'd ) John . John , wake up . JOHN what ? jenny I think it 's time . 67 . 104 104 int . bedroom - night Jenny have finish dress . suddenly she yelp in pain , double over . John take she in he arm . JOHN it 's okay . jenny ow ! suddenly , a growl . they turn to see marley glaring at John . JOHN it 's okay . I be not hurt she . Jenny moan again and now marley 's eye narrow . he take a step towards John . JOHN ( cont 'd ) please do not scream , honey . he will kill I . jenny you put the car seat in this weekend , right ? they will not let we take the baby home without the car seat install . JOHN like I would forget that . 105 int . live room - night 105 panick , John be struggle to get the car seat he forget out of the box . he start beat at the styrofoam . marley bark excitedly . John get a idea , hand he one end of the box . JOHN come on , marley . help I out here . do what you do best ... unsure , marley lick the box . JOHN ( cont 'd ) no , do not lick it , eat it ! destroy it ! you can chew through drywall , man ! I know you can do this ! marley catch on . he start shredd the box . 68 . 106 int . garage - night 106 John hurl a suitcase and the partially - assemble , partially - destroy car seat into the back seat . he yell : JOHN car seat 's in ! 107 ext . 345 churchill road - night 107 Jenny be totter down the walk as John pull out of the garage , get she into the passenger seat . 108 int . car - night ( stationary ) 108 JOHN ready ? jenny yeah . you ? marley bark from the back seat . they both turn and look at he . what 's he do here ? 109 int . 345 churchill road - night 109 John open the front door , drag marley in . John give he a giant bone -shaped chew toy ... JOHN okay . here ... stay . be good . please , God . no storm . stay . 110 int . 345 churchill road - morning 110 the chew toy now almost completely go . marley sleep beside it as we hear a key in the lock and he get to he foot , greet John as he come through the door . JOHN hey , boy . 111 ext . backyard - morning 111 as John let 's marley out . 112 int . kitchen - morning 112 as John set down a bowl of food , crouch down as marley start to eat . marley &amp ; I Blue revision 3/07/07 69 . 112 continued : 112 JOHN here 's the thing : in a couple of hour , we be gonna bring the baby home . and you would be do I a really big favor if you do not freak out . ( stand , sigh ) I be gonna try and do the same thing . 113 omitted 113 - 114 int . 345 churchill road - morning 114 as the sun now stream in through the front window down onto marley , who be sound asleep . we hear a car door close and he raise he head ... a moment later , the front door open and John come in and marley greet he , jump up on he chest . JOHN hey , boy ... let 's go outside ... 115 ext . backyard - morning 115 as marley relieve himself , John yawn in the b.g. 116 int . bedroom - morning 116 as Jenny unpack she suitcase . marley bound into the room and greet she . jenny hello , marley ... she crouch down , give he a kiss , rub he back . and that 's when we hear a small , birdlike chirp and the dog freeze . where would that come from ? we hear the coo again and this time marley lift one paw in the air like a bird dog , and point in the direction of the car seat that we now see sit on the bed ... JOHN you know what I think would be a bummer ? if he eat the baby ... . harley &amp ; I shoot draft 70 . 116 116 continued : she move to the car seat and turn it around so that now we see the baby for the first time . she smile at marley ... jenny this be Patrick , marley . Jenny unbuckle Patrick from the car seat and crouch down beside marley and let the dog sniff the baby 's toe , then up he leg , finally he diaper which put marley into a pamper stupor , the Holy grail of aromas and marley 's eye glaze ... jenny ( cont 'd ) see , he 's not gonna hurt he . JOHN no , but I be gonna have to put a lock on the diaper pail . 117 ext . 345 churchill - day 117 garbage day , and the trash pile outside the grogan house testify to the change inside . empty carton of diaper , the package from a crib , a stroller , the car seat , the pack'n ' play ... 118 int . 345 churchill - day 118 Jenny try to watch the baby , now crawl around on the floor and file she column over the phone at the same time . jenny I have the quote right here -- Patrick crawl over marley , who 's supremely patient as Patrick take a fistful of he eye . jenny ( cont 'd ) well , have legal call they again and get a release for it . they tell I it be on the record -- marley -- Patrick , that 's he eye -- no , not you , Karla , just get the release . I will call you back . ( hang up ) be gentle , Patrick ! Jenny lean back in she chair , rub she face . then ... jenny ( cont 'd ) ( get up ) Laundry . 71 . 119 119 ext . park - day John sit on a bench , marley at he foot read " what to expect in the first Year . " he take a breath , look up , watch a couple make out on a blanket . 120 120 int . kitchen - morning the baby in he high chair . Jenny set a few cheerios on the tray . Patrick pick they up and drop they , we follow they down ... the floor to where marley wait , eagerly vacuume up the cereal . it continue to rain cheerios and we then boom back up and see that Patrick be now eight month old , laugh as he throw the cereal onto the floor ... 121 ext . backyard - night 121 John stand there let marley out . he look back at the house , watch Jenny through the window as she set Patrick down in he crib , shut the light out . 122 int . 345 churchill - night 122 they be both work at they desk . Jenny look up from she computer . jenny I need to go in tomorrow for a few hour , see my editor . think you can watch the baby for I ? JOHN sure . John look around the room . the place be a disaster area . JOHN ( cont 'd ) remember we ? jenny you mean , that young , skinnier better look people ? yeah , I think I remember they . vaguely . JOHN well , I miss they . he turn back to he work . she look at he , set she pad aside , come up behind he , put she arm around he . 72 . 122 continued : 122 jenny they be still here . he look up at they reflection in the window , not so sure . 123 int . bedroom - night 123 John and Jenny now asleep on opposite side of the bed . on the floor beside John , marley lift he head and growls . we then hear a pierce scream come from outside . the dog be already out of the room . John sit up , immediately start to get out of bed ... JOHN marley - jenny honey , do not go out there . JOHN stay here . call the police . 124 int . live room - same 124 marley 's at the door growl as John , in he boxer short , grab the dog by the choke chain and open the door . we hear another scream come from a couple house down and marley break through the screen , pull John with he ... 125 ext . 345 churchill road - spa 125 as other light come on , neighbor start to come out onto the street . John run to where we see the teenage girl next door bent over , sobbing , in she driveway beside she car , driver 's door still open . John let go of marley and hurry to she . girl he say not to scream or he would stab I , but I scream ... and John see the blood on she shirt . he take hold of she . JOHN okay okay okay , I have get you ... ( then ) where 's you mom ? girl at work ... JOHN Jenny will call she ... 73. 125 125 continued : marley sniff at the ground , growl more and more intensely . we hear shout , " he go that way " as several neighbor take off run . marley lift he head and he , too , bolt into the night --- JOHN ( cont 'd ) marley ! no ! but he 's go and John have to stay with the girl . we hear siren as she slide down the car and sit down on the ground . John sit down beside she , hold onto she ... JOHN ( cont 'd ) all this time we have be live here , I never get you name . girl Lisa . JOHN well , you be gonna be alright , Lisa , the police be on the way ... John look off , wonder where marley be ... 126 ext . 345 churchill road - later 126 a crime scene . Jenny , clutching the baby , stand on the porch watch as a ambulance pull away . John , now in short and a T-shirt , come jogging up the walk . JOHN I can not find he anywhere . jenny maybe we should get in the car , drive around . JOHN I will get the key ... John 's come into the house when a police cruiser pull to the curb in front of the house . a policeman get out of the driver 's side , then open the back and lead marley out . he bound up the walk to the two of they who greet he ... jenny marley ! JOHN where be you ? 74 . 126 continued : 126 officer we find he outside the 76 station on radford . he have the guy cornere in the man 's room . jenny so you catch the guy ? officer no -- ( indicate marley ) jig catch the guy . he also gnaw the barrel of my shotgun , and eat half my radio mic . they look at marley wag he tail , panting . officer ( cont 'd ) anyway , the neighbor all say he belong here , but none of they want to drive he , so ... JOHN thanks for bring he home . officer helluva dog . John nod as the Officer head back to he car . Jenny crouch down and give marley a big hug and a back rub ... jenny my hero . 127 ext . boca raton house - day 127 a upscale , new money neighborhood . a OPEN house sign out front . John pull up . he open the door , hold up a hand to marley who sit in the back -- JOHN stay . -- and start to unhook Patrick from he car seat . marley bolt out of the car and head straight for the house ... JOHN ( cont 'd ) marley ! 75 . 128 int . boca raton house - day 128 a realtor be show a couple around the large , empty , new house . she point out the designer kitchen that look out onto the patio and pool , a huge yellow lab now leaping in . a moment later , we see John , clutching Patrick , enter the backyard , try to haul marley out of the pool . he give up , head for the house , open the back door and peer inside . JOHN hi. the realtor smile awkwardly at he . JOHN ( cont 'd ) can I see a set - up , please ? realtor certainly . ( look at the baby ) first home ? JOHN no , we live up in West Palm , over on churchill ? realtor ooooh . well , I think you would find this neighborhood to be quite a pleasant change . and now marley bolt past he into the house , tracking wet footprint all over the floor , jump up onto the realtor . realtor ( cont 'd ) oh ... my ... hello ... JOHN hey , who 's dog be that ? 129 int . 345 churchill road - day 129 John enter , carry Patrick , supplies to fix the screen . JOHN Jenny ? a wet marley bound into the house , head for the back . John follow . 76 . 130 130 int . bathroom - same the Jenny be crouch on the floor when John appear in doorway . JOHN hey . you alright ? she stand up , smile the best she can . jenny I be fine . where you guy be ? JOHN I wanna show you something . jenny what ? JOHN ( hand she the set up ) a house . ( before she can react ) it 's a little pricey , but I think we can do it . jenny John , I know we have talk about it , but I be not sure this be the right time . JOHN and when would the right time be , Jen ? after one of we get stab in the driveway ? jenny JOHN -- JOHN c'mon , honey , we be cramped in here . this be suppose to be we three - year house , remember ? jenny I know , but we can not afford to buy a new one . JOHN sure , we can . with both we salaries -- jenny yeah , about that ... I do not think I be gonna be able to keep work . ( more ) 77 . 130 130 continued : jenny ( cont 'd ) ( then ) I be pregnant . JOHN what ? be you sure ? she step away , revealing the counter where four pregnancy test be line up , all with the same result : positive . jenny very . 131 int . SUN - sentinal office - day 131 John sit with sebastian at he desk . sebastian already ? I mean , how old 's the one you get ? JOHN about eight month . sebastian Jesus . have not you hear of birth control ? JOHN yeah , well , sometimes it do not work . you know what else do not work ? the one about how " a dog will stop you wife 's biological clock . " sebastian hey , I be not the one , keep get she pregnant . John give he a look , see arnie head into he office , take a breath and get to he foot . JOHN wish I luck . sebastian I be sure he will give you the raise . JOHN how do you know ? sebastian he always give I one . John just shake he head , start for arnie 's office . 78 . 132 132 int . arnie' office - day John sit across from arnie . arnie why should I do this , why be you worth it ? JOHN because I be do a good job ? arnie be you ask I ? JOHN well , since I take over , the column have double in readership ... arnie so you be do a good job . JOHN yes , sir . arnie so why not make it permanent ? JOHN you mean , like forever ? arnie that 's what the word " forever " mean . yes . ( then ) John , you know how many yo yo 's in the other room would kill to have they own column ? you take a piece of crap about towner and turn it into something fresh . ( sit back ) I hate to break it to you , son , but you be a good columnist . JOHN I just have this idea about myself , you know , that I be a reporter . arnie yeah , well sometimes life come up with a better idea . tell you what . you make it a daily column and I will double you salary . how 's that ? 79 . 133 ext . 345 churchill road - day 133 a moving van be park out front . marley run back and forth as the mover load up the truck , John and and a very pregnant Jenny supervise . John see lisa , the girl next door , as she come out of she house . she walk over to he . JOHN hey , Lisa . lisa hi. ( then ) you be leave . JOHN yeah . lisa well , I do not blame you . I just think I would come over and say -- but marley come run over and she crouch down to greet he . she hug he a while ... lisa ( cont 'd ) I be gonna miss you . John watch as she hold on to he a bit longer , thanking he as well . John turn away , start back for the van to give she a moment . she stand up . lisa ( cont 'd ) where you move to ? JOHN boca . lisa huh . JOHN huh ... what ? lisa nothing . I just ... never picture , you know , a guy like you move to boca . JOHN a guy like I ? lisa yeah , you know , young , cool , whatever . 80 . 133 continued : 133 JOHN so you think I be young and cool . and you be not just say that because I save you life ? lisa actually , a paramedic name josh save my life . JOHN right . well , take care , Lisa . oh , wait -- he reach into a move box , pull out a chew - up black converse . JOHN ( cont 'd ) I believe this belong to you . lisa thanks . I will have to chew up the other one to make it match . ( extend she hand ) have fun down there . JOHN yeah . it 's gonna be great . 134 ext . boca raton house - night 134 still beautiful , but now we hear the sound of a baby wailing over ... 135 int . boca raton house - night 135 this be the elegant kitchen we see , bare and uninhabited , several scene ago . now it 's full of the clutter of the grogan ' life . the new baby , conor be scream . we follow Jenny through the new house asshetry to soothe he . jenny shhh , honey . come on . John follow now ... JOHN be he wet ? jenny no . and I can not get a burp out of he . I think it 's colic . 81 . 135 continued : 135 JOHN want I to drive he ? jenny we can not do that every night . from the other room , we hear Patrick crying , " mommy ! " jenny ( cont 'd ) oh , Jesus . JOHN I will do the washer . 136 int . laundry room - night 136 John sit on the washer with he wailing baby . not fun . John look to where marley lie in the corner , watch . JOHN any idea ? 137 int . kitchen - day 137 John be open the cupboard , get cereal and yogurt into a bowl for Patrick . Jenny enter with a fussing conor on she shoulder ... jenny can you take he ? I just need a minute to myself . John take the baby and instantly conor start cry louder . JOHN happens every time . jenny you just need to spend more time with he . 138 int . conor' bedroom - day 138 John put conor on the change table , unbutton he onesie , check he diaper . it 's wet ; he start change he . conor cry throughout . Jenny enter . jenny it 's okay , I will do it . 82. 138 138 continued : JOHN I be do it ! it 's fine ! you tell I to spend more time with he , I do it , and then you take over because I be not do it right . jenny I do not want you change he when you be mad . JOHN I be not mad ! he hear himself , let she change the baby . she take he , sit down with he in a rock chair , try to nurse he ... jenny conor , come on ... conor , please ... she finally stop try , rock the chair , look helplessly at John . jenny ( cont 'd ) I do not know what 's wrong with I . mother be suppose to be able to give they baby everything . JOHN he 's just colicky , Jen . he will grow out of it . jenny okay , here 's a idea , you stay here and I will go to work while he grow out of it . he hold up he hand , what do he say to that . she look up at he a moment . jenny ( cont 'd ) I be just tired , alright ? go on . she then resume try to nurse the baby . he walk out of the room . she rock back and forth , look up with a dark expression as she hear he car start . arnie ( v.0 . ) it 's post partum depression ... 83. 139 int . SUN - sentinal office - day 139 John sit on a stool in front of 'a portable screen while a pretty female photographer adjust she light . arnie sit nearby on a desk watch the portrait ... arnie her hormone be all on tilt and she 's depressed . it happen . after my fourth kid be bear , I would wake up , find my wife just stare at I with a mallet in she hand . I think she be gonna kill I in my sleep . I still do ... ( then ) do you get she the gift ? JOHN yeah . arnie huh . that usually work . arnie get off the desk , say to the photographer : arnie ( cont 'd ) alright , Janice , make he look pretty . the man 's a official columnist now . arnie move off and the photographer look up from she camera and smile at John . he smile back . she keep smile ... so do he ... she finally indicate he hair ... photographer you have a barney sticker in you -- JOHN oh -- thanks . he rake he finger through he hair , grab the offend sticker , look at she ... JOHN ( cont 'd ) I must look like hell ... I do not think I have have a full night sleep in two month . photographer stress ? 84 . 139 continued : 139 JOHN kid . I get one with colic , and another , can not make it through the night without come into my room every two hour . photographer well , I think you be hold up great . you look cute . JOHN really ? photographer yeah , like a cute , exhaust dad . it 's adorable . John just nod stupidly , the dagger so deep in he heart , he will never reach it . she smile at he . photographer ( cont 'd ) you certainly look a lot better than Jerry ever look . I try to get he to take a new picture , but he like the one they take the day he start the column , nineteen year ago . JOHN nineteen year , huh ... and just when he think one dagger be brutal enough , he expression go really pensive . and on that look , we see a flash as she take he picture and go right to : 140 ext . boca raton house - night 140 John pull into he driveway , turn off the car and just sit there . 141 int . JOHN be car - same 141 as John look at the house ... the window all light up . Inside Jenny move about with the baby over she shoulder as Patrick chase marley around the room . John sit in the car , unable to move , just watch the chaos in the window . marley jump up against the glass , stand on he hind leg , paw to the window and look out . he bark and now Jenny come up behind he , haul he off the window and now see John sit in the car . she give he a look that say " what be you do ? get in here ! " John quickly get out of the car ... 85 . 142 int . kitchen - night 142 John and Jenny eat dinner in exhaust silence . Patrick throw he food on the floor where a happy marley wait . conor start cry o.s. and Jenny get up like a robot . JOHN I will get he . John leave the room . Jenny sit there . 143 int . JOHN &amp ; jenny' bedroom - night 143 John and Jenny be in bed asleep . Patrick come into they room . patrick mommy ? Jenny wake up on autopilot . jenny okay , honey , let 's go back to bed . she lead he out of the room . and a second later conor start cry . John lie there a moment , then get up . 144 int . conor be room - night 144 through the doorway , Jenny , she back to we , gently bounce conor on she shoulder . John move into frame ... JOHN Jen , you okay ? reverse - on jenny she 's cry , she back to John who 's now in the b.g. a moment , then ... jenny I be fine . 145 int . kitchen - morning 145 John come into the kitchen just as Jenny take a chew copy of " good-night , Moon " from marley 's mouth ... jenny you ruin it ! bad dog ! she leave the room and John look at the dog . 86 . 145 145 continued : JOHN you just have to eat the book ? what , have you get some kind of death wish ? I be tell you , you better chill , or she will kill you . right after she kill I . 146 146 ext . grocery store - day as Jenny load up the back of the car with bag of grocery . Patrick , sit in the cart , look off and point -- patrick look ! Jenny turn and see a bus , with John 's picture on the side , a advertisement for he column . she watch it pass . patrick ( cont 'd ) daddy ! jenny uh-huh . I see he . and she go back to load the car . 147 147 int . boca raton house - conor be room - day as Jenny gently set a sleep conor in he crib . she quietly back out of the room and shut the door . 148 int . hallway - same 148 as she peer in on Patrick , also napping in he room . 149 int . JOHN &amp ; jenny' bedroom - day 149 as Jenny come in , marley follow and sit down heavily on the bed . she look at marley as he lay down beside the bed . jenny stay . she now lay down and close she eye . a moment of peace . and then , somewhere in the distance we hear a faint beep beep beep as some truck back up . marley lift he head , perk up he ear and listen . please do not bark , dog . please do not bark . beep beep - and marley bark , bolt out of the room ... Jenny open she eye with a start as marley run bark through the house , we hear something crash and break o.s. 87 . 149 149 continued : and now conor 's cry . 150 150 int . live room - day as marley jump up against the window and peer out . Jenny come into the room , see a lamp on its side , a cushion tear open where marley now stand . she grab he by the collar -- jenny why do you do this ?! why do you wreck everything ! why ?!! she haul she hand back to hit he , but hesitates , and just shove he away from she and storm into the other room for conor . 151 151 ext . boca raton house - evening as John pull up , get out of he car . we hear marley bark in the garage . 152 152 int . live room - evening as John come in , see Jenny sit there on the couch . JOHN why 's marley out in the -- jenny I want that dog out of here . JOHN okay . I will take he out . she look up at he . jenny I want you to get he out of here and keep he out of here . JOHN what would he do -- jenny I mean it , John . I want he go . I want he go for good . 153 153 int . SUN - sentinel office - day sees the a sad John post a " dog for sale " sign . a CO - worker sign and smile . 88. 153 153 continued : CO -worker that the dog in you column ? obed ience school ? necklace in the poop ? good luck . put John watch the guy walk off , scribbles a new it up . this one read " E F D to good home . " come up to John . sebastian you give up the dog ? i think yo u love that thing . JOHN Jenny want he out . sebastian that 's harsh , man . JOHN I do not know what else to do . she 's really unhappy . maybe the dog be just one too many thing . sebastian they be all unhappy . trust I . well ... who know ? maybe you will get lucky and nobody will want he . John just nod , think about that . sebastian glance around , then take John aside . sebastian ( cont 'd ) listen , there 's something I gotta tell you . ( then ) I be leave the paper . JOHN what ? sebastian I just give arnie my notice . John look over at arnie 's office , the door 's close . sebastian ( cont 'd ) he 's not too happy about it . he call I a ungrateful quizzling and throw a stapler at I . JOHN you go over to the Post ? 89 . 153 153 continued : ( 2 ) sebastian I be go to New York . sebastian smile . John do not move . sebastian ( cont 'd ) the Gray Lady come court last week . ( then ) Times , I be talk about the New York buddy -- JOHN I know who you be talk about . sebastian you do not seem happy for I . JOHN I be . I be just in shock . I mean , I be in Florida because of you . woodward and bernstein . remember ? that be the idea . sebastian yeah , that be the idea before you decide to be the Andy rooney of South Florida . JOHN I do not decide to be anything -- sebastian exactly . boom . that hurt John . they stand there a moment , consider each other , then . sebastian ( cont 'd ) look , man , you be happy do you thing and I be not try to piss on that . I mean it , you be good at it . I just want you to be the first to know . that 's all . 154 154 ext . lori be house - day the house where John and Jenny buy marley . lori , the breeder , look at marley , sit in the front seat , shake she head sadly . 90 . marley &amp ; he shoot draft 155 155 ext . park - day as John post some more flyer around the park . he drop a flyer and marley , walk beside he , start to eat it ... JOHN smart boy . 156 156 ext . farm - day " broward county dog rescue . " a refuge for dog . John fill out a form ... JOHN the yeah , uh ... Monday , then . give we weekend . employee up to you . John look at the dog in the back , all of they try to get he attention . 157 157 int . SUN - sentinal office - day John be work at he desk when arnie drop a few stack of letter down . arnie this be all response to the column you write last week . John think a moment ... arnie ( cont 'd ) one where you say you may have to give the dog away . JOHN ( look at the letter ) oh . I assume they all want I to keep he . arnie no . they be all say they would take he . arnie move on and John stare at the letter . 158 158 ext . backyard - dusk John walk around the yard pick up marley 's various toy , put they into a box . 91 . 158 continued : 158 marley follow , jump up , try to get the toy back out of the box . John grab a frisbee , look at the dog . JOHN you can not lo any more of this , ok ay ? because they 's e be not gonna keep get you more , and I will not be there to look for they ... he look at marley stand there wag he tail . JOHN ( cont 'd ) you be gonna be fine , alright . I will just be different . maybe e it will , b better , nobody poke you yanking you tail . who know ? could be better . 159 int . kitchen - same 159 Jenny 's be watch . she stand there thoughtfully as John put the frisbee in the box and resume the hunt for the rest of marley 's stuff , the dog follow he . 160 int . bedroom - night 1 60 Jenny 's sit on the bed wait as John come in . JOHN he 's all pack up . Patrick will want to say good - bye , but conor 's too young to -- jenny you can not do this . JOHN what do you mean ? Three day ago , you be pretty clear -- jenny I know , but you can not do it . I will not let you . you can not give away marley . JOHN okay , wait . I be lose . you tell I you do not want he around . what 's happen ? jenny the fact that you would have do something like that , for I , that you love I that much ... ( more ) 92 . 160 160 continued : jenny ( cont 'd ) well , that blow I away . and we be not do this . it be wrong of I to ask . he come over and sit down beside she . JOHN G maybe not , maybe marley be one thin too many . jenny I get overwhelm , John . I mean , be . one tell you how hard it 's gonna JOHN which part ? jenny all of it . Marriage . be a parent . it 's the hardest thing in the world and no one prepare you for that . no one tell you how much you have to give up . ( then ) I . I give up so much of what make I but I be not allow to say that . people think you be a bad person if you say that . but it 's how I feel sometimes , and I need you to know that . JOHN i'm sorry -- jenny it 's not you fault . it 's just something I have to figure out . but marley go , that will not fix anything . JOHN ( nod , then ) okay . jenny ( beat ) okay . she kiss he on the cheek , then get up and go into the bathroom . he sit on the edge of the bed , stare down the hall ... he Pov - marley to how they have at the end of the hall , panting , oblivious both just be spare . 93. 161 ext . mizner plaza - day 161 John and Jenny and marley and the two boy stroll . feel good to be out as a family again . marley want to greet all the boca mini-dogs as they be be walk or carry by they owner . Jenny lean up against John . JOHN I make reservation at sunny 's . think we could all sit outside . jenny sound perfect . ( take he arm ) thank you . 162 ext . sidewalk cape - day 162 they be seat at a outside table , shade by a large round umbrella . John hook marley 's leash to two of the table leg as a waiter bring drink . Jenny hold up she beer . jenny to a perfect day with my boy . behind they a blonde boca Trophy wife , with a poodle on a jewele leash , shriek excitedly as she meet up with another woman , same type , with another small fluffy 'dog . the little dog yip . camera boom down to underneath the table to marley who have spot the poodle and be now lock and load . on JOHN and jenny as suddenly they table suddenly leap away from they and start move down the sidewalk , crash into other table , bang - into waiter with trays , make a terrible noise as it scrape over the faux italian pave stone . the four grogan sit face each other across , they drink suddenly in they lap . marley be pull the table , like a dog with a sled , towards the now - terrify small dog . he be chugge forward with every ounce of rippling muscle he have . jenny ( cont 'd ) marley ! John hurry after the dog ; Jenny stay with the boy . marley &amp ; he shoot draft 94 . 162 continued : 162 as marley - with - table approach the small dog , they break free of they leash and run . several innocent bystander be knock off they foot . there 's a florist kiosk in the center of the plaza ; marley - and - table take out most of the merchandise . Security guard look around wildly . it 's pandemonium , but marley be in heaven . he make a circuit of the entire plaz a , one poor poodle run for she life . finally , back where marley start , the terrify toy poodle leap into Jenny 's arm . marley try to brake - JOHN marley , no ! - and suddenly , he be jerk back . John have tackle the table marley 's drag . marley yelp and land on he bac k , then quickly rights himself , tail wag , the happiest dog in the world . everyone surround they on the plaza have freeze silent . they all stare at marley and the grogan . the poodle jump out of she arm and run to its distraught owner . Jenny 's head be in she hand , she shoulder heaving ... JOHN ( cont 'd ) Jen , you okay ? ( no answer ) Jenny ? and she slowly look up , laughing uncontrollably , she whole body rack , tear in she eye . her laughter become -- --a baby crying and we now go to ... 163 int . delivery room - day 163 as a newborn baby be place on Jenny 's chest ... jenny boy , say hello to colleen ... we pull back to reveal : Patrick , now six and conor four , stand beside the bed with John . they all crowd around " mom " as the nurse now take a picture . on the flash , we ... 95 . 164 164 ext . boca raton house - day John and the boy plant flower in front of the house whilehead up like a marley , chain to a post , lie in the shade , sphynx , the baby , colleen in a portable bassinet beside he . Jenny come outside with some soda for the boy ... jenny John , telephone . conor Mom , look what we do ! 165 165 int . boca raton house - kitchen - sane as John come inside and pick up the phone . JOHN hello ? 166 166 ext . boca raton house - day as John come back out of the house , look stunne . jenny who be on the phone ? JOHN Philadelphia inquirer . she look at he . JOHN ( cont 'd ) they be offer I a job . ( then ) as a reporter . I guess the editor be down here on vacation , read my stuff . jenny what would you say ? JOHN I say thank you very much , but I be happy where I be . I mean , it 's a big change , Florida to Pennsylvania . jenny yes , it be . JOHN anyway . John smile at she , then go to he son ... 96 . 166 166 continued : JOHN ( cont 'd ) c'mon , guy , back to work ... she watch as he kneel down beside the boy , resume digging alongside they . 167 167 int . arnie' office - day John read through a stack of letter ... JOHN well , that 's part of the job . to get reader response . arnie be ? you notice any recur theme the JOHN yeah . we have get a lot of crank in broward County . arnie yeah . include yï¿½gu the last couple month . ( he flip through some ) " .. . if he do not like it here , he from you should move " ... " more whining resident malcontent " ... " be there anything good about Florida accord to Mr. grogan ? " JOHN arnie , I be a commentator . we have get issue here . over -crowd , crime , immigration tension , runaway development - arnie Florida have not sour , John . you have . ( then ) what 's wrong ? JOHN I do not know . maybe it 's turn 40 next week , or maybe ... arnie maybe what ? JOHN maybe I be sick of my column . I do not really think I be all that interesting . 97 . 167 167 continued : arnie be you kid ? you be the comic voice of South Florida 's middle class . you be a national treasure . well , a regional treasure . Municipal treasure , for sure . you be just a little burn out . why do not you take a coupweek off ? consider it my birthday present . 168 168 ext . boca house - night John pull into the driveway , get out . 169 169 int . boca house - night John open the door . he flick on the light and 100 people shout " surprise ! " there be banner hang from the ceiling , read " happy 40th . " Jenny be stand there , hold colleen . conor , age 5 and Patrick age 7 run to they father . jenny happy birthday , honey ! and he kiss Jenny . hug the kid . Jenny watch he as he i en t e d , distract . shake hand , hug they friend , disor 170 170 int . laundry room - night here . John , close John petsdthe dog , rtat es up , g greet John . k JOHN forty . Jesus Christ ... he look at marley a moment , then ... JOHN ( cont 'd ) hey , buddy , you and I be the same age . ( look at marley 's face ) you get more grey hair than I , though ... ( then ) mind if I just hang here for a minute ? and sit on the floor , he back against the wash machine . 171 171 int . bola raton house - later as Jenny bring in a cake with 40 candle on it . John try not to be too take aback by the blaze . 98 . 171 171 continued : JOHN okay , who want to help I here ? kid ? marley , you too . Jenny squat down with the cake , and John and he kid start to blow out the candle . JOHN ( cont 'd ) one , two - and then marley jump the gun , take a huge bite of the cake , light candle and all . JOHN ( cont 'd ) - three . 172 172 ext . boca house - pool - night the guest have go . John sit in a lounge chair , hold out a fork so that marley can lick the cake off of it . most of the float light have go out . Jenny come out . jenny okay , tell the truth , be you really surprised ? JOHN yeah . thanks , jen. she sit down on he lap ... jenny you want you present ? JOHN be it what you give I last year ? because that be real nice -- she hand he a envelope . jenny happy birthday . he open it , pull out a airline ticket . JOHN a plane ticket ? jenny to Philadelphia . so you can talk to the editor of the inquirer . 99 . 172 172 continued : JOHN that be month ago -- jenny I call the editor last week . they would still like to meet you . JOHN Jenny , I could not do that , uproot we . we have get we friend , the school ... jenny first of all , you do not even have the job yet , it 's just a interview . second of all , you do not have that many friend . JOHN thank you . what I be try to say , be that we life be here . jenny baby , I get news for you , we life be wherever we be . and you be not happy here anymore , do that column . you be restless , John . I feel it . I feel it when you read sebastian 's article every day . and I feel it when you sit out in the driveway a extra five minute before you come in . ( then ) maybe it 's time for a change . JOHN I be forty , Jen . seem kinda late for that . jenny not so late . she stand up in the dark , lift she dress over she head . JOHN what be you do ? jenny we be not old , John . we can still surprise ourselves . he sit there stunne as she now dive into the pool . she surface and smile at he . 100 . 172 172 continued : ( 2 ) jenny ( cont 'd ) hey . you want you other birthday present or not ? into John can not get out of he clothes fast enough . he leap the pool and swim over to she , kiss she . jenny ( cont 'd ) we be not old . and then we hear another splash . JOHN uh-oh ... and a moment later marley 's head go bob by . 173 173 int . SUN - sentinal office - day out of he as John pack up he desk . arnie stick he head office . arnie hey , gorgan . John smile to himself , walk over . arnie ( cont 'd ) I just want to say good luck up there . JOHN thank you , sir . arnie also , there 's a good chance that every piece of advice I ever give you , may in fact be total crap . JOHN I appreciate it just the same . they stand there a moment , awkward . then ... arnie this would be where a mushier guy would tell you he 's proud of you , give you a hug , and send you on you way . JOHN really glad you be not that guy , sir . arnie nod , go back into he office and shut the door . shoot draft 101 . marley &amp ; I 174 174 in . airplane - day ( on the tarmac ) the grogan be in the back of the plane . JOHN look . there 's marley ! through the window they can see marley 's crate arrive at the plane on a luggage truck . marley be asleep , heavily drugge . conor start bang on the window . conor hey , marley ! we be up here ! patrick he can not hear you with the engine go . JOHN ( aside to Jenny ) not to mention the tranquilizers . I think he 's already reach he cruise altitude . 175 175 int . plane - later the engine roar up and the stewardess begin she pre-flight safety demonstration . John watch she , smile , relieved they make it this far , when he freeze . a muffled moan be come from beneath he foot . clearly it 's marley . passenger near they frown . passenger be that a dog ? JOHN maybe , I do not know . patrick marley 's sad . marley 's we dog . he 's with the suitcase . John smile weakly at the passenger . JOHN what a imagination , huh ? ( mouthing it : ) we do not have a dog . he make the crazy sign with he finger , gesture at Patrick . the moaning get worse . John just smile tightly . 102 . 176 ext . pennsylvania country road - day 176 fall foliage . beautiful , picture - perfect countryside . the grogan family car wind along the road . marley have he head out the window , tongue wag ... 177 ext . pennsylvania house - day 177 a two -story country house , no neighbor visible . tree , land , woodpile , the whole country live thing . the grogan pile out of the car , look at the house . marley take off run ... JOHN marley ! marley jump into a pile of leave , scatter they everywhere , roll over onto he back and knock over a rake , which fall and break a basement window . JOHN ( cont 'd ) and ... we be home . 178 int . philadelphia inquirer - day 178 as John be introduce to fellow staff and reporter , most of they at least ten year young than he be . he 's show he desk . John sit down at he cubicle , stare out the window at the city . his editor , black , John 's age , approach with a much young reporter ... editor hey , John . settle in okay ? JOHN I be fine , thanks . editor good . I want you to meet billy ... he indicate the twenty - something guy beside he . John and billy shake hand . editor ( cont 'd ) billy 's gonna show you the rope . billy you be the Florida guy , right ? the dog column ... JOHN well , some of they be , but -- 103 . 178 178 continued : billy cute stuff . c'mon , I will show you around . 179 179 ext . pennsylvania house - bedroom - day January . John wake up . marley be whimper at he . JOHN what ? and then conor and Patrick burst into the room . patrick it 's here ! 180 180 ext . pennsylvania house - day White everywhere . the family and marley trudge into the snow , unused to they boot and snowsuit . marley jump around , bark like he 's a puppy again . 181 181 ext . hill - day the kid slide down the hill in a toboggan . John be at the bottom to catch they . up at the house , Jenny call ... jenny okay , time for lunch ! JOHN I will bring this in . go on up . the kid and marley head up to the house . John drag the toboggan up the hill . he pause at the top and look down at the toboggan run . he get on the toboggan . jenny honey , what be you do ? JOHN I can not remember the last time I ride on a toboggan .. jenny exactly . he start slide down the hill . marley run for he as he build up speed ... JOHN marley , no ! 104 . 181 continued : 181 but marley jump onto John 's lap as they get go ... on the toboggan Flying down the hill . marley be much heavier than the kid , and they sail past the place where the kid stop , through the wood , barely miss tree and low-hanging branch , toward : jenny John ! the creek ! the toboggan bump over the crest of a small hill and sail through the air , landing with a crash on the iced - over creek . John and marley tumble into a snow bank on the opposite side . a moment . but then marley jump up and wriggle in delight . John painfully unfold himself , check for injury . marley come up and romp with he . JOHN hey ... wanna do it again ? jenny John ! 182 int . pennsylvania house - night 182 John shut off all of the light , head upstairs . we follow he up the stair . he stop near the top , peer through the bannister into ... 183 patrick bedroom - night 183 from the low angle of the stair , Patrick lie on he side , sleep . and then we see marley 's head rise and reveal itself as marley lift it to look at John stand there . he would be lay there on the bed behind Patrick . he look at John , know he 's not suppose to be there , but ... JOHN that 's alright , pal . I will not tell . ( then ) we kick ass down that hill , do not we ? John smile at he and continue up to bed . 184 ext . country road - afternoon 184 early spring . the snow have melt . marley , still as a statue , sit at the side of the road , wait . suddenly , he stand up and start to wag he tail . 105 . 184 184 continued : a moment later , a yellow dot appear on the horizon . as it get closer , marley get more and more excited as we now see that the dot be a school bus . it pull to a stop beside marley . conor and Patrick get off and be greet by marley . patrick hey , boy . we hold wide on there back as the boy start up the road towards home , marley bound between they , nip at Patrick 's backpack . 185 185 ext . pennsylvania house - dusk John pull up as the boy now throw a football back and forth while marley leap into the air , try to intercept it . John get out of the car , clap he hand , hold they up ... JOHN hit I , I be open ! Patrick throw the ball to John who catch it , mock stiff - arm he way to the front step with the boy now hang off he as he give the play- by-play ... JOHN ( cont 'd ) my God , look at grogan - - two three - hundred pound linemen literally hang off he , but he will not be deny ! and now marley jump on they . JOHN ( cont 'd ) ohhh , out of nowhere , a brutal hit from the strong Safety and the unthinkable happen ... grogan goe down ... and he collapse with the boy at the foot of the . step , marley all over they , lick whatever face he can get . colleen come out the front door , stand at the top of the step ... colleen mommy say dinner and take off you shoe . JOHN alright ... c' mon guy ... they all get up , start up the step . marley follow , take one step when he hind leg buckle . John look back at he . 106 . 185 185 continued : JOHN ( cont 'd ) you okay , boy ? c'mon ... marley try the second step and again he leg give out . he look up at they ... conor what 's wrong with he , daddy ? patrick ( quickly ) nothing 's wrong . he 's just tired . right , dad ? John see the way Patrick be look at he , know he 's protect he little brother . JOHN that 's right . football just take it out of he . c'mon , let 's give he a hand . and now the three of they go to marley , help he up the stair . 186 186 int . philadelphia inquirer - editor' office - day John sit across from the editor . JOHN too much color . editor yeah , I mean , do not get I wrong , it 's a good piece , but ... you be report now , John . I want you to tell the story , I do not want you to be in the story -- JOHN I be pretty sure I do not mention myself -- editor the point be , I still feel you in there . John sit there , think about that . editor ( cont 'd ) all I be say be : less you , more fact . 107 . 187 187 int . pennsylvania house - night marley snore on the floor while John , Jenny and the kid all watch a movie together . suddenly , they all take a whiff , then wince at once ... conor marley ! they all begin wave they hand in front of they face . jenny I think someone need to go out . JOHN ( get up ) come on , boy ... marley get to he foot , follow John to the front door . 188 188 ext . pennsylvania house - night rain fall as John open the door and marley trot outside . 189 189 int . pennsylvania house - same as John come back into the room a moment ... JOHN it 's pour out there ... he grab he slicker and head back out ... 190 190 ext . pennsylvania house - same as John return , step outside , but marley be nowhere to be see . John , clap he hand and whistle ... JOHN marley ! now Jenny appear in the front door . jenny what 's wrong ? JOHN he 's not come . jenny marley ! John start off into the dark ... 108 . 190 190 continued : JOHN he can not be too far ... 191 191 ext . dirt road - night as John trudge through the rain look for the dog . 192 192 ext . barn - night Jenny look in the barn , the garage ... 193 193 ext . pennsylvania house - kitchen - night she look at John come into the kitchen - without marley . he with concern ... he start out of the room . JOHN he will show up . 194 194 int . upstair - boy bedroom - night John be tucking the boy in . JOHN he 's just out explore . you know how much he like the wood . patrick Bobby say dog , when they be go to die , they go away to do it . that 's what he beagle do . JOHN and that 's true ... for beagle . but not lab like marley . he 's just out there make trouble somewhere . do not worry ... 195 195 int . bedroom - night John 's on the phone to neighbor ... JOHN okay . well , if you see he ... thanks . he hang up , go to the window . JOHN ( cont 'd ) I be gonna get in the car , maybe drive over to -- ( he see something ) Jenny . shoot draft 109 . marley &amp ; I 196 196 ext . front lawn - night John and Jenny run to 'a tree at the edge of the property . marley lie on the ground , in a hollow , hide from view from the hill above . his belly be swollen , he face draw . it 's clear he 's very ill . JOHN it 's okay , boy , it 's okay ... 197 197 int . veterinary treatment room - night John stand with dr . platt , a female vet . marley lie on the floor in a dog bed , a iv be go into he paw . dr . platt he 's on a iv for fluid and a sedative . JOHN so what happen ? dr . platt his stomach twisted . he eat or drank something quickly , take in a lot of air and he stomach flip . I get a tube down which let out some of the gas . I think i untwist it . JOHN so he 's okay ... dr . platt for now . but once this happen , it almost always happen again . and if it do , there 's not gonna be anything I can do . he 's too old for that kind of surgery . JOHN what if it do not happen again ? dr . platt more than likely , it will . JOHN but what if it do not ? dr . platt I just think you should prepare yourself that he might not make it through the night . ( more ) 110 . 197 197 continued : dr . platt ( cont 'd ) ( then ) maybe one percent of dog ever survive this -- JOHN one percent ? what 's that number base on ? dr . platt Mr. grogan -- JOHN I will tell you what it 's base on : regular dog . ( get work up ) Lady , we be so far from ' regular " , you have no idea . ( indicate marley ) my guy here ... he once eat a entire answer machine , and digested it . then go back and eat the phone for dessert . so do not give I number like " one percent , " because you do not know he . but I do , and I will see he in the morning . we track with JOHN as he storm out of the exam room , walk down the hall , go through wait room , then he pass US as he go out into the dark parking lot , walk to he car and stop . we stay behind he as he lean with one hand on he car , and do not move . 198 198 int . kitchen - night Jenny 's sit at the table look through a thick album when John come in . she look up at he expectantly . JOHN we be just gonna have to wait and see . if he make it through the night , I think we will be alright . he notice the album . JOHN ( cont 'd ) what be you look at ? jenny you old column . he 's in a lot of them . 111 . 198 198 continued : John rotate the album for a better look . JOHN you save this ? jenny every one . he look up at she . jenny ( cont 'd ) even on the crappiest day , when the boy be drive I nut and the laundry be not do and a hundred other thing be hard , I know I have this . ( tap the book ) five minute of you . sometimes they be funny and sometimes they be sad , or silly or whatever , but they be all you . and for that five minute , you make I feel better . she get up , come over to he , lean down and kiss he head . then , as she start out ... jenny ( cont 'd ) you should read they . they be pretty great . 199 199 ext . pennsylvania house - dawn the sun just come up . we hear a phone ring over . 200 200 int . kitchen - sane as John , he head on the table , asleep , pop up at the sound of the ring and grab the phone . JOHN hello ? ( listen , then ) alright . thank you . he hang up , see Jenny now stand in the doorway , tie she robe , look at he anxiously . JOHN ( cont 'd ) he 's come home . 201 201 ext . pennsylvania house - evening as John pull up . he get out of the suv , walk around and open the back window and now marley sit up into view . 112 . 201 201 continued : colleen ( o.s. ) marley 's back ! John open the tail gate just as the kid come rush onto the porch , marley 's tail wag as he 's lift out of the car and set on the ground , the kid now surround he ... 202 202 int . sebastian' apartment - new york CITY - day loft. downtown . full of unpack box . a mattress on the floor . expensive electronics sit atop they carton . John follow sebastian on a " tour . " JOHN Nice place . how long you be here ? sebastian two year , little more . sebastian see John look at all of the unpack box . sebastian ( cont 'd ) I be in and out of town so much I really have not have a chance to settle in . I hire a decorator , but she and I get into a thing and it get messy -- JOHN right . sebastian beer ? JOHN I can not , I still get one more interview to do . a sebastian open the fridge revealing nothing but beer and hunk of Parmesan . sebastian what 's the piece again ? JOHN U.N. sebastian right , you tell I that . so you be down in Philly now , huh ? JOHN just outside . more space for the kid . 113. 202 202 continued : sebastian whatta you get , five now ? JOHN Three . here 's a picture of everybody ... John pull a photo from he wallet , hand it to sebastian . sebastian ( nods ) Jenny 's hold up . JOHN ( ignore the callowness ) yeah , she 's great . and that 's colleen we youngest ... sebastian what 's with the ladybug get-up ? JOHN ( smile at the memory ) oh , yeah , that 's a funny story . she have do this pageant at she preschool two week before , but she do not wanna take off the costume , plus marley go ballistic for the antenna which be why it look like he 's try to eat she head . sebastian ( flat ) yeah , that be funny . ( return the photo ) so I be think later on maybe thai ? there 's this new place in the meat pack District . how 's that sound ? be just like old time . John stand there a moment , feel the distance between they . JOHN uh , well , actually I be head back home later today . sebastian oh. JOHN in fact , I should probably get go ... 114 . 202 202 continued : ( 2 ) sebastian alright . ( awkward man- pat hug ) good see you , man . JOHN for sure . sebastian ( walk he out ) oh , hey , be sure to check out the delegate Lounge at the u.n ... great mojitos , really hot interpreter . JOHN thanks for the tip . and John go out the door . sebastian take out he blackberry , dial ... sebastian hey , it 's sea-bass . what be you up to tonight ? ( then ) oh . no , that 's cool . another time then . he hang up , stand there in the middle of he big , empty apartment a moment . he then dial another number . sebastian ( cont 'd ) hey , it 's sea-bass . what 's go on ? 203 203 ext . pennsylvania house - day as a cab pull away and John carry he suitcase up onto the porch . 204 204 int . pennsylvania house - day John enter the house , set down he suitcase . JOHN hello ? anybody home ? he see a note ( " picking up the kide . J " ) , and peer into : the kitchen where marley be up on he hind leg , eat something off the counter . John put he key down , but marley do not react . John sneak up behind he . marley keep eat the grill cheese sandwich off the plate ... 115 . 204 204 continued : JOHN ( cont 'd ) marley ? hey , boy . marley look up briefly as if he hear something , but then return to eat . John be right behind he . John reach out and touch marley , and marley jump , totally guilty . then he turn and greet John . JOHN ( cont 'd ) what 's the matter , boy ? you do not hear I ? huh ? he look at the dog a moment , thoughtful , then ... JOHN ( cont 'd ) let 's go for a walk . 205 205 ext . hill - day as John walk marley off leash up a hill . at one point , John have to stop and wait for marley to catch up . JOHN come on , boy , just a little further to the top ... marley come up , panting , eye wet and happy . John look at he , can see how tired he be . JOHN ( cont 'd ) you know what , this be a good spot right here . John look out at the valley below , settles down onto the damp earth beside marley . JOHN ( cont 'd ) let 's just sit for a while . the two of they sit there , look out at the beautiful countryside below . John stroke marley for a moment . look at the grey hair , the tired eye that now look back at he . JOHN ( cont 'd ) hey . so ... you be gonna tell I , right ? when it 's time ? because I do not wanna make that decision on my own . so you just let I know when you be ready , okay ? marley rest he chin on John 's arm . 116 . 205 205 continued : JOHN ( cont 'd ) okay . 206 206 int . upper hallway - night Jenny be at the top of the stair . jenny marley ? ( turn to John ) have you see he ? JOHN he 's not up here . 207 207 int . live room - night a John and Jenny find marley lie peacefully in front of the die fire . JOHN I guess I could move he bed down here . John sit down beside marley . JOHN ( cont 'd ) man . he 's always sleep with we . now he can not even make it upstairs . jenny he look pretty comfortable to I . ( then ) I will go get he bed . JOHN hey Jen ? why do not you grab a blanket for I , too . she nod , start back up the stair . John grab a pillow from the couch and lay down beside marley . JOHN ( cont 'd ) this be a good spot . I may never sleep upstairs again . jenny ( o.s. ) hey . scooch over . he look up and see that Jenny 's bring a blanket . she lie down with they . John put he arm around they both . marley 's tail begin gently pound the floor . 117 . 207 207 continued : jenny ( cont 'd ) just like old time . thump . thump . 208 208 int . philadelphia inquirer - day John sit across from he editor . JOHN it would be twice a week . six hundred word . editor and what 's the subject ? JOHN everyday stuff . the stuff we all go through . but funnier . editor I do not get it . I think you come here to be a reporter . JOHN I do , but I think we both know that be not I . I be a columnist . a good one . a secretary stick she head in the office ... secretary John -- you wife 's on the phone . she say it 's important ... JOHN I will be right there . ( to the editor ) think about it . 209 209 int . pennsylvania house - day Jenny on the phone , look out into the backyard . jenny I can not get he back inside . he 's lie out there in cold ... and he will not move ... 210 210 ext . pennsylvania house - day late afternoon . John 's car pull up . 118. 211 int . pennsylvania house - dine room - day 211 Jenny and Patrick be sit on the floor . marley be lie on the dining room floor , breathe heavily . jenny Patrick come home and we get he here . Dr. Platt say if he 's comfortable , leave he here for a while and see . but he 's no better . John kneel down by marley , who look at he but do not wag he tail or lick he hand . he run he hand over he coat - then over he stomach , the dog flinch . JOHN I be take he in . the kid all come into the room , colleen carry a stuff sheep . colleen be he sick again ? JOHN yeah , he be , honey . but I be go to take he to the hospital and they ' will try to make he better . conor bend down , nuzzle marley 's face . conor get better , mar. colleen you can take lamby , okay ? ( she put the stuff animal next to he ) but do not chew she other ear off . Patrick lean down , hug marley tightly and whisper right in he ear : patrick Goodbye . when he look up at he father , John can see that Patrick 's cry , that he know what the other two do not . 212 ext . vet' - night 212 John lift marley out of the car . marley seem a little more alert . 119 . 212 212 continued : JOHN you wanna walk ? he set he down gingerly . hesitantly , marley walk over to the tree that countless dog have peed on , sniff it , then look around . John look around , too . it 's a crisp spring night in Pennsylvania . take a breath ... JOHN ( cont 'd ) Nice night , huh ? marley look around , then look at John . there 's something in he expression . John nod , know what he 's say . JOHN ( cont 'd ) okay , boy . ( as marley move close ) okay . John , he heart break , bend down to carry marley up the front step of the clinic . 213 213 int . vet waiting room - later John stand as Dr. Platt come out ... dr . platt I do everything that work before . but no luck . there 's still surgery , but he be -- JOHN -- not strong enough . dr . platt there 's blood in he stomach . the lining might be compromise . I do not know what we will find if we go in there anyway . JOHN can you give I a minute ? I need to ... I need to call my wife . 214 214 ext . parking lot - night John 's on he cell phone ... JOHN ( into phone ) it 's I . it 's the stomach thing again . nothing 's work . they could do surgery , but ... 120 . 215 215 int . pennsylvania house - kitchen - night Jenny listen to John on the phone . jenny I know . Jenny nod as tear come . they stay on the phone , quiet , just be with each other . finally : jenny ( cont 'd ) I love you , John . 216 216 ext . parking lot - night JOHN ( into phone ) I love you . 217 217 int . examining room - night John enter . marley be on the table , zonk out . Dr. Platt have put a blanket on the cold metal table so marley be warm . dr . platt I will give you some time . she go . John stare down at marley . take the stuff lamb out of he pocket , place it under a paw . when John put a hand on he flank , marley 's eye flutter open . his tail thump gently . JOHN hey , buddy . he pet marley 's head , run he hand all over marley 's body . his coat , still shed . his tail . he take up each paw , each ear , remember and memorize at the same time . he lean down , put he nose on marley 's neck and breathes he in . then he go around , squat down so he 's on marley 's level . he look into marley 's eye . JOHN ( cont 'd ) listen , you know all that stuff we always say about you ? what a total pain you be ? the world 's worst dog ? well , do not you believe it . do not believe it for a minute . you love we , every day , no matter what . and that 's a pretty amazing thing . ( he lean in ) ( more ) 121. 217 continued : 217 JOHN ( cont 'd ) look , I do not know where you be go from here , but you remember this : you be a great dog , marley . you be a great dog . 218 int . pennsylvania house - bedroom - night 218 in the bedroom , Jenny sit on the bed , the phone in she hand , wait , we begin pulling away down the hallway . 219 int . clinic - night 219 Dr. Platt be in the room now . John , he hand on one of marley 's paw , kneel on the ground , look at marley , marley lay on the table , look right back at he . dr . platt he will not feel a thing . he will just slip away . be you ready ? JOHN ( look at marley ) we be ready . Dr. Platt insert the needle into the i.v. and press the plunger . 220 int . pennsylvania house - night 220 as a pajama-clad Patrick slip a tape into the vcr ... 221 int . clinic - night 221 as we now hold on marley' eye , slowly beginning to close . 222 int . pennsylvania house - bedroom - night 222 as Jenny sit vigil by the phone , we continue pulling back . 223 int . pennsylvania house - night 223 as Patrick sit alone in the dark live room , he face illuminate by the tv , as he watch silent image from grogan family home video : two - year-old patrick ride on marley 's back through the house at 345 churchill , young marley 's tail knock over everything within range , toddler and dog both joyous . 122. 224 224 int . clinic - night as marley 's eye finally close . the camera drift to John 's hand , stroking marley 's side . Dr. Platt listen to marley 's heart and say : dr . platt he 's go . from above , the dog on the table , the doctor discreetly go to the side , and John lay he head next to marley and put he arm around he as we now ... 225 225 ext . pennsylvania house - day as the five grogan walk across the-property . colleen sit on John 's shoulder . they reach a clear where we see a small grave have be dig . John set colleen down ... colleen he 's wrap in he blanket ... JOHN so he will be warm . jenny you guy want to read you letter ? colleen mine be a picture . of I and marley . and grasshopper . and ice cream . mommy write what I say . " dear marley . I will never forget you , forever . " and that be kiss . JOHN it 's beautiful , honey . he will like it . Drop it in . conor ? conor read he piece of paper . conor " dear marley . I love you all my life . I hope you like heaven and that there 's lot to chew on . you brother , conor Richard grogan . " John put he hand on conor 's shoulder as conor drop in the letter into the grave . jenny Patrick ? do you want to say anything ? 225 225 continued : patrick he know . jenny I would like to give he something . Jenny reach behind she neck and unclasp the gold necklace John give Jenny when she first get pregnant . jenny ( cont 'd ) this little necklace have be on quite a journey . John smile at she , remember . so much share history . JOHN you dad give this to I to celebrate the beginning of we family . but you know what ? we family have already begin . she look into the grave , gently set the necklace atop the blanket , let she hand rest there a moment , then stand up . jenny good-bye , clearance puppy . dissolve to : 226 ext . grave site - later 226 John put few big stone on top of the tamped - down earth . he sit on he haunch beside the grave , look up at the house across the yard . JOHN be Pov - the house all light up . we see the kid sit by the fire while Jenny move about the kitchen get dinner ready . John sit there watch they . watch he family . the family that both he and marley grow up in . he give the fresh dirt a final , loving pat and then , as the last bit of sun go down , he stand up , and head for home . fade out