MARRIAGE story written and directed by noah baumbach Black . charlie ( v.o. ) what I love about Nicole ... int . theater . manhattan . day Nicole , early 30' , appear out of the dark . charlie ( v.o. ) she make people feel comfortable about even embarrassing thing . we remain close on she face in shadow . she 's very still and very serious . charlie ( v.o. ) she really listen when someone be talk ... ext . flatbush avenue , park slope , brooklyn . day her come out of a subway . a young '' funny '' aspca solicitor stop she . solicitor hey , you look like you care about animal ? nicole charlie ( v.o. ) I do . --. sometimes she listen too much , for too long -- she 's a good citizen . the kid launch into he pitch . she listen intently and start write down she phone number . charlie ( v.o. ) she always know the right thing to do when it come to difficult family shit . int . charlie and nicole's apartment . day Charlie be sulk . a hand hold out a phone . nicole ( 0.s. ) just call he . charlie no . nicole ( 0.s. ) charlie call he . no. nicole ( with real empathy ) call he . he reluctantly grab the phone . charlie ( v.o. ) I get stick in my way and she know when to push I and when to leave I alone . int . charlie and nicole 's apartment . another day she cut they son , ( 8 year old ) Henry 's hair . we see Charlie sweeping up . charlie ( v.o. ) she cut all we hair . cut Charlie 's hair . we see the kid sweeping up . cut she own in the mirror . Charlie and the kid play in the background . she sweep up she own hair . charlie ( v.o. ) she 's always inexplicably brewing a cup of tea that she do not drink . int . charlie and nicole's apartment . several day a kettle whistle . still life of mug of tea on window sill , bookshelve , Henry 's toy shelf , on the floor ... all the kitchen cabinet be open . Charlie close drawer , pick up shoe . Charlie hit he head on the corner of a open cabinet . charlie ( v.o. ) and it 's not easy for she to put away a sock , or close a cabinet , or do a dish , but she try for I . a frame photo of Nicole , Sandra ( she mom ) and cassie ( she sister ) stand in the front lawn of a Hollywood home . Nicole be pretend to step on the recline dog . charlie ( v.o . ) Nicole grow up in LA around actor and director and movie and tv and be very close to she mother , Sandra , and , cassie , she sister . int . charlie and nicolem apartment . another day Charlie rip open a present . it 's a trumpet . charlie ( v.o . ) Nicole give great present . she be a mother who play -- really play -- she never step off play or say it 's too much ( and it must be too much some of the time ) . ext . prospect park , brooklyn . day she and Henry play in the park with Star Wars figure . the kid make high pitch sound for the fight . henry arrrh , waaa , urgh ... nicole henry arrgh -- no , he 's dead . nicole my guy be dead ? henry he 's dead but you can use this guy . nicole charlie ( v.o. ) ( take that guy ) she 's competitive . arrrhhggg -- int . charlie and nicolem apartment . another day Nicole , Charlie and Henry be play Monopoly . nicole goddammit ! I be just in jail ! Henry and Charlie look at each other and laugh . nicole do not laugh at I . I be serious . do not laugh at I ! int . henry 's room . another night Nicole be read to Henry in bed . she 's fall asleep while read , but still manage to read . charlie ( v.o. ) she 's a great dancer . infectious . she make I wish I could dance . int . theater . night Nicole put on a song and get people to dance at a cast party . charlie ( v.o. ) she always say when she do not know something or have not read a book or see a film or a play ( whereas I fake it or say something like , '' I have not see it in a while . '' ) she keep the fridge over - full . no one be ever hungry in we house . she can drive a stick . int . charlie and nicolem kitchen . another day Charlie 's try to open a jar of pickle . he struggle . he knock it on a table . grab a dish towel and try it that way . no luck . charlie ( v.o. ) she 's amazing at open jar because of she strong arm , which I have always find very sexy . int . charlie and nicole 's apartment . another day on tv , a young Nicole ( act in a movie ) be part of a raucous college party . nicole in the movie you might as well get what you pay for ! she grab she shirt and lift it -- we pause mid-lift before it come off . charlie ( v.o. ) she 's brave . after that movie , all over the girl , she could have stay in LA and be a movie star , but she give that up to do theater with I in New York . int . theater . day we be back to the first image of she face in half - shadow . suddenly she walk forward and into a spotlight . charlie ( v.o . ) my crazy idea be she favorite thing to figure out how to execute . she walk across the floor and climb ( scale like a rock - face ) the body of a male actor . charlie ( 0.s. ) try it crawl but also stand . we see that she 's on a stage , rehearse for a play . charlie ( v.o. ) she 's my favorite actress . int . theater . same day close on Charlie , early 30 's , in deep think . a warm yellow glow on he face . nicole ( v.o . ) what I love about Charlie ... Charlie be undaunted . he never let other people 's opinion or any set-back keep he from what he want to do . int . pizzeria , park slope , brooklyn . day Charlie eat sloppily with Henry at a pizza place . he suddenly stand up and walk around to Henry 's side . he ask Henry to raise he arm . he lift Henry 's sweater up over he arm and turn it around to face the right way . nicole ( v.o . ) Charlie eat like he 's try to get it over with and like there will not be enough food for everyone . a sandwich be to be strangle while devoure . but he 's incredibly neat and I rely on he to keep thing in order . int . charlie and nicole 's apartment . late day Nicole be read in a room . all the light go out . she look up . Charlie be at the switch . charlie sorry . nicole ( v.o. ) he 's energy conscious . he turn they back on . nicole ( v.o. ) he do not look in the mirror too often . he cry easily in movie . ext . movie theater . day he and Henry exit a movie theater . both of they be cry . henry I cry four time . charlie I too . I wonder if it be the same four . nicole ( v.o ) he be very self - sufficient -- he can darn a sock and cook himself dinner and iron a shirt . int . charlie and nicolem kitchen . eve he 's cooking - it 's elaborate . there be a lot of pot , a lot of steam . Henry be '' help . '' henry ( hold up a knife ) the pepper be cut ! nicole ( v.o. ) he rarely get defeat ( which I feel like I always do ) . int . charlie and nicolem apartment . another day Nicole be raging about something . nicole ( v.o. ) Charlie take all of my mood steadily , he do not give in to they or make I feel bad about they . he 's a great dresser , he never look embarrassing which be hard for a man . int . tennis bubble . day Charlie be serve in a tennis game . nicole ( v.o. ) he 's very competitive . he double fault . charlie ( to himself ) goddammit Charlie ! get it together . int . charlie and nicole 's bedroom . night Henry walk into they bedroom and tap Charlie on the shoulder until he wake up . henry ( whisper ) I have a bad dream . nicole ( v.o. ) he love be a dad , he love all the thing you be suppose to hate , like the tantrum , the waking up at night . int . henry 's room . same he put Henry back to sleep . Henry do not want to sleep . they compromise with Charlie sleep on the floor . then Henry climb down and sleep with he on the floor . then Charlie slip out and get into the bed . then the kid get into the bed with he . nicole ( v.o. ) it 's almost annoying how much he like it , but then it 's mostly nice . int . subway / platform . day he and Henry read on the subway . the door close . the train lurch forward . Charlie look up suddenly . nicole ( v.o. ) he disappear into he own world . he and Henry be alike in that way . charlie shit ! henry what 's '' shit ? '' charlie that be we stop ! int . restaurant . night nicole ( v.o. ) he can tell people they have food in they tooth or on they face in a way that do not make they feel bad . Nicole , from across a table pick something from between she tooth , she look back up at Charlie who be off - camera , and smile . it 's still there . she start digging for it again . int . theater office . day nicole ( v.o. ) Charlie be self - make -- he parent -- I only meet they once -- but he tell I there be a lot of alcohol and some violence in he childhood . Henry play on the floor . Charlie lead a meeting with he set decorator and Nicole and the stage manager around a big table . they reference a model of the stage set . nicole ( v.o. ) he move to New York from Indiana with no safety net and now he 's more a New Yorker than any New Yorker . int . theater . another day Charlie be pass out coffee to all the actor and crew member of they theater at the beginning of a rehearsal . he 's get everyone 's drink right , and buy they all himself . nicole ( v.o. ) he 's brilliant at create family out of whoever be around . charlie nicole ( v.o. ) I make sure they use the with the theatre company he right almond milk -- cast a spell that make everyone feel include . no one , not even a intern be unimportant . he could remember all the inside joke . charlie ( hand a intern a coffee ) and where do you go when it 's windy ?! young intern ( laugh , flatter , remember ) oh yeah , that be funny ! int . theater . previous day we return to the close - up of Charlie . he sit in the back of a empty theater take note , the small yellow read light illuminate he face . he watch Nicole , in rehearsal , climb up onto the actor as she do earlier . charlie let 's stop there . Nicole , up almost atop the actor 's head , turn to he with a look that ask , '' be that ok ? '' Charlie nod . int . mediator 's office . day close on a sheet of paper : we can see write everything we just hear . mediator ( 0.s. ) who want to start ? Nicole , no make - up , in a baggy sweatshirt and jeans , sit in a chair , not say a word , stare at a piece of paper in she lap . nicole I be not go to read this out loud . mediator ( 0.s. ) why be that ? nicole I do not like what I write . 10 . we see now that she and Charlie be sit in two adjacent chair in a office on the Upper West side . a male mediator , 50' , in a sweater vest wear too many ring , tightly cross -legge , face they . mediator as we mediate you separation and eventual divorce , thing can become quite contentious , so I like to begin with a note of positivity . for the people I work with to remember why they get marry in the first place . and so , that as you come apart , you be remind that this be a person you have great feel for and maybe still do in many way -- charlie ( hold up he phone ) I ' 1l read mine . I like what I write . mediator for it to really work , you both have to read -- nicole ( fold up she paper ) I be not go to . mediator charlie ok -- she always say I can not write . but I think mine be pretty good . mediator Nicole , maybe you will change you mind once you hear Charlie 's . nicole ( look at he now ) I do not want to hear Charlie 's . charlie we promise to listen . mediator that 's right , that 's the very first step in this process . Nicole stand up , suddenly furious . 11 . nicole well , I think I 'il go if you two be just go to sit around and suck each other 's dick ! a hubbub of protest then : int . theater . night audience member watch , rapt . Nicole be on -stage in a red dress . a black and white video of she face project on either side of she . on stage , she deliver she line in a almost life - less way while the video Nicole be very animated and emotional . Charlie sit in the back of the theatre - - she can not see he face , but she know where he be . she continue speak , look into the audience when several body approach she , turn she to she side and carry she off like a stiff roll - up rug . Charlie see she look and be sad and disturb and stop write he note for a moment . behind she , a portal open up , the stage be awash in red light and the company member carry she through the door . int . restaurant . night close night party . the whole company be there celebrate , this be clearly they spot . there 's a piano , and name be pull from a bowl and people take turn sing . investor mingle as well , notable for the disobedient air of people who should not be '' downtown . '' a woman , 30s , Mary Ann , also the stage manager ( we see she earlier in rehearsals ) , sit in a booth with the costume designer , donna , 40' . she look over at Charlie ina booth in the corner , surround by member of the troupe . he work on a beer and make more note in a book . mary ann do you think I can go over there now ? donna , turn and we swing over to : Nicole , on the other side of the room at a table flanke by other member of the cast and crew . donna not yet . 12 . on Charlie 's end of the room , Frank , a older actor , carry on with Terry , a young one . frank ... Charlie give I the note - but it 's really for you : he tell I to pick up my cue . terry how be that for I ? frank acting be reacting - I be respond to you and you be slow I down . actor 3 ..-hey , hello , Frank - it 's close night , you know , we be do ?! lighting tech terry ... first , no , we be move ( also do hand ! ) to to the broadway ! ( do some hand ! ) the Broad way - frank the Main stem . they all cheer and laugh . actor 2 frank ..- but we will have to restage .-.. it 's still a good note ... it anyway ! actor 1 .». - and you know Charlie , it 's never do , he never finish . actor 3 we never finish ! actor 2 Love you , Charlie . they all laugh , but they be excited , it 's big . Charlie , still look at he note , reach out and pat the actor 's leg affectionately . Terry , get up -- terry I need a cigarette . 13. -- and make he way across the room pass other company member and snippet of conversation . beth ( dramatically ) ... that 's why it seem wrong to take over for Nicole - the role be hers ! and what if she pilot do not go , she will come back from LA and want the part back , right ? actor 3 beth no , she 's do with it . something like 100 percent of pilot do not get pick up . actor 4 it can not be 100 percent . there would never be any show . actor 5 beth no , but statistically , it 's you do not think Charlie and true . the probability be Nicole will ever get back zero . it 's one of that together ? thing . actor 3 ( sadly ) no , this time it 's really over . beth ( to herself ) still feel weird ... actor 9 actor 7 ..- I feel like my parent it 's always be '' Charlie be split up . and Nicole . '' it just do not sound right any other way . actor 3 poor Henry . Terry pass Mary Ann and donna who still watch Charlie . mary ann ( be : Charlie ) how about now ? donna I would wait , honey . Terry arrive at the booth at the other end of the room where Nicole and she group be campe together . 14 . another actor ( shaking she head ) he still give note ? terry yep . set designer ( to Nicole ) you be lucky , nic , I wish I be go to LA . you can have space in LA . there 's no space here . Nicole look across the restaurant and catch Charlie 's eye . he mouth '' hi '' and she nod . be it nice ? mary ann ( grow more impatient ) now ? donna do not do it . Frank stand and make a toast to Charlie and Nicole and the move to Broadway ( " the Main stem '' ) and how much they x11 miss Nicole and then make it about he return to Broadway with the young turk . in 1968 , he be the young turk . frank win you first tony at 27 -- which I do -- mess with you head . I be just a baby ! Elia Kazan come backstage on open night elbow Mike Nichols into a corner . Mike , who I later turn down twice , a big regret of mine ... during the speech , Mary Ann , the stage manager , suddenly rise ( we can see donna make protestation ) and make she approach to Charlie 's corner , whisper something in he ear . mary ann I want to make sure that I have all you note down so I can compile they into the master list for when we move into the new theater ... Nicole , clocking this , abruptly stand . Charlie see she rise and do the same . 15 . int . q train subway Riding home across the Manhattan Bridge . Nicole sit on the mostly empty bench gaze out the window . although there be available seat , Charlie stand and lean against the door . int . charlie and nicole 's apartment . night she and Charlie enter and relieve a young babysitter who for some reason be buttone she pants up and look a little ashamed . babysitter oh hey , I do not expect you guy until late . nicole how 's he do ? babysitter good , good . he go to bed on time , no fuss . I read he some of cricket in Times Square ... ( take they in ) God , you guy be so attractive . ( hand to mouth ) shit , sorry . I do not stop that from be say . Nicole go back and check on Henry -- charlie ( 0.s. ) babysitter ( 0.s. ) ha ! no it 's okay . i’1l pay hey , thanks ! and also the you for the whole time , we travel time to greenpoint -- decide to come home early . she stumble on something . it 's he little suitcase , open on the floor -- toy cramme into it . he 's sleep soundly , all twisted up in he superhero sheet . he use a well - wear white bear as a pillow . she fix he sheet . the babysitter be go and Charlie be set up the couch as he bed . he survey the room while he reflexively fiddle with a small X - acto knife on he key chain . we CUT quickly between object ( the click sound of the knife as a soundtrack ) : book , a chair , table , lamp , a tv which turn on , painting , photo ... object from they life together . ( mug of tea rest beside some of this object . ) a book on a table . 16 . Nicole retrieve the book and head back to the bedroom . Charlie 's voice stop she : charlie it 's not always go to be like this , it 's go to get better . Nicole nod . charlie if you do not like that mediator , we will find another one -- nicole charlie yeah ... we might not need a mediator , we will just split everything anyway , I do not care -- nicole charlie I neither -- you can have most of it . charlie nicole we will get apartment near right . each other , make it easier for Henry -- charlie we will figure it out . we want the same thing . Nicole meet Charlie 's eye . he hesitates . charlie in the meantime , the pilot will be fun for you . nicole you do not think it 's bad , do you ? charlie ( hesitates ) I do not ever watch tv so , you know , I can not tell ... Nicole glance over at the tv which be on . nicole uh huh . charlie I tell Henry I ’11l come out to LA in two week to see he . 17 . Nicole nod . Charlie look down at he notebook . look back up at Nicole . nicole yes ? charlie nothing . Nicole turn , and then turn back . nicole I can tell you want to give I a note . charlie no , I do not ... yeah , I mean , yes I do . but I guess , I guess it do not matter now . you will not be with the show anymore . it 's stupid . nicole ( know he well ) you be not go to be able to go to sleep until you tell I . charlie maybe not . nicole okay then . charlie well , yes , okay , but just because say it out loud might help I remember it for later . nicole sure . charlie nicole ( read ) -- okay -- so - there be two thing - I think you posture at the top of scene seven be still too dignify ... charlie -- and then at the end , I could tell that you be push for the emotion -- 18 . nicole -- you know I can not cry on stage and I know you do not like when I fake it , but I think maybe it would come tonight . but it do not ... he flip through the notebook . silence . charlie that 's all I have . thanks for indulge I . nicole goodnight Charlie . she start cry as soon as she turn away from he . we move with she as she cry through the apartment to they bedroom . she trip briefly on one of she suitcase also lie on the floor open and half - pack . she remove she shoe , but not she clothes , and get into bed , cry . fade to Black . a curtain fly open revealing a rich blue sky and sway palm tree . the light be painfully bright . we hear a female voice lightly sing : voice '' this be the day , this be the day ... '' int . nicole 's childhood bedroom , los angele . morning Nicole open she eye which be crust with mascara and tear . her mother , Sandra , 60 's , violently open the curtain , loudly close drawer and door . we're in LA . sandra ( sing ) '' that the Lord have make , that the Lord have make ... '' Nicole roll over . Henry , yawn , lie next to she in the bed . sandra ( sing ) '' let we rejoice , let we rejoice . and be glad in it and be glad in it ... '' 19 . this be she childhood bedroom in she mom 's house . there be old magazine ( cosmo , seventeen , Teen vogue , maxim ) with photo of Nicole . a MTV best kiss award . there be '' teenage Nicole '' and '' adult Nicole '' all mashed up together , and both Nicole 's be messy . Nicole press she face into the pillow . nicole henry Mom ... ( tired ) G - mar summer be for relax . sandra ( to Henry ) you can not make home too nice , otherwise you child will never leave -- Nicole whisper to Henry . nicole what do you want to do today ? henry nicole hang out and relax with you . ( nuzzling he ) I too . sandra ( listen in ) no relax ! Nicole have a hair and make - up test and Henry , we get you into Fairy Camp with the cousin . henry I hate Fairy Camp . sandra cassie say everyone like Fairy Camp and I think this be true . Sandra kiss Henry on the head . sandra Henry , go make you mom some coffee like I teach you -- henry Mom , wait till you taste my coffee . Henry walk off , hair stick up . Sandra fluff the pillow , retrieve Henry 's white bear . 20 . sandra do you always sleep together ? even in New York ? nicole it 's just for now , while we go through this transition . shit , do not tell Charlie when he get here -- he hate co-sleep . Nicole climb out of bed . her pillow be stain with black eye make -up . sandra well , I have to say , I agree with Charlie . nicole surprise , surprise . Nicole walk toward the bathroom , Sandra behind she -- sandra nicole it 's as if you have explode ( look at she phone ) into this room . Jesus , it 's early . -- and into the bathroom , she mother follow she inside . nicole I can do this part alone ? sandra that 's fine . I will not look . Sandra lean against the sink , Nicole shrug and let she - how can she stop she now ? sandra as long as you be in my house , wake up be at 6:30 am . and until you know what you want to do , we be go to do what I like to do . nicole I can not just go from what Charlie want to do to what you want to do . Nicole finish , flush and start wash she hand . 21 . sandra even though I be sixty - four and have a dead gay husband , I manage to get up everyday and live my life and feel pretty good about myself so maybe you Mom know a thing or two . Nicole head out of the room and down the main staircase . her mom follow she , of course . sandra nicole you know what I would do ? ( no idea ) about what ? sandra when Charlie get here , I would whisk he off to Palm Springs ? that 's what you father and I do whenever we hit a speed bump -- nicole sandra do not you walk in on dad and I always regret blow the porter in Palm get so upset about it . Springs ? nicole Charlie and I be get a divorce , Mom . there 's nothing for we in Palm Springs . sandra ( suddenly angry ) you need to wash you face before you go to sleep . they both enter the kitchen . Henry have make a giant mess with the coffee , and he 's try to press down on a french Press coffee maker . henry when daddy get here maybe we can all go on the jaw ride -- nicole henry yeah -- ( accommodate ) or I can go once with you and once with daddy because I would not mind go twice anyway -- 22 . sandra nicole ( to Henry ) no , we will all go together , do you know universal sweetheart . studios be where I do my first screen test -- Henry present he mom a cup of coffee . nicole on the plane , I re-read the pilot as if I be Charlie read it and I start to think it 's just bad . sandra my agent say it 's '' one to watch . '' she sip she coffee . nicole ( to Henry ) this coffee be good . thank you . ( to Sandra ) what if Charlie 's on Broadway with the play I bring he -- which I originate and I be just do bad tv . sandra it do not matter . everyone be only impressed when they see someone on tv . int / ext . tv studio . day female producer ( 0.s. ) she 's beautiful . Nicole be stand in front of a camera in a hair / makeup / wardrobe test . she 's barefoot in a nightgown with some kind of red mask be apply to she face . we hear voice ( that she can not ) murmure near the monitor . Nicole hold what look like a blue , foam football and stare combatively at the camera . hand enter frame , adjust she hair , swapping out the mask . director ( 0.s. ) where 's she be for the past ten year ? male producer ( 0.s. ) female producer ( 0.s. ) do weird theater in New she look great . York . 23 . nicole can I say something ? no one answer . we hear bit of side - conversation about a book club book they be all read . male producer ( 0.s. ) downtown shit . I see one . it rain on stage . dp ( 0.s. ) male producer ( 0.s. ) Plays make I uncomfortable . it be good . edgy . directed by she husband . supposedly very control . dp ( 0.s. ) female producer ( 0.s . ) the live aspect -- we be lucky to have she . director ( 0.s. ) female producer ( 0.s . ) I be surprised she say yes . we can thank she divorce . effect guy ( 0.s. ) can she move she hand ? it 's go to be hard to roto the hair in on the baby around she finger -- male producer ( 0.s. ) ( aloud to Nicole ) can you move you hand further down the baby ? nicole what do you mean ? like down here ? director ( 0.s. ) nicole off he head entirely -- I have need to support he head . director ( 0.s. ) no , no , support the head , of course , just try to do it from the shoulder ? she hesitantly slide she hand down the blue football . director ( 0.s. ) perfect . nicole I can not hold a baby like this . female producer ( 0.s. ) she 's right , that 's go to look weird . a handsome , bearded and tatted 24 . effect guy ( 0.s. ) just so you know , we can totally do it , it 's just go to take time and money and mean less hair . grip , 30' , Pablo , enter frame with a white bounce board , hold it up to she . grip so we can see you pretty face . and not ours . nicole ha . you should have see I before the plant invade . grip I say that with respect . I be raise by two mother . dp ( 0.s. ) ( not amused ) can you lower the board please , Pablo ? the grip lower the bounce board then raise it directly in front of Nicole 's face , then lower it , be cute . grip here ? how Nicole smile . a hand remove another . grip how about now ? Pablo finally place the board grip ( to the dp off -camera ) that better , boss ? someone walk through the shot arm . nicole ( louder ) can I say something ? ' bout here ? she mask and apply male producer ( 0.s. ) why be there always a flirty grip . in the proper position . make - up artist ( 0.s. ) I can do anything you want , but we will need to have she two hour before call every day we work with the plant -- carry a enormous plant female producer ( 0.s . ) hold on . ( to Nicole ) what honey ? 25 . nicole she have to know how to hold a baby . later after she kill donny , she become this sort of earth mother for the plant community and that will not make sense if we think she 's a bad mother to she own kid . make -up artist ( 0.s. ) director ( 0.s. ) she kill donny ? that 's a secret . we do not give the crew that page . nicole you do not want she to appear unsympathetic this early in the show , do you ? make -up artist ( 0.s. ) female producer ( 0.s. ) do donny know ? she 's right . nicole also , why do she kill donny anyway ? int . / ext . soundstage . later Nicole march across the soundstage , still in the nightgown , now wear ugg , follow by the male ( Dennis ) and female ( Carol ) producer , both 5us . he wear all denim . she 's in fitte jeans , and a white blazer . there 's also a cadre of hair and make - up and wardrobe people . male producer must be nice to get out of New York . we daughter , Mia be at nyu live in a shoe box -- nicole male producer well , I be from out here -- she 's say it go up toa hundred and four the other day -- female producer nicole we be just so excited to ( nod ) have you . I be excited to be here -- male producer we be go for a early aught aesthetic — so have you presence nail that . make -up artist what signifies early aught ? 26 . they go outside , the bright LA light hit they eye . everyone put on sunglass . female producer into the girl be on tv -- nicole female producer ( correct she ) -- or stream or something all over - - and you be fuck hot in that movie . male producer female producer Carol -- fuck it , I speak my mind ! male producer we be not allow we son to see it . female producer because you show you tit . male producer nicole Carol -- yeah . male producer this be Carter mitchum , he 's a futurist at ucla who 's consulting on all the environmental stuff for the show . Carter , 30 's , have be politely follow behind . he reach forward to shake she hand . male producer you know , so it 's accurate . carter nicole Nice to meet you . so , be it ? carter nicole what ? accurate ? carter so far none of it . Nicole laugh . she 's hand another nightgown by the wardrobe assistant . '' for when you be on the mother ship . '' male producer this pilot will go . get ready to move back to LA ! 27 . female producer and listen : everything you be say back there be absolutely right -- male producer female producer except no one know we be if she 's a bad mom , we will kill donny . include lose the audience . donny . nicole oh ...good , you know , I just think - female producer let we know if you have like to be part of we writer 's room -- I bet you would be really helpful . nicole ( surprise herself even ) or I could direct ? sorry , maybe that sound crazy . female producer no , yeah ... do you have a reel ? nicole no , because I have never do it . I mean , I watch my husband do it for year ... ( quietly ) almost ex-husband ? what 's the opposite of fiance ? female producer ( take she in ) we will talk to you agent about it . nicole at we theater , I always want to direct and Charlie would say something like '' the next one ! '' but he be always the director and there never be a next one . ( contradict herself ) but I do not know , maybe there would have be if we stay marry . you know , I do not know . Nicole turn away , embarrassed . the female producer have be watch she , while the male producer be just texting like a motherfucker . 28 . int . nicole 's trailer Nicole enter the cramped space and realize the female producer be right behind she . Nicole try to busy herself . female producer ( take out she phone ) I be go to give you a number . nicole oh ...ok . be it a therapist ? I have a therapist . well , she 's my mom 's therapist . we share she . female producer she 's a lawyer , she represent I when I leave Dennis . nicole female producer ( be : the male producer ) since 2013 . you and Dennis be divorced ? nicole and you still work together ? that 's nice . female producer oh , no , he 's a fuck cocksucker . nora get I half of this project in the settlement . nicole we talk about do it without lawyer . female producer nicole you think that , but you my sister make I meet a will not ... bunch of they already , I just hate they . female producer ( with certitude ) call nora . she save my life . nora ( v.o. ) I be sorry I look so schleppy . int . nora fanshaw 's office . day nora fanshaw , 40' , look amazing and elegant . today she be in tight designer jeans , a ysl blazer , red pump and full make - up. 29 . Nicole , in old jeans and a button -down , sit on a comfortable , stylish couch , a moroccan rug on the floor - - in a office that look like a suite at a W Hotel . a sheepskin throw , fresh flower on the coffee table . nora I have a event at my kid 's school . Nicole grow suddenly self - conscious about what she 's wear . nora let I get this out of the way , I think you be a wonderful actress . nicole thank you . nora I love all over the girl but the theater stuff too . nicole nora ( can not help but be I see electra. pleased ) you have see the theater stuff ? nora I be in New York last year for my book -- which , remind I to give you a copy -- and my publisher take I . nicole nora oh ... great . thank you . fantastic . you be awesome . nicole ( almost apologetically ) Charlie direct it . nora I know . he 's very talented . nicole he be . they be move it to Broadway . without I of course . nora nicole he be lucky to have you . while I be make a show about a plant invasion . 30 . nora ( really ask the question ) how be you do ? have be ask that question at that moment in that way , do something to she . tear run down Nicole 's cheek . nora oh , honey . nora kick off she shoe and tuck they under she foot . she rise , grab a box of tissue and curl up next to Nicole on the couch . Nicole take a tissue and she and nora meet eye . it feel intimate and safe . nora you take some breath . and while you do , I be go to tell you about myself . she text something to someone and then very deliberately put she phone down on the table . nora put she hand on Nicole 's leg . she talk to she like a good girlfriend . nora if you should choose to hire I , I will work tirelessly for you and be always available by phone or text , except when I be with my kid . I insist on do drop -off and pick - up at school every day . nicole ( like this ) oh , I understand . a assistant enter with a tray that have green tea and cookie . Nicole start eat the cookie , nora do not . nora I have be through this myself so I know how it feel . nicole nora ( hopeful ) yes . I have a kid from my you do ? ex who be a narcissistic artist and verbally abusive . I be now with a great boyfriend , who life in malibu . 31 . nicole oh , good . ( hesitates ) but Charlie 's not terrible . nora no , of course not , but they ravish you with attention in the beginning and then once we have baby , we become the mom and they get sick of we . Nicole nod . nora where do you want live now , doll ? nicole ( take a breath ) well , I be here now , obviously , and I do not know if this show will be pick up , but ... it feel like home ... it be home . it 's the only home I have know without Charlie . nora you want to stay here . Nicole like hearing this affirmation , but then hesitates . nicole Charlie will not want to do that . he hate LA . nora we be interested in what you want to do . sound to I like you do you time in New York . he can do some time here , no ? nicole ( nod ) he always say we would , but we never do . nora how old be you son ? nicole Henry be eight . he like LA , but I do not know if it 's fair to he ... 32 . nora it sound like a wonderful childhood to I : the first half New York and the second half in LA . nicole ( to herself ) the second half ... Nicole process this . nora I want you to listen to I , what you be do be a act of hope . do you understand that ? nicole nora ( suddenly meaning it ) you be say , I want yes. something better for myself . nicole nora I do . and this , right now , be the worst time . it will only get better . be not it Tom petty who say the wait be the hardest part ? nicole nora I do not know . I represent he wife in they divorce , I get she half of that song . nicole oh , I do not want money or anything , he do not have money anyway , he put it all back into the theater -- I use to think he give too much away . I just want it to be over . nora of course you do . but we can do both . nicole I just worry ... you know we be not go to even use lawyer so ... I do not want to be too aggressive . I have like to stay friend . 33 . nora do not worry , we will do it as gently as possible . ( beat ) now , can you tell I a little bit more about what 's go on ? because part of what we be go to do together be tell you story . Nicole wipe she eye for the millionth time . she stand and grab a tissue from the table . she take a deep breath . nicole it 's difficult to articulate . sorry . it 's like I know why I be do this but I do not know too . it 's not as simple as not be in love anymore . nora ( 0.s. ) I understand . why do not you start at the beginning , wherever that be for you . and Nicole begin . as she talk she find she voice and gain momentum and she start to feel better , the tear start to dry up and she become more powerful , more herself . nicole well , I be engage to Ben , you know , and live in LA and I feel like '' yes , I want to make movie and marry Ben '' - Jesus I be only nineteen or twenty , I have never feel older in my whole life - but if I be honest with myself , there be a small part of I that feel dead , or dead-ish , but you tell yourself '' no one be perfect , no relationship be perfect . '' ( realize ) Boy , this tea be delicious . nora be not it ? it 's the manuka honey . nicole anyway , you be ask about Charlie . so yes , so I be happy with Ben , but aware of the deadness . ( more ) 34 . nicole ( cont 'd ) and then I go to New York to meet a director for a space movie , but one where they take space seriously . sex trafficking in space . it be political , or they want we to think it be . it be actually just fulfil the same need certain fuck up porn do . anyway , while I be there , the producer invite I to a play . it be in someone 's live room with all the light on and like nothing I would ever see before . a strange , surreal dystopian story . so well act and one of the actor be this big shaggy bear who play all he line look directly at I which I know could not be really the case , but it feel that way , and of course later I learn that it be . ( also realize ) the cookie be really great too . nora ( 0.s. ) I ‘’1l give you some to take home . nicole afterwards , I be introduce to the cast and this bear turn out to also be the director . he do not really know who I be - or he do , or he figure it out later - and that be it . he start talk to I . and I talk back - and the dead part be not dead , it be just in a coma . and it be better than sex , the talk . although the sex be also like the talk ... everything be like everything ina relationship , do you find that ? ... we spend the whole night and next day together , and I just ... never leave . and to be honest , all the problem be there in the beginning , too . I just go along with he in he life because it feel so damn good to feel myself alive . in the beginning I be the actress , the star , so that feel like something . people come to see I , at first . ( more ) 35 . nicole ( cont 'd ) but then the farther away I get from that and the more the theatre company get acclaim , I have less and less weight . I become '' who ? '' '' oh you remember , that actress who be in that thing that time . '' and he be the draw . and that would have be fine , but ... I get smaller . I realize that I do not really ever come alive for myself , I be just feed he aliveness . he be so smart and creative , it do not matter . I would tell he thing at home , in private , and then they would work they way into public conversation , into he work and for a while that feel like enough . I be just so flatter that someone like he would find a idea of mine worth use or a comment of mine worth repeat . and then I get pregnant . and I think '' have a baby will be ours , really ours , and it will also really be mine '' and he be so excited . and it be nice for a while . but kid ... they belong to themselves . like the instant they leave you body , it 's just a process of go away from you . and I do not belong to myself . it be stupid stuff and big stuff -- all of the furniture in we house be he taste . I be not even sure what my taste be anymore because I would never be ask to use it . I do not even pick we apartment , I just move into he . I make noise about want to move back to LA , but it come to nothing . we have come here on holiday because he like my family , but whenever I suggest we do a year or something , he have put I off . it would be so weird if he have turn to I and say '' and what do you want to do today ? '' I watch that long documentary about George Harrison and I think '' just own it , own it like George Harrison 's wife . be a wife and mother be enough . '' and then I realize I could not remember she name . ( more ) 36 . nicole ( cont 'd ) so this pilot come along , and it shot in LA and it pay so much and it be like there be a little life - line throw to I '' here be a bit of earth that 's yours . '' and I be embarrassed about it in front of he , but also , it feel like '' this be who I be , this be what I be worth and it 's stupid , but at least it 's mine . '' and if he have take I in a big hug and say '' baby , I be so excited for you adventure and of course I want you to have you own piece of earth '' then we might not be get divorced . but he make fun of it . and be jealous , like he be . but then he realize about the money and tell I I could funnel it back into the theatre company . and that 's when I realize that he truly do not see I . he do not see I as something separate from he . and I ask he to say my phone number . and he do not know it . so I leave . nora wipe a ink-stain tear from Nicole 's cheek and hug she . nicole ( realize she forget to include ) I think Charlie also sleep with Mary Ann , the stage manager . nora ( fierce ) that fuck asshole . int . sandra 's house , los angele . evening cassie husband , Sam and they kid , Jules and Molly , play Monopoly with Henry in the de . Henry have trouble read the chance card . Sam help he with it . jule you should buy everything . henry but I want to keep my money . 37 . int . sandram kitchen . same close on a manilla envelope with Charlie 's name on it and nora 's firm 's address in the corner . cassie , 30 's , Nicole and Sandra be prepare . they be all drink wine and drink it too fast . nicole so , cassie , you be go to hand he the envelope -- cassie why do I have to do it ? sandra because Nicole be very good at get people to do thing for she -- nicole sandra that 's not what this be -- I wipe she butt until she be nine year old . she 's very seductive that way . nicole no. mom. legally I can not be the one who serve he . sandra cassie but still this be true what ( nervous now ) I be say . do I have to actually hand he the envelope ? nicole yes , but I be go to tell he in advance that they be divorce papers . nora say it do not have to be so formal . ( suddenly nervous ) where 's Henry ? Nicole finish what 's in she glass and pour herself more . cassie he 's in the live room play with Jules and Molly . nicole let 's get they upstairs . so , i’1l tell Charlie what 's happen and cassie , you can then hand he the envelope -- 38 . cassie sandra ok , I just get nervous -- ( nervously ) can you un - serve ? nicole what do you mean , like take it back ? sandra yeah . nicole ( get anxious ) I think so . cassie sandra you should check . in case we change we mind . nicole I be not go to change my mind . cassie sandra I know , but maybe just to or we all just feel too bad know in case I do something for he . wrong -- nicole now you be both just make I feel bad about it , ok . cassie sandra sorry ... sorry . I be we all be . and we love nervous . Charlie . nicole ( with more power now ) you have to stop loving he , Mom . you can not be he friend anymore . sandra Charlie and I have we own relationship independent of you marriage just like I be friend with cassie 's ex , Jeff - - cassie ( news to she ) be you still see Jeff ?! sandra ( shrug ) a occasional lunch . 39 . cassie sandra I can not believe you ! he still want he camera i‘1l play Sandra be back by the way . nicole ( get emotional , but stay strong ) listen , nothing can be independent of we marriage right now . I can not believe I have to explain this to you . just be on my side , ok ? sandra ok . cassie and stop see jeff ! nicole cassie , you be the server . cassie just let I practice a few time . I be never a good auditioner . sandra you want it too badly . nicole it 's not a audition . sandra cassie Charlie . it 's just my palm be so perspire . sandra sweetie , you be blotting the envelope . maybe Nicole should play you . cassie do you really just say that ??? nicole we do not need to practice it . it 's not a performance ! work on open a bottle of wine . nicole do we finish the other one already ? 40 . cassie ( with dead certainty ) oh , yeah . outside , a car door close , they all jump . cassie even scream . Nicole snap into action . nicole ok , let I get it . you both go in the other room . cassie , make sure Henry go upstairs with Jules and Molly . cassie happen now . cassie and Sandra disperse . Nicole go to the door . Sandra reappear from another entrance . nicole Mom ! sandra I be get my wine . she grab she glass and scurries away as cassie reenter . nicole what ?! cassie Henry 's poop in the bathroom downstairs . nicole can we transfer he to the upstairs one ? cassie I think it 's mid-poop . nicole ok , grab he when he come out . ( cassie nod and start to leave ) cassie ! cassie what ?! nicole ( be : nora 's legal document ) ( more ) 4l. nicole ( cont 'd ) I be put the envelope here by the toaster . cassie copy you . cassie hurry out of the room . the back door open , Charlie enter in a whirl . he kiss Nicole on the lip , head into a spare bedroom . charlie hey -- where 's Henry ? nicole he 's poop . charlie hi Henry ! he dump he bag on the floor . she watch through the doorway . charlie ( 0.s. ) do this couch still open ? he reappear , squeezing past she into the kitchen . charlie ( excited ) I get off the plane to a text -- but do not tell anyone yet , it 's still a secret . nicole ok -- he go straight to the refrigerator , pass the manila envelope next to the toaster . he turn to Nicole , unable to contain he excitement . charlie I win a macarthur grant . nicole oh , Charlie , that 's so great . congratulation ! she hug he , truly happy for he . charlie nicole thanks . ( so pleased ) I will say it because you can not , it 's the genius grant . you be a genius . 42 . charlie nicole ( bashful , but beam ) I be really happy for you . well ... you deserve it -- charlie it 's yours too . we do all of this together . nicole well , thank you , but it 's yours , Charlie , enjoy it . charlie I be starve -- Charlie remove a roast chicken from the refrigerator . charlie it 's good money , and they parse it out over five year , but it mean I can keep everyone in the theater company employ , pay my credit card debt and -- nicole ( eye on the envelope ) it 's so great . charlie of course I go instantly to , '' it 's all down hill from here . '' now my first Broadway play have to fail -- nicole no! charlie nicole we just start rehearsals you always do not know at again ... I do not know ... this point and then it get there -- charlie do I ? Cause I do not remember . nicole I know , but it 's true . it 'il be great . charlie ( smile ) ok . I hope you be right . everyone say , hi. 43. nicole tell they hi . I miss everyone . charlie nicole well , you will see they when a macarthur , Broadway , it 's you come back -- so exciting . congratulation , Charlie . he pick at the chicken with he hand , lick he finger . Nicole take a breath , want to acknowledge the envelope sit now to Charlie 's right and all that 's about to happen . charlie which bathroom ? nicole charlie what ? be he poop ? he start he knock nicole oh...downstairs . off . she follow he into the other room . charlie you mom home ? nicole yeah , she 's upstairs -- on the bathroom door . charlie hey , how 's it go ? henry ( 0.s. ) nothing yet . charlie it 's I . henry ( 0.s. ) I know . charlie I just get here . henry ( 0.s. ) hi. charlie I bring you something . 44 , henry ( 0.s. ) yay . Mom be give I a present too . charlie why ? henry ( 0.s. ) for poop . charlie oh ... ( pause ) I love you . henry ( 0.s. ) I love you . Charlie reenter the kitchen . Nicole trail . charlie I do not think we should reward he for poop anymore . nicole charlie I know , but he hold it in , it 's its own reward . it 's get on a week ... Sandra poke she head in . sandra hey there , charlie-bird . charlie ( smile ) g-ma ! Sandra kiss he on the lip . he lift she up . Nicole watch impatiently . sandra do not , I be so heavy ! charlie you be light as a feather . sandra charlie oh , God , I be so huge ! you do not respond to my last email ! sandra you email be so articulate , I get intimidate ! 45 . nicole sandra Mom , can you help with -- now , I be go to lift you ! she wrap she arm around he and he pretend to be lift . nicole mom ! sandra nicole what ? upstair -- sandra oh ... ( to Charlie ) I be go to go write you back now . Sandra reluctantly leave as cassie enter . cassie charlie hey , Charlie . cassie , I like you haircut . cassie ( disarm ) oh , thanks . henry ( 0.s. ) Mom ! sandra ( 0.s. ) Henry 's call you , Nicole ! nicole charlie I hear he ! what 's go on , Henry ?! henry ( 0.s. ) can you have Mom come ? charlie he want you -- Nicole and cassie look at one another . nicole ( mouth ) wait for I -- Charlie continue to eat ( and mangle ) he chicken . cassie stand in front of he awkwardly . she collect she thing , hold a pie tin , on top of a script . she 's red face and blush , and shaking from nerve . charlie what kind of pie be that ? 46 . cassie ( for some reason that stump she ) it 's ... ( long pause , as if try to recall a line ina play ) pecan . charlie do you make it ? cassie I do not know . no ! it 's store buy . you know Joan 's on third ? charlie oh , yeah , that 's good , right ? cassie what ? the store ? yeah ! Jules and Molly love it . charlie ( be : she nerve ) be you ok ? cassie yes . I be just hot . charlie I ' 1l pour you some water . ( he do ) Nicole say you be do a play ? cassie ( happy to be ask ) I think you have like it ! it 's a great unproduce play by this really interesting british writer . charlie so you do a English accent ? cassie yeah , it 's more Northern England . charlie oh , what do that sound like ? cassie ya want a cup of tea , do ya ? 47 . charlie oh , right . good. ( do a ok English accent ) oh , thank you , missus . what be -- Charlie 's gaze go down to the counter . the legal envelope lie there . cassie see he see this . charlie what 's this ? cassie ( still try british ) it 's a manilla envelope , love . ( shake she head ) can I start over ? charlie it have my name on it . he pick it up . she lunge forward and violently grab it out of he hand . she hesitates and then formally hand it back to he . cassie oh Jesus , sorry . you be serve . sorry . Nicole reenter . she see Charlie hold the envelope . nicole ( to cassie ) what do you do ? cassie nothing . I do not know . I can not lie . you be be serve . you guy be get divorced . I do not know . I be sorry . she run out of the room . Nicole look at Charlie . nicole I be go to warn you . so it do not become a thing . Charlie stare at the envelope . and then : nicole I be sorry . 48 . charlie ( eye on the envelope ) I feel like I be in a dream . nicole we do not have a marriage anymore . Charlie look up at she . nicole I know you do not want the disruption , but you do not want to be marry . not really . charlie ( hold up the envelope ) but I do not want this . nicole well , what do you expect be go to happen ? charlie I do not know ... I guess I do not think it through . but I think we agree -- Nicole get out a bottle of whiskey and pour two drink . she place one on the counter in front of he . charlie nicole we be not go to use I want a ... I do not know , lawyer . I be try to say this as undramatically as possible . I want a entirely different kind of life . charlie let 's wait until you finish this pilot and come back to New York and ... let 's figure it out there , at home . together . nicole charlie nora be know for be we do not need to do this really fair - with envelope and ... charlie ( hold up the envelope ) this be nora ? nicole yeah . she 's great . I feel like we could be friend with she . 49 , charlie why do I feel like that will not happen ... nicole charlie it 's a formality and you ( suddenly ) do not have to respond right why ... why do cassie have a away . pie ? nicole the pie be hers . the pie be not part of it . charlie be you sure ? nicole yeah , I mean , what would the pie have to do with anything ? charlie nicole I do not know , it somehow sorry . the pie be just a make it worse . pie. charlie so , what ... what do I do ? nicole you get a lawyer too . int . nicole 's room at sandra 's Charlie and Nicole lie in bed together on either side of Henry . Charlie be read Stuart Little . they get to the end . both Charlie and Nicole wipe tear from they eye . nicole I forget it end that way . charlie yeah . wow . Stuart really over - react , do not you think ? henry he be upset about he boat . Charlie kiss Henry on the head . henry dad , you go away -- Mom , you stay -- nicole but daddy , just get here -- 50 . charlie it 's ok . I love you . henry ( pick up he dad 's disappointment ) but you can come back and wake I up and read to I later , daddy . ok ? charlie ok . Charlie get up and walk outside the door . we stay with Nicole and Henry . henry ( whisper ) will you come sleep in my bed later ? nicole ( whisper ) yes . we CUT to Charlie stand outside the door and for the first time shift to he perspective . he hear they whisper . a door squeak grab Charlie 's attention . Sandra peek out from she room . sandra ( whisper , shaking she fist ) hang in there , charlie-bird . charlie ( whisper ) thanks g-ma . Sandra shut she door . he look at the family photo on the hallway wall . Sandra young on a tv show , be direct by Roberto , a handsome curly haire man with big glass . Nicole and cassie as kid . a frame image from a New York Times article on Charlie and Nicole . they pose , look great , stand apart on the stage of the theater . titled : scene from a Marriage . Nicole come back out . she see Charlie look at the photo . she hesitates . nicole he 's in a mommy phase right now . 51 . charlie it 's ok . they both head down the stair . Nicole sway for a second and clutches a bannister . Charlie take she arm . nicole sorry , I think I drank too much wine -- charlie nicole I can imagine . stressful and do not eat dinner -- time . nicole ha , yeah ... I hope Henry do not notice . charlie I be sure he do not . nicole now that I be a parent I realize my parent be probably drunk all the time with I . charlie nicole yeah . sorry again . charlie thanks . nicole where be you stay ? charlie oh , um ... I have not ... I guess I will ... he put on he jacket , and leave the room -- nicole there 's a new hotel over on highland that 's supposedly not too expensive and pretty nice . charlie ( 0.s. ) oh ...ok ... i1 x11 check it out . nicole again , that 's great about the macarthur . Charlie reappear clutching he bag . 52 . charlie thanks . they half - hug strangely , he hold he bag in one hand , she hold the legal envelope . he head for the door . nicole Charlie ? charlie ( turn hopefully ) yeah ? Nicole hand he the envelope with the divorce papers . charlie thanks . Charlie flip off all the light in the room . leave Nicole in darkness . a voice ( v.o. ) fuck . int . jay marotta 's law office . day Charlie sit across from a lawyer , 50' , a strong , husky silver - haire man in a suit . this be jay marotta . the office be nothing like nora 's -- sleek , corporate , tough . there be photo of jay play sport . a associate , 30' , Ted , a young jock , sit at a adjacent table , take note . charlie what ? jay marotta ( to the associate ) she 's be represent by nora . Ted nod , knowingly . charlie she 's supposedly very fair ? jay marotta here 's the fact Jack : I charge 950 dollar a hour , Ted be 400 , so if you have a stupid question , call ted. 53 . Ted smile at Charlie . Charlie look sick . jay marotta to start we will need a twenty - five thousand dollar retainer -- charlie oh , that 's more than I can -- ted jay silverman and all you financial . which run anywhere from ten we will need to do a forensic to twenty thousand dollar . accounting . charlie ( sweat ) but if we can all agree right away , it should not get too bad , right ? jay marotta ( not respond ) you be marry here , in LA ? charlie jay silverman yes , because she mom and and you son be bear out sister be out here and I be here ? not close with my family and so we just do it here ... charlie yes , because again she family be out here and I be not -- jay marotta so you get marry here , you kid be bear here and she serve you here ? charlie yeah . but we live in New York . ( pause ) why ? be there a problem ? ted we be go to have to reshape the narrative . jay marotta if you be serious about have you child in New York , this be what I would suggest , you take the kid , do you say he name be Fred -- 54 . charlie jay marotta Henry . -- Henry ? why do I think Fred . ted jay marotta I have a kid name Fred . -- you take Henry to New York with you right now . then we file a action in New York . make it a New York case -- ted we need to make a argument that you be a New York base family . charlie jay marotta well , we be . otherwise , you 's 1ll probably never see you kid outside of LA again . charlie ( shocked ) really ? no. jay marotta it 's very difficult to convince the court to move a kid . as soon as you let you wife and child leave New York , you make life very difficult for yourself . charlie yeah , but as I say , we be a New York family , that 's just a fact . she 's here temporarily . jay marotta ( lead question ) then why do you think she serve you out here ? jay and the associate exchange a meaningful glance . charlie I do not ... know . but , Henry want to go back to New York , he tell I -- jay marotta do not quote you kid . he 's just tell you what you want to hear . trust I , he 's tell she the opposite . jay look back at the papers . 55 . jay marotta what 's exit goat ? charlie exit ghost . it 's the name of my theater company . jay marotta you be a director ? charlie jay marotta theater director , yeah . anything I have see ? charlie I do not know . what have you see ? silence . charlie we production of electra be move to Broadway which be exciting -- jay marotta we have to make sure that money be protect . charlie I mean , it 's theater , so it 's not a lot of money . I basically put whatever money I make back in the theater . jay marotta I wonder -- ( look at Ted ) do we ask for support ? ted charlie interesting -- from Nicole ? I be not go to do that -- jay marotta do you wife 's family have money ? charlie her mother have some from she tv career and she father die -- jay marotta ted we could say we do not want in that instance , she mother she mother to see the kid , could pay you legal fee draw her into the case . too. 56 . charlie ( can not believe he ear ) no . I be very close to she mom . Nicole 's family have be my family - jay marotta that 's go to change and I suggest you get use to that . ( to Ted ) we should hire a private investigator -- charlie jay marotta really ? I mean ... really ? we need to look for way we can show she 's a bad mother . charlie jay marotta but she 's not . you wife do drug or anything ? Coke ? charlie not in any real way -- jay marotta we be not go to win if she 's a perfect mom . charlie ( hesitates ) she be addict to tum for a while . jay stare at he . charlie it be not nothing . she be up to a tube a day . jay marotta have you notice anyone follow you ? charlie no ! jay marotta keep a eye out . California 's a no-fault state so even if you be fuck around it would not matter , but , it do not look good -- ( stand ) ( more ) 57 . jay marotta ( cont 'd ) you need to be prepare for the fact that nora 's go to portray you as a neglectful , absent , father . charlie but I be not -- jay marotta you live in New York , consume with you work , she and the kid be out here , struggle . nora will use that strategy , I be sure of it . charlie she 's not go to lie . jay marotta listen , if we start from a place of reasonable and they start from a place of crazy when we settle , we will be somewhere between reasonable and crazy . ted which be still crazy . jay marotta half of crazy be crazy . charlie uh huh . ted you know what people say , criminal lawyer see bad people at they best , divorce lawyer see good people at they worst . jay marotta you x11 end up hat I and Ted before it 's all over just because of what we represent in you life . charlie I be sure you be right . Charlie look like he ’1ll pass out . charlie jay silverman maybe I do not explain this well . we be friendly , we be fine , we be just try to figure this out -- so , tell I the story again , you come out to see you kid and she serve you ? what a bitch . 58 . charlie she 's not a bitch ... thanks , but this be not ... we be do it a different way . and I can not even close afford this ... I have get to get back to New York . I havea Broadway play in rehearsals -- Charlie stand . fade to Black . int . broadway rehearsal space , new york . day actor be mingling , stretch , in a mostly white room in midtown . different color tape on the floor indicate the set . various conversation be go on at once include Frank tell another anecdote from he young day . frank beth she be rosalind and I be do you think it 's ok that jaque . nobody know she I be do the laugh fit then -- that way . Nicole do it more like -- ( she laugh strangely ) I be do it -- ( laugh she way ) and I do not want to imitate she -- actor 3 you be make it you own . frank beth complete unknown . and I be I just so appreciate that the hot shit you know , young Charlie give I this and very sexy with this opportunity . or maybe I great head of hair . should thank Nicole . terry I hear Nicole 's pilot go to series so she 's stay in LA . actor 2 and they put Henry in school out there . actor 4 be Charlie move there too ? beth actor not Charlie . he will not abandon we . 59 . terry and you can not do theater in LA . they all laugh . actor 5 Charlie say she and Henry be come back to New York once she finish filming she show . actor 1 I would not be so sure . actor 5 actor 2 she be never go to stay she be probably plan in New York . that be this move all along . obvious . actor 5 actor when she see a well , LA be nice . the opportunity , believe I , she space . take it . frank and you know it 's '' the Park '' and all that , and joey papp be direct , and she just glide on stage ... we be cat in heat . actor 3 Charlie hate LA . all of they attention eventually drift toward Frank for the big finish . frank miss future four time oscar winner suck my ... the door swing open and Charlie enter . he 's immediately swarm by the costume designer and prop guy who be show he different item to approve . Charlie put he thing down on a white fold table . charlie nobody come too close , I think I get donna 's cold . donna sorry Charlie . Terry and other actor approach he . 60 . charlie just a head up , I be wait for a skype call from Henry so I might have to step out -- everyone very understandingly say '' of course . '' '' say hi from we '' etc . Frank put he arm around Charlie . frank what you be go through now be go to be horrible . but it will be over . charlie frank thanks , Frank . another thing . charlie yes ? frank fuck as many people as you can right now . woman , man ... the costume designer , donna , hold up a brown suit , hat , goggle and white gauze and a small frankenstein outfit . costume designer frank you might need help wrapping take what I say seriously . some of the gauze , it need to stay tight . set designer I be confuse . what scene be the invisible man outfit for ? charlie no , that 's my Halloween costume . and the frankenstein be for Henry . all the actor surround he , approve of the outfit . '' aww ! '' '' so cute ! '' '' frankenstein and the invisible man ! '' charlie costume designer he 's come here this I make it more James whale weekend and we be go to than Kenneth branagh . trick or treat in the slope and whatever -- charlie mary ann perfect . can I talk to you ? charlie yeah , over -- 61 . Charlie and Mary Ann duck into the hallway . the crew clock this and make know eye contact with one another . int . rehearsal space hallway . same Mary Ann hand he a stack of papers and a old scuff up book . mary ann I type up the note from the last two rehearsals and here 's the blueprint -- charlie mary ann ( pleased ) -- from the original layout where would you find it ? of the Broadway theater -- mary ann the library . duh. charlie ha! mary ann ( sweetly ) can I come over tonight ? charlie ( pause ) Mary Ann , it 's too hard now ... I just can not be with anyone right now . mary ann we do it when you be marry , when we should not have do it . now , that you be not marry , um , should not we be do it ? charlie I be not not marry ... yet . mary ann you be torture yourself . his phone be ringing . charlie just make sure everything do not go to hell here . I be rely on you , ok ? mary ann charlie Fine . thanks . 62 . he kiss she on the head . she flush , rebuffe . charlie mary ann hold on , let I -- I wish you would accept generosity better . charlie ( hesitates after this remark and answer the phone ) hello ? Charlie push open the fire exit door -- int . stairwell . same nora be this Charlie barber ? charlie yes . nora hi , this be nora fanshaw , I represent you wife , Nicole barber . charlie hi. nora do you have a attorney yet ? charlie no. nora ok , then it 's ok for I to talk to you directly . ok ? charlie ok . nora I be call because we have not receive a response to we filing . the set designer , agnes , open the door to the stairwell and hold up two photo of stool . Charlie point at one of they . the designer nod . 63 . charlie yeah , I have be rehearse this play and fly back and forth to LA -- nora you be go to need to file you response . now she hold up two image of phone . a old style one from the 30 's and a rotary from the 70' . charlie Nicole say there be no rush . he point at the rotary . she nod gratefully and hurry back inside . nora it 's be more than thirty day since you be serve . by law you be mean to respond within thirty day . charlie nora I do not like the first it say that very clearly on lawyer I meet . the document you be give . do you read it ? charlie but I think that 's just what it say ... we be not go to even do it with lawyer -- Charlie absent - mindedly fiddle with the X - acto knife on he key chain , open and close it . Frank poke he head in . frank Charlie , I be think I should not tuck in the shirt ? charlie frank ( hold up a finger to -- it keep come out during say '' hold on '' ) the love scene -- Nicole say I could take my time -- nora and we have let you take you time ... charlie frank what love scene ? when I hug beth. 64 . charlie you do not hug Beth . frank it 's something I be try . nora charlie if you do not file you ( to Frank ) response we be go to file you can not just tuck it in a request for default tighter or get donna to judgement against you . safety pin it ? frank ( admit ) I also have a thing about tucking in thing -- Charlie indicate for Frank to come forward . he tuck it in for he . frank nora it 's a hold - over from Charlie ? childhood . insecurity about my figure . charlie yes , sorry -- Frank look at he reflection in the glass of a fire extinguisher . he do he '' handsome '' face . he pantomime hugging someone . Charlie start walk down the stair . charlie a default judgement . what do that mean ? nora we will be able to lay claim to whatever we want . charlie what do you mean ? whatever you want of what ? nora you apartment , you thing -- well , everything you own . charlie she and I already discuss this , we do not own that much stuff , she can have pretty much whatever she -- 65 . nora and it mean , we ’1ll set the number for child support at its high level and claim full custody of you child ... charlie ( alarmed ) full custody ? I mean , that 's not even -- Charlie open a emergency exit door and emerge into -- time square chaotic city sound and vibrate video screen . silence . nora this be what the law say . charlie Nicole 's not go to do that . I mean ... she will not . nora no , Charlie , I represent Nicole and she 's aware of everything I be say to you . charlie I just speak to she this morning . nora well , I speak to she five minute before I get on this call . charlie um , ok , what do I do ? nora you need to get a lawyer and respond immediately . Nicole want to do this amicably but you be leave we no other option , Charlie . charlie I will get a lawyer . can I geta lawyer here ? nora I do not know where '' here '' be . 66 . charlie New York . nora that 's what all that honk be ! no , you will have to come to LA and meet people in LA . charlie nora I be rehearse a -- if you do not respond in Los Angeles by Friday , you will leave we no choice . long dissolve to : ext . rental car area , lax airport . day a plane fly over palm tree and strip mall . we move down to find : Charlie , dress in a black coat and black jeans , wander around aimlessly in a parking lot . int . rental car . day Charlie drive , fiddling with the air conditioning to no apparent success . he look uncomfortable and hot . the sun suddenly blind he through the windshield . charlie ( squinting ) ugh , I can not see .. ( pause ) and I be still drive . ext . sandra 's house , west hollywood , los angele , day Henry come run out . he wear short and high sock . Charlie open he arm but do not get a hug as Henry be on to other thing . henry I and mommy be in the middle of a Super secret treasure hunt -- charlie what be you wear ? Nicole follow . her hair have be dyed blonde . nicole I think the plane land at ten . charlie henry it do . sock pants ! 67 . charlie what be sock pants ? nicole he do not like the breeze on he leg -- charlie nicole there be long pants -- he dress himself . charlie can I talk to you -- henry nicole why do not we ever do a it 's almost noon . treasure hunt ? charlie ( aside to Henry ) we get to get go -- henry I be not do search for my money ! charlie henry ( to Nicole ) no talk alone . can I talk to you fora minute ? Henry , can you wait a minute -- charlie just one bit of talk alone and then I 'il be right there -- he walk Nicole over away from the car and Henry . charlie I get a call from you lawyer . she say you have take everything and custody and everything if I do not respond . nicole charlie that 's how lawyer talk -- yeah , but she 's say thing I do not think you mean -- nicole it 's better if we just let the lawyer do this -- 68 . charlie we say we would figure this out together . Henry start run back to the house . charlie Henry , we need to get go -- nicole henry have you get a lawyer I do not want to go now . yet ? charlie that 's what I be here to do . Charlie open the car door . charlie come on , Henry , I be in a rush -- ( to Nicole ) and I look nora up . she 's fancy . we ... you can not afford she . nicole she say she have make it work -- charlie henry ( shouting ) I have three more clue ! Henry ! charlie ( to Nicole ) why do you start a treasure hunt or whatever so close to my arrival ? nicole you be late , we be kill time . henry I be go to be rich ! nicole ( aloud ) we can finish the treasure hunt later . go with daddy now , it will be fun . ( loud whisper ) I ' 1l have a present for you when you get back as a reward -- 69 . charlie ( glare at Nicole ) he 's not go to the dentist . nicole henry I be try to help -- I be stay here . Henry grab hold of he mom. nicole ( laugh ) ok -- Charlie gently take Henry 's arm . charlie come on -- Henry yank it back . Charlie pull again on Henry who be clutching he Mom . charlie nicole Henry -- you have a booster ? this tug of war feel ridiculous and Charlie let go . charlie I have a booster . Nicole look at the car-seat in the back of the car . nicole it 's not in . charlie nicole what 's not in ? the seat . it 's not connect . Charlie lean in . the car-seat be not connect to anything . Charlie and Nicole , both crouch closely together in the back seat , share a small laugh . charlie I ask the rental company to install it . nicole I think they can not for liability reason -- charlie nicole do you know how this thing - let I do it -- 70 . Henry itches he nose as he watch he parent struggle with the booster seat . nicole no , you have to -- nicole here , you have dig -- henry why '' fuck ? '' nicole you ok ? charlie something 's sharp -- charlie there should be a clip thing , a thing to clip on to . charlie ow , fuck . Charlie get out , he 's sweat and he hand be bleed . henry can not I stay with Mom ? charlie no -- henry why not ? charlie it 's my time with you . I just fly three thousand mile . charlie henry I do not want to -- Henry , get in the fuck car ! Henry laugh uncomfortably and then reluctantly climb in . charlie ( defeat ) I be sorry , but Jesus , get in the fuck car . int . rental car . day Charlie drive . the back . henry he suck on he hand which be bleed look at all the billboard on the strip . Henry sit in how do you spell Lego bionicle ? 71 . charlie that 's two word . what do Lego start with ? henry just tell I . charlie do not you want to learn it ? henry charlie no , it 's on the box anyway . L. henry then what ? charlie yeah . E . you know , everyone at the theater say hi. henry hi . then what ? charlie a '' ggg '' sound . be you excited for Halloween ? henry j? charlie henry then what ? charlie a '' o '' sound . henry charlie be you excited for Halloween ? henry charlie I bring both we costume . henry I be go to go as a store - buy ninja . charlie but we agree , I have donna make you a frankenstein . henry I do not want to be a frankenstein anymore . 72 . charlie be you sure , maybe just look at it ? it 's awesome . we ’1ll be frankenstein and the invisible man ! henry Mom buy I a ninja costume which be better because it cost more . charlie henry technically , the the cousin be also go frankenstein cost more when to be ninjas . you factor in donna 's time and the material -- charlie ( frustrated ) but Henry , we go through all this trouble -- ( catch himself ) ok , whatever you want ... ext./ int . parking entrance Charlie lower the window and stretch he arm out to push the button to get the ticket , but he 's not pull in close enough . he have to open the door , unbuckle himself , and step out to push it . int . office build lobby a wide white space flanke by window . Charlie , still suck on he hand , carry two travel bag and he and Henry , have check in , head toward the elevator bank . charlie henry ( in the middle of a I have be here . previous conversation ) .+-- and so I be not comfortable leave the bag in a car where I have give the key to someone I do not know -- charlie it 's a office building so you have be to place like this before . int . law office Charlie approach the receptionist . 73 . henry I remember that fish . charlie a lot of fish look the same . the receptionist look up . receptionist can I help you -- charlie receptionist I be Charlie barber , I have a ( to the kid ) one thirty with Dan Cohen . oh , hi . where 's you little man ? henry I do not have it this time . I keep my skeleton at my mom 's . Charlie look at Henry strangely and back at the receptionist . she scroll on she computer and frown . receptionist ok ... oh , ok ... I be sorry , we try to reach you , Mr. Cohen want I to apologize . he can not see you because apparently you wife already meet with he on the 7th of August about representation ... charlie but she hire somebody else , uh , nora ... receptionist fanshaw ? but unfortunately because she consult with Mr. Cohen already , he 's legally bar from represent you . charlie receptionist oh ... really ? ( to Henry ) should we feed the fish ? she rise and lead Henry over to the tank . receptionist it happen all the time . if you have a ticket I can validate you parking . 74 . Charlie search for he ticket . he get blood from he hand on the loose bill and receipt in he pocket . receptionist it 's common that people meet with as many lawyer as possible so that they spouse have limited option . charlie I do not think she would have do it deliberately . receptionist you would be surprised . charlie do you go to a lot of office with you mom ? henry not so many . like eleven . ext . mini -mall / fast food restaurant in harsh sunlight , Charlie head for he park car , on the phone , pull a roll bag and haul a duffel . Henry trail behind he , carry Charlie 's lap - top bag and eat a hamburger over a paper bag . henry I do not think anyone would have steal the bag , daddy . charlie ( into the phone ) I need somebody today . if I do not respond by tomorrow , she say I could lose custody ? I do not know who else to call ... there 's get to be someone she do not meet . voice ( loud whisper ) she would kill I if she know we be talk . charlie voice I know . I really appreciate it 's high alert over here . it. 75 . int . sandra 's house , bathroom , los angele . intercut Sandra , she head in a scarf , and tinted blue glass on , run the shower to drow out she conversation and talk in a whisper . she flip through a old address book . sandra ok , I have a name for you . bert spitz . he be the entertainment lawyer at Roberto 's agency , and for year , he negotiate all of Robbie 's dynasty and falcon crest deal . he kind of get push into retirement a few year ago and he go into family law . henry ( read a billboard ) '' they be out for bl -ode . '' charlie henry it 's a double '' o '' . what blo-oode ? sound be that ? charlie blood . you be get good at read . henry '' they be out for blood . '' Charlie and Henry approach the car in the parking lot . sandra I call he and he can see you today at 4 . charlie great ! sandra and he should be more affordable . Charlie open the back door and indicate for Henry to go in . Henry drop he burger on the pavement . henry oh , shit . charlie henry thank you g-ma . thank you . dad ! Sandra now lie on the tile floor look under the bathroom door to see if someone be listen . Mom ?! 76 . sandra we never have this conversation , charlie-bird . charlie get it ! I love you . nicole ( 0.s. ) sandra I have to go -- Sandra hang up . henry I need a new burger . charlie why ? henry because you make we carry you bag into the restaurant , I drop it . Charlie pick up the burger and wipe it off . charlie ( hand it back ) it 's fine , get in the car . henry why do you take I today if you could not hang out with I ? charlie because I have be away and want to see you . ext . alley behind hollywood boulevard . day a cramped parking lot in the back of a old run-down building on Hollywood boulevard . Charlie help Henry out of the back seat . bert ( v.o. ) get a divorce with a kid can be one of the hardest thing you will ever do . it 's like a death without a body . 77 . int . bert spitz 's law office . day a man , late 60' , in slack and a tweed jacket , take a pill from a container and swallow it with a glass of water . this be bert spitz . a grizzle cat wheeze in a corner on a stain pillow . bert I know , personally I have be there four different time . charlie you have be divorced four time ? bert I have be marry four time . Three divorce . this last one will stick God willing . Charlie nod as bert sit across from he . bert that 's why I graduate into family law . to help people survive this painful time . ( lean forward ) here 's how I see it : if we get bog down in who do this and that and '' I do not want to pay the two dollar '' it 's 1ll just cost you more money and time and emotional stress , and you will probably end up with the same result anyway . charlie bert right . I mean , I agree with and I always go with the that philosophy . she do truth wherever that take too , I be sure . we . most people in this business make up the truth to get to where they need to go . bert you be just transaction to they . I like to think of you as people . charlie oh. ok . good . bert and not just you , she too . yes . 78 . charlie bert it can be a ugly process . but I believe it also do not have to be terrible . charlie I be glad to hear you say that . um , I have love to keep expense down as much as possible . bert of course you do . I charge 450 a hour and I ’1l1 need a ten thousand dollar retainer to start . charlie maybe this be a stupid question , but be there any way to do this on a budget ? bert this be the budget version . charlie ( swallow ) I will see if I can get a advance on the Broadway transfer ... bert and keep in mind , you will have to pay for she lawyer . charlie oh ... I do not ... what ? bert or at least part of she . it do not make sense , do it ? the reason you be do this be because you love you kid and in do so you be drain money from you kid 's education . charlie it seem ridiculous . bert oh , it be . bert shuffles through the papers in front of he . 79 . bert we will have to respond right away . ( be : the papers ) you son be in school out here ? charlie temporarily . we agree . her pilot go to series and I want to accommodate she as she 's often feel we do thing on my term . bert be a better husband in divorce . charlie I guess something like that . but we live in New York . bert ( put on he glass ) with you kid in school here , the court may see it otherwise . charlie ( alarmed ) will we go to court ? bert no no no , we do not want to go to court , the California court be a disaster -- it 's just how we have to think about it . ( look back at the papers ) I be not sure this be my glass . ( remove they , stand ) where be you live when you be out here ? charlie bert I be in a hotel right now -- Hotel do not look good . charlie to who ? bert the court . charlie you just say we be not go to go to court . 80 . bert of course , of course . we prepare to go to court hope that we do not go to court . charlie ok . bert you should get a place in LA . and get a place near she . that will look better for custody reason . charlie she 's in West Hollywood . that 's 1ll be expensive . I guess I could rent we New York apartment . bert do not rent it , you need to continue to prove New York residence -- charlie bert ( not sure what he 's and of course get a go to do ) place in LA , do not make it K. look like you all live in New York , do it ? charlie so ... ( hesitates ) what do I do ? bert I recommend you try to spend as much time with you child as possible . many people fight to get the time and then they do not even use it . they just want to win . bert leave he office and disappear down a hallway . Charlie follow . charlie this should not be that complicated , right ? I mean , we be a New York family . I think it 's all pretty straight - forward . right ? 81 . Charlie find bert in a kitchen area . the old cat follow they . bert open a old fridge and take out some of kind of meat and rice in a tupperware container . bert I hope so , yes . I see no reason -- you both love you son , you respect each other -- why this should not be relatively pain -free ? charlie ( pleased ) right . bert gather plastic silverware from a drawer and head through another doorway into a outer office / wait area . Charlie hesitates and follow . Henry look at a magazine on the floor with bert 's associate , nell , 30s . bert ( hand nell he glass ) I think you have my glass -- she take off hers and they swap . she nod . nell that make sense . charlie ( to Henry ) what have you be do ? nell henry we be talk about money . and I be read this magazine . charlie ( look ) you be read California lawyer ? henry uh uh. charlie ok , I be almost do . Henry pet the old cat . 82 . bert I would not expect too much from that cat . Charlie follow bert back to the kitchen . bert I want you to know that eventually this will all be over and whatever we win or lose , it will be the two of you have to figure this out together . charlie ( move ) thank you . you be the first person in this process who have speak to I like a human . bert , tear in he eye , hug Charlie . bert you remind I of myself , on my second marriage . henry ( v.0 . ) mommy ! int . sandra 's house , los angele Henry run in and hug Nicole . Charlie stand in the doorway , he hold the frankenstein Halloween costume . the place be decorate warmly for the holiday and delicious - look food be be prepare by a house - keeper . nicole do you have fun with daddy ? henry we drive around to office . nicole do you want to try on you ninja costume ? it 's on you bed ! henry yeah ! Henry run upstairs . charlie you know I have donna build he this whole frankenstein thing with the plug and -- 83 . nicole charlie the cousin be ninjas so he but he and I have decide want to do that too . together -- nicole I can not make he be frankenstein . charlie I be not ask you to . but maybe you could help I out a little . in 1l leave the frankenstein here and maybe you can nudge he in that direction -- nicole I will try . charlie what 's the ... do you dye you hair again ? be that for you show ? nicole no , this be I . it be this way when I see you before . charlie I know , but I do not say anything then . nicole charlie you do not like it ? no , I guess ... it 's fine . be it short ? I prefer it long , but ... nicole ( laugh bitterly ) I be sorry , it 's just -- absurd . charlie be everything ok ? nicole charlie yeah , why ? you seem ... I do not know like something be -- nicole everything 's fine . charlie ok . Charlie peer over she shoulder again at the warm live room . Nicole stand as a sort of barrier . 84. charlie ok , I be go to check in at the hotel , but should be able to get to you guy by five , five thirty . we will go trick or treat from there -- nicole um , we be go to go to cassie 's in pasadena . charlie nicole cassie life in pasadena and trick - or-treate with now ? the cousin . nicole yeah , she and Sam move a couple of month ago . charlie ok . I do not really know pasadena . I will figure it out . what 's the address ? i’1l1 text Sam . nicole charlie and because my mom be wait until you see my look forward to this and costume . cassie and Sam be -- nicole be mad -- charlie mad at who ? nicole you . charlie nicole cassie and Sam ? you can understand that . nicole -- so I think we should probably do separate halloween -- charlie but if you be ok with it , then should not they be ok with it -- nicole charlie let 's just do it this way do you not want I there ? this time . ok ? 85 . nicole ( hesitates ) no , I be fine with it . charlie nicole ok . it will be nice for he , he 'il get two halloween . charlie what be I go to do with he for second Halloween ? walk around sunset boulevard ? nicole maybe the hotel have something ? or you can drive to another neighborhood ? int . HOTEL room . night Charlie , wrap in gauze , in a brown suit sleep slump over on the couch . the tv be on . the hat in he lap . a beer and a crinkle candy wrapper from the mini-bar on the coffee table . the doorbell ring . he startles awake . he put on the hat , check himself in the mirror , straighten he goggle and gauze and open the door . Nicole be dress in a peach suit and she hair in a sort of pompadour a la David bowie . Henry dawdle behind she , in the hallway . his ninja mask be askew and he costume hang partly off . Charlie , ignore Nicole , greet Henry . charlie ( muffle by the gauze ) ok ! ready for Halloween ! nicole ( be : Charlie 's costume ) wow. elaborate . Charlie adjust he goggle . nicole ( to Henry ) sweetheart , do not forget you jacket . it 's get colder . Henry pass by both of they and into the room . Charlie part the gauze over he mouth so he can talk easier . charlie ( call to Henry ) you ready to go back out ? nicole he have to pee . henry no , I do not . nicole ( to Charlie ) he do . she hand Charlie Henry 's backpack . nicole some of he man and bear bear be in there -- you can keep this bear bear because I get another one -- charlie do he know that there be two bear bear ? 86 . nicole henry ( 0.s. ) yes , it be he idea -- I have LA bear bear and New York bear bear -- Charlie regards Nicole . charlie Station to Station ? nicole let 's dance . ( wave ) ok , bye Henry . have a great Halloween with daddy . ( to Charlie ) have fun . Charlie nod coldly and close the door . henry ( be : the hotel room ) this be a nice house . Henry turn he plastic jack o’ lantern over and he candy on the floor . he lie down and start it . dump all sorting 87 . charlie ( force enthusiasm ) go pee and then we be go back out ! henry I be too tired ! charlie go pee and then we be go to go drive to Halloween ! int . charlie 's rental car Charlie , wiping moisture off the windshield , crane he neck , try to see out the glass . charlie henry this block look promise -- I wish Halloween be over . charlie well , it be not . ( look for parking ) if we be in New York we could be walk . henry but I like that we be sit right now . I like to sit . charlie that 's true , Los Angeles do have sit go for it . henry I think that 's why I like Los Angeles better . charlie henry because you get to sit ? and because I like my friend here better . charlie that 's not true . what about Horatio and poppy and -- henry Horatio do not like I anymore and I do not like poppy . here I have axel . axel be hilarious . and my family be here . besides you . 88 . ext . sunset blvd Cars rush by . the invisible man and a ninja in a parka hold hand look for a open to cross . they dart across the street . they trudge up a steep curvy street behind sunset . they stand outside a house . they ring and wait . nobody answer . henry everyone 's asleep . int . pink dot they approach the convenience store counter . Henry 's mask be come off at this point . charlie say it . henry I do not want to . charlie trick or treat . the seventeen year old clerk look around and hand they some junk . int . charlie 's rental car Charlie drive . Henry be fall asleep in the backseat . int . HOTEL room . night they both exhaustedly enter . Henry turn he plastic jack o’ lantern over and a couple of thing trickle out . something land with a thud . Charlie pick it up . charlie who give you a lighter ? henry ( hold he fly ) I have to pee . Henry go into the bathroom to pee . Charlie get a beer . charlie I be go to have to go back to New York on Monday . 89 . Henry come back out . charlie do you flush ? Henry go back in and do . come back out . charlie wash you hand . Henry return to the bathroom . Charlie hear the water run and then he reappear . charlie do you hear I ? I have to go back to New York . Henry gather some of he toy . henry ( play with he man ) aaah , watch out ... bssshh ! '' I be fall . '' '' I 'o 1ll catch you . '' booom . '' you do not catch I . '' charlie ok ? henry why be not you here more ? charlie I have to work . you know my play be open on Broadway . henry be it because you do not want to be near mom ? charlie no -- you know , like we have talk about , we have decide not to be together no matter where we be . but we both want to be with you . henry but you be not near I if you be in New York . charlie ( clarify ) well , we all still live in New York . 90 . henry yeah . but I go to school here . charlie just for right now . like that time we be in Copenhagen for my play . remember all that kid in bucket ? henry I like my school here and Mom say we can stay here if we want . Charlie freeze . charlie what do you mean ... she say that ? henry yeah . CUT to : Henry be asleep in the king size bed in Charlie 's room with he bear as a pillow . Charlie turn out the light and adjust the cover . he watch Henry for a beat and kiss he on the cheek . nicole ( v.o. ) hello ? ext . HOTEL balcony . night Charlie step out onto the small concrete balcony attach to he room . he 's on the phone . charlie be you move out here ? ext . hollywood halloween party . intercut we see now : Nicole stand out by a pool on the phone . she 's still dress as David bowie . Agents , the ex-husband and wife producer from she show , actor , all in costume , mingle inside and out . nicole ( pause ) do you find a lawyer ? charlie yes . Henry say you be move here ??? nicole have you lawyer call nora. 91 . Charlie click he portable X - acto knife in and out . charlie I want to talk about it as we . nicole who the fuck be '' we ? '' charlie let 's just get in a room , you and I , that 's what we always say we would do . nicole charlie my lawyer would not let I it 's not up to they . it 's sign anything . up to we . it 's our divorce . nicole they say I could later sue they for malpractice . charlie ( frustrated and grow angry ) what be I walk into ? nicole what be you walk into ?! charlie yes ! what the fuck be go on ? nicole I read you fuck email , charlie . I read they all . charlie nicole when ? I do not know . recently ! nicole charlie you be a fucking liar . you -.. shit. fuck Mary ann. charlie ( weakly ) it be after I be sleep on the couch . some guest glance over at Nicole who be now shouting . 92 . nicole and all this bullshit about work on we or whatever , you know what -- I have be work , I have be do the work . alone . charlie how do you read my email ? nicole charlie I hacked into you account I think that 's illegal . you dumb fuck . nicole charlie about a week ago . so do not how do you even know how to give I this shit about do something like that ? be surprised about LA . surprise ! I have opinion . surprise ! I want thing that be not what you want because surprise you be fucking another lady . charlie I think you be conflate two different thing . Mary Ann have nothing to do with LA . nicole I be conflate , motherfucker . watch I conflate ! she hang up and visibly stamp she foot . pablo ( 0.s. ) do you just stamp you foot ? nicole I do not think I have ever do that before . I be sorry I be just so angry . she 's hand a drink by Pablo , the tatted grip from she show . he wear a tight black T-shirt with a ratty flannel throw over it and black jeans . pablo you look like you need one . nicole I do . thanks . 93 . pablo you know the japanese be make really interesting tequila right now . nicole ( distract ) that 's exciting , I guess . pablo what be you so angry about ? nicole ugh , my fuck ex-husband . I spend so much time feel guilty , but he 's so self - absorb it 's pointless . it 's a game I be play with myself . pablo nicole ( shaking she hand ) you hold the bounce board ! oh , hey , Pablo . we meet at the -- pablo the flirty grip ! int . pablo 's grip truck they be make out in the front seat . what ? nicole here 's what I want you to only do , ok ? pablo nicole I want you to finger I . pablo what ? nicole just finger I . pablo ok . nicole that 's all we be go to do , ok ? just finger . I be change my whole fuck life . fade to Black . 94 , nora ( v.o. ) Nicole and Charlie 's son , Henry , be bear here in Los Angeles and currently attend Laurel elementary in Laurel Canyon -- int . conference room , century CITY , LA . day close on Nicole . nora ( 0.s. ) -- and Nicole work in Hollywood on she show while also maintain a full schedule as a mother with class of swim , art , gym and music as well as play group . and then CUT to Charlie , in a dark wool suit , who sweat . nora ( 0.s. ) Nicole be Henry 's primary custodial parent and to the extent that Charlie would like to exercise he custodial time , he should be make effort to visit Henry here in California . and now intercut between they two face as if they be have a conversation , though neither of they open they mouth . they both listen to they representative , sometimes with emotion , other time anger , disbelief , and self - consciousness . they occasionally look at they hand or jot down a note . bert ( 0.s. ) nora , you seem to be ignore the fact that they live in New York for ten year -- nora ( 0.s. ) my client work in New York , for several year -- that 's true . but Nicole be bear and breed right here in LA . she and Charlie would come here most holiday and summer to spend time with she family who all live here . she and Charlie be marry here , would you like to see the photo ? we CUT wide . the room have big window with view of other surround glass office . 95 . Nicole sit next to nora who look amazing in a expensive , fitte power suit and heel . behind they sit , amir , nora 's associate . bert I do not need to see the photo -- although I be sure they both look beautiful -- bert grin at Charlie who seem to be sweat through he wool blazer . they sit across the wide table . bert 's associate nell behind they in a chair by the window . bert it 's my client 's expectation that after this tv show be complete , the party will move back to New York where they currently keep a apartment -- nora and it 's my understanding that Charlie promised Nicole that they would spend more time in LA during the marriage but because of Charlie 's insistence that he work keep they in New York , Nicole end up stay much longer than she ever anticipate . in fact , a few year ago , Charlie be offer a residency at the geffen playhouse that would have take he work and family to LA for a year and he turn it down know full well that this be Nicole 's desire . bert he want to maintain consistency for he family and he child . nora be this the same consistency he want to maintain when they go to Copenhagen for six month so he could direct a play ? a assistant have she head in the door try to get amir 's attention . 96 . nora so , while I understand that charlie life in New York and when it 's convenient for he work schedule , fly out here to see he son -- bert nora he fly out here every ( look at Charlie ) chance he get at great I do not see any reason you expense - - can not be out here full - time . amir acknowledge the anxious assistant and interrupt . amir oh ... sorry . do we want to contemplate lunch -- I 'il order now so it 'il come when we be all hungry ? bert amir good idea . everyone good with manny 's ? bert nora I love manny 's . ( to Charlie ) have you have manny 's ? Charlie be take aback , unsure how to process this question . he shake he head . nora you 'il love it , just really yummy salad and sandwich . charlie ( nod ) great . amir pass out menus . order be make , bert specify no butter or cream . it get to Charlie , he 's unsure . charlie ( be : the menu ) hmm , I do not know -- sorry ... nicole ( reflexively ) Charlie will have the greek salad . charlie nicole ok . but with olive oil and lemon instead of the greek dress , and I ‘'1ll get the chinese chicken salad . 97 . Charlie nod , satisfied . amir write down the order and hand they to a associate who exit . nora get up to pour herself and Nicole more coffee . nora congratulation , Charlie , on you grant , Nicole tell I . charlie bert ( can not help but smile ) he 's a genius . thank you . he tussle Charlie 's hair . everyone laugh awkwardly . Charlie blushes . Nicole smile sweetly , sense he discomfort . nora raise a mug , offer Charlie . charlie oh , thanks . nora I tell Nicole , I love you play . you be one smart cookie . I would love to get inside you brain ! charlie thanks . nora there be that one moment when you smell the toast . ( to amir ) smell ! it be literally my favorite thing I see that year . truly genius . bert ( to Charlie ) I be sorry to hear it close on Broadway . charlie ( to himself ) they could not smell the toast . Charlie look at bert , like why bring that up ? bert it 's very competitive , I imagine . Charlie nod . nora place the coffee in front of Charlie . charlie thanks . silence . 98 . nora ( launching back in ) now , whenever Charlie be in LA , Nicole , of course , agree that it will best for Henry to see each parent equally -- ( to Charlie ) it 's nice out here , Charlie . you should give it a chance . amir yeah , and the space -- you can not beat it . bert I love it too , but all of we personal feeling about the two city aside , we do not share you assertion that the couple be a LA base family . it be very clearly they deal that they would go back to New York after Nicole finish she show . nora I be not aware of any deal . charlie ( can not help himself ) I do not get it in write . nora Charlie , be this like the deal you make that you and Nicole would spend more time in LA during the marriage ? charlie ( flustered ) we do not have a deal . it be something we discuss ... but ... nora so , it 's a deal when it 's something you want , but it 's a discussion when Nicole want it ? bert sidebar ! ( put he hand on Charlie 's arm ) ( more ) 99 . bert ( cont 'd ) nora , be there a spare office , where Charlie and I could sidebar ? int . smaller conference room a small , windowless , bare impersonal room with a table , a phone , some leave - out coffee cup and a plate with crumb . bert ( a bit overwhelm ) nora 's a very good lawyer . charlie bert uh huh. ( impressed ) tough , right ? charlie yeah . bert and you be in a bind because you have show that you be willing to fly out here and rent a apartment to see you son -- charlie you tell I to do that ! bert charlie I know that . and I be do that because I want to see my kid . not to set a precedent . bert yes , but unfortunately you be set a precedent . and a judge may look at it that way . charlie what 's the alternative ? I stay in New York and never come out here ? bert no , because then it will look to the court like you do not care about see you son . charlie Court or no court , stop say court and then never court ! bert well , the way this be go , we might have to go to court . 100 . charlie be you aware how madden you sound ? bert I be . and I know it seem unfair . but imagine if you be a poor mother abandon by she husband who refuse to pay anything . that 's what the system be try to protect people from . Charlie nod . bert listen , if I be represent you -- charlie you be represent I . bert right , no , of course . I do not see a judge move this child from LA -- I think we try to settle today -- charlie settle meaning ... what ? bert she get LA , but -- charlie ( upset ) no , bert ... just no . I mean , we have to win this ? bert remember , the win be what 's best for Henry . and if you guy go to court , he ’1ll get pull into it . charlie if he stay out here and I stay in New York , that 's just , then I will not , I will never get to really be he parent again . bert it will be different . charlie it will not exist ! 101 . bert maybe you move here . you hear what amir say about the space . charlie fuck the space , bert . fuck the space . bert i’1l do whatever you want I to do , but this be my advice . I have see this thing go on and on and the burden of this battle be immeasurable . I have a client get colon cancer and die before he and he wife come to agreement . charlie what about filing in New York ? bert it 's too late and even if you do , I do not think it would matter . they be be reasonable financially . you be lucky they be not ask for half of you grant money -- charlie she would not do that . she know , I put all that money back in my theater . bert if this continue , she might . charlie the actor and crew all rely on that money , they have family and - - a court would never agree with this , right ? bert whether they do or not , it 's 1ll cost you half you grant money anyway to go to court and prove it . Charlie deflate . charlie I feel like a criminal . bert but you do not commit any crime . 102 . charlie it do not feel that way . bert if we give on LA right now and try to make the best deal possible , I think we can get she to give on some other front . charlie there be no other front . this be the thing . ( suddenly emotional ) he need to know that I fight for he . bert charlie he 'il know . ( dismay ) I do not -- I should never have let she come out here with Henry . bert if it be not LA and New York it would be something else . you would be fight over a house or school district or ... it 's like the joke about the woman at the hairdresser who 's go to Rome -- charlie bert a woman be at she hairdresser 's and she say , '' oh , I be go to Rome on holiday '' and the hairdresser say -- Charlie stare at the clock on the wall . bert '' what airline be you take ? '' and she say , '' Al Italia . '' and he say , '' oh that 's the worst airline I have - - " he continue the joke as Charlie observe the second hand move around the circle . finally : charlie I be sorry , bert , but be I pay for this joke ? bert hesitates . 103 . bert no matter what happen here , it 's temporary . he 's grow up , he 's go to have opinion on the subject . time be on you side , Charlie . maybe he ’1ll do college on the East Coast . CUT to : Henry 's face . he 's talk animatedly about how much money he have in he piggybank . henry I have my quarter and dime at daddy 's , but I be keep my dollar and my one twenty with you , ok ? Charlie watch he . int . charlie 's rental apartment . evening Nicole 's face be on the computer screen in front of Henry . he 's do face time with she . the place be small and mostly bare with furniture that come with it . close : a bill from bert 's firm for 25 thousand dollar . Charlie sit at a table with a stack of bill , legal letter , and a checkbook open . he hesitates . nicole ( 0.s . ) goddamn it . henry what 's goddamn it ? nicole do you lose power where you be ? henry dad , do we lose power ?! charlie ( look up ) no . nicole it 's back on now . there be roll blackout in the hill but now the gate will not close . henry her gate will not close ! 104 . ext . nicole 's new house , echo park . night Nicole stand outside in the dark . the gate be wide open . Charlie appear from the shadow hold Henry 's hand . Henry run and hug he mom . charlie you try all the -- nicole I try everything . henry can I look at my room ? nicole of course . Henry run inside . they remain outside . nicole charlie I be sorry I make you come it 's fine -- out -- nicole charlie it 's just -- you do not want you gate open . nicole right . charlie there should be a panel or something either inside or -- she stand in the threshold , block he path . she point toward a white box amongst tree in the yard . nicole I think this be something -- he step over some bush and inspect the alarm system . charlie it 's a cute house . nicole charlie ( pleased ) I mean , from what I can see . thanks . nicole you be get shaggy . 105 . charlie yeah , I have to find a haircutter . nicole ( pause ) do you want I to cut it ? charlie ( hesitates ) ok . nicole I will get scissors . ext . nicolem porch Charlie , shirtless , a towel around he shoulder , sit very still on a chair . Nicole cut he hair . the porch light illuminate . nicole Close you eye . Charlie do . close on the scissors snipping across he shut eye . ext . nicole's new place . echo park , LA . night Nicole carry the sleep Henry . they both smile at the sweetness . Henry stir . nicole he 's out . maybe he should stay here tonight -- charlie it 's my night . she nod and hand he to Charlie . CUT to : Charlie and a tired Henry pull on the gate . Nicole help , drag from the other side . it start to close . they yank it shut , close she in and they out . we CUT quickly between they both just as it close . we stay with she . fade to Black . the sound of a couple loudly argue in Spanish . 106 . int . los angele courthouse , hallway . morning a man and woman be shouting at each other . the lawyer try to separate they . various bench be fill with the other divorce couple , man and woman sit apart from one another with they individual representative . in they midst , nora and Nicole sit on a bench in the wide , dingy hallway . amir sort through document nearby . nora I think we be mostly finish . bert and I hammer out ninety - percent of the detail , there 's a couple minor thing hang that should be easy and then the judge will make you divorce official . nicole ok , good -- nora I hear the tracking for you show be off the chain -- nicole oh , I do not even know what that mean , but good I guess -- nora I make sure the date of separation come after the pilot pick - up to protect that money -- ( suddenly ) fuck I . nicole what ? she follow nora 's gaze to jay marotta who march down the hallway , confer with Charlie . jay marotta it 's not television . it 's not a wise judge play by a great character actor . this be just people open to manipulation like anyone else . you think it 's justice , but it 's not . nicole who be that ? 107 . nora Charlie should not have do this . nicole what do you mean ? where 's bert ? nora it mean everything we have agree upon be now off the table . jay and Charlie take a bench a way away . jay say hi to some other lawyer . nicole but , we have get LA , right -- nora not with jay marotta represent he . this be a street fight now . and I be go to have to ask for thing we would not normally ask for . we will need as much leverage as possible to negotiate with . nora rise with a pinch smile -- nora this system reward bad behavior . -- and greet jay . Nicole look over at Charlie who do not meet she eye . int . court room . day the low hum of a copier machine and periodic mouse - click from a computer . jay marotta a little history . jay speak in front of the judge who clearly have a bad cold . Charlie sit at the end of the table with Ted , the associate . Nicole be at the corresponding end of a adjacent table next to nora and amir . jay marotta ten year ago , Charlie take a risk when he first hire Nicole as a actress in he play in New York City . ( more ) 108 . jay marotta ( cont 'd ) he 's a well regard , up and come director of the avant garde and she 's know as the girl in that college sex movie who take she top off . nora my client will not be slut - shame for a artistic choice . nora take a moment . nora Charlie have just receive the enormous sum of six hundred and fifty thousand dollar in the form of a macarthur grant for the theater work he have conduct during the marriage . nora jay marotta ten year on and many prestigious theater role later , she 's become a actress of great credibility . and because of this credibility , she 's offer a lead roll ona major television show . new opportunity in she be thanks to Charlie . you honor , I do not see why we should be pay any support money at this point . in fact , Charlie should be entitle to half of she tv salary , present and future earning on the show . this life jay marotta of which he get in 125 thousand installment over five year , money that be use to employ actor and crew member and to pay back debt he 's accumulate with he theater company that star he wife . by jay 's same logic , this be work that Nicole contribute to in numerous way . not give up a lucrative career in movie to little theater , she Charlie with a loan help out . jay which he pay back -- only do she and successful perform in he also supply early on to nora she leat she name to the marquee and be the principle reason people come to the theater . 109 . jay nora that may have be true ten she , in turn , help year ago -- establish Charlie 's reputation . Charlie look over at Nicole . she look down . nora over the next ten year she be subsequently offer part in movie , tv show , most of which she turn down at Charlie 's bequest to be a mother and to act in he play . now , while we be willing to be flexible on support we contend that half of Charlie 's grant money should be split between the party . Charlie look at jay . oh , jay marotta I do not see how you can claim that she get half a grant dedicated to he genius . nora he become a genius during the course of the marriage . jay marotta nora come on , nora . Charlie , himself , upon hearing he receive the prize , tell Nicole it belong to she too . jay marotta that 's something people say when they win award . nora no , he be imply what be true : he genius be a intangible asset build during the marriage . Charlie and Nicole both stare at the floor . 110 . jay marotta nora , I like how you refer to Charlie 's theater as a ramshackle downtown dump when you be argue custody , but when you want more money , Charlie 's a big rich genius Broadway director . you can not have it both way . nora why not ? and whether you think it 's fair or not , jay , the first monetary installment from the macarthur grant be then put in a joint marital account and thus become community property so this and any further installment should be split between the party . jay whisper to Charlie . jay turn jay marotta fuck . you should not have put that money in the joint account . charlie there 's not go to be anything leave anyway , I be use it all to divorce she ... back to nora . jay marotta nora , I have to say you account of this marriage take place in a alternate reality . by suddenly moving to LA , and insist on a LA residence , Nicole be withhold Henry , alienate he from he father . this have turn Charlie 's world upside down . it amount to a ambush . nora withhold , jay ? really ? alienate . that be fight word and it be simply false and do nothing to further we settlement . you recap of this situation be outrageous . ( more ) 111 . nora ( cont 'd ) and although California be , without doubt , a no-fault state , it do bear mention in the accurate recap of this situation that Charlie have have extramarital affair -- charlie a extramarital affair . nora turn and stare at Charlie . nora do you really want I to go there ? jay marotta let 's go there . Nicole have admit to hacking Charlie 's computer and read he email . nora turn to Nicole who shrug . jay stand . jay marotta which if prove be a felony . and nora , I do not think you 'il be happy if I start to ask Nicole about she alcohol consumption in the evening -- nicole what ? jay marotta she confide in Charlie one night recently , have just carry Henry to bed , that she be have trouble stand while walk down the staircase . from what I understand this be not a isolate event . you let I know , nora , otherwise we will go there as need . jay sit back down . Nicole stare at Charlie who look humiliate . nora Charlie , can I ask you : how can you expect to have more time with Henry when you do not exercise the time you have and exercise it responsibly . ( more ) 112 . nora ( cont 'd ) on a recent visit to Los Angeles , after fail to text , call or communicate in any way , shape or form , Charlie finally arrive two hour late to pick up Henry at Nicole 's mother 's house . at that point the car seat which he assure Nicole have be professionally install be clearly not even belt in , just sit on the back seat . jay turn to Charlie . jay marotta charlie you have to buckle the seat I know that . I think the in , man , it 's the law . car rental place do it . jay marotta charlie they can not do it , it ’sa I know that now ! once we liability -- discover that , we fix it . the judge wipe he runny nose and interrupt -- Charlie 's CUT to : a politely . judge ( to jay and nora ) counsel , you can see my courtroom be full and there be people who do not have the resource you client have . and I be fairly certain you have not exhaust in good faith the argument in the case of this child . in the meantime , we will keep the status quo . this remain a LA family for the time be . face drop . judge I take over this department recently and be still become acquainted with the case so I be go to appoint a expert evaluator who know much more about young child than I do . once the evaluation be do we will modify the order where necessary . door open revealing Nicole . she smile nicole hey . int . charlie' rental apartment . day Charlie , somewhat formally , usher she in . 113. charlie where 's Henry ? nicole charlie he 's with cassie and she you want something to drink ? kid at laser tag . charlie I have unfiltered tap water , beer and some juice box . nicole I 'il have a juice box . he go into the kitchen . she look at he rental place . it make she sad . nicole you do not have anything on the wall . charlie ( 0.s. ) I do not have anything to put on they except Henry 's art which be be frame . nicole I can give you some thing , you know until you get some stuff ... how about that great picture of Henry on the staten Island ferry -- charlie ( 0.s. ) be not you in that one ? nicole charlie ( 0.s. ) oh , right , I guess I be . oh , I be go to have to ( shrug ) leave a day early to go to I guess you can cut I out ? New York on the 22nd so I be wonder if I could take Henry that Friday -- nicole the 22nd ? so , that 's the 21st ? we have plan actually . we be go to this thing at lacma with the cousin -- 114 . he reappear and hand she a juice box . charlie nicole but could you change it so I it 's only that night . he 's can take he -- look forward to it . charlie really ? nicole it 's my night , Charlie , we negotiate it . charlie nicole ( coldly ) I mean ... what ? ok . fine. charlie no , I be just ask you to be flexible -- nicole I am flexible . you come in and out and I adjust base on you schedule . this one night we happen to have to have ticket to a thing . I mean ... charlie it 's not only this one night , but fine ... she open the straw , and use it to puncture the hole and sip the drink . nicole Henry 's teacher want to meet with we . charlie you mean he LA teacher -- nicole charlie can you respond to the email yeah , I have be distract . so we can set a time ? nicole I understand . they just want to rule out everything , you know , with he read . charlie I think he 's just over - anxious . I think he want it so much . 115 . nicole charlie I know , he quit too easily they say he 's off the if thing be not easy for chart in math . he . you know , he 's like we , he 's stubborn . nicole he 's still a lousy Monopoly player because he try to save all he money . Charlie laugh . Nicole smile . nicole so ... I think we should talk . charlie nicole uh huh . I feel like maybe thing have go too far . charlie uh huh . nicole I mean , my mom have take out a loan against the house to help I pay nora - charlie I think I pay nora . nicole you pay thirty percent of nora . charlie well , I be go break too if that 's any help . I have just agree to direct two shitty play and we can forget put anything away for Henry 's college . nicole ( try not to take the bait ) it 's just that ... up until now we have be able to keep Henry at least somewhat remove . and this will change that . charlie nicole uh huh . and we have to protect he . charlie I agree . 116 . nicole nora say the evaluator will come into we home . she will interview Henry in addition to we , we family , friend , enemy ... and then she 'il observe we with he , how we be as parent . charlie sound awful . nicole I know ! I feel like if anyone observe I on any give day as a mom , I have never get custody . ( pause ) that be a joke . charlie I know . I feel the same way . nicole ( smile ) right . so , maybe we can figure something out between we -- charlie you 'il remember I say this to you at the beginning . nicole I know you do , but this be different circumstance -- charlie nicole I be anticipate this mm hm . anyway ... shall we circumstance -- try this ? charlie ( pause ) there 's a long silence . they both laugh . charlie I do not know how to start ... nicole do you understand why I want to stay in LA ? charlie no. 117 . nicole well , that 's not ... Charlie , that 's not a useful way for we to start -- charlie I do not understand it . nicole you do not remember promise that we could do time out here ? charlie we discuss thing . we be marry , we say thing . we talk about move to Europe , about get a sideboard or what do you call it , a credenza , to fill that empty space behind the couch . we never do any of it . nicole charlie and you turn down that it be not something I residency at the geffen that want . we have a great would have bring we here theater company and a great and -- life where we be . nicole you call that a great life . charlie you know what I mean . nicole charlie I discover you be do not pretend you be not fuck Mary Ann -- capable of deception . you leave Ben for I . charlie I do not mean we have a great marriage . I mean , life in Brooklyn ... professionally . I do not know . honestly I never consider anything different . nicole well , that 's the problem be not it ? I be you wife , you should have consider my happiness too . charlie come on ! you be happy . you have just decide you be not now -- we do say I think - 118. nicole ( not take the bait ) so , ok , let 's ... I work here now . my family be here . charlie and I agree to put Henry in school here because you show go to series . I do that knowing that when you be do shoot , he would come back to New York ... nicole honey , we never say that . that might have be you assumption , but we never expressly say that ... charlie nicole it . when do we say it ? charlie I do not know when we say it , but we say it ! nicole charlie ( remember something ) we say it that time on the phone -- nicole let I finish . honey -- ( hesitates , angry at herself ) sorry , I keep say that . ( resume ) I think ... that if Henry be happy out here and my show continue , that we might do LA for a while . charlie I be not privy to that think process . nicole the only reason we do not live here be because you can not imagine desire other than you own unless they be force on you . 119 . charlie ok , you wish you have not marry I , you wish you would have a different life . but this be what happen . nicole ( try to stay calm ) so what do we do ? charlie I do not know . nicole nora say there 's no come back from this . charlie fuck nora . I hate fuck nora tell I I always live in LA even though I never live in LA . how could you have she say that thing about I ? nicole jay say they about I too ! ( hesitates ) you should not have fire bert . charlie I need my own asshole ! nicole let 's both agree both of we lawyer have say shitty stuff about both of we -- charlie nora be worse . nicole charlie jay call I a alcoholic ! you pull the rug out from under I and you be put I through hell -- nicole charlie you put I through hell be that what that be ? during the marriage ! Hell ? nicole and now you be go to put Henry through this horrible thing so you can yet again get what you want . 120 . charlie it 's not what I want ... I mean , it 's what I want , but it 's what be ... be ... what 's best for he . nicole I be wonder when you have get around to Henry and what he actually want . charlie oh , fuck off -- nicole no , you fuck off . if you listen to you son , or anyone , he have tell you he have rather live here . charlie nicole stop put you feeling he tell I he like it here about I onto Henry . better . charlie he tell you because he know it 's what you want to hear ! nicole he tell I you be on the phone all the time . you do not even play with he . charlie nicole because I be go through a you be fight for divorce in LA and try to something you do not even direct a play in New York . want . charlie which close because I be not there ! that be a huge opportunity for I . for the theater . and I let everyone down . nicole you be be so much like you father . charlie do not compare I to my father . nicole I do not compare you . I say you be act like he . 121. charlie you be exactly like you mother ! everything you complain about she , you be do . you be suffocating Henry . nicole charlie first of all , I love my I be just repeat what mother , she be a great you have tell I -- mother ! nicole secondly , how dare you compare my mother to my mother ? I might be like my father , but I be not like my mother . charlie you be ! and you be like my father . you be also like my mother . you be all the bad thing about all of this people . but mostly you mother . when we would lie in bed together , sometimes I would look at you and see her and just feel so gross . nicole I feel repulse when you touch I . charlie nicole you be a slob . I make all the think of have sex the bed , close all the with you make I want to cabinet , pick up after peel my skin off . you like a infant -- charlie you will never be happy . in LA or anywhere . you will think you find some better , opposite guy than I and in a few year you will rebel against he because you need to have you voice . but you do not want a voice . you just want to fuck complain about not have a voice . nicole I think of be marry to you and that woman be a stranger to I . 122. charlie nicole you have regress . you have we have a child 's marriage . go back to you life before you meet I . it 's pathetic . nicole people use to say to I that you be too selfish to be a great artist . I use to defend you . but they be absolutely right . charlie nicole all you best act be you gaslight I . you be a behind you . you be back to fuck villain . be a hack . charlie you want to present yourself as a victim because it 's a good legal strategy , fine . but you and I both know you chose this life . you want it until you do not . Nicole be silent . charlie you used I so you could get out of LA . nicole charlie I do not use you -- you do and then you blame I for it . you always make I aware of what I be do wrong , how I be fall short . charlie life with you be joyless . nicole so you have to fuck someone else ? how could you ? charlie you should not be upset that I fuck she , you should be upset that I have a laugh with she . nicole do you love she ? 123 . charlie no ! but she do not hate I . you hate I . nicole you hate I . you fuck someone we work with . charlie you stop have sex with I in the last year . I never cheat on you . nicole that be cheating on I . charlie but there 's so much I could have do . I be a director in my 20' who come from nothing and be suddenly on the cover of fuck time out New York . I be hot shit — - and I want to fuck everybody and I do not . and I love you and do not want to lose you ... and I be in my twenty and I do not want to lose that too . and you want so much so fast ... I do not even want to get marry ... and fuck it , there 's so much I didn ’t do . nicole well , thanks for that . charlie you be welcome . you be ... welcome . Nicole stamp she foot and shake she fist like a child have a tantrum . nicole I can not believe I have to know you forever ! charlie you be fuck insane ! Charlie raise he arm and punch the wall . the cheap dry - wall crack and chip . charlie and you be fuck win . 124 . nicole be you kid ? I want to be marry . I have already lost . ( sadly ) you do not love I as much as I love you . charlie ( pause ) what do that have to do with LA ? Nicole stare at he , incredulous . charlie nicole what ? you be so merge with you own selfishness that you do not even identify it as selfishness anymore . you 're such a dick . charlie every day I wake up and hope you be dead -- Dead like -- and then Charlie start cry . charlie ( through tear ) if I could guarantee Henry would be ok , I have hope you get a illness and then get hit by a car and die . he sink down , weep . all this vitriol have take its toll . Nicole watch , take aback . she walk over and gently put she hand on he shoulder . he shake and cry . nicole I know . finally , he look up at she . charlie I be sorry . nicole I too . set designer ( v.o. ) try the chair by the window ... 125 . int . charlie 's rental . day Charlie get a delivery of rental plate , glass , furniture , plant . he stand on he balcony direct the delivery man . Charlie set-decorate he rental . he skype with agnes , he set designer from the theater . holding out the computer to show she the apartment . he busy a stack of board game with Henry . he and Henry get Henry 's drawing at framer . they hang the art-work . henry why do we have so many plant all of a sudden ? charlie we will have to return some of this stuff so do not get too use to it . henry my mom be the last person to turn into a plant on she show . charlie yeah ? henry ( nervously touch a fern ) I find plant kind of scary . charlie this plant be good guy . ( hesitates ) hey , tomorrow this woman be go to come and visit we and be with we while we eat dinner . henry be it you girlfriend ? charlie no , no ... henry mommy 's boyfriend ? 126. charlie no , why ... do mommy have a boyfriend ? henry I do not know . do she ? charlie I do not know . henry I do not know . why be someone watch we eat dinner ? charlie I know , it 's weird . it 's just something we have to do which have to do with mommy and I figure out everything ... and how we be go to be and ... you know ? henry will you read to I ? Charlie and Henry lie down on the floor against the blank wall and Charlie start read to he . evaluator ( v.o. ) any history of domestic violence ? int . office . day we stay on Nicole who sit face a unseen evaluator . nicole oh ... no . you mean come from I ? no . not come from he either ... evaluator ( 0.s. ) have you be to prison ? nicole yes , actually . well , not prison . jail . but it be deliberate . evaluator ( 0.s. ) ok . nicole I be demonstrate as part of a grandmother for peace rally . I be with my mom , but she do not go to jail . ( more ) ok . with ? ok . 127 . nicole ( cont 'd ) ( laugh , remember ) somehow she avoid that part . but I do . evaluator ( 0.s. ) do you use drug or alcohol ? nicole I drink alcohol . evaluator ( 0.s. ) how much alcohol do you drink ? nicole I do not know . Glass of wine with dinner . sometimes more ? evaluator ( 0.s. ) how much more ? nicole well , sometimes , a few ... I sometimes split a bottle of wine with someone ? evaluator ( 0.s. ) nicole who do you split it I mean , if I be have dinner with someone and we order a bottle of wine . evaluator ( 0.s. ) nicole you know , like if you be at a restaurant and you say , '' should we go by the glass or get a bottle ? '' evaluator ( 0.s. ) you get a bottle . nicole sometimes ! sometimes I go by the glass . you know , it depend ... ( hesitates ) do you mean drug ever ? I have do drug . in college . I do not do it regularly . evaluator ( 0.s. ) anything since you have be a mother ? nicole pot a few time . Coke once at a party . but Henry be not with I . silence . 128. evaluator ( 0.s. ) what would you say be you strength as a parent ? nicole I listen . I play . I put in the time . I love take care of he , watch he grow up ... sometimes it 's true what they say about it go so fast , but sometimes it 's not . sometimes it go too slow , honestly ... evaluator ( 0.s. ) what be you weakness ? nicole I be too precise . I care too much . evaluator ( 0.s. ) be that weakness ? nicole ( smile ) maybe not . ( think ) you know what , he can be a asshole and I can get really piss off . I / x11 call he on be a asshole and -- nora ( 0.s. ) I be go to stop you there . nora stand up from behind the female associate who be do the practice interview with Nicole . we be in nora 's office . nora do not ever say that . people do not accept a mother who drink too much wine and yell at she child and call he a asshole . I get it . I do it too . while she talk she also text and address email on she phone. 129 . nora we can accept a imperfect dad . let 's face it , the idea of a good father be only invent like 30 year ago . before that father be expect to be silent and absent and unreliable and selfish and we can all say that we want they to be different but on some basic level we accept they , we love they for they fallibility . but people absolutely don 's T accept that same failing in mother . ( building up steam ) we do not accept it structurally and we do not accept it spiritually because the basis of we judeo- Christian whatever be Mary mother of Jesus and she 's perfect . she 's a virgin who give birth , unwaveringly support she child , and hold he dead body when he 's go . but the dad be not there . he do not even do the fuck because God 's in heaven . God be the father and God do not show up so you have to be perfect and Charlie can be a fuck up and it do not matter . you ’1ll always be hold to a different , higher standard and it 's fucked up , but that 's the way it be . int . charlie' rental apartment . evening Charlie be cooking a elaborate dinner . the bell ring . he take a deep breath . he glance into Henry 's room . he 's play by himself on the floor . he walk through the set-decorate live room which look relatively homey , full of warmth and board game and picture of Charlie and Henry . Charlie open the door . a diminutive woman with frizzy hair be stare at the door across the hall . she startles , turn around and smile and put out she hand . evaluator I think I ring the wrong bell . Nancy katz. 130 . charlie ( shaking ) hi , I be Charlie barber . Nancy , can I get you anything ? evaluator oh , I be easy . a glass of water ? Kitchen . Charlie open up a cabinet . plates . he open another cabinet . pot . a third cabinet . empty . finally he find glass in a low cupboard . he glance back at the evaluator who wait patiently . charlie it 's a new apartment . Charlie and Nancy take they drink to the dining room table . charlie shall we go in here ? evaluator sure . what 's a day like for the two of you here ? charlie well , if he have school , I take he there , of course and pick he up , assume I can do both . evaluator what prevent you from pick he up ? charlie um , you know , work . I be prepare a play I be direct in a few month . evaluator oh , what be that ? charlie kasimir and karoline by odon von horvath ? we be do it at the barrow in New York . evaluator so , you have to be away ? 131. charlie yes . recently , since Nicole have be work on this show in LA , I come back and forth a lot . evaluator that sound difficult . charlie it be . and expensive . i’11 try to take he with I some of the time , but Nicole do not like for he to fly so much . evaluator that can be hard on a child . all that recycle air . charlie ( hesitates ) well , he 's sturdy . evaluator some parent will not take they kid to a restaurant because of this super bug . charlie evaluator uh huh . ( look at she note ) I notice on one visit to Los Angeles , you come on a Sunday and leave ona Thursday . why not stay for a weekend ? charlie oh ...on that time , I have tech for electra back in New York . evaluator what 's that ? charlie evaluator it be my Broadway debut . I do not know what tech be . charlie it 's the technical part of the production . you figure out the light and -- evaluator charlie ( move forward ) ( still explain ) and what 's a weekend day Monday be we day off in like ? theater -- 132 . charlie ( discover he mouth be dry ) well , out here he have basketball on Saturday at 12 , 11 , I be sorry and so we go there . ( swallow ) and then afterwards , maybe we ’1ll get lunch somewhere and then if there 's a movie to see ... evaluator do he like basketball ? charlie he do . his coach , um , Rick say he 's a good dribbler and I have see that ... evaluator uh huh . charlie ron . I be sorry . his coach 's name be ron. Rick 's he dentist in New York . the evaluator write something in she book . charlie well , you know we home home be ... be in New York . that 's where we live and -- evaluator New York be a long way from here . charlie we like it because we can walk . evaluator you can walk here . charlie not really . evaluator and the space . Charlie nod . CUT to : henry 's room Henry play on the floor . the evaluator sit in a chair . 133. evaluator do you like you school ? henry I love it . evaluator what 's you favorite part about it ? henry I do not know . maybe gym . charlie ( 0.s. ) you like math -- henry math be boring . Charlie enter and hand Henry a plate with cut - up apple . Henry take it . henry thanks . charlie you be welcome . but you be get really good at it . henry no . charlie well , you be , but ... Charlie exit . evaluator what do you and you dad like to do together ? henry when I be at my dad 's we sometimes watch a movie or build a Lego or something . my dad 's a great Lego builder . Nancy smile . hallway Charlie listen at the door , smile . 134 . evaluator ( 0.s. ) and at you mom 's ? henry ( 0.s. ) at home , I have most of my toy and - Charlie bristle at the word '' home '' use to describe Nicole 's . henry' room henry -- there 's a pool and I have a tree - house and jungle gym . we play lot of game . we have Super secret treasure hunt which be really fun . cut to : kitchen Charlie be make ground meat and potato and spinach . he have a lot of burner go at once , make a mess . charlie sweetheart , do you want to help I set the table . henry ( 0.s. ) do I have to ? charlie just come in here and grab a plate and -- henry ( 0.s. ) I be play . charlie Henry ! henry' room Henry play with he man on the floor . the evaluator sit in a chair nearby . henry ( grudgingly ) o - k . Henry get off he chair and go into -- kitchen uck . 135 . charlie why be you be like this ? henry what ? charlie if I ask you to help out , help out . henry ( eat something from the pan ) what be this ? charlie it 's special meal . henry what be the green thing ? there be not green thing in special meal . charlie it 's just a garnish . henry charlie here , I ’1ll take it off . henry I do not want to eat anything it touch . charlie it do not change the taste of anything . henry I might want to be a vegetarian . Mom 's a vegetarian . charlie be she a vegetarian now ? henry yeah . charlie ( prickly ) well , then you should like garnish . it 's all garnish , vegetarianism . 136 . Charlie look over . Nancy stand , watch , in the threshold of the kitchen . evaluator I be do with my water . she return she water to the sink . dine area Charlie and Henry eat . Nancy sit with they . charlie you sure you do not want anything ? evaluator no , I be fine , thank you . they eat in silence . the evaluator observe . henry do the thing with the knife . charlie no ... I be not ...no. henry come on ! charlie it 's not a dinner thing . silence . charlie it 's not a anytime thing . evaluator what 's the thing with the knife ? henry it 's hilarious . charlie no ... it 's dumb . I have a small knife on my keychain . which be only for adult . I do a thing with it sometimes ... henry you say I could get a knife . 137 . charlie a jack - knife , yeah . when you be older . henry like ten . charlie no , like twenty . henry yeah . Charlie watch the evaluator 's face closely , try to discern something , anything . live room Charlie and Henry do he homework . Henry be sounding out a word . henry dime , rime , lime , pime , sime -- charlie honey , stop guess . you be so close , stay with it . henry ( lie on he back ) ugh , I do not want to do it . charlie what 's the first letter ? henry I do not want to do it . can I do the iPad ? charlie no . just look , what 's the first letter ? henry charlie I do not want to . it 's a T . what sound do T make . henry ( pause ) tuh. charlie right and then just do the rest of it . 138 . henry dime . charlie no ! you have '' tuh '' and '' ime . '' what be that ? Henry take a piece of tape and put it on he mouth . charlie time . it 's time . he look at the evaluator . she nod . Henry roll over onto he front , play dead . charlie you 'il see , honey , one day it 's just go to click and you 'il be able to read everything . henry ( through the tape ) I need a break . can I play in my room ? charlie sure . Charlie try to kiss he on lip . Henry give he he head . Charlie kiss the top of he head . Henry run out . Nancy be look at the crack in the wall from Charlie 's punch . Charlie clock this . silence . charlie do you ever observe marry people ? evaluator no , why would I ? charlie I be kid . evaluator oh. silence . charlie the knife thing be , I carry this knife on my keychain which he mother get I actually -- 139 . he take out he key-re and show she the X - acto knife . charlie -- and I have do this thing for he mom -- he click open the knife . charlie where I pretend to cut myself , but I retract the blade -- he pantomime cut he arm . charlie but I do not do it with he ... the evaluator stare at Charlie with horror . Charlie hesitates and follow she gaze . Dark red blood stream down he arm . charlie oh ... that 's fine . it 's really bleed . he cover it with he hand , the blood spread between he finger . evaluator be you ok ? charlie ( casually ) yeah , I must not have retract the blade all the way . evaluator do you need -- blood be get over everything . he lower the sleeve on he oxford shirt to cover the wound . Red blot immediately soak through the cotton . charlie yeah ... yeah . no ! I be fine . ( smile at she and cross he leg ) what else can I tell you ? evaluator I think I have enough . charlie ( again try to talk casually ) you get enough ? 140 . evaluator ( wince ) be you sure you be ok ? charlie totally . I be fine . silence . evaluator well , I 'il leave you guy for tonight . charlie oh , ok ... evaluator I ' 1l be in touch if I have further question . she stand and gather she thing while Charlie grab she coat from a chair and hold it out to she , he leave shirt arm grow crimson . she take it , try to avoid the blood . evaluator thanks . she climb into she coat , Charlie nominally help out with he good arm , and move toward the door . evaluator thank you for the water . charlie oh , yeah , sure . evaluator you be sure you be ok ? charlie ( too loud ) yeah ! evaluator bye bye . charlie bye . she try to open the door , but it 's lock . she turn a bolt and another latch but it still will not open . 141 . charlie oh , let I -- Charlie rush over and undoe the bolt . she try to get out of the way of the blood , while he reach he long arm around she to do this , put they both in a strangely intimate proximity . he pull and it will not open . charlie I think you turn -- he do the latch and finally it open . charlie sorry . she flush and smile awkwardly and slip out , close the door behind she . Charlie run into the kitchen , sway , lean against the wall for support . his shirt be now soak in blood . he roll up he sleeve , and run cold water on he arm . he wince . watery blood fill up the pot and pan in the sink mixing with whatever bit of remain food . he find a small box of band - aid in the cupboard and open about seven of they and try to cover up the wound . but it 's still really bleed . he wrap he arm in paper towel , sweat now slide down he face and soaking he armpit . he drop to the kitchen floor and lie down on he back in exhaustion and pain . two small bare foot step over he and pad over to the refrigerator . henry dad , be you ok ? charlie yeah , I be just tired . Charlie roll over onto he arm , hide it from Henry . the sound of milk be pour into a glass . then the foot be - approach and step back over Charlie . Little drip of milk whiten the floor . henry ( sleepily ) dad , do she like we ? charlie ( from the floor ) yeah , she think we be great . 142 . fade to Black . int . nicole 's new place . echo park , LA . day cassie , Sandra and Nicole sing '' you could drive a person crazy '' from the musical , company -- the tight harmony be sung a capella , and there be dance move to go along with it . the group of people watch include kid and a agent , cast and crew from she show and family -- it 's a housewarm party . ( the house look very different from the home she share with Charlie . more color , more pattern , more hippy - dippy , more lamp , more she . it 's how she like it . ) they finish they song and everyone applaud , kind of to be polite , but also because it be seriously , strangely great . int . nicolem kitchen . later nora pop the cork on a big bottle of cristal . Nicole be get food together for the guest , pull saran wrap off platter . she leave cabinet door open which she maneuver around . kid run through the room play . guest enter to grab drink , etc . nora I want you mom ! nicole oh really ? yeah -- nora make a heart symbol with she hand and leap up on the kitchen counter , swinging she foot and drink champagne like a teenager . nora so , because Charlie drop he claim to New York , we be mostly do . jay 's lose interest and Ted , he associate , be do the paper work . nicole and we be not take any money , right ? 143 . nora we withdraw the claim for the macarthur , which I think we could have get by the way , and they be not ask for any of the show . nicole ( clinking glass ) ok , good . thank you for everything , nora nora you be welcome , doll . ( pause ) and when Charlie 's in LA , I get the custody breakdown to be 55 / 45 , so you will have Henry one extra day every two week ... nicole I think we make it equal . nora I tweak it at the last minute . I just do not want he to be able to say he get 50/50 . nicole nora but I do not -- bragging to he friend . nicole -- want to do that . nora take it ! you win . nicole ( sadly ) uh huh . int . nicole 's kitchen , LA . day close on Nicole write she signature . she use the last name ( she maiden name ) Ryder . Nicole sit at she kitchen table in LA . int . charlie and nicole's apartment , new york . day close on Charlie write he signature . Charlie sit on the floor of he half - empty apartment . 144 . ext . flatbush avenue , brooklyn . day a aspca guy approach he smile . aspca guy you look like a guy who really care about animal -- charlie nope . ext . laundromat , brooklyn . day he watch a mother and father with a young baby in the stroller . int . barber shop , brooklyn . day Charlie sit in a barber 's chair get a haircut . int . restaurant . night Charlie enter the same restaurant we see everyone at for the close night party so many month before . he see Mary Ann and Terry and a couple of other actor . a piano player , actor sing , perform . he join he old group . the gang be happy to see he . he open a tab at the bar for everyone . they all sit at a booth , have be drink for a while now . charlie .».. and the couch be technically hers pre-marriage , but , I mean , it be our couch , it 's not like I be go to buy another couch but then when it come time to split , it 's suddenly her couch and I have no couch and -- I be sit on the floor be the short version . ( wave he hand ) I be sorry . this be all so self - pity and boring . terry charlie oh , no , no , sound really no , it 's all stupid . I be tough . sorry . mary ann ( pointedly ) no , it 's sad . 145 . the piano player play the open note of a song . Charlie recognize it . charlie '' someone to hold you too close ... '' he get up and walk to the piano . people know who he be , and be intrigue to see what he 's go to do . sing '' be alive '' from company . it 's sloppy , but surprisingly emotional and come from a deep place . and in the end be beautiful . fade to Black . ext./ int . sandra 's house , west hollywood , los angele . day Charlie get out of he rental car . he knock on the back door . no answer . he apprehensively open the screen door to the kitchen . food be on the stove . Music play . it 's warm and welcoming . but Charlie remain in the threshold . charlie hello ? he hear laughter from the other room . and then Henry shouting excitedly . charlie hello ? suddenly Carter run , breathlessly , into the kitchen . he clutches a ray gun . carter you 'il never take I ! he see Charlie and hesitates . charlie hi. sorry , the door be open . Carter put he finger up to he lip . carter shhh . charlie oh ...ok . 146 . the electronic sound of something bad happen . Carter 's be hit in laser tag . Sandra run in hold a gun . sandra I get you ! she hesitates when she see Charlie . sandra Charlie , hi . she come forward and hug he . it be not cold particularly , but it be not what it be . Carter extend he hand . carter Carter . charlie Charlie . carter Nicole 's still at work . silence . then Henry enter . charlie hi. henry hi. charlie can I get a hug ? Henry hug Charlie . Charlie smile at everyone awkwardly . CUT to : Charlie , Sandra and Carter talk at the dining room table . Nicole arrive from filming she show . Carter rise , they kiss . carter how would it go ? nicole good . donny 's dead now . I shot the scene where he merge with the ficus . Charlie grin . carter she get a Emmy nomination ! 147 . charlie she 's a great actress . nicole no , for direct ! Charlie nod , a bit stunne . charlie congratulation . nicole I love it . now I know what you be so obsessed with all the time . ( move ) we should get ready ! ( to Charlie ) we be the Beatles . everyone clomp upstairs . Charlie follow . charlie I do not really get a costume together . carter you can be George Martin . charlie I do not need to be anything . carter nicole you get to be something -- at least a ghost ! I '’11 get you a sheet -- Sandra and Carter hurry into different room , get ready . Nicole enter into the bathroom . nicole ( 0.s. ) we should leave soon ! I be say that as much for I as anyone else . charlie I want to tell you , I take a residency at ucla . I be go to direct two play in rep at Red cat . Nicole reenter hold a sheet . nicole oh ... 148. charlie so , I 'il be here for a while . nicole that 's great . but something strike she as sad about it too . charlie you ok ? nicole yeah . it 's only good . Sandra call she for help with she costume . Nicole hand Charlie the sheet and go into the next room . Charlie , alone , inspect the sheet . he notice the photo on the wall have be swap out with different one . he hear : henry ( 0.s. ) '' Charlie be ...in...cr... '' -- something -- " neat and I re-ly on he to keep thing in or-der . he 's energy con ... '' -- I do not know what that word be -- Charlie drift towards Henry 's room . Henry , leg dangle off he bed , read from a crinkle loose leaf paper . charlie you be get so good at read . ( beat ) what be that ? henry '' he do not look in the mirror too of - ten . he cry eas-ily in movie ... '' Charlie hesitates and sit next to Henry on the bed . henry '' he be very self - suf - - '' charlie self-sufficient . henry '' -- he can dar - n a sock - - " 149 . charlie henry that mean sew , like a hole -- '' -- and cook himself dinner and ir - - '' charlie break it into two part . henry ur. on. charlie not '' you '' but '' ire '' henry ire . on. charlie Iron . henry '' -- a shirt . he rarely get def - eat ( which I fall ... feel like I al - way do ) . Charlie take all of my mood stead -ily , he do not give in to they or make I feel bad about they . he 's a great dress -er , he never look they - - '' I do not know this one ... charlie embarrassing . Nicole appear in the doorway . henry '' -- embarrassing wh-ich be hard for aman . '' you read it now ... he hand it to Charlie . Charlie read : charlie '' he love be a dad , he love all the thing you be suppose to hate , like the tantrum , the waking up at night -- he disappear into he own world . he and Henry be alike in that way . he can tell people they have food in they tooth or on they face in a way that do not make they feel bad . Charlie be self - make -- he parent -- I only meet they once -- but he tell I there be -- ( more ) 150 . charlie ( cont 'd ) ( Charlie skip ahead for Henry 's benefit ) he 's brilliant at create family out of whoever be around . with the theatre company he cast a spell that make everyone feel include . no one , not even a intern be unimportant . '' henry what 's a intern ? charlie like a helper . but who be not pay . henry why be not they pay ? charlie they be young . they be learn ... I do not know , maybe if they do a good job , they get pay later ? henry ok . keep go . charlie '' he could remember all the inside joke . he 's extremely organize and thorough . he 's very clear about what he want unlike I who can not always tell . I fall in love with he two second after I see he and I 'il never stop loving he ... '' Charlie hesitates . he swallow . he 's cry . charlie '' , ..even though it do not make sense anymore . '' ext . pasadena residential street , LA , late day Henry , Nicole , Carter , Sandra be dress as the Beatles from sgt. pepper . Carter be Paul . Henry be ringo . Nicole be john. Sandra be George . Charlie 's a ghost . they be join by cassie and Sam and they kid , also dress up . the kid run from house to house trick - or-treate . the adult linger and talk casually . 151 . Henry , exhaust , be have trouble keep he eye open . Nicole regards he . Charlie , he sheet on he arm now , be say goodbye to the family as Sandra take off with cassie and Sam . he shake Carter 's hand , it 's friendly . Nicole hesitates then approach Charlie . nicole we be go to bring he to dinner , but he 's wipe out . do you want to take he ? charlie ( take aback ) it 's you night ... nicole I know . charlie yeah . nicole ok , good . charlie nicole I 'il drop he back in the yeah , just text when you be morning ? up and we will figure it out . nicole ( lean down to Henry ) you be go to go with you dad , ok ? henry ok . the boy wrap he arm around he dad 's neck and Charlie lift he . nicole I love you , sweetheart . henry I love you . she kiss Henry 's face which rest on Charlie 's shoulder and for a moment all three of they head be nestle close together . then Nicole release . Charlie , hold Henry , advance toward he park car . Nicole watch . nicole wait -- 152 . Charlie hesitates as Nicole hurry after he . she kneel down in the middle of the street . close : Charlie 's lace spill out on the pavement . she tug on one which he 's step on . she tap he calf . nicole can you -- he lift up he foot so she can retrieve the lace . she tie he sneaker . Charlie watch . charlie ( smile ) thanks . she nod . he hike Henry up tighter in he arm and continue toward he car . Nicole and Carter get in they park subaru in the foreground . the subaru drive toward we and off - camera and then reappear head away from we now . as they pass Charlie and Henry , a arm wave out the window . Charlie raise he hand back . Nicole 's car head into the distance . Charlie stop at he rental and dig for the key in he pocket . Henry hold on . all of they , Nicole and Charlie and Henry , be now recess into the landscape . the light be wane . we hold on the wide tableau of the LA street and finally cut to black . end .