marty written by paddy chayefsky shoot draft 1955 new york CITY , 187th STREET . a summer day fade in : just east of webster Avenue in the North bronx , 187th Street be a predominantly italian community and the commercial avenue of the neighborhood . fruit and vegetable stand , pizzeria , butcher shop , bakery , cleaner and dyer and bar flourish . it be Saturday morning around eleven o'clock -- a market day . women , dark , gesticulative , with bulg cloth shopping bag , baby carriage . merchant at they improvise street stand , hawk they ware , dispute with they customer , roaring salutation to passersby . in the midst of all this , camera home in on a typical neighborhood ... butcher shop . delicatessen hang on the wall , wreathe with garland of garlic . patsy , the boss , a swarthy man of sixty , be flopping a chunk of beef onto the scale for the benefit of a forty - year - old matron . there be three or four other women in the shop , all talk to one another . a four-year - old boy lazily chase a cat . the white refrigerator room door open , and a second butcher , marty pilletti , come out carry a large leg of lamb . marty be a mildmanner , short , stout , bald man of thirty - four . his charm lie in a almost indestructible good humor . he drop the leg of lamb onto the chopping block , reach up for the cleaver hang with the other utensil over the block and make quick incisive cut into the leg of lamb . he set the cleaver aside , pick up the see to finish the cut as he chat with he customer , mrs . fusari . mrs . fusari you kid brother get marry last Sunday , eh , marty ? marty ( saw away ) that 's right , missus fusari . it be a very nice affair . mrs . fusari that 's the big tall one , the fellow with the moustache . marty ( still saw ) no , that 's my other brother , freddie . my other brother freddie , he 's be marry four year already . he life down on webb Avenue . the one who get marry Sunday , that be my little brother , nickie . mrs . fusari I think he be a big tall fat fellow . do not I meet he here one time ? Big tall , fat fellow , he try to sell I life insurance ? marty set the five chop on the scale , watch its weight register . marty no , that 's my sister Margaret 's husband , Frank . my sister Margaret , she 's marry to the insurance salesman , and my sister Rose , she marry a contractor . they move to Detroit last year . and my other sister france , she get marry about two and a half year ago in Saint John 's Church on kingsbridge Avenue . oh , that be a big affair . well , let 's see now , that will be about a dollar - seventy - nine . how 's that with you ? mrs . fusari well ... Mrs. fusari produce a old leather change purse from she pocketbook and painfully extract one single dollar bill and seventy - nine cent to the penny and lay the money piece by piece on the counter . from the rear of the shop a woman 's voice ring out . woman' voice ( off-screen ) hey , marty , I be inna hurry . marty you be next right now , missus canduso . mrs . fusari when you gonna get marry , marty ? you should be ashamed of yourself . all you brother and sister , they all young than you , they marry and they get child . I just see you mother inna fruit shop , and she say to I , " hey , you know a nice girl for my boy marty ? " watsa matter with you ? that 's no way . now you get marry . marty ( amiably ) missus fusari , missus canduso over there , she 's inna big hurry , and ... Mrs. fusari take she parcel of meat , but apparently she feel she still have not quite make she point . mrs . fusari my son Frank , he be marry when he be nineteen year old . watsa matter with you ? marty that 's swell , missus fusari . mrs . fusari you should be ashamed of yourself . she take she package of meat . marty gather up the money on the counter , turn to the cash register behind he to ring up the sale . Mrs. canduso sidle up to the counter . mrs . canduso marty , I want a nice , big fat pullet , about four pound . I hear you kid brother get marry last Sunday . marty yeah , it be a very nice affair . mrs . canduso marty , you oughta be ashamed . all you kid brother and sister marry and have child . when you gonna get marry ? neighborhood bar . late afternoon a tv set on the wall . mel Allen , smoking a White owl cigar , be recapping the baseball game that have just finish as marty come in . marty ( to two young men leave ) what happen ? young man the yank take two . marty any homer ? the Young Men exit without answer . marty move further into the bar , which be crowded with local , smoky , noisy . across group at bar with marty in the background approach , we see a group consist of ralph , who wear a suit and tie , the only man in the room who be not in shirtsleeve or a basque shirt ; joe , thirty - two , hunch over a girlie magazine ; a kid , twenty - two , study the magazine over Joe 's shoulder . marty ( to the kid ) Angie come in yet ? the kid indicate a booth where a small wasp of a man , mid - thirty , be sit , bent over the sport page of the Daily News . ralph so this two girl come over to the bar ... marty hey , ang ' ... ralph ... and they sit down right next to I ... marty you want a beer , ang ' ? ralph I look over at this one nexta I , not bad , about thirty - five -- hiya , marty ... marty hiya , Ralph ... ralph ... I be talk about two nurse Leo and I pick up in a bar on seventy - first Street . marty ( to bartender ) hey , Lou , gimme two bottle - a beer ... ralph so , marty , lemme tell you about this nurse , marty ... marty ( to Joe study he magazine ) waddaya read there , Joe ? ad lib voice ( off-screen ) hey , Lou , turn the television off ! ralph turn out this two girl be nurse in some hospital on a hundre and fourth Street ... joe they should not sell magazine like this on a public newsstand ... marty that 's the truth . joe ( turn a page ) can you imagine the effect this have on adolescent ? ralph so , marty , let I tell you about this nurse ... marty ( reach for two bottle of beer proffer by the bartender ) what nurse ? ralph the nurse Leo and I pick up last night . we get a date with they tonight . marty ( move off to Angie 's booth ) you still owe I ten buck from last week , if that 's what you be work up to . Joe turn another page in the girlie magazine . joe now that 's something , eh ? ralph I use to go out with a girl like that ... the kid you should live so long . the booth . marty join he friend Angie and push a bottle of beer at he , pull one of the page loose from the paper Angie be read . for a moment , the two man sit quietly , each poring over he separate piece of newspaper . angie ( without look up ) so waddaya feel like do tonight ? marty I do not know , ang ' . wadda you feel like do ? angie well , we oughta do something . it 's Saturday night . I do not wanna go bowl like last Saturday . how about call up that big girl we pick up inna movie about a month ago in the rko Chester ? marty ( not very interested ) which one be that ? angie that big girl that be sit in front of we with the skinny friend . marty oh , yeah . angie we take they home alla way out in Brooklyn . her name be Mary feeney . what do you say ? you think I oughta give she a ring ? I will take the skinny one . marty she probably get a date by now , Angie . angie well , let 's call she up . what can we lose ? marty I do not like she , Angie . I do not feel like call she up . angie well , what do you feel like do tonight ? marty I do not know . what do you feel like do ? angie well , we be back to that , huh ? I say to you , " what do you feel like do tonight ? " and you say to I , " I do not know , what do you feel like do ? " and then we wind up sit around you house with a coupla cansa beer , watch sid caesar on television . well , I tell you what I feel like do . I feel like call up this Mary feeney . she like you . marty what make you say that ? angie I could see she like you . marty yeah , sure . angie ( half -rise in he seat ) I will call she up . marty you call she up for yourself , Angie . I do not feel like call she up . Angie sit down again . they both return to they papers for a moment . then Angie look up again . angie how about go downa seventy - second Street , see what we can find ? Ralph say you have to beat they off with club . marty make a wry face at the suggestion . angie Boy , you be get to be a real drag , you know that ? marty Angie , I be thirty - four year old . I be look for a girl every Saturday night of my life . I be tired of look . everybody 's always tell I to get marry . get marry . get marry . do not you think I wanna get marry ? I wanna get marry . they drive I crazy . now , I do not wanna wreck you Saturday night for you , Angie . you wanna go somewhere , you go ahead . I do not wanna go . angie my old lady , every word outta she mouth , when you gonna get marry ? marty my mother , boy , she drive I crazy . Angie lean back in he seat , scowl at the paper napkin container on the booth table . marty return to the sport page . for a moment , a silence hang between they . angie so what do you feel like do tonight ? marty ( without look up ) I do not know . what do you feel like do ? bartender ( from phone booth in background ) marty , you mother want you onna phone . marty ( rise in response ; to Angie ) come on over about half past seven , we will think of something . ( settles into the phone booth , pick up the receiver ) hello , ma , what 's the matter ? pilletti home , live room . it 's a typical lower - middle - class italian home , and mrs . pilletti be on the phone , a round , dark woman . Beyond she , in the dining room , we can see a young couple -- thomas , marty 's cousin , and he wife virginia , seat at the dining room table . mrs . pilletti ( voice lower ) hello , marty , when you come home ? where you now ? because you cousin Thomas and he wife Virginia , they be here . they have another fight with you aunt Catherine ... I do not know ... the bar . marty ( in the phone booth ) I be come home right now , ma. I will be home in about two minute . tell Thomas stick around , I wanna see he about something . pilletti home , live room . Mrs. pilletti be on the phone . mrs . pilletti okay , you come on home , okay . she hang up , brace herself , turn and start back to Thomas and Virginia in the dining room . mrs . pilletti he come home right now . virginia so what happen , aunt theresa , about the milk bottle be my mother - in - law , she come inna kitchen , aunt theresa , and she begin poke she head over my shoulder here and poke she head over my shoulder there , so then she begin tell I how I waste money and how I can not cook , and how I be raise my baby all wrong , so she get I so nervous , I spill some milk I be make for the baby ... mrs . pilletti she be here , you know , Wednesday , and I say , " Catherine , my sister ... " virginia so she say , " you be spilling the milk . " so she keep talk about this coupla drop of milk I spill , so she get I so mad , so I say , " mama , you wanna see I really spill some milk ? " so I take the bottle , and I throw it against the door . I do not throw it at she . that 's just something she make up . she go around tell everybody I throw the bottla milk at she . I do not throw it anywhere near she . well , I be sorry right away , you know , but she run outta the house . mrs . pilletti well , I do not know what you want I to do , Virginia . if you want I , I will go talk to she tonight . Thomas and Virginia suddenly frown and look down at they hand as if of one mind . thomas well , I will tell you , aunt theresa ... virginia lemme tell it , Tommy . thomas okay . virginia we want you to do a very big favor for we , aunt theresa . mrs . pilletti sure . virginia aunt theresa , you get this big house here . I mean , you get this big house just for you and marty . and I think maybe Tommy 's mother could come here and live with you and marty . mrs . pilletti well ... virginia because I call up Tommy 's brother Joe , and I say , " Joe , she 's drive I crazy . why do not you take she for a couple of year ? " and he say , " oh no ! " I know I sound like a terrible woman ... mrs . pilletti no , Virginia , I know how you feel . virginia ( on the verge of tear ) I just can not stand it any more ! every minute of the day ! do this ! do that ! I do not have ten minute privacy with my husband ! we can not even have a fight ! we do not have no privacy ! everybody 's miserable in we house ! thomas all right , ginnie , do not get so excited . mrs . pilletti she 's right . she 's right . Young husband and wife , they should have they own home . and my sister Catherine , she 's my sister , but I gotta admit , she 's a old goat . and plenty - a time in my life , I feel like throw the milk bottle at she myself . and I tell you now , as far as I be concerned , if Catherine wantsa come live here with I and marty , it 's all right with I . Virginia promptly burst into tear . thomas ( not far from tear himself , lower he face ) that 's very nice - a you , aunt theresa . mrs . pilletti we gotta ask marty , of course . thomas sure . mrs . pilletti ( rise ) you just sit here , I gotta turn the fire on under the cooking . ( exit into the kitchen ) virginia ( have master she tear ) that 's very nice - a you , aunt theresa . thomas ( call to he aunt in the kitchen ) how 's marty be lately , aunt theresa ? mrs . pilletti ( off-screen ) oh , he 's fine . you know a nice girl he can marry ? she come back into the dining room , wiping she hand on a kitchen towel . thomas oh , he will get marry , do not worry , aunt theresa . mrs . pilletti ( sit down again ) well , I do not know . he sit arounna house alla time . you know a place he can go where he can find a bride ? thomas well , there 's the stardust ballroom . that 's a kind of a big dance hall . every Saturday night , it 's just load with girl . it 's a nice place to go . you pay seventy - seven cent . it use to be seventy - seven cent . it must be about a buck and half now . and you go in and you ask some girl to dance . that 's how I meet Virginia . Nice , respectable place to meet girl . you tell marty , aunt theresa , you tell he , " go to the stardust ballroom . it 's load with tomato . " mrs . pilletti ( commit the line to memory ) the stardust ballroom . it 's load with tomato . thomas right . virginia this be very nice - a you , aunt theresa , what you be do for we , and do not think we do not appreciate ... the SOUND of the door be unlatched in the kitchen can be hear . Mrs. pilletti promptly rise . mrs . pilletti he 's here . she hurry into ... the kitchen . marty come into the kitchen from the rear porch . marty hello , ma . mrs . pilletti ( whisper ) marty , Thomas and Virginia be here . they have another fight with you aunt Catherine . so they ask I , would it be all right if Catherine come to live with we . so I say , all right with I , but we have to ask you . marty , she 's a lonely old lady . nobody want she . everybody 's throw she outta they house ... marty sure , ma , it 's okay with I . mrs . pilletti you gotta good heart . she turn and lead the way back into the dining room . marty follow . dine room . Thomas have rise . Mrs. pilletti and marty come in . mrs . pilletti he say okay , it 's all right Catherine come here . thomas oh , marty , thanks a lot . that really take a load offa my mind . marty oh , we get plenny - a room here . mrs . pilletti sure ! sure ! it 's gonna be nice ! it 's gonna be nice ! I will come over tonight to you house , and I talk with Catherine , and you see , everything be gonna work out all right . thomas I just wanna thank you people again , because the situation be just become impossible . mrs . pilletti siddown , Thomas , siddown . she exit into the kitchen . Virginia follow she to the kitchen door , where the two woman ad-lib the follow line over the ensue scene between marty and Thomas . virginia I be sorry we gotta rush like this ... mrs . pilletti that 's all right , that 's all right ... virginia on accounta ... mrs . pilletti I be gonna see you tonight ... over this , Thomas talk to marty . thomas marty , I do not know how to tell you how much I appreciate what you and you mother be do , because the kinda thing be happen in we house be Virginia be in the kitchen make some milk for the baby . so my mother come in ... virginia Tommy , I promise the babysitter six o'clock . marty Tommy , before you go , I wonder if you gimme a little advice . thomas sure , what ? marty you be the accountant inna family , and I figure you might know about this thing . my boss wantsa sell he shop to I . his kid be all marry , you know , and he and he wife live alone , and they wanna move out to California where he daughter life , so he wantsa sell he shop . he want five thousand dollar down , although I think I can knock he downa four ... virginia ( off-screen , from deep in the kitchen ) Tommy ! thomas ( rise ) I will see you at mass tomorrow . we will sit down and we will discuss the whole thing . marty all right , I will see you , Thomas , because he want a answer by Monday . thomas sure . thanks a lot about my mother . we will work out some arrangement , because naturally I want to pay ... marty do not worry about it . thomas no , listen , that 's my mother , I be gonna pay for she ... virginia ( off-screen ) goodby , marty ! marty goodby , Virginia ! see you soon ! Thomas have move off to join he wife in the kitchen where we can hear they exchange final protestation and goodby with Mrs. pilletti . marty sit at the table , hand fold in front of he , stolid , pensive . the kitchen . dusk . Mrs. pilletti bend over she steaming kettle . through the window we see evening be gather . marty' bedroom . it 's a small room with bed , chest of drawer , religious picture , etc . marty sit squatly on the edge of the bed , absorb in think . he stand , move out into ... the ground floor corridor . ... and down that into ... the dine room . ...now light by the overhead neo- Tiffany lampshade and the bead old - fashioned lamp . he cross to the kitchen door , look in on he mother , cooking away , turn , cross back to ... the live room . he close the slide door that separate the live and dining room . he extract a small black address book from he hip pocket , flip through it , find the page he want , study it intently . he sit on the chair by the phone , dial . marty ( with a vague pretense at good diction ) hello , be this Mary feeney ?... could I speak to miss Mary feeney ?... just tell she a old friend ... he wait again . with he free hand he wipe the gather sweat on he brow . marty ... oh , hello there , be this Mary feeney ? hello there , this be marty pilletti . I wonder if you recall I ... well , I be kind of a stocky guy . the last time we meet be in a movie , the rko Chester . you be with another girl , and I be with a friend of mine name Angie . this be about a month ago ... the girl apparently do not remember he . a sort of panic begin to seize marty . his voice rise a little . marty the rko Chester in Westchester Square . you be sit in front of we , and we be annoying you , and you get mad , and ... I be the fellow who work in a butcher shop ... come on , you know who I be !... that 's right , we go to Howard Johnson 's and we have hamburger . you hadda milkshake ... yeah , that 's right . I be the stocky one , the heavy - set feller ... well , I be glad you recall I , because I hadda swell time that night , and I be just wonder how everything be with you . how 's everything ?... that 's swell ... yeah , well , I will tell you why I call ... I be figure on take in a movie tonight , and I be wonder if you and you friend would care to see a movie tonight with I and my friend ... ( he eye be close now ) yeah , tonight . I know it 's pretty late to call for a date , but I do not know myself , till ... yeah , I know , well how about ... yeah , I know , well maybe next Saturday night . you free next Saturday night ?... well , how about the Saturday after that ?... yeah , I know ... yeah ... yeah ... oh , I understand , I mean ... he hang up , sit for a moment , then rise , open the slide door , enter ... the dine room . he sit at the heavy , wooden table with its white - on- white table cloth . the kitchen . Mrs. pilletti ladle portion of food from the steaming kettle onto a plate that she bring into ... the dine room . ... and set it down before she son . without a word , he pick up he fork and spoon and plunge into the mountain of spaghetti , add cheese , eat away . Mrs. pilletti take she seat , fold she hand on the table , and sit watch marty eat . mrs . pilletti so what be you gonna do tonight , marty ? marty I do not know , ma. I be all knock out . I may just hang arounna house . Mrs. pilletti nod a couple of time . a moment of silence . mrs . pilletti why do not you go to the stardust ballroom ? this give marty pause . he look up . marty what ? mrs . pilletti I say , why do not you go to the stardust ballroom ? it 's load with tomato . marty regards he mother for a moment . marty it 's load with what ? mrs . pilletti tomato . marty ha ! who tell you about the stardust ballroom ? mrs . pilletti Thomas . he tell I it be a very nice place . marty oh , Thomas . ma , it 's just a big dance hall , and that 's all it be . I be there a hundred time . load with tomato . Boy , you be funny , ma . mrs . pilletti marty , I do not want you hang arounna house tonight . I want you to go take a shave and go out and dance . marty ma , when be you gonna give up ? you gotta bachelor on you hand . I be not never gonna get marry . mrs . pilletti you gonna get marry . marty sooner or later , there come a point in a man 's life when he gotta face some fact , and one fact I gotta face be that whatever it be that woman like , I be not get it . I chase enough girl in my life . I go to enough dance . I get hurt enough . I do not wanna get hurt no more . I just call a girl just now , and I get a real brush - off , boy . I figure I be past the point of be hurt , but that hurt . some stupid woman who I do not even wanna call up . she give I the brush . I do not wanna go to the stardust ballroom because all that ever happen to I there be girl make I feel like I be a bug . I get feeling , you know . I have enough pain . no , thank you . mrs . pilletti marty ... marty ma , I be gonna stay home and watch Jackie gleason . mrs . pilletti you gonna die without a son . marty so I will die without a son . mrs . pilletti put on you blue suit ... marty Blue suit , gray suit , I be still a fat man . a fat ugly man . mrs . pilletti you not ugly . marty ( he voice rise ) I be ugly ... I be ugly ! I be ugly ! mrs . pilletti marty ... marty ma! leave I alone ! he stand abruptly , he face pain and draw . he make half - form gesture to he mother , but he can not find word at the moment . he turn and march a few pace away , turn to he mother again . marty ma , waddaya want from I ?! waddaya want from I ?! I be miserable enough as it be ! leave I alone ! I will go to the stardust ballroom ! I will put onna blue suit and I will go ! and you know what I be gonna get for my trouble ? heartache ! a big night of heartache ! sullenly , he march back to he seat , sit down , pick up he fork , plunge it into the spaghetti , stuff a mouthful into he mouth , and chew vigorously for a moment . it be impossible for he to remain angry long . after a while , he be shaking he head . marty load with tomato ... boy , that 's rich . he plunge he fork in again , start to eat . Mrs. pilletti watch marty anxiously as we ... fade out . fade in new york CITY , west farm square . night West Farms Square be a big street in the bronx , fill with store , bowl alley and bar . Cars push along between the pillar of the elevate subway structure . the noise of the subway train roar by overhead every few moment . camera find and establish the stardust ballroom . it occupy the second floor of a large , dirty gray three - story building . it be a hot June night , and the window be open for ventilation purpose . music manufacture by Dave greenglass and his Band blend with the noise of the street . stardust ballroom . entrance vestibule tstayr . music play in the background . camera view clara , a plain girl in she late twenty ; she young sister , millie , prettier ; millie 's fiance andy , 30 ; and a second young man dr . keegan , also 30 , who be a resident at fordham Hospital . they be all huddle over a cigarette machine near the street door . andy ( in a low voice ) I tell you she be not especially attractive , but that she have a good deal of charm , and she 's really a real nice girl ... dr . keegan ( extract cigarettes from the machine ) she 's all right , Andy . it 's just that I get one Saturday night off every three week , and I be expect something better , that 's all . andy I tell you she be not attractive ... dr . keegan you tell I that she be a little tall , but that she be not bad look at all . andy millie 's be after I to fix she up with a date , so I ... dr . keegan all right , I be have a fair time . it 's just that I get one Saturday night off in three week , and I want to wind up with something tonight . they join the two girl wait for they and start up the broad stairway to the second floor . they be halfway up , when two girl come in at the top of the stair and start down . Dr. keegan , who be hold Clara 's arm , look up , nod . stardust ballroom , anteroom . this be a small , carpete lobby with ticket taker in booth , a cloak room and rest room . paint poster on the wall announce come event and caution against smoking . there be also large blow - up of musician who have play this ballroom at one time and go on to bigger thing . about six or seven people congregate in the lobby , engage in various indifferent activity . camera angle include the swinging door , as Clara , Andy , millie and Dr. keegan come in . as they enter , the door to the ballroom proper be push out , and a girl in a black dress , quite pretty , come in . she start across the anteroom toward the cloak room , when Dr. keegan call out suddenly to she . dr . keegan hey ! the girl turn . recognition flood she face . girl herbie ! wadda you do here ?! dr . keegan I come up to dance , wadda you think ? you here with somebody ? girl I be just here with another girl . dr . keegan where you go now ? girl I be just gonna get my cigarettes . I leave they in my coat . dr . keegan I will see you around . girl I will see you . she turn and continue on to the cloak room . Dr. keegan turn to Clara . dr . keegan that 's a girl use to know . ballroom , lounge . a fairly long room , line on one side by a bar and on the other by cheap leatherette booth . it be brightly light and crowded . there be a constant movement in and out of the lounge . at the far end of the lounge , there be two large iron fire door open to allow the heat to flow out . dance music from dance floor . Clara , Dr. keegan , millie and Andy come into the lounge and form a little group in the midst of move passersby around they . a kind of strange excitement have begin to enter Dr. keegan . he stand with the other , but he attention be devote to ogling the pass girl , occasionally look back to the door lead to the anteroom . andy Boy , it 's pack in here . millie ( to Clara ) some of this kid be awful young . be not you afraid you will bump into one of you student ? clara ( nervously look at Dr. keegan ) I would not think so . I teach out in Brooklyn . andy you be up here before , Clara ? clara yeah , twice . millie shall we try to get a table and get something to drink or shall we just go in and start dance ? andy hey , herbie ... Dr. keegan do not seem to hear . andy ( continue ) hey , herbie ... dr . keegan what ? andy you wanna have a drink before we start dance ? dr . keegan listen . you people go grab a table . I will be back inna minute . I will be right back . he turn and move quickly through the crowded lounge , back to the swinging door lead into the anteroom . camera stays with Clara , millie and Andy stare after he . andy so what do you say , Clara ? wanna see if we can get a table ? clara all right . they turn and move toward the booth . ballroom . the dance floor be fairly dark . a romantic effect be achieve by papier - m â ché over the chandelier . around the wall be the stag line -- the men and wait girl . they stand singly or in small uneasy group . there be constant flux and movement . camera dolly slowly past the stag line , move past face , short , fat , tall , thin stag . some pretend indifference . some exhibit patent hunger . camera hold angling to include marty , Angie near the end of the stag line . they be freshly shave and groom . marty and angie . they be lean against the wall smoking , watch they more fortunate brethren on the floor in the background . angie not a bad crowd tonight , you know ? marty there be one nice - look one there inna black dress and bead , but she 's dance now . angie ( look off - screen ) there 's a nice- look little short one for you right now . marty ( follow he gaze ) where ? angie down there . that little one there . reverse angle past marty and Angie across the dance floor toward the wall opposite , where three girl be stand . two be lean against the wall . the third be face they with she back to the dance floor . this last girl be the one Angie have in mind . she be a cute little kid about twenty and wear a bright smile . marty and angie . they stare off toward the three girl across the room . marty yeah , she look all right from here . angie well , waddaya say , you wanna ask they ? I will take the one inna green dress . marty I think this number be a little fast . wait a minute . he try a few tentative step , testing for tempo . marty it 's all right , I think . they still there ? the two cavalier turn they head and look off - screen in the direction of the three girl . apparently , the girl be still there . marty and Angie relinquish they loung position against the wall and slouch along past the line of stag with a show of determine unconcern . they edge through the crush of people on the non-dance margin of the dance floor and slowly push they way toward the ... three girl . marty and Angie come in and start to approach the three girl . the girl , aware of the boy ' presence , stiffen and they chatter come to a halt . Angie advance to one of the girl . angie waddaya say , you wanna dance ? the girl look surprised , as if this be a extraordinary invitation to receive in a dance hall , look confound at she two friend , shrug , detach herself from the wall , move to the outer fringe of the pack of dancer , raise she hand languidly to dance position and await Angie with ineffable boredom . marty , smile tentatively , address the short girl . marty Excuse I , would you care for this dance ? the short girl give marty a quick glance of appraisal , then look quickly at she remain friend . short girl ( but not unpleasantly ) I do not feel like dance just yet . marty sure . he turn and head sluggishly in the direction of the stag line . the stag line . a TRAVEL shot follow marty , as he move past the line of stag , all of whom be watch he . camera hold as he find he old niche by the wall , lean there . a moment later , he glance guardedly down to where the short girl and she friend be . marty' p.o.v. : the short girl be approach by a dapper young boy who ask she to dance . she smile , excuse herself to she friend and follow the boy out onto the dance floor . marty stare at the short girl . he shrug , he 's use to this kind of thing , then turn he attention bleakly back to watch ... the dance floor . the band start up again and the music blare . it 's a lindy hop number . couple swirl past ; the music come up big . the ballroom . marty lean against the wall , smoking and watch the dancer swirl past . Dr. keegan 's voice be hear . dr . keegan ( off-screen ) you here stag or with a girl ? marty 's attention be on the pass couple , so he do not seem to hear . angle widen to include the Doctor stand on marty 's right . suddenly aware of the Doctor , marty turn he head . marty you say something ? dr . keegan yeah . I be just ask you if you be here stag or with a girl . marty I be stag . dr . keegan well , I will tell you . I get stick on a blind date with a dog , and I just meet a old girl I use to know , and I be wonder how I be gonna get rid of the girl I be with . somebody to take she home , you know what I mean ? I would be glad to pay you five buck if you take she home for I . marty ( confuse ) what ? dr . keegan I will take you over , and I will introduce you as a old army buddy of mine , and then I will cut out . because I get this other girl wait for I out by the hatcheck , and I will pay you five buck . marty ( stare at the man ) be you kid ? dr . keegan no , I be not kid . marty you can not just walk off onna girl like that . Dr. keegan shrug , move down the line of stag guy . marty turn to watch he , still a little shocked at the proposition . the Doctor approach three stag and obviously broaches the subject with one of they . this stag seem more receptive to the idea . Dr. keegan take out a wallet and give the stag a five dollar bill . the stag detach himself from the wall and , a little ill - at -ease , follow the Doctor . marty stand against the wall , watch the Doctor and the stag , who come in and move past he . concerned and curious , marty stare after they , then move out of he lean position , follow in they general direction . marty move through the crush of young man and woman in the area around the dance floor . alcove near archway . as marty reach the alcove that separate the dance floor proper from the lounge , he pause and look off toward the booth . lounge . Clara sit about halfway down the length of the booth . Dr. keegan and the stag stand over she , talk to she . she be look up at they , she hand nervously grip a coca cola glass . Dr. keegan be obviously introduce the stag to Clara and be go through some story about be call away on a emergency . the stag be present as she escort - to - be , who will see to it that she get home safely . Clara be not take in by any of this , although she be try hard not to seem affect . she politely reject the stag 's company and will go home by herself , thanks for ask anyway . Dr. keegan make a few mild protestation , and then he and the stag leave the booth and start back toward the archway . archway . from where marty stand , he can watch Clara , as well as Dr. keegan and the stag . the Doctor and the stag start past marty , and he catch they conversation . dr . keegan ... in that case , as long as she 's go home alone , give I the five buck back ... stag look , Mac , you pay I the five buck . I be willing . it 's my five buck ... they move past and away and marty stare after they before he turn he attention toward Clara off -screen . Clara be sit as she be , grip and ungrip the glass of coca cola in front of she . her eye be close . then , with a little nervous shake of she head she get out of the booth and stand momentarily at a loss for what next to do . as she glance around , camera angle to include a sign over a exit that read " Fire escape . " Clara start move toward that door . marty be stare off -screen toward Clara . he slowly work he way down the length of the lounge in the general direction of the fire escape . lounge . near the entrance to the fire escape , Clara come into view . background sound continue steadily . marty be walk the length of the lounge and suddenly stop and stare off -screen . Clara disappear through the exit onto the fire escape outside . marty watch . then he continue on , crossing the threshold of the ... FIRE escape . it be sizeable , almost a small balcony . it look out onto the back of innumerable five-story apartment house . Clara be stand by the railing , she back toward the camera , she head sink down . she be cry . marty watch she for a moment before move a step or two forward . Clara do not turn . marty try to think of something to say . marty ( finally ) Excuse I , miss , would you care to dance ? Clara slowly turn to marty , she face streak with tear , she lip tremble . then , in one of that moment of simultaneous impulse , she lurch to marty with a sob , and marty take she to he . they stand in a awkward embrace , marty a little embarrassed , look back through the fire escape door to the lounge , wonder if anybody be see they . he reach back with one hand , and contrive , with some effort , to push one of the heavy iron door shut . he return he hand around the girl 's shoulder . he stand stiffly , allow she to cry on he chest , as we ... fade out . fade in : bronx apartment house , stairway . night Mrs. pilletti , in she hat and coat and carry a purse , be make she heavy way up the last few step toward the landing . she pause to catch she breath on the landing . then she move down the hallway to ... entrance to apartment 4 - B. Mrs. pilletti ring the bell . the SOUND can be hear as she wait . the door be open by Virginia . virginia hello , aunt theresa . come in . Mrs. pilletti enter the apartment . apartment . Virginia close the door after Mrs. pilletti enter , and they stand in a small narrow hallway , brightly light . at the far end to the right be the live room in the background . mrs . pilletti ( in a low voice as she pull off she coat ) be Catherine here ? Virginia help she with she coat . virginia ( nod , keep she voice low ) we do not tell she anything yet . we think that we would leave it to you . we think you would put it like how you be lonely , and why do not she come to live with you . because that way it look like she 's do you a favor , insteada we be throw she out , and it will not be so cruel on she . do you want Tommy and I to stay here with you ? mrs . pilletti I think it be a better idea if you and Thomas go out , because otherwise she 's gonna start a fight with you , and everybody 's gonna be yell . Thomas appear at the live room end of the foyer with a anxious smile on he face . thomas hello , aunt theresa . mrs . pilletti hello , Thomas . thomas I just this minute get the baby to sleep . he come down to Mrs. pilletti and Virginia , lower he voice to a conspiratorial whisper . thomas aunt theresa , we figure the best way to ask she be you say that you be very lonely , see ? and would not she come and keep you company , because that way , you see ... mrs . pilletti do not worry . I be gonna take care - a the whole thing . a shrill , imperious woman 's voice break into the whisper conference in the hallway . catherine's voice ( off-screen ) who 's there ?! who 's there ?! Mrs. pilletti head up the foyer to the live room , follow by Virginia and Thomas . mrs . pilletti ( call back ) it 's I , Catherine ! how you feel ? catherine come in at the end of the foyer . she be a gaunt woman with a face carve out of granite . she be tough , embitter , with a history of pain and mirthless hard work ingrain into she feature . catherine hey ! what be you do here ? mrs . pilletti I come to see you . how you feel ? the two sister quickly embrace and release each other . catherine I gotta pain in my leave side , and my leg throbs like a drum . mrs . pilletti I be get a pain in my shoulder . catherine I gotta pain in my shoulder too . I have a pain in my hip , and my right arm aches so much I can not sleep . it 's a curse to be old . how you feel ? mrs . pilletti I feel fine . catherine that 's nice . now that the standard greeting be over , aunt Catherine abruptly turn and go back into the live room . Mrs. pilletti follow . Virginia and Thomas remain in the doorway . live room . Catherine and Mrs. pilletti enter and Catherine head straight to a chair -- obviously she chair . it be a old heavy oaken chair with thick armrest . the rest of the apartment be furnish in what be know as " modern . " a piece from House beautiful here , a piece from american Homes and garden there . aunt Catherine sit erect and forbid in she chair . Mrs. pilletti seat herself with a sigh in a neighbor chair . Thomas and Virginia remain off -screen in the hallway for a moment to hang up Mrs. pilletti 's coat . the two old sister sit for a moment . mrs . pilletti well , how 's everything with you ? aunt Catherine grimace to describe how everything be with she . mrs . pilletti my son marty 's fine . everybody 's fine ... Thomas come in from the hallway , stand in the back of the room , somewhat apprehensively . mrs . pilletti we gotta postcard from my son nickie and he bride . they be inna big hotel in Florida on they honeymoon . everything be very nice . catherine that 's nice . I gotta letter from my husband 's cousin in abruzzi . his mother die . mrs . pilletti oh . catherine do you remember emilio digiorgio , own the tavern in abruzzi ? mrs . pilletti I do not think I remember he . catherine well , he die . you know who else die ? mrs . pilletti who ? catherine you know the old man upstairs in this house . Old irishman , always drunk . he get pleurisy . he be inna hospital two week . he die yesterday . mrs . pilletti well , I always like to visit you , Catherine , because you always get such cheerful news . Virginia come into the live room with Thomas . they remain in the background . thomas ( suddenly ) ma , you want something to eat , some tuna fish ? mrs . pilletti hey , why do not you go to the movie ? you mother and I , we be gonna be baby -sitter . Thomas look indecisively at he wife . virginia listen , let 's go downa kaplan ' apartment . they tell we to come down . mrs . pilletti sure , sure . Thomas ponder a moment . thomas all right , ma , we be go downstairs to the kaplan , if you want we for anything . they exit . the two old sister sit rigidly until they hear the SOUND of the door close . Catherine cock a eyebrow and promptly launch into she statement . catherine I wake up this morning , I hear the baby cry . so I wake up . I come in they room . that girl be shaking she hand atta baby . I say , " you brute ! do not you strike that baby ! that 's my son 's baby ! " mrs . pilletti it 's she baby too , you know . catherine that 's my son Thomas 's baby . mrs . pilletti well , it be not you baby . catherine do I tell you she throw the bottle - a milk at I ? mrs . pilletti you tell I . catherine she 's a witch , that one . I tell you what happen yesterday ? mrs . pilletti what happen ? catherine she give I the evil eye . she demonstrate this by pull the lower lid of one eye down and stare grotesquely at the ceiling . mrs . pilletti ( scoffing ) ufa ! catherine I keep one eye open when I sleep , because she 's gonna come in , stab I in my bed . mrs . pilletti Catherine , I want you come live in my house with marty and I . her sister turn , genuinely surprised at this request . catherine ah ? mrs . pilletti you son Thomas and Virginia , they come to my house this afternoon ... catherine ( sharply ) who ? mrs . pilletti you son Thomas and he wife Virginia ... catherine when be this ? mrs . pilletti this afternoon , about four , five o'clock . catherine what they say ? mrs . pilletti you know what they say . they say thing be no good in this house . Catherine , you son be marry . leave he in peace . he wantsa be alone with he wife . they do not want no old lady sit inna balcony . now I tell you what I think . I want you come live with I in my house with marty and I . in my house , you have you own room . you do not have to sleep onna couch inna live room like here . we will cook inna kitchen and talk like when we be girl . you be dear to I , and you be dear to marty . we be pleased for you to come . Catherine survey she sister coldly . catherine my son Thomas come to see you this afternoon , and he say to you he want to cast he mother from he house ? mrs . pilletti Catherine , do not make a opera outta this . the three - a you anna baby live in three skinny room . you be a old goat , and she have a italian temper . she be a good girl , but you drive she crazy . Catherine , you be no fool . you know this be no good , a old woman live with a husband and wife . two woman inna same kitchen , anna house burn down . Catherine stand abruptly . she be deeply hurt . catherine so I be a old garbage bag , put inna street . mrs . pilletti oh , Catherine , please ! do not make a tragedy . you come to my house where you know you be happier yourself . catherine it pain that they should do this . mrs . pilletti I know it pain . Catherine turn and meander a few step . the stiff edge of mordant humor that have be she one defense against life have desert she , and she be just a hurt old lady now . catherine this be the worst year , I tell you . she seat herself on a eame chair . on she right , a modern - Age lamp tower slimly . on she leave be a modern - Age endtable with a modern - Age ashtray on it . the harden muscle in she face suddenly slacken . mrs . pilletti ( with deep compassion ) Catherine , you be very dear to I . we have cry many time together . when my husband die , I would have go insane if it be not for you . I ask you to come to my house , because I can make you happy . please come to my house . catherine this be the worst year . I tell you . it 's gonna happen to you . I be afraida look inna mirror . I be afraid I be gonna see a old lady with white hair , like the old lady inna park , little bundle inna black shawl , wait for the coffin . I be fifty - six year old . what be I to do with myself ? I have strength in my hand . I wanna cook . I wanna clean . I wanna make dinner for my child . be I a old dog to lie in fronta the fire till my eye close ? this be the terrible year , theresa ! terrible year ! mrs . pilletti Catherine , my sister ... Catherine stare distraught at Mrs. pilletti . catherine it 's gonna happen to you ! it 's gonna happen to you ! what will you do if marty get marry ?! what will you cook ? what happen to alla child play in alla room ? where be the noise ?! it be a curse to be a widow ! a curse . what will you do if marty get marry ?! what will you do ? she stare at Mrs. pilletti , she deep eye haggard and pain . Mrs. pilletti stare back for a moment , then she own eye close . Catherine have hit home . Catherine sink back onto she chair , sit stiffly , she arm on the thick armrest . Mrs. pilletti sit hunch a little forward , she hand fold nervously in she lap . catherine ( continue quietly ) I will put my clothes inna bag , and I will come to you tomorrow . the two sister , somber and silent , continue to just stare at one another . the stardust ballroom . night camera pan the crowd , pick up marty and Clara dance cheek - to - cheek on the crowded , darken dance floor . the music ride over the top of the scene . marty you come up here often ? clara I be up here twice before . once with a friend of mine and once I come up alone . the last time ... do you see that girl in the gray dress sit over there ? marty yeah . clara well , the last time I be up here , that 's where I sit . I sit there for a hour and a half , without move a muscle . now and then , some fellow would sort of walk up to I and then change he mind . I will never forget just sit there for a hour and a half with my hand in my lap . then I begin to cry , and I have to get up and go home . marty I cry a lot too . I be a big cryer . clara this be something recent with I , this burst into tear at the least thing . marty oh , I cry all the time , any little thing . my brother , my brother - in - law , they be always tell I what a goodheart guy I be . well , you do not get goodheart by accident . you get kick around long enough , you get to be a real professor of pain . I know exactly how you feel . and I also want you to know I be have a very good time with you now and really enjoy myself . so you see , you be not such a dog as you think you be . clara I be have a very good time , too . marty so there you be . so I guess I be not such a dog as I think I be . clara you be a very nice guy , and I do not know why some girl have not grab you off long ago . marty I do not know either . I think I be a very nice guy . I also think I be a pretty smart guy in my own way . Clara smile briefly at this . marty now I figure , two people get marry , and they gonna live together forty , fifty year . so it 's just gotta be more than whether they be good look or not . you tell I you think you be not very good - look . my father be a really ugly man , but my mother adore he . she tell I that she use to get so miserable sometimes , like everybody , you know ? and she say my father always try to understand . I use to see they sometimes when I be a kid , sit in the live room , talk and talk , and I use to adore my old man , because he be so kind . that 's one of the most beautiful thing I have in my life , the way my father and mother be . and my father be a real ugly man . so it do not matter if you look like a gorilla . so you see , dog like we , we be not such dog as we think we be . they dance silently for a moment , cheek press against each other . clara I be twenty - nine year old . how old be you ? marty I be thirty - four . ballroom , stairway . marty and Clara be about halfway down the step lead to the street entrance to the ballroom . Clara have on a light summer coat . marty be about two step ahead of she and have to keep turn he head to talk to she . he be in a elevate mood , intoxicate -- on a talk jag . marty ... you teach chemistry ? that 's funny . where ? what school ? clara Benjamin Franklin High School . marty Benjamin Franklin , where 's that ? Brooklyn ? I go to Theodore Roosevelt right up here on fordham Road . it 's right arounna corner from my house . I have a cousin who 's a teacher . he teach Latin . he life in Chicago . he be study to be a Jesuit , but he give it up after he first vow . he have reach the street landing and wait for Clara to catch up with he . they stand in front of the glass door lead to the street . ballroom vestibule . glass door . marty ( prattling on ) I be pretty good in high school . I sound like a jerk now , but I be pretty good . I graduate with a eighty - two average . that be not bad . I be accept at City College . I fill out the application and everything , but my old man die , so I hadda go to work . my best class be german . that be my first language . Der , die , das -- des , der , des . there you be , I still remember ... he push the glass door open to ... the STREET outside the stardust ballroom . as marty and Clara emerge onto the sidewalk of West Farms Square , they pause again . it be about nine o'clock , and the busy street be brightly light from the store . passersby hurry on they way . the elevate subway rumble over - head intermittently . marty ( chatter on ) you know what I be good at in high school ? I be good in math . you know how long ago I graduate high school ? June , nineteen -thirty -seven . Holy cow ! June , nineteen -thirty -seven ! what be that ? Fifteen , seventeen year ago ! Holy cow ! seventeen year ago ! be that right ? seventeen , that 's right . where do it all go ? I be get old . I be gonna be thirty - five November eighth . thirty -five . wow . time go on , boy . he take she arm , and they start walk . marty nineteen-thirty-seven ... that 's right . my old man die December , nineteen - thirty - seven . sidewalk . moving shot as they stroll toward the corner of Jerome and burnside avenue . marty two o'clock in the morning he die . the doorbell ring , and I know something be wrong right away . because my room be onna ground floor inna front , you see , and I get outta bed , and I answer the door ... camera hold as marty , catch in he story , stop and continue intently . marty there be Mr. stern . he have a house down about a block from we . he move out though . my old man , he use to play card with he and some other old guy . he 's a jewish feller . so he say , " be you mother home ? " so I know right away there be something wrong . I be only eighteen , exactly eighteen year old , just the month before . so I say , " be something wrong , Mr. stern ? " I be in my pajamas , you know ? so he say , " marty , you father die . " my father die right inna middle of play card , right at the table . he have a heart attack . he have low blood pressure , my old man . he use to faint a lot . suddenly he look at Clara , rather startle . marty Boy , be I talk , I never talk so much in my life . usually , everybody come to I and tell I all they trouble . well , I be gonna shut up now , and I be gonna let you get a word in ... he take she arm again , and they continue strolling toward the corner intersection in silence . marty seventeen year ago . what I be do with myself all that time ?... well , I be talk again . I must be drive you crazy . mosta the time I be with a girl , I can not find a word to say . well , I be gonna shut up now . because I be not like this usually . usually , I ... well , here I go again . they reach the corner intersection . camera hold on marty as he pause again . he stare at Clara , confuse at he strange loquacity . marty I can not shut my mouth ... I be on a jag , for Pete 's sake . you would think I be load ... marty stare at Clara , absolutely aghast at he inability to stop talk . marty I can not stop talk ! be not this stupid ?! he stand there in the middle of the sidewalk with people move past , back and forth . marty continue to stare at Clara , he broad face widen by a foolish , confuse smile . Clara regards he affectionately . marty ( with sudden sincerity ) you gotta real nice face , you know ? it 's really a nice face . clara thank you . they stroll along farther up the noisy , jangle , trafficked Saturday night avenue . grand concourse luncheonette . night . once a candy store , now a soda fountain where booth have be install in the rear . one wall of the luncheonette in front be cover with magazine from floor to ceiling . it be a nice clean joint , brightly light . several customer be occupy three of the four booth . booth . they sit opposite each other in the booth . each have a cup of coffee . marty be still talk , but now he be apparently tell a story so funny that he can hardly get the word out . the hilarity have communicate itself to Clara . her eye be burn with suppress laughter . every now and then she have to gasp to control the bubbly giggle inside of she . marty ...so I be inna kneel position , and if you ever try shoot a bar inna kneel position , you know what I mean . I can not holda steady position . I be waver back and forth ... he have to interrupt the narrative to control a seizure of giggle . Clara wipe she eye and catch she breath . marty ... so the guy next to I , he 's shoot from the prone position , and he 's cross - eye like I tell you ... he can not go on . he have to stop and cover he face with one hand . marty so just then ... ( stop to control himself again ) ... so just then I hear five shot go off from the guy next to I ... it 's too much for he . he let out a sudden guffaw and instantly smother it under shaking shoulder . Clara hide she face in she hand and giggle desperately . some of the other people turn to look at they . marty so my target go down , and a minute later , the flag come up . I get five bull -eye . this cross -ey guy next to I , he shot five bull - eye into my target ... he stare at the girl , spend from laughter . marty ... so I say to the sergeant who be check my score , " pretty good , eh , sarge ? five bull -eye ? so this sergeant , he do not know what happen , he say , " say , that 's all right , pilletti " ... he close he eye , shake he head . marty oh , man . so that 's what happen . that 's how I get the reputation - a be the best shot inna whole battalion ... oh , man ... for a moment they seem to have control they laughter . they sit , shaking they head , study they finger on the table in front of they . then slowly , marty begin to giggle again . it communicate itself to Clara . in a moment they be hide they face in they hand , they shoulder shiver with laughter . stardust ballroom . close on Angie . his eye look slowly in every direction . camera pull back disclose Angie stand on the fringe of the dance floor , head arched high , look at the crowded dance floor . he start back to the archway toward the lounge , look over he shoulder . archway . Angie come into the archway , throw one more glance over he shoulder at the dance floor , then turn and enter the ... lounge . Angie walk down the length of the lounge , look into the booth and simultaneously at the people move back and forth in the lounge . at the far end of the lounge , he turn and come back along the bar side , check each face at the bar . anteroom . there be three young buckoe lay out they money for admission . one of they call to Angie . bucko anything good in there , Mac ? angie a buncha dog . he cross to the Men 's room . men' room . Angie come into a momentarily empty room . Angie go the full length of the white tile room , past the wash bowl , the long mirror , bend to look under the door of the stall . suddenly he call out . angie hey , marty ! hey , marty , you in here ?! he wait for a answer ... grand concourse luncheonette . close on marty and Clara still in the booth , but two more cup of coffee have be set down in front of each of they . there be also two pie-plate . Clara have leave half of she pie . also a empty pack of cigarettes , and another pack half - go . they be both smoking . marty be still talk , but the mood be no longer laughter . a pensive , speculative hush have fall over they . they have be talk for hour , and they have reach the stage where you start tear design in the paper napkin . marty ... when I get outta the army , Clara , I be lose . I do not know what I want to do . I be twenny - five year old , what be I gonna do , go back to my old job , forty cent a hour . I think maybe I go to college under the g.i. biller rights , you know ? but I would not graduate till I be twenny - eight , twenny - nine year old , even if I make it in three year . and my brother freddie want to get marry , and I have three unmarried sister -- in a italian home , that 's a terrible thing . and my kid brother nickie , he 's a one get marry last week . so I just go to piece . I use to walk inna street till three , four o'clock inna morning . my mother use to be so worried about I . my uncle mario come over one time . he offer I a job drive he hack onna night shift . he get he own cab , you know . and God forgive I for what I be gonna say now , but I use to thinka do away with myself . I use to stand sometimes in the subway , and God forgive I what I be go to say , I use to feel the track suck I down under the wheel . clara ( deeply sympathetic ) yes , I know . marty I be a Catholic , you know , and even to think about suicide be a terrible sin . clara yes , I know . marty so then Mr. gazzara -- he be a frienda my father -- he offer I this job in he butcher shop , and everybody plead with I to take it . so that 's what happen . I do not wanna be a butcher . clara there 's nothing wrong with be a butcher . marty well , I would not call it a elegant profession . it 's in a lower social scale . people look down on butcher . clara I do not . marty look quickly up at she , then back down . marty well , the point be Mr. gazzara wantsa sell he shop now , because he and he wife be lonely , and they wanna move out to California in Los Angeles and live near they marry daughter . because she 's always write they to come out there . so it 's a nice little shop . I handle he book for he , so I know he have a thirty - five percent markup which be not unreasonable , and he take home net maybe a hundred , hundred and fifty buck a week . the point be , of course , you gotta worry about the supermarket . there 's two inna neighborhood now , and there 's a a&amp ; p come in , at least that 's the rumor . of course , mosta he trade be strictly italian , but the young italian girl , they get marry , and they do not stick to the old italian dish so much . I mean , you gotta take that into account too . clara it 's my feel that you really want to buy this shop , marty . marty that 's true . I do . but I be gonna have to take outta loan inna bank eight thousand dollar . that 's a big note to carry , because I have to give Mr. gazzara a mortgage , and what I have to weigh be : will it pay off in the end more than I can make onna salary ? Clara look down at she finger , she face alive and sensitive . she carefully assemble she word in she mind . then she look at the squat butcher across the table from she . clara marty , I know you for three hour , but I know you be a good butcher . you be a intelligent , sensitive , decent man . I have a feel about you like sometimes a kid come in to see I for one reason or another . and some of this kid , marty , in my class , they have so much warmth in they , so much capacity . and that 's the feel I get about you . marty shut he eye , then open they quickly , bow he head . clara if you be one of my student , I would say , " go ahead and buy the butcher shop . you be a good butcher . " Clara pause . marty ( not quite trust the timbre of he voice ) well , there 's a lotta thing I could do with this shop . I could organize my own supermarket . get a buncha neighborhood merchant together . that 's what a lotta they be do . he look up at she now . marty wadda you think ? clara I think anything you want to do , you will do well . tear begin to flood he eye again . he quickly look away . he lick he lip . marty ( still look down ) I be Catholic . be you Catholic ? Clara look down at she hand . clara ( also in a low voice ) yes , I be . marty look up at she . marty I only get about three buck on I now , but I just live about eight block from here on the other side of webster Avenue . why do not we walk back to my house ? I will run in , pick up some dough , and let 's step out somewhere . clara I really should get home ... she twist in she seat and look toward the back of the luncheonette . marty it 's only a quarter of twelve . the clock 's right over there . clara I really should get home , I tell my father ... well , I suppose a little while longer . I wonder if there 's any place around here I could put some makeup on ... marty consider this problem for a second , then lean out of the booth and call out . marty hey , Mac ! camera angle to include the proprietor of the luncheonette . he be sit in one of the booth ahead read the Sunday Mirror . he look up toward marty . marty you gotta lady ' room around here ? proprietor inna back . marty ( to Clara ) inna back . Clara smile at this innocent gaucherie , then edge out of the booth , take she purse with she . 187th STREET . night . high angle shot of Angie meander down the street on which the neighborhood bar be locate . it be near midnight , and the street be empty except for Angie and the clacking of he leather heel on the pavement . he come to the bar , open the door , enter ... the bar . night . the sound of Saturday night revelry be loud , come mostly from the irish contingent of the neighborhood . they be group along practically the whole bar . Three or four women and a number of shirtsleeve men , mostly in they late forty , early fifty . we know they be irish , because one of the young man be chant a auld country ballad . camera angle disclose the entrance to the bar in the background , show Angie come in , look here and there . he start toward the bar . near bar . two irish women , middle - age , squat heavily on bar stool over they schooner of beer , gassing away at each other . first irish woman ... so she tell I that the doctor tell she that if she have any more baby , she would do so at the risk of she life ... Angie shuffles in , pause near the bar and stand behind the two irish woman . second irish woman she be always a bit thin in the hip ... first irish woman well , at the time she tell I this , she already have six . every time I see the woman , she be either ... angie hey , Lou ! first irish woman ... go to the hospital or come from it . she be hatching they out like egg . second irish woman and that husband of hers be a skinny bit of a fellow , be not he ? first irish woman well , I bump into she on the street , and she be as big as a barrel . angie ( loudly ) hey , Lou ! camera angle to include Lou , the bartender . bartender ( look up from open a batch of beer bottle ) what ? first irish woman ... so I say to she , " Mary ... angie ( call to the bartender ) marty be in here the last coupla hour or so ? first irish woman " ... Mary , for heaven 's sake , do not you tell I that another one will kill you ? " bartender I be not see marty all night ... second irish woman and she husband be a little bit of a man , be not he ? angie ( call to the bartender , but even more to himself ) where be everybody ? I be walk around , I can not find anybody ... first irish woman well , last week Tuesday , she give birth to the baby in Saint Elizabeth 's hospital ... a big healthy boy of nine pound ... second irish woman oh , that 's nice . so the doctor be wrong , be not he ? first irish woman oh , no ! she die right in the hospital ... second irish woman oh , that 's a sad story . and she husband be that little fellow , work in Peter reeves . first irish woman that 's the one . second irish woman oh , that 's a sad story . Angie have nothing better to do than give he attention to the last line of the story . perturb , he turn and leave . near elevate subway . night . with street noise over the scene , marty and Clara walk along through the intricate understructure of the elevate subway toward webster Avenue . STREET . marty and Clara walk slowly along a side street in marty 's neighborhood . the street be almost empty ; perhaps a occasional pedestrian on the other side of the street . the car be park bumper - to- bumper in line along the curb . the five -story apartment building be mostly dark , a occasional window light . marty suddenly stop and bend down ; he shoe lace have become untied . Clara sit back against the fender of the nearest car and continue talk . clara ... it 's really a fine opportunity for I . but I be not sure I want to be a department head . it 's mostly executive and administrative work . well , anyway , I tell you about my father , and he depend on I a great deal , and ... marty ( still concentrate on he shoelace ) why do not you just move out to portchester ? clara well , that 's what I be say . my father be get old . and we be very close . he 's a wonderful man , really ... she pause as he straighten . he look at she a moment . marty I think you be kid yourself , Clara . I use to think about move out , you know ? and that 's what I use to say . " my mother need I . " but when you really get down to it , that be not it at all . actually , you need you father . you know what I mean ? you be live at home , and you get you father and mother there , and you can go on like that -- be a little girl all you life . clara I be afraid of be lonely . marty oh , you will not be so lonely . you will make friend right away . clara actually , I do not make friend easily . marty what be you talk about ? you be a real likeable person . you will make friend out there in portchester one , two , three . you will have people visit you alla time . I will come visit you . I will borrow my brother freddie 's car , or you can call I up when you feel blue , or I will call you up . and it 's gonna be nice . do not be so afraid . they have only go a few pace farther when marty 's shoelace come loose again . he fidget self - consciously , bend down and begin to retie it . the voice of Ralph , the well - dress man , establish previously , be hear . ralph's voice ( off-screen ) hey , marty ! marty and Clara both look off ... STREET . car window . Ralph be lean out the car window twist to look back up the street . ralph ( yell ) hey , marty ! marty and Clara look around to find the source of the voice . ralph marty ! over here ! marty and Clara again look around try to find Ralph . marty spot he lean out of the window of a ' 47 chevy park in the background . marty hello , Ralph . ralph ( yell ) hey , marty , come over here a minute . marty and Clara start walk toward the chevy . inside the chevy . Ralph and mabel , a young woman in she early thirty , be seat in front . in the rear seat of the car , leo be sandwich in between a miss louise kelly and a miss elaine ritchie . ralph ( explain to girl ) you will like this guy . this guy 's a nice guy . leo who 's this ? marty ? ralph yeah . leo ( confirm Ralph 's statement ) oh , this guy 's a nice guy . STREET . marty stop and excuse himself from Clara to walk slowly toward the chevy . it 's about five car down from he . the camera pan with he . outside the chevy . Ralph be lean out of the window again , watch marty approach . marty ( approach the car ) hello , Ralph , what 's new ? ( look through the back window , recognize Leo ) hiya , Leo . leo hiya , marty . ralph ( indicate with he head that he wish to hold a whisper conference with marty ) hey , marty , come here a minute . marty lean with he elbow on the open front window of the car , he head bow , wait for Ralph to speak he piece . he studiously avoid look at the girl in the car . ralph ( lowering he voice ) hey , marty , we get a odd squirrel here , you interested ? marty allow he eye to flicker quickly over the girl in the seat next to Ralph . marty waddaya mean , Ralph ? ralph ( turn he head toward the rear of the car and raise he voice ) hey , Louise , I want you to meet marty pilletti . marty , that 's Louise Kelly , inna back seat there . marty hiya . Louise , not a unattractive girl by any mean , be a little surly at the moment . she merely nod at the introduction . louise what be we go to do , just sit around here all night ? ralph ( address marty 's bow head in a quick mutter ) listen , marty , this three squirrel be nurse . we be all go over Leo 's house later because there 's nobody there . this be the squirrel I tell you about . money inna bank , man . wanna get inna car ? she 's a pretty nice - look doll . marty I be with a girl , Ralph . ralph get ridda she . this be money inna bank . marty I can not do that , Ralph , because somebody already brush she off once tonight . ralph this be a good deal here , marty . marty straighten , look surreptitiously back to the corner where Clara be stand . Clara stand alone on the corner . she be a angular , awkward , plain girl . marty bring he attention back around to Ralph who be lean out of the car window . marty ( bend down to Ralph ) I can not do it , Ralph . thanks anyway . ( look toward back seat ) very nice to have meet you all . louise come on , let 's get outta here . leo hey , Ralph , we might as well get go . Ralph bend forward and start the car . marty I will see you , Leo . leo I will see you , marty . marty take a step or two back from the car , and Ralph begin the business of wheeling the car from out of its parking place . the car back and fill once or twice and eventually clear and whisk into the street . marty stand look after the depart car , then slowly turn and go back up the sidewalk . he join Clara and we ... dissolve to : pilletti home , kitchen . night marty and Clara come into the dark house . nobody be home . marty and Clara 's silhouettes block the doorway momentarily . marty wait a minute . lemme find the light . he find the light . the kitchen be suddenly brightly light . the two of they stand squinting to adjust to the sudden glare . marty I guess my mother be not home yet . I figure my cousin Thomas and Virginia musta go to the movie , so they will not get back till one o'clock at least . Clara advance into the kitchen , a little ill at ease , and look around . marty close the porch door . marty this be the kitchen . clara yes , I know . marty come on inna dining room . he turn the light on as he enter . Clara follow he into the ... dine room . marty siddown , take off you coat . you want something to eat ? we gotta whole half - chicken in the icebox . clara ( alight tentatively on the edge of a chair ) no , thank you . I do not think I should stay very long . marty sure . just take off you coat a minute . he help she off with she coat . he remain behind she , look down at she . conscious of he scrutiny , she sit uncomfortably , breathe unevenly . marty take she coat into the dark live room . Clara be patient but nervous . marty come back , sit on another chair , and there be a awkward silence . marty so I be tell you , my kid brother nickie get marry last Sunday . that be a very nice affair . and they have this statue of some woman , and they have whiskey spout outta she mouth . I never see anything so grand in my life . ( the silence again fall between they . ) and watta meal . I be a butcher , so I know a good hunka steak when I see one . that be choice filet , right off the toppa the chuck . a buck eighty a pound . of course , if you wanna cheaper cut , get rib steak . that gotta lotta waste on it , but it come to about a buck and a quarter a pound , if it 's trim . listen , Clara , make yourself comfortable . you be all tense . clara oh , I be fine . marty you want I to take you home , I will take you home . clara maybe that would be a good idea . she stand . he stand . he 's a little angry . he turn and sullenly go back to the live room for she coat . wordlessly , he begin to help she into the coat . stand behind she , he put he hand on she shoulder , then suddenly seize she , and begin kissing she on the neck . as marty hold Clara , kissing the back of she neck , the dialogue drop to quick , hushed whisper . clara no , marty , please ... marty I like you . I like you . I be tell you all night , I like you ... clara marty ... marty I just wanna kiss , that 's all . he attempt to turn she face toward he . she resist . clara no ... marty please ... clara no ... marty please ... clara marty ... he release she and turn away violently . marty all right ! I will take you home ! all right ! he march a few pace away , deeply disturb . he turn back to she . marty all I want be a lousy kiss ! what do you think , I be gonna try something serious with my mother come home any minute !? what be I , a leper or something ?! he turn and go into the live room to hide the flush of hot tear threaten to fill he eye . Clara be also on the verge of tear . clara ( more to herself than to he ) I just do not feel like it , that 's all . slowly , she move to the archway lead to the live room . camera angle to include the live room where marty sit on the couch with he hand in he lap , stare straight ahead . the room be dark except for the slant light come from the dining room . Clara go to the couch and sit on the edge beside he . he do not look at she . live room . marty I be old enough to know better . come New Year 's Eve , everybody start arrange party , I be the guy they gotta dig up a date for . let I getta packa cigarettes , and I will take you home . he start to rise but instead sink back onto the couch , look straight ahead . Clara look at he , she face peculiarly soft and compassionate . clara I would like to see you again . very much . the reason I do not let you kiss I be because I just do not know how to handle the situation . you be the kindest man I ever meet . the reason I tell you this be because I want to see you again very much . I know that when you take I home , I be go to just lie on my bed and think about you . I want very much to see you again . marty stare down at he hand . marty ( without look over at she ) waddaya do tomorrow night ? clara nothing . marty I will call you up tomorrow morning . maybe , we will go see a movie . clara I would like that very much . marty the reason I can not be definite about it now be my aunt Catherine be probably come over tomorrow , and I may have to help out . clara I will wait for you call . marty we better get start to you house , because the bus only run about one a hour now . clara all right . she stand . marty I will just get a packa cigarettes . he rise and go into he bedroom . camera angle to include door to bedroom . marty open he bureau drawer and extract a pack of cigarettes . he come back out and look at Clara for the first time . they start to walk to the dining room . in the archway , marty pause and turn to she . marty waddaya do New Year 's Eve ? clara nothing . they quietly slip into each other 's arm and kiss . slowly they face part , and marty 's head sink down upon she shoulder . he be cry , detectable from the slight shake of he shoulder . the girl press she cheek against the back of he head . they stand . the SOUND of the kitchen door open split they out of they embrace . a moment later Mrs. pilletti 's voice be hear . mrs . pilletti's voice ( off-screen ) hallo ! hallo ! marty ?! she come into the dining room , stop at the sight of marty and Clara . mrs . pilletti hello , marty , when you come home ? marty we just get here about fifteen minute ago . ma , I want you to meet miss Clara Snyder . she 's graduate of New York University . she teach chemistry in Benjamin Franklin High School . this seem to impress Mrs. pilletti . mrs . pilletti siddown , siddown . you want some chicken ? we get some chicken in the ice box . clara no , Mrs. pilletti . we be just go home . thank you very much anyway . mrs . pilletti well , siddown a minute . I just come inna house . I will take off my coat . siddown a minute . Mrs. pilletti pull she coat off . marty how would you come home , ma ? Thomas give you a ride ? mrs . pilletti ( nodd ) oh , it 's a sad business . ( turn to Clara ) my sister , Catherine , she do not get along with she daughter - in - law , so she 's gonna come live with we . marty oh , she 's come , eh , ma ? mrs . pilletti oh , sure . ( to Clara ) siddown , siddown . marty , tell she siddown . marty might as well siddown a minute , Clara . Clara smile and sit . Mrs. pilletti likewise seat herself , hold she coat in she lap . mrs . pilletti ( to marty ) do you offer the young lady some fruit ? marty I offer she , ma , she do not want nothing . clara no , thank you , really , Mrs. pilletti . mrs . pilletti ( to Clara with a sigh ) it 's a very sad business , I tell you . a woman , fifty - six year old , all she life , she have she own home . now she 's just a old lady , sleep on she daughter - in - law 's couch . it 's a curse to be a mother , I tell you . you child grow up and then what be leave for you to do ? what be a mother 's life but she child ? it be a very cruel thing when you son have no place for you in he home . clara could not she find some sort of hobby to fill out she time ? mrs . pilletti hobby ! what can she do ? she cook and she clean . you gotta have a house to clean . you gotta have child to cook for . this be the terrible year for a woman , the terrible year . clara you must not feel too harshly against she daughter - in- law . she also want to have a house to clean and a family to cook for . Mrs. pilletti dart a quick , sharp look at Clara . then she look back to she own hand , which be beginning to twist nervously . mrs . pilletti you do not think my sister Catherine should live in she daughter - in- law 's house ? clara well , I do not know the people , of course , but as a rule , I do not think a mother - in - law should live with a young couple . mrs . pilletti where do you think a mother - in - law should go ? clara I do not think a mother should depend so much upon she child for she reward in life . mrs . pilletti well , maybe that 's what they teach you in New York University . in real life , it do not work out that way . you wait till you be a mother . clara it 's silly of I to argue about it . I do not know the people involved . marty ma , I be gonna take she home now . it 's get late , and the bus only run about one a hour . mrs . pilletti ( stand ) sure . clara ( stand ) it be very nice meeting you , Mrs. pilletti . I hope I will see you again . mrs . pilletti sure . marty and Clara move toward the kitchen . marty all right , ma. I will be back in about a hour , a hour anna half . mrs . pilletti sure . clara goodnight , Mrs. pilletti . mrs . pilletti goodnight . marty and Clara go out through the kitchen . camera stays on Mrs. pilletti , who stand expressionlessly by she chair , stare after they . she remain there rigid even after the kitchen door have opened and shut . fordham road . night the biggest intersection in the bronx be near the Grand concourse at fordham Road , which be the biggest boulevard . despite the hour , the sidewalk be crowded with people . the traffic be heavy with bus . we pick up Angie walk up fordham Road just about to the Grand concourse . as he reach the northeast corner of the intersection and stand , wait for the light to change , he look off -screen . something capture he attention , and he call out . angie hey !! STREET outside a department store . in front of Alexander 's Department store , the street be crowded , and a bus queue wait for the downtown concourse bus . marty and Clara be part of the queue . angie ( start toward marty and Clara , shouting ) hey ! Angie start into the street without wait for the light to change . impatiently , he have to wait until traffic stop for the light . angie ( shouting as he go ) hey , marty ! hey ! marty and Clara still stand , seem not to hear Angie . angie' voice ( off-screen ) hey , marty ! marty ! marty and Clara turn and stare off-screen . Angie push he way through the crowd on the sidewalk and manage to join marty and Clara . angie where you be , for Pete sake ?! I be look all over for you . marty I look for you , Angie , before I cut out , but I could not find you . angie I be look all over for you ! Angie be absolutely unaware of , or simply refuse to acknowledge the presence of the girl . he have push himself in between marty and Clara , and address himself entirely to marty . marty what happen , Angie , be that we think we be just gonna go for a short walk , and then we think we be gonna come right back , but we get to talk . listen , Angie , I want you to meet Clara ... ( he try to turn the sullen Angie toward Clara ) Clara , this be my best friend , Angie . I tell you about he . clara how do you do ? Angie acknowledge the introduction with a surly nod . angie ( completely ignore Clara now ) waddaya gonna do now ? marty I be gonna take Clara home . it 's close to one . angie you want I to ride down with you ? marty what for ? angie it 's early . marty it must be one o'clock . angie it 's Saturday night ! there 's still plenty - a action around ! marty Angie , by the time I get Clara home , it 's gonna be one , one - thirty . by the time I get home , it 's gonna be two o'clock . I gotta get up for ten o'clock mass tomorrow . Angie stare with thick , sullen jealousy at he best friend . he turn sharply and start away from marty and Clara . angie ( as he go ) all right , I will see you ! marty ( call after he ) where you go ? Angie , feel reject and jealous , move swiftly out into the other pedestrian on fordham Road . marty ( call more loudly after he ) I will see you tomorrow after mass ! he stare for a moment at the depart form of he friend , then turn to Clara with a shrug and a smile , as if to say , " I do not know what 's the matter with he . " the long -await downtown bus roar up to the corner , block we view of marty and Clara . lower-middle-class bronx STREET . night . marty and Clara stroll along the walk toward the front door of a apartment house . apartment house lobby . night . marty and Clara enter and cross the lobby toward the stairway . they move slowly . marty you get a elevator in this house ? clara we just live one flight up . marty so I will call you tomorrow . clara okay . Clara lean against the iron banister of the stairway . clara call I about two - thirty , because I will not be home from my aunt 's till about then . the door of the elevator slide open , and a middle - age couple come out . they have obviously be have a heat exchange ; but at the sight of marty and the girl at the stairway , they become silent . they march across the lobby and out to the street in repress silence . the door clang behind they . marty and Clara have wait stiffly through this interruption , and now they look at each other and smile . marty okay , so I will see you tomorrow night then . clara okay . marty turn and move across the lobby toward the street door . outside the apartment house . marty stand a moment in the clear black night air , expressionless , but within he , a strange exhilaration be beginning to stir . he mosie away from the building along the sidewalk , camera pan with he . he strike out suddenly with a spirite stride , as if he know where he be go . 176th STREET . closer shot of marty march along 176th Street . he quickly reach the Grand concourse . here he pause a moment , a little at a loss for what direction to take -- then remember he need the uptown bus . he move across the wide street to get to the other side of the boulevard . again , he seem to lose track of which direction be homeward . he walk uptown a way with a strange jerky stride , pause every once in a while to see whether there 's a bus come . suddenly marty break into a dog-trot , then drop back into the stiff stride as he approach ... the intersection of the grand concourse . the corner near the bus stop be desert . marty stop , lean against the pole of the bus stop sign . abruptly , he turn and walk uptown a little further . series of intercut : marty stride , walk , stop short , go to the curb desultorily , a few pace into the street , move back . the traffic move by he . he stand in the wide street , then with a gesture of magnificent expansiveness , he raise he arm and call out . marty taxi ! taxi ! hey , taxi ! taxi ! taxi ! close - up of marty stand in the street , cry ... marty taxi !... taxi !... fade out . pilletti home , marty' bedroom . day marty be in he trousers and T-shirt . he whistle as he assemble he toilet article for a shave . he start out toward the live room , still whistling . Bright sunlight pour through the curtain on he window . second floor . marty 's whistling accompany he to the second floor where he turn into the bathroom . camera angle to include Mrs. pilletti 's bedroom , disclose she wear a old fade batiste kimona , putter around she room and clean . as marty 's toneless tune reach she , Mrs. pilletti turn she head and stare off , listen . thomas and virginia's apartment . day . Catherine , in the live room , be pack she meager but neatly fold belonging into a old european carpet bag . she have regain she stiff , mordant crustiness . the mild wail of a baby can be hear . bedroom . the crowded bedroom be furnish in white modern . it be cluttere by a baby 's bassinet and other baby item . Virginia sit on the edge of the bed , hold the baby , quieting it . she be half - dress , wear she pajama top , a half - slip , no stocking ; she hair be still uncomb . Thomas slouches against a chest of drawer , in morning semi-deshabille . he be obviously sick with guilt . Virginia look anxiously at she husband then to the baby in she arm . virginia ( heavy whisper ) do not you think I feel lousy about this too ? thomas all right , ginnie . I do not wanna talk anymore about it . ( sit on a wooden chair , unroll a fresh pair of sock he 's be hold ) I do not think I get one hour 's sleep the whole night . ( raise one leg to put a sock on , pause with he heel on the edge of he chair ) last night be the first time in my life I ever hear my mother cry , you know that ? virginia Tommy ... thomas ( snap ) I do not wanna talk about it ! he pull he sock on angrily , then let he leg fall back to the floor and just sit , one sock on , one sock in he hand . he look sullenly in the direction of he wife . thomas ( continue , huffy ) I know what you be gonna say . a man 's gotta stop be he mother 's baby sooner or later . how many time you gonna say it ? she 's my mother , you know . I oughta have some feeling about she , do not you think ? virginia why do you always put I inna position of be the louse ? thomas ( in a furious whisper ) Virginia , I do not wanna hear no more about it ! he stand , then become aware he have to put on he other sock . he sit down again and pull the second sock on . Virginia have have a hot reply in she mouth , but she force it back . she rock the baby a little . virginia Tommy , I love you , and I know you feel lousy right now , but we be never gonna be happy unless we have a chance to work out we own life . we can not keep talk in whisper like this the resta we life . we gotta have some privacy . we ... Thomas have rise , a slim , dark , unsettle young man in undershirt and trousers , hold he shoe in one hand . he start toward the ... foyer . Thomas stride down the little foyer . he turn and look into the live room . he watch he mother pack strange brown parcel into she bag . thomas ( scowling ) can not you wait five minute ? I will drive you over inna car . I just gotta put my shirt on , that 's all . the old lady nod brusquely . live room . Thomas stand with he head bow to hide the tear he feel sweeping into he hot eye . then he return to he bedroom in he stock - foot , carry he shoe . bedroom . Thomas come in just as Virginia bend over the bassinet , have get the baby back to sleep . Thomas cry to she in a furious whisper . thomas all right , get dress , because we be gonna drive my mother over . why could not you get along with she ?! why could not you make just a little effort ?! she 's a little hard to get along with ! all right ! all I ask you be try a little . he turn from she , sit down on the bed miserably angry with the world , he wife , he mother , himself . the baby begin to whimper again . Virginia turn wearily to she husband . virginia Tommy ... thomas ( roaring out ) I do not wanna hear anymore about it , you hear I ? marty' home , front porch . day . a small procession consist of Thomas carry he mother 's carpet bag , he mother carry small paper - wrap bundle , and Virginia hold the baby come across the front hedge . Thomas lead the parade with a muffle sorrow . they turn up the porch to the front door . Virginia remain in the small front yard . she be miserable . pilletti home , dine room . day . Mrs. pilletti be dress in hat and coat and all set to go to mass . she be bent over the dining room table pile the breakfast dish and crumb the table . she look up as Thomas come in carry he mother 's bag . aunt Catherine be right behind he . Beyond the porch , we can see Virginia walk the baby around outside . thomas hello , aunt theresa . mrs . pilletti hello , Thomas , how do you feel ? thomas ( set the bag down ) ah , my mother , she drive I crazy . I hadda beg she to let I drive she over here . the martyr . she always gotta be the big martyr . catherine hey , will you go to mass , please . this one , he wake up this morning with salt in he nose . do this ! do that ! will you leave I in peace , ah ? a burst of spirite song soar from upstairs . Mrs. pilletti , aunt Catherine and even Thomas pause to look up in the direction of the voice . hallway / stairway . marty descend the stair whistling . he carry he jacket over he arm . he make some final adjustment to he tie . dine room . alert to marty 's mood , Mrs. pilletti , aunt Catherine and Thomas stand , wait for he to join they downstairs . marty ( ebulliently ) hello , aunt Catherine ! how be you ? hello , Thomas . you go to mass with we ? catherine I be at mass two hour ago . marty well , make yourself at home . the refrigerator be load with food . go upstairs , take any room you want . Thomas , you go to mass with we ? thomas ( nod ) yeah , yeah , sure . he abruptly go out into the live room and onto the front porch . mrs . pilletti ( to Catherine ) you wanna cuppa coffee ? marty have follow Thomas out into the live room . marty Boy , beautiful day , hey , Thomas ? thomas sure , great if you be not marry . Thomas go out the door onto the porch . marty stand in the open doorway . he look out into the warm sunshine in the front yard . marty hi , Virginia . he go out into the yard to Virginia . he be as gay as a bird . he take the baby from Virginia 's arm , hold it high up above he . marty ( to baby ) hey , little boy , you sure get fat . you weigh more than a side - a beef now . ( beam at the baby ) hey , Thomas , so I be tell you yesterday you be over my house -- Mr. gazzara , my boss , so he wantsa sell he shop , go out to California because he kid be all marry , and he ... Thomas have not be listen to marty and cross quickly to Virginia . thomas wadda you so sore about ? virginia oh shaddup , will you do I a favor ? marty come up to they , hold the baby . marty so Thomas , he do about twelve , thirteen hundred gross . Rent 's a hundred and two . the problem , of course , be the supermarket . that 's what I wanna ask you . if I get together with a coupla other merchant , make we own supermarket ... Thomas have be try to listen to marty , but he thought be all with he own problem . he whirl on Virginia . thomas what about the time she want to make a old - fashioned italian dinner for my brother , but you would not let she !? virginia ( with she own temper ) waddaya talk about ?!! thomas once a month you could not let she use the kitchen ! virginia I tell she she could use the kitchen any time she want ... thomas ... you hadda be the boss inna kitchen alla time ! virginia she do not wanna use my pot and pan ! marty so Tommy ... virginia waddaya want I to do , go out and buy a whole new setta pot and pan ?! the baby in marty 's arm have start to cry a little . marty Tommy , gimme a coupla minute , because I promise Mr. gazzara I would let he know tomorrow . see , what I wanna know , Tom , if a buncha individual retail merchant get together , how do it operate ? on individual mark - up ? you know what I mean ? say I be the butcher and Aldo capelli , he 's the dairyman and grocer , so suppose I mark up thirty - five percent , but he work on forty , so ... thomas waddaya talk about , do you know what you be talk about ? marty no , I do not know . that 's why I be ask you . the baby start to cry again . Thomas turn to he wife . thomas take the baby , will you ?! Virginia hurry over and take the cry baby from marty 's arm , walk around comforting the child . Thomas turn back to marty . thomas wadda you wanna buy a shop for , will you tell I ? you gotta good job , you get no wife , you get no responsibility . Boy , I wish I be you , boy . waddaya wanna tie yourself down with a shop ? what 's he want ? five thousand down ? you be gonna have to carry a mortgage sixty , seventy buck a month . a mortgage anna note from the bank . for Pete 's sake , you be a single man with no responsibility . stay that way , boy . take my advice . marty well , you see , Thomas I figure the big problem be the supermarket . but patsy 's shop , that 's a specialize trade . the supermarket do not carry italian meat . thomas who busy italian meat anymore ? you think my wife busy italian meat ? ( throw a baleful glance at he wife ) she go to the a&amp ; p , pick up some lamb chop wrap in cellophane , open up a canna peas , and that 's dinner , boy . virginia sure , all you wanna eat be that greasy stuff you mother make . marty be a little take aback by Thomas 's frontal assault . marty well , I understand the problem about the supermarket , but I be talk to this girl last night , and she make the point that a likeable personality be a valuable business asset . thomas marty , see that my mother be nice and comfortable , eh ? marty sure . this girl say ... thomas what girl , what do she know ? ( he whirl on he wife again ) why do not you let she hold the baby once in a while ?! you mother , boy , she wantsa take the kid for a day , that 's fine ! virginia ( she temper flaring again ) you mother handle the kid like he be a yoyo ! marty stand , watch the young couple yakking at each other . the little baby start to cry again . kitchen . the two old sister sit at the kitchen table , two untouched cup of coffee in front of they . mrs . pilletti hey , I come home from you house last night , marty be here with a girl . catherine who ? mrs . pilletti marty . catherine you son marty ? mrs . pilletti well , what marty you think be gonna be here in this house with a girl ? catherine be the light on ? mrs . pilletti oh sure . ( frown at she sister ) this girl be a college graduate . catherine they be the worst . College girl be one step from the street . they smoke like man inna saloon . my son Joseph , he wife , you know , she type onna typewriter . one step from the street , I tell you . Mrs. pilletti ponder this philosophy for a moment . mrs . pilletti that 's the first time marty ever bring a girl to this house . she seem like a nice girl . I think he have a feel for this girl . you hear he sing . he be sing like that all morning . Catherine nod bleakly . catherine well , that 's all . you will see . today , tomorrow , inna week , he 's gonna say to you , " hey , ma , it 's no good be a single man . I be tired - a run around . " then he 's gonna say , " hey , ma , wadda we need this old house ? why do not we sell this old house , move into a nicer parta town ? a nice little apartment ? " mrs . pilletti I do not sell this house , I tell you that . this be my husband 's house . I have six child in this house . catherine you will see . a coupla month , you gonna be a old lady , sleep onna couch in she daughter - in - law 's house . mrs . pilletti Catherine , you be a blanket of gloom . wherever you be , the rain follow . someday , you gonna smile , and we gonna declare a holiday . marty come in from the live room , a little down after he session with Thomas and Virginia . marty hello , ma , waddaya say , it 's get a little late . mrs . pilletti sure . marty go to the sink to get himself a glass of water . he examine a piece of plaster that have fall from the ceiling . marty Boy , this place be really come to piece . ( turn to he mother ) you know , ma , I think we oughta sell this place . the whole joint 's go to piece . the plumbing be rusty . everything . I be gonna have to replaster the whole ceiling now . you know what we oughta do ? we oughta get one of that new apartment they be building down on Southern boulevard . a nicer parta town , you know ?... you all set , ma ? Mrs. pilletti exchange a brief frighten glance with she sister . mrs . pilletti I be all set . she send another frighten look at she sister and follow marty out into the live room . marty' porch . marty , he mother , Thomas and Virginia with the baby file down the porch to the street on they way to church . marty and he mother be both troubled . the anger have leave both Thomas and Virginia , but they be both silent . at the far end of the alleyway , as they reach the street , Virginia put she free arm through she husband 's elbow . Thomas look briefly at she and they exchange a look of commiseration . everyone turn and disappear off into the street . church . a high , wide angle shot of the church establish that stage of Sunday morning between the nine and ten o'clock mass . people flock around the door of the church . inside the church . the parishioner be make they way to the door . a few silent penitent still kneel here and there in the long empty row of pews . the large , almost empty church be fill now with organ music . both marty and he mother seem a little depressed as they stand at the doorway just inside the church , as the nine o'clock mass people flow out , and the first of the ten o'clock mass people file in . mrs . pilletti that be a nice girl last night , marty . ( marty nod ) she be not a very good - look girl , but she look like a nice girl . ( she pause , marty make no reply ) I say , she be not a very good - look girl ... not very pretty ... marty ( still amiable ) I hear you , ma. mrs . pilletti she look a little old for you . about thirty - five , forty year old ? marty she 's twenty - nine , ma. a nearby kneel penitent look disapprovingly at Mrs. pilletti and shush she . the mother nod briefly . mrs . pilletti she 's more than twenty - nine year old , marty . that 's what she tell you . marty what , ma ? mrs . pilletti she look thirty - five , forty . she do not look italian to I . marty frown but remain silent . mrs . pilletti I say , be she italian girl ? marty I do not know . I do not think so . it 's Mrs. pilletti 's turn to frown . a silence . she turn back to marty . mrs . pilletti she do not look italian to I . what kinda family she come from ? there be something about she I do not like . it seem funny , the first time you meet she , she come to you empty house alone . this college girl , they all one step fromma street . marty turn , on the verge of anger with he mother . marty what be you talk about ? she 's a nice girl . mrs . pilletti she do not look italian to I . a silence hang between they . mrs . pilletti I do not like she . marty you do not like she . you only meet she for two minute . mrs . pilletti do not bring she to the house no more . marty what do not you like about she ? mrs . pilletti I do not know ! she do not look like italian to I . plenny a nice italian girl around . marty well , let 's not get inna fight about it , ma. the kneel woman shush they again . by now the nine o'clock worshiper have file out , and marty join the flow of ten o'clock people move in . his mother turn back to he again . marty ( stop she before she get start ) what be you get so work up about ? I just meet the girl last night . I be probably not gonna see she again . they continue down the aisle of the church . bar . day . a hour later , the after-mass crowd be there . it 's a little more crowded than weekday . a woman with a glass of beer in one hand , rock a baby carriage with the other . marty enter the bar , move along , ad-lib " hello " to someone at the bar , get the attention of Lou , the bartender . marty hello , Lou , Angie come in yet ? bartender he be here last night till about two o'clock . I hear you really get stick with a dog last night . marty ( glance quickly at he ) who tell you that ? bartender Angie . he say she be a real scrawny - look thing . marty she be not so bad . he turn away from the bar annoyed , note Ralph , sit alone in one of the booth , read the Sunday comic . marty amble over to he . marty hello , Ralph . how would you make out with that nurse last night , Ralph ? ralph ( look up ) oh man , you shoulda come with we last night , marty . that one for you be a real lunatic . how would you make out ? the abruptness of the question rather startles marty . it be not a expression he would normally associate with a evening with Clara . marty oh , I hadda nice time ... I do not try nothing . she 's a nice girl . I just meet she last night , you know . I just talk with she . I do not even try nothing ... he feel very ill at ease and a little guilty for defend himself . marty listen , you see Angie , tell he I go home , I will meet he after lunch . he move back down the bar and go out into the street . dissolve to : marty' house , dine room . afternoon marty be seat at the dining room table . he have remove he jacket , tie and shirt , even he shoe , and be make himself comfortable over a late Sunday lunch . with he be Angie and Joe , the critic . loung in a chair but not at the table be Leo . joe ... so the whole book wind up , Mike Hammer , he 's inna room there with this doll . so he say , " you rat , you be the murderer . " so she begin to con he , you know ? she tell he how she love he . and then bam ! he shoot she in the stomach . so she 's lay there , gasp for breath , and she say , " how could you do that ? " and he say , " it be easy . " leo ( without look up from he magazine ) Boy , that mickey spillane , boy he can write . Angie reach over to marty 's plate and filch a piece of rissole , evidently annoying marty . marty we gotta whole pot inna kitchen . we give you a plate - a you own . angie oh , I could not eat nothing . my mother just stuff I right up to the jaw . this do not prevent he from filching a second piece of rissole . joe what I like about mickey spillane be he know how to handle woman . in one book , he pick up a tomato who get hit with a car , and she throw a pass at he . and then he meet two beautiful twin , and they throw pass at he . and then he meet some beautiful society leader , and she throw a pass at he , and ... leo Boy , that mickey spillane , he sure can write . angie listen , somebody turn onna ballgame . it must be after one o'clock by now . marty look down at he watch , then stand and start for the phone , sit on a chest of drawer at the other end of the room . angie who you gonna call ? marty I be gonna call that girl from last night . take she to a movie tonight . angie be you kid ? marty listen , Angie , I wanna tell you , you be very impolite last night . I introduce you to the girl , you just turn and walk off . now , why do you do that ? angie you get I mad , that 's why . hey , Joe , show marty that picture . Joe , have finish he dissertation on mickey spillane , be now study another girlie magazine . he proffer a open page to marty , who stand over by the phone . marty put that away , for Pete 's sake . my mother 's right out onna porch . joe I wonder where they find that girl that pose for they picture . leo that be Hollywood starlet . marty put it away , Joe . my mother will come walk in . Joe close the magazine . angie marty , let 's go downna seventy - second Street area tonight . marty I do not feel like go , Angie . I think I would take this girl to a movie . angie Boy , you really musta make out good last night . marty we just talk . angie Boy , she musta be some talker . she musta be about fifty year old . joe I always figure a guy oughta marry a girl who 's twenny year young than he be so that when he 's forty , he wife be a real nice - look doll . leo that mean he would have to marry the girl when she be one year old . joe I never thoughta that . marty I do not think she be so bad-look . angie she musta keep you inna shadow all night . ralph marty , you do not wanna hang around with dog . it give you a bad reputation . angie let 's go downa seventy - second Street . marty I tell this dog I be gonna call she today about two -thirty . angie ( angry ) brush she . listen , you wanna come with I tonight , or you wanna go with this dog ? marty waddaya get so sore about ? angie I look all over for you last night , you know that ? he turn away sulk . marty do not pick up the phone but return to he seat , upset . joe another book that I read by mickey spillane , I can not remember the name of it , but it be about this red - head tramp he find inna street , and he give she some dough , because he 's sorry for she ... wait a minute , I think that 's the same book I be tell you about before ... marty ( to Angie ) you do not like she at all ? angie a nothing . a real nothing . marty lower he head . over this , Joe 's voice drone on . joe' voice ( off-screen ) you know something ...? camera angle hold on marty look down , as Joe 's voice continue . joe' voice ( off-screen ) ... I can not tell one - a that mickey spillane book from the other , but he 's a real good writer , though ... slow dissolve to : snyder apartment . night close on television screen . Ed Sullivan be on , indicate the time be a little after half past seven . camera pull back , disclose Clara , Mr. and Mrs. Snyder in they live room . apparently the Sullivan show be very funny at the moment , for the television audience roar with laughter . camera move in close on Clara . another roar of laughter from the television that Clara watch , although she eye be flood with tear , several of which have already trace wet path down she cheek . another roar of laughter . dissolve to : pilletti home , dine room . night . marty , Mrs. pilletti and Catherine be eat silently at the table . Catherine read a italian newspaper as she eat . mrs . pilletti so what be you gonna do tonight , marty ? marty I do not know , ma. I be all knock out . I think I will just hang arounna house and watch ... suddenly he pause , sharply aware of the repetition in he life . Mrs. pilletti be also aware of it . marty maybe , I will go out and see what Angie and the boy be do ... they eat silently a moment . 187th STREET . bar . night . close - up of marty lean against the wall in front of the bar . a group of young man lounge about , kill time . Angie , Leo and Joe be among they . there be perhaps four or five other young men , loosely divide into two group . the group that concern we have marty and the other mention and GEORGE , a young man in a sport jacket . leo what time be it ? joe about eight o'clock . angie ( to George ) you do not feel like go downna seventy - second Street ? GEORGE it will take a hour anna hour back , and the whole evening 's go . joe what 's play on fordham Road ? I think there 's a good picture in the loew 's paradise . GEORGE you guy feel like work up a game - a card ? angie come on , let 's go down seventy - second Street , walk around . we be sure to wind up with something . close - up of marty , he head down , he eye close . the group continue they dialogue back and forth . they voice can be hear as marty 's head slowly come up . joe' voice ( off-screen ) I will never forgive LaGuardia for cut out burlesque outta New York City ... george' voice ( off-screen ) there 's a burlesque in Union City . let 's go over to Union City ... angie' voice ( off-screen ) yeah , you be the one who do not even wanna take a ride onna subway for half a hour . now , you wanna go alla way over to Union City ... george' voice ( off-screen ) I feel like play card . I see richie rizzo , that 's what he say he feel like do ... joe' voice ( off-screen ) I do not feel like play card . waddaya feel like do tonight , Angie ? angie' voice ( off-screen ) I do not know . wadda you feel like do ? joe' voice ( off-screen ) I do not know , Angie . wadda you feel like do ? a fury rise in marty 's face . he cry out at they . marty " what be you do tonight ? " ... " I do not know , what be you do ?! " ... camera angle over to the other who , at this outburst , stare at marty astound . marty ( continue ) the burlesque ! loew 's paradise ! miserable and lonely ! miserable and lonely and stupid ! what be I , crazy or something ?! I get something good here ! what be I hang around with you guy for ?! he have say this in tone so loud that it attract the attention of the few people on the street . a little embarrassed by the attention he 's get , he turn , open the door to the bar , and go into it . after a stunne moment , Angie hurry after he . inside the bar . marty march the length of the room toward the phone booth in the rear . camera angle to disclose Angie right behind he . marty be about to enter one of the phone booth , but he stop as Angie hurry up to he . angie watsa matter with you ? marty pause , one foot in the booth . marty you do not like she . my mother do not like she . she 's a dog , and I be a fat , ugly little man . all I know be I hadda good time last night . I be gonna have a good time tonight . if we have enough good time together , I be gonna go down on my knee and beg that girl to marry I . if we make a party again this New Year 's , I gotta date for the party . you do not like she , that 's too bad . marty have be fishing in he pocket for he address book . he open it to its proper page and step decisively into the phone booth . nearby , Angie prowl around outside the booth . the booth door be open . marty start to dial . a hush fill the room except for the clicking of the telephone dial . inside the phone booth . the look of fury have drain from marty 's face . he hold the receiver to he ear , glance out toward Angie . camera angle to include Angie . marty ( he old amiable self ) when you gonna get marry , Angie ? be not you ashamed of yourself ? you be thirty - three year old . all you kid brother be marry . you oughta be ashamed of yourself . still smile at he very private joke , marty return to the phone , and after a fraction of a second ... marty hello ... Clara ?... as Angie look miserable , and marty slowly reach out and push the phone booth door shut , and continue to talk into the phone , we very slowly ... fade out . the end