martha marcy may marlene written by Sean durkin ext . farm - day it be a hot summer day . a large run down farm house , several shed , a red roof barn and a decrepid silo sit between field of dry , uncut grass , in a serene isolate valley . two men tack together a break fence that enclose a overgrown paddock . three women work in a vegetable garden . two women hang wet clothes on a clothes line . two men work in a cluttere garage on a old car . four women sit in a circle on a break down , buckle front porch . one woman breast feed a new bear . the other knit a large blanket . two women and two men swim naked in a swim hole . a man in he forty sit alone in a room read . a man chop wood . a bare foot toddler play alone in the driveway . int . farm house - day a large room with unfinish wood wall have several blanket and pillow laid out like bed on the floor . two women be in the kitchen prepare food . martha , set a table for eight . martha be beautiful but appear run down . she be 24 year old but she weathered face make she look older . a bell ring off screen . int . farm house dine room - evening the man sit around a table eat dinner . one man sit at the head of the table , this be patrick . Patrick be older than the other man . to he right be watt , a man in he early twenty with a greasy patchy beard . 2 . int . farm house kitchen - continuous the woman be scattered around the kitchen wait . the man finish dinner , pass through the kitchen and walk outside . the woman file into the dining room , clear the men' dish , put more chair around the table , and bring out a new serve of food . int . farm house dine room - moment later the woman sit around the table eat very small portion of low protein food . Katie sit at the head of the table . CUT to : int . farm house - early morning the kitchen be fill with dish . two baby sleep next to each other in a old break crib . a teenage girl sleep on the floor next to the crib . people be strewn all over the house sleep . suddenly , a figure pass quickly through frame . ext . farm house - continuous martha walk out the front door , across the porch , and up the driveway . she carry a small bag . her pace become increasingly faster . she look back to see a teenage girl , sarah , stand in the window watch . martha turn and walk faster , head straight for the wood . as she get to the edge of the tree she begin to run . slow zoom : martha disappear into the thick wood . off screen , the house door slam shut . a man urgently yell out : " marcy may " the camera hold on the tree shaking gently in the wind . for a moment everything be quiet . 3. suddenly , a man and two women enter frame and run into the wood , chase after martha . ext . wood - continuous the wood be dark . martha run as fast as she can . she hear the man 's voice call she from a distance . a man and two woman be chase she . martha arrive at a steep heavily wood hill . she keep run at full speed , then slip , fall , and roll . martha duck behind a fall tree and look back to see the group arrive at the ridge to survey the wood and begin they descent . martha hold still , listen as the people chase she pass by . ext . diner parking lot - day martha use a pay phone at a diner . she dial and wait . she be strike by the voice that answer , she transform from be a zombie to be flood with emotion . lucy hello . hello ? martha hi! lucy martha ? martha yeah . lucy oh my god ! where be you ? martha I be not sure . upstate I think . lucy you be in New York ? martha I think . yeah . lucy when do you get back ? 4. martha do not know what to say , she burst into tear . lucy ( cont 'd ) martha ? what 's wrong ? what 's happen ? martha I do not know . I should go back . lucy go back where ? martha I have to go , I can not stay go . lucy no , no , no . do not go . what be you talk about ? martha sorry for call . lucy martha ! do not hang up . please ! do not hang up . ( beat ) do you want I to come get you ? martha I can not wait that long . lucy what do you mean ? tell I where you be and I will come right now . martha it 's okay , you do not have to - lucy I want to see you martha . please . martha think for a moment . lucy ( cont 'd ) martha ! int . diner - day martha sit alone in a booth hunch over a grill cheese sandwich and french fries . she devour the food like she have not eat in day . 5 . the entrance bell ring . martha turn around and cautiously peer over the booth . a family walk in . they be seat . martha return to eat . man' voice ( o.s . ) marcy May ? it be watt . his voice paralyze she . watt what be you doin ' ? martha stop eat . he slide into the booth and sit across from she . watt reach over and take some french fries . he eat they slowly , enjoy every bite . she can not look at he . watt ( cont 'd ) we be worried about you . martha I be fine . watt Patrick 's worried about you . martha I just want to come into town . watt I could have bring you . martha I want to walk . watt through the wood ? waitress ( to watt ) can I get you something ? watt no . waitress ( to martha ) you do ? martha yeah . 6 . the waitress go to take martha 's plate . watt put he hand out to stop she . watt ( to martha ) you not gonna eat that ? watt take the half grill cheese sandwich and stuff it into he mouth . the waitress clear the plate . watt take martha 's napkin and wipe the grease from he hand and mouth while he chew . watt ( cont 'd ) you ready to go ? martha do not respond . watt ( cont 'd ) come on ! martha not right now . watt no ? the waitress drop the check on the table . watt stare at martha for another moment before reach into he pocket to pull out a mess of small papers . he sort through they and separate a $ 20 bill . he stuff the rest of the papers back into he pocket . he grab she hand , place the money in she palm and grip it close . watt ( cont 'd ) I will get this . he let go . her hand go limp and the money fall on the table . she do not look at he . he lean in and force eye contact with she . watt , grow increasingly tense , stand up and glance around the diner . it be very busy . he do not want to make a scene in front of all this people . he lean down and kiss martha on the cheek . she do not kiss back . he hold he forehead to she forehead until she react . she reluctantly kiss he on the lip . martha watch he walk outside . as soon as he back be turn , she get up , run through the diner , and suddenly cut through the kitchen . 7. ext . bus stop - later martha sit on the ground hide between two bench at a empty bus stop . she do not look well . she turn and vomit behind the bench . ext . bus stop - later martha hide between two park bus . she watch a black BMW pull into the parking lot . lucy , a well dress woman in she early 30' , get out of the car . martha walk towards Lucy . Lucy rush over and hug martha . int . lucy car - day martha , wrap in Lucy 's sweater , lean she head against the window watch the road behind she in the side view mirror . lucy it 's nice to see you . martha you too . Lucy notice that martha 's leave ear be bruise . lucy what 's go on ? martha not much . lucy you alright ? martha yeah . lucy you sure ? martha yeah . lucy you be pretty upset on the phone . martha sorry . I over react . 8. lucy to what ? martha think . lucy ( cont 'd ) what happen ? martha we have a fight . lucy who ? martha I and this guy . lucy who ? martha do not answer . lucy ( cont 'd ) you boyfriend ? martha nod . lucy ( cont 'd ) do he hurt you ? martha no ! lucy be you sure ? martha no. I be fine . Lucy be skeptical . lucy do you guy break up ? martha nod . lucy ( cont 'd ) how long be you together ? martha a while . 9 . lucy how long ? martha I do not know . maybe a year , maybe more or less . lucy and you be here the whole time ? martha nod . lucy ( cont 'd ) you have be back in New York for over a year and you have not call I ? martha I be sorry . Lucy be upset but manage to remain calm . lucy well , I be glad you be here now . int . lake house / martha' bedroom - evening Lucy make the bed . martha enter the room wrap in a towel . her hair drip on the floor . lucy I make you some tea . martha thanks . Lucy take a small hand towel and dry martha 's hair . lucy Ted should be up from the city soon . he will cook we some dinner . martha I be pretty tired , be it okay if I just go to bed ? lucy of course . ( beat ) get some sleep , you will be as good as new tomorrow . 10 . Lucy leave . martha get under the sheet wrap in she wet towel . int . lake house kitchen - night Lucy sit at the kitchen table with a glass of red wine . the front door open . she put on a smile as ted enter . he speak with a british accent . he set down he bag and give she a hug and a kiss . ted well ? lucy she seem okay . ted what do she say ? lucy not much , she 's pretty tired . ted where 's she be ? lucy she have some boyfriend , they be live in the catskill . ted what ? lucy it 's okay . ted not really Lucy . lucy it 's fine . she 's here now . Ted keep he comment to himself . ted ( half joking ) well , how long 's she stay ? lucy ( laughing ) I do not know . 11 . ted I tell you she be fine . you spend all that time worry . Ted kiss she on the forehead and walk to the liquor cabinet and pour a scotch . CUT to : int . lake house kitchen - night the house be completely dark . martha find she way through the hallway and into the kitchen . she drink water from the faucet with a insatiable thirst . the kitchen have large window , through which a bright spot light , light the porch but pitch black darkness be beyond that . martha be scared to look outside . she force herself to slowly turn and look . she put she head down and quickly return to she room . int . lake house / martha' bedroom - morning martha be wrap in a wet towel sleep on the floor . lucy martha ? why be you on the floor ? martha do not know where she be . a moment pass before she start to come to . martha I be sorry . lucy it 's okay , you be in a deep sleep . come have some breakfast . int . lake house kitchen - day Lucy and Ted eat at the kitchen table . martha enter . ted martha ! welcome ! martha hi. 12 . ted great to finally meet you . you sleep alright ? martha yeah . lucy how do you like the house ? ted it 's just a rental . lucy well I love it . Lucy put some egg on a plate for martha . martha it 's nice . I do not know there be a lake . lucy yeah . do you still like to swim ? martha you do not live in the city anymore ? lucy we do . this be for weekend and holiday . Ted and Lucy eat , martha take miniscule bite . lucy ( cont 'd ) Ted 's finish a new building down town and when it 's do we be take one of the new apartment . you want to see picture ? Lucy get up from the table and walk to another room . martha sniff she food . Ted do not notice . ted ( to martha ) do you think she 's excited to have you back ? Lucy re-enter with she digital camera . lucy this be the view , the interior be obviously not finish . it 's nice right ? ( more ) 13 . lucy ( cont 'd ) we be suppose to move in the spring but construction halt , so , it will just be a little while longer . ted ( sarcastic ) yep , just a little while longer . lucy okay , sorry , no more work talk . Lucy notice that martha be not eat . lucy ( cont 'd ) be not you hungry ? martha not really , sorry . ted well , you have get to eat . lucy it 's okay , I can fix you something later . martha , feel on the spot , force down a big bite . ext . lake house dock - day martha sit cross legge on a sun bed look out to the lake . Ted nap while Lucy sun bathes read the mother of all baby book . martha where be we ? lucy Connecticut . martha how far be we ? lucy from what ? martha yesterday . Lucy be confuse . she try to make sense of the question . lucy you mean where I pick you up ? 14 . martha nod . lucy ( cont 'd ) about 3 hour . ( beat ) why ? martha just wonder . Lucy go back to read . martha lie down and stare at the sky . a light bang sound start to echo over the lake . ext . farm field - day the SOUND be the same as the lake : a light breeze in the tree and the water gently hit the dock . Patrick and two man build a fence . CUT to : martha lie in the open field smoking cigarettes with zoe , a girl in she early twenty . martha be young , more energetic and confident . they be laugh and talk when Zoe notice Patrick walk towards they . zoe put out you cigarette . martha ( smiling ) why ? zoe just do it . they put out they cigarettes . Zoe bury they in the grass . Patrick approach they . martha be that he ? zoe yeah . ( calling out ) hey ! 15 . patrick be this martha ? martha hi! patrick how're you do ? Patrick crouch down over Zoe but smile at martha . martha great . you have get a really nice place here . patrick it 's as much yours as it be mine . he glance at she leg , then back up to she face . he turn he attention to Zoe . patrick ( cont 'd ) I think you quit ? zoe I do . patrick it 's disgusting . zoe I know . I be sorry . patrick do not apologize to I , it 's you body . Patrick gesture towards martha . patrick ( cont 'd ) look after this girl properly Zoe , she deserve some real care for once in she life . zoe I will . martha she 's be great , everyone 's be great . patrick good . ( beat ) you look like a marcy May . 16 . martha marcy be my grandmother name . patrick well , there you go . he continue to walk through the field . Zoe and martha recline into the grass and continue talk . ted ( o.s. ) I be go for a dip . anyone want to join ? martha sure . martha stand up and brushes herself off . martha ( cont 'd ) you come ? ext . lake house dock - continuous martha turn to Zoe but Lucy be there instead , lie on the sun bed , lose in she book . Lucy do not answer . Ted run down the dock and dive into the water . martha follow . Ted look back to see martha stand at the end of the dock , take off she clothes and dive in naked . martha swim , lose in she own world . Lucy notice martha , grab a towel , and walk down to the end of the dock . Ted swim back and get out . ted ( smirking ) brilliant choice of swim wear . Lucy be not amused . Ted walk away laugh . he turn to sneak one more glimpse of martha . lucy martha ! what be you do ? martha what ? lucy would you put some clothes on , you can not swim naked . 17 . martha why ? lucy you just can not . there be kid around and people come by . martha so ? lucy so you can not . we do not , just do not . I have a bathing suit you can borrow . martha get out of the water . Lucy wrap the towel around she and walk away . martha dry off . she feel embarrassed . int . lake house / martha' bedroom - afternoon martha sleep . Lucy notice the bruise on martha 's ear . lucy martha ! ( beat ) I have be try to wake you . you should get up or you will not sleep through the night . martha wake up . lucy ( cont 'd ) you should eat . martha I will . I be just go to sleep a little more first okay ? lucy okay . I be sorry I get frustrated with you before . martha it 's okay . Lucy leave . martha open the window and dump the pasta outside then go back to sleep . 18. int . lake house dine room - continuous ted she 's not come ? lucy she 's in a really deep sleep . I can not wake she . ted she seem a bit off , no ? lucy she 's just really tired . ( beat ) she 's have a bad breakup . I want to give she a couple day to get situate , you know ? ted have she always be like this ? lucy a pain in my ass , yes . they laugh . int . martha' bedroom / lake house - night martha sit up in bed wide awake . she turn and stare out she window into the dark tree that surround the lake house . CUT to : ext . farm house front porch - night a old brown car pull out of the driveway . martha sweep the front porch . she notice the car pull away . max , a young man in he early twenty , come outside and sit down next to she . Max be warm , nice , and care free . he 's not very bright but he be a good time to be around . max hey marcy . 19 . martha hey Max . ( beat ) where do they go at night ? max I do not know , I never get invite . he jump over the banister and reach under the porch . max ( cont 'd ) you want to have a drink with I ? he pull out a little flask and shake it . a mischievous smile grow on he face . max ( cont 'd ) they will not be back for a few hour . martha I should not . I be not go to drink for awhile , I think it 's a good idea for I . max alright . martha Patrick will know . max it 's cool , I be good at hide it . int . farm house bedroom - morning people be scattered around a large room sleep . watt enter and bang two pot together to wake everyone . int . farm house / dressing room - morning martha other girl get dress in the communal closet . int . farm house dine area - morning martha do dish , Katie clear the table . katie we switch off job each day so we all know how to do different thing . ( beat ) do you knit ? 20 . martha no . I can learn though . katie it 's okay , you will find you role . it take time for people to find they role in a new family . Katie pour the cleaner on the floor , it sloshes around . katie ( cont 'd ) we sell blanket in town . we still need some money , but when the farm 's up and run we will be self sufficient and we will never have to worry about it again . martha when do you think that will happen ? katie hopefully by the end of the summer but we will see . it 's hard to get machinery and live stock without cash . martha that will be nice . Katie accidentally drop a plate . katie shoot . martha get down and start to clean it up . ext . farm - day martha , watt , Max , Zoe and a few other sit around and listen to two man play guitar . everyone be talk and laugh and have a nice time . Patrick approach . he observe everyone for a moment , he seem agitate . he speak above everyone and above the music . patrick how 's everything go so far marcy May ? martha good . the guy stop play music . 21 . patrick you like it here ? martha yeah , it 's really nice . patrick I want you to feel at home . martha I do . thanks . patrick people have abandon you you whole life . I do not blame you for not trust anyone . martha what ? patrick if you ever want to have a meaningful relationship , you need to let you guard down . martha be embarrassed and feel on the spot . patrick ( cont 'd ) it 's not you fault , but it 's there . if you feel safe here , and I think you do , let we in . we just want to help you . zoe yeah , we think you be fuck awesome . patrick if you be go to live here then really be apart of thing . int . lake house kitchen - morning Lucy be put away grocery . martha enter . lucy good morning . how be you feel today ? martha good . lucy there 's this great juice shop in town , I get we a couple of juice . ( more ) 22. lucy ( cont 'd ) this one be kale with ginse . it give I energy , so I think it might help you . martha take a sip . it taste terrible but she drink it . lucy ( cont 'd ) I get pineapple orange too if that 's better . martha maybe that 's better . sorry , thanks . lucy I also get a box of this protein bar just in case you want to snack . martha watch Lucy put the grocery away . martha why be the house so big ? lucy it 's not that big . martha for two people , it 's huge . lucy we like to entertain . we friend come up for weekend and sometimes we have party . it 's just good to have space . martha so no one else life here ? lucy of course no one else life here . ext . lake / boat - day it be hot , sunny , and peaceful . martha sit cross legge . Ted read the newspaper . Lucy sunbathes . martha notice they wear wedding ring . martha ( surprised ) you be marry ? lucy yeah . 23. martha when ? lucy earlier this year , in the spring . there be a awkward silence . lucy ( cont 'd ) I try to get in touch with you , apparently you get rid of you cell phone ? martha I lose it . lucy you never get a new one ? martha I get use to not have it . ted cocktail anyone ? lucy no thanks . ted martha ? martha shake she head . Ted walk to the back of the boat . martha have to stand up to let he pass through the narrow walk way . he brushes up against she as he squeeze by . martha be it a big wedding ? lucy no , about forty people . mostly he family . martha ( smirking ) do aunt dora come ? lucy yeah . martha do she smoke like chimney and complain about everything . 24 . Ted laugh . lucy she 's not that bad . martha you never have to live with she . ted you live with dora ? martha she live with I after mom die . ted ( to lucy ) where be you ? lucy College . Lucy pick up she Polaroid camera and frame up martha . lucy ( cont 'd ) well I be sure she would love to know you be okay . martha ( smiling ) she hate I . lucy she do not hate you . ( beat ) look at I . martha I hate she . martha notice the camera and quickly turn away . lucy relax , I do not have any picture of you . ( lucy focus ) Jesus you be gorgeous . it 's annoying . martha crack a smile . Lucy snap the shot . lucy ( cont 'd ) there you go ! Lucy hand martha the Polaroid , she shake it . 25 . lucy ( cont 'd ) do not shake it , that 's a myth . martha look deep in think , she continue to shake the Polaroid . martha be it true marry people do not fuck ? lucy what ? no ! Ted walk back to the front of the boat and look at martha 's ass as he pass . martha be embarrassed . she stare at the Polaroid . int . lake house / ted and lucy bedroom - day martha sit on the bed watch Lucy go through she closet look at old clothes . Lucy hold up a summer dress . lucy put this on . martha you be kid . lucy you clothes be disgusting martha , just try it . martha why do it matter ? lucy it just feel good to put on something nice and comfortable . martha slip on the dress and a funny pose . lucy ( cont 'd ) it look good you little shit . martha whatever make you happy mama bear . lucy you be make fun of I and I think it look really good . they both laugh . 26 . ext . lake house back porch - evening martha wear Lucy 's dress . Ted , Lucy and martha sit around the table eat dinner . Ted pick at the food . lucy it 's no good ? ted it 's good , it 's just , a bit dry . lucy it 's not dry . martha laugh . Ted start laugh . Lucy try it again . lucy ( cont 'd ) it just need a little salt . what be you laugh about I cook for you you whole life . martha you microwave chicken nugget and fish stick . Ted and martha continue to laugh . Lucy get up from the table . she come back with salt and dump it on the food . int . lake house / ted and lucy bedroom - night Ted and Lucy get ready for bed . ted she seem better today . lucy yeah . I wish I do not have to go tomorrow . ted let I take you . lucy no , I do not want to leave she alone . ( beat ) you will be nice to she right ? ted I be always nice . 27 . lucy right . they laugh and kiss . int . martha' bedroom - night martha lie awake in bed stare at the ceiling . she be lose deep in think . CUT to : int . farm / dark room - night martha slowly wake up . she be lying on her stomach on cold cement . there be hundred of candle on the floor . she be disoriented and feel someone on top of her . she turn back to look but it's hard to move . she catch a glimpse of patrick , leaning over her dripping sweat . patrick be aggressively having sex with her from behind . int . farm house / SMALL dark room - night martha seem like she have be drugge , she have a white robe drape around she . Katie console she and make she drink water . katie I know you feel like something bad just happen marcy May , but you have to trust I , that be not bad , it be truly good . we have all be in this situation , and we would not all still be here if what happen in that room be bad . we all love each other very much , we be all together on this , you have to trust we . ( beat ) do you believe I ? martha nod . int . farm house / bedroom - later Zoe and martha share a single mattress on the floor in a small dark room . martha be still wrap in the robe , she be still daze . 28 . zoe you be so lucky , I would give anything to have my first time again . martha really ? zoe yeah , it 's so special . martha I can not remember anything , I just wake up on the floor and feel this pain - zoe that 's the cleanse . it 's good . it mean it 's work if you can not remember thing . you be cleanse yourself of the past and the toxin . martha be distant . zoe ( cont 'd ) you need to share yourself , do not be so selfish . martha I be not . zoe so smile then , enjoy this amazing night . it only happen once . Zoe rest she forehead against martha 's forehead . they curl up together in a very intimate way . martha smile . Zoe kiss she on the lip . martha be catch off guard . she laugh . they have a second peck on the lip before close they eye to sleep . ext . farm - day the group sit around listen to Max finish play a song . everyone clap for he . Patrick , who sit in the back , stand up and walk up to the stage . everyone get excited . he tune he guitar . patrick this one 's call marcy 's song . 29 . martha sit in the back listen . everyone turn around to look at she . she watch on as Patrick begin to play . the song be a beautiful , intense and haunt folk song . the whole group be entrance . martha be mesmerize by he . patrick ( cont 'd ) well she , she 's just a picture . who life on my wall well she , she 's just a picture and the reason , reason , reason it be so small . with a smile so invite and a body so tall , she , she 's just a picture just a picture that's all well you stand there , stand there with the nightshade , her drip rip down you hand and you ask I , ask I about the lightning and the lady , lady , lady she understand it 's a dream for the future and the water for the sand and the strangeness be wander through many callin ' land int . lake house kitchen - day Ted walk into the kitchen . martha be on she hand and knee scrubbing the kitchen floor . Ted get a six pack out of the fridge . he crack a beer and drink it . ted what be you do ? martha Cleaning . ( beat ) I think I would help out more . ted alright . I be go to take the boat out , do you want to come ? 30 . martha be Lucy come ? ted she have to run to the city . martha oh. ted I will teach you how to drive the boat , come on . martha it 's okay . ted come on . ext . boat - day Ted drive the boat with a beer in he hand . he move over and motion for martha to take the wheel . Ted slowly let go and move over so she can take the helm . they brush up against each other . martha be drive the boat . she bounce up and down like a excited little girl . ext . boat - later martha and Ted sit on the back of the boat . Ted get a beer out of the cooler . ted you want one ? Ted hand she a beer . she stare at the beer and hesitates before take a giant chug . ted ( cont 'd ) beautiful day . martha yeah . ted how have thing be with you and Lucy ? martha Fine . 31 . ted be it strange to spend time together ? martha no . why ? ted it 's be a long time . martha I do not know , it 's normal I guess . she have not change much . martha take a swig of she beer . martha ( cont 'd ) where be she ? ted at the doctor . martha why ? ted she 's get a check up . ( beat ) we be try to have a baby . martha laugh to herself . the beer be affect she . ted ( cont 'd ) what ? martha I can not imagine it Lucy hold a child . ted why ? martha she would not know what to do with it . ( beat ) do you want a baby ? he get up and open two more beer . ted I want what Lucy want . ( smiling ) if she 's happy , I be happy . he hand one to martha and sit down again . 32 . martha ( smiling ) so you be unhappy ! Ted laugh . ted no . she 's good . she 's relieved to have you back . you have she worried . martha why ? ted you disappear . you have not call in two year ! martha I lose track I guess . ted it 's good to let people know where you be martha . people worry . martha I do not think Lucy would worry about I . ted well , she do . there be another awkward silence . they both drink they beer . martha can I go swim ? ted you do not need to ask . martha take off she clothes . she be wear a bikini that Lucy give she . it do not quite fit . the bathing suit sag and top of she ass show . Ted try not to look . the camera follows her as she dive under water . ext . farm swimming hole - day martha bring she head above water and she be with a group of people from the farm swim in a swim hole . 33. martha watch as watt jump off the cliff into the water . everyone cheer he on . Patrick swim up behind martha . patrick you jump yet ? martha no . patrick go on . watt swim by and guide she out of the water . watt and martha ascend up a narrow dirt path to the top of a rock face . watt you ready ? martha I can not . watt sure you can . watt jump . martha stand alone at the top of the cliff naked . everyone be look up at she cheer she on . she build up the courage and jump . she hit the water , everything go dark . the frame fill with tiny bubbles , she come up for air exhilated . she continue to swim , the camera follow she under water . the darkness of the water make the screen go black . int . farm house - night the hallway be dark , the space be unclear . martha walk down a hallway and we learn it 's the farm house . she walk into Patrick 's room . she get 's into bed with he and curl up in he arm and fall asleep . she look safe and happy . he welcome she , the room look warm and comforting . CUT to : 34 . int . lake house / martha' bedroom - night martha sleep . thump . something hit the roof . martha wake up . thump , roll . martha sit up and listen . she wait in anticipation . thump . int . lucy and ted' bedroom - continuous martha walk down the dark hallway and slowly open the door to Ted and Lucy 's room . Ted and Lucy be have sex . martha watch for a moment , then creep into the room and quietly curl up on the edge of the bed . Lucy do not see martha . Ted do not say anything , he continue to have sex with Lucy . his motion become harder , Lucy open she eye and Ted jump up . lucy ( startled ) what ? what ? Ted gesture to martha . lucy ( cont 'd ) martha , what be you do ? martha nothing ! Ted turn on the light . he sit on the edge of the bed . lucy Jesus , you can not just come in like that . martha sorry . martha get up to leave . lucy God damn it , what 's wrong ? martha stop and stand face the door . martha it 's be hard to sleep alone . ted all you do be sleep . 35 . martha go to leave again . lucy ( to martha ) stay , just stay . martha come back and sit on the bed . lucy ( cont 'd ) ( upset ) why would you think it be okay to come in like that ? martha I do not know . it 's a big bed , you guy be on the other side . lucy you can not come into we room when we be have sex , that 's not normal ! it 's private . martha sorry . lucy do not apologize , I just want you to understand why it 's not okay . martha okay . lucy do you ? martha yeah . lucy well ? martha because it 's privte and it 's not normal . Lucy can see something be really wrong . lucy just lie down martha . martha lie in Lucy 's lap . Lucy be uncomfortable with the contact , she push martha 's head onto a pillow . 36 . ted this be just brilliant . Ted stand up and put on he sweatpant and walk out . martha close she eye . CUT to : int . farm house / patrick room - early morning martha wake up in Patrick 's room , he be gently have sex with she . she do not enjoy it but she do not stop he . int . lake house live room - morning Ted be half asleep on the couch . Lucy sit to wake he . martha be lie in they bed listen to they through the crack doorway . lucy I be sorry you sleep out here . thanks for be patient . ted I do not have much choice do I ? lucy I just want to make sure she 's okay . ted I get two week a year to come out here and try to relax before I have to go back to work ! lucy I know . ted I be under so much pressure right now - lucy I know you be . ted I have a month to get this building up and run or the bank take it . lucy that have nothing to do with martha . 37 . ted my point be , I do not need the extra stress . lucy I be she only family . she need to be able to depend on I right now . ( beat ) it 's complicated Ted . ted as complicated as it might be , we can not just keep ignore the fact that she behavior be fuck insane . martha pretend to go back to sleep . ext . lake house garden - day Lucy work in the garden . martha walk over to help . martha do you ever hear thing hit the roof at night ? lucy no . maybe it 's the pine cone . ( beat ) where do you pick up gardening ? martha we have a garden where I live ? lucy you be good . martha I be good at some thing . lucy I know you be . they continue to work . Lucy build up the courage . lucy ( cont 'd ) be he ever physical with you ? martha who ? lucy you boyfriend . 38 . martha what do you mean ? lucy do he ever , hit you ? martha no . lucy you have a bruise ear , and when you call I you be hysterical . martha feel she ear . lucy ( cont 'd ) be you sure ? martha yes . lucy you can tell I . martha he never hit I . beat . lucy I wish you feel more comfortable talk to I . martha I do . lucy so talk . martha there 's nothing to talk about . I have a boyfriend , he lie to I , I leave . that 's it , everything do not have to be a big deal ext . farm garden - day martha , Zoe and Katie work in the garden . several man , be lift heavy rock to make a stone wall . Max be in the hay loft . Zoe be tuck around the corner smoking a cigarette . Patrick catch she . 39 . he swat it out of she hand and scold she . after a moment he put he forehead to she forehead and caress she head . katie ( to martha ) do not stare ! Zoe walk back to the garden . martha you okay ? zoe yeah . he 's right . I do not know why I be so weak . martha you be not . you will quit . a old brown car pull into the driveway . a young girl , no more than fifteen year old get out . martha ( cont 'd ) who 's that ? katie her name 's Sarah I think . two women welcome sarah and walk she into the house . katie ( cont 'd ) ( to martha ) you should handle she . martha you think ? katie you be ready . Zoe can help but you will be great . int . lucy car - day martha sit in the passenger seat , Lucy drive . martha notice a brown car be park at the top of the driveway on the side of the road . martha be troubled by the park car 's presence . martha whose car be that ? 40 . lucy I do not know . why ? martha just curious . lucy there 's a hike trail , people leave they car there all the time . int . grocery store - day Lucy look through produce . martha take the cart and run down the isle with it . she pick she foot off the ground so she be riding on the cart . Lucy be amused . martha turn around and go faster , fly all the way down the isle . a good look young man walk into the isle . martha almost hit he with the cart but she slam she foot on the floor and just miss he . Lucy run up and take the shopping cart back . martha do not say anything , she just stare at he . lucy sorry . young man it 's okay . the young man walk down the isle . martha watch he go . lucy you be go to hurt someone . martha be distract . lucy ( cont 'd ) can you go get I a large jug of water . martha what 's wrong with the tap ? lucy I like bottled . martha it 's a waste . lucy will you get it or not ? 41 . int . grocery store / refrigerator section - continuous martha walk through the refrigerate section look for water . she notice the Young man walk behind she . she stop to get water . he stop to buy beer . he look at she . she grab the water and walk away . int . lucy car - day martha and Lucy get into the car in the grocery store parking lot . martha watch the rear view mirror . martha do you know that guy ? lucy what guy ? martha the guy in the store . lucy the one you almost run into ? no . martha he be look at I like he know I . ( beat ) do you say something to he ? lucy like what ? martha I do not know , you tell I . lucy what be you talk about ? martha ( frustrate ) he be stare at I like he know I , do you talk to he about I ? lucy ( emphatically ) no. Jesus . the guy be check you out martha ! relax . ( Lucy start the car . ) ( more ) 42 . lucy ( cont 'd ) if you do not want guy to drool all over you , then wear more clothes - martha just drive the car Lucy . lucy what ? martha drive the car ! int . lake house kitchen - day Lucy be unpack grocery . Ted enter . Lucy put something in a cupboard . Ted take it out and put it in a different cupboard . lucy I do not think we should have the party . ted it 's labor day , we always have it . lucy thing be just too stressful right now . ted I have already invite client . lucy I be sure people would understand - ted they would not . lucy I just think it would be best . ted for who , martha ? lucy for all of we . ted it 's not a option ! we be have the party . lucy and that 's the end of it , because you say so . 43. ted yes ! int . farm house / wardrobe - day martha show Sarah a large walk in closet . martha put Sarah 's clothes on a shelf with all the other clothes . martha we share all of this , if it fit , you can wear it . sarah cool . they walk into a small bedroom . martha this be where we sleep . you can take any bed that 's open or you can sleep downstairs . they walk downstairs . and see another large bedroom . sarah I be hungry , can we eat ? martha we do not eat until the evening . sarah really ? at the bottom of the stair , several make shift bed be laid out on the floor . martha you will get use to it . you body do not need that much food . you be teach to overconsume . there be a baby asleep in the crib . sarah he 's beautiful . whose the mother ? martha Katie 's , but we all help out . sarah be Patrick the father ? 44 . martha uh huh . sarah they look just like he . ( beat ) all the kid here be boy ? martha pick one up , she be very natural with he . martha he only have boy . sarah you be good with they . martha you want to hold he ? sarah no thanks . ( beat ) I do not have to take care of they do I ? martha not if you do not want to . there be plenty of job to be do . ( beat ) you will find you role . it take time for people to find they role in a new family . ext . farm house - day martha walk with Sarah and Zoe across the courtyard and out into the field towards the wood . zoe ( to martha ) I call my dad today to ask for money . martha do Patrick know ? zoe he ask I to . sometimes , if there 's something we really need I will call . martha how be it ? 45 . zoe Fine , they be not bad people . martha do he give you the money ? zoe yeah . he think I be on drug . martha do you tell he you be not ? zoe no , that 's why he give it to I . I guess he would rather pay for it than think I be suck dick for it . sarah I have do drug . not a lot but I have try everything pretty much , except heroin . zoe it 's good to try everything at least once . you find out who you be that way . what about drink , do you drink ? sarah I have , but I do not . zoe good , we do not drink . it just make you angry and less focus . martha do not get the wrong idea Sarah . we do not talk to we old family . sarah I would not call my dad anyway , no matter how much he pay I . Patrick and watt walk out of the wood . patrick hey . martha hi Patrick , do you meet Sarah yet ? patrick Sally , yeah . CUT to : 46 . int . farm kitchen - night Katie teach martha how to make a vegetable drink . martha add some herb . katie that 's enough . Katie hand she a large chalky white pill . katie ( cont 'd ) half be fine . martha break the tablet in half and drop it into the drink . she crush it with a spoon . int . lake house kitchen - night martha be back at the Lake house . Lucy enter and begin to load the dishwasher . martha hold the glass with the green drink which we now see be just water . lucy I will do this if you want to go to bed . martha I do not mind . lucy get some sleep . martha okay . martha leave . holding the glass tightly , martha walk to she bedroom . in one long take , while walking from the kitchen to the bedroom , the glass of water have change back to the GREEN drink martha prepare with katie . int . farm / SMALL dark room - continuous martha enter she bedroom hold the green drink . Sarah sit in a chair wear a white robe . the room be no longer martha 's bedroom at the lake , it be a small dark room at the farm . 47 . martha oh , hi. sarah hi. Sarah be nervous . martha brushes Sarah 's hair . sarah ( cont 'd ) what do I have to do ? martha nothing you do not want to . drink this , it will help you relax . Sarah take a sip of a thick green drink . she gag . martha ( cont 'd ) it 's herbal . it 's the start of you cleanse . martha lift the bottom of the glass to force it down . martha ( cont 'd ) we have all do it so you know there 's nothing to worry about . sarah do I have to wear this robe ? martha ( whispering ) I know it seem a bit silly , but it 's a part of it . Sarah look very uncomfortable . she be get light head from the drink . martha ( cont 'd ) you look amazing . it 's you special night with he , enjoy it , you will be great . sarah thanks . martha help Sarah up and pass she through a door to the next room . she remove Sarah 's robe and lay she on the ground . martha shut the door lock she in . martha lie down on the floor and curl up into a ball . 48 . int . martha' bedroom - morning martha wake up wear Lucy 's dress . she have wet herself . martha take off the dress and stuff it between the mattress and the box spring . ext . lake - sunset martha sit alone on the step look out onto the water . she be deep in think . Lucy walk down the stair and sit next to she . martha should not we start cooking ? lucy I just make some potato salad . Ted 's cooking the fish . martha I think we be go to cook . lucy we cook last night . martha oh , yeah . martha be lose deep in think . martha ( cont 'd ) do you ever have this thing where you can not tell if something 's a memory or if it 's something you have dream ? lucy not really . beat . lucy ( cont 'd ) do you blame I for anything ? martha no . ( beat ) like what ? 49 . lucy I do not know . ( beat ) I be just try to figure out why we stop talk . martha I do not think about it . lucy really ? martha we be far apart . lucy sometimes I wonder if , maybe I could have take better care of you . martha ( mumble ) the past do not matter . lucy it do matter . martha I take care of myself . lucy I know you do . I think I could have do more though . martha stop it . lucy be honest with I , you never think about it ? martha no . lucy you be not angry at I ? martha I know you do not think much of I but I know what I be do then and I still do . 50 . lucy no , martha , I think the world of you , I be just wonder if I should have come back and keep you in school and help you go to college , you have so much potential . martha I do not need you guidance , I never do . I be a teacher and a leader , you just never let I be that but now I know I be , I know who I be . lucy teacher and a leader ? what be you talk about ? I always encourage you to do more , but you shut I out . martha do not respond she drift off into deep think . lucy ( cont 'd ) martha - martha just because we be sister do not mean we need to talk about everything that come into you head . ted ( o.s. ) ( yelling ) dinner 's ready . int . lake house dine room - night Ted , Lucy and martha eat at the dinner table . ted so what be you plan martha ? martha for what ? ted life . martha I do not know . ted be you think about what you can do for work ? 51 . martha no . ted you be at a age where you need to start think about a career . martha why ? ted it 's a part of adult life . martha there be other way to live . ted really ? martha sure . ted like what ? martha I do not know . people do not need career , people should just exist . Ted laugh . lucy he 's just say we should start talk about what you be interested in . maybe we can help you get some idea together . ted I have moment when I would love to move to France and just exist but it do not work that way . martha you can do that if you want to . ted it 's not that simple . martha ( cautiously ) it 's not you fault but you learn that success be measure by money and possession . it 's just not the right way to live . 52 . Lucy be floor by martha 's response . ted and what do you think the right way to live be ? be a hysterical mess and cause you family pain . you be eat my food and sleep under my roof so watch you mouth . you be rude . martha , with a frightening streak of viciousness stand up to Ted . martha you do not know anything about it . Ted and Lucy be speechless . martha leave . int . lake house hallway - night martha sneak downstairs in the middle of the night . Ted and Lucy be asleep in they room . martha pick up the phone and dial a number . a woman pick up . woman hello ... hello . martha who 's this ? woman who 's this ? ( beat ) Zoe ? martha she not there ? woman she 's not . martha where be she ? woman who be this ? martha who be this ? woman it 's marlene Lewis . who 's this . 53. martha hang up . the phone ring . she unplug the phone and collapse on the floor . CUT to : ext . farm - day martha and the other be practice pick pockete . martha look out into the feild to see Patrick talk with Sarah . she be enamoure by he . ext . farm field - day Zoe , martha , Sarah and max be shoot bottle in the wood . max watt say I be suppose to teach you how to defend yourselves but I think you be hopeless . zoe I be surprised you dumb ass even know how to load it . max please , I be like Doc fuckin' holiday . Zoe shoot and hit a bottle . he come up behind Zoe , wrap he arm around she , kiss she neck and grope she breast . she move he hand away . Sarah watch on . max ( cont 'd ) God , you be so hot when you shoot , make my willy hard . Max take the gun out of she hand and fire several shot . he miss the bottle . zoe what happen Doc ? I should be teach you . he load another round , aim , shoot , and hit a bottle . martha alright , my turn . Max wrap he hand around hers so she be firmly grip the gun . 54 . zoe ( playful ) alright Max , be this just a excuse to grope marcy . max I be teach she how to shoot . then you just squeeeeeeeeeze . Patrick be walk towards they carry a sac . martha fire a few shot and miss . patrick focus . take a deep breath . think about someone who wronge you . feel it , feel how they make you feel in you stomach . take a deep breath , feel it all move out into you hand . let it build . it 's transfer to the gun , building in the gun . now release . she fire five powerful shot quickly , one shatter . a smile grow on martha 's face . patrick ( cont 'd ) ( smiling ) feel good right ? martha nod . Patrick open a sac and let 2 cat out . patrick ( cont 'd ) now try that . martha what do you mean ? patrick shoot it . martha they be live animal . patrick so , shoot Max then . Patrick lift martha 's hand so the gun be point at Max . Max be freeze , he smile awkwardly . patrick ( cont 'd ) go on ! Max be confuse , he get embarrassed . 55 . max fuck this . patrick do not walk away from I Max . Max stop . martha drop the gun down to she waist . patrick ( cont 'd ) the cat have terminal cancer , it 's in excruciate pain . martha I can not . patrick Max have no substance , he 's just here to free load and be around the girl but you be a teacher and leader , you just do not see it because no one let you believe it before I . you be a leader a marcy , now prove it . martha be shook up . she do not fire the gun . patrick ( cont 'd ) the cat remind you of some fluffy thing you think you use to love . you be hold on to some false emotion that stop you from do what 's right . Zoe take the gun out of martha 's hand . the gun go off . martha and Max jump . Zoe shot the cat without blink . she hand the gun back to martha . patrick ( cont 'd ) I could spend my life be selfish , live alone , use this gift for I but I have sacrifice myself to be what you all need I to be . you need to trust I . martha I trust you . patrick then you should not need I to explain everything . a gun shot go off . they all look up . Max look mortify , he have shot the other cat . patrick ( cont 'd ) what do you do ? 56 . max you say it be sick . patrick one of they be sick , Zoe know which one it be ! Max toss the gun and walk away . int . farm hay loft - night martha look for Max . she find he in the hay loft . martha you okay ? max I be fine . ( beat ) I will probably leave this place soon anyways . martha where be you go to go ? max I get place . my cousin life in bennington , he say I could go up there and make like , $ 500 a week sell weed . martha you do not want to do that . max I do not care what I do . I be sick of all this rule . martha Max , they be not rule . it 's just common sense . max it feel like rule . they will not let I do anything . I can not even go on the house run . I would be great at take shit . martha it 's not about take shit . max sound like it 's about take shit to I . 57 . martha and that 's why you do not get to come . you just do not get it . ( beat ) you need to quit drink . max I be not drink . martha take the bottle out from under a hay bale . martha you be still live with all the shit you carry out there . you be the only one , let it go . max I will try . martha no . you can not try . you have to stop . they love you , they just want you to be stronger . max I be strong , they will see . Max lean up and try to kiss she . martha stop he . she hug he instead . martha you will be okay . ext . large expensive country house - night a rock be hurl onto the roof of the house . thump . it roll down and off into the yard . flood light shine up at a beautiful large country home . three people run through the yard , dash through the light and back into the shadow . it be martha , watt , and Zoe , hurl another rock onto the roof . a man inside come to the window . Zoe pick up a rock and throw it onto the roof . the man in the window walk towards he front door . watt lead martha towards the house . 58 . the man in the house come out of he front door , walk around the side of he house and look up to see what 's hit the roof . he leave the front door open . watt and martha creep into the house . int . expensive country house - continuous martha and watt walk through the house . they sneak past a live room where a woman watch television . int . expensive country house dine room - continuous there be two place setting at the dinning room table and two candle burn in vintage , steel candle holder . watt blow out the candle , pour wax on the table and lay the candle down . he steal the candle holder . there be a large painting on the wall . he motion for martha to help he . they get on either side and dismount the painting , then lay it face up on the floor . they hear the man come inside and talk to he wife . they continue to creep through the house , into the kitchen and out the back door . int . farm house - night martha , watt , Zoe , Max and a few other have sex with each in the same room . Patrick walk down stair and sit quietly in the corner watch they . CUT to : int . lake house / martha' bedroom - night martha lie awake in she room . she hear a car outside . she creep to she window and peek out . she can not see what kind of car it be . it leave the light and engine on for a moment , then it shut off . no one get out . she be freeze with fear . she build up courage then leave she room . 59 . int . lake house - continuous martha walk through the dark lake house , look out the window try to see if anyone be come , almost as if she be stand guard . she be tremble with fear . a dark figure cross from one room to another behind she . she freeze , turn and hold she breath . the man walk out of the room . martha scream . it 's Ted . ted Jesus Christ you scared I . martha sorry . they take a moment to calm down . ted do I wake you ? martha no . I can not sleep . ted I neither . I be go to watch a movie . ( beat ) you want to watch ? martha think about it . martha I should try to sleep . ted it always help I . it 's better than lie in bed awake . he take a couple of beer out of the fridge . int . lake house live room - night Ted sit on one end of the couch , martha on the other end . he wear he robe and drink a beer . he glance over at martha who be lose in the movie , laugh . ted I be sorry about before , martha . 60 . martha it 's alright . it 's you house . martha lie down . he offer she a pillow . she raise she head and he put it under . int . lake house live room - morning Lucy walk into the live room to find martha curl up on the couch next to Ted . the tv be on and there be three empty beer bottle on the table . Lucy be furious . she pick up the bottle and walk into the kitchen , be sure to make as much noise as she can . Ted and martha wake up . martha sit up on the couch and watch Ted walk into the kitchen . int . lake house kitchen - continuous Lucy put on the kettle . Ted come into the kitchen and open the fridge . ted you want I to make some breakfast ? Lucy walk away . ted ( cont 'd ) hey ! Ted follow she into they room . int . ted and lucy bathroom - continuous Ted and Lucy enter . ted what 's wrong ? lucy you can not be serious right now . ted what ? beat . ted ( cont 'd ) Lucy ! 61 . lucy one minute you be go after martha at the dinner table , then you be curling up together on the couch ? ted no one be curling up with anybody . lucy you really do think I be stupid do not you ? ted Jesus , I could not sleep , I be watch a movie , she come out and sit down and start watch with I . what be I suppose to do , tell she to leave ? beat . ted ( cont 'd ) you be be ridiculous . lucy you can lose you temper at will but when I get piss off , I be be crazy or ridiculous ! I could not possibly be mad for a reason . Lucy get undress and get in the shower . ted be you accuse I of something ? because if you be , I would like you to say it out loud so you can hear how absurd it sound . lucy fuck you . I just want you to think about how walk in on that might make I feel . ted you ask I to make more of a effort . I try to do that and you get upset . I can not win . lucy you be unbelievable . ext . lake house road - day Ted run . 62 . ext . lake house - continuous Lucy sit on the step overlook the lake . she be sneaking in a cigarette . ext . lake house - continuous martha stand below she bedroom window to see what 's hit the roof at night . she turn and look over to the back road . the brown car be park on the side road . it be overcast . it look like a storm be approach . ext . lake house - continuous martha walk towards the car , she anger be building . as she get to the top of the road she pick up a rock and throw it through the car window . Glass shatter everywhere . she pick up a loose shard of glass and scrape a line on the side of the car . she drop the glass and stare at the mess for a moment before look around to make sure no one have see she . int . lake house - day martha look out the window at the brown car with the smashed window . it be raining . int . lake house - night martha lie in bed . something thump on the roof . martha flinch . thump . thump . thump . she flintch with each thump . CUT to : int . lake house - day martha help Lucy clean the house . martha you should not smoke . lucy what ? I do not smoke . 63. martha especially if you be try to have a kid . lucy maybe you should mind you own business . the phone ring . it startles martha . lucy ( cont 'd ) I can not deal with talk to anyone right now . martha be freeze , watch the phone ring . int . lake house / ted and lucy bedroom - day Lucy fix martha 's hair and put make up on she . martha sit passively like a doll . ext . lake house - day martha walk down the stair , she look beautiful . she be wear a long white dress , Lucy have do she hair and make up . she be cautious as she descend . guest have arrive . they be drink cocktail and talk in the house and on the back porch . Jazz play over speaker . ext . lake house back porch - continuous martha walk outside . Lucy introduce she to some of she friend . martha look like a zombie though , freeze at the sight of so many stranger . martha continue to walk around the edge of the party quietly observe everyone . something catch she eye . she be study the bartender . she compose herself then approach he cautiously . martha what 's you name ? bartender I be sorry ? 64 . martha what 's you name ? bartender Mike . he put out he hand to shake hers . she take a half step back and study he face . bartender ( cont 'd ) can I get you something ? martha I use to like this . she point at the tequila . bartender straight ? she stand there look daze . she do not respond . he just pour it . he be confuse by she . martha I think you be not suppose to drink Mike . bartender I be not drink . he hand she the tequila . she suddenly slap it out of he hand . the glass shatter on the ground . martha you think you be so fuck smart . martha storm inside . Lucy follow she in . lucy hey , what happenind ? martha we all need to leave . lucy what ? martha he 's a fuck liar . we all need to leave . she point to the bartender . 65 . lucy what be you talk about ? Lucy lower martha 's point hand and try to move she away . martha we have to leave . we all have to leave . I know he . lucy who ? lucy ( cont 'd ) what the fuck be wrong with you ? martha you do not want to live with this Lucy . lucy martha . ted calm down . Ted approach and help guide martha into they bedroom . Lucy turn around to check the party . people be start to notice . Lucy and Ted force martha back into they bedroom . he close the door . int . ted and lucy bedroom - continuous lucy what be you talk about ? martha they be here . martha be frantic , she begin to hyperventilate . Lucy try to hug she , martha squirm free . Lucy hug she again and pull she onto the bed , try to get she to calm . lucy breath . martha do not touch I , you be not listen to I ! 66 . lucy martha please try to breath . I do not know what you be talk about . Ted walk into the bathroom and get pill . he force they down and make martha drink water . she calm down . she fall back onto the bed . Ted and Lucy look exhaust . fade to black . fade in : int . large expensive country house - night martha walk through a large house in the dark . she get to the front door and open it let in Katie , Zoe , watt and Patrick . they immediately scatter around the house , look in cupboard . suddenly the light turn on . man what the fuck . watt hey , we can go . the man be confuse . man what do you want ? watt nothing . the man go to pick up the phone to call the police . watt stop , turn and get 's in he face . watt ( cont 'd ) no need for that , we be leave . watt , Zoe and martha walk to the front door . Patrick appear behind the man . patrick calm down , if you calm down no one will get hurt . man what do you want ? 67 . patrick we be not steal , we do not want anything . man just get out . patrick we be just look at the house . it 's nice . ( beat ) we do not realize you be home . we would not have come in otherwise . man just leave . patrick I would but I can not be sure you will not call the police . man I will not . you do not take anything so just go , I just want my family to be safe . patrick safe ? why would not anyone be safe . unless you call the police , everything will be fine . man okay , I will not . you have my word , please just go . martha walk outside . Patrick just stand there , he will not leave . Katie and Zoe walk out of the other room and be stand behind the man . they do not move . he feel surround . man ( cont 'd ) get the fuck out of my house . martha look back but the view be block by the door . no one know what to do . the girl be look to Patrick but he 's not do anything . suddenly Katie lunge at the man and stab he in the neck . blood spurt out and she stab he again in the rib . they all run out . 68 . int . farm bedroom / hallway - night martha be in a small wood panele room lie on a mattress . she be stunne . she look through the open door to see Katie and watt wash in the bathroom . Patrick enter the bedroom and sit on she bed with martha . martha close she eye pretend to sleep . patrick look at I . Patrick run he hand through she hair . patrick ( cont 'd ) you okay ? martha uh huh . there be a long silence . martha be clearly not okay . patrick you know that death be the most beautiful part of life , right ? death be beautiful because everyone fear death . and fear be the great human emotion of all because it create complete awareness . when you be scared it force you to be completely aware of you surroundings and the moment you be in . it bring you to now and that make you truly present . and when you be truly present , that 's nirvana , that 's pure love . so , death be pure love . CUT to : int . lake house / lucy bedroom - morning martha wake up . Lucy be sit on the bed . she have bring tea . martha sit up and take a sip . lucy it 's too hot , let it cool for a minute . she smile , lie down and curl up again . she be half asleep . 69 . martha thanks mom . I be sorry I ruin the party . lucy everything be fine . martha be it over ? lucy yes , you sleep through the night . martha that 's good . lucy be you go to drink the tea ? martha I do not want it . Lucy get up and leave . CUT to : ext . farm - day Men be move vehicle into the garage . woman be bring the clothes inside off the clothes line . martha be help with the garden . there be a sense of urgency to close the farm . Max be in the hayloft try to close the loft door . he slip and fall 30 foot to the ground . martha rush over to he . he be in pain . watt come out of the barn . martha we have to do something . watt he 's fine . right Max ? max yeah , I be cool . they help he up and he fall . he cant put pressure on he leg and he seem to have a concussion . martha watt ! 70 . watt there 's nothing to do marcy , you need to get inside . Max be strong , he will be fine . right ? max yeah , I be good marcy . stop. ext . farm basement doorway - day everyone file into the basement except for Patrick , watt and Katie . they stand at the top of the stair talk . int . farm house basement - continuous martha how long do you think we will be down here ? zoe it will just be a few day . just to be safe . int . farm house basement - night everyone be sleep . Max be curl up in the corner . martha walk over to he and wake he . there be vomit in the corner . martha do you feel alright ? if you hit you head you should not sleep . max I be fine . martha do you know why we be down here ? max no . do you ? she shake she head . martha what do you think it be ? max I do not know . it do not matter . 71 . martha do you still think about leave ? max no . it 's cool now , I do not really have anywhere to go . why , would you ? martha no . I just want to see about you . fade in : ext . farm - evening Katie ring the dinner bell . martha walk out of the house hold a large pot of soup . she walk it through the courtyard into the shed where everyone gather to eat dinner . everyone from the farm stop work and walk towards the shed . it look like more people be there than before , there be several new face in the crowd . int . farm house - day martha be clean the house . the phone ring , she pick it up . a young girl 's voice be on the other end . martha hello ? voice hi , be watt there ? martha who 's this ? there be something write on the wall martha read . martha signal to a girl in the kitchen to go outside . voice Jane . be watt there ? martha can I help you ? voice who 's this ? 72 . martha it 's marlene Lewis . what 's you last name Jane . voice heller , sorry , do I have the right number ? martha write jane heller on a list of name on the wall . some of they have be scratch out . martha I do not know , do you ? watt come inside . martha ( cont 'd ) it 's a Jane . watt hey . how be you ? sure , yeah , let 's do it , I will be around there on Friday . no , that be my cousin marlene , yeah , I will see you in a bit then . great , I be glad you call . watt hang up . he and martha have a quiet exchange and watt walk away . watt ( cont 'd ) hey . martha just stand there quietly . int . farm house kitchen - evening martha cook with Katie . martha sneak a bite of bread . Katie whacks she in the ear with a wooden spoon . a slight ringing remain throughout the scene . katie nothing till they be do . you know better . martha I know . sorry Katie . lucy ( o.s. ) who 's Katie ? 73. int . lake house kitchen - night martha turn she head to see Lucy instead of Katie . martha be at the lake house cooking with Lucy . martha what ? lucy who 's Katie ? martha oh , nothing . beat . martha ( cont 'd ) Lucy ? lucy yeah . martha be this from the past or be this now ? lucy what ? martha I do not remember waking up this morning . lucy why do not you go sit down , I will finish up . Lucy hand water and some pill to martha . martha take the pill , walk into the other room and collapse on the couch in front of the television . Ted walk into the kitchen . martha listen from the couch . he reach out and hold she hand . ted what 's go on ? lucy who the fuck know . ted she need to see someone . 74 . lucy I know . ted I will start look into place tomorrow . we can arrange for she to be somewhere by Wednesday . lucy place ? ted I do not think she should stay with we anymore . we can not do anything for she when she 's like this . Lucy go back to chopping . lucy I do not want to talk about it anymore . CUT to : int . farm / bedroom - day martha and Zoe sit in bed . martha Zoe ? zoe yeah . martha I can not stop feel terrible for that poor man . zoe I know . it happen though , we be never really dead or alive , we just exist , so he 's still exist , but it 's in a parallel time . just do not think about it , it 's in the past . martha be upset with how cold Zoe be . int . farm house bathrrom - later martha sit in the bathroom , knee pull up to she chest as she rest on the edge of the bathtub . 75 . someone knock at the door . she pretend not to be in there . there be another gentle know . zoe martha , it 's I , can I come in ? martha unlock the door for Zoe . Patrick burst in , slam the door and corner martha and yell at she . patrick have not you learn anything ? martha I have . patrick I feel like we have a connection . martha ( desperate ) we do ! patrick that 's not what you be show I . Patrick calm down . he sit . patrick ( cont 'd ) maybe I ask too much from you too soon . you have potential but you be just not there yet . I will expect less of you for now on . martha be upset , like a train animal , she run back to he side , sit next to he and rest she head on he shoulder . martha I be sorry . he run he hand through she hair . patrick shhh . it 's okay . he put he hand on the inside of she thigh . patrick ( cont 'd ) you be my favorite , I will not lose you . CUT to : 76 . int . lake house - night martha wake up on the couch confuse , she see a man stand over she . she quickly push he up , jump over tyhe back of the couch and run away . the man be Ted . he follow she , try to calm she down but she be in a blind state of panic . she run to the stair . he follow she . she trip . he go to see if she be okay . she kick he . he fall down the stair . the light turn on . Lucy come out of the bedroom to see Ted at the bottom of the stair . she rush over to he . Ted get up slowly . lucy be you alright ? Ted push Lucy off of he . lucy ( cont 'd ) what the fuck happen ? ted she kick I down the stair . Jesus Christ , what 's it go to take , Lucy . martha start cry , she become hysterical . Lucy be irate , she run up the stair and confront martha . lucy you could have kill he . martha back away . martha I be confuse . lucy about what , what be you so confuse about ? martha I think he be someone else . Lucy 's anger be building . 77 . lucy you think he be someone else ? what be wrong with you ? ( beat ) I be not do this anymore , I be not do this anymore . I beat myself up over you for year and I be sick of it , I be sick of chase you down and worry about you . I need to move on . martha I be sorry . lucy you need help martha . martha I know . lucy what happen to you ? martha shake she head with a severe look of fear in she eye . lucy ( cont 'd ) what happen to you ? martha ( scream ) I do not know . Lucy do not know what else to do , she can see martha be too far go . lucy we be go to get you proper help . there be a long moment of silence . martha be you go to send I away ? lucy I do not know how to help you anymore . martha ( pleading ) please do not . please do not . lucy I can not help you . 78 . martha please , I can not be alone , please . lucy we be try to start a family and I do not trust you to be here . Lucy walk away . martha Lucy ? lucy what ? Lucy stop at the bottom of the stair . lucy ( cont 'd ) what ? martha you be go to be a terrible mother . Lucy freeze , she try to stay calm but burst into tear . there be a long , tense silence . Lucy dry she eye . lucy do you have any money leave ? martha shake she head . lucy ( cont 'd ) of course you do not . ( beat ) we will make sure everything be take care of . Lucy walk away , martha be freeze on the stair . int . lake house - next day martha walk through the house . all of the luggage be pack and sit by the front door . Ted sit on the couch eat a sandwich and drink a beer . 79 . ext . lake house back yard - continuous it be a overcast , unusually cold Labor Day . Lucy work in the garden . lucy go swim ? martha yeah . lucy it 's a bit chilly . martha I do not mind . lucy I think we both say some thing last night that we do not mean . martha yeah . lucy we schedule a appointment for you tomorrow morning . martha look into the back of the flower bed and notice footprint . martha what 's it like there ? lucy it look nice . martha turn and walk down to the water . lucy ( cont 'd ) we be head back to the city in about a hour . you will be ready to go ? martha yep . ext . lake house dock - day martha stand on the dock . she strip down to she underwear and dive in . 80 . martha swim out into the lake . she drop under the water and out of sight , a burst of bubbles pop up to the surface . a few second pass by and she be not come up . suddenly she break back through the water and gasp for air . she look around at the thick wood and a handful of nice home that appear to be empty now . no one else be swim . martha see a scruffy man sit on a neighbor dock , he seem familiar . he be in he mid twenty , he jeans be roll up and he foot dangle in the water . his shirt be sling over he shoulder and he smoke a cigarette . he look directly at martha . they make eye contact . he finish he smoke , throw the cigarette in the water , put on he shirt and just sit there . martha swim back to the house . int . ted' car - day martha sit in the back seat of Ted and Lucy 's car . Ted drive and Lucy sit up front . they drive up the driveway and turn out onto the road . Ted and Lucy talk . martha get a concerned look on she face . Ted slam on the break . ted Jesus Christ . lucy be you okay ? ted yeah . lucy Fucking idiot . what be he do ? the man from the dock walk past the car . they almost hit he . as they drive away , martha turn to see he get into the a brown car , start the engine and drive . the car drive behind Ted 's car . martha look forward for a long moment , then turn back again to see that he be still there . 81 . she be freeze with fear , she think about say something but then stop herself . instead she sit in silence . CUT to : black