for you consideration loi lon screenplay by david magee screen story by david magee & rob marshall & JOHN deluca base upon the '' mary poppins '' stories by p.l. traver song '' lovely london sky '' 2 ... cece ee ee cece ce eee eee ete cence Jack '' br conversation '' 2 . cece cece eee cence eee ence eee e eee Michael '' can you imagine that ? '' ......e eee ee ence Mary poppin , John , annabel , georgie '' the royal doulton music hall '' ........ -- 2eeeeee Mary poppin '' br cover be not the book '' ....... Mary poppin , Jack , company '' the place where lost thing go '' .....--- 2 - eeeeee Mary poppin '' turning turtle '' ..... cece cece c cece eeee topsy , Mary poppin , Jack , the Children '' trip a little light fantastic '' ......... Jack , Mary poppin , the Children , leeries '' the place where lost thing go '' ( reprise ) ......... georgie , annabel , John '' trip a little light fantastic '' ( reprise ) .... Mr. daw , Jr. '' nowhere to go but up '' ....... balloon Lady , Michael , company '' lovely london sky '' ( repris€ ) ... eee cece eee eee e ce eeeeee Jack ext . the london embankment / dock MARCH , 1934 - morning the river Thames at daybreak , street - lamp reflect in the water . tilt up to reveal the London embankment , Big Ben in the background . Jack , a eternally optimistic lamplighter , climb a ladder that lean against a lamppost , silhouett against the dawn . he dim the light and slide down to the ground . '' lovely london sky " jack when the early morning hour have come and gone through the misty morning shower I greet the dawn for when its light have hit the ground there's lot of treasure to be found underneath the lovely london sky Jack fold he ladder and fasten it to the back of he bicycle . he climb on and ride off . ext . the dock near the embankment —- continuous drop down from the rooftop of London , we discover worker unload crate and barrel of fresh produce on the dock . Jack slalom through it all as he continue on he way . jack though the lamp i'm turning down please don't feel blue for in this part of london town the light shine through Jack stop at a lamppost and dim the lamp . ahead , needy londoner stand on a soup kitchen queue that snake around the corner . volunteer hand out food to they . don't believe the thing you've read you never know what' up ahead underneath the lovely london sky Jack grab a apple as he swerve past a fruit cart and toss it to a man on the queue . ext . tower bridge - morning Jack ride along the embankment , the bridge at he back . ext . neighborhood pub - continuous as Jack ride down a alley adjacent to a pub , three STREET urchins chase behind he . a urchin help he to shut off a street - lamp . jack have a pot of tea mend you broken cup there's a different point of view awaiting you if you would just look up ! I know ... a pub landlord sweep the footpath . pub landlord oi , get out of it ! the urchin run off down the alley , as Jack ride down the street . jack ...- yesterday you have to borrow from you chum seem the promise of tomorrow never come ext . ST . paul' cathedral - day Jack pass St. Paul 's . a few homeless people sleep on the cathedral step . jack but since you dream the night away tomorrow's here ! it's call ... today ! so count you blessing , you 're a lucky guy for you're underneath the lovely london sky he ride through a flock of pigeon , scatter they , and take we up past the dome . ext . the park - day close on Jack 's wheel as he wind he way through the park . as he ride along the path , he nod to a gruff park keeper spearing rubbish into a bag , who give he a dirty look . ext . cherry tree lane - continuous Jack whistle as he ride onto cherry Tree Lane , a street line with 19th - century home . he pass the neighbor milkman , give he a wave . milkman mornin 's , Jack ! Jack glance up to a rooftop that have be fitte to look like the deck of a ship - at the moment , though , no one be at the helm . he look up , worried . finally , the rooftop door creak open and admiral boom appear , push in a wheelchair by he first mate , binnacle . binnacle ( blow whistle : ) Admiral ... above deck ! Jack smile , salute the sailor . jack listen ... soon this slump all disappear it won ’t be long sooner than ' ya think you all hear some bright new song he set up he ladder at the lamppost that stand before 17 cherry Tree Lane - a modest house which have fall slightly into disrepair . a boy and girl appear at the window in the upper floor of the bank home , wave . jack ( cont would ) y ’awright , child ? Jack wave to the child . they wave back and exit . Jack climb the ladder . jack ( cont would ) so hold on tight to that you love and maybe soon from up above you'll be blessed so keep on looking high while you're underneath the lovely london sky lovely london sky ... Jack dim the light and glance up into the sky . he slide down the ladder , climb onto he bicycle and ride off . big BEN toll eight o'clock in the distance . a black car pull up as Jack ride off . two man in suit get out of the car : gooding and frye . the man set they watch by the toll of the bell , then walk up the path to the house . up above , the Admiral and binnacle have just make it across the rooftop . the Admiral be outrage . admiral boom great steaming clam - they have do it again ! that blunder blowfish have rung Big Ben too soon ! binnacle Storm cloud on the horizon , sir. head straight for cherry Tree Lane . admiral boom batten down the hatches , Mr. binnacle . Rough seas ahead , I fear . both man react as a scream come from the Bank 's household . ellen ( 0.s. ) aaahhh ! !! int . the bank front entry hall - continuous Inside the bank family home , the house show some sign of wear and inattention . ellen ( 0.s. ) ( the scream continue : ) aaahhh ! !! the door that lead into the kitchen fly open - water can be see spraying the room . ellen , the housekeeper , run into the hall in a panic and call upstairs . ellen ( cont would ) michael ! jane ! jane and michael bank rush in from the parlor behind ellen . michael what be it , ellen ? ellen the bloomin’ sink 's explode ! michael not again ! aunt jane oh dear . Michael rush into the kitchen . the boy and girl we see earlier , annabel and JOHN , run down the step . aunt jane ( cont would ) oh - annabel , John - ! annabel we hear , aunt Jane - I will ring the plumber ! JOHN I will turn off the water at the main ! John run down into the cellar . aunt jane ( go into the kitchen : ) thank you , darling - ellen , fetch we a mop and towel , will you ? ellen ( grumbling to herself : ) I tell ' im to get they pipe fix . they be there since the Roman rule . ellen disappear into the cellar . georgie come down the stair , carry he stuff giraffe , '' gillie . '' georgie what 's happen ? annabel do not go in the kitchen , georgie - not without you wellies -— ( on phone : ) yes , hello . we have have a burst pipe . ( there be a tapping at the front door . on phone : ) Excuse I — ( Calling : ) ellen , could you please get the door ? I have get the plumber here . ellen come out of the cellar with the mop and towel . ellen that be quick work , be not it ? hand full , she give the towel to georgie . ellen ( cont would ) here georgie - take this . ( head to the door : ) alright , alright - I be come . good and frye stand outside , tack up a notice . gooding ah. good morning , mum . ellen they do not look like plumber . annabel ( look over . ) I mean on the phone . gooding we be not plumber - we be lawyer . ellen lawyer ? here 's I , hopin 's you would prove useful . she absentmindedly hand the mop to good and shut the door . aunt Jane she dress she wrap JOHN Water 's off ! annabel ( hang up ) and the plumber be on they way . come out of the kitchen , she hair and the front of drench with water . aunt jane well do , everyone . phew ! such excitement ! georgie what be you do here , aunt Jane ? aunt jane ( she take a towel from georgie to dry off : ) we be hand out breakfast at the union hall . I snuck away for morning hug . come here . the towel around georgie and give the three child a hug . aunt Jane take the towel and head back into the kitchen , georgie pick up a towel she have accidentally drop , follow she into the kitchen . there 's a knock at the door . ellen go over and open it . ellen will you stop that bangin’ ? it 's barely eight o'clock on a Sunday mornin 's ! ( more ) ellen ( cont would ) ( she see she mop , grab it : ) wot ’cher doin’ with my mop ? frye forgive the intrusion , mum . we current workload prevent we take weekend off . gooding we would like to have a word with Mr. bank , if he be available . ellen finally see the notice on the door . ellen '' notice of ... repossession ? '' frye , by far the more sympathetic of the two , sigh loudly and nod sadly , look genuinely pain . ellen glare . ellen ( cont would ) wait there . she go back inside . John and annabel quickly turn away , pretend not to be pay attention . the lawyer peer through the door as Michael re-enter from the kitchen , thoroughly soak , follow by georgie . as Michael take off he jacket : michael I will be clean up that mess all morning . annabel ( reaching for the jacket : ) here . let I take that , father . michael oh , thank you , darling . annabel run upstairs with the jacket . ellen ( undisguise contempt : ) '' scuse I , sir - the wolf be at the door . michael what do they want ? ellen a good thrashin’ , if you ask I . ( she look into the kitchen , sigh . ) look like the River Thames in there . aunt Jane come out as Michael take the mop from ellen . michael do not worry - I will clean up , ellen . why do not you see to breakfast ? ellen suppose someone ' as to - ' less we all want to starve . she go into the kitchen . aunt jane ( aside , to Michael : ) why do not you let ellen clean up ? michael ( a resign sigh : ) I be afraid lately that mean more work for I . the other day I find a butcher 's sack hang on the coat rack - and my hat be in the larder . aunt Jane catch sight of she damp hair in the hall mirror . aunt jane I need a brush - I look a fright . ( as she go upstairs : ) do not forget you have guest at the door , Michael . michael right - ( he go to the door , dodging the child ) I be sorry . we be struggle through a bit of chaos this morning - they take a step into the hallway . Michael close the door behind they . gooding so it seem . unfortunately , Mr. bank , we business can not wait . ellen reappear from the kitchen . ellen Excuse I , sir - how exactly be I suppose to make breakfast when there 's nothing in the larder but pickle herring and marmalade ? michael ( Hand to forehead : ) the grocery - I mean to go yesterday . ellen ( she nod , turn to go . ) very well , then . pickle herring for breakfast , marmalade for lunch . JOHN ( once ellen have go : ) that little shop across the park will be open . the three of we can go . michael oh , thank you , John . georgie ( aside , to annabel : ) but you say we would go to the park today ! annabel we will cut through the park on the way . georgie but - annabel enough , georgie . come along . John take the mop from Michael . JOHN I will take that , Father . michael thank you . aunt Jane come back downstairs as the twin lead georgie into the kitchen . Michael gesture for the lawyer to join he in the parlor . aunt Jane follow , put on she coat . michael ( cont would ) please , come through - int . the parlor - continuous michael now , what be it I can do for you ? gooding I be Hamilton good ; this be Mr. templeton frye . we be solicitor with the law firm of gordy , cordry , good and frye . aunt Jane suppress a laugh . 10 gooding ( cont would ) what ? aunt jane nothing . good notice the poster stick out of aunt Jane 's notebook . gooding spruce ? be that you garden club ? aunt jane no , it 's the '' Society for the Protection of the rights of the underpaid citizen of England . '' gooding a labour organizer ? ( archly polite , to frye : ) she 's a labour organizer . good and frye sit on the sofa . Michael sit in the armchair opposite . aunt Jane move round , tie she belt . aunt jane well , yes - we also run soup kitchen - it 's a never - end job this day . frye I be sure it be , Mrs. bank . aunt jane miss bank , actually . I be Michael 's sister . michael my wife pass away this last year . frye that 's awful ! that poor child . gooding we deep condolence . michael thank you . forgive I - what bring the two of you here this morning ? aunt jane I be go to say my good - by . aunt Jane kiss Michael on the cheek and head out . 11 gooding Mr. bank , you take out a loan with Fidelity fiduciary Bank last year against the value of you home . aunt Jane stop and step back to Michael . aunt jane you do what ? Michael ! michael I have to , Jane . I do not have much choice , what with kate and the bill pile up - frye hard enough this day , be not it ? gooding yes , well , it seem you have fall three month behind in payment - michael I be sorry . kate , my wife , use to handle all we finances , you see , and I have be a bit off my stride . ( stands , walk to desk : ) how much be it I owe you exactly ? gooding unfortunately , the bank be now demand you pay back the entire loan in full . michael the entire loan ? gooding yes - it 's all in the contract . michael that 's more than I make in a year . I could not possibly . frye oh dear ! good stand to leave , pick up he hat and briefcase . gooding you have five day . if you be unable to pay in full by Friday at midnight , I be afraid we will have to repossess you home , and you will have to vacate the premise . frye sigh , distraught . good glance over , irritate . 12 michael but I work at Fidelity fiduciary ! gooding not as a accountant , I presume . michael no , as a teller - I take a part - time position there this past year . you see , I be really a artist - gooding be that as it may - michael but my father , George bank , be a senior partner there ! aunt jane ( a realization : ) Father leave we bank share ! you could use they to pay off the loan . michael I be save that for the child , but - frye stand . frye share ? in the bank ? ( brightly , to good : ) that do change thing , do not it ? gooding do you have the share certificate ? aunt jane sorry ? the what ? frye the document — gooding the document prove you own share in the bank . michael ... I suppose it must be somewhere among father 's old papers . ext . the admiral 's rooftop - continuous on the rooftop next door , the Admiral and binnacle be finally prepare to fire off the 8 a.m. cannon . 13 admiral boom prime and ready , Mr. binnacle ? binnacle ready and charge , sir . admiral boom on my mark . Three , two , one - FIRE ! boom ! int . the parlor - continuous Inside , the cannon fire rattles the wall , knock everything askew and terrifying the lawyer . a clock and a urn land in good 's hand . ash fly out of the fireplace . gooding good heaven ! be you housing anarchist ? Michael and aunt Jane behave as though this be perfectly normal ; they begin push all the furniture and belonging back into place as they speak . aunt jane no , that 's the Admiral . he fire off a cannon to mark the hour . frye ( he check he watch : ) but he 's over five minute late . michael yes , I be afraid he 's be run a little behind this last few year . Michael and aunt Jane push the piano back in place . gooding as be we , this morning . you have be give notice ; ( hand Michael the notice ) we will see ourselves out . come along , Mr. frye . frye ( put on he hat ) I hope you find that share certificate . I really do . gooding good day to you both . ( as they leave , to frye : ) you really have choose the wrong profession , you know ... the door shut . aunt jane why do not you tell I you have take out a loan , Michael ? Michael move away from Jane . michael I do not want to worry you - or the child . I keep think I would catch up . kate always manage . ( he shake he head : ) of all the thick -headed mistake ... I can not lose we home , Jane . she 's everywhere here . aunt jane well then we be not go to let that happen . but , Michael , you know we neither of we have enough money between we - so we just have to find that share certificate . do you have any idea where father might have keep it ? michael up in the attic , I suppose ... ( he tuck away he emotion , smile . ) «+ . I be sorry , I do not mean to bring you into all this . aunt jane ( exasperate : ) Michael ! this be we family home , and you be about to lose it - so stop pretend everything 's fine . georgie ( 0.s. ) be we go to lose we home ? 14 Michael and aunt Jane turn . georgie and the twin , have enter from the dining room in they coat and welly , have be listen to they . michael oh , no - no , of course not , georgie . aunt jane I be say you will not have to worry , because you father own share in the bank . georgie but you say we do not have enough money . Michael grab paper and pen and sketches something . 15 michael well , I can make more - I ama banker now , be not I ? that 's what banker do - make money . georgie but you be not a banker - you be a painter . michael yes , well - painter do not make money . not this day . here , you see ? the day have hardly begin and I have already make you 10 pound . Michael hand georgie what he 's draw - a decent likeness of a 10 - pound note . annabel and John exchange a glance , see through Michael 's false cheer instantly . georgie smile . JOHN ( look at he watch : ) we would best be go . aunt jane let 's get you hat on then . annabel go to the front hall coat rack to get they hat . michael ( with a wink , hand a few coin to John : ) John , one moment . georgie should not have to spend he 10 pound on the shopping - here you be . JOHN thank you , father . ellen ( enter : ) off to the park now , I see . annabel yes - that 's right , ellen . ellen help the child with they hat . aunt Jane take off she coat as she head for the stair . aunt jane ( to Michael : ) shall we search the attic , then ? michael do not you have to go to work ? 16 aunt jane ( Rolling up she sleeve : ) work can wait . Michael follow she up the stair . michael thank you , Jane - yes , I ’1l1 look in the attic . why do not you check father 's old wardrobe ? ellen follow the child to the front door . JOHN we will make lunch when we get home , ellen . annabel take gillie from georgie , hand it to ellen . annabel gillie stay here . ellen ( as the child leave : ) blimey - such little grow - up you have become . ext . the park - day annabel read over the shopping list as the child walk through the park . annabel Father do not give we enough , do he ? JOHN not nearly . annabel we can ask for day - old bread at half off ; that 's what mother use to do . georgie smile , see miss lark , the child 's wealthy neighbor , walk she dog willoughby . georgie hello , willoughby ! hello , miss lark ! miss lark hello , georgie ! twin . JOHN come on georgie , we have not get time for this . 17 willoughby bark . georgie notice a woman sell balloon ( balloon lady ) in the distance . he cut across the grass toward she : georgie the balloon lady ! can we get balloon ? annabel no , georgie - we have not enough for grocery as it be . the Park keeper appear , call to georgie . park keeper oi , georgie bank - keep off the grass ! I do not spend all day caring for it just to see my work get trample on ! go on , hop it ! georgie sigh and reluctantly return to the path . annabel sorry . JOHN ( quietly , to annabel : what if Father do lose the house ? annabel we will just have to figure out a way to get it back , I suppose . JOHN you be right ... that 's what mother would do . int . the attic - day the attic be a complete mess . Michael 's easel , canvase and art supplies be all pile up in a corner . Michael go over to a old desk . he search through its drawer , then pick up a wooden storage crate . Inside the crate , Michael find a jewelry box with a engrave '' k '' on its lid . when he open it , a gentle melody play . he take out a necklace of he wife 's , gaze at it a moment . he set the box aside and continue search the attic , still hold the necklace - but he can not get the gentle melody out of he head ... '' a conversation " michael we haven't spoken in so long dear this year have gone by in a blur today seem everything's gone wrong here ( more ) 18 michael ( cont would ) I ’m looking for the way thing be I know you’d laugh and call I tragic for everything's in disarray these room be always full of magic that's vanished since you went away this house be crowded now with question you JOHN be a walking questionnaire and I could surely use a few suggestion on how to brush our daughter 's hair when georgie need explanation you always know just what to say and I miss our family conversation it's silent since you went away Michael look out of the window . winter have gone but not from this room snow' left the lane but the cherry tree forget to bloom he remind himself to keep search . the certificate ... the certificate ... i'll carry on the way you told I I say that like I have a choice and though you be not here to hold I in the echoes I can hear you voice but still one question fill my day dear the answer I 've most longed to know each moment since you went away dear my question , kate , be " where'd you go ? " as aunt Jane enter , Michael put away the necklace and close the lid of the jewelry box , turn away to hide he emotion . aunt jane nothing in the wardrobe . ( gazing around the attic : ) oh my goodness . michael ( he turn back , smile : ) yes , it 's quite a mess , be not it ? aunt Jane notice Michael 's art supplies . aunt jane what be all you art thing do up here ? 19 michael I be not use they anymore . I should probably get rid of it all . aunt jane have you look in father 's old desk ? michael ( pull out a old snowglobe ) I honestly do not know why we keep most of this stuff to begin with . he reach into a nearby box and pull out a old , patch - up kite with a suffragette banner for a tail . michael ( cont would ) I mean , why on Earth do we save this old break thing ? aunt jane do not you remember that kite ? we use to love fly that with mother and father . michael well , it will not fly anymore . out it go - no look back . Michael throw the beat kite into the rubbish box and carry it to the door . ext . the house at 17 cherry tree lane - day Michael carry the trash bin out to leave by the side of the house , then go back inside . a beat , and then the wind stir . the kite shudder and lift into the air , blow out of the trash bin . it skitter across the lane , past Jack , who be riding he bicycle . he stop in he track , watch the kite skip by . the behavior of this kite strike he as unusual , to say the least . he glance up , sense something in the air . jack ( sing softly : ) hold on tight to that you love and maybe soon from up above ... he pedal off in pursuit . ext . the park —- continuous in the park , willoughby the dog see the kite tumble past and bark madly . 20 the kite swing up to hit a man on a park bench in the back of the head , knock off he bowler hat . barely reacting , the man calmly set he hat back in place and continue read a newspaper . up ahead , the twin be poring over they errand list ; georgie , lag behind , see the kite tumble past - he chase after it . annabel how long do you think it will take we today ? JOHN well , let 's see . it 's a nine minute walk to the shop . if it take about ten minute to purchase each item , we should be back home by - Jack race past John and annabel on he bicycle . jack ' scuse I , child - come through ! annabel georgie ! come back ! JOHN georgie ! the twin start after georgie , but the Park keeper see they . park keeper you two - off the grass ! JOHN but we brother - park keeper you hear I - now ! a gust of wind send the kite over a hedge . georgie scramble through the hedge into a clearing , get he clothes cover in mud . the kite be there , lean against a stone bridge as though wait for he . georgie run to it , pull out the spool of string that 's be tuck in its frame and raise the kite into the air . Cloud gather and roil . the wind grow violent , drag georgie off he foot as the kite shoot up through the cloud . John and annabel be rush along the path when they hear : georgie ( 0.s. ) help ! the twin charge out across the grass and dive under the hedge . 21 annabel we 're coming georgie ! Jack , meanwhile , stop he bike on the nearby path and hurry over to rescue georgie . jack hold on ...! Jack grab hold of georgie , pull he down . they both pull on the kite string with all they might . the sky begin to calm , the cloud part , and a figure , hold onto the kite 's tail , come into view ... it be mary poppins ! dress in a long coat , scarf , and eccentric hat , Mary poppin carry a carpetbag in she free hand and have a parrot - — head umbrella tuck under she arm . jack ( cont would ) as I live and breathe ... the twin scramble through the bush just in time to see Mary poppin glide the last five or so foot to the ground . the moment Mary poppin land , she address georgie . Jack reel in the kite string . brusquely : mary poppins you need to be more careful when the wind rise , georgie - you nearly lose you kite . ( as the twin approach : ) and you two nearly lose you georgie . he might have get away completely have I have not be hold on to the other end of that string . she brushes herself off , take note of the child 's appearance . mary poppins ( cont would ) my goodness , annabel - what have you do to you clothes ? you could grow a garden in that much soil . and John , you be just as filthy . annabel how do you know we name ? jack ( beam : ) because she 's Mary poppin , of course ! and may I say you look lovely , as always . 22 mary poppins you really think so ? it be nice to see you , Jack - jack good to see you too , Mary poppin . ( to the child : ) I be just you age when we first meet , work for a chimney sweep . Jack hand the kite back to georgie . mary poppins how be dear old bert ? jack travel the world he be , off to point unknown . mary poppins well , now I be off to speak with the father of this child - this family be clearly in desperate need of a nanny . ( to the child : ) now , quick march and best foot forward , and I will thank you not to dawdle . Mary poppin march off , georgie at she side . the twin exchange a puzzle glance . jack go on . the twin then hurry after they brother . Jack follow behind and pick up he bike off the ground . int . the staircase / front hall - continuous georgie charge into the hall , and shout up the stair . georgie Father ! aunt Jane - come quick ! Michael rush to the top of the step . georgie stand at the base of the stair hold the weatherbeaten kite , excited . michael what be it , georgie ? aunt jane have something happen ? georgie I be fly a kite and it get catch on a nanny ! 23 Michael and aunt Jane come downstairs . aunt jane whatever be you talk about ? georgie come look ! michael wait - where do you get that kite ? georgie I find it in the park . ( point to the door : ) she keep it from blow away . they look toward the front door as Mary poppin step into the house for the first time in decade . Michael be so take aback that he drop the papers he hold . michael Mary ... ? aunt jane -+. poppin ? mary poppins Close you mouth please , Michael . we be still not a codfish . aunt Jane giggle . Mary poppin give she a sidelong glance . mary poppins ( cont would ) Jane bank - still rather inclined to giggle I see . this stop aunt Jane . Michael beam . annabel and John run in , close the door behind they . michael -+. good heaven , it really be you ! you seem hardly to have age at all . mary poppins really ! how rude . one never discuss a woman 's age , Michael . I would have hope I have teach you better . michael I be sorry , I do not mean - aunt jane you come back ! I think we have never see you again . 24 michael it be wonderful to see you - mary poppins ( admire herself in the mirror : ) yes , it be , be not it . annabel you know she then ? as Mary poppin cross away from the mirror , she reflection remain behind , watch she go . michael yes . Mary poppin use to be we nanny . aunt jane what bring you here after all this time ? mary poppins the same thing that bring I the first time : I have come to look after the bank child . the twin exchange a look . annabel we ? mary poppins ( turn : ) .«.. oh , yes - you too . annabel ( a little huffy : ) but we do not need a nanny . mother teach we to look after ourselves . mary poppins you do just misplace georgie , I might point out . JOHN only slightly . we get he back . annabel we can do anything a nanny can . georgie Mary poppin fly here on a kite . you can not do that , can you ? michael what be you talk about , georgie ? do not be silly . 25 aunt jane oh , let he believe what he like . ( to georgie : ) when you father and I be young , we use to imagine Mary poppin could do all sort of impossible thing . georgie alone notice the parrot on the handle of Mary poppin 's umbrella come to life . parrot umbrella ( squawk : ) actually - Mary poppin calmly pinch the parrot 's beak shut . michael ' actually , 's what ? mary poppins actually , I have like to get back to the matter of my employment . georgie you umbrella talk ! michael georgie , please - we be in the midst of a grow - up conversation . annabel why do not we go upstairs , georgie ? georgie but it do talk ! I promise - the twin lead georgie upstairs . once they have go : michael I be afraid sometimes georgie suffer from a excess of imagination . mary poppins as I recall , you have the same affliction yourself when you be young . michael do I , really ? well , that day be long behind I . mary poppins be they , indeed ? ( she nod , confirm something to herself . ) about my employment , then - 26 michael yes , about that - the truth be , I simply can not afford - mary poppins we can settle on term later , although I will want my old room back , as long as it 's not a complete disaster , and I insist on have every second Tuesday off . michael but I be afraid - aunt jane of course , Mary poppin . Michael shoot aunt Jane a look . mary poppins good , good . that 's all settle . then I 'il stay . now , if you will excuse I , the child have turn themselves into dustbin ; my first order of business be to see they properly bath and dress . Michael pull aunt Jane into the live room . michael have you go completely mad , Jane ? I can not afford to take on anyone else . aunt jane Mary poppin be not just anyone . do not you see , Michael ? no one 's hire nanny anymore . the poor woman have no place to go . michael neither will we by the end of the week . aunt jane oh , do not be so grumpy . you sound just like father . michael I do not ! aunt jane give Mary poppin a chance . you need help just as much as she do . michael oh ... very well . she can stay for the time be , I suppose . ( more ) 27 michael ( cont would ) ( ironically : ) after all , she do fly all this way on a kite . they share a laugh . aunt Jane smile , hesitates . behind they , Mary poppin hop on the bannister and glide up the stair , leave she bag and umbrella behind . aunt jane that thing , when we be young - they do not really ... michael ( with a smile : ) Happen ? no ... aunt jane no , of course not . michael ridiculous . they laugh . int . upstair hallway - continuous Mary poppin glide up the bannister past ellen , carry a armful of fresh towel . ellen oh hello , Mary poppin . mary poppins hello , ellen . Mary poppin hop off the bannister . georgie be wait for she . his jaw drop as the parrot umbrella and she carpetbag float down from above and into she hand . georgie how do you do that ? mary poppins do what ? georgie and why do not father believe you fly here on a kite ? mary poppins because it 's complete nonsense , of course . parrot umbrella ( squawk : ) grown -up forget . they always do . 28 mary poppins ( a sharp look : ) that will be quite enough of that . I should have leave you in the umbrella stand . parrot umbrella ( aghast : ) not with the cane ! Mary poppin march into the nursery , georgie behind she . int . the nursery - continuous John and annabel be huddle together , talk in hushed tone , when Mary poppin arrive . mary poppins what be you two whisper about ? JOHN and annabel ( come to attention : ) nothing . mary poppins ( remove she hat ) '' nothing '' be such a useful word , be not it ? it can mean anything and everything . annabel it 's just that - mary poppins - you do not require the service of a nanny . JOHN well , we have grow up a good deal in the past year , after all . mary poppins yes , yes . we will have to see what can be do about that . Mary poppin straighten the item on the fireplace . she reach to adjust a china bowl on the mantelpiece . annabel that be we mother 's - be careful . mary poppins ( haughtily : ) I be always careful . Mary poppin unty she jacket belt . 29 annabel ( anxious : ) so ... you be stay ? mary poppins ( remove she jacket belt ) yes , I 'il stay ... until the door open . JOHN what do that mean ? annabel ( look to the nursery door . ) that door be always open . Mary poppin unbutton and remove she coat . mary poppins not that door - another one . Mary poppin open the cupboard door and take out some clothes . georgie ( incredulous : ) the bathroom door ? JOHN that 's just silly , georgie . ( to Mary poppin , uncertain : ) not the bathroom door ? mary poppins ( as she head off : ) no . but a bath would prove useful . come along - time for a good , clean start . int . the bathroom - day steam cloud fill the air . georgie and the twin stand in they 1930' - style long underwear , watch as Mary poppin draw a bath . the twin be not in the least happy about it . annabel we mother always have we take we bath in the evening . mary poppins in my experience , the perfect time of day to have a bath be when one need a wash . georgie will go first . 30 Mary poppin gather towel and washcloth , shampoo and a fresh bar of soap , which she place beside the tub . JOHN we be perfectly capable of draw we own bath . mary poppins how very helpful John . in that case , you may turn off the tap . ( he reach to do so . ) but not quite yet - we still have to put in the bubbles . JOHN but I do not like soap bubbles . Mary poppin go off to retrieve she bag . mary poppins ( 0.s. ) then you shall have to try to avoid they at all cost . JOHN ( quietly , to annabel : she 's a tough nut , be not she ? annabel ( aloud : ) alright then , but we will have to get this do quickly . JOHN right , we still have to get to the grocer - and it look as though it might rain . georgie I know who you should ask . annabel her umbrella can not talk , georgie . Mary poppin return with she carpetbag , shaking she head . mary poppins the very idea . georgie how do you know it can not ? annabel because it can not . the very notion be ridiculous . mary poppins exactly right , annabel . it 's nonsense . foolishness . 31 JOHN it make no sense . and if it make no sense it can not be true . Mary poppin pull a bottle of soa uu . es from she bag . ' yy ppi pull b 1 £ p bubbl £ he bag '' can you imagine that ? " mary poppins JOHN , you 're right it 's good to know you're bright for intellect can wash away confusion georgie sees and annabel agree most folderol 's a optical illusion ... you three know it 's true that one plus one be two yes , logic be the rock of our foundation ... I suspect ( and I ’m never incorrect ) that you 're far too old to give in to imagination ... as she pour the soap bubbles into the bath , a dolphin peak it 's head up out of the water , much to the child 's amazement . to the dolphin : not yet . Mary poppin gently push the dolphin back underwater . some people like to splash and play can you imagine that ?! and take a seaside holiday can you imagine that ?! Mary poppin reach into she bag to pull out a pail and shovel and a rubber duck . the child watch , astonished . too much glee leave ring around the brain take that joy and send it down the drain as Mary poppin drop each item into the tub , they seem to be magically draw into the water , as though rocketing down a slide . some people like to laugh at life and giggle through the day they think the world 's a brand new shiny toy she pull a toy pirate ship out of she bag , put it into the tub and it disappear ; then she sprinkle a handful of coin into the water . 32 mary poppins ( cont would ) and if while dreaming in the cloud they fall and go kersplat Mary poppin search in she bag for something , snap she finger when she suddenly remember where it be . she march over and pull a large beach umbrella out of the sink with a flourish , then slide it into the tub as well . although they 're down and bent in half they brush right off and start to laugh ! can you imagine that ?! on second thought , perhaps you be right . it make no sense to have a bath this early - georgie I want to take a bath ! mary poppins ( mildly surprised : ) oh , really ? very well , then ... up you go ... and in you go ! she set georgie on the edge of the tub . he throw up he arm and slide in - he too be magically draw into the water . JOHN georgie ! John lunge forward , grab georgie 's hand at the last possible moment - get pull into the water as well . annabel John ! annabel sweep away soap bubbles and peer into the water . georgie and John be nowhere to be see . annabel ( cont would ) what happen ? will they be alright ? mary poppins it be just a bath , after all . but then again , it 's not my tub . annabel should not you go after they ? mary poppins I have my bath this morning , thank you . annabel well , if you will not , I will ! 33 annabel climb onto the back of the tub and slide in . Mary poppin sit on the edge of the tub herself , and slide in backwards - mary poppins off we go ! ext . beneath the magical ocean - continuous georgie , the twin and Mary poppin plummet past , all of they tumble down into a magical ocean . the toy Mary poppin put in the water have all grow to enormous size . the rubber duck be the size of a bus ; the pail and shovel be enormous . mary poppins some people like to dive right in can you imagine that ?! and flap about in bathtub gin can you imagine that ?! Mary poppin and the child float past increasingly surreal scene people by that they know from cherry Tree Lane . miss lark pass by with she dog willoughby on a leash , the dog towing she as he paddle through the water . doggies paddling twenty league below might seem real but we know it 's not so ! the toy pirate ship have become a full - size shipwreck . ellen can be see through a hole in the ship 's hull , try to keep the clam and minnow in she cooking pot from swim away . to cook without a recipe can you imagine that ?! and heaven know what live within that pot ! a treasure chest sit on a reef , fill with the coin she drop in . they swim down to it , coin swirl around they in a current . some pirate follow treasure map and wear a silly hat they search the world for buried gold georgie veer away from the other , diving through thick seagrass . he look up . the Park keeper stand before he , point sternly to a sign : '' keep off the seagrass . '' they won ’t grow up and don ’t grow old ! can you imagine that ?! Mary poppin grab sponge from a colorful coral reef and toss they to the child . 34 mary poppins ( cont would ) be sure to scrub behind you ear ! Mary poppin float up toward the surface as a school of dolphins arrive and circle around the child , create a whirlpool of bubbles . when the dolphin swim off and the bubbles clear , the child be thoroughly scrubbed and wash . the child be capture in enormous bubbles ; one by one , they float to the surface ... ext . the magical ocean , above the water - continuous the bubbles lift out of the water to hover above Mary poppin , who sit in they bathtub , which be now float on a endless sea . Mary poppin take the beach umbrella , which sit in the tub , and use it to pop the child 's bubbles . they all land in the tub . mary poppins some answer when adventure call ! mary poppins & child can you imagine that ?! Mary poppin raise the umbrella for a sail , hand it to John . mary poppins and sail straight over waterfalls ! mary poppins & child can you imagine that ?! the Admiral and binnacle float past they in a rowboat . mary poppins they see live as it 's own reward admiral boom ahoy ! mary poppins they rock the boat , then — the Admiral and binnacle salute . the child salute back . John be pull off balance by the umbrella and fall in . admiral boom -— man overboard ! Mary poppin and the child reel John back onboard . 35 mary poppins some people look out on the sea and see a brand new day there spirit lift they high above the blue yet ... some other wear a anchor and they sink in second flat so ... perhap we 've learnt when day be do some STUFF and nonsense could be fun ! mary poppins & child can you i-ma-gine that ! Mary poppin pull the string of the bathtub stopper . Water rush up through the drain , and a whirlpool open up beneath the tub . everyone tumble about as the tub spin down into the yawn vortex , spin faster and faster ... match CUT to : int . the bathroom - day «+. water swirl down the drain . the child be back in the bathroom , wrap in towel . all that 's leave in the tub be the toy duck . the child watch in mute awe as Mary poppin pick it up and slip into she carpetbag , close the latch just as the song end . int . the parlor / the library - day Michael pull book off of shelf , search for the share document ; aunt Jane look through the bottom drawer of the secretary desk , pull out stack of pencil drawing . Michael turn to aunt Jane . michael anything ? aunt jane no , just you drawing , and bill - and nothing else . michael ( after a beat : ) then it 's not here . the child can be hear come downstairs as Michael take the drawing from aunt Jane and toss they onto the floor . the child ( 0.s. ) ( overlap : ) Father , aunt Jane ! / you will not believe it ! / it be incredible ! 36 the child appear in the doorway , Mary poppin behind they . georgie we go sailing ! michael not now , please - JOHN but it really happen ! tell they , Mary poppin ! mary poppins I have no idea what you be all talk about . georgie we swim through a pirate ship - michael enough - please ! the child 's wonder have fade in a instant . annabel you be right , father . we be sorry . she take georgie 's hand and turn to go . michael ( contrite : ) no , wait - I be sorry . I do not mean to be cross with all of you . I have just lose something very important . aunt jane and we will find it . I be sure you grandfather just tuck it away somewhere for safekeep - ( a realization : ) the bank ! do not father have a safety deposit box in the bank ? michael yes , he do ! aunt jane well , let 's go ! michael it 's close . aunt jane we will go first thing in the morning . michael wo not we need a key ? 37 aunt jane there 's a whole drawer full of key up in father 's desk . michael be there ? aunt jane yes . Michael and aunt Jane hurry out of the room . Mary poppin shake she head , dismay at the mess they have leave behind . mary poppins my goodness , gracious , glory I ! you would think by now they have have learn to pick up after themselves . as she pick up a piece of paper and drop it into the rubbish bin , the other papers on the floor magically rise into the AIR , swirl around the room , then collect themselves together and fall neatly into the rubbish bin . one final drawing land gently on top of the rest . mary poppins ( cont would ) Cleaning be not a spectator sport , I nil remind you . John , annabel , put all the book back on the shelf - ( handing georgie the bin : ) - georgie bank , come back here . take out this rubbish , would you ? georgie yes , Mary poppin . mary poppins there 's a good boy . off you go , spit spot . int . kitchen - continuous as georgie struggle to carry the bin , he pause to look at the final draw that land in the pile , which show a playful depiction of the house in happier time , when mother be still alive . in the draw , Father stand in front of the house with he arm around John and annabel and mother cradle georgie in she arm . everyone beam with happiness . georgie take the draw out of the bin , fold it and put it in he pocket . ext . the bank - day establishing shot - the next morning . it be raining ; a sea of black umbrella swirl along the sidewalk outside the bank . 38 int . the bank vault - day close on a safety deposit box . Michael flip through a small stack papers as aunt Jane watch . he find nothing . michael well . that 's that . Michael put everything back into the box and gesture for a bank officer to lock it away again . aunt jane what about Mr. daw , jr.? could not he give you more time ? michael I be sure he would if he be still here . daw 's nephew have be run thing lately . I be not even sure he know who I be . aunt jane ( she rise , head for the door : ) well , it 's high time he find out , do not you think ? michael Jane - ? Jane ! int . the bank , MAIN floor - continuous by the time Michael leave the vault , aunt Jane be halfway across the bank . he try to get aunt Jane 's attention as she stride up the staircase at the far end of the main floor . michael ( whisper : ) Jane ... Jane ! int . outside mr . wilkin 's office - continuous michael we can not just charge into he office . aunt Jane arrive at the desk of miss penny farthing ( 30 ) , Mr. Wilkins 's receptionist ; Michael be not far behind . aunt jane hello , miss ... ( off she name plaque : ) .+. penny farthing , be it ? heavens , do the old secretary finally retire ? ( more ) 39 aunt jane ( cont would ) she always have that jar of sweet on the desk that we would raid as child - mr . wilkin ( 5as , patrician , sport a thin , wax mustache ) , stick he head out of he office , a kindly smile on he face . wilkin I remember that jar - with that little toffee that stick you tooth together . we must get you one of that jar , miss farthing . miss farthing of course , sir . wilkin this would not happen to be you sister , would it , Mr. bank ? aunt jane yes - Jane bank . how do you do ? they shake hand . wilkin great pleasure to meet you -- William weatherall Wilkins . ( waving they in :) do step this way . Michael blink , surprised . aunt Jane smile . int . wilkin 's office - day a short time later : Wilkins sit at the desk , examine paperwork as Michael and aunt Jane look on . he have a enormous office with a roaring fireplace and a view of Big Ben out the window behind he desk . wilkin if I have know George bank 's son have take a loan with we , I have have handle the paperwork myself . unfortunately , regard the extension , there 's very little I can do at this point . michael we father do leave we share in the bank . this be news to Wilkins . he look up , smile with interest . wilkin oh , well , that be good news . 40 aunt jane yes , it be , but the trouble be , we can not seem to find the share certificate . michael you would not happen to have any record of we father 's share , would you ? wilkin I would think so . ( tapping he intercom : ) would you bring in the shareholder 's ledger , miss farthing ? miss farthing ( intercom ) right away , Mr. Wilkins . aunt jane what about you uncle , Mr. daw , Jr .? he would know if we father receive share , would not he ? Wilkins sigh , gesture to a portrait of he uncle . wilkin I be afraid dear old uncle daw be get on in year . ( he tap he temple . ) '' non compos mentis " '' - which , sadly , be why I have to take over for he . ah - thank you , miss farthing . miss farthing have enter . she hand Wilkins the ledger and leave . Wilkins flip page , run a finger along the column . aunt Jane wilkin ( cont would ) let 's see . babcock , baker. hmm . there 's no list of George bank here . but do not despair . ( point out the window to Big Ben : ) you still have until that big fellow out there chime he last on Friday night to find that certificate . I will keep search here as well . and Michael rise . michael thank you so much , Mr. Wilkins . they shake hand . as Michael and aunt Jane head to the door : 4l aunt jane yes , thank you . it be such a pleasure to meet you . Michael and aunt Jane leave . Wilkins absently take out he pocket watch , swinging it . he hit he intercom button . wilkin bring I all of George bank 's old file , would you ? miss farthing ( intercom ) of course , Mr. Wilkins . Wilkins walk round to he chair , swinging he pocket - watch , and reopen the ledger . he turn to a page with the name GEORGE bank write in bold letter . he tear the page out and toss it into the flame . int . the nursery - evening the child be already in bedclothes and robe when Mary poppin enter , carry a neatly - fold pile of child 's clothing . she see georgie jump on the bed . mary poppins georgie ! this be a nursery , let I remind you , not a music hall . georgie can we have another bath ? mary poppins oh , pish posh . ( turn : ) John , you would best go downstairs and - crash ! from downstairs come the sound of break glass . mary poppins ( cont would ) - help ellen put away the dish . JOHN yes , Mary poppin . he go . Mary poppin head for the wardrobe . annabel intercept she , reach for the clothes . annabel here - I can put that away myself . mary poppins very well . Mary poppin glance to the break kite which lean against georgie 's bed . sternly : 42 mary poppins ( cont would ) georgie bank - if you be hope I ' 1l let you take this sadly - neglect kite to the park tomorrow , you have better start patching it up this instant . georgie ( smiling : ) yes , Mary poppin . int . dine room - evening ellen be on a chair , do she best to put dish on a high shelf in the china cabinet . John enter just as ellen be about to drop they . JOHN here - let I help you with that . ellen oh - there 's a good lad . such a help you be . ( she kick the break plate away : ) I only wish I could do somethin’ to ‘elp you father save this old house . ( a beat . she consider . ) I could sell my broach and necklace , I suppose - match set , my old mum give ‘em to I . ellen pick up a large platter and hold it out to John . JOHN you would do that for we ? ellen pull the platter away and hold it to she chest . ellen what ?? sell my prize possession ? JOHN oh no , I do not mean it like that . ellen oh , do not worry . ( she hand he the platter . confidentially : ) I think they be fake , anyway . ( hand over serve bowl ) there 's plenty in this house worth more than they old trinket . John stare at the china soup tureen he 's hold . he quickly pass it back to ellen and rush out of the room . 43 JOHN if you will excuse I , ellen - ellen what 's get into ‘im ? int . the nursery - evening georgie sit on he bed , gillie at he side . he use scissors to cut up he father 's draw of the family and patch he kite with the piece . annabel be put toy back in the toy chest when John come rush back in . JOHN ( with quiet urgency : ) annabel - I know how to save the house ! annabel what do you mean ? Mary poppin enter from she room , crossing to shut the drape . mary poppins if you two be go to keep up all this whisper , I would like you to practice do so as loudly as possible . it will still be bad manners , but at least then we will all be in on the secret . Mary poppin notice Jack polish one of the brass lamp on the front portico of the house . she open the window . mary poppins ( cont would ) hello , Jack ! Jack smile . he swing himself up onto the portico , climb along the ledge to the nursery window and onto the balcony . jack Mary poppin ! how be you this fine evening ? mary poppins settle in quite nicely , thank you . jack ( climb up : ) y’know , when I be a lad , I use to wave up to the boy and girl who live here . mary poppins you mean Michael and Jane . 44 jack miss Jane bank , that 's right . I see Mr. bank about now and again -— it 's be age since I have see she . now that Mary poppin 's back be turn , John tap annabel on the shoulder and hurry over to the mantelpiece . they talk in whisper . mary poppins she life in a flat on the other side of town now . I be sure you will bump into she one of this day . across the room : John take the china bowl off the mantelpiece . it have a illustration of a autumn scene in a park , with leave fall from the tree . a carriage drive along a wind path . a clydesdale horse in mid-gallop be hitched to the carriage . we see the coachman from the back ; he wear a top hat and high collar , and hold a whip in he hand . annabel ( whisper : ) what be you do ? we be not suppose to touch that . JOHN ( look closely at the bowl : ) this be authentic Royal doulton china , annabel . mother always say it be priceless , and I bet it will be enough to pay off father 's debt . annabel grab the bowl off John . he grab it back from she . annabel that 's a terrible idea , John . mother love that bowl . JOHN but she have sell it herself to save the house . georgie see John hold the bowl and hurry over . georgie that be mother 's - put that back ! ( grabbing for the bowl : ) put it back ! annabel here - give it to I . Jack now sit on the windowsill , chat with Mary poppin . he lower he voice , lean in : 45 jack it 's a good thing you come along when you do , Mary poppin . as they tussle , the bowl slip and hit the floor , crack it and break a wedge - shape piece from the rim . jack ( cont would ) ( wincing : ) that do not sound good , now do it ? John pick up the bowl . Mary poppin do not turn . mary poppins what be the three of you up to ? the child look at one another in a panic . John look at the bowl , and see a piece miss . JOHN ( a urgent whisper : ) give I the miss piece ! annabel I have not get it ! JOHN well look for it then ! John place the bowl back on the mantelpiece . mary poppins which of you break the bowl ? the three turn back around . Mary poppin stand before they , Jack behind she . she hold the miss piece in she hand . JOHN georgie do . georgie I do not ! it be annabel . annabel if John have not take it off the mantel ! the child all start argue at the same time . a voice come from the bowl behind they . 1st voice ( horse - 0o.s. ) ( work - class accent : ) actually , it be all three of they . the child turn , bewilder , glance over to the door and the window , wonder where the voice come from . 46 JOHN who say that ? Mary poppin walk up and peer at the bowl . mary poppins oh , dear . they all peer at the bowl . the illustration have change - the crack have cause one of the carriage wheel to fall off , and the carriage have tip onto its axle . the horse now stare directly out of the bowl at the child , while the coachman peer down at the break wheel . annabel look - the picture 's change . we see Mary poppin and the group peer into the bowl from the horse 's '' fish - eye lens '' point of view . mary poppins it look as though they have break you carriage wheel . 2nd voice ( coachman - o.s. ) ( irish accent : ) that they have . it 's useless now . horse ( 0.s. ) useless as a chocolate teapot . JOHN the bowl be speak ! coachman ( 0.s. ) and who do we think be go to fix that ? jack ay , there 's the riddle . they what break it fix it . that 's what I say . what do you think , Mary poppin ? mary poppins ( irritate : ) I suppose we have no choice . JOHN ( Wide -ey : ) but how be we go to do that ? jack I know a bit about fix carriage . annabel we can not fix they carriage wheel . it be not possible ! 47 mary poppins everything be possible - even the impossible . Mary poppin take the bowl , set it on a small table in the center of the nursery and press the miss piece back in place . mary poppins ( cont would ) now , gather ' round everyone - spit , spot ! they do so . mary poppins ( cont would ) georgie , do not forget gillie ! be we ready ?! the child watch in astonishment as Mary poppin spin the BOWL on the table . colorful leave fly out of the bowl in all direction , fill the air and swirl around everyone , cover they completely . when the leave fall away , they find themselves in ... ext . a path through the park ( animated ) - day ... the animated world of the doulton china bowl . Jack and the child be stunne to discover they be now wear turn - of - the-century dress . Mary poppin hold a elegant parasol . while they be still very much real , everything around they be animated . georgie wow ! JOHN what just happen ? annabel where be we ? Jack lift a finger , tapping the air behind he - we hear the ' tink , tink ' of he finger against the bowl . jack look like we be in China , so to speak . Mary poppin slide down a porcelain slope to the carriage . mary poppins over here , everyone - this wheel will not fix itself . the other manage the slope much less gracefully ; 48 mary poppins ( cont would ) tread lightly , please - this be fine porcelain , we do not want to chip the glaze . georgie lose he balance completely and tumble down to the other . mary poppins ( cont would ) oh georgie - head up and foot beneath you . ( turn to the carriage : ) Excuse I , driver , would you help we ? the coachman turn . the child see that he 's actually a irish setter in uniform . coachman well , Mary poppin ! be it yourself ? JOHN but he 's - ! annabel but you be - ! coachman that 's right : I be irish - also part poodle . ( bark ) woof ! mary poppins how wonderful to see you , shamus . so sorry about all this . would you help Jack lift the carriage while the child put the wheel back on ? coachman with pleasure ! georgie ( amaze : ) she 's talk to a dog ! horse well , of course she can talk ! mary poppins take you place , everyone . ready ? ... and lift ! Jack and the coachman lift the carriage . the child put the wheel on . Mary poppin use she scarf to tie it in place . 49 mary poppins ( cont would ) ( as she tie the scarf : ) let 's see now , this should do it . there we be - shipshape . coachman not a bad job at all . horse s'pose it 'il have to do . Mary poppin finish tie the scarf around the wheel . mary poppins back to the nursery we go . annabel back already ? JOHN can not we stay in the bowl for a while ? georgie I want a carriage ride . jack I would not mind one m’self . mary poppins I suppose it would not do any harm . shamus , would you mind ? coachman not in the least . climb aboard , everyone ! annabel , JOHN and georgie hooray ! coachman ( as they climb aboard : ) mind the step . Plant yourselves comfy ! where would you all like to go this fine day ? mary poppins the Royal doulton Music Hall , please . JOHN where ? georgie what 's that ? 50 mary poppins we be on the brink of a adventure , child - do not spoil it with too many question . coachman let 's go , clyde ! the coachman crack he whip in the air and the horse trot along the cobblestone , hoof clanking on the china . '' the royal doulton music hall " mary poppins in the nursery , you be never by yourself there be quite another world upon you shelf jack hold on ! the carriage climb up the side of the bowl and turn upside down as it follow the path up the edge of the bowl and cross over the lip . mary poppins where each day crowd make there way upon the SUN 's descent to a mythical mystical never quite logistical tent ! the carriage turn right side up again . yes in this dearly dynamical simply ceramical royal doulton BOWL there 's a cuddly and curious furry and furious animal watering hole two hummingbird land on Mary poppin 's finger . she show they to Jack . where the monkey and hummingbird know the tune and the word every beast large and SMALL the hummingbird fly away , lead we to a elegant family , walk along the path beside they ; Jack and the child be astound to see beak and snout stick out from under they parasol and top hat . love the very top drawer -able always encore -able royal doulton ... ---music hall ! 51 coachman nearly there , Mary poppin ! georgie climb to the front of the carriage and sit next to shamus . Jack sit across from Mary poppin . they pass a giraffe riding a penny farthing . georgie be amaze and show gillie the giraffe . mary poppins & jack yes in this marvelous , mystical rather sophistical royal doulton BOWL a gang of monkey swing over the carriage . jack there 's a lotta bird queuing up ( a monkey land on Jack 's head : ) a lotta ham chewing up scenery they swallow whole georgie swap hat with shamus . there be lotsa cat tuning string mary poppins nightingale in the wing mary poppins & jack waiting for there big drum roll elaborate gate open ahead of they . jack at the simply sensational mary poppins stand ovation - al they pass through the gate with the word '' royal doulton music hall '' scroll into they ironwork . mary poppins & jack royal doulton ... mary poppins , jack & child -.-music hall the carriage come to a stop in a large open space . coachman here we be ! annabel but ... where 's the music hall ? 52 mary poppins oh , yes - that . silly I . Mary poppin open she parasol and spin it in the air . pull back to reveal that the parasol have transformed into a enormous ... ext . music hall tent ( animated ) - night it be now nighttime . Mary poppin , Jack and the child find themselves in line at the grand music hall tent , which be festoon with light . the child be astound . JOHN / annabel / georgie wow ! annabel how on Earth do she do that ? jack ( shrug : ) one thing you should know about Mary poppin - she never explain anything . wolf ( 0.s. ) hurry , hurry - only a few seat leave ! a wolf with a thin wax mustache act as barker , swinging he pocket watch in a manner that make he look suspiciously like Wilkins . a badger and a weasel sell ticket behind he look remarkably like good and frye . wolf ( cont would ) get ticket while you can for the one- night only , one and only - ! ( see she : ) Mary poppin ! what a honor it be to have you join we this evening . mary poppins thank you . wolf and who 's this I see ? why , it 's John , annabel and georgie bank ! JOHN you know we ? wolf of course - everyone know the bank child . 53 badger we have all be watch you in the nursery for year . weasel it 's so good to finally meet you . wolf hurry along now - get yourselves some peanut and candy floss and go right on in . georgie May we , Mary poppin ? mary poppins yes - just keep away from the edge of the bowl . they hurry off . int . music hall tent ( animated ) - continuous Inside , dancing flamingo showgirl finish up the pre-show act . flamingo showgirl .-.. at the highly -acclaimable nearly untameable lavishly praisable always roof -raise -able royal doulton ... +--+ music hall ! enthusiastic animal patron fill the tiere seating that surround the stage . Mary poppin , Jack and the child hurry to front - row seat . John sit down and immediately jump up again . he turn to see a hedgehog family on the seat beneath he . Mr. hedgehog doff he cap . John smile back and sit one seat in . applause . light out . drum roll . rimshot - a spotlight hit center stage . the child be surprised to see Jack , who be just next to they , now stand in the spotlight . jack buck and mare , cub and do - welcome to we show of show ! georgie place gillie in Jack 's now - empty seat . jack ( cont would ) it be my great honor to introduce this evening 's renowned guest ... the one , the only mary poppins ! 54 the crowd go wild . Jack bound to the front of the stage to offer she he hand . Mary poppin join he onstage . audience sing for we , Mary poppin ! jack C ’mon - have a go ! mary poppins ( dismissively : ) oh , I have not sung in year . four '' familiar '' penguin peak they head out from the center split of the stage curtain . penguin please , Mary poppin ? please ... mary poppins no , I could not possibly . ( to the orangutan conductor : ) D flat Major . as she step into the spotlight , the curtain part just enough to reveal a large , open book that act as a dress screen , with a bowler hat and hook cane hang on it . the penguin push the set forward as Mary poppin step behind the screen and transform into character . '' br cover be not the book '' mary poppins ( cont would ) uncle gutenberg be a bookworm and he live on charing cross the memory of he volume bring a smile he would read I lot of stories when he wasn't on the sauce now i'd like to share the wisdom of my favorite bibliophile he say ... the dress screen fly out , revealing Mary poppin in full costume . the stage curtain open fully , revealing a set compose of pile of enormous book . a cover be not the book so OPEN it up and take a look cause under the cover one discover that the king may be a crook chapter title be like sign and if you read between the line you'll find you first impression be mistook for a cover be nice but a cover be not the book ! 55 audience ta-ru-ra-lee ta-ra-ta-ta - of ta-ru-ra-lee ta-ra-ta-ta-ta penguin # 1 Mary poppin , could you give we a example ? mary poppins certainly ! a oversize book on stage magically open , create a victorian '' pop - up '' set on which she perform . '' nellie rubina " be made of wood but what could not be see be though her trunk up top be barren well , her root be lush and GREEN so in spring when mr . hick ’ry saw her blossom bloomin 's there he take root ( despite her bark ) and now there's seedling everywhere ! Jack slide down a book and join she in the song and dance . mary poppins & jack which prove a cover be not the book so OPEN it up and take a look cause under the cover one discover that the king may be a crook jack chapter title be like sign mary poppins and if you read between the line mary poppins & jack you'll find you first impression be mistook for a cover be nice but a cover be not the book ! jack shall we do the one about the '' wealthy widow ? '' mary poppins by all mean ! jack always love that one ! mary poppins oh go on then . a second book open ; another '' pop - up '' set appear . jack " lady hyacinth macaw " bring all her treasure to a reef 56 mary poppins where she only wore a smile jack plus two feather and a leaf mary poppins so no one tried to rob her cause she barely wore a stitch jack for when you 're in you birthday suit mary poppins and jack there ain't much there to show you're rich ! mary poppins , jack & all oh , a cover be not the book so OPEN it up and take a look cause under the cover one discover that the king may be a crook ta-ru-ra-lee ta-ru-ra-la ta-ru-ra-lee ta-ra-ta-ta mary poppins & jack you'll find you first impression be mistook ( ya-da-da - da ) for a cover be nice but a cover be not the book ! mary poppins give we the one about the '' dirty rascal , '' why do not you ? jack ( aside , worried : ) be not that one a bit long ? mary poppins well the quick you be into it , the quick you be out of it . the final '' pop - up '' book open . Mary poppin turn to the conductor , tapping she cane on the stage in double time . the tempo get very fast . Jack , wide - eye , launch into a '' period rap '' of sort as he scale the set . jack once upon a time / in a nursery rhyme / there be a castle with a king / hiding in a wing / cause he never went to school to learn a single thing he have scepter and sword / and a parliament of lord / but on the inside he be sad / egad !/ because he never have a wisdom for number / a wisdom for word / though he crown be quite immense / he brain be smaller than a bird ( more ) 57 jack ( cont would ) so the queen of the nation / made a royal proclamation / " to the missus and the messer , / the more or lesser , / bring I all the land 's professors " / then she went to the hair dresser and they come from the east / and they come from the south / from each college / they poured knowledge / from there brain into he mouth but the king couldn't learn / so each professor met there fate / for the queen have there head removed / and place upon the gate / and on that date / I state / there wive all got a note / there mate be now the late great ! but then suddenly one day / a stranger start in to sing / he say " i'm the dirty rascal / and i'm here to teach the king ! '' and the queen clutched her jewel / for she hate royal fool / but this fool have some rule / they really ought to teach in school like you'll be a happy king / if you enjoy the thing you 've got / you should never try to be / the kind of person that you're not so they sang and they laughed / for the king have found a friend / and they ran onto a rainbow for the story 's perfect end / so the moral be you mustn't let / the outside be the guide / for it's not so CUT and dried / well unless it's dr . jekyll , / then you better hide / petrified ! no , the truth can't be denied / as I have now have testified / all that really count and matter / be the special STUFF inside ! Jack reach the top of the set as the audience cheer . audience hooray !... he do it ! Mary poppin burst through the back of the pop - up set , rejoining Jack and lead the penguin and a chorus line of dancing animal down a grand staircase . mary poppins , jack & all oh , a cover be not the book so OPEN it up and take a look cause under the cover one discover that the king may be a crook mary poppins so please listen to what we've say 58 jack and OPEN a book tonight in bed mary poppins & jack so one more time before we get the hook jack sing it out strong ...! audience & animal a cover be nice mary poppins please take our advice audience & animal a cover be nice jack or you'll pay the price ! audience & animal a cover be nice mary poppins , jack & animal audience & child but a cover be not the book !!! ta-ru-ra-lee ta-ru-ra la-la-la !!! the crowd cheer . in the audience , georgie notice that gillie be go . he look around ; the Wolf be casting a large shadow onto the canvas wall of the tent as he swing he pocket watch outside . the shadow of the badger and the weasel come into view as they cross back and forth carry thing . georgie recognize one of the item as gillie . georgie gillie ! as Mary and Jack take they bow , annabel suddenly realize that georgie be go . annabel where 's georgie ? JOHN I do not know . they look over just as he leave through a tent flap . they panic and rush after he . ext . behind the music hall tent ( animated ) - night georgie come out of the tent . the Wolf , badger and weasel stand near a period move van - a motorize cab with a old - fashioned steam engine that pull a slatted wagon . 59 they be load the wagon with all the real belonging from the child 's nursery ( not animated ) . georgie what be you do ? wolf well , well - if it be not the boy who crack the bowl . we have wait a long time for you bank child to come and visit we - so we could pay a visit to you nursery . georgie but that be we thing ! wolf not anymore , they be not . georgie give gillie back ! georgie rush at the wagon , grab gillie out of the back . the badger try to grab it back , but georgie will not let go . georgie ( cont would ) he 's mine ! my mother make he for I ! John and annabel run out from the tent , shouting . annabel hey ! leave we brother alone ! the Wolf crank the engine and climb into the cab . wolf time to go , boy ! the badger and the weasel throw boy and giraffe together into the wagon . they slam the slatted door and jump into the cab . the move van roar off through the back gate , engulf annabel and John in exhaust smoke ... georgie annabel ! help ! John ! annabel and JOHN georgie ! John and annabel chase after georgie ... ext . darker path through the park ( animated ) - night +. down far darker , more ominous path than the lovely cobblestone road that lead up to the gate . 60 JOHN we be come georgie ! georgie ( shout : ) let I go ! I want to go home ! wolf ( Calling back : ) what home ? you have lose you home ! the twin give chase , but the move van be get away - they slow down , exhaust , when suddenly the carriage drive by the coachman appear out of the shadow behind they . John and annabel gasp . a hand reach down and pull they into the carriage . seamus turn around to they . annabel shamus ! JOHN clyde ! coachman that 's right - it 's we ! horse let 's go get you brother back ! the chase be on . the two vehicle screech and slide on the china 's glaze surface . coachman we be gain on they ! wolf give it more speed ! the badger shovel more coal into the steam engine . as the van bank up the side of the bowl , georgie be throw to the side of the tipping wagon . the carriage be close in . coachman giddy up , big fella ! the carriage tip and drive up the side of the bowl . the Wolf swerve leave and right cut they off . the carriage close the gap . coachman ( cont would ) ( to horse : ) almost there . John reach out to georgie . 61 JOHN georgie ! the carriage manage to pull alongside the move van . the twin ready themselves . JOHN ( cont would ) ready , and - now ! - and they leap onto the wagon . coachman well do child ! horse give ‘em what for ! the carriage recede into the distance . wolf get rid of they ! weasel but , sir - wolf you hear I ! the weasel and the badger climb out and crawl towards the child . John and annabel look down at georgie . annabel oh georgie ! be you alright ? John look up . JOHN annabel , look . annabel turn and see the badger and weasel close in . she reach down , grab a cricket bat from the nursery belonging and swing at the weasel . the bat miss they and go fly , chipping the bowl . the chip hit the badger , who slam into the weasel , knock both off the wagon . JOHN ( cont would ) ( to annabel : ) stay with georgie . annabel lower herself into the wagon . she hug georgie . they watch as John crawl forward . annabel be careful ! 62 georgie what be you do ? John pull out the pin , detach the wagon from the cab . annabel he do it ! John make he way along the bar back towards the wagon and climb into the carriage . the Wolf grab the stoke shovel and swing it hard , hit the bowl and create a deep crack in the bowl which travel towards the child 's wagon . the wagon wheel hit the crack which splinter off . they fly up the side of the bowl like a runaway roller coaster . the Wolf lose control of the cab and careen off a bridge into the water . the frighten child see a ominous sign ahead : '' caution : Edge of bowl ! '' annabel ( cont would ) oh no ...! the child the edge of the BOWL ! the child scream as the wagon fly off the edge . they fall into space , twist and turn in slow motion ... end of animation sequence . int . the nursery - night georgie be in he bed , back in he nightclothes again . he toss and turn in he sleep . Mary poppin sit next to he . mary poppins it 's alright , georgie , it 's alright . you be be have a nice sort of nightmare , I must say . Mary poppin turn on he bedside lamp . georgie you be right , Mary poppin ! a cover be not the book ! we think they be nice , but they be mean ! mary poppins whatever be you talk about ? georgie they try to take gillie ! 63 mary poppins gillie be right here , sleep - as you should be . she move the giraffe next to georgie . georgie but it be real ! they steal all we thing , and the wolf say we be never go to see we home again . mary poppins that 's absurd . Mary poppin stand go to shut the window . she see Jack cycle away outside , he wave up to she as he go . John and annabel climb out of they bed , awake as well . JOHN but I have a nightmare like that , too . annabel ( turn on light : ) so do I . it seem awfully real . georgie I do not want to lose we home . georgie move over and sit on annabel 's bed , cuddle gillie . JOHN you see , georgie ? that 's why we want mother 's bowl ; we be go to sell it to save the house . georgie ( after a beat . ) I miss mother . the room fall silent . something flicker ever so briefly in Mary poppin 's eye , and then she speak . mary poppins listen to the three of you . you be all worry far too much . after all , you can not lose what you have never lose . georgie I do not understand . '' the place where lost thing go " mary poppins do you ever lie awake at night just between the dark and the morning light ( more ) 64 mary poppins ( cont would ) searching for the thing you used to know looking for the place where the lost thing go do you ever dream or reminisce ? wondering where to find what you truly miss well maybe all that thing that you love so be waiting in the place where the lost thing go memories you've share gone for good you fear they 're all around you still though they 've disappeared nothing's really left or lost without a trace nothing's gone forever only out of place ... Mary poppin put John back to bed and tuck he in . she tuck annabel into she bed . so maybe now the dish and my best spoon be playing hide and seek just behind the moon waiting there until it's time to show spring be like that now , far beneath the snow hiding in the place where the lost thing go Mary poppin take georgie 's hand and lead he back to bed . now , time to get some sleep . and in the morning , bright and early , we will take that bowl to my cousin and have it mend . ( she tuck georgie in . ) time to close you eye so sleep can come around for when you dream , you'll find all that's lost be found maybe on the moon or maybe somewhere new maybe all you're missing live inside of you ... so , when you need her touch and loving gaze gone but not forgotten be the perfect phrase Mary poppin walk over to the window , look out toward a bright star in the night sky . smiling from a STAR that she make glow trust she' always there , watching as you grow find her in the place where the lost thing go Mary poppin walk out of the nursery , close the pocket door that lead to she room . annabel , get up , crossing to look out the window at the star . 65 after a moment , she turn to go back to bed , but then she notice the bowl on the mantelpiece . she peer at it , she eye grow wide . annabel ( quiet wonder : ) John ... look ! Mary poppin 's scarf . it be not a dream after all ... John cross to annabel 's side . she point at the carriage on the bowl ; Mary poppin ' scarf be tie around the break wheel . John be amaze . JOHN shall we tell she ? annabel we would better not . I expect she already know . int . mary poppins 's bedroom —- continuous Mary poppin peer into the nursery through the glass in the pocket door , have quietly listen to this last exchange . satisfied , she step away from the door . ext . admiral boom 's rooftop / house at 17 cherry tree lane - day aunt Jane walk up the lane to the family home , carry rally flyer ; Jack be dousing the street - lamp in front of the house . the door open on the roof of the Admiral 's house . binnacle push the Admiral out and blow he whistle . Big Ben begin to toll 8 a.m . the Admiral be enraged . admiral boom blast the devil - too soon ! why can not that pea-brain , Big Ben buffoon get it right ?! ( notice aunt Jane : ) ahoy , fair lady ! aunt jane ( turn to wave : ) good morning ! she turn back around just as Jack slide down the lamp pole . the two collide , aunt Jane 's flyer go everywhere . aunt jane ( cont would ) oh ! jack oh , dear - I be so sorry , miss ! 66 he scramble to help she pick they up . aunt jane oh , it 's alright - thank you - Mary poppin appear at the nursery window above . mary poppins good morning , Jane - I see you have bump into Jack . the child and I be head into town to get something fix . would you like to come with we ? aunt jane work call , I be afraid . we have a rally today . mary poppins that 's right . you ought to give Jack one of that flyer . Mary poppin disappear from the window . as Jack continue rescue aunt Jane 's flyer : jack you be miss bank , be not you ? I do not know if you remember I , but I use to wave to you when I have see you up there in that very window . in the background , ellen peer through the letter box . aunt jane ( smiling : ) why , yes - Jack . I remember . call I Jane , please . jack ' course I be much young then - aunt jane true - but you smile have not change a bit . ( she hand he a flyer . ) it 's this afternoon , if you can come . jack spruce , eh? good for you , Jane bank - all we lamplighter know what a fine job you be do for the worker . aunt jane we do we best . 67 jack you ever need a ladder raise or a lamp light , consider it do . aunt jane why thank you , Jack - thank you . int . the bank front entry hall — continuous ellen be still peer out through the letter box at Jack and aunt Jane when Mary poppin come down the stair carry the Royal doulton bowl in a cloth bag . she come up behind ellen . mary poppins Polishing the keyhole ? ellen look at that : miss Jane 's chattin’ with that ' andsome lamplighter - look as though he 's light ‘er up as well , do not it ? not that anythin’1l ever come of it - she say that ship have sail . mary poppins and I say there be always other ship . Michael rush down the stair with he briefcase , panicked . michael my alarm clock do not ring ! mary poppins oh , dear - let I help you . Mary poppin put the bowl down on a side table and take michael' briefcase , hand it to ellen . Michael get he coat from the rack and put it on while Mary poppin retrieve he hat and umbrella . michael I be go to be late ! that 's all I need . Mary poppin hand he only he hat and umbrella . mary poppins you be not late yet . off you go ! Mary poppin open the door as Michael run out . 68 ext . the house at 17 cherry tree lane - continuous Michael hurry out the front door of the house , barely notice Jack and aunt Jane as he pass they . a elegant woman approach from the opposite direction , hold a piece of paper with a address on it . aunt jane good morning , Michael . michael ( glancing back : ) hello - I have to run , forgive I . aunt jane watch where you be go ! Michael nearly run into the elegant woman on the sidewalk . michael sorry , excuse I — he dodge the woman and hurry off down the street . aunt jane ( shaking she head ) Michael ! elegant woman no it 's fine . I be look for number nineteen ... aunt jane and jack ( together ) just two door down . they share a laugh . elegant woman many thanks . sincerely . as the elegant woman continue on she way , ellen rush out hold he briefcase , follow by Mary poppin , carry the bowl , and the child . ellen Michael - you briefcase ! ( too late . he 's go . ) he have leave he ' ead on the breakfast table if it be not screw on . mary poppins here - I will take the briefcase . the child and I be head that way on a errand ; we can stop by the bank afterwards . 69 jack I will give you a lift . my round be do . he turn he ladder sideways , set it astride and fasten it to the rear fender of the bike . he buckle it up . mary poppins wonderful . jack all aboard - come on . georgie on the bicycle ? annabel but there be five of we . we can not all fit . JOHN the weight on that wheel alone - Mary poppin , how much do you weigh ? mary poppins how ... jack ( quickly intercede . ) never you mind about that - it 's a question of balance . Jack kick off the bike guard as Mary poppin put the briefcase in the front basket then hold the bicycle steady . jack ( cont would ) ( he lift annabel onto the bike . ) annabel here , and then John here . he balance they on one side of the ladder . ellen careful ! mary poppins ( to the twin . ) sit up straight . you be not flour bag . jack georgie , you be up front ... ( he set georgie on top of the briefcase . ) and Mary poppin , you here ... 70 mary poppins thank you . Mary poppin hop up onto the other side as Jack get on the bike . on the rooftop — admiral boom prime and ready , Mr. binnacle ? binnacle ready and charge , sir . down below -— jack ready everyone ? the child ready ! aunt jane ( to Mary poppin : ) be you sure this be quite safe ? mary poppins not in the slight . ready ! jack steady ... on the rooftop — admiral boom Three , two , one ... FIRE ! down below - jack go! boom ! Jack launch forward . the bike teeter , look certain to crash , then Jack get it under control and pedal off . ext . the STREET in front of cousin topsy 's shop - day Jack , Mary poppin and the child ride the precarious bicycle along a city street . mary poppins pull over right ahead . thank you , Jack . Jack stop at the entrance to a narrow alley . Mary poppin take the bowl as Jack help the child off the bike . mary poppins ( cont would ) off we go , jiggity - jog ! 71 ext . the alleyway , cousin topsy 's shop they go down a narrow alleyway past a series of eccentric - look shop . jack never notice this alley before . mary poppins clearly you have never have a Royal doulton bowl that want mend . ( gesture : ) straight ahead . they arrive at topsy 's repair shop - a little house at the end with a front door so low that everyone except georgie would have to duck to go inside . mary poppins ( cont would ) here we be . annabel read the sign that hang above the little door : annabel '' topotrepolovsky 's - all repair large and small fix - it shop . '' jack look as though it 's just a small fix - it shop today . mary poppins that 's just what we want . the bowl only need a small fix , after all . she rap on the door with the parrot head of she umbrella . parrot umbrella so now my head be a door knocker ? I suppose my beak might be useful for open can — mary poppins '' fuss , fuss , fuss '' - do not be so dramatic . Mary poppin rap on the door again , hear nothing . she push the tip of the umbrella through the letter box . mary poppins ( cont would ) cousin topsy ? topsy ( 0.s. ) ( a strangely untraceable Eastern european accent : ) Mary poppin - no ! for the love of all that be holy , do not come in ! 72 mary poppins do not be so rude ! topsy ( 0.s. ) please stay away , - it be second Wednesday today ! mary poppins second Wednesday ... oh dear , I would forget . still , today or never - that 's my motto . Mary poppin force the tip of the cane into the keyhole and thwacks the parrot on the top of the head . parrot umbrella ouch ! she twist the umbrella , open the lock , and go inside . mary poppins ( to the other : ) there we be . int . topsy 's workshop - continuous they pass through the tiny door into a narrow entry hall , the workshop just ahead . mary poppins follow I . topsy ( 0.s. ) ( annoy : ) so in you come . you do not listen to topsy . Mary reach the doorway to the workshop . almost instantly , the entire room begin to rotate , flipping upside down . nearly everything stay stick in place . topsy ( dramatic , bohemian , a restoration artist of the high order ) be at the top of a spiral staircase on the far side of the room ; she grip the railing as the room spin . topsy ( cont would ) oh , no - it have begin ! the room come to a stop with the floor where the ceiling should be . topsy now sit on the ceiling . a chandelier jut up like a fountain in the middle of the room . topsy ( cont would ) now , what do you want ? 73 mary poppins you have guest , cousin . you might at least greet they at the door . topsy and how be I to do that , please , when I be down here up on the ceiling ? mary poppins ( with a sigh : ) very well , we will come to you . Excuse I please , georgie . ( to the child : ) now this way please . be very careful on the way - up . Mary poppin make she way gracefully down the pile of break thing , the child and Jack follow she . topsy why be careful ? leave it all for topsy to fix . climb on my shelf , step on the toy , kick the little china doll in they face - mary poppins John , annabel , georgie and Jack - this be my cousin - topsy second cousin - many time remove . mary poppins tatiana antanasia cositori topotrepolovsky . topsy but you may call I topsy . jack ( to topsy : ) that 's a unusual accent you have get there - where be you from ? topsy well , it 's a interesting story ... mary poppins ( cut she off : ) we have no idea . ( take the bowl : ) we need you to fix this bowl , dear . topsy ( reeling back : ) no , no , no no - } ( more ) 74 topsy ( cont would ) it be , as I have tell to you , the second Wednesday of the month , when everything be turn turtle . annabel turn turtle ? what exactly do that mean ? topsy it mean my whole world go flippity - flop like a turtle on its back and I do not know my up from my down , my East from my West - ( flirt with Jack : ) - my topsy from my bottom - sy - mary poppins yes , I think we have all grasp the concept . topsy oh , good . that 's quick for you . topsy pick up a instrument that have be badly repair and show it to the child . topsy ( cont would ) you see , my little one ? anything I fix on second Wednesday go kerflooey . mary poppins ( Rolling she eye : ) kerflooey ... topsy ( nod , grim : ) yes. kerflooey . topsy throw the instrument across the room . mary poppins please , cousin , you have always say you could fix anything - topsy ( turn to annabel : ) sweet girl - you tell Mary poppin , who do not listen , that any other day , tatiana antanasia cositori topotrepolovsky can fix anything ... '' turning turtle '' if you ring with something broken on a thursday i'll make new with my glue , pin and thread what you bring - when I 've awoken - on a friday I will mend , and then spend the day in bed ! ( more ) no 75 topsy ( cont would ) child , '' satur '' , '' SUN '' , and '' mon '' day be just " everything be fun " day but in the second week I wear a frown for I know that after tuesday come the " topsy get bad news " day it 's the dread second wednesday !! when from nine to noon my life turn upside down !!! fast be slow , low be high stop be go and that be why every second wednesday be a hurdle from EIGHT to nine all be well then I rollover on my shell and all because the world be turning turtle ! ( Mary poppin try to hand topsy the bowl - she wave it away . ) ! day be night , dog be cat black be white , thin be fat ( and that be why i'm loosening up my girdle ! ) I cannot help this charming troupe don't mock I cause I ’m in the soup and why ? because the world be turning turtle ! oh , woe be I i'm as opposite as I can be I long for thursdays when the world be drab when will it cease ? now my life resembles " war and peace " ( that tolstoy certainly have the gift of gab ! ) I could not get through it ! bottom' top , yin be yang peace and quiet' sturm und drang tuesday night my blood begins to curdle east be west , in be out and that be why I need to shout oh , no ! the world be turning turtle oh , if you have come some other morn you wouldn't have found I so forlorn but since the day that I be born second wednesdays be on the fritz I couldn't mend this to save my soul if this keep up i'll dig a hole you say life 's a cherry BOWL but wednesdays be full of pit 76 jack ( holding up a drum : tell US , can you fix this drum ? topsy well , today it's looking glum ! JOHN ( holding a clarinet : ) can you mend this crack ? annabel ( pick up a crack bass : ) and broken string ? topsy well perhap if you all lend a hand jack and the child our finger be at you command ! mary poppins a broken songbird still can sing topsy let 's do '' the turtle swing ! '' they all play a hot jazz chorus - with John on bass , annabel on violin , georgie on xylophone and Jack go wild on the drum . Mary poppin conduct ; topsy dance like a whirling dervish . soon they be all dance . as the music build , topsy float up in the air and land on she head , upside down and thoroughly distraught . topsy ( cont would ) oh , woe be I now I ’m on my head how can that be ? mary poppins well , you say " woe " but I say " lucky you ! " topsy lucky I ?!? mary poppins yes ! here on you head " a " be far behind and LED by " zed " it's good to get a different point of view ! topsy I love you shoe . mary poppins you see ? when you world turn upside down , the best thing be to turn right along with it . 77 topsy oh , I do see ! from down here , thing look right side up . she laugh , delighted . jack I would not mind see thing from that angle . JOHN sound like fun . annabel can we ? mary poppins very well . flippity-flop . Mary poppin toss she umbrella into the air and everyone flip onto they head . annabel near be ... JOHN far be ... jack here be ... georgie «+. there ! mary poppins turtle turning everywhere ! topsy thing be getting clear ! mary poppins well , knock on wood , my dear . Mary 's parrot-heade umbrella land next to Mary poppin . mary poppins ( cont would ) when you change the view from where you stood the thing you view will change for good ! topsy flip back onto she foot . the other follow . topsy ( a light bulb moment : ) I never thought of thing that way mary poppins she never thought of thing that way 78 topsy now wednesdays be my favorite day jack & the child now wednesdays be her favorite day topsy cause that's the day i'm quite contrary and now thanks to cousin mary I have change , to be exact I love the fact ... all -.. the world be turning turtle !!! turtle !!! turtle !!! topsy reach for the bowl . Jack hand it to she . topsy come . give you bowl to I . no more be I afraid with this new point of view . mary poppins good ! JOHN ( to topsy : ) Excuse I , but do you have any idea how much we bowl might be worth ? topsy in money ? ( she look at the bowl , consider for a moment : ) not very much , I be afraid . but that do not make it any less beautiful . annabel but we mother say it be priceless . topsy yes , I be sure it be - to she . disappointment be visible in the eye of all three child . topsy ( cont would ) Mary poppin be right - for once . it be all in the way you look at thing . mary poppins thank you cousin . now come along , child . get you hat . the child all collect they hat and head out . 79 topsy and do not you worry about mother 's bowl . I will fix and make perfect for you . so you come back maybe next second Wednesday ! mary yes , spit-spot ! jack Nice meeting you , '' topsy turvy . '' topsy '' topsy turvy '' - I like it ! it 's catchy . ext . the alleyway , cousin topsy 's shop - day Mary poppin and Jack come out of the alleyway , the child lag behind , the twin talk quietly to one another . annabel now what do we do ? JOHN I have no idea . annabel well , like topsy say , maybe we should start look at thing differently - everyone look back as they hear loud creak and crash come from inside topsy 's shop . Mary poppin turn back and continue walk . mary poppins marvelous . it look as though thing be start to turn around for my cousin . ext . a STREET near the bank - day Jack , Mary poppin and the child ride down the street . JOHN Mary poppin , this be not the quick way to the bank . mary poppins ( curtly : ) well it be today . georgie look , there 's aunt Jane ! 80 the child aunt Jane ! aunt Jane walk just ahead , carry arm-load of rally poster and banner . Jack pull over , the child wave . mary poppins off to the rally , be you , Jane ? aunt jane yes - hello , everyone ! all still here thank goodness . no one fall off . jack say , I could come back and give you a hand with all that once I have drop the other at the bank . aunt jane oh no , no - please do not worry . I be perfectly fine . really . mary poppins oh , nonsense . the bank be just around the corner , and the child and I have plenty of leg to get we there . climb off , everyone - ready , and - jump . they do . Jack take the banner and poster from aunt Jane , tie they to the back of the bicycle . aunt jane be you sure you do not mind , Jack ? jack of course not . I be hope to stop by that rally of yours , anyway . aunt jane you be ? oh , good ! georgie you should ride up in the front basket . jack I think she ’1ll be better here . up you go now ! aunt jane here , be it ? yes . Jack help aunt Jane sit side - saddle on the bar of the bicycle in front of he . 81 aunt jane ( cont would ) where should I hold on ? jack ( to aunt Jane : ) ready ? aunt jane yes , as ready as I will ever be . oh -! aunt Jane burst out laugh , hold on for dear life as Jack pedal off down the street . Mary poppin and the child watch they cycle away together before Mary poppin decide - — mary poppins right , that 's enough . ext . the bank - day wide shot - outside , the bank be thronge with people as Mary poppin lead the child up the step . mary poppins step along , child . int . the bank - continuous Inside , the bank be a beehive of activity . Mary poppin enter with the child and stride purposefully toward the information desk , the child hurry to catch up . JOHN ( walk with annabel : ) there must be someone at this bank who could help we save we house . annabel I be sure father have already ask . JOHN well , we have not . maybe we can get they to see thing from a new point of view . mary poppins sit over there child . Mary poppin guide the child over to a bench , gesture for they to sit , then cross to the information desk clerk . mary poppins ( cont would ) good afternoon , I be look for Mr. - a postman interrupt , he arm full of parcel . 82 postman I nil need a signature for this , sir . information desk clerk of course - excuse I a moment . Mary poppin purse she lip , nettle . as she wait , she adjust she hat , gaze into the reflection of a brass lamp . on the reflection : the child be visible . good and frye also appear , have just enter the bank . frye see georgie , smile and wave . georgie wave back . annabel pointedly push georgie 's hand down . frye 's smile disappear ; he face cloud with guilt as he follow good upstairs . georgie ( to annabel : ) what do you do that for ? you hurt he feeling . annabel you do know who that man be , do not you , georgie ? georgie they be the lawyer . he 's the nice one . a beat . annabel turn to John . annabel maybe we could convince he to help we . JOHN Worth a try . ( glancing to the stair : ) today or never . that 's my motto . c'mon . on the reflection : Mary poppin watch the child as they lean in together , clearly plotting something . the postman leave , and the clerk turn back to Mary poppin . information desk clerk now , how may I help you ? mary poppins finally . I would like to see Mr. Michael bank ... on the reflection : the child sneak off . 83 int . staircase / outside wilkin 's office - day the child hurry up the stair , follow good and frye , who turn at the top of the step and disappear around the corner . the child sneak around the corner in pursuit , spying on the lawyer as they go into Wilkins 's office . miss farthing see they . miss farthing be there something I can do for you , child ? the twin freeze ; georgie , though , see the new jar of toffee on miss farthing 's desk . georgie May I have a sweet , please ? miss farthing yes of course , dear . you all can . she take the lid off the jar , gesture for they to come over . as they do so , the muffle voice of Wilkins and the lawyer can be hear emanate from behind the office door ... gooding Mrs. Clara corry , 42 chatsworth Way . frye evicted . gooding Mr. wallace trimlet , 96 digby Crescent . frye in foreclosure . gooding Mr. Michael bank , 17 cherry Tree Lane . frye in foreclosure . gooding miss muriel Brighton - Jones -— int . wilkin 's office - continuous wilkin how many repossession so far this month ? 84 gooding 19 , sir - and we have nearly that amount schedule for next week alone . wilkin who would have think this slump would be so good for business , eh ? frye ( gather he courage : ) I wonder , Mr. Wilkins , if , perhaps , as Michael bank be a employee , you might consider give he a few more week to pay off he loan . wilkin and lose we chance to get that house ? I do not like to lose , Mr. frye . ( hitting the intercom : ) do not I ask for tea , miss farthing ? int / ext . wilkin 's office - continuous miss farthing ( on the intercom : ) yes , sir . right away , Mr. Wilkins . ( to the child : ) why do not you all help yourselves ? miss farthing go off to get the tea . the child creep over to Wilkins ' door . annabel point to the sign on it . annabel ( whisper : ) '' Office of the Bank Chairman . '' we can not go in there . the child peer through the crack in the door , listen . frye ( nervously : ) it 's just that , well , he family have suffer tremendous hardship this past year , and - wilkin you be not give bank one second longer to pay off that loan - do I make myself clear ? Wilkins swing he pocket watch . from georgie 's Pov , he can see Wilkins 's shadow on the wall - as the firelight flicker , it change into the animated shadow he saw on the circus tent and back again . 85 georgie look ! JOHN shhh ! georgie it 's the wolf ! wilkin ( 0.s. ) in two day bank will be out on that street and the house will be ours . georgie shove the door open and charge into the office . JOHN georgie , no ! georgie you can not steal we house ! I be tell my father ! wilkin steal you - ? who be you ? frye this be the bank child . wilkin ... be they ? ( he smile . to georgie : ) come here , boy . I think you may have misunderstand - JOHN let 's go , georgie ! annabel run ! miss farthing back in , carry a large tea tray . wilkin Close that door , miss farthing . georgie and the twin race past miss farthing , ducking beneath the tea tray , nearly send it fly . wilkin ( cont would ) fool ! stop they ! miss farthing wheel round , try not to spill the tea , kick the door close after frye . good slam into the close door . 86 int . the bank , MAIN floor - continuous Michael come out into the lobby , where Mary poppin wait for he . she hold out he briefcase . mary poppins ah , there you be Michael . the child and I bring you you briefcase . michael oh , thank you . but ... where be the child ? the child come racing down the stair , with good , frye and Wilkins close behind . georgie father , help ! michael what be it ? what 's happen ? georgie ( point back : ) he 's the wolf try to steal we house ! michael what on Earth be you talk about ? Wilkins cross directly to Michael . wilkin I be afraid you child burst into my office just now , bank - michael what ?? wilkin I be just see if anything could be do about extend you loan , when they come in claim I be try to steal you house . annabel he be - we hear he ! michael Mr. Wilkins be try to help we ! JOHN then why be he chase we ? Wilkins dig into a pocket , pull out a handful of toffee . 87 wilkin I just think they might stop run about and make a scene if I offer they some sweet . michael I be so sorry , Mr. Wilkins . wilkin let 's just see it do not happen again - he place a toffee in georgie 's hand , one in John 's and one in annabel 's . wilkin ( cont would ) ( to the child : ) after all , you do not want you father lose he position on account of you , now do you ? ( stepping close to Michael , kindly : ) now , I know time be run short , bank , but I want you to have every chance to pay off that loan - I will stay in my office on Friday evening until the last stroke of midnight , you have my word . michael thank you , sir . wilkin ( turn to the lawyer : ) gentlemen - he gesture for they to follow he upstairs . as they go : annabel ( to she father : ) but Father , he really do it - michael not another word ! ( to Mary poppin ) take they home this instant . we 'il discuss this when I get back . mary poppins come along , child . Michael watch as Mary poppin lead they out . he turn away , tense , then go back to work . ext . side STREET near the bank - dusk 88 damp , grey fog settles over London as Mary poppin and the child return home . the child walk ahead of they nanny . JOHN now we have do it , have not we ? I do not think I have ever see father that upset with we before . georgie but we be tell the truth ! annabel that do not matter , georgie . we get he into trouble - and he do not even know we break mother 's bowl . JOHN everything we have try to fix , we have only make worse . ext . the street of london - dusk the child walk through the fog , deep in think . Mary poppin follow behind . they come to a crossroad . annabel pause , look around . the fog be get so thick it 's difficult to make out the building around they . annabel which way do we go , Mary poppin ? mary poppins why would you ask I ? the three of you be lead the way , after all . annabel we ? JOHN but we be - mary poppins - walk around in a fog . annabel no , we be not - I mean , yes , we be in a fog - but - JOHN - we be only talk . 89 mary poppins yes - too focus on where you have be to pay attention to where you be go . JOHN but father tell we to go straight home ! annabel he will be furious if we be late . mary poppins not much to be do about that now , be there ? georgie ( worried : ) be we lose , then ? jack ( 0.s. ) that would depend on where you want to go . a light appear through the fog . Jack smile down at they from a streetlamp that hang from a archway behind they . JOHN / annabel/georgie Jack ! jack at you service . Jack climb halfway down and sit on a ledge just above Mary poppin and the child , peer down at they . jack ( cont would ) say , what 's with all the glum face ? lose sixpence and find a penny ? annabel we have make a mess of everything . JOHN Father 's furious with we . georgie and we can not find we way home . jack ( not believe it : ) '' lose '' - be you , Mary poppin ? mary poppins hopelessly . 90 jack well now , I be no expert , but if ever I lose my way , I just look for a little light to guide I . '' trip a little light fantastic '' let 's say you're lost in a park , sure ... you can give in to the dark or ... you can trip a little light fantastic with I when you 're alone in you room you choice be just embrace the gloom or you can trip a little light fantastic with I for if you hide under the cover you might never see the day but if a spark can start inside you heart then you can always find the way so when life be gettin 's dreary just pretend that you 're a '' leerie '' as you trip a little light fantastic with I Jack jump onto a lamppost . JOHN what 's a leerie ? jack why , it 's what we lamplighter call ourselves , of course . he flicker the streetlamp on and off in a rhythmic pattern . jack ( cont would ) time to send out the call to arm : '' leeries , trip the light and lead the way . '' as a leerie light he lamp , we drop down to find Jack lead the group through the foggy street like the pied piper . he steer the child up curb and around pillar box . now when you 're stuck in the mist sure , you can struggle and resist or you can trip a little light fantastic with I now , say you're lost in the crowd well , you can stamp and scream out loud or you can trip a little light fantastic with I ahead , light continue to flicker on , lighting they way . one by one , leery appear out of the fog , gaze down from lamppost , acknowledge the child as they pass . 91 jack ( cont would ) and when the fog come rollin 's in just keep you feet upon the path mustn't mope and frown or worse lie down don't let it be you epitaph so when life be gettin 's scary be you own illuminary who can shine there light for all the world to see as you trip a little light fantastic with I ! a leerie love the edge of night though dim , to he the world look bright he's got the gift of second sight the leeries to trip a little light fantastic jack a leerie' job be to light the way the leeries to take the night and make it day jack we mimic the moon , yes , that's our AIM jack and the leeries for we're the keeper of the flame ! jack and if you 're deep inside a tunnel and there be no end in sight well , just carry on until the dawn it 's darkest right before the light ... they come to a dead end . a lamppost with a ornate base stand before they . JOHN now what do we do ? mary poppins just as Jack say - we follow the light . she step onto the base of the lamp , which magically disappear into the ground , create a unusually long lamppost . one by one , they all follow she , slide down the post like it 's a fireman 's pole . they arrive at the entrance to a drainpipe and duck into it . the leery voice echo inside the tunnel . jack as you ... 92 jack ( cont would ) trip a little light fantastic won 't you ... trip a little light fantastic come on ... trip a little light fantastic with I ! Jack , Mary poppin and the child arrive at ... ext . a abandoned park — continuous a abandon park with a unused fountain at its center , shroud in darkness . the street lamp and pathway of the park be silhouett only by moonlight . one by one , gas lamp flick on , revealing leery on every lamppost - until the entire park be glow with brilliant light . dance sequence - which include Jack and all the leery spin on lamppost and perform spectacular stunt on they bicycle . the leeries all dance round they lamp post , jump on and off . Jack join they , tipping he hat to angus and the other leeries . Jack and a small group of leeries dance in front of Mary poppin and the child . they join the other leeries on lamp post as other leeries on bike perform amazing stunt and parkour over travel ladder , follow by a ladder section . Jack , angus and the crew dance , jump up and spin round the lamp post . at the end of it , angus bound over to the child . angus come along - join we in a bit of kick and prance . JOHN what do he say ? jack kick and prance - it mean '' dance . '' it 's leerie speak . you do not say the word you mean ; you say something that rhyme , only - ( it 's hard to describe : ) here , I 'il show you how it work . angus ... give US you weep and wail ( more ) 93 jack ( cont would ) ( to the child , aside : ) to the rest of ya , that means : '' tale '' angus I be short of a sheet jack he be in the STREET angus just to tumble down the sink jack just to get himself a drink angus then I pinched what 's fatter jack he grabbed he ladder angus to smile and smirk jack and angus to work ! you see ? there 's nothing to it . annabel can you speak leerie , Mary poppin ? mary poppins ( a wide - eye glance : ) can I speak leerie ? jack of course she can . she 's Mary poppin ! georgie can we do it with you ? annabel and JOHN please ? mary poppins oh , very well then . jack Children ... tell US you sorry tale the leeries give US you weep and wail ! 94 JOHN well ... we have this BOWL ... mary poppins rabbit in the hole annabel that fell and broke ... mary poppins bicycle spoke JOHN so we take it to a shop ... mary poppins like a lollipop georgie and went upside -down ! mary poppins that's a circus clown JOHN then went to the bank ... mary poppins rattle and clank annabel got lost in the fog ... mary poppins lump on a log JOHN till we found a friend ... mary poppins to stand and defend annabel who take US on a trip ... mary poppins SNAP a horse's whip the child ( loudly : ) and we trip a little light fantastic mary poppins now that sound a little bit bombastic 95 jack ( softly : ) but they trip the light ... the child ( mimick he : ) we trip the light all ( explosive : ) let 's trip a little light fantastic ! the child join in the number , dance round the fountain with the leeries as Mary poppin look on from up top . the leeries all surround Mary poppin on the fountain . the leeries join we Mary poppin ! Mary poppin be lift off the fountain and join in the number with the leeries ... at the end of which , she perform a amazing bike spin and magically turn on the fountain . jack you have get it - now let 's get you all back home ! Jack and the leery lead Mary poppin and the child out of the park . all now if you life be gettin 's foggy that 's no reason to complain jack there 's so much in store inside the door all of 17 cherry tree lane Jack toss he leerie pole into the air , and ... ext . cherry tree lane - night «+. catch it on cherry Tree Lane . they continue through the fog toward the house , the leerie 's pole light to help guide the way . jack so when troubles be incessant simply be more incandescent for you light come with a lifetime guarantee as you ... 96 all trip a little light fantastic jack won ’t you ... all trip a little light fantastic jack come on ... all trip a little light fantastic ... jack with I !!! child & leeries went to the bank ! rattle and clank ! met with the boss ! pitch and toss ! got lost in the fog ! lump on a log ! all trip a little light fantastic !!! the revelry come to a halt as the door to the house swing open and Michael step out . michael where on Earth have you all be ? ( to Mary poppin : ) I tell you to bring they straight home . I have be worried sick ! the child stop in they track , startle . behind they , all the leery except for Jack have mysteriously disappear into the fog . annabel we be sorry we be late , father . it be not Mary poppin 's fault . JOHN we get lose in the fog . georgie Jack and the leery lead we down the ' frog and toad . 's mary poppins he mean ' road . 's michael so you have be off fill the child 's head with stuff and nonsense . I have hear quite enough - come in at once ! 97 jack best I take my leave . good night , Mary poppin . mary poppins good night , Jack . the child hurry inside , with Mary poppin follow they . Michael enter last , shutting the door firmly behind he . int . the bank front entry hall - continuous ellen be wait in the front entry hall as everyone enter . michael into the parlor - go on . the child obey . ellen do not be too ‘ard on ‘em , Sir . they be just child , after all . michael ( turn back , testily : ) of course they be child - my child - and I will deal with they as I see fit . now leave we to it . ellen yes , sir . she head into the kitchen . Mary poppin start upstairs . michael not you , Mary poppin . in here . mary poppins very well , sir . she follow Michael into ... int . the parlor - continuous -.+. where the child await sentence . Michael take a moment to get control over he emotion before he speak . michael you could have lose I my job - do you understand that ? a good position like mine be hard to come by this day . but there you all be , run about — ( turn to Mary poppin : ) ( more ) 98 michael ( cont would ) and I think that you , Mary poppin - I think you be here to look after this child . JOHN it be not she do , it be I . annabel it be we . we think maybe if we talk to Mr. frye , he could give you more time to save the house . JOHN we be only try to help . michael well , you do not help ! ( a deep breath : ) I know this have be a difficult year for we family , and I have do my best to keep the three of you from worry - but I can not do this alone . it 's too much . I be barely hold on as it be . I can not even seem to remember my briefcase in the morning , and there be no more time , we be about to lose this house - and I can not lose we home ... I just do not know what to do anymore , I do not know what to do . everything have fall to piece since you mother ... ( suddenly overcome . ) have not we lose enough already ? georgie ( after a beat . ) we have not lose mother . not really ... '' the place where lost thing go '' - reprise georgie ( cont would ) nothing 's gone forever only out of place ... so when we need her touch and loving gaze georgie and JOHN gone but not forgotten be the perfect phrase georgie , JOHN and annabel smiling from a STAR that she make glow georgie trust she' always there JOHN watching as we grow 99 annabel find her in the place georgie , JOHN and annabel where the lost thing go . michael ( deeply move : ) when do you all get so clever ? georgie last night . Mary poppin tell we ... georgie be about to say more when Mary poppin catch he eye and raise a finger to she lip , mouth a silent '' shh . '' Michael kneel in front of the child . michael I hope I be as clever as you when I grow up . you be right . you mother 's not go . she 's in you smile , georgie , and John 's walk , and annabel 's eye . and she ’1ll always be with we wherever we go . Michael wrap they in he arm . Mary poppin take this in , a look of satisfaction in she eye . michael ( cont would ) go on , now - time to wash you hand for dinner . the child go . Michael turn to Mary poppin . michael ( cont would ) do you have something to do with they try to save the house ? mary poppins I never say a word - it be all the child 's idea . michael ( after a pause . ) the whole time I have be look after they , they have be look after I ... ( he shake he head . ) I have it all backwards . mary poppins hmm . a bank family trait . michael what be I think ? 100 mary poppins some people think a great deal too much . of that I be certain . she disappear upstairs , leave Michael to ponder this . fade to black , then CUT to : ext . london at night / cherry tree lane - montage in montage - various shot of London at night - the sidewalk empty , the street lamp light , and the fog roll in ... ext . the bank home - night wind rustle the fall leave on cherry Tree Lane , send they rustling down the cobblestone . at 17 cherry Tree Lane , Jack , angus , and two other leery search through box in the back of a move van fill with the family 's possession . aunt Jane come out of the house , carry a box . Jack hurry over to help aunt Jane with it . jack here , Jane - let I help you with that . he take the box . aunt Jane nod toward the van . aunt jane thank you . no luck ? jack ( shake he head : ) we can look through everything again if you like . aunt jane there 's no point . it 's nearly midnight - we try we best . thank you , Jack . and thanks to you friend for help we . jack of course . anything for you . aunt Jane smile . aunt jane we will be out in a moment . she go back into the house . Jack signal to binnacle , who stand watch from the adjoin rooftop . 101 int . the bank sitting room / front entry hall - night Michael stand in the entryway to the sit room . the furniture be go ; the curtain have be take down . aunt Jane come in and cross to Michael 's side . a pause as they situation sink in . they look around the empty sit room one last time . the child come downstairs with suitcase , follow by Mary poppin , carpetbag in hand . mary poppins the child have pack up the last of they thing themselves . michael well do , all of you . ( put a arm around georgie : ) have you get gillie ? georgie yes , father . ellen come out of the kitchen with suitcase . ellen good riddance to that old kitchen . never could figure out that stove . michael well , then ... we have spend every last moment we can here . it 's time to say goodbye . ( his voice echoing : ) Goodbye , old friend ! aunt jane and the child Goodbye , old friend ! aunt Jane cross to open the door and everyone file out . Michael turn out the light and shut the door behind he . ext . the house at 17 cherry tree lane - continuous the family step outside , surprised to discover a handful of neighbor and friend come over from the Admiral 's house - miss lark and the milkman be there , along with the Admiral and binnacle . michael ( know the answer : ) what be you all do here so late ? 102 binnacle we have be waitin’ to see you off . milkman we would be here no matter what the hour . miss lark if you and you family should ever need a place to stay , willoughby and I would be happy for the company . michael thank you , miss lark . Jane have offer to put we up in she flat , at least for the time be . aunt jane for as long as you like . ( to ellen : ) I wish you have come with we , ellen . ellen do not you worry ' bout I . I get a nice room fix up at my sister 's . annabel you will not leave we , will you , Mary poppin ? mary poppins oh , do not be silly . georgie she say she 's not leave until the door open . michael ( he laugh , perplex : ) in any case , you home be with we . ( to georgie , smile : ) I be pleased she get catch on you string , georgie . georgie hurry forward as Michael be about to lock the door . georgie my kite - I forget my kite ! michael very well - but be quick about it . georgie run into the house . binnacle push the Admiral 's wheelchair over to Michael . binnacle the Admiral have something he would like to give you , Mr. bank , sir. 103 the Admiral hand he a beautifully - wringht ship in a bottle . admiral boom the h.m.s. glad tiding - I command she myself . May she guide you safely into port . michael thank you so much , Admiral . ( he salute : ) I will take good care of she . the Admiral check he pocket watch . admiral boom it 's nearly eight bell , Mr. binnacle . time to man we post . binnacle yes , sir . Goodbye , Mr. bank , sir . michael Goodbye , Mr binnacle . as binnacle wheel the Admiral off , georgie come out of the house , he arm wrap around he kite . georgie I find it . michael I be not so sure that will get off the ground anymore - it look more glue than kite . Michael take a few step toward the house , then glance back . michael ( cont would ) georgie , do you patch that up with one of my old drawing ? it look like you have do a fine job , there . Michael gesture for georgie to hand he the kite . he run a hand over the patch that georgie have make from he sketch of Michael , kate and the child . michael ( cont would ) ( kneel ) look at that - all of we together in front of the ... as he hold up the kite , light from the streetlamp hit it from behind . printed lettering , upside down and backwards , show through the patch . Michael blink . he turn the kite over and piece together the word write on the patch ... certificate of share . 104 georgie what be it , father ? michael wait ..! ( stun and elate : ) '' certificate of share ! '' this be it - this be what we have be look for ! ( suddenly panicked : ) we have to get to the bank ! what time be it - anyone ?? JOHN ( check he watch : ) Seven minute to midnight . michael Seven minute ? it 's not enough . we need to make it to the bank by midnight . jack take the van . JOHN no , it 's no good . you still will not make it in time . aunt jane what can we do ? michael ( defeat : ) nothing . we can not turn back time . annabel ( after a beat : ) why not ? '' everything be possible - even the impossible . '' she look to Mary poppin . Mary poppin smile . JOHN can we do it , then , Mary poppin ? can we turn back time ? mary poppins I do not see why that could not be arrange . michael that 's ridiculous . mary poppins indeed it be , Michael . it 's nonsense . annabel foolishness ! 105 JOHN it make no sense ! and if it make no sense - JOHN / annabel / georgie it can not be true ! michael what be you all talk about ? mary poppins never you mind . you just get to the bank as fast as possible with that kite , and leave the rest to we . Mary poppin guide Michael and aunt Jane over to the van . as they climb into the cab : michael but how will you - ? the child go ! Michael nod . he close the door and they drive off . Mary poppin turn to Jack . they walk to he bicycle . mary poppins we will need a lot of help , Jack . jack good as do ! angus , gather the leery ! angus right . jack Children , help I ready the bicycle ! angus and the leery run to they bicycle . georgie and the twin hurry to Jack 's bicycle , flipping the ladder sideways across the rear fender . Mary poppin hike she skirt and climb onto the bicycle seat sidesaddle . mary poppins I will take the rein this time - speed be of the essence . JOHN have you ever ride a bicycle like this before ? mary poppins ( a impatient sigh : ) oh , please - how different can it be from riding a elephant ? ( more ) 106 mary poppins ( cont would ) climb aboard everyone . ready , and ... up ! now all we have to do be turn back time . the bicycle rocket down the lane , Mary poppin lead the leery , not bother - and somehow not need - to pedal . ext . the mall at buckingham palace - night high angle as Mary poppin , Jack and the child race down the mall with angus and the other two leery behind they . at each turn , more leery appear , swerving bicycle around corner , squeezing through hedge and leaping curb to join the pack . int . wilkin 's office - night / continuous Wilkins , meanwhile , be in he office with good and frye . Big Ben can be see through the window behind they . wilkin a good week 's work , gentleman . gooding thank you sir . wilkin ( pull out he pocket watch , check the time . ) look as if bank will not be join we tonight . frye he do have a few more minute . you say you have wait until the last stroke of midnight . wilkin of course . I know that . so we will wait - I be aman of my word . Wilkins unwrap a toffee and pop it into he mouth , hand the empty wrapper to good . ext . STREET outside big BEN - continuous more leeries join as the bicycle race toward Big Ben . ext / int . residential STREET / van - traveling - night Michael and aunt Jane drive fast through the quiet street . michael how much time do we have ? 107 aunt jane there 's only five minute leave , I think ! ext . rooftop of parliament / big BEN - night / intercut twenty leery , Mary poppin and the twin stand on the rooftop of parliament next to Big Ben . angus help georgie climb up the last few rung of a ladder , Jack right behind . John gesture to one of the leeries for he cap . jack ( hushed urgency : ) good - now over to the tower ! the leery all grab ladder and rush to the tower . John , head down in he leerie cap , lift a ladder and start to follow they . jack ( cont would ) sorry - this be as far as you go . ( take the ladder : ) back in a flash . Jack hurry to the tower throw he ladder to angus . jack ( cont would ) C ’mon . Jack run up to the wall and begin to climb . angus split the ladder and throw up the top half to jack . Jack jam the ladder diagonally against the wall . angus throw up another ladder be pass up to he . he place that on the opposite diagonal to the first , and start to climb up the ladder as angus start to climb below he . the other put they ladder against the wall and climb up behind he , pass ladder overhead . it be a hair-raisingly dangerous process that look almost certain to end in disaster . Mary poppin and the child watch from the rooftop as Jack climb up to a ledge . a pigeon suddenly rush out at he , make he drop he ladder . he lose he balance and hang from the ledge . annabel I can not watch ! Mary poppin shake she head in disapproval . mary poppins you would think they have never do this before . 108 back on the tower , Jack climb into a arch , have nearly reach the clock 's face . he look up , realize the overhang prevent they from reach it . angus ( call up to he : ) what be we go to do ? jack ( shout down : ) I have get a idea ! c’mon ! Jack jump into the arch . angus climb up onto the ledge outside the arch . Jack call down to the leeries below . jack ( cont would ) ladder ! another leerie climb up , a second pass up two ladder , jump up behind he . they interlock the ladder . Jack place it out over the edge , like a diving board . he walk out onto the end of the ladder , as two leeries hold it steady from inside the arch . Jack turn round at the very edge , a huge drop below he . he steady himself . on the rooftop - the child gasp as they watch Jack fly up into the air , backlit by the glow face of Big Ben 's dial . at the tower - Jack land on the ledge beneath the clock 's face . he open a small hinge window set into the face of the clock and squeeze inside . int . inside big BEN - continuous Jack squint around the tower , find the gas main . he crank it close , shutting off the gaslight that illuminate all the face of the clock . ext . rooftop of parliament / big BEN - continuous / intercut the child watch as Big Ben go dark . Jack stick he head out of the open window . angus call up to he . angus you can turn the time back now ! Jack peer up at the enormous face of the clock . jack how ? I can not reach the hand . 109 down below , Mary poppin sigh , grow exasperate . mary poppins ohhh - ! honestly ! JOHN they have better hurry . we have less than a minute to go . up on the tower , the leery seem to have run out of idea . angus we be too late , Jack ! jack there 's get to be a way ! georgie look ! suddenly , Mary poppin appear , float before the clock face , hold she umbrella . as she descend , she push the minute hand backward five and a half minute . the leery cheer . int . wilkin 's office - night Wilkins sit at he desk , flanke by good and frye , eying he pocket watch . wilkin Three , two , one and ... ( pause . ) why have not Big Ben chime ? frye perhaps you watch be run fast . wilkin do not be a simpleton - my watch have never run fast . Wilkins rise from he desk , push frye out of the way , and turn toward the window . the clock face on Big Ben be dark . wilkin ( cont would ) what 's happen ? Big Ben 's go dark . ext . rooftop of parliament / big BEN - continuous / intercut Mary poppin call down to Jack . mary poppins relight the clock , Jack - quickly ! 110 Jack rush back inside to relight the clock . int . wilkin 's office - night Wilkins pace in frustration . suddenly , the clock face on Big Ben relight in the distance . gooding look ! they have relit Big Ben . wilkin but that time be wrong - the clock must have stop . Wilkins glance out the window to the street below , notice a van pull up . he see Michael get out . wilkin ( cont would ) that 's bank ! frye ( excite : ) he 's make it in time ! wilkin not yet he have not ! go down there and see that he do not get inside until that blast clock strike twelve . frye but , sir - wilkin now , Mr. frye ! int / ext . the front door of the bank - continuous on the street down below , Michael grab the kite from the van . Michael and aunt Jane hurry over to the bank . just as Michael start to open the door , though ... good and frye rush through the lobby and grab the door 's handle from the inside . gooding lock it , Mr frye . outside , Michael think the door be lock . he knock . michael / aunt jane hello ! let we in please ! we need to get in ! 111 aunt jane somebody let we in , please . hello - be anyone there ? inside , frye grow increasingly distraught . outside , Michael glance at the kite in he hand . michael Jane - let 's go fly a kite ! Michael and aunt Jane run back round the side of the bank and desperately try to fly the kite up to Wilkins office . michael ( cont would ) ( point at the window : ) there it be ! it 's the one with the light . aunt jane be he there ? michael I think so , the light 's on . aunt jane ok , here - let I hold it . michael I nil unspool it . you run . go on - aunt jane one , two , three ... michael go ! int / ext . wilkin 's office / bank door - continuous / intercut as Wilkins settles into he office chair , the kite fly into view outside the window behind he . down below , Michael and aunt Jane be fly the kite , try to position it outside the balcony so Wilkins will see it . aunt jane it will not work - he 's never go to see it ! as big BEN begins to toll midnight , Mary poppin appear in the sky behind Michael and aunt Jane , umbrella in hand . she take a breath and gently blow . the wind rise , the window fly open and the kite break free from its string ... «+. float into wilkin 's office . it hit Wilkins in the back of the head , before landing on he desk . 112 down below - Michael and aunt Jane rush back to pull on the bank door . inside , good continue to resist - but frye can not take it anymore . he let go of the handle and step back . good go sprawling as the door swing open and Michael and aunt Jane rush inside , think the man have unlock the door . michael oh - thank you so much . aunt jane thank you ! frye hurry , Mr. bank ! frye catch good glaring at he . gooding what ! in the office , Wilkins stare at the kite on he desk , bewilder . he see the word '' certificate of share '' peer through a hole in the kite . wilkin what be this ? Michael burst through the open door just as Big Ben chime its final note . michael it 's what we have be look for . ext . cherry tree lane , the admiral 's rooftop - continuous admiral boom Three , two , one ... FIRE ! binnacle fire the cannon - boom ! the Admiral nod , impressed . admiral boom ( cont would ) Mr. binnacle - Big Ben have finally get it right . int . wilkin 's office - a few minute later Michael gently peel a piece of the share certificate off the kite . Wilkins , aunt Jane , Mary poppin , Jack , the child , and the lawyer watch as he place it with the rest of the share certificate , which lie on the desk - in fragment , but nearly complete . michael and this one go here ... 113 aunt jane do it matter if it 's all cut up in bit ? be it still worth anything ? frye it 's valid so long as all the piece be there . wilkin ( through gritt tooth : ) be that so ? Michael examine the kite , search for the final piece . it 's not there . michael georgie , there be one more piece - a corner piece with a lot of signature . do you remember it ? georgie I must have throw it out . I be sorry , father . michael oh , it 's alright , georgie - wilkin no , it be not . I be afraid you have a problem , bank . without that signature , you have no bank share , no house - you have nothing . Michael turn , look at Wilkins with new eye . michael what ? annabel but he know you have bank share ! JOHN he 's be plan this all along ! wilkin take you child out of here , bank . I have hear enough of they lie . michael ( eye blaze with anger : ) do not you dare insult my child - do not you dare ! they be not lie and you know it . I only wish I have believe they sooner . ( turn to he child : ) ( more ) 114 michael ( cont would ) you all have he peg right from the start . ( to Wilkins : ) take the house - go ahead . ( put he arm around the child : ) I have everything I need right here . a double door that lead into a adjacent boardroom swing open . mr. daw , jr. enter ( 80s - full of vigor ) . mr . daw , JR . he have you there , Willie . wilkin uncle daw ?? what on earth be you do here ? mr . daw , JR . a little bird tell I that you have be try to cheat the bank family out of they share in Fidelity fiduciary . jack that he have , we hear he . daw glance over to Mary poppin 's parrot umbrella . the umbrella give he a sly wink . mr . daw , JR . I also hear you have be tell the whole of London I have go loony . the only loony thing I do be trust you to look after this bank . wilkin you can not be serious ! I have nearly double the profit of this bank . mr . daw , JR . yes , by wring it out of we customer 's pocket . they trust in we build this bank - and now you have squander every last bit of they good will . so I be back , and you be out . ( to good and frye : ) see my nephew to the door , would you , gentleman ? frye yes , sir , Mr. daw . the lawyer take Wilkins by a arm , lead he to the door . 115 wilkin get you hand off I - ( shrug they off : ) you be not fit to run this bank ! they be go . mr. daw , JR . we will see about that . I may be circle the drain , but I still have a few step leave in I . Mr. daw , Jr. kick up he heel in a little song and dance ... '' trip a little light fantastic '' - reprise mr . daw , jr. ( cont would ) so ... when ... they ... tell you that you 're finished and you chance to dance be do that 's the time to stand to strike up the band ! and tell ' em that you 've just begun ! so when life 's a real pea - souper you must choose to be a trouper for you light come with a lifetime guarantee as you ... Mr. daw , Jr. dance onto the top of he desk . trip a little light fantastic with I ! + . daw hop off the desk and sit in he old chair as the child skip round he . JOHN , annabel and georgie went to the bank ! rattle and clank ! met with the boss ! pitch and toss ! got lost in the fog ! lump on a log ! mary , jack and the child trip a little light fantastic ! mr . daw , JR . ( gesture to he leg ) Children , help I with my leg . the child help lift Mr. daw 's leg off the table . michael so glad to have you back , Mr. daw . 116 mr . daw , JR . thank you , Michael . and by the way - that share of yours be perfectly fine - save they for you family . michael I be sorry , I do not understand - mr . daw , JR . I would like to tell you a little story . they gather beside he . as '' feed the bird '' play under : mr . daw , jr. ( cont would ) once upon a time there be a man with a wooden leg name Smith - oh no , no , no . not that one . there be little boy name Michael who want to give he tuppence to a bird lady - but in the end , and after a little persuasion , he decide to give it to he father instead . Michael 's father - you grandfather - give that tuppence to this bank and he ask we to guard it well . we do just that , and thanks to several quite clever investment - if I do say so myself ... ( turn to Michael : ) that tuppence have grow into quite a sum ! michael really ? mr . daw , JR . ( with a smile : ) really , Michael . enough , in fact , to pay off that loan you take . the house be yours . the bank child rush to hug they father . Mary poppin , off to the side , allow herself a little satisfied grin . ext . cherry tree lane - day the next morning - spring have arrive on swift wing . cherry tree rustle in the breeze , heavy with new blossom . Mary poppin , ellen and the family walk down the lane to the bank home . michael what a beautiful day to be go back home again . 117 ellen look at this lovely cherry blossom ! michael yes , they be . i’1ll have to paint they . what about you , Jane ? aunt jane what about I ? ellen ( jumping in :) he mean what about you and that handsome lamplighter , Jack ? aunt jane no , no , no - we be just friend . really . ellen ( tongue in cheek : ) mmm-hmm ... go on . michael ( look ahead : ) what 's this ? through the park gate , they see that colorful tent have be set up in the center of the green . crowd stand in line for food cart , game of chance , and a small ferris wheel . JOHN the spring Fair - it 's today ! can we go ? georgie please ? michael I do not see why not . georgie hooray ! the child surround they father , urging he along with they as they rush into the park . annabel come on , Father - let 's go ! JOHN will you go on the ferris wheel with we ? michael yes , yes - and you too , Jane ! 118 aunt jane ( take ellen 's arm : ) only if ellen come with I . ellen I would not be catch dead on that thing ... the family hurry ahead , as they voice trail off . Mary poppin slow , a know look in she eye as she watch they go on ahead without she . ext . the spring fair at the park - continuous the family arrive at the fair . there be familiar face in the crowd : miss lark and willoughby , the milkman - even the Park keeper , have a miserable time watch everyone trample over he grass . a street organ begin to play . close on a bundle of balloon . we circle round to reveal the balloon lady - a kind - heart street vendor who be perhaps a little bit magical . '' nowhere to go but up '' balloon lady life 's a balloon that tumble or rise depending on what be inside fill it with hope and playful surprise and oh , dearie duck then you 're in for a ride ... look inside the balloon and if you hear a tune there 's nowhere to go but up georgie see a bundle of balloon across the fairground . georgie May we have balloon ? michael of course we can . let 's go . the family run across the grass . balloon lady choose the secret we know before life make US grow there 's nowhere to go but up they approach the balloon Lady . 119 michael ( hold out coin : ) hello - we would like some of you very finest balloon , please . balloon lady that you shall have . but choose carefully , my dearie duck . many have choose the wrong balloon - be sure to choose the one that 's right for you . michael which one would you like , georgie ? georgie umm ... balloon lady why do not you go first , sir ? Michael hesitates . michael I ? that day be long behind I . I do not think I have hold a balloon since I be a child . balloon lady then you have forget what it 's like . michael ( amuse : ) to hold a balloon ? balloon lady to be a child . if you selection feel right well then dearie , hold tight if you see you reflection you heart will take flight as Michael reach inside the bundle , choose a balloon : if you pick the right string then you heart will take wing and there 's nowhere to go but up everyone be stunne as the balloon slowly lift michael into the AIR . michael now I feel like that boy with a shiny new toy and there 's nowhere to go but up aunt jane Michael ! 120 michael just one day at the fair have I waltzing on AIR and there 's nowhere to go but up he look back to aunt Jane , overcome with joy : Jane - I remember ! it 's all true ! every impossible thing we imagine with Mary poppin - it all happen ! Michael soar into the sky . now my heart be so light that I think I just might start feeding the bird and then go fly a kite ! with you head in a cloud only laughter 's allowed and there 's nowhere to go but up down below , georgie , annabel and JOHN each choose they own balloon and lift up into the air . child we 're zigging and zagging our feet never dragging we might take a ride to the moon ! michael all this bobbing and weaving all come from believe michael and the child the magic inside the balloon Jack come through the crowd to the balloon Lady . jack the past be the past it live on as history and that 's a important thing he see aunt Jane turn to look into the bundle for she own ' right 's balloon . the future come fast each second a mystery for nobody know what tomorrow may bring he pick out a balloon , offer it to she . jack ( cont would ) this one look like you . aunt Jane gaze into the balloon , smile . 121 aunt jane how do you know ? and with that , aunt Jane float up into the air . Admiral boom and binnacle come through the crowd , have watch this whole exchange . admiral boom do not you lose she , son ! Jack take a balloon . as he float off , call back : jack I will not , sir ! Jack rise up in the air to float beside aunt Jane . aunt jane up here in the blue it 's a marvelous view ! jack and aunt jane side by side be the best way to fly jack once I just looked above but now I am part of the lovely london sky ! down below , Wilkins hesitantly approach the balloon Lady . balloon lady would you like to try one yourself , sir ? wilkin why not - I will give it a go . balloon lady alright , love . choose carefully . he choose a balloon , but instead of lift he in the air , it slowly sink to the ground . he look to the balloon Lady . balloon lady ( cont would ) well ... ... there 's nowhere to go but up up above , ellen rise quickly into the air , pass the family . ellen when the cloud make a muss well I won't make a fuss ( Flying straight up : ) but i'll polish the star 122 the bank family ( grabbing she leg : ) " ellen , better let US ! " good and frye be up in the air - frye hold a single balloon , while good grip onto he for dear life . gooding and frye give a lift to a foe for you reap what you sow all and there 's nowhere to go but up ! back down below , the Admiral float out of he wheelchair , binnacle rise up behind he . admiral boom I have set sail ! chart a course , Mr. binnacle ! binnacle that I will , sir ! up above , the sky be fill with parkgoer , include miss lark and willoughby , the milkman and the Park keeper ... all if you day 's up the spout well there isn ’t a doubt there's nowhere to go but up and if you don ’t believe just hang onto my sleeve for there's nowhere to go but up as you fly over town it get harder to frown and we all all hit the height if we never look down michael let the past take a bow the forever be now all and there's nowhere to go but up , up ! there's nowhere to go but up ! 123 ext . the park —- continuous Mary poppin stand in the park , gaze at the people float above , umbrella in hand and carpet bag at she side . the balloon Lady come over . balloon lady of course , the grow - up will all forget by tomorrow . mary poppins they always do . balloon lady only one balloon leave , Mary poppin . I think it must be yours . mary poppins I suppose it must . the balloon Lady pass Mary poppin the balloon - a red one - then leave . Mary poppin look inside the balloon , and see a image of herself , look very much as she always look . she nod , satisfied . mary poppins ( cont would ) practically perfect in every way . as Mary poppin gaze at the balloon , she own image fade ; instead , she see Michael , aunt Jane , ellen and the child float down ... ext . the bank home - continuous -..to land on the street in front of they house . michael welcome home , everyone . aunt jane it 's nice to be back , be not it ? michael it be - so nice . I never think I would feel this much joy and wonder ever again . I think that door be close to I forever . at that moment , a strong gust of wind blows , swirl cherry blossom around they and throwing the front door wide OPEN ... 124 ext . the park - continuous the same wind sweep across the park , cherry blossom cascade down around Mary poppin as well . her balloon slip from she finger and swirl up into the sky . ext . the bank home - continuous the child run excitedly into the house - which have be fully restore to its former state . ellen go up the step , follow the child inside . ext . the park - continuous mary poppins it 's time . she open she umbrella , raise it up into the breeze and float into the air ... ext . the bank home —- continuous as the last of the cherry blossom fall , aunt Jane look over at Michael and realize the truth . aunt jane she 's go , have not she , Michael ? michael ( he nod . quietly : ) thank you , Mary poppin . Goodbye . ext . outside the park gate / the skie above - day Jack , have land , he balloon tie on he bicycle , glance up at Mary poppin . he tip he cap to she , smile . jack I will not forget , Mary poppin ... promise . '' lovely london sky '' - reprise jack ( cont would ) so hold on tight to that you love and maybe soon from up above you all be blessed so keep on looking high and with that , Jack climb onto he bike and pedal off . while you're underneath the lovely london sky ... 125 ext . high above london - continuous Mary poppin float high above the scene . she glance back for just a moment , smile , then soar off into the cloud . black out . the end . all rights reserve . copyright '' 2018 Disney no portion of this script may be perform , publish , reproduce , sell or distribute by any mean , or quote or publish in any medium , include any website , without the prior write consent of Disney . disposal of this script copy do alter any of the restriction set sey ad ee lelonce