mary queen of scot screenplay by beau willimon int . fotheringhay castle - corridor - day 1 . close on a candle , its base ringed by drip wax . it 's perch on the sill of a small window , bath in grayish , early morning light . a snuffer enter the frame and extinguish the flame . we pull back to see the maidservant who have just put out the candle , move onto the next candle in the long corridor , snuffing it out as well . and onto the next when she hear ... the echo of footfalls and clanking sword . as three men round the corner she step back , head bow , make room for they . walk briskly toward we be thomas andrews ( sheriff of northamptonshire ) flanke by two earl - shrewsbury and kent . they pass by the maidservant without acknowledge she . she watch they go as they round another corner . andrew and he man arrive at a small door . a guard await they . upon they arrival the Guard fetch a set of key from he belt ... ext . fotheringhay castle - day establish - a forebode , turrete castle rise from the marshland of a adjacent river , surround by a moat . we hear the unlocking of a bolt as we CUT to -- int . fotheringhay castle - privy chamber - day mary stuart - Queen of Scots , dowager Queen of France . but we see she from behind - she back to we . and this be where we shall stay for now . see event as she do , follow from just a few foot to the rear . she be on she knee in prayer , join by she chambermaids and a older mary seton ( the young version of whom we shall introduce soon ) , face a small window which overlook the landscape we just see . as the heavy door pivot open , revealing andrew , she remain in prayer , she back to he . he bow he head , then , with solemnity and respect -- andrews it 's time . Mary stand , as do she servant . she 's wear a long , black satin gown . a white cap and lace veil against which she dark , auburn hair be lustrous . it 's she hair that we be draw to - since we have yet to see she face . she go to a side table and retrieve two carefully choose item , a ivory crucifix in one hand , a Latin prayer book in the other . meanwhile one of the maidservant loop a string of rosary bead with a golden cross to a girdle at she waist . another fasten a gold chain around she neck , from which hang a medallion bear the image of Christ as the Lamb of God . ext . fotheringhay castle - courtyard - day from behind . Mary be be lead across by the earl and Guards . she pause to look up at the sky . the last time she will feel the sun directly on she face . andrews ( 0.s. ) you grace . she resume follow she escort , who have pause for she . ext . hampton court - courtyard - day queen elizabeth - from behind - walk alone , slowly , as if in a daze . she look up at the sky , then lower she head . she begin to sob . we can not see she tear , but we can see she body shaking . cecil ( 0.s. ) you grace . we shift focus to william cecil on the far side of the courtyard . he be she most trust advisor on the privy Council - a persuasive , manipulative man who understand the realpolitik of power and wield it well . from behind he , we see Elizabeth quickly dry she tear . int . fotheringhay castle - large corridor - day we be above and behind as Mary stride through a large set of door , she lady , andrew and Guards in tow . down the hall a little servant girl peek around the corner to get a glimpse . the maidservant from the first scene grab she by the wrist and pull she out of view . Mary round the corner , take we to -- int . fotheringhay castle - great hall - day a vast room fill with a hundred spectator . at the far end of the room be a wooden stage . the crowd part . she head directly for the stage , mount the step to the platform where two men stand wait for she . still behind she , from over she shoulder , we can see the crowd stare up , a hundred solemn face - the knight and gentlemen of northamptonshire . there be a low murmure as a number of man speak in hushed tone to each other . it 's worth note that this crowd be all men . the only woman in attendance be Old seton and Mary 's two lady . Mary 's back and the Pov beyond fill the frame , but off - screen we hear three knock of a cane on the wooden platform to call the room to attention . a slight , barely noticeable flinch from each knock as the room silence . the clerk of Elizabeth 's privy Council , ROBERT beale - read aloud off-screen . we only hear he voice -- beale ( 0.s. ) by order of we sovereign Elizabeth , Queen of England , Wale and Ireland , overlord of Scotland , certified by she privy Council and parliament , Mary Stuart be condemn to death this day , the eighth of February , the year of we Lord one thousand five hundred eighty - seven ... during which we CUT from face to face of noble in the audience , all stare up at Mary in morbid fascination and anxiousness . we be in Mary 's Pov now . int . hampton court - privy council chamber - day on Elizabeth 's back as a Guard open the chamber door . the council stand and bow as she take she seat . with a slight gesture she instruct they to sit . cecil step forward . cecil for you fellow prince on the continent - that they might know ... he place a letter before she . she glance over it . a attendant bring she a quill and ink . she look back up . elizabeth we will not ask God 's forgiveness for that which be just . int . fotheringhay castle - great hall - day we be still behind Mary . she stand . two earl remove she outer garment - the black satin - revealing a crimson garment beneath . the colour of martyrdom . a collective gasp . we CUT to noblemen in the midst of the crowd , gaze at she with disgust . one whisper to the other -- mildmay she think herself a martyr . knightley wretched woman . back to Mary . she turn to the executioner - bull . we remain on she back . bull bow he head in supplication -- bull I plead you forgiveness . mary I forgive you with all my heart . you shall make a end of all my trouble . bull gesture to a cushion before she in front of the block . as Mary kneel down she begin to recite a psalm in Latin - - mary ( cont 'd ) salve , Regina , mater misericordie , vita , dulcedo , et spes nostra , salve . ad the clamamus exsule filii heve , in the domino confido ... as she repeat the prayer the camera come around to face Mary for the first time . as we do , we hear a surge of surf on a shore , and once we land upon she face , we be no longer in fotheringhay Castle ... it be 27 year prior and we be at -- ext . scottish coast - day Mary kneel on the sand in prayer . the water be surging up , soaking she dress . she shiver from the cold but continue she prayer . the moment have the same solemnity as the execution sequence , but the daylight and anticipation and Mary 's youth also charge it with the excitement and danger of a new beginning . as the surf retreat she lean down and kiss the sand - the first time she 's touch Scottish soil since she be a girl . behind she we can see she ship anchore in the distance . several rowboat have be pull up onto the shore - trunk and other goods be unload by sailor . a distress look on Mary 's ashen face while she 's still bent down , she face inch above the sand . she retch . four woman quickly come to she aid . they be the '' four mary '' - beaton , seton , fleming and livingston - Mary 's lady - in- wait and close friend . we hear concerned chatter among they as they attend to they mistress . mary c’est fini . ( it 's pass . ) -- which silence they . Mary cup she hand in the salt water and bring it up to she mouth to wash she face clean . seton hand she a handkerchief . Mary dry she face then stand . horse be make they way onto the shore . on bothwell - a Scottish Lord and the Queen 's Champion . he have the harden bear of a soldier accented by the flash of a adventurer . he look down the shore and see figure in the distance - peasant cockle-pick . near they be a small wagon with a clydesdale pony . ext . scottish coast - day we be further down the shore with the peasant family now : they include a older man , two teenage son and a little girl - he daughter . bothwell be pay the older man several coin as guard be empty the wagon of cockle , dump they on a pile in the sand . Mary be nearby on foot beside she horse . Mary look at the old peasant . a hard , poor life be evidence by the deep wrinkle in he face , a mouth turn inward by lose tooth . then she look to he daughter - in a dirty muddy burlap frock - who do not bow . she 's only five year old , the same age Mary be when she fle to France . CUT to the nobleman help the four mary into the peasant wagon . Livingston hold a handkerchief to she nose , put off by the fishy smell . the other three seem no less disgust . back to Mary as bothwell help she onto she horse . leg astride , not side saddle . once atop , she look regal . bothwell mount he horse and lead the small entourage forward . the little girl run to keep up with it . her father yell out to she but she ignore he , run alongside Mary 's horse . Mary and the little girl lock eye . she see a curious and defiant fire in the girl 's expression which align with she own curious and defiant flame . Mary smile at the girl . she smile back , then stop . Mary turn she eye forward again , as if stare into she future . bothwell turn to she , in french -- bothwell tout cela correspond a4 vos souvenir ? ( be it how you remember it ? ) mary je mae souvien a4 peine . ( I scarcely remember it at all . ) int . hampton court - long gallery - day in stark contrast to the rawness of the Scottish countryside , we be in a opulent , formal chamber . randolph - the English ambassador to Scotland - stand before Elizabeth . cecil be off to she side . Dudley be to the other side , along with two other lord . Elizabeth 's lady sit on stool and pillow near she foot . randolph her protector be Lord bothwell , a able soldier . cecil so she come readied for war . randolph she may well depart once marry . but I can not profess to know she purpose . elizabeth what say she brother ? randolph moray be only she half - brother , madam . I believe he allegiance be fully with we . elizabeth what proof ? randolph he pledge to protect the Church of Scotland . cecil and yet he have no power to make such a pledge if he be no longer Regent . randolph the noble respect he . cecil but can he control she ? dudley ( direct at cecil ) if she be like we Queen , she do not yield to a bridle . giggles from the lady . even Elizabeth be amused . cecil so say we master of the horse . more giggle from the lady . cecil double down -- cecil ( cont 'd ) ( to Dudley ) by bridle do you speak of mount ...? Dudley stiffen . this be a touchy subject to bring up ina public set , but cecil will not allow himself to be challenge by a inferior Lord . then triple down -- cecil ( cont 'd ) .».. or do you speak of matrimony ? Elizabeth hold up she hand to silence everyone . cecil have go far enough . he give she a slight nod . she wait a beat for solemnity to return , then -- elizabeth ( to randolph ) you may tell Scotland that we wish to love the stuart as we kin , but they should love we in return . cecil madam - if I may speak ... all eye on cecil . cecil ( cont 'd ) while she be on this island , she must bow to you , not to Rome . we Catholic must know that a papist will never again sit on the English throne . elizabeth she have offer to recognise my rightful claim . cecil only if you make she heir . we owe she no such consolation . elizabeth what would you suggest ? cecil ( to randolph ) be it fair to say that moray would rather remain Regent ? randolph his discomfort would imply so . cecil ( back to Elizabeth ) let he discomfort feed hers . kill she hope . and hopeless she may return to the comfort of the continent . cecil switch tone . cecil ( cont 'd ) of course , if you should offer love , perhaps you love will sway she . but I do not know what mortal would choose a Prince 's love over a Prince 's crown . it 's enough to convince she . she turn to randolph -- elizabeth speak to she brother . make we demand clear . randolph recognition without recompense . elizabeth however you choose to convey it . randolph aye , madam - I shall go at once . during which cecil shoot Dudley a look . this be how you bridle a Queen . ext . holyrood - evening close on the earl of moray , Regent of Scotland and Mary 's half - brother . he be atop a small bridge with window on either side as he watch Mary 's entourage approach beneath . the castle itself loom above they all . we can see a flurry of activity in the courtyard beyond he - servant darting through the courtyard in preparation for the Queen 's arrival , hurriedly lighting torch . on he face we see tenseness . he have rather none of this be happen . moray leave the window to go and greet he sister . time CUT to the courtyard . tight on Mary 's outstretch hand . then moray 's face enter the frame and lightly kiss it . we pull back to see moray kneel before she , remove he sword as he do so . mary mon frére ... ( my brother ) he stand and she embrace he . bothwell watch from several yard away . he and moray lock eye - mutual distrust - as moray and Mary embrace . int . holyrood - hall - evening Mary , moray and the four mary make they way through corridor and a series of chamber , some half - furnish and be decorate for the Queen , other still bare . everything feel a bit ad hoc and rush . the servant bow as Mary pass . she soak it in during the follow exchange with moray - only vaguely familiar . on the whole she might as well be lay eye upon this room for the first time . moray you must be tired . mary I be quite well . moray Supper be be prepare . we can have it bring to you chamber if you like . mary yes , thank you . a beat . moray consider he next question , then ask it casually , though it 's far from a casual question -- moray how long will you be stay ? mary at holyrood ? moray in Scotland . 10. she answer he just as casually , though like the question itself , there 's nothing casual about it 's substance . mary ( with a smile ) be you already plan my departure ? moray of course not . we have long await you return . moray turn to a servant - kate , elderly - who have be trail behind they . moray ( cont ’d ) kate will show you to you chamber . kate this way , madam . as kate lead Mary and she lady down a adjacent hall , moray 's smile fade . he turn to bothwell . moray do you intend to stay as well ? bothwell I swore a oath to the Queen 's mother to protect she . moray she be well protect here . bothwell I shall uphold my oath just the same . moray and what reward do you loyalty command ? bothwell I be drive by duty , not ambition . a scoffing and dismissive half - smirk from moray . he do not buy it for a moment . int . holyrood - queen 's chamber - night the room be light by several candle , but still dim . it 's completely empty . Mary look around , take in the bareness . kate we be have a bed bring from town . 10a . Mary point to a wall , address the servant -- mary my mother 's be here ? kate yes , madam . 11 . and with this the servant 's voice break . she can not stop a tear from roll down she cheek . kate ( cont 'd ) my apology ... Mary go to she -- mary what be it ? kate her majesty be too young to recall ... ( put a palm to she chest ) ... but I be you wet nurse . you be so beautiful . like you mother . Mary offer she a warm , compassionate smile . kate ( cont 'd ) ( embarrassed , to escape - - ) with permission - I will make certain the bed . Mary nod . kate exit the chamber . Mary turn to the four mary , who be try to hide they mortification at the gloomy environ . mary a dire vrai , ce n’est pas une autre France . ( it be no France . ) she offer this as humour , and the four mary force a laugh , but it 's not very convincing . then quite seriously -- mary ( cont 'd ) mais notre devoir n’est plus 4 la France . c’est ici qu 'o nous améne . ( but we duty be no longer to France . it be here . ) the four mary stop smile . it 's a solemn reminder that they life be forever change . int . holyrood - receiving room - day Mary be seat while a artist paint a miniature portrait of she . the four mary be oversee attendant who be in the process of hang tapestry on the wall . Mary be beginning to make the place she own . moray be with she . moray Emperor ferdinand look to wed one of he son ... 12 . mary be we to bow to the hapsburgs ? moray they be a good family . quite powerful . mary and would require I to leave Scotland . moray a small price for such a favorable union . she turn to he -- mary favorable for whom ? they lock eye for a moment . on moray , clenching he jaw . Mary notice something on the far side of the room beyond moray . stands -- mary ( cont 'd ) Higher . and we see she 's refer to one of the tapestry be hang on the wall . the attendant raise it a foot . mary ( cont 'd ) this one . Mary watch as the attendant climb down from they ladder and move the tapestry over to the new wall . as they place the ladder , they raise the tapestry -- mary ( cont 'd ) yes . thank you . ( to moray ) better - be it not ? moray ( stifling he annoyance ) I know nothing of this matter . she take he hand . warmly -- mary you have do we a great service as ward over this realm . we would be wise to follow you example . let we dispense with marriage for now and talk of governance . that be matter which you know far better than myself . he force a smile . moray I appreciate you confidence in I . she glance back up at the tapestry , decisive . mary yes . hang it here . she head back over to sit before the artist . mary ( cont 'd ) continue . artist Chin higher . we be tight on the artist 's Pov as she tilt we CUT from this visage of she face to -- int . hampton court - queen chamber - day 13 . she chin up . her portrait . a small one . held in the light by bess of hardwick , Elizabeth 's lady in wait . elizabeth ( 0.s. ) what do you see bess ? we pull back . Elizabeth be study the miniature along with bess as the other lady in wait make final adjustment to Elizabeth 's appearance - place ring on finger , powder she face -- bess charm . Fair - if the painter do not lie . arrogant , perhaps . I do not like the look of she . ( beat ) and you ? elizabeth Young . clever. ( beat ) confident . look down at she hand as a Lady place a ring upon it . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) she would have no trouble secure a husband , even without she throne . bess nor would you , madam . Elizabeth turn to she , eye flash -- 14 . bess ( cont 'd ) forgive I ... int . hampton court - long gallery - day courtier be cramme into the room , wait for Elizabeth to emerge . this be one of the few time of the day that they have direct access to the Queen . it 's all about jockey for position , be see and see other . among that in court be the earl of lennox and he handsome 17 year - old son , henry darnley , strain to get a prime spot near the door to the Queen 's chamber . as lennox try to edge he way forward -- lennox ( to darnley ) come . closer . we shift to right by the door to the Queen 's chamber where we find cecil and Dudley . they have a prime position because they will escort she to the privy council chamber . they speak in low tone so as not to be overhear . dudley she will not accept my hand . cecil you can not be certain . dudley I know because I know she heart . the moment I betray it with ambition , I lose she heart . cecil would you rather she lose she crown ? dudley you exaggerate . cecil ( grow impatient ) how much blood have be spill in Rome 's name ? if a Catholic Queen bear a child before we own , have no doubt that blood will spill again . muster you courage and save we from she reticence . dudley what you claim I lack in courage , you lack in reason , sir . she will not have I . 14 o. cecil nor would I have a commoner be king of England if we be not desperate for a heir . but we must mould the clay before we . dudley ( insulted ) I be no commoner . cecil nor be you noble . 15 . int . hampton court - queen chamber - day bess adjust Elizabeth 's hair . Elizabeth hold out she hand and a attendant place a hand mirror in it . Elizabeth hold up the mirror and look at she own reflection . we rack focus from the mirror to the portrait of Mary in the background so that she blurred reflection and the portrait be side by side in the frame . Elizabeth let she gaze linger on the portrait for a moment , we rack focus back to the mirror as she look at she face once again , then turn and present herself to she lady . with a matter - of - fact , discern eye . bess aye . int . hampton court - long gallery - day we be with cecil and Dudley again -- dudley you should bring it up with she directly . cecil I have , many time . dudley then there be you answer . cecil on all other matter she follow my counsel . I have she trust , but you have she affection . however much it pain I , I be not above admit you wield a power I do not . you can succeed where I -- but before he can finish the sentence , the door to the Queen 's chamber open , revealing Elizabeth . the courtier bow as they part to form a diagonal path across the room . Elizabeth turn to cecil and Dudley . elizabeth ( to cecil ) good morning , William . cecil madam . she turn to Dudley , and say it with far more warmth -- elizabeth Robert . 15a . dudley ( as warmly ) resplendent . 16 . Elizabeth smile . elizabeth would you ? he hold out he arm . she loop hers within he . they begin to walk along the path , cecil fall in closely behind they with bess and the lady . a bit of jostling among the courtier to be close to the path . it 's not unseemly - they be noble and need to maintain they dignity - but it 's noticeable . as Elizabeth walk , she nod to some , ignore other . lennox press forward , darnley follow . as Elizabeth approach , lennox make a show of a deep bow , but it go intentionally unnotice by Elizabeth . lennox try to recover by appeal to cecil once Elizabeth have pass , step out in front of he . he keep he volume low so as not to be overhear -- lennox my Lord - I would ask we mistress to beseech Queen Mary that I be allow to return to Scotland as Earl of we ancestral -- cecil ( the gall , full volume ) this be not the place . lennox ( insistent ) it would be wise to have a Catholic servant there . my influence would -- cecil it be you influence which emboldene papist here . this be say loud enough for the entire room to turn its attention to cecil and lennox , which be what cecil want . even Elizabeth turn and look back . lennox be red with embarrassment . cecil and Dudley continue on . lennox look around and see all eye stare at he . Elizabeth exit the room and the crowd begin to dissolve . in low tone to he father -- darnley you humiliate yourself . without hesitation lennox turn and slap he son hard across the face . darnley reel , stunne . lennox head for the exit . now it be darnley whom the remain courtier be stare at . 17 . int . holyrood - council chamber - day tight on a young italian man - rizzio - play the Renaissance violin with accompaniment . he be comely , and a talented musician . the chamber be still in the process of be decorate - far more modest in its architecture and furnishings than what we see in hampton Court , but still brighter and more luxurious than when we first see the castle . the four mary be stare at rizzio with admiration , even perhaps a bit of lust . he smile at Livingston , who look at she foot while blush . the other mary giggle , draw attention from some of the nobles who be wait in a line to kiss Mary 's hand . among that pass by be maitland - a high -ranking Noble , diplomatic and innocuous on the surface , but a snake within . he and Fleming lock eye - a instant attraction . moray introduce the guest to Mary as they come before she -- moray William maitland of lethington , Secretary of State . maitland turn he attention back to Mary . kneel down and kiss she hand . next up be knox - a Protestant cleric , severely dress with a even more severe manner . moray ( cont ’d ) John knox , Church of Scotland . as knox bend down to kiss Mary 's hand , rizzio screech he bow across the string of he renaissance violin - a comic sound . knox turn back to rizzio with disgust . the four mary giggle , and Mary herself can not help but smile . rizzio a loose string . although this thin excuse do nothing to placate knox . moray veer thing back to business -- moray let we begin . the lord sit down on chair in a semi-circle around the throne . once they be settle , Mary address they in french . mary Il est certain que beaucoup d’entre vous not vous alliez qu 'ad regret a une reine frangaise et catholique . ( more ) 18 . mary ( cont 'd ) ( we be certain many of you be ill at ease align yourself with a french and Catholic Queen ... ) some of the other lord look askance at each other in reaction to she speak a non- native language . mary ( cont 'd ) ( she abruptly switch to Scots ) but you Queen be in Scotland now . she pause , let she use of Scots sink in . then -- mary ( cont 'd ) when my beloved frangois pass to God , I could have marry any number of suitor . Portugal . Denmark . Sweden . many other . the hapsburgs offer they son . ( beat ) I decline they all . on moray . he have much prefer she be marry off . mary ( cont 'd ) just as I would not have a uncertain fate impose upon myself , I will not impose a uncertain fate upon my subject . ( beat ) they remain free to worship however they so choose , Catholic or Protestant . a look of surprise from the assemble lord . this be not what they be expect . int . hampton court - privy council chamber - day Elizabeth be at the head of the table . cecil speak on behalf of he fellow counsellor , which include Dudley and randolph . cecil her pronouncement mean nothing . whom she marries speak louder than any edict from the throne . elizabeth ( to randolph ) what say ust we ambassador ? randolph she feign disinterest , madam ... 19 . Green revision ( 18.10.17 ) 20 . int . hampton court - privy council chamber - day randolph - in stiff formality - conclude he report . randolph she be formidable , madam . on Elizabeth - she grimace at this assessment of she rival . int . holyrood - council chamber - day Mary before she lord , as before . 21 . mary pastor , you look displease with we tolerance ? a general nervousness flutter among the lord , not least of all with moray , but knox be not the least bit intimidate . knox any realm that be rule by the Pope be not tolerant , madam . it be enslave -- mary stand when I address you . knox make a show of stand slowly , resolutely and say the follow word with equally slow resolve . knox there be one true God . and therefore one true religion . mary such rhetoric incite revolt . knox if a Prince stray from God 's will , it be not in doubt that they may be resist . and in you case , as with all woman : they sight be but blindness ; they strength , weakness ; they counsel , foolishness ; they judgment , frenzy . be we to abide a papist and a woman both ? Mary be stunne , but gather herself to have the last , if shaky , word -- mary well then , I perceive that my subject shall obey you , and not I . and shall do what they like , and not what I command . and so must I be subject to they , and not they to I . unwavering , and unmove -- knox May I sit , madam ? mary no . you may remove yourself from this council and my court . a gasp of unease from the other lord . knox , with all the pride he can muster -- 22 . knox my council be among the faithful disciple I serve . we have as little need of this court as it have of we . I pray for you soul , madam . knox slowly make for the door , milk he exit . int . holyrood - hallway - day Mary walk briskly with moray . she can no longer contain she rage - face flushed , speak as briskly as she walk -- moray I beg you to reconsider . he have the trust of the people . mary do I not give deference to he faith ? moray yes . but we must be delicate . allegiance do not happen by proclama -- she stop and turn to he , she rage froth -- mary and where be he delicacy ? that he should speak to a monarch so ? would he challenge Elizabeth thus ? moray with what cause ? he would welcome a Protestant Queen . which be precisely why we must not push he into she arm . show he love . mary you be wise , brother . there be time for wisdom . and there be time for love . but there be also time for strength . she continue on . off moray , swallow he frustration . int . scottish church - day a sparse , undecorate place of worship , clearly Protestant . knox stand at a pulpit , deliver a sermon . the front row be fill with nobility , include maitland , who be sit in the first row , listen with great interest . 23 . as the row progress toward the back they be populate with merchant and peasant . it 's a pack room , and some of the peasant be force to stand in the rear by the open door to the street . this be part religious fervor , part retribution at have be remove from court -- knox ( with force ) we have a scourge upon we land . ' tis worse than pestilence or famine . ' tis worse than the Roman pagan or egyptian pharaoh . ' tis a woman with a crown who only pretend to worship Christ when in truth she kneel before the Pope . we will not bow as she do . murmur of approval from the congregation . knox 's charismatic forcefulness pick up steam -- knox ( cont 'd ) we do not pray to false idol . we do not take instruction from Rome . we resist that who would tempt we with indulgence . deny that who worship luxury . respect not that who flaunt they excess ... int . holyrood - queen' chamber - night the four mary be help Mary undress . the room be now well - appoint with furniture and tapestry . knox ( v.o. ) ... who whore themselves to wealth and the degradation of the flesh . Mary tap Fleming 's cheek with she finger . mary alor , ici ? ( what about here ? ) the girl be laugh . Fleming blush . mary ( cont 'd ) ( tap fleming 's nose ) ici ? ( here ? ) fleming ( through she laughter ) non. ( no . ) Mary put a finger to Fleming 's lip . 24 . mary Il vous a embrassé ici ? ( have he kiss you here ? ) fleming ( sheepishly ) Une fois ( once ... ) the other gasp , titillate . fleming ( cont 'd ) .-- san aller plus loin . ( ... but no further . ) mary ( turn to beaton ) et vous alor ? il embrassent comment , les anglais ? ( what about you ? how well do the English kiss ? ) beaton ( smile , embarrassed ) Madame ... Mary turn on a dime , suddenly serious . mary what matter have you discuss with the ambassador between you kiss ? a chill between they all . the undress have halt . beaton méme s’il y a de l’amitié entre lui et moi -- ( we be friendly , but I - - ) mary ( to Fleming ) or you - with my Secretary of State . fleming Madame - vous savez que nous -- ( madam - you know we --) mary in Scots . fleming we loyalty be to you alone . Mary warm , thawing the chill -- 25 . mary I jest . I know you love I . but be she jest ? they resume undress she . mary ( cont 'd ) just be wary of this man . they love be not the same as they respect . the Mary 's remove layer upon layer , down to she smock . after several beat -- fleming might I ask - since we have not know it ourselves ... ( gather the courage ) what be it like ...? less ashamed to complete the question than Fleming to ask -- mary to have a man ? int . hampton court - queen 's chamber - night atop the bed with drape draw for privacy . Elizabeth with Dudley . her sleeve have be remove . the farthingale beneath she dress bulge up as they sit side by side . Dudley gently push the smock sleeve up Elizabeth 's forearm , revealing the skin of she wrist . he bring it to he mouth and kiss the underside . Elizabeth close she eye , shaking from the touch . lip on skin be forbidden and thrill . mary ( v.o. ) I have only lain with frangois ... int . holyrood - queen 's chamber - night Mary with the mary . they be still undress she -- mary he shook terribly from fright . as do I . the poor boy do he best ... intercut with scene 35 -- int . holyrood - banquet hall - night music rise from a dance . two hand , palm flat to each other - a man and woman 's ... mary ( v.o . ) .-- but it be over before it begin . 26 . back to Mary in she bedchamber with the mary -- fleming so you never ... mary no . we try but once . back to the banquet Hall - tight on Mary 's glow face , flushed from the thrill of a man 's touch -- mary ( v.o. ) yet I find myself ... stir , a want like none other ... we pull back to see that she 's dance with bothwell -- mary ( v.o. ) not so much for he ... then glide to another nobleman , then another , she face warm by the music and hundred of candle that fill the room . as she whisk between the man -- mary ( v.o . ) ..- but for the thing itself ... the touch ... skin upon skin . int . hampton court - queen 's chamber - night the music from the dance continue as -- Dudley be kissing Elizabeth 's nape , beginning to unloosen she corset , but Elizabeth pull away . Dudley reluctantly let go of the string . take Elizabeth 's hand and bring it between he leg . dudley do you feel my passion ? elizabeth quiet Robert . the music slow to something more elegaic and sparse as she withdraw Dudley 's hand . disappointment on he face . silence . we pop to bess and the lady in wait outside the drape , tilting towards the drape to see if they can overhear the whisper within . int . holyrood - queen' chamber - night the mary be rapt , gather around Mary as she sit on the foot stool of she bed , now down to she smock . 27 . mary I should like to marry again . to know what it mean to have a man fully . but ... and we see she shift from revery to cold prudence -- mary ( cont 'd ) -..- not if I be own . the music stop . a beat . Mary stand . mary ( cont 'd ) shall we sleep ? seton you be early ... follow seton 's gaze , Mary look down . see a splotch of blood seepe through at she groin . beaton I will get a fresh cloth . as beaton get up we time CUT to -- Mary surround by the mary . beaton with a swaddle in hand . seton with a basin and damp cloth . livingston levez les bras . ( lift you arm . ) Mary lift she arm , the three remain mary avert they eye as they begin to raise she smock above Mary 's head , for no mortal be allow to see a sovereign nude . CUT to tight on Mary 's bare leg beneath the groin . we see a trickle of blood run down the length of she thigh to the knee . seton wash the blood away with the damp cloth . CUT to tight on the basin as seton wring the cloth , blood clouding the water within . int . hampton court - queen 's chamber - night tight on two hand barely touch on white linen - they pinky finger graze one another -- dudley ( 0.s. ) do not ask this of I . elizabeth ( 0.s. ) if you wed she she be ours . we pull back to see Elizabeth and Dudley lay side by side , still fully clothed . they talk low so as not to be hear . 28 . dudley and what of we ? elizabeth what we ? dudley you , Elizabeth . and I , you Robert . elizabeth one of that be a Prince . the other be ... she do not finish . he wait , then -- dudley be what ? elizabeth be merely my Robert . dudley ( with a hint of bitterness ) merely . elizabeth with Mary you too become a Prince . dudley if I be Noble enough to marry one Queen , I be noble enough for another . Dudley move in - Elizabeth withdraw . dudley ( cont 'd ) Elizabeth ... I know it cannot be . ( repeat himself ) I know it cannot be . elizabeth England be not Scotland . int . holyrood - ante room - day rizzio be escort into the room by a attendant , a dog circle at he , bark loudly . he hold he lute high as the dog leap up , nip at it . it 's late Autumn . rain pelt the window . they approach Mary and she four lady seat on the ground before the fire - a indoor picnic with a sumptuous lunch . mary worry not . she 's harmless ... 28a . Mary whistle . the dog run over to she . Mary feed she a piece of meat from she plate . she pet the dog affectionately as she devour the meat . 29 . rizzio you request music , you majesty ? mary what accent be that ? rizzio italian . mary how be you command of french ? with spirit , he launch into a popular arbeau chanson -- rizzio Belle qui tien mar vie captive dan tes yeux , qui m'as 1 ’ame ravie D 'un sourire gracieux ... Mary and the other clap with approval . rizzio bow . mary be you hand as good as you french ? rizzio ( puzzle ) my hand , madam ? mary I must make love to a woman , and I would have a man 's hand to help I . one who be loyal like my friend here . -- she say as she time CUT to tight parchment . we see Madame , ( madam , run she hand through the dog 's fur . on rizzio 's hand write with a quill on the word in french that we hear -- mary ( cont 'd ) mar bonne cousine ... my good cousin ... ) we switch to English for the sake of clarity . and see rizzio seat at a small table write , Mary pluck grape from a bundle while she recline on a rug , dictating the letter -- mary ( cont 'd ) we be two sister bound by womanhood , two prince on the same island , and ruling side by side must do with affection ... rizzio '' in harmony '' perhaps . 29a . mary yes . I like that . 30 . ext . holyrood - colonnade - dusk Mary walk along the colonnade as we see flake of snow float down into the court . the four mary & rizzio be with Mary 's dog , that be play in the snow in the middle of the courtyard . mary ( v.o. ) ...- ruling side by side we must do so in harmony . not through a treaty draft by man lesser than ourselves , but respect each other 's rightful claim grant by God ... she place she palm out and let a flake fall on it -- mary ( v.o. ) as the first snow fall to the North ... ext . hampton court - day tight on the hoove of a horse walk through a fresh blanket of snow as it continue to fall , leave hoofprint -- mary ( v.o. ) ... it be the same snow that will fall at you foot . CUT to from above as the riderless horse be be lead to the entrance by a GROOM , snow cover the ground . mary ( v.o. ) from the same heaven above , in service of the same Lord ... int . hampton court - day tight on the flat blade of a knife scraping along a length of coloured paper , the paper curling as it do -- mary ( v.o. ) ..- and when the same spring flower for we both ... pull back to see Elizabeth place the curl paper into a intricate quilling design of flower on a paint board . 30a . mary ( v.o. ) I hope we might meet in person , that I might embrace you ... 31 . we track up to on Elizabeth 's face , warm by the fire . mary ( v.o. ) .-+- and we might resolve we destiny ... int . hampton court - queen' chamber - day Elizabeth be pace , dictating a letter to a nearby scribe -- elizabeth we would delight in hold we sister 's hand in ours . already its warmth can be feel with you word ... a knock on the door . she look over -- ext . hampton court - day Elizabeth come outside to the front entrance , where Dudley and randolph be already sit atop they respective horse , ready to depart on a journey , groom nearby . elizabeth ( v.o. ) let we settle on a meeting place before the summer bring discomfort . during the follow , Elizabeth approach Dudley . he look forlorn . take he hand in hers and kiss it . elizabeth ( v.o. ) let we nation cherish each other as we would - two kingdom united . he open he hand to find one of she quilled flower within it . it make depart that much more difficult . she offer he a bittersweet smile . elizabeth ( v.o. ) meanwhile accept this portrait as a sign of thanks for yours ... but Dudley do not return the smile . he can not hide he unhappiness at be charge with this mission . elizabeth ( v.o. ) and please accept this suitor who present both he love and mine . as he begin to ride away , Elizabeth turn to watch he go , and as the camera come around on she we CUT to - - 31a . int . holyrood - council chamber - day Dudley present the portrait of Elizabeth to Mary . randolph be in attendance , as be moray and maitland . Mary be delighted to receive the gift - beam with excitement . 32 . elizabeth ( v.o . ) ... the Earl of Leicester - Lord Robert Dudley . Mary look up from the portrait to address randolph -- mary do you think it might stand with my honour to marry my sister 's subject ? randolph ( glance to Dudley ) it be true that a Earl be not a Prince ... we pop to Dudley , who look miserable , then back to randolph -- randolph ( cont ’d ) surely there can be no great honour than to match yourself with a nobleman by whom you inherit such a kingdom as England . moray perk up at this , as do Mary . mary I have such inheritance by blood , regardless of who I marry or do not marry . a provocation . moray be anxious . randolph remain cool . mary ( cont 'd ) ( to Dudley ) we must discuss succession before marriage , not the other way around . randolph grit he tooth . this meeting be a failure for he . mary ( cont 'd ) we hope we do not vex the Earl . dudley not in the least , madam . I be grateful for you honesty . mary be I not a prince , I could not hope for a finer and more handsome man than you . dudley you save I from disgrace . off Mary 's look -- 32a . dudley ( cont 'd ) I would be no more than a wretch compare to the beauty you possess . Mary laugh . with a flirtatious smirk -- mary we see why we cousin be so fond of the Earl . then , on a dime , all business -- mary ( cont 'd ) ( to randolph ) I shall respect Elizabeth 's crown as soon as she name I its successor . randolph the issue of succession be a -- mary for two year now we have dally when the compromise could not be clearer . Elizabeth need merely agree to it . randolph madam - my Queen will not be pleased by you rebuff of the Earl and you persistence regard -- 33 . mary if she have any concern about this proposal she may express they to I directly . plan proceed for we to meet next month ? randolph aye , madam . in York . mary very well . we shall accomplish far more without envoy between we . a slight to randolph , and we can read it in he eye . she turn to Dudley again . holding up the portrait of Elizabeth -- mary ( cont 'd ) ( back to Dudley ) how like be it unto you mistress 's face ? int . hampton court - queen 's chamber - day Elizabeth be in bed . she look pale and sickly . bess wipe she forehead with a damp rag as cecil address she . randolph and Dudley be with he . cecil you must not meet with she , madam . false affection be one matter , but give she audience be -- elizabeth what make you think we affection false ? Elizabeth 's voice be feeble from illness . cecil affection aside , she remain obstinate . ( glance to Dudley ) and rebuff you choose one . elizabeth what sayst thou , Robert ? dudley ( fall in line ) I agree with cecil 's counsel . randolph we be all agree madam . Elizabeth look grim . Dudley give a glance to cecil , indicate that perhaps they should go and let he handle this . 33A . cecil Rest well , madam . he and randolph exit . Dudley remain . sit down on the edge of the bed and take she hand and kiss it . 34 . elizabeth you should not . dudley I survive it as a boy . elizabeth and if I should not survive ? dudley you will . elizabeth and even so - if my face be scar , will you still love I ? dudley I would love you if you turn into a fish . Elizabeth start to chuckle . Dudley bring he hand to the side of he neck to mimic a fish . she laugh more , painfully . then she brow furrow . vulnerable -- elizabeth be she as beautiful as I hear tell ? ext . scottish countryside - day tight on Mary 's face , windswept and vigorous , as she ride through the lush , late spring countryside . her entire entourage be on the move . we see she take in the beauty of the land , a smile on she face as she bask in the sun . the spell be break by -- bothwell halt . the entire party come to a stop . Mary look ahead and see a contingent of three horseman gallop toward they from down the road . two appear to be soldier escort . bothwell race ahead with four horseman of the Royal Guard to intercept . as bothwell 's contingent near the foreigner they come to a stop . from Mary 's Pov we can barely make out that one of they be randolph . ext . scottish countryside - day the Royal entourage be in the background . Mary walk through a field of grass and wildflower at some distance , randolph next to she , moray and maitland several step behind . 35 . mary could she Council not wait until she return ? randolph they business be urgent , madam . the Huguenot send a envoy . mary ( concerned ) and she receive they ? randolph England wish no more bloodsh . be from France you must understand . mary you may tell my sister that we pray for swift peace , that we may meet soon . randolph I will tell she at once . mary stay with we the night back at holyrood . I be certain mistress beaton would welcome you company . randolph blushes at the insinuation .. randolph thank you , madam . time CUT to -- Mary walk with moray and maitland toward the carriage as the entire entourage be be turn around for the journey back . Three of she lady - seton , Livingston and Fleming be close behind . beaton be a bit farther back , walk with randolph as he lead he horse on foot . maitland she hide behind she Council . mary you do not think she postpone ... moray I think she have no intention to meet until you recognise she legitimacy . mary ( sink in ) a false promise then . 35a . maitland retaliation perhaps , for refuse the treaty . mary for refuse Dudley . off maitland 's look . mary ( cont 'd ) this be a matter of the heart , not the state . they do not mix well . she glance back at beaton and randolph . they be smile and happy . then turn to the lady . mary ( cont 'd ) would not you say , mistress Fleming ? fleming pardon I , madam ? mary ( gesture to maitland ) I speak of the state ... ( gesture to Fleming ) .-. and of the heart . fleming I be afraid I do not understand ... maitland ( bristle ) you mistress mock we affection . mary not so . they sometimes have value ... as she return to she horse she steal one more glance at beaton and randolph . 36 . ext . holyrood - seclude area - night randolph and beaton be in the shadow - grop , kissing , rough and lustful . after several moment of this , beaton squirm loose . beaton it 's late . I must attend to my mistress . he try to kiss she again but she hold he off . beaton ( cont 'd ) think of you wife . he sigh . just as she pull away he grab she wrist -- randolph nothing we speak of ... beaton of course not . 37 . with a smile she lean forward and give he one last kiss . he let go . she walk off . as she round the corner to a new corridor she pick up pace , walk more and more briskly . int . holyrood - queen' chamber - night beaton enter , breathless . Mary be be undress by the three other mary . beaton the pox , madam . off they look -- beaton ( cont 'd ) there be no envoy . she have the pox . on Mary . this change everything . mary how grave ? beaton quite grave . mary ( to beaton ) go rouse my brother . as beaton exit , to the other three -- mary ( cont 'd ) back on with it . they hasten to re-dress she . Mary 's thought be swirl . several beat as she traverse exhilaration to doubt -- mary ( cont 'd ) do you think I sinful ? seton how so ? mary my excitement . livingston c’est dieu qui la rend malade . ( it be God who make she ill . ) mary ( in french , to herself ) oui , c’est dieu . ( yes , God . ) ( in English ) he have he plan ... 38 . int . holyrood - queen' chamber - night tight on rizzio as he transcribe with the scratch of a quill against parchment . moray look over he shoulder . the room be light by only candle , give it a conspiratorial feel . mary ( 0.s. ) it will please you to know that I have warm to the prospect of wedding Lord Dudley . we shall do so ... rizzio dip he quill in the ink . we pull back to see Mary dictating the letter -- mary ( cont 'd ) .+.upon one condition . she wait for rizzio to catch up , then -- mary ( cont 'd ) while we wish you a long and healthy life , and that no injury or illness befall you , we shall only do you the favour of betrothing you special friend ... rizzio be write furiously . once again Mary wait for he to catch up . she stand and go over to rizzio so that she may look over he shoulder as moray and maitland be do -- mary ( cont 'd ) .»». once you name we heir . int . hampton court - queen 's chamber - day Elizabeth be cover now with small pox boil . she be attend to by bess as two other lady keep vigil as she read the letter from Mary . elizabeth ( in a whisper , to herself ) she know ... bess madam ...? leap to another think , this one fuel by jealousy -- elizabeth my '' special friend '' ... she taunt we . her gut be churn ; she 's half delirious from she illness -- 39 . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) she want he as she own . my Robert . my crown ... prelap the clash of fencing saber as we CUT to -- int . hampton court - long gallery - day a number of nobles be stripped down to they undershirt , fencing in pair down the length of the gallery as other look on . in one pair be Dudley . in another be darnley . the door fling open , revealing Elizabeth . the fencer cease . everyone stare at she - surprised to see they Queen enter unannounced and in such a sorry state . elizabeth out . the noble begin to disperse , the fencer set down they foil as they go . some be steal glance at Elizabeth as they exit , particularly darnley . Dudley approach she , concerned - — she hand he the letter . he begin to read . look up at she . he lift she veil so he can see she better . she look stricken , on the verge of tear . her eye say '' you must not leave I . '' dudley I be yours . forever yours . elizabeth but how ? be I to refuse she what I myself suggest . her tear begin to fall . Dudley embrace she to console she . she would normally feel embarrassed by such a outward sign of emotion , but not in he arm . after a beat , in a whisper -- dudley there be a way to right this ... she look to he - expectant , hopeful -- dudley ( cont 'd ) the boy , who be fencing nearest to the door . elizabeth I take no notice . 40 . dudley darnley , son of lennox ... int . holyrood - queen' chamber - day tight on Mary , two hand cover she eye . giggles in the background . she 's smile . we pull back to see that beaton be cover she eye from behind . fleming now . beaton remove she hand . we CUT to Mary 's Pov : Fleming and Livingston be hold one of Mary 's dress up to rizzio , fan out the hem , seton hold the blouse up to he chest . rizzio begin to twirl as if dance the masque with effeminate physicality , the three woman keep the dress and blouse against he as he do , sing in a falsetto . Mary laugh as do the other woman . mary you look exquisite , Mademoiselle . rizzo curtsy , with a feminine voice -- rizzio be it a sin that I feel more a sister to you than a brother ? the smile of the woman fade . rizzio instantly backtrack . rizzio ( cont 'd ) ( stand ) forgive I . I forget myself in you company . but Mary want to relieve he of he shame . mary be whoever you wish with we . you make for a lovely sister . ( to the lady ) do not she ? the other lady nod , feel free to smile once again . we can sense rizzio appreciate they acceptance . a knock at the door . the lady instantly pull the dress away from rizzio . mary ( cont 'd ) enter. 4l . the door open , revealing moray and a attendant . he glance to rizzio warily , then to Mary -- moray we have visitor . he hand Mary a letter from Elizabeth . she read over it quickly - look up at he , puzzle . mary they be stuart ... moray aye . int . holyrood - council chamber - day as a attendant show darnley and lennox in , sotto voce -- lennox I shall talk . you say nothing . darnley not even to -- lennox silence . the attendant step aside . what lennox and darnley see be Mary and the four mary on common stool . they be all dress similarly , Mary no different than the other . moray and maitland be to the side . moray the 4th Earl of lennox ... lennox bow . moray ( cont ’d ) his son Henry , Lord darnley . darnley bow . lennox expect the Queen to say something , but he cannot tell which of the five woman be Mary . he look to moray and maitland for assistance . they be statue . he look to the attendant , who say nothing . it 's a embarrassing position to be in . but neither offer guidance . he look back to the lady . lennox forgive I - I do not know my Queen 's visage . he get no help from anyone . lennox look helplessly from one Lady to the next . 42 . he laugh nervously , both flummox and insulted . but darnley be amused , and more than game to play . he walk forward brazenly . darnley let I , father . as he speak he circle the woman slowly , consider they . his charisma be electric , amplify by how closely he orbit , almost brush up against the woman , he proximity and the chance of physical contact so acute it 's thrill . he speak slowly , confidently - he voice intoxicating - we see the women 's chest rise and fall , titillate . darnley continue to circle they ... darnley ( cont 'd ) I give you verse , unsheathe my quick wit ... to see which among you it quicken . giggles from the lady . moray and maitland remain icy cold . darnley ( cont 'd ) but should I fail to choose correctly ... as he come around the front of they again , he place he hand on he chest , feign sorrow -- darnley ( cont 'd ) tis my soul that will be sicken . they smile at he performance , thoroughly charme . darnley ( cont 'd ) for shame return to my native land ... only to be deprive of kissing ... now he stop and kneel before seton ... but at the last moment he turn to Mary , take she hand -- darnley ( cont 'd ) .«.- my Queen 's perfect hand . he bend forward and give she hand a tender kiss . the other mary clap with approval . darnley rise and bow . mary how do you know ? darnley you hold you breath when I be about to err . 43 . ext . holyrood - countryside - day Mary and darnley walk alone , the four mary trail in the distance -- darnley the request be ours and she be kind enough to grant we passage . here we can worship as we choose . mary I doubt tis faith that bring you . Rather the land you father seek . or even the throne . darnley the throne ? mary why would Elizabeth grant you passport if she do not intend you as a suitor ? and by lay suit to I do not the House of lennox lay suit to all of Scotland ? darnley chuckle . Mary be offended . she stop , turn to he . mary ( cont 'd ) I amuse you . darnley aye . ( a beat ) madam - you must not be Elizabeth . mary how so ? darnley the woman life in fright - always suspect intrigue , always fearful of revolt . mary her fear be wise . we both have noble who would have we depose . darnley take the scolding without show a ounce of regret . the opposite . he smile back at she . darnley have I vex you ? 44 , Mary self - consciously bring she finger to she cheek and turn away . darnley place a hand on she face and turn she towards he . it 's a incredibly bold gesture . mary you dare touch a sovereign without she permission ? though she say this , she make no effort to remove he hand . darnley I can speak for neither my father nor Elizabeth . only for myself . he move he hand so that he palm rest on she cheek . darnley ( cont 'd ) and speak for myself , you have a loyal subject in you Henry , who would rather worship at you foot than at a Catholic mass . he lean in to kiss she on the lip . she turn she head away just before he lip reach hers . continue walk , she chest heaving from the close encounter . darnley begin to follow , several step behind . darnley ( cont 'd ) I shall keep walk with you then , until you object . Mary keep walk , unsure how to answer , a swirl of emotion . darnley catch up . offer he arm . she take it . and they continue to walk in silence - Mary 's vigilant mind battle with the long in she body . we hear the sound of lute string be pluck and CUT to -- int . holyrood - stairwell / hallway - night seton lead darnley up a spiral staircase by candlelight . as they reach the top of the stair she pause , see shadow . gesture for darnley to stop . blow out she candle . two noble pass in the hallway , not see seton and darnley in the shadow of the stairwell . once they have pass , she gesture for darnley to follow , and they continue on . 45 . int . holyrood - queen' chamber - night rizzio pluck the string casually . the mary ( minus seton ) be attend to Mary , powder she face , comb she hair , dabbing she wrist and neck with oil . rizzio look on as he play , a smile of appreciation at she beauty . Mary 's eye shine with anticipation and anxiety . the mary step away to have a look at they labor . rizzio - continue to play -- rizzio you glow , madam . time CUT to seton knock on the door from the outside to make that within aware of they arrival . seton and darnley enter . the mary curtsy and promptly exit . rizzio stay . Mary be not in sight . time CUT to rizzio help darnley remove he collar , he sleeve and he doublet , so that he be only wear he undershirt and breech . then rizzio gesture to the bed -- darnley you remain ? rizzio the Queen scarcely know you grace . rizzio pick up he lute , nearby . rizzio ( cont 'd ) but I shall play , and hear nothing . darnley circuit the bed to the other side , where the drape be draw open . Mary sit atop the bed , knee beneath she , look resplendent . rizzio perches himself on a stool and begin to pluck the lute once more , he finger match the music that have continue to play throughout the sequence thus far . we CUT back to the far side of the bed . darnley be still take in Mary 's beauty . mary ( nodd to a side table ) there be wine if you desire it . darnley fetch the bottle and pour a goblet . as he do -- mary ( cont 'd ) when I refuse you . I wish ... she avert she eye . she do not want to admit it . glance at the goblet of wine . 46 . mary ( cont 'd ) May I have some ? he hold out the goblet . she reach for it . but when she hand wrap around it , he place he other hand on hers . caress she finger with he . a intake of air from Mary . he slide she hand over the goblet rim , dip she finger within . then bring she finger to he lip and glosses they wet with the sherry . her mouth be parte , she breath quicken . his hand still on she wrist , he gently pull she forward . she close she eye and place she mouth on he . then move the tip of she tongue along the length of he lip , savour the wine on the tender flesh . he run he hand through the hair at the nape of she neck and pull she closer still , so that now she lip be fully press against he . time cut as we see kissing grow more passionate . Mary be give into a hunger she have not indulge before - except with frangois , who be not up to the task . there 's a ferocity to she desire , increasingly confident and instinctual . we see she run she hand along he leg , then between he thigh . when it find its mark she pull back . darnley what 's wrong ? mary do you not ... desire I ? darnley do not waste a moment . darnley lie back . he gently lay she back . kiss she collar bone , then she chest . make he way down to the fold of she dress . push they up along she bare leg . she start to retreat , grab he head by the hair and pull he up . mary we cannot ... darnley we will not . I promise you . this be not that . she 's confuse - not sure what he mean . 47 . darnley ( cont 'd ) have faith in I . do you have faith ? she 's unsure but she want to trust he . the fearless side of she take over . she nod . darnley lower himself again , he mouth against the thin fabric of she gown wringht between she thigh . we CUT to tight on she face as she gasp , he mouth alight she through the gown , a intense sensation beyond which any she think possible , and she be utterly lose in it . we CUT to -- she hand claw at the sheet she tooth clench as she suck in air she torso twist she eye widen she back arching she face as she convulse , gasp as she body shiver - the after shock still rippling through she , darnley slide up beside she . mary do you need to ...? darnley no . do not worry about I . he get up and pour two goblet . walk around to the other side of the bed where rizzio be still pluck . set one goblet down for rizzio . they lock eye . then darnley head back around and sit down in a chair . take a sip as he look over to Mary , who be now on she side , she back to he . on Mary , heart pound , slip into reverie , but also try to process what just occur . int . hampton court - privy council chamber - day Elizabeth at the head of the table , she counsellor assemble . she have recover from she small pox , but she still look pale and thin , and right now she be on the defensive . cecil and Dudley be in attendance . cecil without a treaty sign , this union strengthen she claim . elizabeth you need not condescend . we be well inform . 48 . cecil forgive we . we merely seek to protect you crown . ext . scottish countryside - day Mary ride on horseback , flanke by moray and maitland and a small party of noble and Guards in tow . they be on a day - trip to Arthur 's seat . maitland you can not wed he , madam . mary I do not wed he blindly . he have promise no ambition . maitland he understand that he would only be you consort ? not a King outright ? mary he do . maitland I find it difficult to believe that any man would settle for as much . we intercut between this two scene -- int . hampton court - privy council chamber randolph two Catholic wed . two stuart , madam ... cecil he have a claim of he own , even without betrothal . together they make a union of two claim . elizabeth she have a choose a englishman , as I ask . what recourse do I have ? cecil implore she to marry Lord Dudley . he be you first choice . Elizabeth look to Dudley , who look back sympathetically . 49 , ext . scottish countryside - day mary Dudley be she puppet . he offer no advantage . maitland unless she promise to make you heir . mary ( blood up ) where be this promise ? that have fail to appear this past four year ? int . hampton court - privy council chamber elizabeth I will not offer my Lord if it mean name she successor . randolph she will not accept he otherwise . elizabeth then let she refuse he . cecil on succession I agree . but darnley imperil we more . ext . scottish countryside - day moray he would provoke revolt among we noble . mary ( a sharp blow ) do you command so little respect that you could not discourage they ? int . hampton court - privy council chamber cecil we must not delay . you must forbid this marriage . on Elizabeth , ponder this . then she abruptly stand . the councillor follow suit . she exit without another word . cecil turn to Dudley with venom on he tongue . cecil ( cont 'd ) what chaos you have bring to we . 50 . ext . arthur be seat - day Mary and the other be near the crest . on darnley gallop fast on he horse past the other noble . he whirl around on he horse as he get to Mary , canter and step he horse sideways before she . moray and maitland eye he with the same contempt with which cecil beheld Dudley . darnley ( point ahead ) be that the top ? maitland aye . as he turn he horse to trot ahead -- moray no subject should ride before he Queen . darnley glance back . it 's a barb comment , remind he that would he marry the Queen he be still but a subject . Mary dispel any conflict by trot ahead of darnley . mary would he ? darnley though he would . Mary start to pick up speed . darnley accept the challenge , keep near , just a neck behind she . and now the two be gallop up the crest , a thunder of hoof between they two horse . CUT to Mary and darnley alone atop they horse at the crest of Arthur 's seat . Edinburgh and the countryside beyond stretch out before they . darnley ( cont 'd ) how it must feel ... to rule all that be within you sight . mary I be but its servant . darnley look to she , not quite understanding . she continue to gaze out at the view beneath . he look back out . a beat , and now she turn to he . mary ( cont 'd ) be you prepare to be its servant ? 51 . look back at she , eye ablaze . do she mean what he think she mean ? darnley it be right for the man to ask . mary then ask . he take she hand and bring it to he mouth , softly ... darnley before God ... kiss she hand lightly ... darnley ( cont 'd ) before all of Scotland ... he lean in , whisper in she ear ... darnley ( cont 'd ) before all the world ... he kiss the side of she neck . the touch of he lip send a jolt through she -- mary yes . into she ear again -- darnley you will be my Queen ? mary yes . darnley and I you King ? mary yes . and whisper into she ear -- darnley you master . she pull back and look he in the eye . a slight correction , but smile -- mary my husband . he laugh - giddy , joyful , not necessarily absorb the correction for what it be . 52 . she laugh in return , squeeze he hand . they both turn and once again gaze out upon the view together . int . holyrood - council chamber - day randolph stand before Mary , moray and maitland be present . randolph they be English subject , madam . if my Queen order they return , they must . mary she ask that I marry a English nobleman . and now she deprive I ? randolph her wish be that you should not marry this particular noble . mary you may tell you mistress I shall do so , with or without she bless . randolph madam - before you act rashly , please consider -- mary it be enough my own lord treat I as though I be but a girl ... on moray , about to step forward , but maitland hold he back . mary ( cont 'd ) I will not be treat as such by Elizabeth . I will be the woman she be not . I shall produce a heir , unlike she barren self . randolph be stunne silent and paralyze . mary ( cont 'd ) ( to a attendant ) prepare the ambassador 's horse . randolph bow and make for he exit . as he pass beaton she avert she eye so as not to make contact with he . as soon as he be go , moray step forward , incense . moray ( temper flaring ) reckless child . ( more ) moray ( cont 'd ) I have work too long and too hard with too much bloodsh to secure peace in we land . do not let you cursé passion rule you . 52a . 53. mary ( calm and cold ) tis you voice raise , sir . and you would lower it in my presence . moray have reach the break point , but he lower he voice - speak slowly and purposefully . moray if my counsel no longer have value , then I be oblige to withdraw from court . mary if you must . whether he be bluff or not , she have call it . and from the resoluteness in she eye , both we and moray know she be not bluff in response . int . hampton court - rooftop - day a cold day . both Elizabeth and cecil be bundle up . grey , discomfort sky . cecil ( 0.s. ) you have neither husband nor child . and you approach a age whereupon you can not bear they ... Elizabeth look out to the horizon , despondent . cecil ( cont 'd ) you must confront the truth , madam . displease as it may be . in a softer tone , more as a friend than a councillor -- cecil ( cont 'd ) I have confront that truth . she turn to he , surprised by the admission . also softly -- elizabeth you understand that I cannot . cecil will not . and I accept it . do I understand ...? cecil ( cont 'd ) no more than I understand God . elizabeth it be my choice . God would have a woman be a wife and mother . 54 . observational , not accusatory -- cecil so you defy he will . elizabeth no - I choose to be a man . off he look . he still fail to fathom she -- elizabeth ( cont 'd ) as child dream in they sleep after apple and in the morning , when they awake and find not the apple , they weep . such a man as I might marry , find himself disappointed , would not stop at weep . cecil ( finish she think ) he would conspire . elizabeth no Prince 's revenue be so great that they be able to satisfy the insatiable cupidity of man . cecil this I understand . elizabeth which be why you be the close thing I shall ever have to a wife . he laugh at this . it 's a tender , intimate moment . cecil I sha not mention you proposal to Lord Dudley . she laugh at this in return . elizabeth come and take my hand . he come over and take she hand . it do not feel romantic . it feel fraternal . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) I would be lose without you . and now it 's he who look out to the horizon . cecil my father despise my first wife . her name be Mary ... 55 . elizabeth there be no shortage of that . cecil ( chuckle ) indeed not . elizabeth despise she why ? cecil I marry she for love . ( beat ) it be foolish . she have no wealth or influence . but I adore she . and when she die - it leave I ... he shake he head , not want to complete the memory . but in he eye we can see the devastation she death wringht . Elizabeth squeeze he hand . he force the think out of he mind . his familiar coolness return . cecil ( cont 'd ) this world be a brutal place . it have no patience for such foolishness . ( turn to she ) we man must be wiser , must not we ? elizabeth tell I what to do . cecil we must make civil war in Scotland . Elizabeth ponder this , brow furrow , eye darken . they affection have shift back into realpolitik . Elizabeth remove she hand from cecil 's . elizabeth you would have I depose a sister monarch ? cecil it be either civil war there . or civil war here . on Elizabeth , weary . but a cold resolution come over she . cecil have see this look before . it 's what he hope for . elizabeth I want to know nothing of it . cecil the arrangement shall be mine alone . on Elizabeth 's face as we hear the sound of bag pipe ... 56 . int . holyrood - banquet hall - night tight on Mary 's hand - three royal marriage ring upon it - darnley 's hand enter frame , similarly ringed . Mary place she hand on he . drum strike up the dance . pull back to reveal mary and darnley stand alone in the centre of the hall hand on hand . the wedding banquet be over , the table be push back and the wedding guest stand around the hall watch . ext . scottish countryside - shore - day a fishing trawler be be drag on the shore , its goods cover in burlap to shield they from the rain . nearby on a rise be the silhouettes of half a dozen hood man on horseback . they begin to gallop down toward the wagon . int . holyrood - banquet hall - night the wedding dance continue and Mary and darnley be join by beton , seton & livingston and they dance partner . fleming encourage maitland to join the dance but he resist . mary notice maitland . other noble decline to dance and look on disapprovingly . Mary remain regal despite the lack of enthusiasm , although we can sense it bother she . darnley , be less able to hide he displeasure . int . holyrood - banquet hall - night darnley downs he drink in one gulp and gesture to he servant to refill he goblet . ext . scottish countryside - shore - day one of the six horseman pull back the burlap cover boat . we see nothing but hay until the wagon Driver push it aside and reveal a cache of pike , sword , crossbow and musket . we also see a small trunk . the nobleman open it . the trunk be full of gold and silver coin . one of the other man step forward to take a closer look . and within the hood we see that it be Lord moray . int . holyrood - banquet hall - night thirty male guest dance in line with military precision . it 's quite formal choreography . but a very drunk darnley insert himself into the dance , sloppy and grin . he be try to get the dancer to bow to he , the king . 56A . the dancer attempt to continue , but it 's difficult to navigate around he . on Mary , embarrassed by she husband . she look over to rizzio , who be strumm he lute . something should be do . rizzio take the cue . he stroll toward darnley , still strumm , in a half - walk , half - dance - circle darnley as though it 's all part of the choreography , then bring he arm around darnley from behind , place the lute at he chest , as though he arm be darnley 's arm . everyone laugh . it 's a comedic and graceful way to get darnley out of the way . he spin darnley as he 's strumm , walk he off to the side , almost as if all of it be plan . 57 . ext . salt marsh - day as the drum continue over the pipe we see foot soldier march in a column . int . holyrood - banquet hall - night on Mary watch something . we CUT to she Pov : it 's darnley and rizzio off to the side of the room , darnley on rizzio 's lap , drunkenly let he play the lute , laugh and pluck the string himself . back on Mary , perturb by both darnley 's drunkenness and rizzio 's familiarity with he . ext . salt marsh - outdoor Mass - day a continuation of scene 78 . the column of rebel soldier pass by knox , moray with he . knox be give blessing as they march past he , palm raise , mouth '' bless you '' and '' in service of the Lord . '' int . holyrood - darnley 's chamber - day tight on darnley 's face . he be pass out on he bed . a hand slap he face . 58 . and with the slap the pipe and drum stop . darnley open he eye , squinting . see Mary stand before he . we see that rizzio lay in the bed next to darnley . rizzio be stir now . be horrify to see Mary . mary ( to darnley ) rise and prepare yourself . as darnley sit up he see bothwell in the door . be surprised to see he in he Royal chamber . darnley be go . but bothwell do not budge . mary ( turn to bothwell ) he be in you care . ext . holyrood - the courtyard ( upper ) - day a officer be show she how to load and cock a pistol . he aim it at the wall and fire . with a loud bang and puff of smoke the lead ball leave a small crater in the plaster facade . he turn back to Mary . mary now I shall try . he hand she the pistol , bag of gunpowder and a lead ball . as she prepare the pistol for it 's next shot , rizzio - now dress - emerge from within and approach she . Livingston intercept he to prevent he get to Mary . livington rentre ! tu n'e pas digne de son regard . ( go back inside . you be not worthy of she eye ) . rizzio please ... livingston non. misérable ! canaille ! ( no . you wretch . you dog ) . ( to the Guards ) battez - le comme un Chien s’il s’approche encore plus . ( he should be beat like a dog if he draw nearer ) . but he try anyway . 58a . rizzio a word - a moment ... several Guards step forward to block he . Mary , witness all of this as she load the pistol , finally speak up -- mary let he approach . the Guards step aside . rizzio approach she sheepishly . then fall to he knee in front of she . rizzio ( in a whisper ) to have betrayed you in this way - I have no excuse - and I beg ... I beg that ... she keep she voice low as well . with some gentleness -- mary stand. 59 . he do . mary ( cont 'd ) you have not betrayed you nature . he be anguish by she kindness . mary ( cont 'd ) I can not fault you for succumb to he charm as I do . ( beat ) but we must be more careful now . he nod , grateful for she mercy . she raise the pistol and aim at the wall . she pull the trigger and bang ... on which we CUT to -- ext . mary 's camp —- day Mary ride at the vanguard . she be fitte with armour and a steel cap on she head , pistol in a saddle holster . bothwell be similarly armoure and armed . darnley ride a few yard behind they , wear a gild breastplate , look pale and weary . Mary look vibrant and at ease . she seem in she element , on the move , the head of a army 10,000 soldier strong . bothwell moray be march southwest , toward dumfries . mary the English can easily supply they there ... bothwell if we make good time we could cut they off before they reach the gate . or we fortify here and prepare for a siege , block the road south . mary what would you have we do ? bothwell meet they and end this now . darnley why give chase ? let they starve behind the wall of dumfries . 59a . bothwell if we lose sight , they could flank we . I want to flank they first . there 's a bridge they must use to cross annan . mary how far ? bothwell two day . but I can get we there in one . mary give the order . bothwell turn he horse around and begin riding down the line , shouting the order for a quickstep . the entire column begin to pick up speed , the foot soldier march more briskly . Mary wheel she horse around to follow bothwell down the line . darnley why give chase ? let they come to we . mary be you afraid Henry ? darnley no ... mary good . because we sword be not just for show . 60 . and she yank on the rein , trot down the line . off darnley , emasculate and alienate . time CUT to Mary on foot , lead she horse by the rein , walk side by side with the common foot soldier . as they walk briskly past she they each lower they head out of respect . Three young soldier walk past . they look no older than 16 . they be shy when she address they . mary ( cont 'd ) whence come you ? urie campbell the highlands , madam . this two from inverness . I be from thurso . mary fisherman ? urie campbell aye . mary I be sorry we have only mutton . two of the boy smile shyly at this . the third ( hector maclean ) , just smile at see the other two laugh . jame macdonald we be happy to have anything to eat , madam . mary Catholic ? jame macdonald ( nervously ) no , madam . she look to urie . he shake he head . mary ( to hector ) and you ? urie campbell he do not know Scots , madam . only gaelic . 61 . mary tell he I be grateful for he service . urie campbell tha a bhanrigh taingeil airson do sheirbheis . hector maclean tha e moiteil a bhi to shearbhant don bhan righ agus tha e deonach basachadh air a son . urie campbell he say he 's proud to serve he Queen . and to give he life if he must . mary tell he : if any of we should die today , we all go to the same heaven . urie campbell ma bhasaichea duine againn a diugh , theid sinn dhan aon neamh ! hector smile at she and make the sign of the cross . on Mary , grateful and inspire by the show of loyalty as they continue walk onward . ext . copse of tree - day it 's get late in the afternoon now . we hear the steady beat of a rebel drummer give tempo to the march . a impatient moray berate he man . from a mound cover in twisted pine , we see the man trudge along a curve track . ahead of they be a bridge , which ford a fast - flow river . moray and he man be on its West Bank . this , unbeknownst to moray , be mary 's point of view . the air be heavy with midge . the soldier be fatigue lug expensive , heavy musket and weaponry : cecil 's supplies . moray ride up and down the line , drive the troops forward . frustrate , he command the rebel drummer to pick up the tempo . moray double it . the rebel drummer switch to a quick -step beat . the man start to pick up they foot . again we see the track from above , where the road curve away from we at each end . moray spot a oncoming obstruction head towards the bridge from the East Bank of the river : a herd of highland cattle and four drover . 61a . moray ( cont ’d ) ( to the rebel drummer ) halt . the rebel drummer perform a flourish and stop drum . the troops halt . moray and moray 's second ride forward to prevent the cattle from block the bridge . moray ( cont ’d ) stand aside . we must pass . the four drover ignore he shout and , as moray and moray 's second reach the East Bank , the cattle flow around they , block the bridge and stranding moray and moray 's second on the East Bank . as the herd of cattle flow across the bridge , the first of three loud , slow drumbeat be hear . at the first beat , the rebel Army stutter forward . mistake the drumbeat for he rebel drummer - - moray ( cont 'd ) halt I say ! but the drum beat come from jame macdonald , Mary 's drummer , who stand by mary above the track . with the second , slow drumbeat , the rebel drummer look around . it 's not he . where be it come from ? he panic , throw off he drum to aid he retreat . the panic be beginning to spread . what 's go on ? this be a ambush . the third beat coincide with a order from moray 's second -- moray 's second form up ! form up -- mid-shout , he be unhorse by a drover , who swing at he with he drove stick . Mary 's man fall from above . it be a highland charge . deadly , simple , they stream down the hill from where mary command they , drive moray 's man into the river . moray 's man try to mount they heavy musket and take aim but the Mary 's man be upon they . urie campbell and hector maclean charge down the hill , urie spot a musket take aim at hector and push he out of the way , they both slip down the slope , avoid the musket fire , find they foot and charge onwards . moray 's man be hit hard from Mary 's side and drive into the river . escape to the East Bank , they be meet by more of Mary 's man , who have lain in wait , anticipate the man in the river . maroon on the bridge , in the midst of highland cattle , moray look from side to side of the bridge and see he soldier and they heavy equipment be lose and slaughter in the river . 62 . he see he precious gun and powder float and moray try to hack he way out of the cattle , attempt to get back to he side . see moray slashing he way through the highland cattle , bothwell leave Mary 's side . moray arrive back at the West Bank , just to find he army desert up the road away from he . he be confront by bothwell , charge down the track towards moray . as bothwell stream through the retreate soldier , he dispatch three man , slice through they . moray panic , he tremble hand try to load he gun . back to bothwell riding he down . in he panic moray drop he gun , bothwell be second from he . just before impact , Mary raise she hand . a bugle give bothwell the instruction to halt . bothwell pull up , nose to nose with moray . moray see Mary on she mound , realise that she have mastermind the whole ambush . he look back to bothwell , who back away , ushere moray down the track to he retreat . in the river , we see moray 's drum float towards we as he man flee . moray rear he horse with one last look to Mary , then gallop away in flight with he man . on Mary . she do not need to slaughter she brother or give chase . she have accomplish what she need to . 63 . int . scottish countryside - day Mary ride triumphantly at the head of she column , glow from she victory . down the line , soldier # 3 lead a gaelic chant . a rough and lovely song of praise . the whole troop join in . Mary glance over at darnley , who be wave back , accept they affirmation . int . holyrood - queen' chamber - night Mary be be undress by the four mary . they be almost finish when there be a knock at the door . it open , revealing darnley . he 's visibly inebriated . darnley you summon ? Mary nod to the four mary , who quickly exit . they close the door behind they . mary how much have you have ? darnley celebrate we victory , my love . she go to he - all business - and begin to unbutton the fly on he breech . darnley ( cont 'd ) what be you do ? she slide she hand in and begin to stroke he . he pull away . she place a hand on he chest . gently -- mary Close you eye . he do . she continue to stroke . mary ( cont 'd ) you be almost there . darnley I can not ... I have have too much to drink ... 64 . mary think of rizzio . he open he eye , furious . slap she hard in the face . she reel , place a hand to she cheek . he get up and grab she by the wrist . pull she over to the bed and bend she over , press she face down into the sheet . while he 's hold she down he begin to jerk himself , to get himself hard enough . Mary do not struggle . she want a child , whatever she must endure to produce one . sufficiently hard , darnley push up Mary 's gown and begin to forcibly take she from behind . Mary wince . it 's painful . it 's degrade . but she know it will be over soon . and it be - in less than 30 second . darnley grunt with he climax , then stumble out of the room . on Mary , try to hold back tear . it be awful , but she achieve what she want to . she climb onto the bed and lay down on she back . pull she knee up to she chest . a few moment later the four mary re-enter . they see from Mary 's position that the deed be do . mary ( cont 'd ) pray for I . the four mary kneel around the bed and lower they head in prayer . during which we begin to hear a priest 's voice from the high Latin mass ... priest ( v.o. ) incensum istud a the benedictum , ascendat ad the ... int . holyrood - chapel - day tight on the Priest swinging a incense thurible -- priest ..- domine , et descendat super nos misericordia tua ... the Latin continue as we watch the coloured light through the stain glass window traverse the floor in time - lapse . CUT to tight on the thurible as it swing . CUT to tight through a clear pane in the window , we watch a flower bloom in time - lapse . CUT to darnley kneel before the altar as the Priest conduct the mass . 65 . priest ( cont 'd ) accendat in nobis dominus ignem sui amoris , et flamma aeternae caritatis . amen . darnley amen . the Priest hand the thurible to a altar boy . turn to darnley . priest shall I wait for she majesty before I celebrate communion ? darnley look behind he . the rest of the chapel be empty . abruptly he stand up and head for the exit . int . holyrood - queen' chamber - day tight on Mary 's face as we hear darnley pound on the door . from outside we hear -- darnley ( 0.s. ) we must speak , Mary . the pound do not stop . we pull back to see she lay on the bed beneath the cover . rizzio be sit by she side , hold she hand . she 's try to ignore the pound but it will not stop . she turn to rizzio - - mary let he in . rizzio go the door . undoe the bolt and open it . darnley be surprised to see he . darnley what be you ...? mary come , Henry . he brushes past rizzio and go to the bed . rizzio and the lady exit . darnley you would have David here and bar you husband ? Mary close she eye . she do not want to be deal with this . darnley go over to the seat where rizzio be sit . a gentler tack , with a much softer tone . 66 . darnley ( cont 'd ) I be at mass . I wish you at my side . mary you should not be attend Catholic service . it insult we lord . darnley when I be annoint they will afford I the same respect as you . Mary do not respond . darnley get anxious . darnley ( cont 'd ) you promise . she still stay nothing . he pull back the cover and place he hand on she stomach . she 's clearly show - now five month pregnant . darnley ( cont 'd ) would you have he father be nothing but a consort ? mary we know not if it 's a he . darnley can not check he temper any longer -- darnley I be more than a sire to a mare . mary please , I be tired ... darnley do you love I ? Mary do not respond . darnley ( cont 'd ) do you love I ? mary you be a Stuart . that matter more than love . we see fury in he eye . but he need she , so he have to dampen he rage . darnley yes , you be tired and know not what you say . 67 . int . holyrood - banquet hall - night darnley sit at the head table , a empty seat next to he , deject . the other guest be talk amongst themselves . then a hush . head swiveling . everyone stand and turn to the main door . Mary 's lady stand behind she . she look resplendent . a warm smile , she face glow with forthcoming motherhood . her dress be equally stun . there be no effort to hide the bump in she belly . as she make she way to the head table the guest murmur to each other , presumably about she pregnancy . she take she place at darnley 's side but remain stand to address the guest . with infectious charm -- mary if you have wonder where you Queen be this past few month , now there be no secret . the whisperings can end . spring come bear fruit . laughter and applause among the guest . mary ( cont 'd ) my husband and I give thanks . she take darnley 's hand and smile . he force a smile in return . this be all for show . mary ( cont 'd ) with heaven 's bless we bring another Stuart into this world , heir to Scotland ... and to England . the addition of '' England '' be provocative . people begin to applaud , although some be too jolted to do so . we pop to randolph , who turn to maitland with shock . maitland she speak for herself . randolph do she councilor fail to advise she ? maitland we advise she endlessly , sir . not that she heed we . randolph you must do better . 68 . maitland better than you own Queen 's council ? maitland have a point . more reflectively -- randolph how do the world come to this ? maitland Wise man service the whim of woman ? randolph aye ... they look back toward Mary as the applause die down . darnley help Mary into she chair , almost as if he 's a servant . he glance to he father , lennox . ext . hampton court - stable - day Elizabeth stare at a mare on the ground , a newborn foal lay beside she . a stable hand be stroking the foal . stable hand he ’1ll make a fine stallion . elizabeth May I ? stable hand of course , madam . Elizabeth kneel down and pet the foal . it attempt to lift its head but be still weak . a smile on Elizabeth 's face . int . hampton court - stable - day cecil and Elizabeth walk . cecil it be a clear provocation . she know well Lord randolph would report . elizabeth what would you have we do ? go to war over some reckless word ? cecil not we - she brother . he hope to raise a second army . if we assist he ... 69 . elizabeth ( firmly ) as we do he first ? cecil ( gingerly ) I shall not fail you twice . which be the close he come to a apology . she do not reply . then calmly , but insistent -- cecil ( cont 'd ) madam , we cannot let she name you successor . she have no right . elizabeth when I be dead and she be dead and you be dead , it matter not what name we say or do not say . the world will decide for itself . cecil look puzzle and disturb . he can not decipher she meaning , but he do not like the tone of it -- cecil now be not the time to soften ... but Elizabeth be distract by the sound of bray . she stop to look at the mare and the foal in the distance with the stable Hand . the foal be already on its foot , if wobbly . elizabeth it 's a fine day , be not it ? she tilt she face to the sun . cecil be perplex . she begin to walk toward the mare and foal . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) I shall see you inside . cecil watch she go for a few moment , perplex , then turn and walk toward the palace . Elizabeth near the horse , then stop , watch the foal suckle from its mother . she squint from the sun and raise a hand to shield she eye . notice she own shadow . look down at it . turn so that the shadow be in profile . lower she arm and pull the front hem of she dress so that the shadow show a bulge where she stomach be . consider this silhouette for a moment , then drop the dress . she smooth the fabric flat . int . holyrood - queen' chamber - night 97 Mary be in a basin , receive a bath . she be wear a bathing gown in the water , as be custom . 70 . the four mary attend to she , wiping she neck and arm with damp cloth . her belly rise just above the waterline like a dome . livingston vous lui donnerez quel prénom , si c’est une fille ? ( what will you name she , if it 's a girl ? ) beaton Elizabeth . the woman laugh . mary Margaret , I think - after my grandmother . to remind she that she be as much tudor as Stuart . ( beat ) she be also Henry 's grandmother . fleming will you name it after he , if it 's a boy ? mary I think not . he share the same name as Elizabeth 's father . livingston vous lui donnerez peut -étre le prénom de votre propre pére ? ( perhaps you name he after you own . ) mary ( try it out ) James ... she let the name echo in she head . she like it . then -- mary ( cont 'd ) oh - look ... he like it too ... the woman look at the dome of she belly poke above the water . there be small ripple across the surface from the baby kick . all five woman stare in fascination . prelap : the sound of hoove as we go tight on the ripple . int . carlisle , england - inn - private room - night the room be small and cramped . a cot , a simple desk and chair and no more . moray , only in he shirt , look out a window at something below , although we be on he instead of what he see . 71 . he proceed to put on he doublet to make himself more presentable as we hear footfalls come up rickety stair . a knock at the door . moray open it a crack to verify who it be , then let the visitor enter . it 's a man in a hood cloak . he pull out a chair for the man , who remove he hood , revealing lennox . lennox Elizabeth could not do better ? moray ignore the slight . sit down on the edge of the cot . lennox sit across . lennox ( cont 'd ) we too know what it be to be exile . moray ( straight to business ) you letter say you have a proposal . lennox have you burn it , as I ask ? moray reach over to the desk and pick up a small plate cover with ash -- moray once Mary bear a child ... dump into the ground at lennox 's foot . moray ( cont ’d ) there be no need for you son . as lennox brushes some of the stray ash off he stocking -- lennox a infant can not grant you pardon . lennox ( cont 'd ) it be right that you should return from exile . and it be right that my son should be King . lennox look back up - meet moray 's eye with frosty shrewdness - — lennox ( cont 'd ) as King he would do what be right ... int . holyrood - darnley 's chamber - night maitland and lennox address darnley , who be stare into he fireplace at the flame , drink from a goblet . 72 . maitland David rizzio . he be a liability to you rightful place as King . darnley fetch a carafe to refill he goblet . lennox enough . this be serious matter . darnley set down the goblet , turn to maitland . darnley be it bothwell who spread this rumour ? lennox you sin be well know in court . you have do little to hide they . darnley I have ... when I drink ... I do not know what I do ... maitland ( pivote , gingerly ) let we not dwell on that . we speak of rizzio 's relation with you wife . darnley with Mary ...? you be mistaken . maitland do he not spend more time with the Queen than you grace ? why else would she make a common minstrel she private secretary ? darnley it cannot be . lennox ( impatient ) what matter if it be true ? darnley I be not a cuckold . lennox would you rather the honest truth be tell ? that you be a sodomite ? darnley pale at the accusation . lennox go in for the kill , he impatience give force to he voice -- lennox ( cont 'd ) we must erase you sin , and either you be the adulterer or it be she . 72a . maitland pick up a quill and hold it out to darnley . maitland the other lord have sign . darnley take the quill and dip it in the inkwell , then bend over a parchment on the write desk . 73. int . holyrood - back stairwell - night the conspirator head single file up the spiral stair to the Queen 's chamber , darnley and lennox amongst they . lennox look sure of himself . darnley look hesitant . int . holyrood - queen' chamber - night Mary , rizzio , seton and Fleming be play card in the small dining closet attach to the main room . tight on the table as rizzio lay down a jack of club . Mary lay down a king on top of rizzio 's jack . take the trump with a smile . rizzio shake he head , smile too - - rizzio you have be save that ... mary ( teasing ) it 's the only good card I - - but she 's interrupt by the sound of a door burst open in the main chamber , follow by the sound of boot . before she can even rise , conspirator be pour into the room . maitland spy rizzio in the dining cabinet . maitland ( to rizzio ) come with I , sir . Mary be stand now . step in front of rizzio as darnley and lennox appear in the doorway . darnley stand aside . mary you dare charge into my chamber unannounced and -- lennox ( to two lord ) now . and the two lord lunge with dagger , attempt to reach around Mary to stab rizzio . the woman scream . Mary be shocked at the sight of the weapon . mary I be with child ... lennox grab Mary and push she toward darnley . 74 . lennox ( to darnley ) take she . darnley seem stunne himself , but pull she out of the room . maitland , try to set she at ease -- maitland ( to Mary ) all that be do be the King 's own deed and action . he glance at darnley as he say this . Mary glare at he . the King ? darnley be pale and shaking . this be more than he can take . Fleming be horrify that she lover have anything to do with this . move toward maitland -- fleming William - what be you -- maitland do not interfere . two conspirator make they way toward rizzio . Fleming try to get in the way of they , but maitland grab she by the wrist and yank she aside . she fall to the ground . rizzio cower , begging for mercy , but the conspirator yank he out of the room . as he 's be drag across the chamber Mary rush forward -- mary no ... but one of the conspirator hold a pistol up to she , cocked at she belly , where she unborn child lie . then she hear a moan . look over to see the melee by the main door . conspirator stabbing rizzio relentlessly . the conspirator step aside , revealing a bloody rizzio on the ground , he near lifeless eye still open , labor breath come from he riddled chest . he look to Mary . she want to go to he , but still have the pistol point at she . maitland ( to darnley ) you must make the final blow . darnley be overcome with fear himself , and sicken by the bloody body before he . but he manage to pull out he dagger and take a few step toward rizzio before stop . lennox go on. 75 . darnley I can not ... lennox have no more patience for he son 's timidity . he grab darnley by the wrist and drag he over to rizzio , then drive darnley 's knife - laden hand into rizzio to deal the final blow . darnley let go of the dagger , horrify . it remain in rizzio 's chest . on Mary now , break into sob as she sink to she knee . ext . scottish countryside - night bothwell gallop away from Edinburgh - alone on he horse , no accompaniment - flee for he life . he glance back as he ride , make sure he 's not be follow . int . holyrood - queen 's chamber - day silence except for a swish sound ... Mary and darnley sit on opposite side of the room , still both in shock . Mary 's tear be go , but she eye be still red , and she 's make still by a oppressive numbness . we CUT to the source of the swish sound . kate be scrubbing the floor where rizzio 's corpse be . a Guard be stand near she , keep he eye on Mary . kate finish . wipe she brow , and exit with the scrub brush and bucket . back on darnley , who glance over at Mary . she seem to be stare beyond the wall into a bleak and uncertain future . darnley he beguile we both , Mary . he bring we both dishonour . mary you be try to usurp my crown . maitland , hearing the hot exchange from the adjacent chamber , look inside to see what 's happen . darnley ( to Mary , point ) have I not bring you a child ? as much for maitland 's benefit as darnley 's -- mary one minute make not a man . nor do you stupor , which make you more woman than a man . 76 . this sting darnley to the core . he stand , muster all the authority he can . darnley beg forgiveness . for you insult . mary I shall not . during which a attendant enter , whisper to maitland . maitland turn to darnley . maitland ( approach darnley ) bothwell have escape . darnley turn to he , processing . Mary take note . darnley turn back to Mary , he fury rise -- darnley this be you fault . this chaos . you swore obedience to I on the day of we marriage . mary you be a traitor . ( to maitland ) as be you . ( back to darnley ) and until I be kill , and forever after , God will see you as such . maitland you will not be kill , madam . ( to darnley ) let we go . we have much business . Lord moray will arrive soon . mary my brother conspire ...? maitland you brother return to assist you husband . it 's a blow for Mary - the depth of the treachery . darnley I want a drink . where be the ... he look around for a bottle of something . head into the small dining closet . so as not to be hear -- mary ( to maitland ) be I to be imprison here alone ? ( more ) 77 . mary ( cont 'd ) or may I have the company of my gentlewome ? maitland you may not , madam . mary then at least let my husband remain . or would you have a drunkard for a King ? a beat . then maitland exit , close the door behind himself . upon hearing the door close , darnley re-enter the main bedroom . see maitland go -- mary ( cont 'd ) come Henry . I do not feel well . she get up from the chair , then sway , seem off - balance . darnley head over to lend she a arm . mary ( cont 'd ) will you forgive my harsh word ? darnley if you will forgive mine . mary help I into bed ... she take he arm as they head to the bed . ext . holyrood - courtyard - day moray enter the gate on horseback flanke by two armed guard . maitland hurriedly approach as he dismount . they exchange a few word . moray walk with brisk urgency toward the entrance , maitland close behind . int . holyrood - queen 's chamber - day moray and maitland enter to find Mary on the bed , clutching she stomach , moan in pain . darnley be beside she , with the four mary and kate . moray she feign . Mary look over at moray - surprised to see he ... mary brother ... 78 . kate we will need to undress she . moray come . all of you . she be fine . kate if we do not attend to she now , we may lose the child . moray ( to darnley ) she feign . mary ( to moray ) please ... Mary grip darnley 's arm , gritting she tooth in pain . mary ( cont 'd ) it be you son . darnley ( to kate and seton ) do what you must . ( to moray ) out. moray Sir ... darnley out I say . moray reluctantly exit . seton ( to darnley ) you grace ... darnley yes ...of course ... and darnley exit too . as soon as the door be shut , Mary sit up , completely fine . moray be right . she feign . in whisper to the woman -- mary who else have they kill ? beaton no one . Lord bothwell have fle . fleming ( distraught ) madam - have I know ... 79 . mary it be do . fleming he say nothing and I be sick with hate . I shall never forgive he or have anything to do with he again . mary compose yourself . we must be strong now . Fleming nod . Mary get up and retrieve a gold , jewel - encrust cross from she personal altar . head to the desk and retrieve a letter opener . mary ( cont 'd ) ( to Fleming ) let they hear I . as I be . Fleming begin to moan as Mary be . meanwhile Mary start to pry the sapphire loose with the opener . ext . holyrood - evening seton scurries across the courtyard and approach the Guard stand sentry at the gate . maitland man 1 you may not pass , madam . seton remove a seal parchment from the fold of she dress and hold it out for the Guard . seton Lord bothwell . seton slip she finger into she pocket and pull out the sapphire from the cross . place it in the Guard 's hand . he marvel at it . seton then give he the letter . 80 . int . holyrood - queen' chamber - night Mary and darnley in bed . she be in she night clothes now , look spend . darnley still have he arm wrap around she . they talk quietly , with they eye close , like lover . darnley be you hungry ? mary not yet . he grip she tighter , pull she close . he run a palm across she belly . a pause . then -- darnley they force I to . I do not know - not until they arrive . and I be drunk . I believe they . I know not what I do ... she know it 's a utter lie , but she offer compassion -- mary maitland be very persuasive . darnley yes ... mary my brother even more so . you must be careful of they both . a beat as she let this settle in , then -- mary ( cont 'd ) they will take you crown as well as mine . she let this sink in for he . then -- mary ( cont 'd ) we should leave here . darnley do not answer . Mary press , gingerly . mary ( cont 'd ) it 's best . for all three of we . she place she hand on the one he have on she belly . int . holyrood - hallway - day darnley with maitland , moray and lennox . moray not before she sign the pardon . 81 . maitland we be draw up the papers now . darnley we will not wait on secretary . maitland it 's important that the people do not accuse that who participate as traitor . they must be pardon so there be no doubt of they loyalty to the crown . moray when she sign , then you may go . darnley be I to be tell what I may and may not do ? ( defiant ) who be this that give I order ? ( to maitland ) a mere Lord ? ( to moray ) a bastard half - brother ? ( to they both ) be I not the King to whom you promise fealty before you carry out you violence ? this King shall go where he please with he wife when it please he . bring the papers to we at linlithgow . and do not mistake you place again . and darnley exit . moray and maitland exchange a exasperate glance . int . hampton court - privy council chamber - day the Council be assemble . among they cecil and Dudley . silence . they wait patiently for Elizabeth . it feel as though they have be there for a long while . eventually Dudley stand up -- 82 . int . hampton court - queen 's chamber - day two lady hold up Elizabeth 's finish quilling design . Elizabeth examine it , bess at she side . Elizabeth be not pleased with it . she point to a corner where we see a interplay of leave and flower . elizabeth the flower be all of one colour . bess ( puzzle ) poppy be red . I know of no other colour that they -- elizabeth in the light they be many colour . Red and other . nature be more subtle ... and confusing ... from bess 's expression we can tell she have no idea what Elizabeth be talk about . a knock . they all turn . the door open , revealing Dudley . dudley the council be meet . News from Scotland . elizabeth what do you think ? she point to the quilling . dudley Lovely . elizabeth be the flower not too plain ? dudley the news be urgent ... elizabeth ( to Dudley , fierce ) what news do I want from Scotland ? bloodsh ? go conspire among yourselves . Dudley be surprised and shake by the outburst , but he know Elizabeth well enough not to press she . dudley very well . he exit . Elizabeth turn back to bess and she lady , who be as surprised as Dudley be . regard the quilling -- 83 . elizabeth burn it . I shall begin again . the lady stand motionless . not sure if she mean it . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) burn it I say . they take the quilling to the fireplace and lay it within the flame . tight on the carefully construct flower charr and uncurl from the heat . int . linlithgow palace - day Mary , darnley and they small entourage approach the castle . int . linlithgow palace - evening Mary and darnley enter . we see score of soldier . darnley be not expect this and we can read it on he face . as the two enter , a command be give and the soldier all turn to stand at attention . darnley see bothwell , fully armored . turn to Mary ... darnley ( to Mary ) be this you ...? by now bothwell have approach with two Guards . bothwell ( to darnley ) you chamber be ready . darnley look back at Mary . mary do not make they use force . darnley 's shocked by the betrayal . int . holyrood - council chamber - day moray , maitland , knox and lennox be meet . maitland they have at least five hundred . more be on the way . lennox then we shall raise we own army . 84 . moray ( fatigue ) there be no appetite for war . knox so let we stir a appetite . moray when last we raise a army it be still but half of hers with England 's will be moray 's pessimism she have parlay . 's help . without England we crush . surprise they all . moray ( cont ’d ) outmanoeuvred we . now we int . linlithgow palace - hallway - day moray and maitland be be escort down the hall to the receiving room by bothwell and several Guards . int . linlithgow palace - receiving room - day a very pregnant Mary look over a document . bothwell to the side . maitland and moray glance at each other anxiously as she finish read , look up -- mary my husband claim he know nothing of you plot until the day itself . moray that be not true . he sign a bond . with he own hand . maitland if you wish it destroy , however ... mary not destroy . ( hold up the document ) we shall sign this pardon as soon as you produce the bond . maitland look to moray . moray nod . this can be do . maitland aye , madam . 85 . ext . linlithgow palace - countryside - day Mary and moray walk side by side . there be soldier campe outside the palace . mary you visit mother and I here , before we leave for France . do you remember ? moray yes . that be ... tumultuous time ... mary here , in this field - you lift I high when I say I wish to be a bird . moray ( awkward chuckle ) if you say so ... mary I understand why you would not remember a trifling thing like that . of what consequence be the fancy of a little girl . moray not all little girl be bear to be queen . mary I should like you to hold my child up one day , and make he fly as you make I . she look to he . he be not sure what to say . mary ( cont 'd ) he will be bear a Prince . and one day King . I want he to love he uncle and to be bear into a peaceful land . moray I wish the same . mary then will you love you sister as you would love she child ? he do not answer . 86 . mary ( cont 'd ) for she still love you , and if it be a son , she will call he James , for both he grandfather and he uncle . moray turn , overcome with emotion - a rare event for he . Mary touch he arm . mary ( cont 'd ) James ... he turn back to she , swallow he tear , clenching he jaw to prevent himself from weep . moray I do not deserve you kindness . she be as move hearing it , as he be say it . she take he hand and kiss it . 87 . ext . scottish countryside - day writing the letter herself Mary ride in the back of a cover wagon with the four mary , too pregnant to ride on she own . a few soldier accompany the wagon . she look out onto landscape , take in the stark beauty of she Kingdom . she seem secure - sure of herself - far more so than when she first arrive in Scotland . during which -- 88 . mary ( v.o. ) my dearest cousin - we have have we difference and what sorrow it have bring my heart . but before I bring a child into this world ... int . hampton court - queen 's chamber - day tight on a flat blade quilling a strip of paper for a half - finish flower . unlike before , the flower be a blend of several coloured papers , give they a shade look -- mary ( v.o. ) ... I wish to reconcile . I would we child have two mother ... the hand with the blade suddenly pause at this , freeze half - curl . mary ( v.o. ) ++.a mother who bear he ... we pull back to see it be Elizabeth , listen as bess read the letter to she - although it be still Mary 's voice we hear . mary ( v.o. ) .»+- and you , he choose godmother ... Elizabeth be visibly move by this . she set the blade down . mary ( v.o. ) no child would be more bless . int . holyrood - side chamber - day Mary squat as she be in labor , as child be birthed in she time . her hair be matte with sweat , she face flushed from pain . kate and the four mary be at she side . elizabeth ( v.o. ) I be tell the labor be long , but only with suffer do we know joy . what great joy than to have ... a son to call you own . humbly do I accept you invitation to be he godmother , that I might share in you happiness ... as the bloody infant James be bring forth with one final , painful push from Mary -- elizabeth ( v.o. ) ..- what be more , we should return the issue of inheritance now that a new generation be upon we ... 89 . int . holyrood - queen chamber - day James - wipe clean , fast asleep - be be swaddle . mary ( v.o. ) you term be most agreeable , and delight we greatly . it be only right that you heir succeed you if you marry ... the exhaust but smile Mary on she bed as the swaddle baby be place into she arm for the first time . mary ( v.o. ) .-- and bear child of you own . int . hampton court - stable - day Elizabeth ride in a circle around the corral , hold the rein of a second horse - the foal ( now a pony ) - training it to be comfortable with a bridle . mary ( v.o . ) .-- and should you not , it be my son 's great honor to rule by you sublime example . time CUT to Elizabeth help to remove the bridle and then petting the horse for have do well . elizabeth ( v.o. ) we must meet he soon , that we might kiss he and show he we love . and so that both he mother might meet , who for too long have not . int . holyrood - queen' bedchamber - night Mary be seat in the corner , breast - feed she infant , a warm , glow maternal smile on she face as she look down at the suckling child . the four mary be present . a knock at the door . Fleming head to answer the door as seton retrieve a linen shawl to cover Mary 's breast as the child continue to feed . once cover , Mary nod to Fleming , who open the door , revealing darnley and bothwell . darnley look meek , and the worse for wear . 89a . darnley ( be the child ) May I ...? mary come . darnley go over . bothwell avert he eye so as not to see the Queen in undress . darnley look down on the child . attempt to stroke he cheek . but as soon as he do , the child begin to cry . mary ( cont 'd ) shhhh . but the child keep cry . beaton come over . Mary hand the child off to she . beaton rock the child back and forth as Mary pull the shawl over herself . darnley ( a weak smile ) strong lung . Mary , calm and direct -- mary we have procure a house for you . bothwell will see you there . a beat - darnley comprehend the implication of she word . darnley you imprison I ? Mary point to a document on she desk . mary be this not you name ? darnley go over to it . look down . he 's catch , momentarily freeze . but the inveterate liar that he be , he retort with -- darnley it be forge . mary Henry ... darnley I swear . mary it be you hand . 89b . darnley they must have - they must have ply I with wine . they trick I into it . that scheme devil ... mary stop ... darnley or that heretic knox - possess I with some demon that take hold of my spirit ... bothwell he be mad ... darnley ( lash out at bothwell ) be I ? be I mad ? yes then , I be mad . ( to Mary ) for I would never with my own free will -- as he approach she , desperate -- darnley ( cont 'd ) ..- you must believe I . but bothwell step in between and grab he arm . darnley ( cont 'd ) let go , you brute . but bothwell do not . he look to Mary again , almost childlike -- darnley ( cont 'd ) please ... be I not to see my own son ? be he not to know he father ...? mary ( calmly ) for you child 's sake , be content with a pardon and you life . ( glance at the child ) you may say good - bye . beaton bring the child over to darnley . darnley try to touch the child 's face again , but it only wail louder . the possibility that this may be the last time he ever see James get to darnley . he begin to weep . to Mary -- darnley forgive I ... for the love of God ... mary go now . 89c . darnley my darling ... she take the child from beaton . as she begin to rock he , he stop cry . darnley ( cont 'd ) I beg you ... mary ( to bothwell ) take he . bothwell approach darnley and take he arm . but he will not be man-handle again . he wrest he arm away , and with the last bit of dignity he can muster , he exit on he own , bothwell follow . on Mary - rock the child in she arm as she watch darnley and bothwell exit . int . holyrood - council chamber - day Mary 's assemble Council - include moray , maitland and bothwell - stand when she enter . time CUT to everyone seating , mid-conversation -- maitland you must divorce he , madam . mary it be forbidden . maitland not by the Church of Scotland . 90 . mary he be the father of my child . I will not do he such a indignity . bothwell he threaten flight to England . should he raise a army there -- mary Elizabeth would not welcome he . she be not so foolish as to choose a degenerate over she sister . int . elizabeth 's council - day Elizabeth 's council similarly gather . cecil if you grant she succession then we be reward she disobedience . elizabeth what disobedience ? she be not we subject . randolph and yet you would make we hers . elizabeth ( with heat ) what have you produce in all you travel between we kingdom ? discord . war. death . and now you have the boldness to doubt my judgment ? you have better question yours . randolph , chin high , try to maintain as much dignity as possible -- randolph I regret that you perceive I as a failure . cecil ( step in ) we serve you fully , with all we heart . any one of we would gladly die for you . but Mary be we foe , and a Catholic . be it not within we rights to ask that we never bow to she as we bow before you ? elizabeth she be only you Queen if I should not produce a heir . 90a . cecil and will you , madam ? for you have give we little hope so far . int . holyrood - council chamber - day maitland darnley be curse . we who have wronge you on he behalf seek only to prevent more wrong . mary he be harmless . bothwell not so . when I deliver he to he lodging he scream thing most profane , and speak of regicide . 91 . mary you have command army against army . now you fear a single man ? bothwell I do not claim to fear he . mary then why advocate divorce ? bothwell my oath be to defend you safety . mary so you do fear he . bothwell no , I ... what I mean ... bothwell grasp for word . rhetoric be not a strength . mary just as you vow to protect I , I vow loyalty to my husband - however regrettable that vow may be . I owe he neither comfort nor title , but I will not become a lady Henry eighth , dispense with husband as he do wife . int . elizabeth 's council - day elizabeth despite you every effort she have prevaile . she have prove herself , in fact , far more capable than my own privy Council . ( sardonically ) should I die before my time , we could do worse than to place she on the throne of England . int . holyrood - council chamber - day mary ... I have bring peace to we land , produce a heir to my throne and arrange succession to my sister 's . we strength be secure . her command of the room be total . then , with a softer tone -- mary ( cont 'd ) let my husband rave and threaten . we pity he madness , and it be punishment enough . 92 . as Mary stand , the lord begin to stand and -- int . holyrood - council chamber - day noble be exite the receiving Hall . maitland and other be in a small conspiratorial group . as moray pass - — maitland Sir , join we ... he ignore they and keep walk . maitland be surprised . bothwell emerge . maitland turn he attention to bothwell -- maitland ( cont 'd ) my Lord , you argue well in Council . May we borrow you wisdom for a moment ? bothwell be sceptical but intrigue . the circle open to he . int . holyrood - queen 's bedchamber —- evening three year old jame see something in the ash of the fireplace and teeter towards it . int . private house - cellar - night the hood man place the barrel in the center of the cellar , they work light by a single lantern . one of they open one of the barrel and scoops a pile of dark powder into he hand . begins to lay a trail of the powder back toward the door . int . darnley 's house - cellar - night at the cellar 's entrance one of the hood figure lower the candle and light the trail of powder . it begin to burn towards the barrel as the man hastily exit . 93 . int . holyrood - queen 's bedchamber —- evening three year old jame play in the ash of the fireplace . int . darnley 's house - sitting room - night a half - dress darnley and a naked young man seat at a table , both drunk . they reach for the bottle at the same time , knock the bottle off the table and break a glass . int . holyrood - queen' bedchamber - evening jame find a dead bird in the ash of the fire grate and reach towards it . int . darnley 's house - sitting room - night darnley try to pick up the glass but cut himself in the process . wince in pain . look for a piece of cloth to wrap he finger in . int . holyrood - queen' bedchamber - evening Mary hurry over to James and lift he up and away from the carrion . rub he hand clean with the hem of she dress . int . darnley 's house - sitting room - night darnley be wrapping he finger with he shirt tail , try to stem the blood he bend down to pick up the bottle when -- boom with a flash that fill the screen , a explosion rock the room . darnley and the naked young man be hit by the brunt of the explosion . a tapestry be blow from the wall across the room , onto darnley bend over on the floor . int . holyrood - queen chamber - night Mary bolt up in bed , awaken from the sound . the four mary be stir awake too . James be stand in he crib , cry . ext /int . darnley' house - night flame whoosh from the blow out window , engulf the house . 93a . int . darnley' house - night darnley splutter awake in the burn building . he grab the tapestry and , use it to cover himself , run from the building . ext . darnley' house - night CUT to the hood figure , watch this from afar . CUT to they Pov and we see darnley , stumbling from the house . wrapped in the smoking tapestry . CUT to the hood Men walk briskly toward he . one of the hood Men bend down and , use the cord of the smoking tapestry throttles darnley . his eye bulge in fear as the life be choke out of he . int . holyrood - banquet hall / receiving room - night Mary be sit at one of the table , cradling James , who be fast asleep . the four mary be with she . there be half a dozen Guards in the room . bothwell enter . he sit down across from she . gently -- 94 . bothwell it be Lord darnley . off Mary 's puzzle look -- bothwell ( cont ’d ) a attempt on he life . mary be he dead ? bothwell give she a sympathetic look which confirm this . Mary break into sob . James wake up , troubled by he mother 's tear . seton come over and take the child from she , who have begin to cry himself . bothwell I will bring you to my estate . it 's not safe for you here . ext . holyrood - courtyard - day the sky gray with pre-dawn light . Mary 's final few trunk be be load onto a wagon . Mary be kneel before James , hold he hand to help he stand . seton await on a horse . bothwell be with they . she 's say good - bye , and it 's hard . mary will you be good ? the child stare blankly at she . she lift the child up to seton . the child look as though he might cry . Mary take he foot and shake it . his would - be tear morph into giggle . mary ( cont 'd ) yes - you will be good . and she tenderly kiss he foot . then nod to seton , try to remain strong in she farewell . seton begin to trot out of the gate , accompany by two soldier on horseback . Mary watch they go for a moment , in a impenetrable daze , lose in she thought , oblivious to all else . bothwell place a hand on she shoulder . then lead she toward she own horse and the wagon where the three other mary be already seat , cloak on , ready for the journey . ext . dunbar castle - evening Mary , bothwell and the Royal entourage approach the castle - a gloomy , militaristic seaside edifice . 95 . int . dunbar castle - guest chamber - night Mary be be undress by she lady . they have only remove she outer sleeve when the door open , revealing bothwell . he turn away so as not to see she unsleeve arm . bothwell pardon ... the lady move to re-attach she sleeve but Mary decline -- mary no need . bothwell May we speak in private ? she nod to the mary . they file out past bothwell , still turn from she as he shut the door behind they . mary you may look . ' tis only my arm . he turn to she . he look nervous . it 's unlike he . bothwell I know it be smaller than you lodging in Edinburgh , but I hope it will suffice . mary what bring you ? bothwell hesitates , then find he confidence , launch in -- bothwell the parliament will ratify a proclamation demand you wed a Scottish subject now that you be widow . mary it have only be a day ... bothwell they meet tomorrow . it be you council 's advice that you should marry I . and now she 's beginning to connect the dot -- mary my God ... what have you do ? bothwell simply stare at she . 96 . mary ( cont 'd ) no. bothwell madam ... mary leave I . now . bothwell madam ... calm yourself ... he move toward she . she skirt around he and head for the door , but he grab she by the wrist . he push she onto the bed and hold she down . mary murderer . bothwell do I not come to you aid when you lord rebell ? Mary resist . bothwell ( cont ’d ) refuse and I will not come to you aid when they rebel again . mary please ... he let go . she sit up , overcome with sob . bothwell go to the door and open it . to the three mary in the hall -- bothwell come . they enter , bewilder and concerned to see Mary in tear . bothwell ( cont ’d ) undress you lady . they look to Mary . she be wiping she tear away now . time CUT to -- bothwell grunt over she . perfunctory . Mary expressionless , try to block out what be happen . a pop to the three mary outside the drape bed , fight back they own tear as they hear bothwell within , force himself upon they mistress . 97 . ext . scottish church - day knox stand before he congregation as we see he earlier in the film . but now the room be doubly pack , people spilling outside and lining the wall . and far more commoner than we see the first time . knox be really work up . knox the Queen be servant of Satan . she be a fornicator . a whore of bablyon who defy the sanctity of marriage . what 's worse , she have break the most solemn of commandment : thou shalt not kill ... we CUT to the face of the commoner , rapt by the sermon , a bubbling anger in they eye . knox ( cont 'd ) she have she husband kill so she could wed he rival . would we worship a murderous harlot ? would we kneel before a polecat who bedd a italian ? a agent of Rome ? David rizzio be slain for such adultery , and now Queen strumpet marries another man whom she bedd out of wedlock . how do we know she son be not a bastard ? we Kingdom have become a disgrace - to God and all the world ... commoner ( yell out ) death to the whore ! the crowd , whipped into a fervor , yell in approval . other start chant '' death to the whore ! '' we hear they yell and chant continue as -- int . dunbar castle - chapel - day Mary and bothwell at the altar of the chapel , the Bishop preside . maitland and moray be in attendance . time CUT to bothwell place the ring on Mary 's hand . they kneel and the Bishop bless they both , then begin to pray . this may be intercut with the scene 154 , add a layer of the priest chant in the wedding portion . 98 . ext . holyrood - day kate scrub graffiti off the wall of holyrood . int . hampton court - queen 's chamber - night Elizabeth and Dudley on she bed , the drape draw for privacy . they be clothed . her head be in he lap as he stroke she hair . it 's very quiet and intimate . elizabeth be we to do nothing as my sister be depose ? dudley she be not you sister . nor can she be you successor . not a woman whose own subject call she a harlot . elizabeth this be cecil speak ... dudley I speak for myself . though all you council agree . elizabeth ( more to herself than he ) how cruel man be . dudley what be that ? she do not respond . int . dunbar castle - dine hall - day maitland and moray sit across a table from Mary and bothwell . there be no food . only the bare table top and the solemnity of the conversation . moray hate every moment of this . bothwell be furious . to maitland and moray . bothwell you promise that I would be king. 99 . maitland ( coolly ) if you betrothed do abdicate , you be abdicate also . bothwell this be you intention ... moray event have overtaken all intention . bothwell liar ! event . aye . event by you design . be that not so ? they do not answer . bothwell ( cont ’d ) speak ... be man and own you treachery . do you not deceive I ? while bothwell be shocked , Mary be not . look moray straight in the eye . mary as they have do they Queen since the day she return . moray , ashamed , look down at he hand . mary ( cont 'd ) ( to bothwell ) be you fool enough to trust this man ? who take up arm against you ? bothwell look torture , have be play . maitland you must abdicate , madam . she turn back to maitland . maitland ( cont 'd ) when you son come of age , he will assume the throne . ( nodd to moray ) until then my Lord will be Regent . mary ( to moray ) brother ? moray we find mistress seton . the boy be now in we custody at holyrood . 99a . mary you hold my son prisoner ? moray not prisoner . he be my ward , until he be old enough to -- mary you namesake , James . name for you . moray I beg you forgiveness . ( beat ) but if you wish he to be King one day , you must abdicate . mary I will not do it . 100 . maitland you will , madam . by force if we must . mary then I shall meet force with force . maitland have reach the end of he patience . maitland the people believe you be a traitor and a whore . what army can defeat a entire nation turn against its Queen ? they would sooner parade you head on a pike than bow before a harlot . I for one would gladly hold high the pike . Mary be shocked by he blood-lust . look to moray -- moray ( matter-of -factly ) he be right . you can not raise a army . mary ( defiant ) many time you have say I can not do what I have do . maitland then we be finish here . maitland get up and head for the door . moray remain seat . maitland turn back , wait for he . moray , with true supplication , not want further conflict -- moray this be beyond my control . I ask you to reconsider . mary all I have do be try to unify this land . a glimmer of hope on moray 's face . be she bend ? but Mary only allow she self - doubt to linger for a moment . mary ( cont 'd ) to relinquish the crown would be against God 's will . moray God will not protect you . but I will protect you as my kin . more lamentable than defiant -- 101 . mary I wish that we be kin . but we be no longer so . moray nod , disappointed . he understand and can not fault she . he stand and make he way towards the door . bothwell move he hand on top of Mary 's . she pull hers away . she can not be comfort , certainly not by he . ext . dunbar castle - dusk Mary be with the three remain mary at the cliff 's edge overlook the ocean . she and Fleming be at the fore , Livingston and beaton several yard behind . the wave be crash below . in french -- mary Si vous souhaitez fuir , vous et les autre , vous devriez le faire immédiatement . ( if you and the other wish to flee , you should do so . ) fleming Notre obligation est a vous . nous noen avon pas 4 nous-méme . ( we duty be to you , not ourselves . ) mary vous avez assez fait . vous not I devez pas vos vie . ( you have do enough . you do not owe I you life . ) fleming vous not devriez pas non plus risquer la vétre . ( nor should you risk yours . ) mary je n’ai pas le choix . ( I have no choice . ) fleming mais certe vous avez le choix . ( of course you do . ) ( gesture to the ocean ) regardez . La France est si proche , nous pourrion presque la toucher . ( France be so close we could almost touch it . ) mary ( glance back ) prenez Livingston avec vous . ( more ) 102 . mary ( cont 'd ) elle s’est toujour sentie dépaysée ici . et beaton languirait si elle se trouvait toute seule . ( take Livingston . she have never feel at home here . and beaton would not fare well on she own . ) fleming mais Madame ... ( but madam .. mary faite ce que je vous dis . ( do as I say . ) fleming Les soeur de se délaissent pas . ( sister do not abandon sister . ) mary Une reine n’a pas de soeur . elle n’a que son pay . ( a Queen have no sister . she have only she country . ) fleming un pay qui vous a délaissée . ( which have turn on you . ) and now Fleming gesture to the land instead of the ocean -- fleming ( cont 'd ) vous risquez tout pour ce pay maudit et execrable ? ( you would risk everything for this wretch land and its wretch people ? ) mary I would . fleming Le jeu noen vaut pas la chandelle . ( it be not worth it . ) mary je not m’attends pas 4 votre compréhension . Il n’y a qu ’une autre reine qui puisse comprendre . ( I do not expect you to understand . only another Queen could . ) fleming elle vous a pourtant délaissée , elle aussi . ( she too have turn on you . ) 103 . mary et elle pourrait faire pire encore . mais je not vais pas m’enfuir . ( and may do worse yet . but I will not flee she . ) now Mary turn she back on the sea to gaze on the land -- mary ( cont 'd ) ma vie est ici maintenant . ( my life be here now . ) we begin to hear the sound of bagpipe -- ext . holyrood - courtyard - day James - five year old now - be run forward , much more able on he foot than when we see he last . he 's darting toward something he see on the cobblestone . seton be follow he at a leisurely pace several yard behind . James arrive at he destination and crouch down - it 's a musket ball wedge between two cobblestone . he pick it up and stare at it , fascinate . he start to lick the musket ball . seton scurries forward . seton no . she take the musket ball out of he hand . jame francais ? seton balle . he see another one . run over and pick it up . then another . pick that one up too . seton follow . as he round the corner he see a platoon of troops muster . a quartermaster be hand out musket ball to troops from a bucket , which they be place in pouch . a piper play during all of this . seton come up alongside James , who be stare at the troops with as much fascination as he do the musket ball . seton ( cont 'd ) soldat . jame soldat . seton Soldiers . 104 . jame what be soldier ? seton they fight . jame fight what ? seton ( with some sadness ) ta mere . James look up at seton , not fully understanding . prelap : the SOUND of a massive battle - scream , yell , the clanking and clash of arm , then CUT to -- int . scottish church - day knox stand before congregation . we see image of Mary and moray prepare for battle . knox oh Lord , hear we prayer , that we may rid this land of this harlot - Queen and she murderer-husband . int . SMALL private chapel - day mary alone at prayer . bothwell , unnotice be behind she . he watch she and leave . int . large church - day moray at prayer with he soldier on the eve of battle . it be a huge and well - armed force . knox v.o hear we prayer for that man , who do as God command they to do ... .-». not that which seem good in they own eye . young jame I have creep into the church and be watch moray through the soldier 's leg . knox v.o we prayer will be hear . but that Catholic traitor who fight with she , speak into the void . 104a . ext . langside - field - day very tight on hector - the highlander - the one who Mary speak to . his entire face fill the screen . we see nothing else . it be streak with mud and cake blood . he be on he back . fall . we can hear the battle surround he on all side , clamoring and fierce , but see nothing of it , only he face . he gurgle fresh blood from he mouth . the sound of the battle start to fade as we push into he eye , replace only by the sound of he strain breathe . as we push closer we hear he voice , in scottish gaelic , struggle to recite '' hail Mary '' -- hector failte dhut a mhoire , tha thu lan de to grasan ... we CUT to he Pov - straight up . nothing but the sky fill the frame -- hector ( v.o. ) tha a tighearna maille riut . be beannaichte thu be measg nam mna ... CUT to very tight on mary eye - fill with horror - watch the battle from afar . only she eye fill the frame , slowly pull out to see the despair on she face -- hector ( v.o. ) «-- agus beannaichte toradh do bhronn , iosa . a naoimh mhoire , mhathair dhé , guidh air be son not to peacaich ... 105 . CUT back to the sky , as it fade to black -- .-- a nis , agus aig uair be bais . and just before it reach total black , we hear hear the last , shallow breath of the hector . ext . holyrood - courtyard - day a continuation of scene 161 . on James look at the gate as moray enter on horseback , flanke by two calvarymen also on horseback . he be muddy from the battle . see the troops muster . all activity stop and they stand at attention as he slowly ride in . to a captain oversee the quartermaster - moray dismiss they . the Captain stare at he blankly . in anger , mix with he own shame and fatigue -- moray ( cont ’d ) dismiss they ! it be do . there 's nothing euphoric about this victory . the Captain immediately form the troops to march out of the courtyard . during which moray see James and seton . he dismount and approach the child as he take he glove off . seton look concerned . jame ( in french ) where be maman ? he crouch down to eye-level with James . place he hand over the child 's heart . moray she be here . ( beat ) and you will make she proud ... then he lift the child up - and hold he so he 's now at the eye-level of a grow man - - moray ( cont ’d ) .-- for one day you will be King . and all this will be yours . seton ( to moray ) do she live ? 106 . ext . solway firth - day pre-dawn light . the fisherman prepare a rowboat for the journey across . two of Mary 's escort be with she . as the fisherman set to unfurl the sail , Mary gaze out across the water at a thin ribbon of land on the horizon -- mary England do not look so different from Scotland . fisherman aye , they be sister . she stare into the distance a moment longer , then head over to the rowboat . the fisherman and the escort help she board . int . hampton court - sitting room - day tight on Elizabeth , try on a wig - bright red . look into a hand mirror that bess be hold up for she . elizabeth let we try the other . one of she lady remove the current wig as bess retrieve the second one and help Elizabeth put it on . then hold the mirror up to she again . Elizabeth take the mirror herself so she can see it from all angle . cecil ( 0.s. ) madam . Elizabeth tilt the mirror and in it see cecil in the doorway . as cecil step into the room so he can face she -- cecil ( cont 'd ) if anyone be to learn of such a meeting - whether it be the Scottish lord or we own here in -- elizabeth I agree that secrecy be vital . alas , you have a skill for keep such thing hide . so put you skill to use . cecil be it guilt , madam ? Elizabeth turn to he , offended . he have strike a nerve . 107 . cecil ( cont 'd ) because a monarch should never feel guilt . elizabeth ( sharply ) my motive be not you concern . do as I say and make the arrangement . cecil be smart enough not to challenge the rebuke . he bow in submission and exit . Elizabeth pick up the mirror and inspect the wig once more . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) this one I think . ext . forest cottage - day a small cottage in a clear surround by wood . the attache be out front , keep guard . he hear dog bark in the distance . int . forest cottage - day Mary be at a small window , look out . attache away from the window , madam . Mary step away from the window and the attache shutter it . a moment later bess enter . eye Mary for a moment , then turn to the attache . bess I ride ahead . she 'il be here soon . on Mary , full of anticipation at hearing this . then bess whisper something into the attache 's ear . he turn to Mary -- attache come . he lead she to the rear , hide by wash hang from the rafter , out of sight from the front of the room . attache ( cont 'd ) remain here . ext . forest cottage - day the captain help Elizabeth off she horse . so as to be hear by the rest in the hunt party -- 107a . elizabeth I should like some privacy whilst I rest . captain of course , madam . Elizabeth make she way toward the cottage alone . 108 . int . forest cottage - day Elizabeth enter . look around the main room and see bess and the attache . he bow . attache you majesty . they silently retreat to another portion of the cottage , leave Elizabeth alone . she do not move . back to Mary , lean forward , tempt to get up and meet she , but remain where she be as instruct . back to Elizabeth , she heart be pound too . she take several step forward . CUT to Mary as footfalls draw near , floorboard creak . then they stop . Mary listen for a moment , still , should she say something ? CUT back to Elizabeth , freeze . she be building the courage to confront Mary . back to Mary -- mary cousin ...? and we intercut between the two , in separate space , hearing but not see each other . elizabeth ( barely audible ) aye ... Elizabeth swallow she anxiety and steady herself . louder -- elizabeth ( cont 'd ) be you well ? Mary desperately want to go to she but hold back . she do not want to do anything to offend Elizabeth . mary you voice be not what I expect . elizabeth what do you expect of it ? mary I do not know . 109 . elizabeth vous préférez que nous nous parlion en frangais ? ( would you rather we speak french ? ) mary we be in you country . I shall speak you language . she wait for Elizabeth to respond , but she do not . Mary take a step closer . mary ( cont 'd ) how I long to see you face . but she stop short of revealing herself . elizabeth no one can know we meet . mary yes , I have be instruct . elizabeth if you speak of it to anyone , I shall deny . and I will regard you word as treason . mary be I you subject now ? elizabeth ( softer ) no - you be not my subject . ( beat ) but you seek refuge . mary ( swallow pride ) I be grateful for you protection . they be so close , but still can not see each other . mary ( cont 'd ) how do it come to this ? Elizabeth do not have a answer . 110 . mary ( cont 'd ) May I see you , sister ? Elizabeth be freeze . Mary wait , but with no response , step into the same space as Elizabeth . as she do Elizabeth turn , so she back be to Mary . Elizabeth bring she finger to the side of she wig , make sure there be no underlay lock out of place . elizabeth my eye be weary from travel . Mary gaze at Elizabeth 's back . mary I should have stay true to you love . I should have follow you example and never marry . elizabeth but then you would have no son . mary whom I have not see this past two year . whose mother be without a crown . whose own throne be usurped by he uncle . Elizabeth still have she back to Mary -- elizabeth you must have faith you brother will keep he word . mary I have no faith in he . ( beat ) I have only faith in you . on Elizabeth , close she eye . she can guess what be to come next , and it be a difficult matter . Mary take a few step closer to she -- mary ( cont 'd ) you would let they show the world that a Queen can so easily be forsworn ? no answer from Elizabeth . mary ( cont 'd ) answer I , sister . 111. elizabeth to war with Scotland and betray my own clergy on a Catholic 's behalf - no . I cannot . you know I cannot . mary do you come so far at such great risk only to refuse I ? elizabeth I come because ... but she decide not to finish the sentence . Mary wait , then -- mary if you refuse I , say it to my face . do not force to I beg to you back . Elizabeth turn and they take each other in for the first time . we see pride and humility on both they face , anger and love , compassion and antagonism - a kaleidoscope of contradiction . then , eventually -- mary ( cont 'd ) I will kneel before you if I must . elizabeth it would make no difference . you be safe here in England . but that be all I can offer . Mary can not contain she emotion any longer , she frustration and anger and sorrow and despair rise up . mary I have be abandon by so many . I be utterly alone . elizabeth as be i. alone . mary then be my sister . be my boy 's godmother . together we could conquer all of that who doubt we . do not play into they hand . we enmity be precisely what they hope for . I know you heart have more within it than the man who counsel you . elizabeth I be more man than woman now . the throne have make I so . ( beat ) 112 . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) but I have no enmity with you . mary except to seed rebellion and deceive I time and time again . elizabeth you would do well to watch you word . mary I will not be scold by my inferior . Elizabeth be stunne by the comment . elizabeth you inferior ... mary I be a Stuart , which give I great claim to England than you possess . Elizabeth bring a hand to she wig -- elizabeth I have this make because I want to present the best version of myself . she take off the wig and stare at it as -- elizabeth ( cont 'd ) I be jealous . you beauty . you bravery . you motherhood ... she look up at Mary -- elizabeth ( cont 'd ) you seem to surpass I in every way . ( a beat , then coldly ) but now I see there be no cause for envy . you gift be you downfall . she toss the wig onto the dining table . Mary be shake , but try to maintain she dignity . Chin hold high . 113. mary what now , sister ? elizabeth you will still have my protection . on my term . mary until you have I kill . elizabeth I will do no such thing . mary would not you ? as Henry kill you mother ? elizabeth I be not my father . mary his blood be you blood . elizabeth as long as you do not provoke my enemy , you have nothing to fear . you fate be in you own hand . mary if I seek to help you enemy , tis only because you push I to they arm . and should you murder I , remember that you murder you sister ... and you murder you Queen . that be the final straw . Elizabeth go to the door lead to the kitchen and open it . both bess and the attache stand . as Elizabeth go to the door bess glance over at Mary , who glare back at she , defiant . ext . forest cottage - day as Elizabeth approach the hunt party , she force a smile for show . everyone start to mount they horse . Elizabeth , in hushed tone to the captain as he lift she to she saddle -- elizabeth take she somewhere you can guard she well . 114 . ext . holyrood - courtyard - day tight on a hand reach into a small bucket of musket ball , grab one and place it into another 's hand . we pull back to see it have be give by a scottish colonel to a young man , only 20 - year old . the Young man place the ball into the barrel of the musket , then push it down with a rod . he lift the musket to he shoulder and take aim at a straw target place on the other side of the courtyard . pull the trigger and fire the weapon , hit he mark . colonel very good . young man another . as the Colonel retrieve another musket ball , a attendant approach with a fold parchment . attendant Sir ... the Young man look over . attendant ( cont ’d ) a letter , from England . ext . holyrood - courtyard - day alone , the Young man read the letter , the expanse of the valley below . we hear Elizabeth 's voice , much older and deeper now -- elizabeth ( v.0 . ) my dear cousin , I write to you of you mother , whose care you have entrust to we this many year ... and now we realise that the young man be James . we reprise portion of the footage from the beginning of the film - where we only see Mary from behind - but now with Elizabeth 's letter overlaid . int . fotheringhay castle - day she be on she knee in prayer , join by she chambermaids , face the door . 115 . elizabeth ( v.o. ) with a extreme dolor that overwhelm my mind for that miserable incident which have befallen ... the heavy door pivot open , revealing andrew . he bow he head , then , with solemnity and respect -- andrews it 's time . int . hampton court - hallway - day Elizabeth walk toward we , look the age we see she last . elizabeth ( v.o. ) I tell you that while I mourn , I feel no guilt , for I be innocent ... Elizabeth round the corner and we see she appear on the other side , she be 10 year older - more make - up , a brighter wig , she dress more regal -- elizabeth ( v.o. ) ... a Prince can not be guilty for what be just . what other answer to such plot against my throne ... a double set of door be open for she and as we see she pass through she be another 5 year older , more gaunt , she dress even more elaborate and severe -- elizabeth ( v.o. ) ... than to respond to treason with the punishment that it demand . how it age I to bear such a burden ... another set of double door . and this time as she pass through we see she finally at age 54 , the year of Mary 's execution . she almost look inhuman - thick make up hide wrinkle , a fiery wig , massive collar and ornate dress . she have enter the privy Council chamber - -- elizabeth ( v.o. ) ... the figurehead of justice that would take away a mother you remember not ... ext . holyrood - courtyard - day on James , tear welling in he eye as he look out over the valley ... 116 . elizabeth ( v.o. ) ..- know that when I see she in my mind 's eye , I see not a age woman ... int . hampton court - privy council chamber - day as a age cecil place a document before Elizabeth - the warrant for Mary 's execution - she stare directly at we , stoic , a old woman lose in a memory -- elizabeth ( v.o. ) ... but rather the young , resplendent Queen whose portrait I first gaze upon five and twenty year ago ... int . fotheringhay castle - corridor Mary approach the great Hall as she do at the beginning , but now we be in front of she instead of behind she , and she be the young , resplendent Queen Elizabeth imagine -- elizabeth no older than when she first set foot upon this island ... int . fotheringhay castle - great hall - day the vast room be fill with a hundred spectator . the wooden stage . Soldiers to the side . the crowd part to make room for Mary and she procession as they enter . the spectator look upon she with silent awe and fascination as she head directly for the stage , mount the step to the platform where two masked men stand wait for she . one of they offer she a small stool on which to sit . time CUT to -- tight on Mary as the clerk of Elizabeth 's privy Council , ROBERT beale - read the warrant -- beale ( 0.s. ) by order of we sovereign Elizabeth , Queen of England , Wale Ireland and overlord of Scotland , certified ... he continue on after the word '' Scotland '' but he voice fade out as Mary begin to speak , directly to the camera , in a quiet , intimate voice . 117 . mary James , my only son , I pray that with you life you will succeed where I could not , and for which I be about to give my life ... we CUT to bull - the executioner - who bow he head in supplication -- bull I plead you forgiveness , madam . mary I forgive you with all my heart . for now , I hope , you shall make a end of all my trouble . bull gesture to a cushion before she in front of the block . Mary kneel and begin to pray , head bow , eye close -- mary ( cont 'd ) salve , Regina , mater misericordie , vita , dulcedo , et spes nostra , salve . ad the clamamus exsule filii heve , in the domino confido ... her Latin prayer fade as it be replace my Mary 's v.o . mary ( v.o. ) I shall be watch you from heaven ... Mary 's eye open as bull place he hand on Mary 's shoulder . we hear the steady drine of a single bag pipe . int . hampton court - receiving chamber - day James , in full regal attire , sit on Elizabeth 's throne , crown atop he head , scepter in hand , stare straight into the camera -- mary ( v.o . ) as you crown , one day , unite two kingdom . a flourish of note from the bag pipe . int . fotheringhay castle - great hall bull gently guide she head to the chopping block . we be tight on she face as we see the frescoed ceiling beyond it . 118. she be try to keep calm but she be breathe fast now , pulse racing in she final few moment . the axe will fall any second . to we , in a whisper as the pipe play -- mary and we shall have peace . a deep intake of air , the pipe grow even louder . a slow exhale . the briefest flash of calm . blackout . silence .