'' mary rose " screenplay by jay presson Allen second draft February 15 , 1964 courtesy writingwithhitchcock.com Educational / editorial use only prod . # 9411 '' mary rose " eee time lapszis 1896 mary rose be 18 . simon be 33 . mr. morland be 50 . mrs. morland be 49 . mr. amy be ( approx . ) 47 . 1898 kenneth be bear . 1900 mary rose disappear . cameron be {approx . ) 22 . 1918 mary rose return . mr. morland be now 72 . mrs . moriand be 71 . simon be 55 . . mr. amy be 69 . cameron be 40 . 1939 kenneth be return to house . he be 41 . description kenneth Fair and blue-ey like mother ( Mary Rose ) simon tall man - dark - heavily build . habic - ually rather solem ; he have a quality of passion . mrs . otery old , gaunt , narrow - eye . cameron ( at 22 ) Old -young man ... gawky youth . courtesy writingwithhitchcock.com Educational / editorial use only " mary rose " 1 . draft 42 - Feb. 15 , 13964 fade in : we picture open on a fairly distant shot of the Island , lonely , sun -speckle yet mist-dim , somehow unsubstantial . slowly , the camera move closer as a man 's voice sreax . it be a highlander 's soft voice . cameron ( 0.s . ) well , there it iss . the Island . a mossy bank , a soft bit of sod , @ spot to rest you oar and sit and sun yourself a spell . some - how the sun do seem to favor the place . a toy island ... a wee insignificant bit of grass and stone ... as tranquil look a piece of real estate as anyone could fancy . stop ! stop here ! the camera obey . cameron ( cont would ) ( o.s . ) we will go no closer . not again . not efer again . ( draw a deep breath ) iss its name in gaelic . in . English it mean the Island that like to be pisit . ( he voice deeply ironic ) fisit indeed . there be that who hafe find the island hos - pitable to a fault . there be that who hafe find the island ... hungry ... for fisitor ... that pade out . fade in : long shot , high , of a country house , not really isolate , but somehow alienate from its neighbor , it be run-down , neglect , empty and ... even in the light of mid-afternoon ... . dark . over this scene we once more hear the 0.s , voice of cameron . cameron ( 0.8 . ) ( sighing ) yes ... another choice bit of real estate . but here ... there be no invitation here ... no beckone ... cowtaiue courtesy writingwithhitchcock.com Educational / editorial use only " mary rose " 2 . draft # 2 - Feb. 15 , 1964 continued cameron ( cont would ) ( o.s. ) no want to be fisit . and yet this house ... this house and the Island be for all time link most tragically together ... the voice fade as a jeep , vintage World War ii , come down the road , slow down and finally stop in front of the house . the camera close in and by the time the back door open and a man , a american officer in battle dress , get out of the car , we be in medium close - up . the man turn and face the house as if confront it . his eye narrow speculatively as he slowly , geliberately , take in the dark decay of the place , the ' for sale ' sign , itself now old and forlornly awry on its base . at last the man move across the weedy stretch of lawn , mount the step , start to knock , change he mind and try the door . it open easily , and he step into the house , close the door gently behind he . he find himself in a small entrance hall . on either side of he be close - off room . before he be a staircase curving gracefully upward . a pale light dimly penetrate the dirty fanlight above the door , make it possible for the man ... and for we ... to make out the gracious line of the architecture . even now , in this sorry stete , one can imagine how invite , how warm , this small manor house must once have be . without haste , the man take in the sight , the ambiance . but , though unhurry , he waste no time , for he interest , he focus of attention , seem to be on the staircase and on the unseen floor above . slowly , he begin to mount the stair . at the top , he discover a door , open upon a dark and deeply silent room . quietly , he enter . all of this room 's past , which can be take away , have go . such light as there be ... no more than enough to make shadow ... come from the only window , which be at the back and incompletely shroud in sacking . also toward the back of the room be another door . - it be close . as he eye adjust to the dark , they circle the room , take in the peel wallpaper , the desolate , desert sadness of it all , until finally he eye come to rest upon the only furnishings in the room ... if two up - end pack case and a chair may be call furnishings . continued courtesy writingwithhitchcock.com Educational / editorial use only '' mary rose " 3 . draft # 2 - fer. 15 , 1964 continued on top of one of the case be a unlight candle ina holder , and beside it be a chair , the back of which be turn toward the man . this object seem only to add to the impression of empty desertion . and then , in the dark , the man become slowly conscious of the faintest , '' almost indiscernible movement . it be in the chair . he freeze . there be a moment of utterly suspend animation . then he speak , he voice hardly a whisper . kenneth who 's there ? the camera close in tight on the chair , as from its depth the movement take shape and turn to face the man . in the chair be a woman , old , gaunt , narrow - eye ... as frighten by the man as he have be by she . only when she old gimlet eye observe the obviously corporeal rature of the intruder , do she let out she breath . hostilely , she regards he . mrs , otery what do you think you be up to here now : this here 's private property : kenneth 5 ( relax , almost smile ) and you must be the caretaker . you name be ....? mrs . otery ( compel against herself to answer he gentle , but utterly assure command ) Mrs. otery . ( try to regain she authority ) Mrs. Harry otery , that 's who . and I be in charge of this house . it 's my job to show it to prospective purchaser with appointment . kenneth really ? from the look of thing , I should not think you would find yourself very busy . courtesy writingwithhitchcock.com Educational / editorial use only 3 * mary rose " draft # 2 - ped. 15 , 1364 continued mrs . otery ( firmly ) also I be to see that no mischief maker come pokin ' around ... kenneth good for you , but be not you allow a bit of light ? why be you sit here in the dark when you have plenty of candle there ... mrs , otery I be not one to waste good candle - light when I be sit alone . there 's a war on , mister . kenneth ( cheer fully ) right you be , Mrs. otery . but I doe not think qur common . cause will be fatally compromise if we burn a inch or so of that candle . be attempt to light candle , but the wick have burn too low . he then remove a knife , a rather large , lethal - look instrument , from inside he jacket and with it begin to carve the wick out of the wax . mrs . otery ( at the sight of the knife ) ' bre now ... what be you carry a wick thing like that for ? kenneth as you rightfully point out , madam , there 's a war on . govern - ment issue . he now light the candle and in its feeble , flicker light , begin to look around the room . the light show mrs . otery nothing she have not already see ; she atten - tion be still rivete on the knife . we follow kennete's examination of the room as mrs . otery speak . mrs , otery ( suspiciously ) wot government ? knive be '' nasty , foreign sort of weapon , I would say . continued courtesy writingwithhitchcock.com Educational / editorial use only " mary rose " 5 . draft # 2 - Feb. 15 , 1964 continued kenneth not at all . in this year of ou Lord knife be the call - ing card of even proper English gentleman . to tease she , he pick up the knife and cast it at one nae pack case where it stick , quivering in the wood . : kenneth ( cont would ) one leave it on favore party , like that . he move away , look about the room as memory come worry - ing up in hin . kenneth ( cont would ) there be peacock ... some - where ... mrs . otery ( indignantly ) peacock ! wot peacock ? kenneth Long ago ... in this room ... decoration ... mrs . otery oh , they sort of peacock - I be tell a cloth use to hang on the wall there ... tapestry they be call , and that it have picture of peacock on it . how would you know ? kenneth ( not really address she ) this be the live -room ... mrs . otery ( quote from some brochure ) '' specially charming be the grawing -room with its superb view of the dom . this room be upstairs and be approach courtesy writingwithhitchcock.com Educational / editorial use only 3 " mary rose " draft # 2 - Feb. 15 , 1564 continued kenneth by a stair , contain some superbly romantic rat-hole . nmove to window ) there 's a apple tree outside there , with one of its branch scraping against the window ... ( smile ) it be my own private entrance and exit ... he pull aside the sacking , which let in a little mor light . we see that the window , which reach to the floor , open outward . there be , however , no tree . the man stare in disappointment , let out he breath . kenneth ( cont would ) ah .... mrs . otery well , there be a tree , I believe . you can sea the root if you look down . kenneth ( at the window ) yes . yes , I see it in the long grass . and a bit of the seat that use to be around it . there be blue curtain at the window , and there be a sofa at this end , and I have my first swim lesson on it . ( turn , smile wryly at the sour , indifferent 01d woman ) you be a fortunate woman to be here drink in this move memory . she eye he narrowly . kenneth ( cont would ) I be hope you would like to show I around the other room . mrs . otery shrug , stand , move as if to lead he down - stair , but the little door at the back have catch he eye . continved courtesy writingwithhitchcock.com Educational / editorial use only '' mary rose '' . 7 . draft # 2 - peb. 15 , 1964 continued kenneth that door ... mrs , otery ( avoid look at the door ) it 's nothing . just a cupboard door . come this way . kennet ( turn back toward the door ) it lead into a Little dark passage ... mrs . otery ( agree ... too quickly ) yes . that 's all . kenneth no...no ... it lead ... it lead to a single room . yes . and the door of the room face this way . quickly , before she can stop he , he open the door , dis - close , as he have surmise , another door beyond . he turn on she . kenneth ( cont would ) ( sharply ) why do you say it be only a cupboard ? mrs . otery it 's of no consequence , sir . no consequence . kenneth the room have ... two stone window ... and wooden rafter ... mrs . otery . it 's the oldest part of the house . . kenneth I once sleep there ... when I be very young ... I can not really remember , but it be a bedroom . continued courtesy writingwithhitchcock.com Educational / editorial use only " mary rose " - 8 . draft # 2 - Feb. 15 , 1964 continued mrs . otery be . ( insistent ) if you will come down with I ... kenneth no . I be curious to see that room ... she step in front of he , barring he way , thin - lipped , determine . mrs , otery no . he give a pierce look toward the room , then back at the woman , he face show the beginning of understanding . kenneth ah .... mrs. otery you can not go in there . kenneth ( softly ; deceptively casual ) indeed , Mrs. otery ? for what reason ? mrs . otery it 's lock . it 's keep lock . kenneth since you be the caretaker , you must have the key . mrs . otery it 's ... lose . kenneth then why be you so anxious to stop I ? when you know I would find the door lock ? mrs . otery sometimes it 's lock ; some - time not . kenneth gn ? then it 's not you who lock continued courtesy writingwithhitchcock.com Educational / editorial use only " mary rose " : 9 . draft # 2 - Feb. 15 , 1964 continued mrs . otery ( grimly ) not I . kenneth then who ? who have the key if not you , the lawful caretaker ? who lock and unlock the door ... without , I take it , leave from you ? mrs , otery ( defiantly ) wot 's any of this get to do with you ? you do not cone here with any sort of proper appointment : I be not oblige to show you around nor answer no impertinent question neither : . kenneth ( still softly ) who , Mrs. otery ? who lock the door ? mrs , otery ( she defiance flicker out ) it 's never lock ... it 's ... it 's hold . kenneth ( eye she curiously ) you be shiver , Mrs. otery . be you cold ? here ... he bend down to the grate of the fireplace and put a match to the few stick there . kenneth ( cont would ) May I light this bit of stick ? yrs , otery ( stubbornly resisting , but not ungrateful for the feeble little flame ) ask after you have dome it : my order be to have fire once a week , no more , courtesy writingwithhitchcock.com Educational / editorial use only 3 '' mary rose " 7 10 . continued draft # 2 - peb. 15,1964 kenneth ( now turn and address she directly , casually ) what be wrong with this house ? mrs , otery ( again on guard ) here be nothing wrong with to kenneth : then why have it stand virtually empty for some twenty year ? what make the last tenant leave in such a extraordinary rush ? and the tenant before they ? why can no one live in the house ? mrs . otery ( snort ) you have be listen to village gossip . . kennet why , yes . the villager be quite keén to discuss this house . when I inquire about it , they say the owner have to get a care ~ taker from a distance because no woran from around here would live in this house . mrs . otery a pack of coward . kenneth they say this caretaker , import from another county , be a pretty bold number ... when she come . mrs , otery ( pull she sweater closer around she gaunt frame ) I be bold enough still . kenneth . I be tell that this caretak jad be see to run out into the field and stay there tremble half the night . continued courtesy writingwithhitchcock.com Educational / editorial use only '' mary rose " 21 . draft # 2 - fed. 15 , 1964 3 continued she do not answer , and more kindly , he continue . kenneth ( cont would ) Village talk , I expect . they do not care what they say about a outsider . mrs , - otery ( relieved ) that 's the mean way of they . kenneth ( suddenly stare over she shoulder ) what 's that ? with a frighten scream she whirl toward the small door . there be nothing . kenneth ( clinically ) what be it you expect to see , Mrs. otery ? the woman only shiver silently . kenneth ( cont would ) they say there be a ghost . be there a ghost , my friend ? she remain sullenly silent . kenneth ( cont would ) because if there be a ghost about the premise , I would like to ... ( smile ) +.- pay my respects . mrs. otery ( hiss ) you can smart - talk all you like , mister , when you have go , but for God 's sake keep a civil tongue while you be in this house : ( straighten up , she voice pitch normal - ly ... perhaps a shade louder than normal ) there be no use show you the rest of the place . you have not ( costrhved ) courtesy writingwithhitchcock.com Educational / editorial use only a 3 '' mary rose " 12 draft # 2 - Feb. 15 , 1964 continued mrs , otery ( cont would ) come to buy . now , if you want to be step , I have my duty . kenneth ( pleasantly , as he light a pipe ) my dear Mrs. otery , we have get on so nicely , I wonder if you would give I a cup of tea ? there be a deathly chill in the house . . ( he take a bill from he wallet , press it upon she ) that woukti not be too much : trouble for you , would it ? just a cup of tea ? mrs . otery neye the money , speak ungraciously ) well ... I do not suppose so . kenneth since you be so press , I accept you hospitality . mrs . otery come on down then , to the kitchen . kenneth no , no , I be sure the prodigal Son get he tea in the ' draw - room ' . I will wait here . ( he lean against a wall , he arm fold ) mrs , otery stare at he , and blandly , he return she gaze . at last , the merest hint of a thin smile pass she lip . mrs , otery - I see . you be meaning to go into that room . I would not if I be you . kenneth if you be I ... you would . with a jast look at the door , sh close # gently , then ashe turn on she heen . eee it and continued courtesy writingwithhitchcock.com Educational / editorial use only '' mary rose " . 13 draft # 2 - Feb. 15 , 1964 . 7 3 . continued mrs . otery prodigal whatever , if you want tea you can come to the kitchen . at the door lead to the staircase , she look back over she shoulder at he , and this time she smile outright . it be a most unpleasant smile . mrs . otery ( cont would ) stay here as long as you like , sir ... with you brave uniform and you knife . she might take a fancy to you - or .... ( eye the knife ) to it . kenneth so . it 's a woman , be it ? you ghost ? : mrs. otery no concern of pur , I would say . iy kennete yes . it be my concern . I a ~~ a morland . mrs , otery picked up that name in the village too , do you ? there 's ho more of the morland around here . kenneth there be now . mrs. otery ( fretfully ) the old admiral that die last ' year ... he be not even no land himself . kenneth I know . mrs , otery ( peer suspicious - ly at he ) the only other morland just die - ) appear , they say , year ago ... seem tot in eke imity like . disa aring . ppe costinued nee courtesy writingwithhitchcock.com Educational / editorial use only '' mary rose '' 14 . draft # 2 - peb. 15,1964 continued kennete yes . well , this one have be - appear . I be Kenneth morland blake . the old acniral be my father and this house ... ( gaze around ) now belong to I . mrs , otery who say ? if you be he , why do not you come in here all proper with word from the agent ? kenneth {obligingly hand she a piece of paper ) here you be . all proper with word from the agent . mrs , otery ( stare first at the Paper , then at he ) well .... ( smile cynically ) I would say you have be in no partic - ular hurry to claim you fine inheritance . kenneth it be not you place , Mrs. otery , to say anything what - ever . except in answer to my question . mrs . otery sniff and pull she shawl more tightly about hers her lack of truckle amuse he , and he relent , smile . kenneth Mrs. otery , I find you manners irresistable . mrs , otery - be that as it may . ( curiosity get the better of she ) you do n*t speak like no English - man to my ear . continued courtesy writingwithhitchcock.com Educational / editorial use only '' mary rose " . 15 . draft # 2 - pet. 15 , 19€5 3 continued kenneth I have be a american for over twenty year . {takes she measure ) see here , I have no objectiodgo satisfy you curiosity i you will , in turn , satisfy mine . ( confidingly ) you see , I have be away so long . I go to America shortly after the last war . I join the army in 1914 ... I be only sixteen ... I never get home again ... mrs . otery ( interrupt ; suspiciously ) the army , be it ? and you claim the old admiral be you father ? kenneth ( grimly ) Cause and effect , Mrs. otery . ( there be a breath of silence . andon kenneth be face we ~ can see residual pain , continue bitterness ) in any event . I be prisoner - of - war for three year , and then when iwas finally release , I be ad - vise to go directly to a nursing home in Switzerland , where a woman I barely recognize as my own grandmother inform I that my grandfather have suffer a stroke and be dead , that this house , the only home I would ever know , be close and would be sell or rent ... at which point a nurse come in and say I be disturbing the patient . ( he take a deep breath and a grim flicker of = a smile set in ) my father ... not yet a admiral , but as always a commanding man ... give a short , brutally succinct account on what have happen in this house and of my own history -- after which he give I a fairly continued courtesy writingwithhitchcock.com Educational / editorial use only 3 '' mary rose " ° 16 continued she nod . mrs , otery draft # 2 - Feb. 15 , 1964 kenneth ( cont would ) handsome pourboire and suggest that I try the ' colony 's . ( let out he breath ) I never see he or my grandmother ... or this house again . and that , old bean , be the story of my life . now . it 's you turn . but not , if you please , the work . just the last three year ... since you have be here ... will do . mrs . otery ( shrug sullenly ) I look after the house . I tell you that . kenneth yes , but I be interested in you social life here ... you companion . I be interested in you ghost . have you ever actually see she ? kenneth ( cont would ) where ? in this room ? ae look toward the inner room , kennete ( cont would ) ah. have she ever be see out of that room ? mrs . otery ( in a rush .. at last she speak ) all over the house ... in every room and on the stair . I tell you I have meet she on the stair - and she draw back to let I pass and say ' good evening ' : ! kenneth ( incredulous , humor - ing , he smile ) indeed ? she sound a very gentle , harmless sort of ghost . mrs . otery there 's some would not say that . they that leave in a hurry ... there be a terrible wind - like continued courtesy writingwithhitchcock.com Educational / editorial use only 3 '' mary rose '' 17 draft # 2 - ped. 15 , 1964 continued mrs . otery ( cont would ) thing ... terrible ... that come when she get restless and think you be keep it from she . then she would do you a mischief ... it 's terrible then ... kenneth what do you mean ' keep it from she ' ? keeping what from she ? mrs . otery whatever it be she prowl about this cold house search for , search , search . I do not know what it be . but it be awful ... she loss . ( grimly ) there 's worse than not find what you be look for . there be find it so different fran what you have expect . fhe sigh ) all right , Mrs. otery . go on down to the kitchen and leave I here . mrs , otery you think you be in no danger , but ... he have dismiss she , and be now utterly oblivious to she presence . mrs , otery ( cont would ) I will be in the kitchen ... ( she turn , walk from the room , do not look back to deliver she last line ) wait . - as mrs , otery be footstep be hear descend the stair , kenneth hesitates , he eye fix on the little door , but slowly he force himself to relax , smile at himself . continued courtesy writingwithhitchcock.com Educational / editorial use only '' mary rose '' 18 . draft # 2 - peb. 15 , 1964 continued with a show of patience , indifference even , he sit down in the chair that mrs . otery have occupy . he tap out he pipe , he eye first on the door , then deliberately turn toward the delicate movement of the little finger of die fire . as the fire burn lower , he sit quietly , and in the increase dusk , he cease to be a intruder , and he figure becane indistinct and fade from sight . when the haze lift we be look at the room as it be some forty - five year ago on the serene afternoon that begin its troubled story . there be room that be always cheerful , and mrs . morland be little draw - room be one of they . it be furnish , as we have already hear , with the blue curtain , the sofa on which kenneth have he first swim lesson , the peacock on the will , and the apple tree be in full blossom at the open window . one of the tree 's branch have even step into the room . mr . morland and the local clergyman , mr . amy , be chat importantly about sane matter of no importance , while mrs . morland be on she sofa at the other side of the room . she be knitting and she come into the conversation occasionally with a cough or a click of she needle . this be she tactful way of tell she husband not to be so assertive to he guest . all three people be slightly over forty year of age . they be people who have find life to be , on the whole , a easy and hapoy adventure . the squire be only a @mall squire of very moderate mean who pass life pleasant - ly and not unprofitably in be a j.p. and will discuss for day or month the advisability of put @pew roof on a tenant 's cowsh . eventually , without he know it , he wife will make up he mind for he . even she do not know she have do it . mrs . morland be a delightful woman with rather shrewder sense than she husband , and she have a joke that have keep she merry through all she marry life , viz . she husband . she adore he , however , and they be a extremely happy sociable couple . mr. amy be even more sociable than mr , morland ; he be repute to know everyone in the county , and have several time fall off he horse because he will salute all passer - by . on he visit to London he usually return depressed use there be so many people in the street to whom he may not give a° friendly bow . he like to read a book if he know the residence of &@ relative of the author , and at a play it be far more to he to learn that the actress have three child , one of they down with measle , than to follow she histrionic genius . he and he host have the pleasant habit of print-collecting , and a very common scene between they be that which now follow . they be bent over the squire 's latest purchase . continued courtesy writingwithhitchcock.com Educational / editorial use only 4 '' " mary rose * . 19 . draft # 2 - Feb. 15 , 1964 continued mr . amy very interesting . a nice little lot . I must say , James , you have the collector 's flair . mr . morland ( modestly ) oh , I do not mow ... mr . amy the flair . that be what you have , jeme . you get they at peterkin' in Dean Street , do not you ? yes , I know you do . I see they there . I want they too , but they tell I you have already get the refusal . mr . morland sorry to have be too quick for you , George , but it be my way ip in . you have some nice int yourself , mr . amy I have not get you flair , James , . mr. morland I admit I do not miss mach . so far it have be a competition in saintliness . mr. amy ( the saint leave he ) you miss something at peterkin 's , though . no . mr . morland how do you mean ? mr . amy . you do not examine the little - lot lie beneath this lot . mr . morland I turn they over ; just a few odd and end of no account , mr . amy ( with horrible complacency ) all except one , James , continued courtesy writingwithhitchcock.com Educational / editorial use only '' mary rose '' 20 . draft # 2 - ped. 15 , 1964 3 4 continued mr. morland ( twitching ) something good ? -. mr. amy ( at he meekest ) just a little trifle of a gainsborough . mr . morland | ( faintly ) what ! you have get it ? mr . amy I have get it . I ama poor man , but I think ten pound be not too mich for a gainsborough . the devil have they both now . | mr. morland ten pound ! be it sign ? 4 mr. amy no , it be not sign . mr . morland ( almost he friend again ) ant mr . amy what do you precisely mean by that ' aht ! , James ? i¢ it have be sign , could I have get it for ten pound ? you be always speak about you flair , I suppose I can have a little flair sometimes too . mr . morland . iam not always speak about my flair , and I do not believe - it be a gainsborough . mr . amy ( with dignity ) if I have think you would grudge I my little find -. 3 which you miss -- i. would not have bro t it to show you . ( with shecice exulta - tion he produce a toll of paper ) @® ntinue courtesy writingwithhitchcock.com Educational / editorial use only " mary rose " . al. draft # 2 - Feb. 15 , 1964 continued mr . morland ( back from it ) so , that 's it . mr . this be it . the squire have to examine it like a Christian , mr . amy ( cont would ) theret I have the luck this time . TI hope you will have it next . the exultation pass from one face inte the other , mr . morland interesting , George . quite . but definitely not a gainsborough . by this time the needle have enter into the controversy but they be disregarded . mr . morland ( cont would ) I should say the work of a clever amateur . no more . mr . amy James , I have no idea you have such a small nature . mr . morland no one would have be more please than myself if you have - pick up @ gainsborough . but ook at the paper , George . ln what be wro ae , the paper Mr. mortand ? '' '' 's mr . morland - Machine make , my friend . Machine madet - after further inspection mr . amy be convinced against he will , and the find be returnea to he pocket less carefully than it have be produce . mr . morland ( ontra ) do not get into a tantrim about it , George , continued courtesy writingwithhitchcock.com Educational / editorial use only 's 4 smart rose '' continued 22 . draft # 2 - Feb. 15 , 1964 mr . amy ( grendiy ) iam not in a tantrum , and I should be oblige if you would not George I , smile on , Mr. morland , I congratulate you on you triumph , you have hurt a old friend the the quick . bravo , bravo . thank you , Mrs. morland , for a very pleasant visit . good-day . mrs . morland ( prepare ) I shall see you into you coat , George . mr . amy I thank you , Mrs. morland , but I need no one to see I into by coat . . mrs. morland ( dlandly nonsense . now which of you be to say it first ? jane ? mr . morland George , I apologize . mr . amy James , I be heartily ashemea of myself . I quite see thet it be not a gainsborough . mr . morland after all , it 's certainly in the gainsborough school . they clasp hand ine eye but the peacemaker help the situation by show a yo ; sh face , and mr . amy depart , mr . amy . goodnight , fanny . what a saint ° you be . mrs . morland not a bit$ I be a very selfish woman who bend everyone to she iron will . both mr. amy and mr. morland laugh and mr . amy be go . continued courtesy writingwithhitchcock.com Educational / editorial use only 4 " mary rose " 23 . draft # 2 - ped. 15 , 1964 continued mrs . morland I cough 80 often , James , and you mist have hear I click . mr . morland '' I hear it alright . good old George ! it 's a pity he have no flair . he might as well order he print by wireless . mrs . morland what be that ? mr . morland wireless it 's to be call . there be a article about it in that peper . the fellow say that | before many year have pass we shall be able to talk to ship on the ocean . mrs . morland ( who have resume she knitting ) what nonsense . mr . morland oh , I do not know , my dear , there be no deny that there ere more thing in heaven and earth than be dreamt of in we philosophy . mrs . morland you and I know that to be true , James , for a moment he do not know to what she be refer . ( mr. morland edging aw : from erouble ) oh , that . my dear , that be a all dead and do with long ago . mrs . morland ( thankfully ) yes . but sometimes when I look at Mary Rose -- mr . morland panny , do not seek trouble . continued courtesy writingwithhitchcock.com Educational / editorial use only 4 marl auss '' '' continued . 24 , dreft # 2 - fed. 15 , 1964 mrs . morland she will want to marry one day boon ... mr . morland that infant ! really , fanny ! mrs . morland she 's eighteen . she only seem a infant , James ... it 's she ... ( shrug ) ee eher way . mr . morland and a delightful way it ist mrs . morland I kmow , I kmow . and you be not the only man alive who will find it so . ( she put down : she knitting ) and she cannot marry , James , without you first tell the man . we agree . mr . morland well , I be no longer sure about that , fanny . let sleep dog lie , you know . mrs . morland James ... mr. morland ine difference do it make ? ww ? mrs . morland whether we like it or not Mary Rose be the same girl the whom it happen . whether she remember it or not , it happen to she . it make she singular . whomever she marries must understand ... ( mr. nd ) shrugging it oft possibly . possibly . we shall think about all that when the continued courtesy writingwithhitchcock.com Educational / editorial use only " mary rose '' . 25 . draft # 2 - ped. 15 , 1964 4 continued . mr . morland ( cont would ) time come . but that time , merci - fully , be not upon we ae ( remind that evening 's time i pass ) however , I believe my bedtime be . where do you think Mary Rose have hare off to with old Simon ? should not they be back ? mns . morland ( smile ) they probably walk all the way to the river ... I dontt believe the young people find you 's and George 's talk about old print very stimulate . mr . morland eh? why Mary Rose be always ex - tremely int .... . ( interrupt himself ) . Young people ? Simon ? that old sea cs hat mrs . morland jeme , you have slip into , the attitude of regerd Simon as one of we own generation ... he 's only thirty - three , you know . mrs . morland ( mildly surprised to be remind of simon be relative youth ) I do forget , you know . Simon have alway be so ... solid and all . mrs . moreand '' ets ( enigmatically ) for which we may de grateful , mr . morland - ( look keenly at she . he know this tone ) what be that suppose to convey ? mrs , morland just that if it be to be Simon , I be glad that he be what he be . continued courtesy writingwithhitchcock.com Educational / editorial use only '' mary rosz " a 26 . draft # 2 - fed. 15 , 1964 & continued mr . mcrland ( frown ) if what be to be Simon ? what on @arth be you try to suggest ? do you mean to tell I that you think siron be ... interested in nery hose ? what utter nonsense ! imon and ugh roset . why he 's old eno ! je she ... ( quickly calculate the age difference , be force to finish lamely ) oe euncle ... mrs . morland he be thirty - three . she be eighteen . not a unprecedented difference in ege . . mr. morland but what on earth would a grow man ...& navy man ... a Commander , mind you , should a fellow like that bother with a baby like Mary Rose ? why he imew she in she pram ! absurd ! really , fanny , it 's not nice of you to put such idea into my head . ( nervously drum hia finger on a table , take a few short pace , turn abruptly and give he wife a rather baleful glare , then without further to - do , stride to the window , pull aside the curtain , peer out into the dark , then seremptnnilys * : peremp tor : Mary Rose ? Mary roset - a seft answer come from the nearby gloom of the impenetrably leafy tree . mary rose ( 0.8 . ) yes , daddy . continued courtesy writingwithhitchcock.com Educational / editorial use only " mary rose " . draft # 2 - Feb. 15 , 1964 7 continued mr.morland ( startle , he step back ) what 's that ? confound it , Mary Rose , come inside at once . where 's Simon ? + be you do in that tree ? in the dark ? : . mary rose ( 0.8 . ) I be hide . mr . morland from Simon ? mary rose ( o.8 . ) ( she voice pale ) no ...not Simon . mr . morland Mary Rose ? be you frighten ? come in at once . * ( there be a beat while he wait for she to obey ; but when she do not appear , he speak again ) what have frighten you ? hes Simon frighten you ? the thickly - leave branch of the tree tremble and we bee @ girl lower herseir onto the branch that be level with the window . she do not yet step into the room . mr . morland ( heavily ) I say have Simon frighten you ? mary rose ( a faint amile ) partly . partly , he have . mr . morland - then what else ? who else ? mary rose now step into the @raw - room , . mary rose " you . I be mostly afraid of you . continued courtesy writingwithhitchcock.com Educational / editorial use only ° " ma 28 . =e draft # 2 = fed. 15,1964 ~ continued if there be anything strange about this girl of eighteen , ‘it 1s no more than a elusiveness of which she herself be unaware . she appear to be a happy , straightforward girl ; only perhaps a little young in manner than eighteen would imply . she 13 likely to gsive way to a tomboyishness of gesture or a child 's guileless amsement that ea more demre or more tactful eighteen would restrain . however , now , at the moment we first see she , she be quite key up , . try everything to ease over the situation ... girlish appeal , teasing , bully , candour , evasion . her mother get up from the couch and approach mary rose . mr . morland ( quite flatter to hear that he daughter might find he frightening ) of meet ? frightened of I ? mary rose stifles a e , butt she head impulsively into mrs . morland be comfortable boeonm . mrs . morland ah. mr . morland " ah '? what the devil be taht suppose to convey ? mrs . morland ( to mary rose ) I take it Simon 's be cisturd - ing you . . mary rose ( pull she head up . she like = mereeeae way of express * the situation ) yes not have . it 's all simor ' ault . what be ? water 's it 3 8 simm 's fauit ? where be het mary rose at the foot of the tree . ( leugh , she manner become even more high 's he 's so pompous ... he want to come in by the door ! @ nedive courtesy writingwithhitchcock.com Educational / editorial use only " mary rose '' 29 . : dreft # 2 - Feb. 15 , 1964 & continued mr .morland well what 's stop he ? mary rose ( in a breath - it all pour nervously out ) me. I tell he it would be better if I come first ... after all , I know you would not seriously abuse meet ( cantt he Ip a grin of mischief ) you can not think how quickly he agree ! he 's positively cravent but I do not care . I love he anyway . mr . morland Love ? mr . morland be aghast , mary rose rush into he arm to help in this terrible hour . ~~ : mary rose poor daddy ? mery Rose .... ( dlankly ) Mary Rose ... you be not in love with simont be you ? oh , daddy ta ROS , 2 , I be sorryt ( turn to she mother ) what can we do ? ( with no warning whatever , she begin to cry ) mrs . morland oh , darling ...pet ... do not , . do not ery . mary rose bat everything be so changed{ ( awed ) before ... before he be just ... pheer ed om Simon . . sand en eee wasntt , '' muback to hes ao er ) you will scarcely kmow he ! conta courtesy writingwithhitchcock.com Educational / editorial use only 4 mmary rose " 30 . continued dutt # 2 - ped. 15 , 1964 mrs . morland well , love , he breakfasted with we ; I think I shall know he still . mary rose he be quite different from breakfast time . het simply awfult he 's ...hets talk eige property and lawyer and income . {she begin to cry agein ) mr . morland ( with spirit ) incomet he 's get as far as that have het do he propose that this marriage should take place tomorrow ? tonight ! mary rose oh , not not for age and agest ; {a breath ) not till he next leave . mrs . morland Mary rosel mary rose he be wait dom there , mummy , he 's terrify ... or just hang - dog , poor thingt mrs . morland run down and tell he to come up , Mary Rose , mr . t - bat do not sone jaen hin . mary rose - oht mrs . morland ( soothing she daughter , and et the same time warning she husbend of what mist be say . to Simon ) you father be right , Mary Rose . you know Simon must feel quite ... giscomfitted , continued courtesy writingwithhitchcock.com Educational / editorial use only 2 4 " mary rose * 31 . draft # 2 - fed. 15 , 1964 continued - mr . morland ( snort ) discomfitted indeedt mrs . morland send Simon up , Mary Rose . alone . ( anxiously ) he want to do the right thing , Father . . mr . morland what 's that ? ( dary ) the right thing ? , mrs . morland ( calmly smile ) I be sure he do , darling . mary rose daddy ... you will not try to put he ageinst I ... mr . morland ( ademently ) I most assuredly will ... mrs. morland smoothly ) eeenot try ... to ' put he against you 's , sweetheart . at this phrasing , mr . morland turn with sudden memory and pook at he wife . he clear he throat , turn gently now ter . mr . morland run along , Mary Rose , and tell Simon we be wait for he , - mary rose move slowly toward the door lead to the stair , turn back once to regard she perent questioningly . mary rose ( almost a whisper ) I love Simon . I love he . she leave . we stay with the morland only long eno : to see they uneasy exchange of look , then we follow mary rose continued courtesy writingwithhitchcock.com Educational / editorial use only draft # 2 - Feb. 15 , 1564 '' mary rose " 32 . continued in she flight down the stair , what start as a stately , solemn descent , degeneratss into a headlong , three - step - at - a- time plunge . she quite literally lunge at the door and yank it open , out of the breath with which to call simon . but there be no need . for he be thre , frame in the door , wait . startle , delighted , mary rose gasp and flatten herself against he . she find the breath to whisper ... ' Simon ' .... he take she in he arm and gently kiss she hair . CuT to : ' mr . & mrs , moreland , wait . mr. morland have open the leave of a photograph album , a album which one instantly surmise be principally dedicated to mary ross . stop at a picture that seem rove him perticulerly - perhaps one of a small girl hang trustingly onto he own hand . it be charmingly period . it 's color be the sepia of the period 's photography . mr. morland «e. oh , panny , my dear ... look , here be one that you take , panny . very stea : ou be , ( sigh deeply such a child ... fanny , do you hear what she say ? she say , " you will not try to put he against I , daddy ?! mrs . morland he must be tell . mr . morland I suppose -- in any event , he will be a ass if it bother hin . {a look out the dark window worft he , panny ? CUT to : - mary rosb and simon , she face now raise to he a he kiss she mouth . when at last , breathlessly , she break away , she cannot bear the solemnity of the moment . she make a silly face and hiss . courtesy writingwithhitchcock.com Educational / editorial use only 6 tan wee . ae draft # 2 - peo. 15 , 1964 continued * mary rose I would not like to be you , Simon . guess what happen up there ?. ( ide of March sort of read ) daddy , you know ? my darling old daddy ? he turn into a father ore my very eye ! +t , Simon . courege . in you go ... and I for the attic ! mary rose stifles ea laugh and run away leave simon to make he way alone ito the house and up the stair the the draw - toom be the morland await he . simon enter the room and we see he as the morland see he : a tall man , dark , heavily build . we feel that he be habitually rather solemn , but 's ~ certainly more so now . he have ea quality of passion . if mary rose seem young for she age , simon then seem old for he . he approach the morland with a steady step and @ look of assurance .. , assurance of himself , at any rate . but mrs . morland be almost warning look and mr . morland be avert . face , cause he to falter slightly , ' there be a unexpected moment of strain silence between this old and happy acquaintance . mrs . morland break the uneasy silence . mrs . morland Simon . simon ( a faint feel - out sort of smile ) I feel as if itve deen bring befor a hang judge . mr , ( grutfiy ) and so you should . that 's what we use to do with poacher . oh lordt I really be in dicket meadow ... I understand perfectly that you think Mary Rose too young ... continued courtesy writingwithhitchcock.com Educational / editorial use only 6 '' mary rose '' continued draft # 2 - Feb , 15 , 1964 mr . morland do not be plausible , sir { you will need something better than plausibility to plead you case . mrs . morland oh Simon ... could not you have wait ? just a little time longer ? simon ( directly . to mrs . morland he can speek candidly no . I do not believe I wuld . mr . morland you ... urgency do you no credit , sirt there be now hear , startling 's the morland but mte simon , @ gentle tapping from the ceiling . simon smile , he catch the she . mr . morland ( glance upwerd ) - what on earth ...? simon it 's mery Rose . shet lend I she support . from the attic . she see instantly thet I might show the white feather ... ( he smile broaden ) «eeshe would not put it past I to bolt . mrs . morland be amile and address he next line simon ( cont would she suggest that she ck I up like a admiral with a questionable link in the line - of command . she be to make she presence feel , indicate that England expect she officer this dread day to do he duty . mrs . morland Simon . you two be most flag - rantly in cahoot agairst we . you should be ashamed . continued courtesy writingwithhitchcock.com Educational / editorial use only 6 " mary rose " 35 . draft # 2 - fed. 15 , 1964 continued simon well of course I be ashamed , but there it be . ( mr. eee aggressive : be you aware , Simon , what a fool this business make you out ? after all , Mary Rose be quite simply a infant . simon no , sir . not quite and not simply . mr . morland shoot he a look , redden , start to deliver a@ kill rejoinder , but once agein mrs , morland interfere , mrs . morland I expect you be right , simm . she be not altogether a child ... nor ... yet be she altogether a woman , again there be hear the gentle tapping from above . qick CUT to : ' attic . mary rose seat on floor of ettic . she hold a Old golf stick that she have obviously use for the tepping . now she put she ear to the floor , strain to hear , but the voice do not penetrate and impatiently she sit up agein and prepare to wait further , use the golf stick as & prop to lean against , CUT to : drawing - room , simon '' Mrs. morland ... ( turn to in - clude mr. morland ) eoesir , I think Mary Rose be more woman than you imow ... or want to admit . she want to marry I as much as I want to marry she , ( plead now ) see here . I 'tm not kidnap continued courtesy writingwithhitchcock.com Educational / editorial use only " mary rose " continued 's draft # 2 - Feb. 15 , 1964 simon ( cont would ) the girl , you know ! with wetfll always be close by ... Mary Rose will probably even want to atay on here with you , while I be on sea duty , at least to begin with . even when we open up my place ... it 's still only @ meadow away . | mr . morland turn to he wife , give she a gentle look , put he arm around she . mr . morland that 's true enough , fanny . she would be near ... that be certainly to be consider ... : simon ( decide to finish the painful discussion ) precisely . . ( he pick up a fire tool and point it at the ceiling ; give the morland a ~ sheepish grin ) I promise to kmock back as soon as I think thing be go well . shall I call she down ? mr . morland ( look into the honest , earnest eye of the other man , then averta he gaze , clear he throat , do not quite look straight at he wife ) well ... fanny , I think he might .... mrs. morland ( of sterner stuff ) ( take a deep é breath , face simon ) Simon , there 's more than ... there be something ... a little thing , Simon ... but we feel we ought to tell you ... before you knock , dear . curiously , simon give she he attention . continued courtesy writingwithhitchcock.com Educational / editorial use only " mary rose * 37 . draft # 2 - fed. 15 , 1964 continued mrs . morland ( @ not * d ) . it 's not very important , I think , but it be something she do not kmow of ferself . and it ... it make she a little different from other girl . simon ( smile ) she 's quite different from other girl . mrs . morland for you , of course . but this ls ... ( a smell , nervous * social ' laugh be force from she ) I be really find this most difficult : '' simon . '' ( slowly ) . Mrs. morland . I do not go to hear anything agenst Mary Rose . mr . morland no , Simon . we have nothing to tell you against she . mrs . morland it be just something that hap - penec , Simon . she could not help it . it have not troubled we in the least for year , but we al - way agree that she must not be engage before we tell the man . and we must have you promise , before we tell you , that you will keep it to yourself . you must never speak of it to she ... not to anyone ... but especially to she . you mst give we you promise . - simon ( frown , hesitates before he answer ) very well , I promise . mrs . morland sit down as if suddenly weary . her husband eye she with tender concern , begin the story . continued courtesy writingwithhitchcock.com Educational / editorial use only " mary rose " : draft # 2 - Feb. 15 , 1964 8 continued mr . mcrland it happen eleven year ago , when Mary Rose be seven . we be on holiday in a remote part of Scotland ... the Outer hebride . simon I once go on shore there fran the gadfly . very bleak and barren ... dly a tree ... mr . morland yes , 1t be mostly like that . there be a whaling station . we go deceuse I be fond of anyway , quite close to the inn > where we put up there be ... a little island .... and here he stq . he see that little island so clearly in he mind 's eye that he forget to go on with the story . mrs . morland James ... mr . morland eh? oh...yes ...it ... be quite a smell island , uninhabited , no sheep even . no more , I suppose , than five , six acre . not un - usual in any way ... . mrs. morland . it_had more tree than the other island . mr . morland yes , that 's right . scotch fir and a few rowan-tree ... and it have what might be call a lake , I suppose . a little pool , really , out of which a small stream flow . and it have hillock and a glade , a sort of miniature lend ... cur - iously complete in itself . that be all we notice . he see that he wife hes put tremble finger to she lip . mr . morland ( cont would ) I can tell he without yur be here , fanny . continued ' courtesy writingwithhitchcock.com Educational / editorial use only 10 * mary rose '' 39 . ro draft # 2 - ped. 15,1964 continued shebhekes she head , do not move . and he resume he tale , new move about the room , nervously recreate that other place and time . mr . morland ( cont would ) I fished a great deal in the loch between that island ... that damned island ... ( he take a steady breath ) eeeand the larger one . Mary Rose always want to go with I , but she do not like to see the bait ... the little island with its tiny pool attract she , she claim she could catch every - thing from minnow to whale in that pool ... without bait ... if she want to . but she prefer . to sketch and color in a little note - book ashe carry . so I would row she across to the little island and leave she there sit in she favorite spot - on a old tree stump beside the little pool , pretend to fish ... there be now , once again , the tapping from the attio ; this time , the tatoo have a impatient ring . CUT to : close - up = mary rose in attic as she give one last imperious thump on the floor with the golf stick she hold . the thump startles even she and she pull she head into she 's shoulder and swing herself around to hunch herself into a smaller size . we be now behind she , and in the dark of the attio the aed shape , hold the golf stick , be not at all coeee : - ' pade into ... the back of a small girl by the island pool hold , instead of the golf stick , a fishing rod , the line of which bob harmlessly in the water . over this scene we continue to hear the 0.8. voice of mr . morland as he describe what happen . eceD gould see she from the beat most of the time and we use to wave to each other .... continued courtesy writingwithhitchcock.com Educational / editorial use only 10 '' many hose " 40 . draft # 2 - ped. 15 , 1964 continued we - see the child and man ... the man at a distence over the water ... do just that . they wave . and somewhere , miffle by time and distance , deep below the present voice of mr . morland , there be the faint , dim sound of that other place ... the wind , the water and the childish voice carry across it , mr . morland ( contt ) ( o.8 . ) we would wave and then I would fish awhile longer and then go back for she . Mary Rose be very fond of the place , she call it she island , she darling , thing tike that . it hed a gaelic name which mean ' the islend that like to be visit ' . we be only tell about it later . after ... well , it happen on whet be to be we last day . I have land she on the island as usual , and in the early evening I pull across to take she off . from the bat I see she and wave lapa iwas come for she . she wave ack soe we see this scene from the boat 's p.0.v. mr . morland ( cont would ) ( o.s8 . ) «sethen I row over , with , of course , my back to she ... less than a hundred yard to &° , but when I get across she wasntt there . she just be not there . not on the island . no one in the village go to bed that night .... we see the tension , the consternation of the villager , they eye on the distant flicker light of the searcher on the island ... there be a heighten of sound under mr . morland be voice . mr . morland ( cont would ) ( o.s . ) it be then we learn how they fear the island . they have not - realize that I have be landing Mary Rose there ... and they be deeply religious people '' ashamed I expect of they superstition ... not want to bring it to the attention of stranger ... not without reason . ( sigh ) the pool be drag ... everything . there be nothing we do not try ; continued courtesy writingwithhitchcock.com Educational / editorial use only " mary rose " 41 . draft # 2 - ped. 15 , 1964 10 = continued mr.morland ( cont would ) ( o.8 . ) but she be go . go . after the third day , the searcher give up... except two whom I pay to continue with I ... hopelessly . finally , I have to let they go . there be not a leaf or a stone or a blade of grass that be not examine fifty time . it be twenty day . tant ete eon leave . we couldn eave day ... that twentieth day , i.was wander along the shore of the loch , you can imazine in what state of mind . I stop and stand look - ing across the water at the islend , and ... and I see she ! I see she sit there on the tree trunk ... - as I have see she last , .. she wave at I and I ... I wave beck . it be like a dream , I sot into my boat and row across , in the old way ... except this time I sit face she , so that I could see eran the time . when I lend , the first thing she seid to I be , " daddy , why do you row in that funny way ...t CUT back to : 11 '' house . mrs , morland , still on the sofa , weep ailently now , simon rivete with attention to mr . morland , mr . morland ( cont ! a ) he face seem " en ane when iimew at once that ake ante kmow anything have happen . _ simon bat that 's simply net possiblet - how could ... where do she say she have be ? : mr. morland she do not know ihe have be any - where , Simon . she though tr have just come for she at the usual time . , continued courtesy writingwithhitchcock.com Educational / editorial use only 12 '' rary rose " continued 42 . draft # 2 - fed. 15 , 1964 simon but ewenty gay ! you arentt suggsscing ee have be on the island all thet time ? mr . morland we do not kmow . mrs . morland James bring she back to I just the same little ... ( catch she breath ) e-.unselfconscious girl . she have no think that she have be a - way from I for more than a hour or two . simon but when you tell she ... mrs . mrland ( fdercely ) we never tell she ; she do not know ! simon but surely ... mrs . morland no . we have she back . no one here know the story . should she be different ? should she be make to doubt she - . self ... she sense ? simon you tell no one ? mrs . morland dar doctor ! setter doctor . simon how do they explain it ? - mrs . morland ( with heavy bitter irony ) they explain about fatigue and hysteria and nepve ... they explain ' time disorientation ' . they explain nothing , nothing . . continued courtesy writingwithhitchcock.com Educational / editorial use only " mary rose " . a 3 . draft # 2 - ped. 15 , 1964 ' 11 continued mr . morland they have no explanation for it except that it never take place . you can think that too , if you like . simon I do not know what to think . ( after a moment of uneasy silence ) ~ it have have no effect on she , at any rate . mr . morland none whatever -- and you cen guess how we use to watch . mrs . morland Simon , I be very anxious to be honest with you . I have scmetime think that mery Rose be curiously young for she age -- as if -- you kmow how just a touch of frost may d stop the growth of a plant and yet leave it bloom -- it have some - time seem to I as if a cold finger have once touch my child . mr . morland we have sometimes think that she have momentary glimpsis back into that time but before we could question she in a cautious way about they the gate hed close and she remember nothing . you never see she talk ... to some person who be not there ? simon no. mrs . morland nor listen ? as if for some ... - some sound that never come ? simon a sound ? ( he shake he head ) 9 mrs , morland ( sigh deeply _ shudderingly } at_any rate she have outgrown it all ... the lisen ... all of it . CO ntinue courtesy writingwithhitchcock.com Educational / editorial use only 11 12 " mary ross " . 4 u , draft # 2 - ped. 15 , 1964 continued simon it be curiov that she 's never spexen to I of that holiday . she tell I every - thing . mrs . morland no , that be not curious ; it be just that the island have fade from she memory . I should be troubled if she begin to recall it . well , Simon , we feel we have to tell you . that be all we know ; I be sure it be all we shall ever know . what be you boing to do ? simon ( smile , once more pick up fire tool ) why , itm go to knock on the ceiling , Mrs. morland . he do 80 . CuT to : attic . mary rose be instantly mobilize by the sound . she jump to she foot and excitedly answer the tap , then fling the golf stick aside end dash to the stair . once more we witness she headlong way with stair , half run , half flight . at the bottom , she grasp the handrail and bring herself to a abrupt halt , mindful suddenly of she dishevel appearance . child -like , she think to rub she possibly dirty face with she dress sleeve , runsan abortive hand through she tangle hair ... she have achieve nothing , really , by she effort , when once again , simon appear suddenly before she . she stare wide - eye at hin . simon it 's all right , Mary Rose . mary rose ( fling she - self at he ) oh , simont you and meet simon kiss she , then gently speak . simon come along , darling . they have be most decent and they be wait . continued courtesy writingwithhitchcock.com Educational / editorial use only 12 13 " mary rose " : . 45 . dreft # 2 = Feb. 15 , 1964 continued he take she arm and lead she into the drawing - room where she parent be , indeed , wait . mary rose take one brief look at she mother and father '' smile tremlously at she mother , go to she father and put she arm around hin . mary rose it 's frightfully difficult , be not it , darling ... be a father ? mr . morland it 's pure hell , that 's ali . pure hell . mary rose help he to find he handkerchief . he blow he nose . mrs . morland kiss mary rose , then move to simon and kiss he as well , . simon ( pleased ) theat 4s the official seal , be not it , mp . morland ? mrs . morland more or less , simon thenk you . mary rose oh , goodness , this be all so solemnt it 's horribly embar - rassing . when I get emberrass I have to runt ( grab simon be hand ) come on , Simon ... I will race you to the summer-house . simon nothing of the kind , my girl . now that we be properly en - gage , we shall decorously stroll to the summer- house , mary rose throw a hasty kiss to she parent ; simon give they a apologetic grin as he be pull from the room by the impulsive , over-stimlated girl . ' when simon and mary rose - be out of sight , mrs . morland move to she husdand and now gently kiss he forehead . continued courtesy writingwithhitchcock.com Educational / editorial use only wa 13 14 draft # 2 - Feb. 15 , 1964 continued mr . morland well , it be hellt ( sigh , turn sadly toward the open window , hold onto he wife ) I say , fanny , I do not suppose we could sit out in the apple ree . CUT Tor lawn , curving gently down to a stream on which the summer - house be situate . simon have succeed in restrein mary rose , if not to a stroll , at least to the extent of she have to keep to he pace even if it mean walk backward in front of he , circle he , taxing two or three step to he . meesure one . mary rose how dreadful to be old and have to sit up there in that room . simon I know quite a bit about ase , love , and I assure you most of we do not mind at all sit about in dull place . mary rose Simon , you wontt mind if I dontt bother to get old , will you ? I dont think it would suit I somehow . simon ( smile ) oh , I dontt expect you will mind ... you will want to keep up with I , you mow . mary rose - ( curiously ) will I ? not if you take to sit about in room . ( laagh untertainly ) I meen , Simon , I do not think it would be very considerate of you ... get old and all ..... continued courtesy writingwithhitchcock.com Educational / editorial use only 14 '' mary rose " a7 . draft # 2 - Feb. 15 , 1964 continued '' simon pull she to he in a hug , force she to march at he side for a few pace . simon what a silly nit it be . mary rose ( agreeably ) oh yes . still ... I be quite frighten by it all , you know . ee simon what al , darling ? mary rose well , I do not mind the idea of the wedding , of course ... ( laugh «.ethat 's just rather a expen - sive way of play dress up ! ( seriously ) Simon . how shall I be ...a wife ? simon ( smagly ) in quite the regular way , poppet . she hug herself as if chill . simon ( cont would ) see here , you have dash out into the night without a wrap ... fake off he jacket ) here . put this around you shoulder . mary rose oh , bother ... she start to move ahead but firmly he take she arm , pull she back . . simon you be in my care now ; I be responsible for you . I order you to mte on this jacket . continued courtesy writingwithhitchcock.com Educational / editorial use only 14 — — — — continued dreit # 2 - Feb. 15 , 1964 mary rose ( she mood sudden - ly change ; she be delighted ) order ? on , Simon ! you do say the loveliest thingst ( quickly she slip into the wrap , smile happily at he ) Simon ... while I be up in the attic wait , I have the most delicious idea about we honeymoon . there be a place in Scotland ... in the hebride ... I should love to go there . simon ( come to a abrupt helt ) the hebride ? mary rose yes . we go to it once whe : iwe little . isntt it queer ? I have almost forget about thet island , and then suddenly , as I be sit up there in the attic , I see it auite clearly . quite clearly . simon ( cautiously ) mery Rose , tell I ... what be there , I mean in particuler_| ebdout that place ? mary rose h . e fishing for father . she ehe.f be snother ietand ... av small one where I often .. ohi '' my tittie islnsat . ( she face , radiant with the rush of - memory , turn from hin ) simon ( disturb , but not want to let she see . his voice be careful ) Mary Rose . Mary roze , be you listen for something ? continued courtesy writingwithhitchcock.com Educational / editorial use only 14 " mary rose " continued she laugh silent for the night . : 49 . draft # 2 - fed. 13 , 1964 mary rose what ? listen ? I do not heer anything . do you ? ( move once again within he orbit , but continue to explore the be - discover excite - ment within herself ) oh , darling ... I should love to show you my island . ' there be @ rowan - tree and a old stump beside the dearest beby pond ... ( laugh ) I use to pretend to fish there ... I do not wantcaddy to be diseppoint that I do not really like to fish , you mow . ( solemnly ) fishing be unkind , Simon . any - way , daddy would land I on the island . I expect he do not like to put up with my wriggle about in the boat ... and the little islend be such a safe place . simon - ( troubled ) that have be the idea . ( give she a little shake ) I have no intention of spend - ing honeymoon by the see or any g like it . I hope you can bring yourself to come to Italy with I . - and kiss he . then arm in arm they walk , e@ long moment before Simon 's voice again penetrate simon ( cont would and yet ... abot da ike go to the hebride ... some day ... to see that island of yours . - mary rose oh , yes . let 's . slow pade out . courtesy writingwithhitchcock.com Educational / editorial use only 15 16 17 " mary rose " wo oe ) draft # 2 - Feb. 25 , 195 '' fade in : at the base of the apple tree a srall celebration be in progress . there be a tea-table on which there be a dirthdey cake with one candle . mary rose be seat with she year - old son on she kmee . she help he . blow out the cendle . there be laughter and applause . simon watch preudl ; nearby and it be this picture that mr . morland , with mrs . morland be assistence , teke . mrs . morland how like you he loox , Mary roset mr . morla ' Mary Rose , bounce he a bit ... let we see he tooth ... mary rose oblige . ; mrs . morland now ! now , James ! be still , Mary Rose . . there be a flash . the picture 1s tazen . we see the reslity , and then a moment leter , we see the picture as it eventually will repose in mr , morland be album , oval in shape , sepie in color . CuT to : another year , another celebration , the action varied this time perhaps by the presence of mr . amy and a meid bring the cake toward the now toddle child . simon hug mary rose be shoulder as the little boy clutches at he mother 's skirt . simon look at you grandfather , Kenneth . the flash . and this picture we see , in turn , among the leave of the album . pade out . slow fade in : the island . the day be clear and bright . now for the first time we be actually on the island and it be not at all frightening . the day be clear and sunny ; the pond be clear ' and fresh , the grow thing be simply ... grow thing ...° fir , rowan , green grass , whin . continued courtesy writingwithhitchcock.com Educational / editorial use only 17 " mary rose " fh continued there be a soft , langorous breeze , and in the distance , across the loch , can easily be see the other larger island . there be a boat sxirting along the outer edge of the littie island and e young highiander , a cemeron , gaide it . we hear a woman 's laugh . it be mary rose . and now , she and simon come into sight . they be dress as fnglish people dress in Scotland . and only by she clothes cen we see that this be a possibly older mary rose . = = mary R ( ( thrilled ) I think ...no ! I do not think at all , I be quite sure . this be the place . Simon , kiss meet ! quickly ! you you promise that when we find the place ... simon ( obey ) certainly I be not .a man to break my word . still , I might point out to you that this be the third spot you have pick as be the one and only - plece , and three time I have kiss you quick on that under - stand .... mary rose ( laugh ) stingyt simon not at all . it 's not the kiss - ing I begrudge ... itt this clambore around that you insist must precede it ... at any rate , we have cover the island , as my bleed limb testify . ( the whin have be tear at he , and he rub he leg ) mary rose they do not hurt I at all . they favor I . simon oh. I see . and you ... do you favor this spot ? you be quite sure this be the one ? : continued courtesy writingwithhitchcock.com Educational / editorial use only " mary rose '' . , 52 . ° draft # 2 - %. 15,1364 17 continued . mary rose derling , I know I be not clever , but at least I a always risht . he leugh . mary rose ( cont would ) well , be not i? look ... the rowan- berriest I use to put they in my hair . ( she do so agein ) Simon ... I feel absolutely positive that this rowan- tree S glad to see I back ! ( address it ) you do not look a bit older . how do you think itm wear ? ( she pull a little branch of the rowan - tree around she shoulder ) oh , Simon , how I love this plecet I remember it all sovee so pessionatelyt he smile indulgently . mary rose ( cont would ) do not smirx , you clodt this wes my first love simon never mind you first . so long as I be you ultimate , ( ween leugh why doestultimatet sound '' 4 much grander than ' last !? I be not at all sure I will concede you the glory of tultimater on , rim so glad to be here ( abruptly ) - Simon ... you know I want to come away . I want to leave ... ( stricken he be so little ... wave I he sad little goodbye . oh , Simon , how could I have want to come away from he ! continued courtesy writingwithhitchcock.com Educational / editorial use only " mary rose '' 53 . draft # 2 + Feb. 15 , 1964 17 = continued simon {reasonably ) it 's only a short holiday , Mary Rose . we have not be away together in donkey 's year ... mary rose but do not you see ? I shoulentt go to leave my baby ! he take she into he arm . simon stop it , Mary Rose . youtre be absurd . mary rose hn v9 ( seriously ) st 59 sivon indeed you be . at this very moment master Kenneth be mst likely be happily bounce on you mother 's kmee wit ? out eny think whatever of we . mary rose ( not think of she ? this be a new ide , she acknowledge it with e wrysmile ) oh . do you think so ? be you sure he do not think I have abandon he ? simon ( firmly ) ite sure . come on now , you goose , be you go to let you istand see how utterly displace in you affection it be ? she shake off she mood , laugh a little at herself and obediently move about maice discovery , mary rose this mosst I feel sure there be a tree-trunk beneath it , the one on which I use to sit . continued courtesy writingwithhitchcock.com Educational / editorial use only " mary rose '' 54 . droit # 2 - feoruary 15 , 1964 17 = continued obligingly , simon clear ewsy some moss . mary rose ( conttd ) I believe ... I believe I cut my name on it with a knife ... simon you be absolutely rignt . here ... see it ? m...a...r... just m.a.r . it stop there . mary ROS ( puzzle ) why do not I finisn ? simon I expect the knife blade break . mary rose ( disappointed ) I can not remember , simon ( not unplease he tickle she ) what a trumpery love , you be fickle , Mary Rose . mary rose ( she appear to take he accuse - tion se-tously ) be I ? ( restlessly ) oh , Simon , it dentt a wrong thing that I leave he , I mow that ... what be wrong be tha > I be s0 glad to go ... and when he wave , it be sad . it wes , ~~ simon Mary Rose . oo mary rose ( in she mind , @ parallel ) : be not it funny to think that from this very spot I use to wave to father ? that be a happy time . continued courtesy writingwithhitchcock.com Educational / editorial use only 17 " mary rose " continued uw we . draft # 2 - Feb. 15 , i964 simon . ( down to eerth ) I should be heppier here if I wastt so hungry . I wonder where cameron be . I tell he after he lend we to tie up the boat at eny good plece end make a fire . I suppose I have better try to make it myself . mary rose how you cen think of food ! simon ( who be collect - ing stick ) all very well , but you will presently be eat more than you shere , . . mary rose do you know , Simon , I dontt think deddy and mother like this island . simon ( on he guerd ) help I with the fire , pet . mary rose they never seem to want to speak of it . simon forgotten it , I suppose , mary rose I shall write to they from the inn this evening . simon ( casually ) I wouli not write from there , wait till we cross to the - mainland . mary rose why ? . simon oh , no reason , but if they have a distaste for the place , perhaps they would not like we come . I say , praise I , I have get this fire go . continued courtesy writingwithhitchcock.com Educational / editorial use only '' mary rose " . 56 . draft # 2 - fed. 15,1954 17 continued mary rose ( who be often disconcertingly pertinacious } Simon , why do you want to come to my island without I ? : simon do I ? on , I merely suggest you remain at the inn be - - , Cause I think you seem ' tired . I wonder where cameron can have get to ? mary rose here he come . ( solicitously ) do be polite to hm , dear ; you kmow how touchy they be . simon I be learninst . the boat , with cameron , draw in . he be a gawky youth ... a old - young man , in the poor but honoreble garb of the ghillie , and be not especially impressive until you question he about the universe . cameron ( in the soft voice of the highlander ) iss it the wish of Mr. blake thet I should land ? simon yes , yes , cameron , with the luncheon . cameron step ashore with the fishing basket . cameron iss it the usn of Mr. blake that I should open the basket ? simon we shall tumble out the luncheon if you bring a trout or two . I want you to show my wife , cameron , how one cook fish by the water 's edge . - '' ntinue courtesy writingwithhitchcock.com Educational / editorial use only " mary rose '' 57 . draft # 2 - fed. 15 , 1964 17 = : continued cameron I will do it with pleasure . ( he peuse ) there be one little matter , it iss of small importance . you may haf notice that I always address you as Mr. blake . I notice that you always address I as cameron ; I take no offense . mary rose oh dear , I be sure I always address you as Mr. cameron . cameron that iss so , matam . youmy haf notice that I always address you as tmatamt , it iss my way . of indicate that I consider you e ferry genteel young matron , and of all such I be the humble servant . 7 ( he pause } in say I they you humble servant ido mte imply that I they not as '' = good as you be . with this brier explanation , matem , I will now fetch the trout . simon ( take advantage of he departure ) that be one in the eye for I . mary rose Simon , if you want to say any - thing to I that be ...oh ... that you do not want he to understand , say it in french . cameron return with two small sea-trout . cameron the trout , mtam , have be - clean in a thorough and yet easy menner by pull then up and down in the water , the next procedure iss as follow . he wrap up the trout in a piece of newspaper and soak then in the water . continued courtesy writingwithhitchcock.com Educational / editorial use only " mary rose " so. 17 = continued cameron be c draft # 2 - Feb. 15 , 1904 cameron ( cont would ) I now place the soaking little parcel on the fre , and when the paper begin to burn it will be a sure sign that the trout iss now ready , like myself , ma'tan , to be you humble servant . ( he be return to the - boat ) mary rose ( who hes be pre - pare the feast ) do not go away . cameron if it iss agreeable to mistress blake I would wish to go back . to the boat . mary rose why ? . not comfortable . she smile persuasively . mary rose ( contd ) it would be more agreeable to I if you would stey . cameron ( shuffle ) iwill stay . simon good man -- look after the trout . it be the most heevenly way of cooking fish , Mary Rose . a cameron sa tasty with Mr. bl tt pwourd aye ake the nond ’? heavenly in this connection . simon - I stand correct . ( tartly ) I must say --- mary rose prenez garde , mon brave} continued ourtesy writingwithhitchcock.com Educational / editorial use only 17 " mary rose " 59 continued dref : # 2 - fed. 15 , 1964 simon mon dieut * qu 'il est un drole ! mary rose mais moi , je ltaime , 12 est tellement -- what be the french for a original ? simon that stump I . cameron colloquially tcoquin ! might be use , though the classic writer would probably sey simply tun originalt , simon ( with a greon ) phew , this be serious . what be that book you be read - ing , cemeron , while I be fishing ? cameron it iss a small euripide I carry in the pocket , Mr. blake . simon Latin , Mary roset cameron it may be Latin , but in this part we kmow no better than to call it Greek , simon crushed againt well , I dare - say it 1s good for my character . sit down end have pot luck with we , Mr. cameron . pe cameron - I thank you , Mr. blake , but it would not be good manners for a paid man to sit with he employer . mary rose when I ask you , Mr. cameron ? cameron it iss kindly mean , but I she not be introduce to you . continued courtesy writingwithhitchcock.com Educational / editorial use only " mary rose " 60 . draft # 2 - fed. 15 , 1964 17 continued mary rose oh , but =- oh , do let I . my husband , Mr. blake -- Mr. cameron . cameron I hope you be ferry well , sir . simon the same to ya ; Mr. cameron . how do you do ? lovely day , isntt it ? cameron it iss a fairly fine day . ( he be not yet appeese ) mary rose ( to the rescue ) Simon simon . aht do you imow my wife ? 9 Mr. cameron -- Mrs. blake . mo cameron I be ferry pleased to make mistress blake 's acqusintence . iss mistress bleke make '' long stay in this part ? mary rose no , ala , we go across tomorrow . cameron I hope the weather will be favorable . ky tne rose en pass he the sandwich ) and now , you know , you be we guest . cameron I be mich oblige . ( he examine the sandwich ) ) . Butcher meat ! this iss ferry : excellent . ( he burst into a surprising fit of laughter , and sud . denly cut it off ) continued courtesy writingwithhitchcock.com Educational / editorial use only " mary rose '' 61 . draft # 2 - peb. 15 , 1964 17 =~ = continued cameron ( cont would ) please to excuse my behavior . you haf be laugh at I all this time , but you do not mow I haf be laugh + mself also though keep a remarkable control over my feature . I will now haf my laugh out , and then I will lain . tne finish he laugh ) I will now explain . I be not the solemn prig I hef pretend to you to be . I be really a fairly attractive young man , but I a shy and I hef be guerd against you take liberty with I , not beceuse of myself , who be nothing , but because of ' the noble profession it iss my ambition to enter . they discover that they like he . mary rose do tell we whet that be , cameron it iss the profession of medicine . I be @ student of Aberdeen University , and in the vacation I be a boatmen , or a ghillie , or anything you please , to help to pay my fee . simon well do ! cameron I be oblige to Mr. bleke . and I may say , now that we know one another socially , that there iss mich in Mr. blake which I be try to copy . simon something in I worth copying } cameron it iss not Mr. blaket learn ; he have not much learn , but I haf always understand thet the English manege without it . what I admire in you iss you ferry nice manners and you general continued courtesy writingwithhitchcock.com Educational / editorial use only " mary rose " : draft # 2 - fed. 15 , 1964 17 = continued cameron ( cont would ) deportment , in all of which I haf a great deal to leern yet , and I watch this thing in Mr. blake and take memoranda of they in a little note-book . simon expands . . mary rose Mr. cameron , do tell I that I also they in the little note - book ? cameron you ere not , matam , it would not be seemly in I . put it iss write in my heart , end also i. hafsaid it to my father , that I will remain a bachelor unless I cen marry some lady who iss ferry like mistress blake . mary rose Simon , you never say anythr to I as pretty as that . be you father a crofter in the villeze , Mr. cameron ? cameron yes , matam , when he iss not at the University of Aberdeen . simon my star , do he go there , too ? cameron he do so . we share a ferry small room between we . simon Father and son . be he also enter into the medical pro - fession ? cameron such iss not he purpose . when he have take hisdgree he will return and be a crofter again . simon in that case I do not see what he be get out of it . continued courtesy writingwithhitchcock.com Educational / editorial use only 17 " mary rose '' . '' 3 . draft # 2 - Feb. 15 , 1964 continued cameron he iss get the grandest thing in the world out of it ; he iss get education . simon feel that he be be gradually rubde out , end it be @ relief to he that cameron have now to attend to the trout . the paper they ere wrap in have begin to burn . mary rose ( for the first time eat of trout as it shouldbe cook ) delicious ! she offer a portion to cameron . cameron no , I thank you . I haf live on trout most of my life . this butcher meat iss more of a excellent novelty to I . ( he have be eat - ing all this time ) mary rose do sit down , Mr. cameron , cameron I be do ferry well here , I thank you . mary rose but , please . cameron ( with decision ) I will not sit down on this island . simon ( curtously ) come , come , sete senniy you - be a scientist . sure you be not superstitious ? cameron this islend have a bad name . I haf never land on it before . mary rose a dad name , Mr. cameron ? but what a ehamel when x o2 g here long ago , I often come to the islend . continued courtesy writingwithhitchcock.com Educational / editorial use only " mary rose " . 64 , draft # 2 - fed. 15 , 1964 17 . ~= continued . cameron ~~ - iss thet so ?. it be a chancey thing to do . simon ( brazenly ) I have hear that its gaelic neme have a odd . meaning -- ' the islend theat lix to be visit ! but there be nothing terrifying in that . mary rose - ont I never hear that . it 's charming . cameron theat iss as it may be , mis - tress blake . simon : what be there against the island ? cameron for one thing , they be say - ing it have no authority to be here . it be not always here , so they ere say . then one cay it be here . simon that little incident happen before you time , I should sey , Mr. cemeron . cameron . it happen before the time of anyone now alive , Mr. blake , | | simon j! I think so . and do the | island ever go away for a jamt in the same way ? cameron there be some who say that it . do . y simon but you have not feen it on ~ the move yoursel . continued courtesy writingwithhitchcock.com Educational / editorial use only " mary rose " , = 3 + draft # 2 - feb.15 , 195 ov 17 9 '' continued - cameron iam not always watch it , Mr. blake , or listen . simon listen to the silence ? a island that be as still as a empty church ? mary rose and have the poor little island many visitor ? cameron a island that hed visitor would not need to want to be visit . and why have it not visitor ? because they ere afraid to visit it . mary rose whatever be they afraid of ? cameron that iss what I say to then . whateffer be you afraid of , I say . mary rose but whet be you afraid of , Mr. cameron ? cameron the same thing they be afraid of . there be storey , mar 'am , mary rose do tell we . Simon , would not it be lovely if he would tell we some misty , eerie higtend storey ? simon I do not know ; not unless - they be pretty one . cameron there iss many storey , there iss that one of the doy who be bring to this islend , he be no older than you baby . simon what happen to he ? continued courtesy writingwithhitchcock.com Educational / editorial use only " mary rose '' 66 . draft # 2 - fed. 15 , 1964 17 = continued cameron no one know , Mr. blaze . his father and mother and they friend , they be gather towan on the island , and when they look round , he be go . simon lose ? - cameron he could not be find . he be never find . mary rose nevert he have fall into the water ? cameron that iss a good thing to sey , thet he hed fellen into the water . that iss what I say . simon but you do not believe it , cameron I do not . mary rose what do the peqie in the village say ? cameron some say he iss on the island still . simon Mr. cameront oh , Mr. cameront what do you father say ? cameron he will be say that they be not here always , but that - they come and so. simon they ? who be they ? cameron ( uncomfortably ) I do not know . put that iss what they say . he have hear the island call . continued courtesy writingwithhitchcock.com Educational / editorial use only " mary rose " 67 . draft # 2 - Feb. 15 , 1064 17 =continued simon ( vlurfily ) Calling ? how call ? cameron I do not know . no one can hear it but that for whom it iss mean . this iss how it iss , I might be stand close to you , mistress blake , as it be here , end I might hear it , ferry loud , terrible , or in soft whisper -- no one know -- but I would haf to go , and you will not haf hear a@ sound . a mary rose ( delighted ) Simon , be not it creepy ! simon how long azo be this suppose to have happen ? the lose child ? cameron it be before I be bear . simon ( smile ) I see . mary rose Simon , do not 's meke fun . do you know any more storey about the island , Mr. cameron ? cameron I cannot tell they if Mr. blake will be say thing the island might not like to hear . mary rose Simon , promise to be good . simon all right , cemeron . cameron this one iss about a young English miss , and they sey she be about eisht year of age , courtesy writingwithhitchcock.com Educational / editorial use only 17 " mary rose " . rc dreft # 2 - Feb. 25 , 1964 continued mary ross not so much older than I be when I come here . how long azo be it ? cameron I think it iss almost fifeen year ago . mary - rose Simon , it mist have be the year after I be heret simon think she have heerd enough . simon very likely . but , I say , we must not stay on gossipe . we must be get back . do you dail out the boat ? cameron . I do not , but I will do it now if such iss you wish . mary rose _ the story first ; I refuse to budge without the story . cameron well , then the feather of this miss he will be fond of fish - ing , and he sometimes land the little one on the island while he fished round it from the boat . mary rose just as father use to do with meet simon I daresay lot of bold tourist . come over here . cameron that iss so , if ignorance be boldness , and sometimes -- simon : quite so . but I really think we mist be start . no simon{ * Fe 2. on , Mr , cameron , , courtesy writingwithhitchcock.com Educational / editorial use only continued " mary rose '' . 69 . . draft # 2 - fed. 15 , 1964 17 = continued cameron . one day the father pull over for he little one as usual . he see she from the boat , and it iss seid she kiss she hand to he . then in a moment more he reach the island , but she be go . mary rose go ? do not it make one shiver cameron my father be one of the searcher ; for many day they searched . they searched matan , long after there be no sense in search this small island . mary rose what a curdle stary ! Simon dear , it might have be I . be there any more ? cameron there iss more . it be about @ month afterwards . her father be walk on the shore over there , and he see something move on the island . all ina tremble , matam , he ceme across = a boat , and it be he little ss . mary rose alive ? cameron yes , mar 'am , mary rose I be glad ; but it rather spoil the mystery . simon how , Mary Rose ? mary rose because she could tell they -. what reppen , stupid . with what - ever be it ? continued courtesy writingwithhitchcock.com Educational / editorial use only " mary rose " . 70 . dreft # 2 - B. 15 , 1964 17 continued cameron it iss not so easy es that . she do not mow ' thas enything hed happen . she think she have be parte from she father for but a hour . mary rose shiver end take she husbend 's hard . simon ( speek more lightly than he be feel ) you and you bogy and wraith , you man of the mist , cameron it iss not good to disbelieve the storey when you ere in this part . I belive they all when I be here , though I turn the cold light of remorseless reason on they when I be in Aberdeen . . simon . oh ? a island thet hes such extreordinary pewer could surely send its call to Aberdeen or fartner . cameron ( troubled ) I kad not think of thet . that may be ferry true . simon beware , Mr. cameron , lest some day when far from here , you be set a break leg or swabbing a throat , the call pluck you out of you very hysenic and scientific surgery end bring you back to the island like a e trout on a long cast . cameron I will go end bail the boat . he go back to the boat which soon drift out of sight . mary rose how ' a ar gasently asttke ) she father tell she that she have be away for week ! continued courtesy writingwithhitchcock.com Educational / editorial use only '' mary rose " . jl. draft # 2 - Feb. 15 , 1964 17 ° continued simon perhaps she be never tell . he may have think it wiser not to disturb she . mary rose yes , I suppose that would have be best . and yet -- it be take a risk . simon how ? mary rose well , not know what have happen before , she might come back and -- and be catch again . she draw closer to he . simon if she ever come : back , let we hope it be with a able - body husband to protect she . mary rcse ( comfortably ) Nice type , husband . s™on ( all business ) and now to pack up the rem nant of the feast and escape from the scene of the crime . we will never come back again Mary Rose . I find I be not so enchant with you island . she help he to pack . then I daresay poseai1 never visit here again . the last time of anything be always sad , do not you think , Simon ? simon ( briskly ) there must always be a lest time , Mary Rose . for every - thing . continued , courtesy writingwithhitchcock.com Educational / editorial use only '' mary rose " 72 . 17 continued draft # 2 - pet. .5 , 1964 mary rose yes -- I suppose -- for everything . there must be a last time I shall see you , Simon . fplay with he hair ) some day I shall flatten this wretch tuft for the thousandth time , and then never do it asain . simon some day I shall look for it and it will not be there . mary rose oh dear ! she be whimsical rather than merry and merry rather than sad . simonm touch she hair with he lip . mary rose ( cont would ) some day , Simon , you will kiss I for the last time . but if you plan to be bald and fat , I daresay I sha not mind : simon just as I say , fickle . he kiss she again , sportively . she quiver . simon ( cont would ) what be it ? mary rose I do not know ; something seem to pass over I . Simon ... I hate last time ! the think that there must be a last time of kiss you ... to hold my simon darling , the day after you have hold Kenneth for the last time as a baby you will see he for the first time as a little boy , and then before you kmow it , as aman . think of that . continued courtesy writingwithhitchcock.com Educational / editorial use only '' mary rose " uw draf= # 2 - Feb. 15 , 1954 17 ~ continued mary rose I shall like that , I think . to have Kenneth grow and handsome and strong ... and he can hold I in he arm and comfort I .... simon ( he have be watch she , listen to she . now he deliber - ately break into she mood ) well , I suppose I ought to stamp out this fire ? mary rose let cameron do it . Simon ... come sit beside I and hold I . simon . what a life . let I see now , how do one begin ? a mary rose shall I make love to you , - ~ Simon ? ( touch he face , then put she head against he chest ) I wonder if I have be a nice wife to you ... I mean a tolerably good wife on the whole , not a wonderful one , but a wife that would pass in a crowd ? simon look here , Mary Rose , if you be go to butt I with a you he : in that se xast take the pin oxt £ you hair . mary rose ( although he have not mean this suggestion seriously , she do take the pin from she hair , and it fall now ) around she shoulder ) have I be all right as a mother , simeon ? continued courtesy writingwithhitchcock.com Educational / editorial use only '' mary rose " 17 . continued draft # 2 - Feb. 15 , 1964 simon ( smile ) you must wait a few year and ask that of Kenneth morland blake . mary rose have I ... simon shut up , Mary Rose . I know you ; you will be cry in a moment , and I use you handkerchief to wrap around the trout whose head come off . mary rose ( this time he do not find it so easy to disrupt she mood ) Simon , if one of we have to ... to go ... to leave Kenneth ... and we could choose which one ... simon ( a exaggerated sich ) oh , Lord . she 's off again . mary rose but 1£ ? I wonder which would be best ? I mean for he , of course . simon ch , then I . I should have to hop it . mary rose oh , Simon ! simon ( grin ) steady , old girl . I have not - skip off yet . ( he regards she curiously ) I expect you be not unlike mother generally . if they husband do ... as you say , go ... they first think be , ' the by 's happiness must not be interfered with for a moment 's . continued courtesy writingwithhitchcock.com Educational / editorial use only " mary rose " : 75 . draft # 2 - Feb. 15 , 1964 17 continued mary rose be that the way we be ? simon ( confidently ) you would blot I out forever , Rose , rather than see you child lose one of he hundred laugh a day . it 's true , be not it ? mary rose it be true that if I be the one to go , that be what I should like you to do . simon get you foot off the table - cloth , slattern . her mouth open . simon ( cont would ) and do not step in the marma - lade . mary rose ( throw she head back , laugh gloriously ) oh God ! be not life lovely : I be so happy : be not you , Simon ? simon Rather . . mary rose but you can put the lid on the marmalade . why do not you scream with happiness ? one of we have get to . scream . simon then I know which one it will - 7 be . scream away , it will give cameron the jump . cameron draw in . simon ( con*td ) there uu be , cameron . we be still safe , be see . you ean count we -- . courtesy writingwithhitchcock.com Educational / editorial use only 17 18 '' mary rose " S ) m draft 42 - Feb. 15 , 1964 continued cameron iam ferry gle . simon here you be . hhand he the luncheon basket ) you need not tie the boat up . stay there and I will stamp out the fire myself . cameron as Mr. blake please . simon ready , Mary Rose ? mary rose I must say good - bye to my island first . good-bye , old mossy seat , nice rown ... good - bye ... simon I say , Mary Rose , do dry up that drivel . mary rose T will not say another word . simon confound fire . just as it seem to be out , spark come again . do you think if I be to get some stone --? he look up and she sign that she have promise not to talk . they laugh at each other . he be then occupy for a little time in dump wet stone from the loch upon the fire . cameron be in the boat with he Zuripide . mary rose be sit demure but gay , hold she tongue with she finger like a child . but something else be happen : the call have come to = mary rose . it be at first as soft and furtive as whisrer - ing from hole in the ground , ' Mary Rose ' , ' Mary Rose ' . then in a fury of storm and whistling wind that might be a unholy organ it rush upon the island , raxing every bush for she . this sound increase rapidly in volume till the mere loudness of they be horrible . struggle continued courtesy writingwithhitchcock.com Educational / editorial use only 18 19 ° " mary rose " . 77 . draft # 2 - Feb. 15 , 1964 continued , through they , and also call she name , be to be hear music of a unearthly sweetness . once mary rose be arm go out to she husband for help , but thereafter she be oblivious to he existence . her face be rapt , but there be neither fear nor joy in it . her figure move beck , back ... away from the fire , from simon , fran we , until she be outline finally against the rise of the hillock , then disappear from we view ... from we ken . almost immediate - ly , the island resume its stillness . the sun have go down . simon be by the fire still , and cameron be in the boat . they have hear nothing . simon ( on he knee ) there ... that 's finally do . we can go now . how cold and gray it 's become . = ( smile , but with - out look up ) you need not grip you tongue any longer , you know . ( he rise ) . Mary Rose , where have you get to ? please do not hide . darling , do not . cameron , where be my wife ? cameron rise in the boat , and he be afraid to land . his face alarm simon , who run this way and that and be lose to sight call she by name again and asain . he return livid . simon cameron , I can not find she ! Mary Rose : Mary Rose ! in spite of he trepidation , cameron join simon on the island and as the camera move back to show they two figure run , crossing and recross each other 's in a frantic ballet , we see they too rise to the height of the little hillock . but we also see they descend to its other side where they discover ... nothing . the camera move back and back as simon be voice continue to keen the name of he wife . ' Mary Rose ! '... ' Mary Rose ! '... ' Mary Rose ! ' and as he figure diminish in the mist , so will he voice . the retreat of the camera , the fade out , will continue until the figure , the voice , be utterly diminish and as lose to we ... in they way ... as mary rose , who have become , it seem , no more than the haunt echo of simon be fade voice . 2 - courtesy writingwithhitchcock.com Educational / editorial use only of 20 . " mary rose '' , 38 . draft # 2 - Feb. 15 , 1764 from the final dim vision and fail whisper cf smon on the island to the stillness of utter nothing . now ... from this nothing ... the come ? a again move to life . su + its move should be like &@ waken , and it come from a distance , a great distance , slowly forward until , from timeless mist , there be a gradual focus and the minutiae , the fact , of image be again ours . we be once more in the morland drawing -room . the camera be approach to the voice we hear ( as . simon be voice din - inished as we move away from he , so now do this voice augment as we approach ) be oblique , circle the room , little change from we last visi , until it come to rest ... at last ... on the three occupant . they be mR. and mrs . morland , and mr. amy . before we see they we hear they talk . sR. morland say , mr . morland ( 0.s . ) it 's the sugar I mind most . we have not have a proper puddin ' in week . mr . amy ( 0.8 . ) ( reply ) well , personally L believe this small sacrifice have be a bit of a bless in disguise . since I have have to walk about so much , I have drop a full stone ... feel like a boy . you would too , jane , if you follow in my footstep every day . mr . morland ( 0.s. ) I caresay I feel as much a boy as you , George . now , finally , the camera close in on morland , and we see that he be now a old man . he be . still straight and lean , but there be simply not the vigor and chestiness of fifty , hor the look that all be still possibly recoverable . his hair be quite white , he complexion ruddier and vein , mr . morland ( cont would ) you never sa recisely what you age be , georke™ . '' '' mr . amy ( he too be much age , but he do not carry he age as well as mr . morland . he seem to have shrink ) I be in my late sixty . I be 's I have tell you that before . continued courtesy writingwithhitchcock.com Educational / editorial use only with " mary rose " 20 continued it would see be in the sixty longer than it be usual to be in they . mrs . morland ( she too , like she husband , carry she year well , but there be no deny that she be now a old woman ) James : mr . morland no offense , George . I be only go to say that at seventy - two I certainly do not feel my age . nor would it seem , at , uh ... sixty-nine ?... do you . mr . amy ( testily ) whatever my age , Mr. morland , but I have not yet find it necessary to complain about the pitiful economy of a government at war . mr . morland be you suggest that I ...1 , who administer this county 's ration , have be hear by you to complain ! mr . amy perhaps ' complain ' be too strong aterm . you attitude might best be describe as ' fretful ' . : mr. mo ! ( outrage ) fretful : I : mr. amy ( triumphantly ) you chagrin ~ can well be understand : ( rise ) I believe I must go . I have quite a distance to walk . for quite look forward to breathe courtesy writingwithhitchcock.com Educational / editorial use only 79 . " mary rose '' : 80 . draft 42 - Feb. 15 , 19€4 20 continued 2 mr. amy ( cont would ) the invigorate night air . thank you , Mrs. morland , for you unvary hospitality . he be follow to the door by mrs . morland . mrs . morland ( as they leave the room ) I shall see you into you coat , George . mr . morland ( satisfy himself withthe last word , he do not presume to make it audible to he depart guest ) yes , fanny . do help the dedder - ing old fool . he will never make it alone . . ( kick at a burn log , sigh , then 3 follow out the door ) CUT to : 21 mrs . morland and mr. amy at front door . mrs , morland help he with hs coat . mr . amy dear fanny ... ( timidly he touch she arm ) how generous of you to give we you smile through every - thing you have have to bear . you know , panny , I feel that I must not speak of it in James 's presence ... poor old James have never have you serenity of spirit , panny ... but lately ... I can not explain it ... lately I have - have the strongest conviction that Kenneth be alive and well . that he be surely prisoner - of - war somewhere across the line and quite safe . ? do you foot ena ore eee ? I do . otherwise I be sure I could not go on . continued courtesy writingwithhitchcock.com Educational / editorial use only '' mary rose " draft : # 2 - Feb. 15 , 1964 21 continued mr . amy ( pat she gently , sigh ) will Simon be home ? mrs . morland yes , we be bound to see he anyday . they can not keep he ship in constant engagement . they must be relieved soon . mr . amy I should love to see he and hear about it all . ( lower he voice con fessionally ) it be thrill to think about , be not it ? the icy black reach of the sea , we grave ship , the gallant man guard we shore against the silent prowl killer . they shall not pass !* oh fanny , I wish I be young !: ( a sudden disturb - ing think ) — not that I personally should ever . wish to harm anyone ... even the hun . but I would like ¢o stand guard . ~ tsigh ) ah well . now . I really can not leave poor James in wrath ... ( turn as if to remount the stair , see mr . morland at the top ) oh .... mr . morland it fretted I , George , to have you go without say goodnight . ( pleased e smile ) goodnight , then , James . Goodbye , panny . ( he leave ) mrs . morland look up , smile at she husband , begin to climb back up the stair , while he come down a few to meet she . - mr , morland what be you two gossipe aboue ? continued courtesy writingwithhitchcock.com Educational / editorial use only 21 " mary rose " 82 . draft # 2 - Feb. 15 , loe continued they walk up the last few step together curing the ensue gialogue and reenter the drawing - room , he to stop again by the fire , she to where the old album lay . mrs morland ( smile ) nothing really . just how George wish he be in the navy like Simon . mr . morland ha : at he age ? he 's get positively senile . mrs . morland have pick up the album and open it . her smile do not altogether disappear , but it become pain - fully poignant as she look at the picture . we , too , see they , this fade image of the past , the color of the present give way to the sepia shade of memory , the first one we see , at first glare might almost be the one take on kenneth be second birthday . but we must stay with it long enough to take in the three candle on the cake , mrs , morland now occupy the place of the absent mary rose , and somewhat apert , unsmile , simon , who be look not at the little boy on he birthday , but into some distance of he own . the boy , kenneth , be see to be fair and blue -ey like he mother , and he have something of she open gaze and look of innocent joy . this first picture should be follow by several more ... five or six ... all on kenneth be birthdays . mrs. morland be always there . simon be sometimes not . the picture in which simon be present should reveal the estrangement between father and son . they be never touch , never smile at each other , always separate by some person or thing . the last shot should be date 1914 and we should see simon in some attitude indicate he role as warrior and kenneth be envy and eagerness to join the company of man . under the date 1915 there be no picture . instead , in a firm hand should be write the word , ' private Kenneth moreland blake , miss in action . ' mr . morland fanny , do not , my dear . mrs . morland - I be just remember how lovely the apple tree be in bloom . mr . morland but it must come down , panny . it have become a danger . it might fall on someone any day . you know that . continued courtesy writingwithhitchcock.com Educational / editorial use only " mary rose " ‘21 continued draft # 2 - Feb. 15 , 1964 mrs . morland but it be Kenneth 's tree ... he ladder from this room to the world ! how sad it will be for he if ... ( firm with herself ) when he come back . mr . morland ( staunchly ) when Kenneth come back , we shall plant another tree . mrs . morland ( look out ) and it be she tree . ( he do not respond to this ) can we forget that , James ? ( sigh ) it seem so . mr , morland ( sigh ) fanny , I have find it better to forget ... so many thing . mrs . morland yes . of course . it be all to the good , I suppose , that as the year go by the ... the dead should recede farther from we . mr . morland - fanny ...how long be it since ... . since you last think of she las ... mrs . morland as not dead ? ( she look at he frankly , speak simply ) - year . mr . morland ( relieved ) we have Kenneth . mrs . morland ( reassuringly ) and will again , same . tf continued courtesy writingwithhitchcock.com Educational / editorial use only '' mary rose " 34 . 21 ~ continved cc dralt # 2 ~ Feb. 15 , 1964 mrs . morland ( cont would ) feel so sure of that . as I never do after ...oh , it be all so unfathomable . sometimes I feel as if Mary Rose be just something lovely I have dream . even that room ... ( she head toward the small back room ) ++- after we move Kenneth out of it , I never again seem to connect it with she . I go in there now without a memory . mr . morland ( genlty ) I be glad . mrs . morland in a way I suppose it have all deen harder for Simon ... mr . morland poor old chap . and he have Kenneth on he conscience , of course , mrs , morland ( this be undoubtedly &@ conversation that they have have many time ... each of they know the litany only too well ) he be with Kenneth so little ... mr . morland well , that first year ... he be consume with it all ... i k to ¢t ! brid : again " and again . scevesy eeaeee® , mrs . morland I think Simon could not bear to look at xenneth ... the resemblance ... the eye .... , mr . morland ah ...poor Simon ... continued ourtesy writingwithhitchcock.com Educational / editorial use only '' mary rose " `s . draft # 2 - Feb. 15 , 1964 21 . continued mrs . morland poor Kenneth . ( a dim , sad smile } poor everyone . _ the telephone ring . mr. morland move to answer it . mr . morland morland here ... yes , that 's what I say , morland here ... Long distance ? ( impatiently ) yes , of course I will talk ... yes ?... please speak up ... who ? I be afraid I do not catch ... who ? .... ( slowly , as he - listen he ex - pression become rejecting , suspicious ) oh? yes ...yes , I remember the mame . certainly . yes ... yea , she 's quite well , thank you ... ( look at he wife , taise he eyebrow in bewiléerment ) where be you call from ? I do not catch the .... oh. ( he face go quite blank ) I see . from ...there ... yes , I assure you we be quite well ... what be ... be there anything I can do for you ? ... mr . morland now listen at some length . mrs . morland watch , at first curiously , then with gather alarm as she see she husband slowly lower himslef into a chair , he face blank with shock ; he simply listen to the voice come from the phone and stare blindly ahead . at last mr . morland whisper hoarsely . mr . morland ( cont would ) Mary Rose .... - White -face mrs , morland rise , cross to she husband . mr . morland ( cont would ) ( into the phone ) when ? ...0£ course , of course ! ... we will meet you ... oh ... but we be a mile from the station ... yea , I see . certainly ... of course . as continued courtesy writingwithhitchcock.com Educational / editorial use only " mary rose '' 86 . draft # 2 - Feb. 15 , 1964 21 continued _ mr , morland ( cont ! d) we will ... we will be «goodbye . Goodbye . ( as he slowly hang up ) and ... ( the word catch in he throat ) and ... thank you . mrs , morland James .... : mr. morland look up at she , instantly be shake out of himself , take she hand . mr . morland fanny , it 's Mary Rose . Mary Rose . he say ste have be ... find . mrs . morland ( clutches she breast as if to restrain she heart from burst - ing from its cage ) ahhhhh ......... ~ mr . morland cameron ... the ghillie ... the one who take Simon and Mary Rose to the island ... it be he . he be Dr. camerm , it seem . _ mrs . morland where ? where be she ? mr . morland they find she ... on the island ... and he 's bring she to we ... bring she ... here . : he say that be best ... he be quite ... firm ... I do not know what to + say ... mrs . morland when ? mr . morland tomorrow night . ( stare ) tanny ..- 1 '' 46 a hoax ! be must be : after eighteen year ... it can not be ... it just can not be ! continued courtesy writingwithhitchcock.com Educational / editorial use only 21 22 '' mary rose " ~ ° 87 draft # 2 - fed. 15 , 1964 continued mrs . morland it 's all right , James . we must not ... be afraid . it 's we Mary Rose . mr . morland alive ? she be really alive ? he say she wes ... all right , panny . that she be ... very nervous , he say , but all tight . somehow , it sound tike a warning , fanny . mrs . morland we must get in touch with Simon . somehow we must get in touch with Simon . mr . morland you know , I remember the man 's voice ... even now ... after all this year . his voice instantly ... mrs . morland James ... we must call the admiralty . if Simon 's ship be in port or on its way , he must be inform . we must have Simon here . mr . morland stare at she a moment , then pull himself together . he be somehow comfort , reinforce by the think of simon . he reach for the telephone , pick it up . mr . morland of course , of course . Simon must be here . siow fade out . fade in : : e interior train compartment - night the train be move through the night .. in the darken compartment , light only by the reflection of the moon , we see the wide - awake , erect figure of a bearded , soberly dress man . the camera move in close erouzh and slowly enough for we to recognize behind the beard and the year , cameron . we see that he face have not actually age . the continued courtesy writingwithhitchcock.com Educational / editorial use only with ( 22 23 " mary rose " 8s . continued beard be perhaps the desrerate measure of a youthful pro- fessional man seek all available aid to dignity . he be , at this moment , a deeply worrieé man as he gaze with pity and compassion on the sleep figzre which he be guard through this long night journey . the figure be , of course , mary rose . but she be in deep shadow , she head avert . the figure move ; there be a faint moan . quickly cameron take out he watch , check the time , then open he medicine kit and take from it a hyper - germic which he prepare , silentiy , efficiently . pade out . pade in : interior morland drawing -room close -up simon . his weather - beat , exhaust face still '' tight with shock . simon I would not give this one moment 's credence if it be anyone but cameron . be you quite sure ..... the camera move back to include mr. and mrs . morland . and also to allow we to see that simon have just recently arrivec at the house ... he cap , a captain 's now , beside he on the sofa . mr . morland his voice be unmistakable , I tell you . ( a moment of almos * . hostile tension ) Simon ... you know the man ... do you think ... I know it 's mad , but could this be some sort of wild plot to extort money ? something of that se ... than ort ? it make no ae it make more sense what he say . simon no . not if it be cameron . if it be cameron ... mr . morland it be cameron I tell you . continued ' 9 ws " mary rose '' as . 23 continued draft # 2 - Feb. 15 , 194 's ivo ( like a sigh ) then ... she be alive . she 's alive : mrs . morland Simon , dear ... she will be ... very change . you must prepare yourself . simon however change ... if it be truly Mary Rose ...0h God ! do he say how ... where ... mrs . morland oh , my dear ! you be exhaust . this be too cruel ... - mr . morland he say that two man fishing from a boat see she ... there . on the island . she call to they . she ... apparently do not know ... rather , she be confuse about what happen . she ... think you leave she there ... simon Left she : mrs . morland we must compose ourselves ... she will be here any moment ... : simon how will they get from the station ? why be we not to meet the train ? mr . morland he be most explicit that the reunion be private frightening for any of they to pursue ) «+ ehe say she would benefit by the walk .... continued " mary rose " 90 . draft # 2 - Feb. 15 , 1964 23 . continued 24 simon ( very quietly . conversaticraily ) you know , I do not believe I can bear this ... ( he face change , alert . he sd ) they must be almost here . TI be gdng to meet they . I do not give a damn what he say . I be go to meet Mary Rose . he move from the room without another word , tse camera follow simon 's flight down the stair , out the door , and into the night . he run at full speed across a broxen field until he see two dim figure cut through the foggy dark . then he slew to a suddenly say and halting walk . the think of what he next step might bring to he be too awesome . but as he step slow , the slighter of the two distant figure begin to move forward , gain momentum until it be , at last , a small missile that throw itself into he rusty arm . , mary rose Simon ! oh , Simon ! oh , thank goodness ! hold I ' , Simon ! close - up - simon 's face his eye be close in a dream of ecstasy as he arm enfold the slight body . there be tear in he eye when they open . and what he see throuch the tear ' soft glitter be the mature , bearded , infinitely sad face of cameron . the warning in the face cause he to clutch more tightiy at the girl . mary rose ( cont would ) ( between tear and laughter ) oh , Simon ... whoever would have think that be crush to death would feel so safe ! cameron Mr. blake ... Captain , I should say ... I be greatly reliefe . i have not dare hope to find you ere ... continued D % " mary rose " ° 1 . dreft # 2 - ped. 15 , 1964 5 continued mary rose ( not without some malice Simon , this gentleman very kindly ... ( a smaiihaugh ) chaperon I home ... cameron I will go ahead and pay my respects to Mr. and Mrs. morland .... ( he warning eye move from simon to rest gently on mary ros2 ) you and you husband should walk together at you leisure ... cameron move rapidly away from simon and mary ROS , mary rose ( whisper ) * he behave as if he know we all ... I think he must be quite mo ... although he have try to be kind .... I suppose + oo once more she bury herself in he arm . her high youn voice , the quickness of she movement , the feel of she bodcy ... but most of all , she lack of the astonishment of this reunion ... all of this thing have begin to work on simon . simon ( softly ) Mary Rose ... close you eye , Mary Rose .... unquestioningly , she obey . slowly , he lift she chin and stare into fed ’race . 3 pierce 's sorutiny penetrate even thepale starlight , and he see she face . it be the same face ; unmark , unline , exactly as he see it last eighteen year ago . he see she youth and he feel '' she youth and he loss . her eyelid flutter ... quickly he kiss they close again . : simon no ...eno , darling .... he be utterly bewilder by what he be feel ... or not feel , automatically , he pet and scothes she as , olutehing her-teeht side , he face in daxcmess above she , he begin to walk she slowly toward the house . continued courtesy writingwithhitchcock.com Educational / editorial use only ww 24 with ls} " mary rose " draft # 42 - fed. 15 , 1954 continued mary ross : eor be so relieved . I could not think what hed happen to youl everyone behave so strangely ... I have no idea what become of my lugsage ... I get rather hysterical ... that man ... Simon , he drugge I ... her speech be quick , over -animete . however deeply troubled and uneasy she be , she bravely attempt now to cover she fear . she chatter in a spritely manner and do not wait for answer that might be unnerve . mary rose ( cont would ) ine be in this wretch dress for three dayst I have hed to sleep in it ! as a matter of tact , I seem to have slept almost the entire trip ... when I wake up ... on the island ... and could not find you ... I be so disturb ... I be take to that man ... he say he imew I ... he say he be a doctor . Simon , he do - not know I ... I have no idea why he would lie , but ima ine how I feel ... I would never see the hairy old thing ... if he would lie ebout know I , then mayve it be a lie etout he be ea doctor . absolutely nothing moude senset they be so solemn and silent and would not answer any of my question ... I think I be go mad ... Simon , what happen ? why do you leave I ? I have not any lugsage or even a pocket book { can you wonder I become a vv not hts order : re sere , Simon , and after that ... it 's all be a horrible blur . I know I be on a train , but I muld not speak or cry - out ... then he be try to force I to drink coffee and Simon , he shook I and make I walk and then when the train stop ...0h God ! you can not imac tine how relieved I be to see that I wes really heret Simon , I be homet — ( she stumble a littie ) I be still erocoy , I guess . on , continued courtesy writingwithhitchcock.com Educational / editorial use only " mary rose '' 93 . draft # 2 - Feb. 15 , 1964 24 continued mary rosz ( cont would ) darling , taxe I in the house . get rid of that man ... he be too strange , Simon . oh , I want to see everyone . ( move precipitously ahead in she old way ) be Kenneth asleep ? of course he be , and I shall have no conscience whatever about waking himt simont do not dragi she pull the resisting simon toward the house . simon please , Mary Rose ... wait ... mary rose derling , I do believe you be catch a cold . you voice sound 60 raspy ... we must get inside . . ( move determinedly toward door of the house ) you be to come in at once and attempt to give I some explana - on ese ( she manner be mean to be sweetly teas - ing , but there be a tremor of uncertein - ty in she voice ) it appear on the face of it , that my beloved old Simon simply bolt , abandon I to the northern element and ... ( a nervous little laugh end toss she head in the direction of the house and cameron ) e-eand thet ... that extraordin Scotsman ! derling , when we ae -o inside , do take a good look at he and see if you think he look in any wey familiar ...oh ... ( she give another uneasy little leugh ) this have all be so confusing ... I should not think it possible to get a sun-stroke in Northern Scotland , snoulad you ? continued courtesy writingwithhitchcock.com Educational / editorial use only 24 " mary rose " ° 94 . dreft # 2 - Feb. 15 , 196+ contdrved simon be stunne and elready do in by the barely subdued hysteria of this gel who be he wife and with he ptel in adequacy to de with the situation . mary rose ( cont da ) Simon ? simon yes , mery Rose ? mary rose wellt you do at least recail my mame ! oh ... I will not stay out here any longert I want to see my dabdy .... this time she 1s determine . she dart from he and into the house . into the light . in the foyer sne stop , she attention catch at once by the electric light . she begin to tremble slightly , control herself , then notice a collection of print that now hang in the foyer . she atcempt a smile , turn back towerd the open door outside whicn simon stand , unedle to bring himself to cross the threshold inte the reveeling light . mary rosz ( cont would ) ( determinedly down to ea>th ) goodness ! daddy must have be to London and spend a packet ! ( insistently ) Simon , do come inside ! why be you shuffle about out there in the der ? simon do not move or answer and she voice go qua : -ry . mary rose ( cont would ) Simon .... and now , slowly , irrevocably , poor simon step into the light . his face , teut with anxiety and , strangely , shame , show it - self to she . he nervous , insistent smile be turn full on he . for a long moment , she expression do not change at all . and then suddenly , a little grimace that be almost a tic replace the smile . her reaction be small , very emall , es they be when one 's confidence in one 's physical sense be dangerously shake . one 's primary = instinct be not to expose this terrifying failure . under simon be sad and silent gaze , mary rose , she young body as still as a stop heart , ' force she mouth slowly back into the line that be mean to delineate a smile . continued courtesy writingwithhitchcock.com Educational / editorial use only with 24 25 " mary rose " . 35 . draft # 2 - Feb. 15 , 1954 continued - simon ( in pity ) iam sorry , Mary Rose ... she blink and turn she head slightly to one side , no longer able to look directly at he . a small shudder run through she . she. seem to become defore we eye a oruel travesty of herself . it 48 not that she be any older , but that she youth 1s now somehow determine ... what be once vivacity be now nerve pull too tignt ; what be once ingenuous , be now gisingenuous . : , mary rose why 1s the house so quiet ? what happen to that sinister Scot ? ( duck she head away from simon be , ..laugh ) what 's be go on behind my back , Simon ... you look abso - lutely exhaust .... she start to ruin up the stair , quickly put distance between herself and simon ) where be everybody ? deddy ? she cashes furiously up the atair and burst into the brightly light drawing - room . her confrontation with she white - face , tremble perent be no more then a tear - dinm streak across the distance thet separate they . she fling herself into she mother 's erm . mrs , morland , beyond tear , almost beyond feel , simply hold , with a mother 's reflex , this memory of a girl . mary rose oh , mother ! oh , I be so glad to be homet aa if touch by some marvelous , forbidden enchantment , ro one move or speak . only the sound of simon be footstep at the top of the stair , now enter the drawing - room , break the spell , cause mary rose to look into she mother 's face for reassurance . she see , undeniadly see , the age . slowly , she eye move from mrs , morland to mr . morland , where she find again , the same inexplicable dlight . she turn from one face 'to another , and on each she see deeply etched , in unaccountable line , love , grief , shock , shame . time , continued courtesy writingwithhitchcock.com Educational / editorial use only 25 " mary rose " ° . dreft # 2 - peb , 15 , 1964 96 continued mrs . morland oh , my darling .... mary rose ( tremlously ) daddy ? cameron ( to mrs . morland ) do not you think Mary Rose might like a cup of tea ? mary rose ( brightly ) oh , no thank you .... ( she voice start to break ) I do not need anything . cameron ( kindly ) if you do not fancy : tea , I expect e sip of something stronger might ... ward off a chill . mary rose itm quite all right , thank yousee . her amile intact , mary rose disengase herself from the group and move , with a pitiful attempt at casualness , toward a wall mirror . mary rosb ( cont would ) esealthough I be sure I look @ wreck ... this clothes .... as if to straighten she hair , she appearance , mary rose force she gaze into the mirror , quite unable to disguise the tremble anxiety with which she regards she image . she see herself ... let out she breath ... for it be really herself , the self she know . for a instant she go slack with relief , and a smile spring spontaneously to she lip . it be shaky , but it be real . . however , before she can turn back to face the other , she see in the mirror ... he face reflect beside she own ... simon . and the nightmare be real , he be so mich older , and she 1s not . only she be unchange . the other be old and alien . she whirl around , face they like a animal at bay . continued courtesy writingwithhitchcock.com Educational / editorial use only 25 " mary rose " ° 97 . draft # 2 - Feb. 15 , 1964 . continued mary rose ( ent would ) tell meet tell meet mr . morland ( simply ) how can we , Mary Rose ? we do not know . mary rose ( to simon ) tell I . simon ( manfully , but stumbling over the word , all ) the wron word darling ... when I lose you ... it be ... Mary Rose ... you must understand ... I do not leave you , darling . it wes you who ... go away ... who teft me. eus.oee , mary ross ( whimper 's ) - tell I .... mrs . morland ( once more it be she who face up to the worst ) she want to mow about Kenneth . mary rose where be my baby ? simon ( he can not bear this ) not you must not go on like this ... believe I ... she give simon one brief , baleful look , turn toward the little door at the far end of the drawing - room and rune for it ... she dash toward the door have the desperation of a attempt escape . skirt the periphery of poesibly restrain hand , she reach the door , fling it open , run down the little hallway to the second door , and , as if anticipate resistance , put she shoulder fiercely against the wood , twist the door handle and push violently into the room to find . . nothing whatsoever . the room now seem to function as a 's 1 study . there be no bed in continued courtesy writingwithhitchcock.com Educational / editorial use only sn . 8 . " mary ro draft # 2 = fed. 15 , 1964 ? 25 continued it and , certainly , there be no child . mary rose swivel around . mrs . morland have have the courag to follow she , mary rose zi leave my baby here right heret where be my baby ? . where ?! mrs , morland this be not use as a be¢room anymore , Mary Rose ... not mary rose ( break in , she voice ris - dangerously ) where be my baby ? - mrs . - morland Kenneth have not sleep in here ... ( bravely ) . «- e8ince he be seven . he ... need a larger room .... mary rose look at she mother with fear and horror , draw frentically beck as simon and mr . morland come down the hall , to precisely whose rescue they do mte know . simon . ( attempt to pre - vail over this sea of unreality with the only weapon he have , courage and command ) Mary Rose . you mother ... you mother cannot stand this , Mary Rose . she have borne too much ... too many loss .... ( e be rose jerely even &@ whisper ) what loss ? - mrs . morland ( gently , with infinite pity ) pirst there be you , my love . you have be ... away . fora very long time . continved courtesy writingwithhitchcock.com Educational / editorial use only " mary rose " 99 . dreft # 2 - Feb. 15 , 1964 25 continued - simon ( dully ) eighteen year . mary rose ( scarcely audible now ) wrere be my baby ? simon there be no ... ( 1s there the faintest hint of accusation in he voice ? ) Mary Rose ... there be no baby . mary rose ( she have be wait for this blow , but when it come , she reaction 2s one of faint stupor . she sit . there be even the beginning of a - smile on she lip as if she want to un - derstend the joxe too ) no baby ? vw simon ( feel that the worst 1s over , thet she be caim down ) Kenneth be ... ( finish lame - ly ; there be . too mich guilt ) eoehe be ... not here ..... mary rose not here ? simon he be .... ( he can not go on ) mary rose y . ( still falsely calm ) he be where ? continued courtesy writingwithhitchcock.com Educational / editorial use only 25 " mary rose '' 7 a dreft 32 - Feb. 15 , 1954 continued cameron {in a rush , hope to lend comfort , any comfort ) Mrs. blake , you family have be give reason to hope ... mary rose ( the same almost - smile ) to hope ? mrs . morland that he hes be take prisoner .... as the room begin to spin ebout she and the torture sound of the voice and the terrible sight of the face mee ' and flow into one another , both visually end aurally ( the repeat word ere ' miss 's , tyou go awsy ' , the have be take ' , " you go away ' .7 . ) the torment giri throw beck she head in egony , she body stiffen , she threat arch and swell with e sound that rise in she to crown out all other sound . she manage only to choke out Tour word .... mary rose who take my dbabdy ? eee - defore the sound be finally tear from she . it ise scream to shake the sense of all who hear it . it fill the little room with its very essence , unquenchadle sorrow and rege . and as the scream be bear , mary rose die . she never rise from the chair . it be as though she be dead long before the scream have finish make its relent - less , tear course through she body . when she fall , it be as if the scream , triumphant in its monstrous birth , have simply discard what be leave of she . of the figure in the tableau around the body of mary rose , only simon make a pitiful little human gesture of protest gently he touch she pale , almost luminous cheek .. and when he take he hand away , he finger , where they touch she , be faintly blue . there be one small , awful , choke sound from simon , as the scene fade . there be no further movement ... mrs. morland , mr. morland , cameron , all stand freeze in the icy echos of the scream . pade out . courtesy writingwithhitchcock.com Educational / editorial use only 26 " mary rose " . 202 draft # 2 - Feb. 15 , 1954 fade in : and it be the still retound weve of this echoed scream that move now into the dusty old room where kenneth sit and wait in the dark , the fire and candle long since gutter out . the little door at the beck open slowly to the extent of a foot . thus might e breek of wind blow it if there be any wind . presently kenneth rise slowly to he foot . he hear nothing ; he see nothing . but the feel of the scream be with he . as he watch , the door close softly . now he pick up the candle , relicht ait , and with hardly a moment 's irresolution , move toward the door . he open it , cross the short length of the hell and now try the final door . easily , without a murmur of protest , it open for he . he hold the candle up , look , wait ... there be nothing . he let out he breath , turn back , slowly retrace he step into the draw - room . and it be there , at last , that he be meet by mary rose . she stend quietiy in the middle of the room , as if make out of the light he have bring beck with he . she nod politely and speak . mary rose have you come to buy the house ? kenneth no. mary rose but it be a nice house . ( doubtfully ) isntt it ? kenneth it be a very nice house once . mary rose ( pleased ) be not itt ( suspiciously ) why be you here ? kenneth I use to know the house . - when I be very young . mary rose ( eagerly ) Young ? be it you who leugh ? there use to be someone who laugh in this house ... wes it you ? continued courtesy writingwithhitchcock.com Educational / editorial use only " mary rose " ve q no ) draft # 2 - fed. 15 , 1964 26 continued kenneth I do not know . perhaps . mary rose no . I do not think so . you be quite old . fretfully ) would you mind tell I why everyone be so 01d ? kenneth it be only because you have stay so young . . mary rose ( smile ; pleased ) do I know you ? kenneth I wonder . do I look like anyone you ever know ? mary rose you do not look like ... simon. ( frown with concentration ) you be not ... Simon , be you ? kenneth no , not Simon . but he send I here . he have die you know . mary rose die ? why ? he be old . ( venture ) my name be Kenneth . . mary rose ( stiffen ) I do not think so . - kenneth . but that be my name . and I would like ... very much ... to hear you call I Kenneth . mary rose ( firmly ) continued courtesy writingwithhitchcock.com Educational / editorial use only " mary rose " . draft # 2 - fed. 15 , 1964 26 continued kenneth I be sorry . mary rose be you ? ( still pertinacious ) I think you be sorry for I . kenneth I a . mary rose I be rather sorry for self . I just dontt seem to ow anyone ... it 's lonely .... kenneth you know Simon . mary rose Simon ? well ... ( confess ) I do not really remember he , I just know the name . kenneth - only thet ? 7 mary rose ( dismiss the think of simon ) anyway ... it be not he I be look for .... kenneth ( hopefully ) no ? mary rose no. ° ( unexpectedly ) who be it ? kenneth who ? mary rose who be it I be search for ? kenneth have you forget ? even that ? continued courtesy writingwithhitchcock.com Educational / editorial use only '' " mary rose " 1ou , draft # 2 - Feb. 15 , 1364 26 continued mary rose ( defensively ) I know . but it wes such ae lom time ago . and I be so tired . kenneth ( smile sadly ) of search ? - of search this old house ? mary rose ( whisper ) dontt tell . kenneth no , of course not . mary rose you be nice . my neme be Kenneth . wo not you pleese try to say it ? mary rose ( she like the sound ) Kenneth , Kenneth , Kenneth , kennetnh ..... kenneth but you do not know whet Kenneth I a . mary rose no . kenneth I would like to help you ... m... Mary Rose . mary rose do you think you could ? if 's I could find he ... he would tell I that he understand and do not blame I . then I could go back . kenneth I see . to the island ? continued courtesy writingwithhitchcock.com Educational / editorial use only rey oey ) " mary rose " , ° 26 continued have you forget the island too ? mi. rose ( crush ) I be sorry . kenneth I think that it be the islend to which you want to return . be it so nice there ? mary rose oh , it 1s lovelyt kenneth be there ghost in thet plece ? mary rose ia . ( firmly ) kenneth be you so sure ? mary rose ( rather croesly ) of course ! kenneth . why be it so lovely ? mary rose ( a beginning look of radiance ) it 's so beautiful and loving and there be only oneself ... ( the expression fade ) eeeone need not ever ... seerch ... kenneth ( impulsively ) Mary Rose ...listen ... I believe I can help you go back ... I know who you be look for ... continued courtesy writingwithhitchcock.com Educational / editorial use only '' mary rose '' . 108 . draft # 2 - Feb. 15 , 1954 continued mary rose ( she stiffen , she attention suddenly rivete on he ) you know ? kenneth I think so . from the beginning of he next to last speech , where he say , ' I know who you be look for ' , e sound have besm to build , and now it surround kenneth end mary rose . it be not wind , but a sort of pressure , palpable end infinitely menace . mary rose be face have carken , she do not teke she baleful eye from kenneth . mary rose ( with a almost unseeable ad - vance upon he ) do you do it ? be it you wno take hin ? kenneth , chill , watchful , he step beck . as he do , he move against the side of the pack case , stumodle slisntly egainst it , glance quickly down and see instantly that he knife , which was embed in the wood , be now suddenly go , he pull himself together at once and face mary rose , face she grow , terrifying wrath . mary rose ( we see she now , she hand grip the knife , the fury grow around she give he back . kenneth Mary Rose ... stop it , Mary roset mary rose you be the one who steal hin from meet kenneth ( falter ) in a waey .... mary _ rose give he becky continued courtesy writingwithhitchcock.com Educational / editorial use only " mary rose " . 107 . 26 continued - kenneth ° but you say you do not know who . ho ? who do you want , Mary Rose ? teli I who ? ~~ mary rose ( almost a scream ) my beby ! kennetht kennetht kenneth ( quietly ) you baby be go beyond be - cell , but I be Kenneth . she stop , stare at he , the knife still poise , the sound no longer swell , but not abate . kenneth ( cont would ) ( he take a cautious step towards she ) surely I can help you ... give I back the imife .... mary rose ( so puzzle ) kenne *h ? kenneth yes . and I understand and do not blame you . do not you see thet , poor thing ? mary ross ohs the sound begin to diminish . mary kose ( cont would ) oh , be you sure ? kenneth 7 yes , itm quite sure . her hand , the one hold the imife , fall to she side . kenneth ( cont would ) there be no one who blame you . — _ mary rose continued courtesy writingwithhitchcock.com Educational / editorial use only 26 " mary rose " continved low let mr : 2 before you hurt sweetly obedient , she give it to he . for a long moment they look at one another . mary rose have you have to search too ? you look so sad . kenneth do I ? I expect it 's just a old leftover lesk . ita not sad enymore . mary ROS ( guilelessiy ) I 'l glad . you be so tell anc grow - up and ... comfor do you think I migcht ... lear es2inst you ... for ' just 2 moment ? ( she smile ccn - tentedly , then pull slishtir away how good you be to come .... kenneth not good ... I be search too . mary rose what for ? rennet for you . . ( sish ) or for something you might have be ... do you iow new who I a ? mary rose ( simply ) you name be Kenneth and I be sure I would remember continued courtesy writingwithhitchcock.com Educational / editorial use only a '' " mary rose " 1o9 . ~ ' oo ny continuzd mary rose ( con 'é} you , except that ... that everyzn seem 20 din .... kenneth sigh , then he attention be catch by the window open now on the derk of early evening . the star have triumphantly work they way through the cloud . kenneth the star be out . the : always seem so promis ere they star above yi island ? mary rose my island ? oh .... ( she facs besin to lisht as the call be heerd ; softly it be - gin ... ' Mary Rose , Mary Rose , ' Mary Rose ....t ) oh yes ! yest as the sound swell , i+ wrap she around , the weary little ghost . her fase be shine as she exrm stretch hopefully before she ; she whisper now tye ! .... end teke one step . only one . and she be go at lest , take the sweet beckone scund with she , kenneth , at the window still , have hear nothing except she voice anawer , as he suppese , he question . now he turn and find ... a empty room . it be a room no longer fill with anything atell but a chair , a pair of peck case , himself ... and dust . he suck in he treath , lean weakly against the wall , close he eye . softly , he whisper ' oh God ! youdid n !t say goodbye . ' then , at last , he open he eye , take a look , a long lest fook . about , sigh , and move toward the stair . he call as he start down , ' Mrs. otery ? , I and come down . Mrs. otery ....% . slow fade out . courtesy writingwithhitchcock.com Educational / editorial use only '' " mary rose '' - oo. tte , oh fs ) ' fade in : once more the island as we see it first , ae sweetly solitary ; . place , a promise plece . and now again , we hear cameron be voice . cameron ( o.s. ) the Island . the Island that like to be fisit . surely we all iknow at least one such tempting place ... such a island ... where we may not go . or if we do dare to fisit such en island ... we can not come away again with - out ... ( there be bitter huror in he Voice ) «e-without embarrassment . and it take S more than a bit of search to find someone who will forgife we that . ( cameron be voice chenge now , be - come louder , matter - of -fact , end final ) well , that iss it . let 's g0 back home now . ( ironically ) 2 of course it 's reining ... the camera begin tcpetreat . the islend grow szsiler , mistier . : cameron ( cont would ) ( o.s. ) oe . 8 s8 usual . and there 's a naughty boy weating for punish - ment and a old villeger who . have the fetal combination «.— week heart and bad temper . he 'ss wait to be bury . all the usual , derendable , un-islandy thing . - ( he sigh deeply ) - you understand . as the Island become no more than a distant vision , cameron be voice diminish as well , until at lest , we have lose then doth . pade out . courtesy writingwithhitchcock.com Educational / editorial use only