frankenstein written by steph Lady &amp ; Frank darabont from the novel by Mary W. shelley 2 nd revised draft February 8 , 1993 title unfold in blackness as we be lull by the distant flute- like sound of a recorder . overall the effect be mournful and haunt , elegant and serene ... ... and we crash to : ext - barent sea - night ...a storm of inconceivable force and violence . merciless arctic wind whip the sea in a frenzy of thirty - foot swell . this be the last place in God 's creation that any human be should be . and yet ... ... the prow of a three - masted ship rise massively before we , loom from the darkness and chaos . it crash upward through a swell and slam back down again , plunging nose - first into the trough . the sail on the forward mast be still deploy . it 's insane ; in this weather they should be stow ( as be already the case with mast 2 and 3 ) . hurtling toward we . rising and fall . thunder through the swell . and as she sweep past camera within a seem hairbreadth , we pan with the ship and find ourselves ... ext - ship - night ... aboard the " Alexander nevsky , " along for the ride whether we like it or not . there be man all around we , dark scream figure glimpse and half - glimpse , heavy oilskin clothes flap in the gale . a group of men be in a life - or-death tug of war walton pull , you bastard ! pull ! riiiiippp ! all eye turn skyward as the uppermost sail tear loose , the heavy canvas shredd away in huge billow tatter . the jib-arm wrench free and plummet toward we , trail rope and fabric . the man dive aside as the jib smashes into the deck like a explode bomb . splinter shard of wood cartwheel through the air like shrapnel . Walton catch a glance blow to the head and slam face - down on the pitching deck . grigori , the first mate , scramble to Walton 's aid . Walton shove he off , push painfully to he knee . lightning throw he face into a stark relief map of pain and fury : blood be stream from he hairline , freezing in he eye , stain he tooth . he gaze up at the mainsail , still intact and strain against the wind . we hear a huge crack ! the base of the mast be start to give . walton cut the damn rigging free before we lose the mast ! long-handle axe be grab from they mount . frantic man begin hack at the rope . Walton snatch a axe from a pass crewman and elbow he way to the front . he attack a guy-rope with primal fury , camera rise and fall with the motion of he axe . suddenly , a chill cry from high above : lookout ( o.s. ) iiiicebeeeeerg ! the crow' nest ( mast # 2 ) the lookout be lash to the mast by mean of a safety rope knotted at the chest . he point ahead . walton and the other spin to look as a panoramic shot of the barent sea reveal a magnificent vista of storming fury . the ship be head into a enormous field of iceberg dotting the ocean like boulder in a quarry , the nevsky be ply this water like a man run pell - mell through a mine field . a iceberg pass massively and unexpectedly in the foreground , rumbling within yard of the camera , wiping we into darkness ... ext - nevsky - night ... and we wipe from darkness as a flap piece of canvas billow away to reveal ' Walton and the crew , gaze in breathless horror as a iceberg loom from the gale before they like a ghostly white mountain . Walton find he voice : walton hard to port ! the pilot fight to turn the wheel . Men rush to he aid , throw they back into it , strain to the limit . the wheel be grudge , fight they every inch of the way . push in on Walton and the crew : grigori it 's go to ram we . walton it would not dare . the crow' nest ( mast # 2 ) the lookout fumble under he coat , grab the rosary around he neck , clutches the crucifix tightly in both hand . face white with terror . breath come in rag gasp . ship' Pov crash through the swell . rising and fall . tilting the world and the audience on its ear . iceberg loom . for a brief moment we seem to be veer past . but then we swing back in a final , churn , vertiginous plunge ... ... and smack the ice . various quick -cut angle God just hit the ship with a anvil . mast # 1 snap at the base with a thunderous crack and begin to topple in a symphony of shatter wood and tangle rigging ... the lookout on mast # 2 be vault through the railing of the crow 's nest , scream through the air , arm and leg windmill as he plummet head - first toward the deck below ... and be jerk to a abrupt stop by the safety line around he chest , we hear another horrible crack ... the sound of he back break ... Men be slide , tumble , scream . mast # 1 complete its fall , slamm massively to the deck , shatter a section of the gunwale to splinter . utter panic . total chaos ... sheer mortal terror . and as the sequence build to a final brain -split crescendo of sound and fury , we smash CUT to : arctic - twilight total , stun silence . a glitter wasteland of ice . breathlessly cold . even the sun seem freeze , barely hang on the horizon . pellet of snow scour the permafrost like break glass , drive by a desolate arctic wind . it 's as if Hell have erupt through the floor of the Earth in the form of ice . nothing could survive here . nothing . slow pan reveal a distant ship freeze in the ice , tilt at a permanent list . Silent . we see no sign of life . supe title : " the Arctic , 1839 . " various lingering angle provide ominous detail - shot of the nevsky a flap of freeze canvas creak in the wind ... the pilot 's wheel be now a crystalline sculpture of ice . the forward mast lie across the deck like a break limb , extend out over the ice on a tangle of rigging ... the ship 's prow be smashed open above the water line ... a familiar rosary lie break on the deck . bead scattered . | a tiny Christ figure lie with arm throw wide , paint eye stare up at the sky through a thin sheet of ice ... high , high angle from the top of mast # 2 . a breathtaking perspective of the entire ship below , guarantee to induce vertigo . the corpse of the lookout be suspend below we at the end of the freeze rope , his posture mimic the Christ figure : his arm throw wide , dead eye stare up at the sky through a thin sheet of ice . a ghastly still - life , the corpse twist ever - so - slightly on the wind , rope creak ... a sailor thrust into frame sway precariously in the rigging , widen to reveal two more men as they reach out with long gaff pole to snag the corpse . ext - nevsky - low angle from ice - twilight Walton watch they reel the body in . angle shift as he turn , revealing the rest of the crew work desperately to free the ship . axe and pick rise and fall in wave , slamm into the ice , throw up freeze chip . the man be near collapse , exhaustion carve in they face . the dog be nearby , husky and malamute huddle in the snow . Walton rejoin the man , ram he axe fiercely into the ice . walton put you back into it ! sailor # 1 what 's the use ? this godless ice stretch for mile ! would you have we chow we way back to England ? walton no . but we will chop we way to the North pole if we have to . inch by bloody inch . grigori you can not mean to go on ! we journey be end ! the best we can hope for now be to get out of this alive ! sailor # 2 aye , if the ice ever let we ! walton the ice will break . and when it do , we proceed north ... as plan . cries of dismay from the man . grigori thrust he arm toward the sky , point at the corpse on the mast . grigori at the cost of how many more life ? he 's interrupt by a long , chill howl . the lead husky rise to its foot , hackles up , howling at some unseen thing in the distance . the other dog start rise around he , join in , stare off across the ice . grigori there 's something out there . the dog be go berserk . the lead husky break free and launch himself across the ice . the man scramble to restrain the animal , but three more break away and take off after they leader . Walton snatch up he rifle . walton you five come with I ! the rest stay with the ship ! ext - arctic panorama - twilight the nevsky in the distance . the dog come howling across the ice toward we . the man trail substantially behind . boom down to the icy boulder f.g. a massive hand come briefly to rest in one of the crag , ghastly gray skin rippling with harsh ligament and sinewy vein , brutal surgical scar marring the wrist . a huge dark figure wipe frame , flee into the rock . the dog come bound past in pursuit , snarling and slaver . the running men hear a inhuman howl rise amidst that of the dog . a vicious free- for- all echoe from the rock . barking give way to shrill squeal . a object be launch from the crag , catapult through the air in a high arc . some man slip and fall as the object slam to the ground with tremendous impact before they ... ... and they find themselves stare in horror at the sight of the lead dog . silence now . that who have fall , rise . Walton cock he rifle . the group proceed , pick and axe hold ready , slowly skirt the rock ... ... and the massacre be reveal . blood-stain ice . Dead , mangle animal strewn about . one twitching survivor crawl toward they on break limb , whining piteously , drag its entrail in a red smear . grigori look . they follow he gaze . bloody track lead away from the body , ascend the rock . most be smear and vague ... but one be clearly a bare human footprint . several man cross themselves . Walton shoulder the rifle , aim down at the survive dog . blam ! a single bullet to the brain end its misery , punch a halo of blood onto the ice . the shot echoe for mile . walton back to the ship . ext - nevsky - establishing - night silhouett against the aurora borealis . the horizon swirl mysteriously with color and light . distant sliver of lightning kiss the earth . Men keep watch in furtive group , huddle against the cold , breath punch the air with billow of vapor . a massive crackling be hear . a young sailor spin , jumpy . old sailor only the ice to starboard , boy . young sailor be it break up ? old sailor just dance on the current . it will freeze even tighter come next wind . camera drift past to another group : sailor # 4 it be a polar bear . that 's what I say . sailor # 5 say all you want , but you be not there . it leave human track . sailor # 6 no man could tear that dog apart . sailor # 5 no human . we have rouse a demon from the ice . clang-clang ! the man spin . a sailor on starboard have rung the signal bell . the man race over , crowd the gunwale . sailor something . in the mist . Walton appear from he cabin and crowd he way to the front , rifle aim at the sky . the man wait . holding they breath . scan the darkness . a apparition loom eerily from the mist on a creak floe of ice , silhouett by the shifting light of the borealis . the figure 's pose be uncanny and weird : neither stand nor kneel , but something in between , arm dangle at its side and lolling slowly with the motion of the current . young sailor it 's the demon ! shoot while you have a chance ! the Pilot light the kerosene wick of a reflector box spotlight and swing it around . the beam seek out the specter and pin it in a dim circle of light ... revealing a man collapse on a dog sled , lash to tiller upright stanchion with freeze leather strap , Dead dog lie in icy heaps around he . ext - nevsky - night the man venture onto the shifting ice with lantern raise . grappling line be unslung and throw , the ice floe snag . gaff reach out , draw it closer . Men clasp arm , form a human chain . grigori be the first to reach the motionless figure on the dog sled . walton Dead ? grigori cautiously ease he hand into the darkness of the furred hood to search the neck for a pulse ... ... and the figure scare the shit out of he . with a convulsive shudder and a gasp intake of breath , the hood rise up , revealing a haggard face torture white with frost , beard freeze solid , eye blazingly intelligent and aware . Walton find himself in a extend beat of eye contact with victor frankenstein . ext - nevsky - on deck - night a howling wind have kick up , pelting the huddle sentries with sleet . camera track past , move steadily toward the dimly - glow window of Walton 's cabin ... int - walton be cabin - night ... where we find Walton and grigori in tense discussion : grigori Captain , I implore you . the man be frighten and angry . they want you assurance . walton they know the risk when they sign on . I have come too far to turn back now . grigori then you run the danger of push they to mutiny . Walton pull a pistol from he drawer and slam it flat on the table before he . walton ( low , tight ) let they try . grigori be take aback . he hear a shifting of blanket and glance to the captain 's bed . Walton follow he look . frankenstein have awaken and be watch they . grigori exit , uneasy under frankenstein 's gaze . Walton rise , retrieve a pot from the stove . walton you be awake . I have prepare some broth . it will help restore you . victor ( hoarse , falter ) I be ... die . Victor draw a hand from under the blanket and hold it before he face . finger skeletal and black . victor frostbite . gangrene . a simple diagnosis . walton be you a physician ? victor ( faint smile ) how be it you come to be here ? walton there 's a startling question , come from you . ( beat ) I be captain of this ship . we sail from archangel a month ago , seek a passage to the North pole . victor ah . a explorer . walton would - be . I be plague with my share of difficulty just at the moment . victor I hear . walton I can not say I blame they . we be trap in this ice and bedevile by some sort of ... creature . victor creature ? a ... human like creature ? walton ( stunne ) you know of it ? victor you man be right to be afraid . walton then explain it , whatever it be . it could save the voyage . I have spend year plan this . my entire fortune . victor you would persist at the cost of you own life ? the life of you crew ? walton live be ephemeral . the knowledge we gain , the achievement we leave behind ... that live on . Victor reach out with he blacken claw of a hand , pull he closer . impassion , intense : victor do you share my madness ? walton madness ? camera push slowly on Victor 's face ... victor we be kindre , you and i. Men of ambition . let I tell you all that I have lose in such pursuit . I pray my story will come to mean for you all that be capricious and evil in man . walton ( angry , frighten ) who be you ? victor ( beat ) my name be frankenstein ... and camera proceed into the bottomless depth of Victor 's stare eye , plunging we into : total darkness . tick-tock . tick-tock . a metronome fade up before we . woman' voice ( o.s. ) failure have no pride , Victor . you must try again . little boy ( o.s. ) yes , ma'am . int - grand ballroom - frankenstein mansion - day we hear a harpsichord begin play as a wider angle reveal a huge , magnificent room with vault ceiling thirty foot high . floor-to-ceiling window . hanging tapestry . victor sit at the harpsichord , a very serious 7 year - old in he little gentleman 's suit and stiff starch collar . mrs . moritz , head of the housekeep staff , conduct the lesson . her daughter justine , age 4 , sit with she doll in a huge wingback chair , make it dance to the music as she listen ... but she eye be on Victor . she adore he . a enormous door swing open . Victor stop play . his parent enter , ushere a somber and beautiful elizabeth , age 6 , across the vast expanse of floor . Victor slide off the bench and face they . father Mrs. Moritz , would you and you daughter excuse we ? mrs . moritz of course , Doctor . madam . come along , Justine . bring you dolly . Mrs. Moritz take Justine 's hand . Justine gaze back at Victor and Elizabeth as she mother whisk she off . mother Victor . this be Elizabeth . she 's come to live with we . father she have lose she parent to scarlet fever . she be a orphan . mother you must think of she as you own sister . you must look after she . and be kind to she . Victor stare at Elizabeth . she return the gaze evenly , self - possess and dignify even at this young age . arctic victor ( v.o. ) I love she from the moment that I first see she . ext - frankenstein estate - night a massive bolt of lightning hammer from the sky , reduce a century - old oak tree to smolder ruin ... int - downstair parlor - night ... while Victor gaze at the storm , face press against a window , astonished at the sight . lightn throw seethe shadow of the rain on he face . mother Victor . Elizabeth be frighten by the storm . go comfort she . int - upper landing - night we hear a child sobbing . Victor come racing up the grand staircase from below as lightning send wild banister shadow skitter . he carom down the hall toward : int - elizabeth' room - night Victor enter . Elizabeth be a tiny figure huddle in a adult - size bed , gaze up with tear - streak face at the huge skylight in the vault ceiling , dread the next scary boom and flash . Victor approach and whisper : victor do not cry , Elizabeth . elizabeth ( frighten ) be not you ? ka - boom ! a lightning bolt rip overhead , rattling the pane of glass . Victor do find it scary ... but exhilate . victor we will build a fort . so the lightning can not get we . he race about the room , grab every pillow he can find and hurl they to she . Big decorative pillow from the chaise , bed pillow from the armoire ... they all come fly . she giggle as a big one knock she flat . Victor scamper onto the bed with she . they pile the pillow around and above , conceal themselves in a bulg heap of cushion . inside the pillow -fort Victor poke he hand up , widen a space so they can still see . lightn glisten in they upturn eye . elizabeth be you sure it can not hurt we ? victor nothing can . not ever . she seek he hand . finger clasp . Comfort and strength . tilt up to the skylight . rain drum the glass ... int - mansion - grand ballroom - day Victor and Elizabeth be learn to waltz , they movement stiff and awkward , childlike . mrs . moritz be at the harpsichord . Justine sit with she dolly , watch . mrs . moritz you must lead , Victor . the lady will always look to you for guidance , so you step must be sure and strong ... victor Mrs. Moritz . mrs . moritz ... aaand , one -two - three , one - two - three , twirl - two-three ... justine mama , can I dance with Victor ? mrs . moritz nonsense , Justine . hush . and now a sweeping arc about the room ! one - two - three , twirl - two -three . Victor and Elizabeth gamely work they way across the vast room , trip on each other 's toe . they pass within inch of camera , body wiping frame ... int - grand ballroom - day ( ten year later ) ... and they sweep from before we eye , waltzing away from camera to reveal Victor now 17 , intense and handsome as he approach manhood . Elizabeth be a blossoming and graceful beauty at 16 . Mrs. Moritz be still conduct the lesson . mrs . moritz ...one - two -three , twirl - two-three ... excellent ! you will be the envy of all the young lady and gentleman ! they be certainly the envy of Justine , who gaze at Victor as he sweep Elizabeth around the room in he arm . she be not concentrate and fumble on the keyboard . her mother throw she a look of reproval : mrs . moritz Justine . surely you can maintain better time than that . justine yes , mama . fluster , she put she attention back on the keyboard as Victor and Elizabeth keep dance , swirl fluidly about the room , they attention only on each other . int - upstair hallway - night a skylight above we . a storm be raging , rain drum the glass . we hear scream in the house . tilt down to Victor perch at the edge of a settee , seethe with tension . wait . Elizabeth be with he . she squeeze he arm , try to reassure he . elizabeth she will be all right . another scream rip down the hallway . Justine come scurrying up the stair , about to enter he parent 's room with a fresh load of sheet . Victor lunge to he foot and intercept , try to push past she , but find the doorway implacably block by Mrs. Moritz . mrs . moritz you can do nothing here . wait downstairs . he can see he mother in the dim kerosene light , writhe and scream on the bed , belly swollen and distend . his father , sleeve roll up , work feverishly to save she . victor mother ? father Victor , do as you be tell ! Justine glance at Victor , long to comfort he . she squeeze past into the room . the door slam in he face . he turn to Elizabeth , eye brim with terror ... int - parent ' bedroom - night ... as he mother fall back on the sweat - soak sheet , blow air like a bellow , try to give birth ... ext - mansion - night ... while she scream mingle with the howling of the wind , the stump of the long - dead oak tree poke from the earth in the foreground like a gravestone , lash by the rain . int - downstair parlor - night victor stare out the window at the raging storm . Elizabeth appear at he side . he do not look at she . victor as a boy , I stand at this window and watch God destroy we tree . b.g. scream stop , Victor and Elizabeth turn , gaze up the grand staircase . the sudden silence be even more frightening . the faint cry of a newborn infant drift down a door open upstairs , throw a spill of light . Victor 's father appear in silhouette , come down the stair toward they . he pause halfway down , unable to continue . victor Father ? a flash of lightning flood the room , revealing Victor 's father on the staircase . face haggard . eye hollow . clothes spatter with blood . hand glisten wetly red . elizabeth oh God . the blood . Father sit down shakily on a step . Victor and Elizabeth race up the stair and pause before he . father I do everything I could . Victor let out a sob of anguish . Elizabeth begin to cry . Father gather they into he arm . ext - frankenstein estate - cemetery - day a baby carriage stand amidst lean gravestone , gothic and ornate , a chill breeze billow the lace . a priest recite a Latin burial mass . dozen of mourner be gather before the frankenstein family mausoleum ... a impose edifice of stone and spidery wringht -iron , its steeple roof crown by a massive granite crucifix . a sleek black casket lie atop the bier , ringed with flower and sorrow . the tree be windswept and bare , branch stark against a steely gray sky . Victor and Elizabeth stand apart from the other , stare at the casket . softly : victor how could all my father 's knowledge and skill fail to save she ? elizabeth it 's not ours to decide . all that live must die . it 's God 's will . Victor raise a grim look at the huge crucifix atop the mausoleum . Christ return he gaze with blank stone eye victor what kind of God be he to will this ? elizabeth she be mother to I as well . but ours be the job of the live . it 's up to we now to hold this family together . we must think of Father and be strong for he . ( beat ) I can not do that alone . victor God take she from we . elizabeth he leave a beautiful gift in she place . a baby boy . to cherish and love as we very own . you brother Victor glance at the baby carriage . he seek she hand . they finger clasp . Comfort and strength . victor we brother . the baby start crying as the casket be lower , its thin voice carry on the wind ... ext - meadow - day a gorgeous , sun - dapple day . tall grass wave on the breeze . butterfly skitter . william , 11 month - old , toddle into view . he do not get far . plop ! down he go , right on he ass . his face scrunches up in surprise and he burst into tear . Elizabeth hurry over and scoops he up , cradling and comforting he . Victor rise from a picnic blanket to join they . nanny Justine look up from she task of lay out the silverware and food . justine poor William ! what indignant tear ! elizabeth there , there ... shhh ... Victor take the baby and swoops he high in the air . the child shriek and wail , hold aloft . elizabeth Victor , have a care ! you will make he dizzy ! victor the world be a dizzying place . she try to reclaim the baby . Victor feint , keep Willie out of reach . Elizabeth grow crosser : elizabeth oh , do give he here ! he need to be comfort and hold ! victor he need to vent he outrage to the sky ! make yourself hear , Willie ! learn to walk be not a easy thing ! why should it be so ? Elizabeth be exasperate to realize that the baby have begin to laugh . she glare at both of they . men. elizabeth that 's the nature of all progress , William . do not let you brother sway you otherwise . justine quite right ! Victor cradle Willie as if to shield he delicate ear . he peer at Elizabeth with mock - grave suspicion and speak to the baby sotto-voce , in deep confidence , man- to - man : victor do not listen , Willie . progress be a feast to be consume . woman would have you believe you must walk before you can run . or run before you can waltz ! elizabeth ( laugh ) give I that child before you fill he head with drivel ! Victor waltze the baby in circle . Elizabeth stalk they . victor Devil take walk , lady ! my brother shall learn to waltz ! he grab she by the waist , pull she into it . there 's no use resisting . she succumb and they dance with the baby between they . Justine be gasp with laughter . justine Elizabeth , really ! he 's quite mad ! elizabeth scandalous ! what would you dear mother say ? justine ( think a beat ) one-two - three , one - two - three , twirl - two -three ... laugh , Victor and Elizabeth waltz little William around in a sweeping arc . they pass within inch of the camera , body wiping frame ... int - grand ballroom - night ( 6 year later ) to reveal the grand ballroom ablaze with candlelight and spectacle as a hundre dancers swirl about the floor in a breathtaking waltz to the music of a full string ensemble ( note : the music here should be we movie 's distinctive waltz / love theme , which will reoccur later . ) Victor and Elizabeth dance magnificently , room spin about they in a blur . now 24 , he 's in the prime of manhood . Elizabeth , 23 , be a drop -dead beauty radiating poise and intelligence . they be so right for each other , so beautiful together , you heart could break just look at they . Justine , now 21 , have blossom into a beauty herself . she 's at the sideline , wear a lovely gown , wishing someone would ask she to dance . William , now 7 , scamper to she side . she stoops to straighten he collar and smooth back he hair . waltze couple swirl past they . willie auntie Justine , papa say I could have a sweet . justine you can . but not before dinner . the music end amidst applause . the man bow to the lady , the lady curtsy in return . Victor escort Elizabeth off the dance floor . Elizabeth fan herself , flushed and happy . justine you dance so beautifully together . elizabeth and you look so lovely . they share a sisterly hug and a radiant smile . the orchestra recommence . the music be lush . Justine look hopefully to Victor , keep she tone light : justine Victor ? spare I one dance ? Elizabeth catch Victor 's eye . elizabeth go on , ask she . please . I be quite out of breath . Victor gallantly offer he arm . Justine take it , lighting up as he escort she onto the dance floor ... ... and they begin to dance . she 's glow . this be a big moment for she . but they have hardly begin , when ... ... ting - ting-ting , Victor 's father be tapping a champagne glass with a knife . the dancer stop . the orchestra fall silent . Justine hide she disappointment as servant pass among the guest with glass of champagne . father my friend , fatherly pride will not allow this occasion to pass without my raise a toast . shout of assent . Victor be grab by he friend and drag forward , a glass of champagne shove in he hand . father to Victor . my son . who read every medical book in my library by age thirteen ... and then re-read they , which seem excessive even to I . ( the guest roar with laughter ) drape yourself in glory , my boy . Study well . when you return , you return a man of medicine . I will then be honore to call you " colleague . " victor but never you equal . father no . you will surpass I . applause and roar of approval . the drink be toss back . Victor be jostle with backslap and handshake . ext - mansion - night Music and warm light spill from the window . a couple ease through a french door and come racing across the lawn , giggle and hush each other . they take refuge under a tree , revealing they face to the moonlight : Victor and Elizabeth . she lean against the trunk to catch she breath . elizabeth smell the air . wonderful . victor quite a send -off , be not it ? elizabeth Father 's so proud . victor and you ? elizabeth prouder still . you will be the handsomest student there . victor I will have to do better than that . elizabeth you will . ( search he eye ) what do you want , Victor ? victor to be the best there ever be . to push we knowledge beyond we dream ... to eradicate disease and pestilence ... to purge mankind of ignorance and fear ... he 's so serious , she can not help laugh . victor I be not mad . she smile , smoothes a lock of hair gently off he forehead . elizabeth no . just very earnest . and very dear . a extend moment . unspoken word flow between they . Victor lean forward and kiss she . her eye widen slightly . so do he . share excitement , gentle and sexy beyond belief . they pause , draw back , search each other 's eye . he whisper : victor I have love you all my life elizabeth all my life I have know . they kiss again . a breath . a shiver . victor this feel ... incestuous . elizabeth be that what make it so delicious ? she brushes she lip against he . Gentle as a sigh . elizabeth brother and sister still ? victor I wish to be you husband . elizabeth I wish to be you wife . victor then come with I to ingolstadt . marry I now . elizabeth if only I could . but one of we must stay . Father 's not strong . Willie 's just a child . who can look after they in you absence ? who can run the estate ? victor only you . elizabeth I will be here when you return . another kiss . turn lustful and steamy . they melt into each other , sink down , body press and mind afire . this people be hot for each other . they stop , stunne at the intensity . he lay he head to she breast . they finger clasp . she whisper she secret : elizabeth my head be spin . I want to give myself to you . he raise he head . she meet he gaze evenly elizabeth if we be to be marry , must we wait ? he touch she face . fingertip trace downward , gentle and reverent , brush the contour of she bosom at the edge of she bodice . she shiver . close she eye . lay she hand over he . guide he touch . victor you make I weak . elizabeth not as weak as I . she raise he hand to she mouth . brush he fingertip with she lip . wrestling with desire . they eye meet . elizabeth we decision . together . victor you decision . for we . elizabeth ( hesitates ) I give you my soul ... victor ( nod ) ... until we wedding night . when we body will join . elizabeth Victor . I love you , victor Elizabeth . my more than sister . they kiss again . gently ... ext - frankenstein estate - cemetery - dawn a misty gray dawn . Victor be kneel at a gravestone , observe a moment of silence . his saddle horse be tethere nearby . softly : victor I will make you so proud , mother . he lay a small sprig of flower on the grave , rise and walk toward he horse . ext - mansion - morning overcast and chill . a open carriage stand load . the family and household staff have turn out . Victor stand ready to go . Father pull he into a back -slapping embrace . father write to we often . Victor move on to Justine , take she hand . victor we never finish we dance . ( she smile ) someday we shall . next be William . the little boy stand stiffly , tear on he face , try to be brave . Victor kneel and whisper : victor the other will look to you while I be go , Willie . be strong . the boy nod miserably , throw he arm around Victor 's neck . last come Elizabeth . she and Victor regard each other , share the secret of last night . a faint smile play at the corner of she mouth . he kiss she cheek . victor Elizabeth . he mount the carriage . claude snap the rein and lurch away , speed Victor off to he future . Victor turn back for a final look at the home and family he love so much . William run after he until he 's go from sight ... dissolve to : ingolstadt - establishing angle - day High white cloud in a blaze blue sky . Church steeples rise among the rooftop . beautiful . boarding house - day frau brach trudge heavily up a long , steep , narrow flight of stair with Victor teeter uneasily behind . frau brach no real room leave . all we have get be attic space . no one ever want the attic space ... attic space / garret - day she lead he into a immensely long space run a twisted path the entire length of the building ; various level and area unhinder by wall separation , massive vault beam crisscross as understructure to the roof . daylight filter dimly through dozen of dormer window and skylight coat with grime . nook and cranny abound . victor this will do nicely . university - day a monumental structure of brick . a bell tower toll . Dead leave scurry across the lawn . lecture hall - day professor krempe , a squat little man , pace before the pack gallery of eager young student . krempe in science , the letter of fact be the letter of law . we pursuit be as dogmatic as any religious precept . think of yourselves as disciple of a strict and hallow sect . someday you may be priest ... but only if you learn the scripture chapter and verse . ( off they laughter ) any question ? victor ( hand shoot up ) but surely , Professor , you do not intend we disregard the more ... philosophical work . krempe philosophical ? victor that which stir the imagination as well as the intellect . paracelsus , for one . this reference be lose on all but a few . at the faculty table : professor waldman peer up at Victor , adjust the glass on he nose . up among the student : henry clerval lean out and shoot a amused look in Victor 's direction . schiller catch Henry 's look and roll he eye . krempe paracelsus ? victor or albertus magnus . cornelius agrippa ... krempe what be you name ? victor Victor frankenstein , sir. ( no response ) of geneva . krempe of geneva. ( beat ) tell I , Mr. frankenstein of geneva . do you wish to study medicine ? or mysticism ? titter sweep the room . krempe remain staunchly unamuse : krempe that of you unfamiliar with Mr. frankenstein 's suggest read list ... thankfully , that would be most of you ... would be well advise to avoid it . here at ingolstadt , we concern ourselves with immutable reality ... ( specific to Victor ) ... not the raving of lunatic and alchemist hundred of year in they grave . understood ? Victor be flushed and humiliate . held like to say more , but wisely swallow he anger and nod . krempe I be relieved . be there any relevant question ? ( there be none ) lecture hall dismiss . ext - university - day Victor exit wear a distinctive black greatcoat , fume over the exchange with krempe . he stride across the lawn , eye fix straight ahead . Henry clerval race up behind he and fall casually in step . Victor glance over . Henry nod pleasantly , as if hold be there all along . Victor respond with a curt nod and resume he straight - ahead demeanor . they walk in silence , just two guy head in the same direction . Henry can not help it ; he snicker loudly to himself . Victor shoot he a sharp look . Henry 's smirk vanish , replace with blank innocence . do somebody snicker ? henry I be just clear my throat . victor very well then . they continue walk . silence thick . finally : henry you know , you be quite mad . Victor stop . turn . victor ( low , measure ) I be not mad . henry ( match Victor 's tone ) as a march hare . Henry 's expression betray nothing ... but perhaps there 's a trace of amusement in he eye ? victor be you have I on ? henry of course I be . it pay to humor the insane . beat . Victor smile . Henry grin , offer he hand . take it . henry Henry clerval . victor Victor , Victor frankenstein . henry I know . you have a way of make a impression . int - gasthof - dusk the tavern be pack with student and noise . beer and food serve at a frantic pace . we find Victor and Henry at a small table , tear into sausage and cheese . victor do you really think I be mad ? henry come now . magnus ? agrippa ? next thing you know , you will be teach toadstool to speak . schiller enter with friend . they pause at Victor 's table schiller if it be not the sorcerer . found yourself a apprentice ? victor I be afraid I reject he application . he merely dabble . henry dilettantes need not apply . what about you ? schiller , be not it ? schiller von schiller . I be interested in real medicine . treating the sick . henry really ? I myself find sick people rather revolting . ( off they look ) I be here to secure my degree with a minimum of fuss and hard work that I might settle into a life of privilege treat rich old lady with gout and dally with they daughter . schiller you two disgust I . schiller and he friend stalk off . ext - ingolstadt - dusk long lens magnificently compress building and steeples , distant hill and drizzly sky . Victor wear he greatcoat as he and Henry walk along a twisty cobblestone street . victor Rich old lady and they daughter ? henry can you think of a better reason ? victor quite a few . henry do I a favor then ... ( clap he shoulder ) ... keep they to yourself . Victor take a shocked beat and burst into laughter . int - autopsy room - day waldman , in sinock , address a group of student from across morgue slab . he throw a sheet back to reveal a corpse dissect to reveal the inner working . the other crowd for a closer look . Victor glance to Henry , who lean back and roll he eye in utter disgust . int - victor' garret - day pushing slowly in on Victor sit at a tall dormer window , write a letter with quill and ink . it 's raining outside . the garret be tidy . ext - rye field - frankenstein estate - late day worker be harvest for mile around . pan to Elizabeth and Claude examine the sheave on a wagon . she crack the grain and taste it , glance to Claude . he smile and nod . claude it 's turn out to be a good year . elizabeth let 's return a tenth of the crop to the tenant . ( off he look ) they have a hard winter . claude not even you father would be that generous . elizabeth then there 's no need to tell he , be there ? Claude grin and motion to he men . they resume load the sheave as a stableboy ride up : stableboy miss ! the mail arrive ! there 's one from master Victor ! int - frankenstein parlor - night we find the family gather around the fire as Elizabeth read Victor 's letter aloud : elizabeth ... and not a day go by that I do not cherish you face in my mind 's eye or ache to see you all again . be assure that I be with you in spirit , and you be never far from my thought . I remain , as always , you loving and devote Victor . p.s. she pause , read ahead . insert of letter the p.s. read : " Elizabeth ... I be hold we vow precious in my heart . " elizabeth glance up at they expectant face . willie what do it say ? elizabeth it say , give Willie a extra big hug for I . william ( beam ) read it again ? she smile , rearrange the page as we fade to : int - university hallway - day a classroom door . shout from within : victor ( o.s. ) that 's no excuse for be a pompous ass ! Victor storm out with krempe at he heel . krempe pause in the doorway , red -face , bellow after he : krempe I will see you throw out of this university ! I will go to the dean himself ! take I at my word , frankenstein ! the dean himself ! classroom door be open , face peer out . waldman among they . Victor keep go , do not look back . int - gasthof - night Victor and Henry slouched at they regular table write in he thick , well - wear leather journal . henry the entire school hear it . it be not something one could miss . victor you be a comfort to I , Henry . henry what now ? write about it in you journal will not help . victor ( quietly ) it 's a letter to my father . Henry fall silent . Victor close the journal , wind it secure with its leather thong , jam it deep in the outer pocket of he greatcoat . brood . the bell above the door jingles . a gust of wind sweep in . they glance up . Professor waldman enter , dapper and soft-spoken , impeccably courteous . he murmur a pleasantry to the innkeeper and drift over to Victor 's table . victor Professor waldman . waldman ( take a seat ) Victor , explain yourself . victor krempe have a way of provoking my temper . waldman you have a way of provoking he . ( beat ) I have be watch you . you seem impatient with you study . victor to say the least . I come here to expand my mind , but honest inquiry seem strangle at every turn . all we do be cling to the old knowledge instead of seek the new . waldman you disdain accept wisdom ? victor no , I embrace it ... as something to be use or discard as we advance the boundary of what be know . henry ( mutter to waldman ) now you have get he start . victor this be exciting time , Henry . we be enter a era of amazing breakthroughs . look at Edward jenner . he be not content to bleed people with leech , he pioneer a new frontier of think henry ... yes , and thanks to he , smallpox have be virtually eliminate . I have hear this speech before . victor but you have not listen , never in history have so much seem possible . we be on the verge of answer undreamt of ... but only if we have the courage to ask the question . waldman I understand you frustration . I be young once myself . ( beat ) walk I home . something I would like to show you . int - waldman be home - workshop - night the gaslight come up with a soft hiss . the first thing Victor and Henry notice be a artist 's nook situate adjacent to big window where the light would be best during the day . easel be line with in - progress work on a variety of subject , everything from landscape to anatomical study , all quite excellent . the rest of the place be a laboratory cramme floor - to - rafter with arcane equipment . take off he coat and roll up he sleeve , waldman lead Victor and Henry down row of table cramme with experiment and clutter . waldman you know for thousand of year the chinese have base they medical science on the belief that the human body be a chemical engine run by electricity ? they say we all contain stream of energy which flow through we like current in the ocean , or river in the earth . they arrive at a table . waldman root through a tray of knickknack , hold up a acupuncture needle . waldman they doctor treat patient by insert needle like this into the flesh at various key point to manipulate this electric stream . he direct they attention to a ancient chinese silk on the wall . it depict the human body from front and side angle . acupuncture point be clearly mark . victor preposterous . waldman I once see it do , as a boy in canton . my parent be missionary . the cure be nothing short of miraculous . ( off they look ) I have never forget it . be fascinate ever since . henry it smack of magic . waldman slide forth a steel pan and uncover it to reveal a enormous dead toad in dissection . copper mount pin trail wire to a small panel of switch . the switch , in turn , be connect to a series of galvanic battery . waldman start throw switch . Victor and Henry jump as the toad convulse with motion . they watch , stunne , as waldman put the toad through its pace : leg kick , foot flex , mouth open and close , lung breathe . waldman Magic . seem alive , do not it ? waldman shut the thing down , strip off he glove , he arm at the array of wire and battery . waldman electricity . victor it 's utterly fantastic ! this be the sort of thing I be talk about ! we should be learn this ! waldman why ? God alone know what it mean . until it have prove value , it 's nothing more than a ghoulish parlor trick . hardly fit for the classroom . victor but the possibility . combine ancient knowledge with new ? something like this could change we fundamental view ! waldman it be a thrill direction to explore . thrill and dangerous . ( off he look ) nature can be wonderful and terrible . Science be not a realm for the reckless ; it need a conscience . we must proceed cautiously . assess as we go . ( drape the toad ) what I do on my own time be my own business . the same hold true for you . you wish to expand you mind ? Fine , do so . you can even join I here , if you like . but not at the expense of you normal study . victor I doubt that decision be still mine to make . waldman ( wave ) nonsense . tonight you will draft a apology to Professor krempe ... Victor start to object , but waldman override he with a stern gesture for silence . listen . waldman " ... a sincere and heartfelt apology which you will then read aloud to he before the assemble student body and faculty . victor why ? waldman ( draw close ) we profession need talent like yours . destroy you career over a issue of pride ? what a waste . waldman hand he the acupuncture needle . a gift . Victor study it , fascinate . waldman go home , Victor . write the letter , int - lecture hall - day dollying victor in a sww 360 : he stand before the student and faculty , read he apology . victor ... and I further wish to extend my sincerest regret to Professor krempe for my display . my behavior toward he be both rash and inexcusable . up in the gallery , krempe nod grudgingly to himself . int - frankenstein mansion - dusk exquisite silverware go clinking softly onto polished wood as : elizabeth ( o.s. ) ( laugh ) I know hold get himself in trouble . tilt up to reveal the expansive dinner table be set for guest . kitchen staff be to- and fro- . Elizabeth split she attention between supervise and read Victor 's letter , while Justine busy herself with a flower arrangement . Willie get underfoot . Father just sit . justine must have be a terrible row . elizabeth he be almost expell for call one of he professor a " pompous ... ( glance to Willie ) fellow ... " father he always be opinionate . elizabeth ( read on , laugh ) he set thing right with a proper apology ... and now they have put he in charge of dissection lab ! willie what 's that ? father that 's where they cut thing open and peer about inside . willie thing ? what sort of thing ? Father be about to press on with the gory detail , but Elizabeth freeze he with a glance . elizabeth it 's far too ghoulish for you young ear . the old man throw Willie a look . we will talk later . elizabeth the point be , you brother be a brilliant student well on he way to become the finest - and most compassionate doctor ever ... int - waldman' workshop - night a dissected dog convulse through its electronically - induce pace . kick . twitch . tasting the air with its dead tongue . tilt up to reveal Victor at the switch . waldman lean close to observe . softly : waldman re-configure the lead ? victor number four and twelve directly into the nervous system ? waldman nod . waldman Worth a try . int - autopsy room - day with waldman at he side and Henry provide the tool as need , Victor instruct a freshman class in the internal working of a dissect corpse . Professor krempe observe from a distance . victor ... and the medulla oblongata be the transition between the spinal cord and the two part I have already name ... cerebrum and cerebellum . any freshmen feel queasy yet ? ( glance around , smile ) all of you , from the look of it . we will resume you torture tomorrow . he wave they dismiss . they laugh and exit , relieved . waldman squeeze Victor 's elbow . well do . Victor stiffen at krempe 's approach . krempe you seem to be adapt well to the approve curriculum . victor despite the lack of challenge . krempe redden , but say nothing . he give waldman a curt nod and walk off . waldman Victor . he be try to be gracious . victor the strain be evident . henry come now , you must take some satisfaction . you have rise to the top of you class . a position of prominence and regard . Victor weigh this , glance at both of they , smile . victor what keep I go be my friend . he throw he arm around Henry 's neck , pull he into a affectionate headlock . Henry struggle and laugh : henry leave off ! jeweler be shop - day Victor be gaze with reverence at a gorgeous oval locket dangle before he by a smile jeweler . he glance to Henry for a opinion . henry you Elizabeth must be quite a treasure , Victor ( pointedly to jeweler ) ...to justify this price . the jeweler 's smile go frosty . waldman' workshop - day tight angle on the locket lie open against canvas , dangle from a easel frame . tilt down to reveal a magnificent miniature oil portrait of Victor in progress , no more than three inch high within its pencile oval . waldman paint with a extraordinarily delicate touch , jeweler 's glass riding low on he nose , eye unnaturally large behind the magnify lense . Victor sit patiently for the portrait , suffuse with daylight . Henry lean in over waldman 's shoulder , study the portrait . waldman stiffen a bit , aware of he presence . he clearly hate people look over he shoulder . henry ( deadpan ) should not the nose be above the mouth ? waldman heave a long -suffer sigh . he abruptly jab he brush at Henry 's nose , daub it with paint . dignity upheld he resume he careful work as Victor laugh . int - waldman' house - dine room - night Victor , waldman , and Henry be gather around the remain of a meal , laugh uproariously , enjoy one another 's company . cigar be light , wine be flow . conversation be fast and loose , intense and passionate : waldman I be quite serious . look at all the charity and clinic work we do . up until thirty year ago , the concept of vaccine be unheard of . henry you be say all disease will eventually be eradicate ? waldman I be convinced . not by treat symptom , but by diving nature 's most jealously - guard secret . henry ( turn serious ) do you foresee this happen in we lifetime ? waldman no . but someday . henry thank goodness . we would be out of work . a howl of outrage and laughter . Victor fling he napkin in Henry 's face . victor only you would think of that ! henry ( laugh ) somebody have to ! Victor raise he wine glass . the other join . a toast . victor I tell you what we need , my friend . forget the symptom and disease . what we need be a vaccine for death itself . waldman ( laughter ) oh , now you have go too far . there 's only one God , Victor . henry ( raise he glass ) and here 's to him . everything in moderation , frankenstein . victor ( grin ) nothing in moderation , clerval . int - poor house - day camera , track the gritty reality of a big-city poor house , cramme with society 's dregs : the poor , the uneducate , wail baby , stampede child . absolutely jangling with noise and confusion ... loud and stifling ... people get eye-ear-nose - throat exam ... be vaccinate ... the " doctor " in attendance be all ingolstadt student perform community service , none of whom look like they be enjoy it . schiller look particularly harry . we find Victor and Henry give out vaccination . they keep glance over they shoulder at waldman as he get further embroil in a no-win argument with a wiry , ferret - face man terrify about get he vaccination : man yer not stickin ' it in I ! get pox in it , I hear tell ! fat woman pox ? they givin ' we pox ? ripples of panic spread . waldman be as tense and clipped as we have ever see he , valiantly try to control he temper amidst the surround cacophony and ad-lib dialogue : waldman no , it 's not pox , it 's a vaccine ... fat woman vaca-what ? waldman ... vaccine , from the Latin vacca , meaning cow ( glance at she girth ) ... or vaccinia , meaning cowpox ... man I tell you there be pox in it ! waldman ... no , no , cowpox in a minute quantity , perfectly harmless , give you a natural immunity to small ox , which be the point of this whole bloody exercise ... Victor and Henry be pause work . concerned . drifting closer . the ferret - face man be cornere . man you doctor kill people ! I don ' care what you say , you be not stickin ' it in I ! waldman I most assuredly be ! it prevent disease and it 's the law ! why be I explain myself ? somebody restrain this damn fool ! it happen this fast : there 's a innocuous blur of motion as the man seem to tap waldman lightly in the stomach , then he dart away , slamm past Victor and Henry . Victor look after he run away , hear something clatter to the floor . he glance down . a thin knife . Victor look to waldman . puzzle . it still have not really dawn . waldman turn to they , face drain of color , hand press to he sternum , lip tight . he look more annoyed than anything else . he exhales slowly . henry Professor ? waldman ( softly ) oh god. that 's when the blood start pump through he finger . they catch he as he collapse , cradling he as he sprawl to the floor . people be push and crowd to see . ext - poor house - day a cobblestone street-scene . carriage . a delivery wagon . vendor . pedestrian . the door of the poor house burst open , release a frenzy into the street : Victor and Henry carry waldman by he arm and leg , all the student run alongside , some of they weep with panic , the crowd at they heel still try to catch a glimpse , pedestrian scatter , the student dwindling up the long wind street , bear they professor toward the school , shouting for help ... int - university chapel - day krempe deliver the eulogy before the open casket . the chapel be full . Victor be seat near the back . daze . Henry come up the aisle and slide in next to he . Victor do not even glance over . Henry whisper : henry they just catch the man who do it . victor he be a frighten soul who act out of fear and ignorance . henry they will hang he all the same . victor good . I will be there to hear he worthless neck snap . people glance back . Henry lay he hand on Victor 's elbow . henry keep you voice down . you do not know what you be say . victor it be wrong , Henry ! it should not have happen ! the bastard deserve to die . Victor be cause ripple of attention throughout the chapel . even krempe falter briefly in he eulogy . Henry pull Victor from the pew , drag he up the aisle ... int - confession booth - day ... and into the confessional where they launch at each other in harsh whisper . dialogue here be overlap and intense : henry you be make a scene ! victor why waldman ? he of all people should have cheat death ! henry you can not . death be God 's will ! victor I resent God 's monopoly . henry that 's blasphemy ! victor blasphemy be damned ! waldman spend he life try to help people ! henry all the more reason for we to continue he work with the poor ! victor ( beat , low ) no . he have more important work . henry there be sick people who need we help . here and now . not in some future time . consider that . Henry exit . Victor try to compose himself , clasp he hand together as if in prayer ... or quiet rage . he gaze up . there on the wall hang a crucifix . victor life and death . ( beat ) why should you alone have the final say ? victor' Pov pushing slowly in on the Christ figure before he , bleed from a crown of thorns , arm throw wide . dissolve to : da vinci be study of man rise from the image of Christ , strike a eerily similar pose , arm throw wide within the perfect circle . we hear a door be unlocked as ... int - waldman' workshop - day ...a wider angle reveal the desert workshop . the door swing open as Victor let himself in . he see the finish locket lie open on a table , pick it up , study the beautiful miniature portrait it contain . snap it shut . he look up , eye fall upon the Da vinci print hang on the wall . he stare . intense . int - waldman' workshop - night tracking shot : thing be in the process of be sort and box . we find Victor poring over waldman 's note : victor to understand the cause of life , we must first have recourse to death ... and examine the process in minutest detail ... ext - town square - day a gray day . waldman 's ferret - face murderer stand weep helplessly on the scaffold as sentence be read : magistrate ...his body to be leave on public display for a twenty - four hour period , thereafter to be consign to a unmark pauper 's grave . so the court have speak . the executioner draw the hood over the murderer 's head , cinch the noose tight . the condemn man be blubber , plead for he life . Victor stand in the crowd . watch . wait . we hear the thump of the body drop , the crack of a snap neck ... ext - town square - night Dark as hade . piss down rain . a flash of lightning and a crash of thunder . the dead man still hang from the scaffold , lash by the wind . Victor loom from the storm , hand jamme in the pocket of he greatcoat . he pull out a thin , glitter blade . the very weapon which take waldman 's life . he gaze up at the dead man ... at the rope from which he dangle ... int - victor' garret - night the dead murderer lie pale and naked on a slab . Victor lean close , still drip , study the face closely . a flash of lightning throw wild , skitter shadow through the dormer window and skylight . softly : victor no longer pathetic and useless int - victor' garret - day the dead man , dissect and wire , jerk bolt upright , flopping and convulse , eye open and close , mouth gape open and shut . he fall back limply as Victor shut the power off , make careful notation in he journal . int - victor' garret - day tracking the dissection table ... up the length of the murderer 's body ... now in a advanced stage of decay ... we hear the soft buz of fly ... we find Victor stand over the corpse . gaunt and hollow - eye . exhausted and obsessed . wearing a butcher 's apron . stare down at one of the dead man 's forearm . maggot be swarm in the flesh . he abruptly raise a cleaver and whack it off at the elbow . int - victor' garret - night tracking slowly past the forearm lie in a steel pan , we find Victor perform a intense chemical analysis . Dead tissue be break apart in solvent , distil over a slow - burn flame . Victor smear a glass slide , place it under a microscope . int - gasthof - day Victor be hunch over he notebook , pale and unhealthy , scribbling notation next to a rendering of the human form . Henry be across from he : henry Victor . this have get to stop . ( Victor glance up ) nobody 's see you in month . you have not attend a single class . victor I have be preoccupy . henry we all know how hard you take waldman 's death . even krempe be sympathetic . but it be time to move on . it be time to concern yourself with life . victor that be my concern . ( faint smile ) I be involved in something just now . I want to finish it in waldman 's memory . henry how much longer ? victor few month perhaps . I be gather the raw material even now . ext - graveyard - night the wringht - iron door of a crypt have be force open . camera push through to find Victor stand inside over a stone sarcophagus with a pry bar in he hand . he 's nervous , work up he courage : victor material . that 's all they be tissue to be re-use . he pries off the stone lid . it thump heavily to the floor , crack in half . he open the casket , reach in , raise the pale arm of the decease to inspect it . ext - graveyard - night Stone monument . bare tree . ivy -cover ground . Victor shoulder - deep in a grave . shovel . a lamp burn low . coffin - night pitch black . the lid swing open , cascade dust and soil . Victor peer down , hold the kerosene lamp high . victor' garret - night tracking along the shelf , cramme now with formaldehyde jar of foot and hand , brain and kidney , the occasional head stare through the glass , dead cat ... ... and we find Victor work into the wee hour . hunched over he specimen . candle flame flicker low . refer back to waldman 's note . make notation in arcane book such as " De occulta philosophia , " by agrippa , and " Le Sciences et les art d'alchimiste , " by paracelsus . frankenstein estate - late day a magnificent backdrop of mountain against a cloudless blue sky . tilt down to Elizabeth and Justine with the mansion distant . a steady breeze ripple the field as Elizabeth regards a stack of mail . elizabeth nothing . still nothing . justine it 's be month . it 's not like he . elizabeth something 's wrong . I know it . ( off she look ) I have hear rumor of cholera spread south from Hamburg . justine so have I elizabeth I should go . I should leave today . justine Elizabeth . if it 's true , travel into Germany would be ban . you would never get near ingolstadt . ( beat ) besides , they be only rumor . elizabeth ( beat , nod ) and not a word of they to Father . he 's agitate enough not hearing from Victor . justine read he one of the old letter and rephrase it . we will say it come today . it will set he mind at ease . Elizabeth give she a hug . they walk toward the mansion int - blacksmith shop - day murky and dark . bellow be pump . shower of spark cascade . the blacksmith and he assistant be pound a metallic sledgehammer litany , beat a huge copper sheet into shape . Victor enter . the blacksmith direct he attention to a finish copper piece lean against the wall . Victor run he hand over the surface . Nice . int - maternity ward - charity hospital - night a woman lie on a table , scream as she go into labor . her water break , cascade into a steel bucket . one of the assistant snatch it up , scurries around the corner . Victor be wait in the shadow . money change hand . int - victor' garret - night Victor be examine the amniotic fluid . boil it off . work to synthesize it . int - victor' garret - night Victor pour the final drum of fluid into what appear to be a large copper vat . he dip he hand in , examine the consistency and smell . angle widen , spin slowly up to reveal that the vat be human in shape . a sarcophagus . ext - alley - night we find Victor examine three corpse on the back of a wagon , check nostril and tooth with glove hand . a pair of men lurk in the shadow , wait . victor that one . the corpse be lift off . money change hand . man with this cholera come to town , we will have plenty more for you . int - victor' garret - night Victor wear elbow - length glove , hack furiously away with a bone see . toss aside the scrap . victor' garret - night Victor have a arm wire , testing reaction . he scrape off a small shred of tissue , drop it in solution , watch it break apart . it do not look good . he glance feverishly at the clock , make a fast decision , scribbles in he journal : victor not optimal . must use . no time to replace . body can not wait . victor' garret - night Victor stitches a torso with one of that big , awful curve needle , yanking up hard to draw the catgut tight . arctic victor ( v.o. ) I stitched it together with my own hand ... victor' garret - night Victor pull on a chain , hoist the body off the slab via block - and - tackle mount on a ceiling track . the body rise limply into the air , spin slowly , arm and leg dangle , long black hair cover its face . arctic victor ( v.o. ) a patchwork man of my own devise . Victor reach up with one hand to stop the body spin . he push it down the length of the lab , roll it along its ceiling track like a side of beef in a meat locker . int - victor' garret - night the creature lie on a improvise bier of crate , surround by shadow and clutter , drape / sprawle like Christ take from the cross in Michelangelo 's " pieta . " beaker bubbling and drip . intravenous line seeping and secreting . a misty chemical haze in the air . Victor be watch he patchwork man . glowering . wait . arctic victor ( v.o . ) it take nutrient like a child receive milk ... blush like a young girl with the blood I force through its vein ... a flash of lightning rip through the skylight , bathing the scene purple / white . eerier and eerier . arctic victor ( v.o. ) ... all in preparation . victor' garret - day we find Victor pass out in a chair . his creation be still take fluid . Gray daylight stream through the window . there 's commotion in the street outside : shouting , horse ' hoof clatter on cobblestone , a occasional scream or wail . Victor do not stir . Dead to the world . somebody start pounding on the door . Victor rouse , take a moment to remember where he be . he lurch from he chair , grab a canvas tarp , throw it over he " patchwork man . " stairwell - day Henry be pound . finally the latch be draw . the door swing open a crack . Victor peer out . gaunt and furtive . suspicious . Henry be stunne at he dissipate appearance . henry God 's sake , what be that stench ? Henry peer past he . Victor shift , block he view victor this be a bad time , Henry . I be busy just now . what do you want ? henry thing have go worse with this cholera outbreak . thousand new case a day now . class have be suspend . University 's shut down . victor yes ? and ? henry listen to what I be say . the militia 's arrive to quarantine the city . most of we be get out while we still can . victor you will be leave then . ( beat ) just as well . you never be cut out for this , Henry . Goodbye . and the door slam shut . the bolt be throw . Henry pound . henry victor ! OPEN the door ! listen to reason ! nothing . stun and hurt , Henry turn from the door and head back down the stair . ext - victor' build - STREET - day Henry exit into a nightmare . refugees be stream from the city , horse and wagon , people on foot , carry they possession . Henry step into the street and be nearly run down by a carriage . voice ( o.s. ) out of the way ! Henry glance up to see schiller at the rein , struggle to control the animal as the carriage ease past . henry schiller ? you be leave ? where 's all that high talk about treat the sick ? schiller ( icy ) to hell with they . and you . he snap the rein , not caring who he run down . the carriage lurch away , scatter refugee before it . Henry keep walk . jostle by the hostile crowd . look around . daze . Dead body be stack along the street like cordwood , wait for the death cart . angle widen as Henry stumble along through utter despair and devastation , stunne at the human suffer around he as we fade to : int - victor' garret - night Victor glance at the clock . scribbles in he journal : victor time run out . rate of decay accelerate . must strike now ... or start again from scratch . he gaze down at he creation , lie once again on the slab before he ... but now the creature lie on a full body - length steel grate . steel chain with hook dangle from the ceiling above ... along with long coil of thick copper wire tip with glitter needle big enough to knit with . Victor glance up at the Da vinci . the Study of man have be daube with red paint at key acupuncture point . Victor dip a huge cotton swab in a bowl of iodine , start dabbing identical mark on the body before he ... now he 's ramming the huge wire - feed needle deep into this spot , brutally work they around in the flesh to get good contact . the forearm , the neck , the rib cage ... now he 's attach the steel chain-hook to the four corner of the steel grate ... now he 's pull on a rope , strain to hoist the whole rig into the air . it lift slowly from frame : body , needle , wire and all ... high wide angle ... and we get we first spectacular look at frankenstein 's gloriously low - tech and stupendously arcane lab . the creature dangle below we from the ceiling -hoist , lie full - length and horizontal on its steel grate , spin slowly , thick copper wire trail from its arm and leg , rib cage and neck , armpit and groin . the copper cable trail upward , coil along the ceiling like garden hose to provide necessary slack , meander down the wall to culminate in a splendiferous array of galvanic battery , steam engine and generator . frankenstein reach slowly up , fingertip strain toward the ceiling as if worshipp the creation revolve endlessly above he head in a perfectly - describe circle not at all unlike the Da vinci ... and he grab the lever on the platform and pull to start it spin , with a mighty heave , he set the whole thing glide in motion , camera tracking faster and faster as he roll it along the ceiling track through the lab , pass table after table of desiccate leftover and discard scrap , lightning blazing through the window to mark he way with wild and sinister shadow ... ... and he yank the platform to a stop over the copper sarcophagus . amniotic fluid steaming and murky within . he position the platform , unty the rope , lower the creature down and down , lower and lower , sink into the vat , the steel grate a perfect fit in size and shape . faster now , move furiously . reaching into the murk , unhook the chain . array the copper wire through air - tight guide hole . spin on he heel and reach up , grab hold of the upper shell of the sarcophagus also suspend from the ceiling , stunningly heavy , gleam with reflection and secret . camera rocket down on Victor as he swing the upper shell into position , lower it into place with a thud -clank ! work the wing -nut on the bolt , spin frantically , tightening they down , sealing the sarcophagus air-tight . faster now . faster . the frenzy build and the camera goe wild , rocketing , zoom , glide , spin the audience on its ear : frankenstein . turn up the heat on the burner . cook the copper from below . double double , toil and trouble . frankenstein . gazing through the thick glass porthole check on he creation drift in the murk . frankenstein . whipping up the galvanic battery , supercharging they with steam generator . watch as they send voltage hum and throbbing through the copper cable along the ceiling beam . Building up a charge . frankenstein . gazing at he gleam handiwork . lightning painting he feature into a twisted mask . Hand on the switch . ready to rev it up and throw the throttle . over it go . wham ! overdrive . the body convulse violently in its copper womb as the first jolt of electricity hit . thunk - thunk -thunk ! blaze with energy and arcane light , finger of light throbbing through the porthole , sparkling , glitter , seek . frankenstein race to the sarcophagus . a long glass tube , two foot in diameter and ribbed with steel , get lower on a boom and ram into a hole , collate spun tight , inner dam wrench out like a Polaroid plate . he reach up and grab hold of a pull - chain , finger go knuckle - white on the wooden handle . one hard yank . a dump - tank be release , murky water cascade down the glass tube . and here 's the final perversion , the ultimate icing on this twisted cake : the copper sarcophagus be literally a womb , with the giant glass tube serve as a massive gleam phallus down which come pour dozen of electric eel , wriggle and stream like huge black sperm ... eel Pov ( in the tube ) ... rocketing down the tube , slithering and squirming , faster and faster , racing into the sarcophagus , seek out the creation in the murky womb-fluid , lash at the hapless gray flesh , zap it again with high - intensity voltage . the creature convulse , thrashing , jerk from side to side , raise its head against the top , mouth gape open and shut , jaw snap with electrical surge . frankenstein 's face appear at the porthole , peer in , watch he dark seed fertilize he unholy child . victor ( muffle through the glass ) live , you bastard ! a huge bony hand slap against the porthole , finger claw and spasming against the glass . frankenstein jerk he head back , stunne . the finger be scratch . he turn , run to the electrical rig , shutting the whole thing down . it cycle off , whining into silence inside the sarcophagus ... and the body relax , shutting down with it , go limp and lifeless in the murk , spasm trail off . frankenstein stare at the sarcophagus . realizing he creation have stop move . nothing now . he sag to he knee , utterly devastate at the loss of he dream . nothing . it be all for nothing ... inside the sarcophagus ... and the creature open its dim yellow eye , aware . its mouth go wide , tooth bare in a silent scream as it try to breathe and find nothing in its lung but fluid . frankenstein be wrap in he despair , face cradle in he hand . a soft tap . he glance over he finger . think he imagine it . no . there 's another tap . and another . we see it in he eye . sheer joy and stunne exultation . triumph and wonder unbelievably sublime . a bare whisper : victor it 's alive . it 's alive . and then hell break loose : massive convulsion wrack the sarcophagus , damn near shaking it off its cradle . thump - thump -thump ! pound from within . head ramming against the inner lid . he race over , frantic , finger fumble on the wing - nut , spin they loose , try to free the drown man within . he unscrew the final bolt , reach for the rope to hoist the lid away ... ... and the lid launch itself across the room , propel from below with rocket- booster force . the massive copper shell go hurtle / spin / cartwheel across the lab , demolosh a amazing array of equipment in its path , and thunder massively off the wall in a explosion of masonry and splintering coat rack . Victor 's greatcoat go fly . silence . frankenstein be freeze . stare at the roiling surface of the amniotic fluid as it settles . a eternity pass in the space of a heartbeat . the creature erupt from the vat like a vision from Hell , thrashing and gag . murky fluid cascade in all direction . the creature seize Victor by the shirtfront , try to pull itself from the vat , slip and slide like a epileptic in a bathtub full of oil , damn near drag Victor in , eel leaping and froth and crackle with electricity . Victor scream , try to pull away , try to break the creature 's grip ... ... and the whole thing tip over . Victor reel back , fall as the vat slam to the ground , cascade its murky content , wash the creature limply across the floor like a body toss from the ocean , eel flipping and flopping , snap electrical discharge into the air . Victor scramble back , slip and slide on the amniotic muck , desperately jerk he leg away . he find he traction and scramble to he foot . the creature be grasp and crawl toward he . flopping and jerk . grip by seizure and convulsion . vomiting murky liquid as he lung heave grotesquely to dispel the fluid . swipe the air with palsie hand . malfunctional . victor stand drip fluid and goo , chest heaving , stare down at the creature , not quite able to believe he be midwife to this ghastly birth . softly : victor what have I do ? the creature lunge to its knee , grasp he , clutching he clothes , paw he . victor let go of I ! Victor can not break free . panick . he snatch a hammer from a nearby table and bring it down on the creature 's head . thud ! again and again . beating the thing down , pound it into submission . the creature finally collapse , slide down Victor 's leg , curling up like a fetus , twitching and jerk in its own afterbirth . silence now . a ghastly tableau : Victor stand in the middle of he ruin lab with he creation moan and twitching at he foot in a die heap . a flash of lightning silently bathes the room , jerk wild shadow across the wall . Victor step over the creature . daze . he drop the hammer . it clatter to the floor . he stop to jot a final entry : victor massive birth defect . result be malfunctional and vile . ( beat ) have choose to abort . he walk stiffly away , disappear into the bedroom ... int - bedroom - night ... where he stagger to the canopy bed , beyond exhaust , and collapse face - down into oblivion . weeping . fade to : int - victor' bedroom - night the wee hour . rain patter desolately on the roof . Victor sleep . wrestling with troubled dream . through a crack in the bed curtain , we see the bedroom door slowly creak open , throw a twisted spill of light . a shadow appear . enter . shamble and glide across the floor . Silent and furtive . creep toward the bed . pushing slowly in on Victor . move into close -up . sleep . unaware . the shadow fall across he face . beat . his eye fly open . a intake of breath . paralyze . sense the presence . feeling the shadow . work himself up to something . perhaps a scream . he can stand it no longer , thrust out he arm , jerk the curtain aside ... ... and the creature be there , loom like a specter of death . nake . beseech . dull yellow eye try to understand . Victor lurch from bed , send a nightstand and vase crashing to the floor . the creature circle , seek he , threaten to cut off he path to the door . victor stay away ! he dart past the thing , careen out into the lab . the creature whip around , unsteady for a moment , then follow he with surprising speed . int - lab - night Victor race through the lab with the creature hobbling behind , try to catch up . Victor hurl lab equipment , tipping shelf in its path , anything to slow it down . Victor rip the door open , lunge through , slam it in the creature 's face . the creature press against the wood with pathetic little moan , begging not to be leave alone . he sink to the floor . abandon . shiver with cold . see Victor 's greatcoat where it fall . grab it . drag it over . shroud himself . ext - STREET - night Victor race into the downpour , soak to the skin in second , mind racing . he need a plan . he press on . int - shop - night Victor appear at the window . tilt down to reveal a array of gleam sword lie in they velvet display . Victor hurl a brick through the glass . snatch up a sword . int - victor' build - night Victor careen in from the storm , drench , racing up the stair , sword glitter in he grasp . he get to the top of the stair ... int - victor' garret - night ...only to discover the door tear off it 's hinge . he enter , stunne . the thing be go . ext - STREET - night Victor race back into the storm . search . slogge grimly on . lashed by the wind and rain . mocked by the lightning . he will never give up . not until he find the thing and take back the life he give it . he dwindle from view , vanish into the gale as we fade to : ext - alley - morning Gray and drizzly . heaps of wet garbage . crawl rat . there 's a shifting , heaving motion . the vermin scatter as the waking creature peer at the world from beneath the greatcoat like a frighten child peer from under a blanket . lose and confuse . he scrabble through the garbage for something to eat . he find a rotted scrap , chew it anxiously . ravenous . two feral dog appear , grizzle denizen of the city 's gutter and back - alley , peer with insolent eye . watch he eat . assess he potential as a threat . the creature stare ingenuously back . not know to be afraid . the lead dog curl he lip back with a guttural snarl . the creature draw back sharply with a fearful moan . that 's all it take . the dog be on he , snarling and snap , the food tear from he hand . the dog dart away , growl and fight over the scrap . the creature be leave whimper and shake . he push to he foot and hurry in the opposite direction , leg bare and pale beneath the swirl greatcoat , clutching he collar against the cold . he hear a distant clanging . voice ( o.s. ) bring out you deeeaaad ! bring out you deeeaaad ! a death cart clatter slowly past the mouth of the alley , driver ringing he bell . it make no sense to the creature , but it 's a sign of human life . he press on ... ext - town square - day ... and emerge into the square as angle widen . there 's a fair amount of activity . people be still leave the city , though the earlier flood have thin . some citizen be still try to go about they normal life . vendor be call out , sell food . the creature move through the square , unnotice , just another figure mingling with the flow . people trudge along , eye downcast , misery great , pay little attention . the creature pause , sniff the air . a aroma draw he to a vendor 's stand . loave of bread be laid out . he hunch down to smell one , pick it up , bite off a chunk . chew . it 's good . a bigger bite . snatch up more . woman ( o.s. ) here ! what do you think you be do ? the creature glance up . the vendor' wife be within arm 's reach , breath catch in she throat at the sight of he . mouth gape . too stunne to scream . the creature cradle the loaf to he chest , terrify she 's go to take they away . he remember he recent experience with the dog and decide to try out the lesson he learn : he curl he lip back and snarl . he 's reward with a piercing shriek . the creature jump back , startle . this be not the desire effect . the woman scream like she will never stop . he turn to run away ... ... and plow right into the stream of refugee . he go sprawling , scraping he knee bloody , still clutching he loaf . confusion all around . people converge angrily . a rough man grab he hair , jerk he upright ... rough man stupid bastard ! ... and the creature stagger to he foot before they , whimper to protect he food , show he face to all . scream and panic . the creature whip around , see horrify face on all side ... he 's the cholera ! he 's the one be spreadin ' the plague ! ... face which turn into a angry mob , glaring sheer hatred . somebody hit he in the face with a heavy stick , spin he to the ground , loaf of bread scatter . they surround he , hit , flail , throw stone . he try to crawl , whimper for they to stop . vendor' wife burn he ! burn he ! the creature find himself hoist into the air , fall back onto a sea of hand , kick and scream as the mob sweep he across the square like some pagan sacrifice . he get toss onto the hard cobblestone in a thrashing heap , scramble to he knee as the crowd surround he . he 's wail with terror now , long inhuman howl of fear . Men start fling lamp oil , spattering he , blind he . a torch be light , swing toward he . feel the heat . the creature lunge to he foot , panic and terror complete bulldoze through the crowd to get away from the torch , bowl people over , scatter they in all direction . he break free , hobbling wildly across the square , greatcoat billow . the mob stream after he , thirsty for blood , hurl rock and stick . ext - street / alley - day the creature be weep as he run , bleed from he many cut and bruise . he turn a corner , collapse against a wall to catch he breath . he can hear they come , shouting . they will be here any second . he see a death cart heape with body . he hurl himself up on the cart to conceal himself among the putrefy corpse . the crowd stream past the mouth of the alley . the death cart worker appear , heaving another corpse onto the cart , gape fearfully at the confusion . they scramble into they seat , snap the rein . the cart rattles off as we dissolve to : ext - STREET - day elsewhere in ingolstadt . death cart and devastation . this part of town be hit hard . body be heape in gutter , stack along the wall . people be huddle in doorway , quaking with sickness and pestilence . cart worker move among they , face shroud with kerchief and burlap mask . worker # 1 move down a row of the sick and dead , shaking they to see which be which , he face hide behind heavy burlap . he pause , see Victor unconscious against the wall , pale and cover with filth , shaking with fever . the worker 's eye widen . stun . he call over he shoulder : worker # 1 over here ! worker # 2 hurry over . stare down . eye also widen . worker # 2 oh my God . Worker # 1 rip he mask away . it 's Henry . he lean down and grab Victor , try to rouse he . henry Victor ! Worker # 2 also sweep he mask aside . Professor krempe . krempe do not dawdle , lad ! the sick cart ! lift on three ! one , two , three ! they hoist Victor off the ground by he arm and leg and carry he into the street . Victor rouse , feel himself be carry . he see a death cart loom ahead , stack with heaps of reek dead . stare . wait . victor ( delirious , struggle ) no ... no ... I be not dead ... please ... do not put I on the cart ! I be not dead ! I be not dead ! i'm not dead ! angle widen up as they carry he kick and scream past the death cart and on across the square ... wipe to : ext - Mass cemetery - day a death cart rattles past , bear its load . pan with it to reveal a scene utterly dante-esque . here 's where the dead be bring to be burn en masse . fire be burn . smoke be drift in thick cloud , obscure the sky . soot be drift like black snow . body be dumped into a slit - trench , roll and tumble in heaps . barrel be kick over . stream of oil come pour down , splash and soaking . one of the corpse move , heaving the other aside . the creature gaze around , terrify once again at the smell of oil . he know what that mean . he push free , clamber over body , desperately try to scramble from the trench , loose soil crumble under he fingertip ... on the lip of the trench ...as worker prepare to light the blaze . a man turn toward the trench with a burn torch ... and then the creature erupt from the trench of dead body right before big eye , the man scream . the creature scream even louder , cower back . the man hurl the torch . the creature duck as it go spin over he head into the trench . WA - booom ! a massive wall of flame punch sky -ward . the creature whirl , stunne at the searing heat , arm throw up in horror . he flee , scatter the worker as he go , run from this ghastly place of flame and death ... dissolve to : ext - wood - day the creature come blunder into view . on the move . he know not where . just away , he arrive at a pond . Water . he 's thirsty . he scramble to water 's edge , start lap it up with he hand . he pause , notice he break reflection . the water settles and he face come clearly into view . he throw he hand up and shriek , terrify at he own reflection ... ... and then he realize it 's he down there . he stir the water with he fingertip to make sure . he reach up , touch he face , utterly horrify at the sight of it ... ... and utterly heartbroken . he drop he face into he hand and weep helplessly . barking dog in the distance . he look up , think they be after he . a moan of grief . he push to he foot . tracking the creature faster and faster through the tree , run from this world he 's be bear into . gasp for breath . crash through branch . the barking draw closer . he hurl himself into a thicket , scramble to hide himself , cover himself with dead leave . panic. exhaustion . mortal terror . he flinch as something come crashing through the brush nearby . the leg of a doe come into view . stagger . falling . thrash down into a cushion of dead leave . two arrow protrude from she heaving side . a tiny fawn stumble into view on ungainly leg , mouth open , froth with exhaustion and terror . wait for he mother to rise . her thrashing grow weaker . dying . the creature moan at the sight . the fawn turn , meet he gaze . a extend beat . a rush of empathy . the creature reach out . the fawn take a few hesitant step toward he . the barking draw closer . hunter shouting . the creature 's fingertip make contact with the fawn ... a pack of the biggest , nastiest staffordshire terrier you have ever see throw themselves howling and snarling onto the doe , savaging she like whirling dervish , the creature let out a shriek , snatch up the fawn as he lunge to he foot , crash off through the foliage with the fawn cradle to he chest . the dog take off after he . dollying the creature running full - tilt , shrieking in terror all the way . try to save the fawn . try to save himself . the dog be snap at he heel , try to sever he hamstring and bring he down . he hear rushing water ahead , crash headlong through a thicket ... ext - river - day ... and sail scream into empty space , twist and spin as he fall , plummete head - first into the rapid . the dog be leave behind . the creature get sweep along , gasp and choke , carome off huge boulder , fawn still clutch protectively to he chest . finally the water start to settle . he manage to lash out and secure a handhold . he pull himself up , clamber over the rock and staggering onto firm soil . he collapse to he knee , drip water and heaving for breath . he lower the fawn away from he chest , joyous at they escape ... only to realize the small animal be limp and lifeless in he hand . he crush it to death try to save it . he lay it down , moan , try to understand . angle widen up into the tree as we dissolve to : wood - dusk tilt down to reveal a solitary figure in a greatcoat trudging across the sodden countryside under a dismal , darken sky . cold . hungry . wet. tire . the creature pause , hearing faint music drift on the breeze : the lovely flute- like sound of a recorder . he slog to the crest of a ridge . there 's a small house in the valley below . a peasant dwelling . smoke drift from the chimney . that 's where the music come from ( a simple and plaintive rendition of we movie 's waltz / love theme ) . the creature proceed down the ridge ... draw by the music and the promise of warmth . house - day the creature approach cautiously . furtive . he ease to a window , catch a glimpse inside , draw back . listen . the tune end . we hear the pleasant murmur of voice . footstep come clumping across the floor . the creature reel back and dive around the side of the house as the door unlatch and swing open . felix exit , a poor man try to scratch a honest live from the soil . he head in the same direction as the creature ... another angle ... and walk around the corner of the house just as the creature scramble from view behind the chicken coops . the creature watch through the wire and wood as Felix approach and stop , only he leg visible . feed be scattered through the wire . the chicken begin to eat . the creature back up pigsty - dusk ... and find himself in the company of pig . the animal grunt and squeal in alarm . felix ( o.s. ) yes , yes , I be come ... the creature scurries further back into the shadow as Felix 's foot stop just outside . a pail be upend . slop pour into the trough . Felix walk away . the pig scurry to eat . the creature lean forward intently . food ? he crawl to the trough and squeeze in among the pig . they jostle , but he jostle right back , want he fair share . he lap up the slop with he finger , dribble it down he chin . not much on taste , but it 's edible . he stop , hearing the recorder music again , turn toward the sound . he follow it , crawl back into the darkest recess where the sty adjoin the wall of the house . he place he eye to a chink between the log ... ... and see grandfather play the instrument near a fireplace of glow ember . the creature shift for another view , see the family prepare the table for dinner . Felix and he wife marie be help by they child , maggie and thomas , age 6 and 8 marie bring grandfather to the table . the old man stop play as the child scurry over . as maggie help he to he foot , Thomas toss another log on the fire . it blaze up . Fire and spark . in the pigsty , the creature draw back with a fearful moan ... ... that nobody but grandfather hear , he pause to gaze blindly toward the wall , eye milky with cataract , wonder what it might have be . probably nothing . he let the child lead he toward the table . the meal be bring from the stove and ladle out . the creature ease back to the chink in the wall , smell it from here . a string of drool spill from he mouth . it 's humble fare , not very appetizing , but it look like a feast compare to pig slop ... dissolve to : int - victor' bedroom - night Victor lie sleep . wrestling with troubled dream . in a eerie echo of before : the door creak open in a spill of light . a shadow enter , creep to the bed , fall across he face . Victor 's eye fly open . he try to erupt from bed , choke on a scream ... and Henry wrestle he back to the pillow to feel he clammy forehead . henry thank God you fever break . ( offer he water ) slowly , now . just a sip . ( Victor sip , fall back ) I have be worried we might lose you . it 's be touch - and - go for a week . victor a ... week ? henry we fear cholera . turned out to be pneumonia , bring on by nervous exhaustion and some idiot run around in a storm . victor be that you diagnosis ? henry mine and Professor krempe 's . ( off he look ) we have be trading off nursing you in shift . the rest of the time we be out work with the cholera victim . it 's he turn for that just now . victor you have be go round - the-clock ? henry we catch a few hour sleep where we can . usually here at you bedside . victor ( deeply move ) everything in moderation , clerval . henry nothing in moderation , frankenstein . Victor take Henry 's hand . squeeze it . henry it 's the down - and - out I pity most . that who can not fend for themselves . they will be dead by the thousand before this be do . they do not stand a chance out there . victor ( think of he creation ) no . they do not . henry Victor . this place look like a charnel house . what go on here ? Victor pause , too emotional to respond . softly : victor I want to go home . beat . Henry accept this , though he do not like it . henry it will be month before you be well enough . meantime , you family must be frantic not hearing from you . Henry grab a stack of letter from the nightstand . henry I find this . some of the postmark go back nine month . ( slap they on the bed ) why do not you open they ? and when you have the strength , have the decency to ease they mind with a reply . soon as the city end quarantine , I will even mail it for you . along with this . ( raise the locket ) it 's a beautiful gift . do she no good lie here . Henry leave he alone to wrestle with he guilt . Victor be sweep with emotion and remorse . he close he eye . softly : victor it can not survive . int - pigsty - day the creature and the pig be sleep in a heap . he rouse , scatter they , crawl to the slat of the sty . Felix be return wearily from the field with a large basket on he back . the creature move to he chink in the wall to see Felix enter the house and dump the basket out for Marie . a pathetic array of potato and turnip . felix not much to look at . even less to eat . I do not how we be go to get through the winter with this yield . marie we will sell another pig at market . felix one less for we . marie we will make do . we always have . he sink into a chair , weigh by worry . she move to comfort he , cradling he head to she breast . he return she embrace , draw strength . a tender , gentle moment . the creature watch , puzzle and empathetic , deeply move by she sympathy . Felix gather himself , wipe he eye . felix I will see if I can scratch a few more out of the ground . he hoist the basket and exit . the creature turn to watch Felix trudging back toward the field . ext - field - day Felix dig for potato , tilling as he go . back -break work . Thomas provide what help he can . some distance away , maggie and grandfather be tend the cow . angle shift to reveal the creature watch from the bramble ... int - pigsty - night the creature watch the family eat they dinner . potato and turnip . a glimmer of understanding in he eye . ext - house - night a long shadow loom toward the dwelling ... circle the house ... approach the shed . basket and tool ... ext - field - night we find the creature work by the light of a refulgent moon , hack away at the soil , tilling the earth ... int - pigsty - dawn the creature stir , hearing movement within the house . he scurries to the slat of the sty and peer out . all the basket from the tool shed be stack to overflow before the door . the door open . Felix step out and trip on a basket , sprawling to the ground in a torrent of potato and turnip . he sit up , gaze in wonder . int - pigsty - night a sliver of warm light spill through the chink in the wall . the creature loom into frame , busily munch a raw potato . a pig come snuffling at he elbow . he shove he away . go find you own . Inside , the family be enjoy a much more generous meal than the last one : grandfather I wish we could thank we benefactor . felix nothing in this life come free of cost . I would like to know who and why . maggie it 's the good Spirit of the forest . felix who 's be fill you head ? grandfather it do no harm . felix ( peer at he ) oh , I see . thomas be it , papa ? be it the good Spirit ? Felix and Marie exchange a look . he 's not as amused as she be , but let it go . she smile at the child . marie of course it be . now finish you food before it get cold . ext - pond - day grandfather sit play he recorder . the cow be graze at a distance . the creature creep into view , listen to the music . grandfather sense he presence . turn . grandfather who 's there ? Felix ? Children ? no response . he turn back . unsettle . continue play . int - pigsty - night the creature watch Marie instruct the child in they letter . a half dozen word be write in chalk on a slate board . maggie be try to puzzle one out : maggie ff..reh..nn..nd. friend ? friend . marie good ! and now the next creature ( mimick the effort ) ...freh ...nnn..nd . freehhnnnd . he 's delighted to have uttere he first word . ext - wood - day Felix be chopping length of wood , dull by the task . the child be stack the wood on a litter . ext - field - dusk Felix and the child walk home . the litter of wood be be drag by they cow ... ext - house - dusk Felix stack the last pile of wood under the eave . Marie meet he at the door , take he hand . marie you hand be bleed again . come in . I will rub liniment . they go inside . the door close . camera push to the pigsty . eye peer out . ext - wood - night the creature walk along , munch a turnip , axe sling over he shoulder , mutter : creature .brread ... motherrr ... frriend ... ( stop , gaze up ) treeeeee . ext - house - morning the wall around the house be stack impossibly high with cord of wood . Felix and Marie gaze out the door . stun . felix what be go on here ? int - victor' garret - night snow be drift outside the tall dormer window . we find Victor at he desk , read a letter : victor " ... but it 's be so long since I have hear from you . remember the vow we take the night you leave ? you must be honest with I if you feeling have change . answer for the sake of we friendship , and both we future happiness . " ( pause ) she write that four month ago . angle shift to include Henry . he 's be listen . henry a woman like that be far too rare to be take lightly . Victor ponder the letter . he lay it next to the locket , pull out a sheet of paper and quill , begin to write ... int - pigsty - night the creature observe another lesson . six more word be chalk on the board . Thomas be struggle with the first : thomas ch...uur- ch . Church . creature ch...uuu...ch. marie good . and the next . thomas fl...oww . creature floww ... and then , amazingly , the creature finish the word before Thomas do : creature ... wwer. flower . thomas ... wer. flower ? marie very good ! maggie . try the next . now the creature beat maggie to the punch : creature garrr ... denn . Garden . thomas Maria ! look ! it 's snow ! the child crowd to the window . the creature turn , peer through the slat . White flake drift magically down . the door fly open , the child pour out . the adult appear in the doorway : marie maggie ! Thomas ! you will catch you death ! grandfather let they play . there 's plenty of wood for the fire . felix ( shoot she a look ) he 's right about that . before she can react , he grab she by the waist and drag she shriek out into the snow . before you know it , a wild snowball fight ensue . scream and laughter . the creature watch he family cavort in the snow , have the time of they life . his face light up with a smile . softly : creature it 's snnowwinng . ext - house - day Bright sunshine sparkles off a fresh carpet of snow . Felix and the child be head out , spirit high . Felix have he axe and a coil of rope sling over he shoulder . ext - wood - day tracking Felix and the child . they be laugh and joke , the kid playful and giggle . the creature shadow they , loom and darting among the tree , along for the excursion . happy as a kid himself . maggie and Thomas hurl themselves to the ground , thrashing they arm and leg in the snow . they jump to they foot and hurry to catch up with Felix . the creature peer out , amaze to see two snow - angel in the powder at he foot . up ahead , maggie point to a 6 - foot fir tree . maggie that one ! it 's the most beautiful tree I have ever see ! Felix shrug off he coil of rope and start chopping . int - pigsty - night the creature gaze through the chink in the wall , face light up with wonder . Inside , the tree be a dazzle vision of ornament and light . the house be fill with joy and laughter . grandfather play he recorder by a roaring fire creature most beautiful ... tree ... the kid go dash across the room . the creature shift to the slat as the door open , throw a spill of warm light . the child set something out in the snow . maggie call out into the darkness : maggie merry Christmas ! the door close . the creature creep from he sty , scurries closer to investigate . he find a cover plate top with a glitter red silk flower as decoration . the slate board be jamme in the snow . on it be chalk a child 's rendering of a glow angel and a message : creature for the ... goood spirr-rit ... of the ... forr-rest . he snatch up the plate , scurries around the side of the house , and hunker down near the tool shed with he prize . he pluck the red silk flower , enchant by it , tuck it gingerly into a inner coat pocket . he uncover the plate to reveal a wonderful array of Christmas cookie . he 's not sure what they be , but they do not smell half bad . he pick one up and bite into it . he pause , stunne , eye go wide as saucer . a whine build in he throat . he start huffing air as he chew , mouth gape , mind thoroughly blow . screw potato and turnip . ext - house - morning the child race out the door to find the plate empty . and a big snow - angel wait for they in the yard , int - pigsty - night the creature watch the family cluster around the fire . Marie read a book aloud : marie ... with particle of heavenly fire , the God of nature do he soul inspire ... and pliant still the ethereal energy which wise prometheus tempere into paste ... the creature lean back into the shadow , grapple with the concept of book . he reach into the pocket of the greatcoat , and pull out what 's be there all along : Victor 's Journal . so that 's what this be . a book . he unwind the thong , riffle the page . letter fall , scatter from the page . he pick one up by the corner , turn he head this way and that . slowly : creature myyy darrllnng vic...tor ... willee haaad hiss burrth -dayyy . I wissh ... yooo cuud huvv be ... herre ... to sharre ut ... withh ... ussss ... ext - grandfather' pond - day grandfather sit play he recorder . again , the creature approach to listen . grandfather stop . turn . grandfather I know you be there . ( wait for a response ) wo not you speak to I ? the creature study grandfather for a time . the old man wait . finally start to play again . the creature find a spot to listen . he open Victor 's journal . camera push slowly in as he puzzle over it ... int - pigsty - day ... and we continue pushing slowly in as the creature read : creature ...of sscience ... and to c-create ... a be ... in the image of man ... assemble ffrrom ... the ... dead bodieess I have ... gatherr ... he turn the page and discover he own rough likeness : it 's Victor 's sketch of he patchwork man . the rendering include suture mark where the piece be join . the creature gaze for a long time . his finger trace the pencile suture - line where a arm join the torso . eye go wider . revelation slowly dawn . no . it can not be . it 's too horrible to conceive ... ... and he drop the journal , claw at he coat in a surge of panic , wrenching it away to reveal he arm ... and the massive suture scar join he shoulder to he torso in a exact match to the draw . he throw he head back in a animalistic primal scream , face twisted in a mask of utter horror , munch 's painting make flesh ... in the wood ... and he scream echoe across the countryside , Felix turn from chopping wood . his family gather , eye wide , listen to the sound trail off . softly : felix God in heaven . in the pigsty a massive hand rip the page from the journal , raise it in a clench fist . angle widen to reveal the creature huddle in a corner , drop he head into he arm to hide he face . sunlight throw streak of light and shadow through the slat . he sob , wrack with despair as we fade to : ext - valley - day the house be distant below . Felix and he family be head out across the field now sparse with snow , herding the cow before they . only grandfather be miss . the gentle music of the recorder drift up from the house . angle widen to reveal the creature hunkere on a hill . watch . wait . the family dwindle in the distance . int - house - day for the first time , we actually see the inside of the house from a perspective other than through the chink in the wall . grandfather be by the fire , play he recorder . the creature 's face appear at a window . peer in . he duck from view , appear at another window . make sure the house be otherwise empty . he vanish again . the door swing silently open . his figure fill the doorway . grandfather stop play . silence . grandfather would you like to sit by the fire ? the creature enter . sit . hold he hand toward the ember , feel the warmth . creature Nice . grandfather the music ? or the fire ? grandfather offer he the recorder . the creature hesitates , take it , inept where such delicacy be require . he put it to he misshapen lip and blow a few hollow tone . he give it back , huffing air , delighted . grandfather I be glad you finally come to the door . a man should not have to scurry in the shadow . creature better that way ... for I . grandfather why ? creature I be ... very , very ugly . people be afraid . except you . grandfather ( smile ) it can not be as bad as that . creature ( soft ) worse . the old man-reach for he face . the creature draw back . grandfather I can see you with my hand . if you will trust I . the creature decide to trust . he ease forward . grandfather run he finger over he feature . gently : grandfather you be a outcast . creature yes . I have be seek my friend . grandfather Friends ? do they live around here ? creature yes . very close grandfather why do you not go to they ? the creature pause . emotion swirl . afraid to continue . creature I have be ... afraid . afraid ... they will hate I ... because I be so very ugly ... and they be so very beautiful grandfather ( softly ) people can be kinder than you think . creature I be afraid . grandfather reach out and take the creature 's hand . grandfather perhaps I can help . tell I who . the creature be huffing air , breath hitching in he chest like a panic child . his monstrous eye well up with tear . try to get the word out : creature I love they ... so very much . I want ... I want ... they to be my ff-family . I ii - ilove they ss - so very mm - mm - mmuch ... the creature pause . try to get the word out . and the door swing open . the creature whip he head . there stand maggie . eye go wide . breath catch in she throat . she let out a ear-splitt shriek ! the creature throw himself on the old man' lap , clutching he , plead : creature do not let they hate I ! Felix burst in , shove maggie aside , hell break loose in scream , holler chaos : Marie try to get the child out of the way , Felix throw himself on the creature to rip he off the old man , the creature sprawling to the floor , the old man shouting , the child shrieking , Felix snatching , up the fireplace poker and swinging it down , again and again , try to kill the thing ... grandfather leave he alone ! ... the creature scream and take the blow , writhe across the floor in agony , the child scatter from he plead hand . the creature roll from under the brutal beat and sail out the door . ext - wood - day the creature run bleed and sobbing , a specter sailing among the tree with greatcoat billow like huge dark wing . running from the horrify scream of rejection still echoing in he mind . ext - wood - day a snowscape . Stark tree . a figure in a greatcoat . head bow with misery . lean against a tree . try to catch he breath . can not . crying too hard . he sink to he knee , hand clutch bitterly to he heaving chest . wonder why the anguish do not stop he heart in mid-beat . a realization . he pull the little red silk flower from the inside pocket . it lie glitter in he huge , misshapen palm like gentle magic . or hope . yes . house - dusk the sky be brewing . the creature run across the courtyard toward the house , breathless , hold he palm out . see ? here 's the flower you give I . do not you understand ? creature it 's I ! it 's mmmmeeeeee ! nothing . he glance around . the pig be go . chicken too . the creature 's eye go wide . he dash to the house house - dusk ... and burst in to find it empty . item have be scattered and leave behind . book , clothes , even the old man 's recorder . they leave in a hurry . creature ...no . house - night we hear furniture crashing , glass shatter , shelf be rip from wall . a faint glow kick up . flame rise within . the creature exit with a flame torch , spin back to watch . he have new possession : a armload of book jamme in a satchel , some extra clothes on he body , the old man 's recorder jamme in he belt . a howling wind whip up , billow he coat and hair , fan the flame even higher . he raise he torch , howling along with the wind , reflect fire seethe in he eye , exulting as the house be consume ... dissolve to : mont blanc - day massive pale gray foot walk through the snow . angle widening to reveal a lone , windswept figure traversing the glacier with a walk staff . struggle toward the crest of a ridge . greatcoat billow in a freezing wind . the creature rise from below the crest and gaze down . glowering with triumph at achieve he goal . softly : creature geneva . aerial shot sweep up the slope of the glacier like the wind itself , rise magnificently past the tiny figure stand on the ridge , sailing up over the crest ... to reveal the valley and lake of geneva below . dissolve to : int - victor' garret - day ( spring ) sunlight stream through the dormer window . bird twitter on the ledge outside . the tree be in bloom . Victor stand dress and ready to go , take one last pensive look around at the now -empty garret . Henry appear : henry we carriage be here . ext - ingolstadt CITY gate - day bustle with activity . hopeful . a traffic snarl be jamme up in both direction , wait to get in and out of the city . people , carriage , wagon , goods . we find Professor and mrs . krempe say goodbye to Victor and Henry : mrs . krempe ( watch the gate ) such a terrible winter . I will praise God to see that gate open again . krempe I will have all you thing send on . they should arrive soon after . ( Victor nod ) it 's be a rough time , lad . for we all . but if you would like to come back and finish out you final term once university re-open ... a roar go up from the crowd . the gate be finally open as soldier swing they aside . the traffic start to flow . Victor turn back to krempe , nod gratefully . victor thank you , Professor . for everything . krempe be flustered as Victor give he a awkward hug . krempe write and let we know you have arrive safely . Victor break the embrace . he and Henry clamber into the carriage . softly : victor take I home , my friend . Henry signal the driver . the rein snap . the carriage lurch away , ease into the flow of traffic as we dissolve to : ext - frankenstein estate - day William , now 10 , come charge up the step with a small package under he arm , nearly bowl over Mrs. Moritz as he sail past she holler he head off : william he's coming home ! int - parlor - day Willie careen into the parlor , where Elizabeth and Justine be entertaining friend . william Elizabeth ! Justine ! Father enter , trail by household staff . father what 's all the fuss ? why be you shouting ? william he 's come home ! tonight ! elizabeth who ? Victor ? william that 's what I be tell you ! elizabeth ( sweep with relief ) thank God . Willie thrust the package into she hand . she hesitates father open it . Willie scramble to bring she the letter opener . Elizabeth lay the package down , slit it open . Willie peer in . Elizabeth pull the locket out to the admiration of all . she press the catch . the locket pop open to reveal waldman 's miniature oil painting . william it 's Victor ! justine it 's beautiful ! May I ? ( take the locket ) he look so handsome . Elizabeth pull out the letter . apprehension and hope . she begin to read . the other watch she . wait . her face light up , blink back tear . she remember to breathe . father what do it say ? elizabeth let this locket be a token of the vow we take the night I leave . ( beat ) he 's come home to marry I . instant pandemonium and joy ... except from Justine , whose heart quietly break . Father and the other roar with approval while Willie jump and shout : william married ! the two of you ? father brilliant ! I know it ! ever since you be child ! justine ( softly ) that 's wonderful . she hand the locket back . she slip quietly from the room , unnotice by the other ... int - entryway - day and hurry down the hall , fight back tear . resume parlor as Elizabeth be sweep up in congratulatory conversation . Willie grab the locket , admire it : william Elizabeth ? can I take this to show Peter ? elizabeth Willie , it 's not a toy for you friend . william I will take extra special care , I promise ! Pete 's never see what Victor look like ! he will admire it enormously ! Willie 's so solemn and earnest that Elizabeth have to smile . elizabeth do not dawdle . it will be dark in a few hour . the boy take off like a shot . Father throw he arm around Elizabeth , announce to all : father join we for champagne ! my son be come home ! ext - frankenstein estate - late day geese scatter as Willie come racing across the grounds . he clamber over a low fence , head into the mile of wood acreage behind the house . his favorite shortcut . ext - countryside - late day Willie hurry / dawdle along as kid do , the precious locket clutch in he hand , admire it . he can not get over the fact that he brother 's finally come home . he pause , hearing faint tone carry on the breeze , eerie and flute-like . a recorder . curious , he follow the sound further and further into the wood ... ext - pond - late day ... and come into view of the pond . there 's a figure sit half - conceal among the tall reed , gaze off across the water and play he delicate wind instrument with oddly - pleasing dissonance ( again , a simple variation of we familiar waltz / love theme . ) Willie draw closer . curious . not want to intrude , but listen to the music . the figure in the reed still have not notice he ... ... and then he head abruptly whip around , a ogre right out of a storybook . Willie 's eye go wide . the locket drop from he finger into the dust . the boy turn and run as the monster in the reed lunge to its foot : creature wait ! do not be afraid ! the boy keep run . the creature come shambling up from the pond , still call after he . he pick up the drop object . as he rise , he find himself stare at the locket . at the small painting it contain . Victor frankenstein . he raise he gaze after the flee boy . maybe Willie do have reason to be afraid . the creature start after he , locket clench in he fist , tooth grind in great and great rage . eye wild . there feet go pound through the bramble and brush . the terrify boy . the pursue monster . faster and faster ... int - frankenstein kitchen - dusk whirl with activity . Mrs. Moritz supervise the staff . Elizabeth and Justine be help with the preparation . Justine turn with a platter , collide with one of the kitchen staff . carrot go fly . mrs . moritz Justine ! pay attention ! justine ( tight ) yes , mother . elizabeth ( pull she aside ) be you all right ? justine ( even tighter ) Fine . Justine see genuine concern . she soften : justine I will be all right . really . Father enter with Claude . both man worried . father have you see Willie ? elizabeth be he not back yet ? father Claude ride over there to see if hold lose track of time . they say he never arrive . elizabeth it 's far too late for he to still be out . ext - mansion - dusk Elizabeth exit with the other claude do not worry , monsieur , we will find he . he rush to gather the man . Elizabeth gaze off . wind kick up . night approach . almost too dark to see . ext - countryside / wood - night a massive search in progress . people be scour the field on horse and on foot , shouting Willie 's name . Elizabeth enter frame , call out : elizabeth willie ! lightning dance on the horizon . a storm approach . ext - wooded area - night the stark black silhouettes of tree trunk bisect the frame in foreground as Justine approach from the field , lantern hold high ... justine willie ! ... and one of the " tree trunk " turn out not to be . it dart abruptly across frame with a billow of flap greatcoat , Justine enter the wood . a flash of lightning send shadow skitter among the tree ... ext - road to mansion - night ... and the storm be now a raging downpour , tilt down to reveal a coach clatter through the rain . int - coach - night Victor be peer out the window flap . victor there ! look ! Henry crane to look . a lightning flash stutter the mansion briefly to life a few hundred yard down the road , henry quite a place . victor thank you , Henry . henry for what ? victor this . my home . my family . ( softly ) if not for you , I would be dead in a burial pit somewhere . Henry smile , squeeze he shoulder . the carriage lurch violently , toss they forward . ext - coach - night Victor jump from the coach as the driver wrestle he rear horse under control and point . Victor turn . Elizabeth stand in the downpour like a ghost . drenched to the bone . weeping from the depth of she soul . holding Willie in she arm . the boy 's arm hang limp , he head dangle back . Victor start forward , stunne , unable to comprehend , run faster and faster ... victor Elizabeth ? ... and now other be converge on the scene , dark scream figure in the storm . Victor reach she first as the other crowd around in a panic of confusion , crush and jostling as she collapse into Victor 's arm , all of they cradling Willie , and then Father be there , shove he way through , -- see he dead boy and collapse in the muck with a scream , and suddenly Henry be there shouting for the man to lift he and everybody be scramble and scream as we smash CUT to : int - mansion - father' bedroom - morning silence . all we hear now be the soft ticking of a clock . Henry tenderly minister to Father , who lie gravely ill . int - parlor - morning Elizabeth be sit . elbow cross . holding herself together . face ashen . daze . still in shock . Mrs. Moritz be nearby , look much the same . eye swim with tear . mrs . moritz sir. I be terrify for my girl . victor ( softly ) we will organize another search now that it 's light enough . we will find she , Mrs. Moritz , I promise . Henry come downstairs . he and Victor confer in whisper then approach Elizabeth . Victor crouch before she . elizabeth what be Father 's outlook ? henry I be cautiously hopeful . with quiet and proper care he may eventually regain some or most of he strength . Victor squeeze she hand . Comfort and strength . elizabeth thank you , Henry . there 's a knocking at the front door . int - entryway - morning Victor open the door . policemen hover outside . face grim . policeman # 1 Mr. frankenstein . we have apprehend the murderer . not five mile from here , hide in a barn . victor who be it ? the policeman trade uneasy glance . policeman # 2 it 's very unsettle , sir . and quite strange . perhaps you would better come with we . int - jail cell - day Victor be lead in by policeman . the jailer unlock the cell . Victor enter as the man depart . Victor be alone , stare at a figure huddle in the corner , pool in shadow . we get the impression of long , dangle hair . the figure stir ... female voice Victor ? ... and lean into the light . Justine . pale. daze . scare justine Victor ! it 's you ! thank God ! she rush to he , throw herself into he arm . he react stiffly , not at all sure he want she touch he . justine be it true ? what they say about Willie ? be it true ? victor yes . she dissolves into tear . barely able to breathe . justine Willie . my poor little angel . ( look up ) Victor ! they think I do it ! victor do you ? Justine pause . stun . her eye on he . here 's the deep betrayal ever experience . her heart turn to ash . justine ( low ) I do not believe ... I be in need of you comfort ... anymore . victor ( a whisper ) do you , Justine ? beat . she haul off and slap he hard enough to rock he head around . then she slap he again . harder . justine get out ! int - courtroom - day the courtroom be pack . Justine sit accuse . a older kitchen maid be on the stand . kitchen maid I find she sobbing she eye out . poor thing , I say , what 's all this ? and she spill she heart to I about master Victor . how she would always love he , and now he be come home to marry mistress Elizabeth . a murmur sweep the courtroom . Victor and Elizabeth share a stunne glance . kitchen maid she cry and cry about the beautiful locket he would send . how she wish it be hers . she swore I never to tell a soul . ( peer at Justine ) that be before the boy go miss , a'course . int - courtroom - day Victor be on the stand : victor I always view she with brotherly affection . I have no idea of she feeling for I . prosecutor rejection can be a powerful wound . people have be know to do uncanny thing . victor but to commit so ghastly and terrible a crime against a child she love ? Victor pause , gnaw by some vague intuition . he look to Justine . she gaze back , she feeling hide . softly : victor it 's hard to believe . int - courtroom - day Elizabeth be on the stand : elizabeth Justine and I grow up as sister . I know she better than anybody . defending counsel do you think it possible she commit this crime ? elizabeth William be as much she child as mine . we be both mother to he . ( beat ) I believe she would sooner have strangle the life from she own body . defending counsel then you consider the charge without merit . elizabeth I consider the charge imbecilic . int - court room - day Justine be now on the stand : justine yes . I take refuge in the barn . would not you ? lose in the storm ? freeze and wet ? I be exhaust and could search no longer . prosecutor and be it true , miss Moritz , that you love Victor frankenstein ? that you heart be break ? ( off she silence ) answer the question . do you love Victor frankenstein ? her gaze wander to Victor , eye lock on he . stare back , trap . justine I have always love he . prosecutor be it also not true that you murder he brother William in a misdirect crime of passion ? justine murder Willie ? in my heart , he be we child . Victor 's and mine . such a thing could never have enter my mind . prosecutor so you have claim . yet you have no explanation for this . ( hold up the locket ) the locket last see in the hand of the poor murder child be find hide in you dress the morning follow the murder . the locket you so covete . ( lean close ) how do it come to be in you possession ? justine I have no knowledge of that . ext - field - day a pair of feet drop heavily in frame . thump -crack ! a shoe fly off . the crowd gasp . Mrs. Moritz collapse wailing to the ground . Elizabeth drop to she side to comfort she . Victor just stand stare . angle widen to reveal Justine dangle from the noose , neck break , hand bound and foot still twitching . ext - same field - night another eerie echo of before : a storm be raging . the body dangle from the scaffold , lash by wind and rain . Victor loom from the darkness , stare . and then a massive white hand thrust into frame and grab he shoulder . Victor whirl and find himself stare up into the last face he ever expect to see again , the hideous necrotic feature bath in a purple / white glare of lightning . he scream as the creature lash out , grab he by the coat , draw he breathlessly closer , inch by inch , eyeball - to - eyeball , grin he awful rictus grin . softly : creature frankenstein . Victor be speechless with horror . the creature raise he arm , point with a impossibly long and bony finger . look there . Victor do . lightning dance in the sky , illuminate mont blanc with a crackle halo of electricity ... and then the creature be go , vanish like a shadow in the darkness . Victor fall gasp . the awful truth dawn . he rise , gaze at the scaffold , horrify . victor oh god. oh God ! no! nooooooo ! scream now , rush to the scaffold , throw he arm around the innocent girl dangle there , slide down , sink to he knee , weep helplessly : victor oh god. Justine . forgive I . int - mansion - study - dawn Victor pull a carve box from a shelf . open it . lying inside in they velvet cradle be a gorgeous pair of model 1820 collier flintlock revolver . mansion - dawn Victor be bundle in a rough coat , pack final supplies on a horse hold by Claude . Elizabeth be at he heel . victor my mind be not play trick . he be there in the storm ... gloat over he crime ... challenging I to come . elizabeth but why risk yourself ? have not this family suffer enough ? victor I have no choice elizabeth if what you say be true , it be a matter for the police ! victor they have do a fine job . hanging a innocent for the crime of a fiend . he ram the rifle into its scabbard , turn to she . elizabeth ( softly ) do you know this man ? be there something between you ? victor I know only that he be a killer . and I shall bring back he carcass . Victor heave himself into the saddle and ride off . tilt up to the mountain . shroud in snow . wait . mont blanc - day a lone horse and rider appear , on he mission of revenge ... Victor ascend the mountain . the mountain be brutal and unforgive . Victor dismount , lead he horse onto the glacier . a bitter wind blow ... they plod on . search . magnificent rugge vista unfold before we eye . primeval and vast ... the horse suddenly spook . Victor calm he . stare . be that a figure down there ? he shade he eye against the cut sleet . somebody in the distance . down there on the snow field . a tiny speck . watch he . the figure start run , leaping across the ice with great bound . right toward Victor . Victor wrench the carve box from the saddle bag . the horse bolt . Victor drop to the snow , throw open the box , frantically snatch up the pair of revolver . he glance up . the figure be go , vanish in drift of white . Victor rise with a revolver in each hand , cock the flintlock of both , turn slowly around . gazing at the rock and crag . search . victor where be you ? he hear nothing but he own voice echoing back ... and then feet crunching through the snow . he turn . the creature be run toward he across the glacier with inhuman speed , greatcoat billow like huge dark wing . Victor raise the first pistol . hesitates . as frighten and angry as he be , a small part of he pause to admire the achievement of actually have create life . he pull the trigger . boom ! a huge flash of powder , a eruption of smoke . the creature dodge the shot , still come . Victor raise the other gun . boom ! another flash of smoke . still the creature come . Victor . frantic . manually spin the cylinder , cock , fire . boom ! a miss . boom ! another miss . spin . cock . firing . boom ! boom ! spin . cock ... ... and the creature be on he , slapping the pistol clean out of he hand . the gun sail through the air , spin off across the ice . Victor panic , turn to run ... and slip over the edge of the precipice . Victor fall scream , arm and leg windmill through a 30 - foot drop ... and slam bodily into a snowdrift . he look up . the creature be peer down ... and leap over the edge to follow , sailing through the air to land before he in a cat- like crouch . he pull Victor from the snow and send he slide across the ice with a mighty heave ... int - ice cave - day ... right into the mouth of a ice - cave , Victor come tumble and slide down the entrance , spin and careen to sprawl heavily to the cave floor . wind . batter . barely able to move . he glance up to see the cave fill with possession . book . provision . extra clothing . the ember of a fire burn low . there be even a rough attempt at furnishings in the form of a few crate . a huge shadow fill the cave entrance . the storybook ogre be come home to he cave , breath huffing like a steam engine . Victor scramble back terrify , press into a corner as the creature enter ... ... but the creature merely cross to the fire and hunker down . he toss a few more stick on the flame . pause . creature come warm yourself if you like . victor you speak . creature yes , I speak . and read . and think ... and know the way of man. ( pause ) I have be wait for you . two month now . victor how do you find I ? the creature grab Victor 's journal off the " shelf . " he unwind the thong , the letter spill out . creature the letter in you journal . that and a geography book . ( pick up a letter ) you Elizabeth sound lovely . victor kill I and have do with it . creature kill you ? hardly that . victor then why be I here ? what do you want with I ? creature more to the point , why be I here ? what do you want with I ? ( off Victor 's look ) what do one say to one 's Maker , have finally meet he face to face ? milton give it voice . ( grab a book , thumb to a certain page ) do I request thee , Maker , from my clay to mould I man ? do I solicit thee from darkness to promote I ? victor Fine word from a child killer . you who murder my brother . creature you crime ... as well as mine . victor how dare you . you be disgusting and evil . creature evil ? ( scurries closer ) do you believe in evil ? victor I see it before I . creature I be not sure I believe . but then I have no one to instruct I . I have no mother ... and my father abandon I at birth . he draw closer still . intimate . turn he head this way and that . puzzle at Victor 's face . softly : creature be the die cry of you brother music in my ear ? he raise he hand before Victor 's eye , bony finger curling to clutch a invisible throat . Victor be petrify creature I take he by the throat with one hand ... lift he off the ground . and slowly crush he neck . ( emotion grow ) that poor , innocent child die in my grip ... because all I could see be you face ... and all I could feel be my rage . and when I let he go , he flutter to the grass like a sparrow ... flashback insert : field the creature gaze down at Willie 's body . he stare at the hand that commit the crime as if waking from a dream . tear welling . overcome with shame and horror . he fall to knee in the middle of the vast field , he wail echoing across the countryside as he weep over the boy . resume ice cave Victor stare in horror as the creature relate he story with tear shine in he monstrous eye . creature later , when they be search , I follow the pretty lady who get lose in the wood ... flashback insert : - barn Justine be asleep in the hay . haggard , wet , exhaust . the creature loom over she , a monstrous shape backlit by the lightning , gaze on she beauty . his hand reach down , hover reverently , wishing to caress the swell of she breast at the neckline of she bodice ... creature ( v.o. ) she be so lovely . I long to touch she ... and seek she sympathy ... the locket drop from he hand to dangle in he finger . he lower it , tucking it gently away in she pocket creature ( v.o. ) ... but I simply return the object which have trigger my crime , hope in some small way to atone ... resume ice cave now tear be shine in victor 's eye as well . creature you give I this emotion , but you do not tell I how to use they . now two people be dead . because of we . Victor be crush by remorse . a sob escape he . creature why , Victor ? why ? what be you think ? victor there be something at work in my soul which I do not understand . creature what of my soul ? do I have one ? or be that a part you leave out ? ( spread he hand ) who be this people of which I be comprise ? good people ? bad people ? victor material . nothing more . creature you be wrong . do you know I know how to play this ? he grab up the recorder , play a brief snatch of melody . creature in which part of I do this knowledge reside ? in this hand ? in this mind ? in this heart ? ( beat ) and read and speak . not thing learn ... so much as thing remember . victor trace memory in the brain , perhaps . creature stolen memory . stolen and hazy . they taunt I in my dream . I have see a beautiful woman lie back and beckone for I to love she . whose woman be this ? I have see boy play , splash about in a stream . whose childhood friend be this ? ( soft , intense ) who be I ? victor ( hollow ) I do not know . creature then perhaps I believe in evil after all . the creature move off . Victor be emotionally exhaust victor what can I do ? creature there be something I want . ( pause ) a friend . victor friend ? creature a companion . a female . like I , so she will not hate I . victor like you ? oh , God , you do not know what you be ask . creature I do know that for the sympathy of one live be , I would make peace with all . ( beat ) I have love in I the like of which you can scarcely imagine . and rage the like of which you would not believe . if I can not satisfy the one , I will demonically indulge the other . that choice be yours . ( off he look ) you be the one who set this in motion , frankenstein . victor and if I consent ? creature we would travel north , my bride and I . to the furthest reach of the pole , where no man have ever set foot . there we would live out we life . together. ( beat ) no human eye would ever see we again . this I vow . pushing slowly in on Victor . consider it . beaten . ext - mont blanc glacier - next morning Victor be calming he skittish horse as the creature loom into view . Victor turn . the creature toss Victor he journal . Victor hesitates , jam it into he saddlebag . creature soon ? victor yes . I want this over and do with . creature I will be wait . and watch . and with that , the creature turn and scramble back down the nearly - vertical cliff face , leaping from crag and boulder with superhuman agility . Victor watch he vanish from sight . ext - mont blanc - day Victor descend the mountain , head back to civilization . ext - frankenstein estate - day Victor walk he horse toward the house . Elizabeth rush out to meet he with Henry and Claude . Victor hand off the rein to the stableboy and embrace Elizabeth tightly . elizabeth I think I would never see you again ! victor I be all right . I be safe , henry what happen up there ? victor I do not find what I be look for . claude what do you find ? Victor glance over . Claude have pull the collier pistol from the saddlebags and catch a strong whiff of powder . claude this have be fire . victor at shadow . my nerve get the better of I . Victor walk on toward the house with Elizabeth ext - garden - day ... and we find they in discussion by the fountain : elizabeth what sort of task ? victor it 's not something I can explain now . perhaps someday . elizabeth what of we marriage ? Victor , we have have so much tragedy . I want this family to live again . victor so do I . elizabeth we need each other now , I need you comfort and strength , not separation and solitude . victor a month at most , that 's all I ask. ( draw close ) Elizabeth , please . thing have not yet resolve . I must take step to see that they do . for we family 's sake . for we sake . ( caress she face ) you be life itself . we shall seal we vow . the moment I be do . he lean forward to kiss she ... and pause , hearing the distant music of a recorder echoing from the hill ... int - bedroom - day Victor sit at bedside , hold Father 's hand . the old man be a weak and frail shadow of he former self . victor you must regain you strength to preside at we wedding ... and spoil you grandchild later on . this be duty you can not shirk . Father smile faintly . Victor squeeze he hand , whisper : victor we be all safe now . I promise int - mansion attic - day murky and dark . Victor enter , yank a dusty curtain off a window to let in some daylight . he pick up a pry bar , approach a stack of crate as if face a old adversary . one in particular be quite large . he ram the bar into the wood , pry it open ... and camera push in to reveal a dull gleam of copper lurking within the pack straw . victor God forgive I . montage : Victor assemble he equipment , recreate the lab ; bolt together the sarcophagus , now rest in its cradle . hanging the huge glass tube , adjust the boom . installing the ceiling track and hoist mechanism . play out the copper wire along the ceiling beam . hook up the galvanic battery and generator . test the electrical circuit with goggle and thick glove , get a huge cascade of spark ... henry ( o.s. ) I pray never to see this again ... Victor turn . Henry stand in the doorway . henry whatever they be . Henry enter , run he hand over the gleam surface of the sarcophagus , circle toward Victor . henry I will not bother ask what or why . you would not tell I anyway . I just hope you know what you be do ... ( draw close ) ... because if this be a repeat of ingolstadt , I will not be around to pick up the piece . camera push past to the Da vinci print on the wall , contact point still daube with red ... ext - cemetery - night camera drift among the tombstone to reveal a eerie sight : someone hunch in a grave , digging madly , dirt fly . we hear the thunk of a shovel hit wood int - coffin - night ... and the lid wrench aside to reveal the creature . he peer down at we , almost close enough to kiss . ext - frankenstein mansion - angle from roof - night the creature nimbly climb the outer wall , finger grasp the brickwork , a dark shape sling over he shoulder . he pause as a pair of stablehand pass far below . he pull himself onto the roof , cross the gable , and push open a dormer window . we see Victor inside as it swing open . the creature enter with he prize ... int - attic - night ... and the mottle corpse of Justine Moritz flop onto the table before we . tilt up to : creature I want she . Victor stare down in utter horror . her cold , dead face . Blue lip already beginning to shrivel . purple , sink eye . know that she love he . know it 's he fault she 's dead . he can barely get the word out : victor why ... she ? creature her body please I . that 's it for Victor . he turn away , stomach heaving . it 's all he can do to keep from throw up . creature material , remember ? nothing more . you word . Victor hesitates , pull himself together . softly : victor my word . he turn back , force himself to examine the body , try not to view it as someone he know . he cradle the head , probing the back of the neck with he finger . victor the brain stem be destroy by the hang . we will need another . the body look like it will do , but some extremity be too decaye . they will have to be replace . the fresher the better . ext - alley - red light district - night outside the back door of a rowdy tavern , we find a prostitute service a sailor in the alley : he 's get she press against the wall , skirt hike up . it 's not long before he 's finish . off he go , staggering back into the bar . she arrange she skirt , tucking the money away ... and pause , notice a tall figure in the shadow . stare . she approach with she best saucy smile : prostitute want some yourself ? or just like to watch ? ( draw close ) what do you say , lover ? I can make it good for you . the creature lean into the light , clamp a massive hand to she mouth . his other arm wrap around she waist , pull she off the ground . she gaze up , eye wide , scream muffle in he palm . softly : creature I know you can . and he wrench he arm , snap she spine . int - attic - night the dead prostitute lie stare up , dry blood stain she mouth . tilt up to Victor gaze down in horror . victor what be this ? creature a brain . extremity . victor this be not take from a grave . creature what do it matter ? she will live again . you will make she . victor no . I draw the line . the creature lash out and drag Victor across the table . creature you will honor you promise to I ! victor ( through gritt tooth ) I will not ! kill I now ! creature that be mild compare to what will come . if you deny I my wedding night . I will be with you on yours . the creature vanish out the attic window into the night . Victor be leave gasp for air , stare at the dead prostitute . the full horror sink in . int - attic staircase - morning Victor slam the attic door , secure it with a massive padlock . he hurry down the step . int - grand ballroom - day Victor and Elizabeth , intensity fly : victor no . not tomorrow , not next week , marry I today . elizabeth why the change ? what about you work ? victor it be misguide and pointless . be you answer yes ? elizabeth it be victor we will leave this afternoon , right after the ceremony . pack only what you need . elizabeth do this have something to do with that man you see ? victor ( hesitates ) yes . we be in danger here . every moment we stay . elizabeth Victor , tell I why ! trust I ! victor I do . but you must trust I for now . int - bedroom - day a small ceremony have be hurriedly organize at Father 's bedside . the old man hold Elizabeth 's hand . softly : father this be not ... the grand wedding ... I have hope to give you ... he release she hand , give the bride away . she take she place at Victor 's side . Henry stand as best man . the priest face they : priest we gather now in the sight of God to witness this man and woman bond they life in matrimonial vow . ext - mansion - day Elizabeth get in the coach . Claude clamber up to the driver 's seat armed with a rifle , ready to pull out . EIGHT men on horseback provide armed escort . Victor address the man stay behind , all of whom be also armed : victor be especially on you guard . stay cautious to a fault . stable hand who be this man , sir ? how shall we know he ? victor he be huge and deform ... and quite insane . claude he kill master William and send Justine Moritz to the noose ! no hesitation , lad ! shoot the bastard on sight ! cry of assent . Victor pull Henry aside : victor be you sure you will be all right ? henry yes , do not worry . I will look after you father . you look after she . victor I will be back as soon as I have get she far away and safe . we will hunt this fiend down together . henry only if you will tell I who he be . victor ( hesitates ) I owe you that . done . a quick embrace . Victor leap into the coach . angle from father' bedroom window the coach clatter up the road , trail by the eight horseman . that leave behind scatter across the courtyard . Henry turn and walk back toward the house . angle widen to reveal the creature at the window . in the bed behind he , the old man stir , open he eye father Victor ? ... and see the creature turn toward he . Father 's eye go wide as he final stroke be trigger . his life end with a prolong death-rattle ... and a soft exhale . the creature reach down , close he eye . a tender gesture . a loud gasp . the creature whirl . there stand the priest , drop he tea to the floor . the creature sweep across the room , press he against the wall . priest ( breathless with horror ) you be the Devil himself . creature yes , and I have come to snatch you soul ... ( lean close ) ... unless you tell I where they have go . ext - lake geneva - dusk a magnificent sunset bathes the mountain as storm cloud roll in . a ferry be crossing the lake , move away from we , rippling the water . tilt down to reveal ... ext - ferry dock - dusk Claude trot to the window of the coach . claude that be the last ferry . there 's nothing else till morning . victor damn it claude we will ride on ahead and secure you lodging for the night . ext - resort - night a big chalet nestle in the wood by the lake . the storm be raging . Claude and he man be position at the entrance . victor make sure you keep you pistol dry guard # 2 they be dry enough . and if they fail , we have other . and if that fail ... ( draw he saber halfway ) ... we can always gut the bastard . claude do not worry , sir . you be well guard . now why do not you go upstairs to you wife ? it 's not often a man have he wedding night . int - bridal suite - night Victor enter to find the room aglow with dozen of candle . Elizabeth turn from the fireplace , she body silhouett through the sheer white nightgown . elizabeth you be soaking . she approach , peel off he coat . Victor stare at she , awe -struck . she see the look in he eye , cross she arm demurely ... then laugh at she own modesty . elizabeth brother and sister no more . victor now husband and wife . he stroke she bare shoulder with he fingertip . victor I remember the first time I ever see you . cross the floor of the grand ballroom with my parent at you side . so beautiful even then . elizabeth ( a whisper ) I have be wait for this ever since . she lean up and give he a kiss that would melt glass , trigger the sexiest seduction imaginable ... ... kissing , caress , Victor stripping off he wet shirt , camera drifting around they in slow circle , candle spin like a fever that 's be building for a lifetime ... and now onto the bed . magnificent and canopy . kneel together , body touch , hand seek , mouth join ... Elizabeth lie back , beckone for he to love she . Victor sink down , run he hand up she thigh , peel up the nightgown , make she shudder with desire ... ...and a shot fire . Victor jerk up . he can hear shout . he roll off the bed , snatching up both pistol lie prime and ready on the nightstand . elizabeth Victor ! victor open this door for no -one ! ext - chalet - night Victor sail past the guard at the entrance , brandish he pistol . the man converge , shouting in the rain : guard # 2 I see he in a flash of lightning ! he vanish toward the lake ! claude get after he ! several man race off in pursuit . tilt up from Victor and Claude ... as a flash of lightning reveal the creature cling in the branch above they head with a malevolent smile . he scurries silently up , further and further into the tree ... closer and closer to the balcony . int - bridal suite - night Elizabeth . tense and wait . a shadow loom across the balcony ... spilling through the french door ... onto the floor ... a bony hand reach for the latch ... the door burst open on a crust of wind and rain , Elizabeth spin as candle blow out all over the room . the creature enter , massive and unseen , glide in shadow . softly : creature do not bother to scream . ext - chalet - night the man come run back from the lake . they stop before Victor and Claude . guard # 3 we lose he . and guard # '' eye drift up : guard # 4 why be that open ? Victor spin , gaze up . breath catch in he throat . the french door be sway in the wind . victor Elizabeth . int - bridal suite - night Elizabeth watch , transfix , as the huge shadow move inexorably toward she . her eye dart toward the door . she make a break for it . he catch she halfway across the room , spin she around by the arm . her face be light by the light of the fireplace . the creature pause , stunne at she beauty . a moment pass between they . she sense the soften in he heart . she peer at he , try to understand . realizing : elizabeth you do not want to hurt I . he avert he gaze , shame by she beauty . creature you be more lovely than I could ever have imagine . footstep come pound up the stair . a heavy crash of man throw they shoulder at the door ... victor elizabeth ! ... and it change back in a instant , the creature snarl . she try to wrench away . he spin she around so he will not have to look at she in the light , casting she face in shadow . he cook he arm back and plunge he fist toward she chest with pile-driver force ... int - landing ( outside room ) - night ... and she scream be cut short . the man give one last mighty rush at the door ... int - bridal suite - night ... and they burst in just in time to see Elizabeth cascade back onto the bed , she chest a massive red stain . the creature whip toward they , fist glisten with blood ... creature I keep my promise . ... and he race across the room as the man OPEN FIRE , shredd the wall to splinter with a explosive fusillade of shot . but the creature be too fast . he hit the lead window head - on with the force of a anvil ... ext - chalet - night ... and go sailing out into empty space in a hurricane of shatter glass . he drop 40 foot to the grass below and vanish like the breeze , greatcoat whipping into darkness . int - bridal suite - night Victor rush to the bad and let loose the most primal scream of all . he sweep he limp , murder bride into he arm , cradling she to he breast , scream trail off into wrack moan and sob of despair : victor ( softly ) oh God ... he take she heart ... he take she heart from I ... ext - chalet - night the man make way as Victor carry he dead wife through the downpour . he put she in the coach . daze . ext - road - night the coach come racing through the storm , the horse in a frenzy , faster and faster . ext - mansion - night Victor whipping the coach veer to a wild stop . Victor jump down , gather up the body , and mount the step . Henry appear , rush out into the rain . Victor go right past he ... mansion - night ... and carry Elizabeth through the silent hall . attic - night the door swing in . Victor stand drip . holding Elizabeth . gazing at the gleam of copper ... montage : and we launch into the final throbbing madness . Victor hack and chopping . discard piece . sewing the creation , yanking the catgut tight . ramming the needle deep . hoist the body in the air . slam the sarcophagus lid , tightening the bolt . power up the galvanic circuit , throw the switch . scream at God as the lightning flash and the body convulse . wind and rain sweeping through the lab , batter a window open and shut , open and shut . lower the glass tube , ramming phallus into womb . releasing the eel , huge black sperm squirming and writhe toward the spasming egg the body . convulse . lash . scream in the copper womb . Hair whipping in the fluid ... Victor shut down the machinery . he open the tank and reach into the fluid with he thick rubber glove . he pull out he creation , cradling the head and neck as one would cradle a newborn infant 's ... ... and wipe the muck away with he glove to reveal Elizabeth 's face , massive suture mark bisect she neck and collarbone where piece be join . a whisper : victor live . her eye fly open as consciousness hit , mouth gape to draw air but find fluid in the lung . she erupt , thrashing in the vat . he clutches she tight , pound she back to start she breathe , calming the convulse creaturess with soft murmured word of tenderness and love as she lung heave violently to dispel the fluid ... he lift she gently out . wipe off the muck as she shiver and shake , spasm ease off . cleanse she face . clasp she hand in he . Comfort and strength ... helping she to she foot . jerky and unsure . lean on I . replacing the sheer nightgown on she scar and naked body , drape it ... and finally , exhaustingly , tilting she chin up with he finger to gaze into she eye . a whisper : victor say my name . blank . daze . stun . not a flicker of recognition . victor Elizabeth . say my name . say you remember . say my name . nothing . he lean forward ... and kiss she dead lip . Gentle as a sigh . a flicker in she eye ? victor you must . you must . maybe he imagination . still whisper : victor say my name . say you remember . and slowly ... ever so slowly ... she raise she bony white hand before she eye ... stare at it ... try to puzzle it out ... its meaning ... perhaps the vaguest shred of recognition ... and the hand continue to rise ... creep slowly toward he shoulder ... and come to rest there . he smile , blink back tear ... victor yes . I will help you remember . and he take she other hand in he . at first it 's imperceptible ... just the slight motion , perhaps nothing , perhaps just a shift of balance ... and then it grow into the vaguest sway ... and tear be glisten in Victor 's eye as she begin to move . lurching . falter . unsure . you must lead , Victor . the lady will always look to you for guidance , so you step must be sure and strong . trace memory . a waltz . and here we be treat to the most sweepingly romantic and hair-raisingly dement image of the film : frankenstein dance with he dead bride , show she the way , begging she to remember , please remember , and now we waltz / love theme really come back to haunt we as the music swell , incredibly lush and derange , dissonant and echoing through Victor 's head , music only he can hear ... victor ... one - two -three , twirl - two -three . ... and the worst part ? the very worst thing of all ? there on the shelf . a large formaldehyde jar . Justine 's severe head . watch they through the glass with dead , sightless eye . watch they dance . still a wallflower ? no . she 's finally finish she dance with Victor ... most of she , anyway . under the circumstance , it will have to do ... ... and the waltz go on , madder and madder , sweeping in glorious circle as a dazzle array of lightning bathes they in its wild , jittering spotlight , shadow careen across the wall , insane music swell louder and louder , climb higher and higher , reach toward its crescendo with jag glass claw ... ... and it all screech to a stop as the door burst in . Music echoe abruptly away into silence . nothing now but rain and distant thunder . in the doorway : creature she 's beautiful . victor she 's not for you . creature I be sure the lady know she own mind . do not she ? let she decide the proper suitor . the creature raise he hand . beckone . she take a falter step . drawn to he . victor Elizabeth , no ! ( she turn , puzzle ) say my name . her face reflect horror and shame , like a brain - damage child who 's wet the bed . she know she 's suppose to remember ... but can not remember what remember mean . they both motion to she . murmuring . begging . she 's catch between they , pull like a diaphanous rope in a tug of war . please ... come with I . please ... remember . she finally tilt toward the creature . gazing into he eye . study he face . fingertip trace he massively scar flesh . a beat . a frown . a puzzlement . this be not right . people do not look like this . they be not stitched together out of piece of flesh like a patchwork . she look at she own hand . Dead and white . not even hers . one belong to Justine . another to a prostitute , suture scar marring the wrist . she look down at herself . the dead , sagging breast . the body that be not hers either . realization creep into she eye . realization and horror . turn to Victor . why do I look like this ? what 's happen to I ? oh God , what 's happen to I ? elizabeth Vic ... tor ? creature ...no ... ... and she let out a shriek , a banshee wail from the deep pit of hell . scream at they both . scream at herself . she go berserk , try to claw she flesh away , try to find the real Elizabeth underneath the horror , try to peel it away , claw at she face . try to claw out she own eye . Victor lunge to restrain she , scream himself , veer toward final utter madness like string snap on a violin . the creature grab he , hurl he aside . creature get away from her ! she' mine ! victor she'll never be yours ! she say my name ! she remembers ! yes . she remember . not much , but enough . she break away from they as they grapple , still shrieking as she sail across the room , tipping furniture , equipment fly ... ...over straight to the kerosene lamp , snatching it up before they can stop she . victor no ! she spin to face they , hold they breathlessly at bay with the threat of the lamp , twitching from one to the other . but it 's not just the lamp , it 's the look of sheer loathing in she eye . loathing for they for what they have do to she ... loathing for herself for what she 's become . it turn out the lady do know she own mind . she want no part of it ... or they . decision make . she crush the lamp in she bare hand , drench herself in a cascade of kerosene . whoooosh ! she go up like a blaze matchstick and dart past they , still shrieking , still try to claw the dead flesh away , pull off giant flame piece of herself as she careen out the door and down the step , Victor and the creature racing after she ... int - upper hallway - night ... and she sail down the hallway , set FIRE to everything she pass , scream for the final torment to end . she hurl herself over the railing , drape catch ablaze as she plummet to the floor far below . a pillar of flame leap up on impact . victor and the creature face each other as flame sweep the wall , combust the upper hallway into a raging tunnel in Hell . victor you kill she ! you kill she ! he hurl himself at the creature , who backhand he spin down the hallway , sprawling to the floor . the creature gaze down at he Maker one last time ... creature we kill she . and then vanish through the smoke and flame . ext - frankenstein estate - day the once - magnificent estate lie in smolder ruin beneath a merciless gray sky . charre beam and drift smoke be all that remain to mark the pass of a noble family . Victor stand gaze at the house . a windswept , hollow man bundle in a rough coat . flintlock rifle dangle at he side . Henry move into frame some distance behind . softly : henry Victor . no reaction . for a long moment it seem Victor have not hear . he rouse as if from a trance , turn and walk to he pack horse . the animal stand saddle and ready . he start to mount up , but Henry intercept he with a restrain hand . Victor snap a look as if see a stranger ... and then he feature soften . victor all that I once love lie in a shallow grave . by my hand . henry let it go . Victor pause , emotion swirl . wish he could grab the dangle thread of sanity Henry have offer ... but know the thread be a bittersweet illusion . a bare whisper : victor you should have be my father 's son . he would have be so proud . Victor abruptly heave himself into the saddle and spur he horse . Henry run after he , shouting : henry victor ! come back ! but Victor keep riding without so much as a backward glance . the past be dead . Henry watch Victor until he 's go from sight , as Willie do so long ago ... ext - mont blanc glacier - day the solitary rider and he mount traverse the windswept glacier ... int - the creature's cave - day Victor slide down the entrance , rifle cradle . the cave be now desert , all possession go , a scorched black spot where the campfire have be ... ext - glacier - day a panorama of snow . pristine ... save for the long trail of footprint stretch off before we . Victor 's face thrust into frame , gaze at the craggy horizon , breath punch the air with billow of vapor . he slog onward , follow the track , lead he horse by the rein . dwindle across the freeze landscape . arctic victor ( v.o. ) I follow he trail north ... always north ... and always one step behind ... never stop ... drive by my fire of rage ... and revenge ... dissolve to : int - walton be cabin - twilight Victor lie in Walton 's bed , sallow as a corpse , barely able to speak , drain now of everything . victor a year now I have follow he . perhaps more . only to arrive at this place . tire . so very tired . I never do find ... whatever it be ... I be look for ... and neither will you , my friend . ( off Walton 's look ) value life above ambition ... or that glitter prize you seek will crumble to dust in you finger ... as they have in mine . ( reach out feverishly ) see you love one again . I cannot . Walton take Victor 's hand , lay it gently back to he chest . softly : walton Rest now . Victor be silent . his breathe shallow . Walton just sit and wait ... a slow dissolve mark the passage of Walton 's long vigil ... Victor 's eye flutter open as if stare at something unseen . perhaps , the face of that he love . the eye glaze . a peaceful death . Walton rise . put on he heavy coat to ward off the chill . exit the cabin . ext - nevsky - on deck - twilight grigori be lean on the gunwale , stare off across the ice . his coat be open . Walton join he . surprise at how warm it be . he hold up he hand , testing the breeze . walton a warming wind . grigori this ice will break yet . ( glance over ) how 's we guest ? walton he die . raving about phantom . he be mad , poor devil . ( beat ) Gather a detail . have the body remove from my cabin . grigori aye , Captain . grigori move off to gather help . Walton turn and head back to he cabin . int - walton be cabin - night Walton enter ... and freeze at the sound of soft weeping . he can not see the bad from here . could it be the dead man ? he glance down . wet footprint lead across the floor . he ease forward . the tiny bed chamber come slowly into view . a dark figure be hunch and weep at bedside , hold the corpse 's hand . Walton be stunne . walton who be you ? the figure swivel its head , revealing its face to the dim yellow light : creature he never give I a name . Walton hiss a terrify intake of breath . he lunge to the desk , slap he hand on the pistol lie there . a freeze beat . wonder if he should snatch it up . eye dance with fear and speculation . the creature make no move . unconcern . creature you be with he at the end . walton ( find he voice ) yes . creature I be watch . Walton glance to the porthole , ajar and creak in the breeze , chill at the think . the creature return he gaze to Victor . creature I long to be with he . but I want he final moment to have peace . I could see you be a friend to he . walton what be that to you ? evil as you be . creature ( swivel he gaze ) I be as he make I . in he own image . walton you drive he to he torment . creature and he drive I to mine . walton then why weep for he ? creature would you not ? he be father . and mother . we fall from grace together . he from he God . I from mine . the creature gently stroke Victor 's cheek . he reach up with two finger , close the stare eye . a whisper : creature could we ever have forgiven ? the question go unanswer . the creature rise , glide in shadow to the door . pause . creature I have never be show a kindness . show I one now . walton what kindness ? creature build for he a pyre . Light up the sky with he pass . and then the creature be go , vanish smoothly into the night ... ext - arctic - twilight the crew of the nevsky be on the ice , chopping up the fall mast , axe rise and fall in wave ... ext - arctic - twilight the body of Victor frankenstein lie on a impressive bier of wood , stack and lash . his body be wrap in rough canvas , he face as dead and white as the ice . Walton and crew stand face the bier . Walton silently read a passage from the Bible . oily black smoke from a small campfire drift past . Walton close the book . amen be muttere . Walton glance to grigori and nod . grigori move forward with two other man . they begin dousing the pyre with lamp oil , soaking it . Walton move to the campfire , pick up a unlit torch . he dip it into the fire , ignite the pitch , turn . the man back away , prepare for the come blaze ... ... and a dog start howling on deck , other join in . the man pause . gazing across the ice . dread seeping into they bone . there 's a figure out there . huge and humanlike in frame . loping slowly over the ice . approach . pilot ( softly ) Christ . grigori snatch up the rifle , shoulder it smoothly , cock the flintlock . Walton glance over , push the muzzle skyward , deny he aim . walton it have a right to bear witness . grigori hesitates , nod . if you say so . the man grow more unsettle as the creature draw nearer . frightened mutter . Men start back toward the ship . walton stand fast . all of you . the man stand fast . the creature stop some thirty yard out . a silent tableau on the ice . the man face the creature . Walton hold the torch . the pyre wait for the kiss of flame . Walton move forward ... ... and a thunderous crack be hear , the man whip they head as a gigantic plate of ice go spin into the air some fifty yard away and come crash back down again . it 's like tectonic plate building pressure toward a earthquake : once it go , it go with terrifying speed and force : crack ! another eruption . crack ! and another . crack ! Ice cascade skyward . old sailor the bitch be breakin ' up ! grigori ( whip toward Walton ) torch the damn thing ! Walton rush forward . crack ! the ice erupt before he . the torch go fly . Walton sprawl flat on he back . walton back to the ship ! the man do not have to be tell twice . they be already in full retreat , scramble for they life . Ice be detonate for mile around as if pound by artillery . grigori help Walton to he foot . the torch lie burn not ten foot away . a heartbeat of hesitation . Walton wonder if he should go for it . grigori pull wildly on he sleeve ... grigori leave it ! ... and then the matter be decide for they as a huge rift open at they foot , run a explosive zig - zag course across the ice , separate they from the torch . they fall back to join the retreat , stumbling after the other , pursue by the ice dissolve at they heel . the creature watch he last wish for Victor frankenstein snatch away by God 's whim and break ice . no he start forward . behind he , a detonation of ice throw a massive fist into the air , create a magnificent halo of cascade water and spin fragment . the nevsky the first wave of flee man reach the ship , crowd to the drop - net for salvation , scramble up the side . walton and grigori stumble along , close distance to the ship . Walton glance back , amaze to see : the creature racing across the ice , make for the torch , tooth set in a wide grimace of effort . detonation threaten to swallow he from all side . suddenly , thing go from bad to worse . the nevsky break free with a enormous groan , heeling slowly over , trigger massive eruption in all direction . the crew hang onto the drop - net for dear life . several man plummet into the icy water . the creature be propel by a detonation as if hold step on a land mine , cartwheel helplessly through the air to plunge headfirst into the water , huge plate of spin ice crash down after he . go . walton and grigori be knock flat as a fissure appear between they . grigori , daze , be lift into the air on a teeter table of ice , desperately try to scramble back but slide forward nonetheless , rise up and up , a gape maw of frigid water yawn wider and wider before he . Walton grab the back of grigori 's coat and try to drag he off ... but the coat be snatch from he finger as the ice see-saw forward in a complete flip and slam grigori thunderously into the drink . walton grigori ! the nevsky finish righting itself , sway ponderously as she find honest ocean beneath she hull . some man be reach the top of the net , hurl themselves over the gunwale to the deck . that lower on the drop - net be help they fellow from the water , haul they to safety . frankensteinxs bier be now corkscrew in slow circle on its own ice floe . the torch be drift on a chunk of ice . still burn . angle at water level Walton be on hand and knee , scramble on shifting piece of ice , thrust he arm into the water , scream : walton grigori ! the first mate break surface in the foreground , gasp and strangling for breath , face already turn blue , arm thrashing wildly , drag down by the now-impossible weight of he own clothing . Walton strain to reach he , nearly go into the water himself . grigori keep thrashing and gasp . dying . he 's die right in front of Walton 's eye . walton somebody throw I a gaff ! too late . grigori go down for the final time , vanish for good beneath the frigid water . gone. Walton throw he head back with a bellow of anguish ... ... and grigori break the surface again , rise slowly and impossibly from the water . arm and leg windmill against the air , propel from below with nearly aulic strength . he gaze down in shock at the massive fist clutching he chest ... and the arm that grow and grow , rise , lift he up and up ... and the hideous face that break the surface beneath he . the face of a nightmare . the creature lunge hugely , hurl grigori through the air right into Walton 's arm . both man go sprawling . Walton scramble to he knee , make eye contact with the creature . the monster be exhaust . near he limit . Walton thrust out he arm , finger grasp to help . walton swim . the creature swivel he gaze . the burn torch be drift away . he look grimly back to Walton . Walton beckone to he . come . grab my hand . the creature swim away , knife through the water after the torch . Walton turn , drag grigori gasp to he foot , help he limp toward the nevsky across the lurching ice . creature struggle through the water , crush and batter by ice floe on all side . go under . walton and grigori slog grimly on across the disintegrated ice , knee - deep and nearly walk on water . they sink , find nothing beneath they foot . line be throw down and catch . Walton and grigori be haul from the frigid arctic water and hoist up the side of the ship . the last one aboard . burning torch be spin slowly on its chunk of ice . bony finger break the surface of the water . a strain hand . the creature 's eye rise from the murk . bleary with exhaustion and cold . he seize the torch . raise it high . swim grimly on . aboard the nevsky the crew bundle Walton and grigori in blanket , both man shiver with exposure . Walton lurch to the gunwale , gaze off . the man crowd to he -side . the creature swim on , head barely break the water , torch hold high to keep it burn . relentlessly determine . this be the most grueling effort we have ever see . gasp and sink beneath the surface ... ... and finally grasp with freeze finger the ice floe upon which lie frankenstein 's funeral pyre . he haul himself from the water . move now in a slow-motion litany of exhaustion . climb the pyre . scale the wood . seek the top . never give up . the creature join he Maker atop the bier , straddle the wood , hold the torch aloft as if lighting he master 's way to the netherworld , frankenstein 's personal boatman across the River styx . frankenstein himself lie serenely at he creation 's knee , content to be show the way ... the creature turn he face to the sky , gulp air , spread he arm wide in sublime triumph . feeling the wind on he skin , the sleet on he face , the grim joy in he heart . cold . so very cold . he glance at the torch burn low in he outstretch hand , pitch almost go , sputtering and trail smoke . he look down . at frankenstein . the oil - soak canvas . the saturate wood . there 's that smell . yes . he scoops Victor up with he free arm and cradle he to he breast , as tender as a mother comforting a baby . walton and the crew gaze in horror . realization dawn : grigori ( softly ) do not do it ... ( scream ) for GOD be sake ! don't do it ! the creature turn he gaze one last time toward Heaven . eyelid flutter in near-religious ecstasy . find in this last moment the sympathy hold so long seek . a whisper : creature for God 's sake ... I will . and he ram the torch into the pyre beneath he . White - hot ignition . ultimate redemption . whump ! a massive ball of flame engulf the bier , push a huge fiery fist into the sky . blossom . roiling . walton and the crew gaze on in wonder and horror as : the creature ride the burn pyre , a shriek revenant wrap in a caul of fire , scream in the flame . Hair go up at a sizzling flashpoint . cheek billow out , peel back in the blast - furnace heat . flesh cleanse from bone . teeth charr and turn black . still cradling Victor . still scream . wait for the final torment to end . perhaps it never will ... frankensteinxs pyre drift off into the arctic twilight trail a huge column of flame and smoke , inhuman scream echoing endlessly . lose in the darkness and distance . walton stand at the gunwale , he crew at he side . the borealis dance mysteriously on the horizon . distant sliver of lightning kiss the world . softly : walton Home ext - arctic - twilight high aerial shot . a ocean of break ice beneath we . the Alexander nevsky heel gingerly about , corkscrew through a slow turn toward the open sea as we fade to black . the end