" m*a*s*h " screenplay by Ring lardner Jr. base on the novel by Richard hooker final draft February 26 , 1969 fade in : ext . landing area outside 4077th mash '' day we attention be concentrate on a sign read : " this be where it be '' parallel 38 . " below this word , arrow point to " NORTH korea " in one direction , " south korea " in opposite one . two Air rescue helicopter be come in low from the north , descend to a point just outside the entrance to the hospital admit Ward . transferring we attention to the helicopter , we gaze go from the first sign to a second one , on which all we can read at first be the very large letter : " m-a-s-h . " move closer to the helicopter as they hit the ground , we can make out the rest of the sign . above the four large letter it say : " 4077 th , " and then we see there be the remainder of a word follow each of the large letter , but in much smaller print , so that " m - a - s-h " become " mobile Army surgical Hospital . " the helicopter land and enlist man of the U.S. Army Medical Corps carry two wounded soldier from each into the admit Ward . lieutenant colonel henry blake , a permanent member of the Medical Corps and command Officer of the 4077th , watch grimly as the wounded be borne from the helicopter into he hospital . corporal " radar " o'reilly , with a long thin neck , large ear and a knack for anticipate he Colonel 's wish , move up close behind he . henry ( loudly ) o'reilly ! radar ( at he side ) yes , sir ? henry dammit , radar , wait till I call you ! tell Major burn ... radar one of the surgeon from the day shift will have to stay on duty tonight ? henry yes , dammit , and ... he interrupt himself , frighten by the intense expression on radar 's face . the corporal 's head be turn back and forth like a actual radar receiver , monitoring the northern horizon where the valley of a river meander between mountainous ridge . henry o'reilly , what be it ? ( appal at the think ) there be not more chopper come ? radar I be afraid so , Colonel . henry we have get too many wounded for we to handle now ! get on the phone right away and ... radar yes , sir , I will see if I can reach General hammond in Seoul for you . you think he will finally break down and give we two more surgeon ? the distant SOUND of more helicopter become faintly audible to the normal human ear , and a moment later one appear over a ridge . time lapse : ext . motor pool and railroad depot '' 325 th evacuation hospital '' yong -dong - PA '' day two officer come from opposite direction toward a Jeep , each carry a valpac and trail a barrack bag . though they still wear such later - to- be-discarded refinement as captain 's bar on they cap and overcoat , they be far from West Point standard in dress and manner . duke , 29 , be still solidly build like the fullback he once be . hawkeye , 28 , a former end , be taller and rangier , wear glass . they accent , Georgia and Maine respectively , be in sharp contrast . a motor pool sargeant who have drive the Jeep up climb out . motor pool driver you the guy go to the 4077th ? duke I be one of them . hawkeye ( state of Maine affirmative ) ayuh . I be the other then . as they stow they gear in the back of the Jeep . motor pool sargeant lot of luck . he leave . hawkeye my name 's hawkeye pierce . duke Duke forrest . hawkeye take the driver 's seat . Duke , get into the right - hand side , have no objection , just a question . duke you get direction ? hawkeye ayuh , only it 's early , I need a drink to wake I up . duke I get some . he turn around and open he barrack bag , where he find a pint bottle conveniently locate near the top . hawkeye make it yourself , or be it real ? duke Georgia , where I come from , it 's real if you make it yourself . but I be buy from the yankee government since they put I in this soldier suit and give I a rate . hawkeye tax -free booze . it 's about all you can say for army life . duke ( pass bottle ) where you from with that crazy way of talk ? hawkeye crabapple cove . Maine . duke damn ! that must be about as far north as you can get . hawkeye pretty near . what do you know about the outfit we be go to ? duke c.o. be Colonel blake . Lieutenant Colonel Henry braymore blake . one of they regular army clown . push you around so it 's hard to get any decent work do . hawkeye we get to head they off , right at the start . push they around first . they have exchange the bottle a couple of time . in the act of raise it to he mouth , hawkeye look toward the hospital doorway . hawkeye I think we already catch they eye . two mps have emerge from the hospital administration office and be head toward they . hawkeye go into action quickly , start the Jeep engine . duke what 's the initial ' mp ' stand for , hawkeye ? hawkeye shore patrol , Duke . let 's go ! the Jeep start off at its maximum takeoff speed and accelerate dangerously as it careen out of the hospital grounds . time lapse : ext . road near ouijongbu '' day hawkeye and Duke be drive the Jeep along the muddy road '' they come upon a sign which fill a large part of the screen : " last chance before Peking " . a short distance behind the sign , it be now reveal be three park U.S. Army truck , in front of which parade a group of Korean prostitute from fourteen to forty - five . despite the autumn weather , they costume , mix american mail order and Korean , be choose for seductive appeal rather than warmth . hawkeye must be the famous curb service Whore '' ( pronounce ' howah ' ) House . you in the market Duke ? duke ( in negation ) I do my shopping in Seoul last night . they now have a fairly clear view of a GI and a Korean female lie in tight formation in the bed on one of the truck , they activity only partially conceal by a blanket . duke curb service be right . time lapse : ext . approach to 4077th mash '' day hawkeye stop the Jeep as they come to a place in the road where they can get a downward look at they future home . the river valley in which the 4077th mash be situate be almost surround by mountain . the component of the post be spread out in a rough horseshoe with a large compound of level ground in the middle . at the close end of the horseshoe be the main hospital building , make of wood with a tin roof mark by a large red cross ; everything else be canvas . to the leave of the main building be strung out the admit Ward , Laboratory , Dental Clinic , mess Hall , px , shower tent , barber tent and the enlist Men 's tents . on the right side be the postop Ward , officer ' tents , nurse ' tents , Korean domestic ' tents and finally , the officer ' Club . in the f.g. , from Duke and hawkeye 's angle be four helicopter belong to the 5th Air rescue squadron , and the sign we have already see mark the post and the 38th parallel . hawkeye well , there it be . Jesus ! duke the spot we pick to spend the winter . maybe we ought to look a little harder . brief time lapse : int . mash mess hall '' day as hawkeye and Duke enter . the large tent have two floor level separate by a railing into a section for officer and one for enlist man , the two group be much closer to numerical equality here than in a ordinary military installation . there be a further voluntary piece of segregation within the officer ' section : the man '' medical officer plus a couple of administrative officer and a helicopter pilot '' be at one long , rectangular table ; the nurse , range in rank from second lieutenant to captain , at another . hawkeye start to lead the way to a empty table in the officer ' section , but Duke call he attention to the outstanding feature of the nurse ' table : lieutenant dish , 24 , blonde and clearly , even in she winter fatigue , the sexiest look nurse in military history . duke what do you think of that piece of scenery , yankee boy ? hawkeye finest kind . we will sit where we can get the best view . accordingly , they select seat close to the nurse and face the Lieutenant . some personnel be on duty in the hospital during this lunch period , but beside dish , two of the follow three nurse with whom we will become acquainted be present here : knocko , who be black , a captain in she thirty , solidly build , very strong and very competent in she job ; leslie , also a captain , not more than thirty , bright , attractive , cheerful , the kind of girl that bring out the latent male matrimonial instinct but who , strangely , be treat as inviolate by the by the sex-starve man of the post ; and lieutenant scorch , who can not match dish or Leslie by physical standard but have the asset of instant availability . a Korean boy , not yet of military age , in green fatigue pants and a off-white coat , appear promptly and heaps Duke and hawkeye 's plate with food . Duke be hungry enough to turn he whole attention to the meal , but hawkeye be unable to keep he eye off Lieutenant dish while eat . thus neither of they be aware of the attention they be get from the male officer ' group , which include henry , a couple of medical captain name murrhardt and bandini ; dago red ( officially , Father John Patrick mulcahy , red-haire Catholic chaplain of the area ) and the painless pole ( Captain walter Zaldowski , Dental Officer ) , both in they thirty ; and captain ugly JOHN black , a Australian anesthesiologist . there be also curiosity about the newcomer from the unlist man 's section , where we see among other radar ; vollmer , Henry 's overweight sargeant Major ; corporal judson , young , black and fresh from Mississippi ; private boone , who look too young and nervous to be in any man 's army ; and pfc seidman , whose first trip out of New York have take he halfway around the world . Henry , who alone have reason to be personally affront by Duke and hawkeye 's unmilitary behavior , get up and cross to where they be sit . henry I be Colonel blake . you fellow just pass through ? hawkeye nope , we be assign heah . with which reminder we will abandon all indication of the Maine accent . duke y'all be short a couple cutter and we be what the Army send . henry do not you know the first thing you be suppose to do at a new post be present yourself to the commanding officer with you order ? duke reckon so , but we be booz all day and you work up a appetite . henry ( take out order and hand Duke a copy ) you be welcome to one of this , whatever they be . duke ( find he order ) they give you copy to burn . Henry scan both papers to find what he consider the most important part . there be a rumble of artillery in the distance . henry good . you have both be work close to the front . duke ( listen to artillery ) never this close . henry they have hit we on cherry Hill . I just get word . we have we slack period but when the action start , you will have more work in twelve hour than a civilian surgeon do in a week . hawkeye Colonel blake , have no fear . hawkeye and Duke be here . duke ( to Henry ) that 's right , pal . you just sit up front and sign the mail , and leave the cut to we . henry I may need you to go to work practically immediately . but meanwhile perhaps you would like to meet some of you fellow officer . duke just one for a start . hawkeye the blonde dish . henry if you mean ... ( look toward Lieutenant dish ) she be a lieutenant in the Army nursing Corps , Captain . hawkeye okay , Lieutenant dish . I guess she 's already ... involved with somebody here . henry they have all try . nobody 's get to first base . he be interrupt by the fact that dish and knocko have rise from they table and be pass right by they on they way to the door . the Lieutenant have just as nice a walk as you would hope for , and the men' eye follow she till she be again out of hearing distance . hawkeye why bother with first base ? I would go right for the home run . the painless pole and dago Red have come over . dago red this the new talent , Henry ? henry Captain pierce , Captain forrest ... Father mulcahy , the Catholic chaplain of the area , and Captain waldowski , we Dental Officer . painless better know as painless pole . murrhardt and bandini come over and all adlib introduction '' ask each other they background , etc . bandini we all call he dago Red . duke I be Duke and he 's hawkeye . painless glad to know you . Drop in at my clinic anytime you feel like play a little poker , or even if a tooth be bother you . hawkeye poker sound great . when do you play ? murrhardt he say anytime . Day and night , seven day a week . the player change but the game never stop . henry ( to hawkeye and Duke ) you will be live with Major burn . o'reilly ! before he name be uttere , radar have already rise from the enlist men' group , and be now at Henry 's side . radar Sir ? henry do not do that , radar ! you make I nervous . radar Sir ? henry do not come so quickly when I call . I want you to take this officer ... radar to Major burn ' tent . yes , sir . henry stop that , o'rielly ! radar Sir ? henry oh , get out of here ! radar yes , Colonel . brief time lapse : ext . / int . " the swamp " ( presently franks tent ) '' day hawkeye and Duke drag they bag from the Jeep , which radar drive away . they look over they new residence , a standard army tent , square with peak roof , a wooden door attach to the canvas . then as they approach it , they become aware of a youthful Korean voice read , in heavily accented English , word that have no meaning for the speaker . ho - jon' voice ( o.s. ) ' yea , though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death ... ' duke Jesus Christ ! hawkeye one of he ancestor , I think . ho - jon' voice ( o.s. ) ' I shall fear no evil for thou art with I ... ' they open the door of the tent and go in . there be three canvas cot with sleep bag on they , a plank floor , a oil stove , electric light , a few crude shelf , one table and one chair plus assort crate serve as same . major frank burn , 35 , from Wisconsin , be sit on one of the two more favorably situate cot listen to ho - jon , a Korean boy of 16 , read from the Bible . he correct the word that have give Ho - jon the most trouble . frank thou . for thou art with I . ( see Duke and hawkeye , jump up ) welcome , welcome , welcome ! duke what the hell 's go on here ? frank this be Ho - jon , my houseboy . we houseboy . I be teach he English . duke where 's he gonna use that kind of talk ? ' the valley of the shadow of death . ' wait a minute , Ho -jon ... ( rummages in barrack bag ) I get something for you . he take out sex magazine , give it to Ho - jon in such a way that we see the nude on the cover , but Frank do not . duke ( to Frank ) Little light read matter . just right for he age . hawkeye ( to Duke ) well , southern boy , I suppose you want the sack that 's convenient to the door . duke and get the wind every time it open . no , thanks . I will take that one . he indicate the unoccupy cot which , like Frank 's , be at the rear of the tent with the stove between it and the front door . hawkeye shrug and reach into he barrack bag . hawkeye let 's choose for it . ( find baseball bat , hand it to Duke ) you toss . Duke toss the bat vertically in the air . as it come down hawkeye grab it expertly at the tape with he leave hand . Duke put he leave hand above that , and Duke be leave with he right hand wave in the air with nothing to grab . hawkeye ( to Ho - jon ) part of you education . always use you own bat . he toss valpac onto the desire cot . time lapse : int . admitting ward '' night it 's pretty full already and more wounded be be bring in by corpsman . in contrast to the open scene , where the casualty be a generalize fact see at a distance , in this scene they be view individually and at close range , and the effect , both on the eye and the ear , be almost unbearable . hawkeye , in a white gown as be all the surgeon and nurse , move from a patient he have just examine to one who be let out a number of unintelligible sound mix in with such clear and frequently repeat word as " Christ , " " mother , " " God damn " and " please . " as hawkeye approach , Lieutenant scorch remove enough of the bandage do in the field to display a abdomen with part of its content on the outside . hawkeye two-man job . how much blood have he have ? lieutenant scorch second pint . hawkeye Duke ... Duke have just examine a patient . he take a step towards hawkeye . hawkeye this kid 's ready but we will not know all the damage till we get in and see what 's happen . what have you get ? duke nothing can not wait . shall we check it out with the Major ? he indicate a Major who be stand a short distance away , look like a boss but not actually do anything . also in admit Ward be , murrhardt , Lieutenant dish , pfc seidman , corporal judson . hawkeye naw , I already find out . the only thing he do not like about be in charge be make decision . time lapse : int . operating room '' night note : all principal cast should be available for all operate scene . there be three operation go on at once . here all personnel wear white cap and mask and it be hard to identify individual except that at close range we can distinguish hawkeye by he glass and Duke by he eye and he build . they be work together with great efficiency and a instinctive collaboration that seem to require no verbal exchange . what we see they do , without necessarily recognize the portion of anatomy involved , be to cut out a section of bowel damage by a shell fragment , and start sewing the divide end together . time lapse : int . operating room '' night hawkeye and Duke be work together on the last stage of a leg amputation . this time there be no doubt about the surgical process we be watch ; we see the almost severe leg and the process of control bleed ; then the limb be actually separate from its stump and hand by Duke to a corpsman . hawkeye speak to the nurse stand behind he . hawkeye hot pack . watch she dip the pack into a warm solution and wring it out , he recognize , despite cap and mask , that it be Lieutenant dish . his eye linger on hers for a brief moment . time lapse : ext . outside operating room '' night Lieutenant dish come out of the operate room , tear in she eye , try to control she sob , and move just outside the circle of light from the fixture over the entrance . there , no longer under observation , she let herself cry . hawkeye come out the door , register surprise at the sight of she just as if he have not follow she out . he move to she side and put a comforting arm around she . she look up just long enough to see who it be , then bury she head on he shoulder as he other arm go around she . lieutenant dish be not this ridiculous , Doctor ? six month I have be here and there be still time when I can not stand it . I just go to piece . hawkeye there 's nothing ridiculous about it . ( turn she face up to he ) a kid like you ... she do not move she head from the way he have arrange it , and she lip be very close to he . he kiss she and it turn out , from the ardent way she respond , that 's what she want he to do . lieutenant dish thank you , Captain pierce . ( she voice full of need ) it 's be so long . hawkeye no trouble at all . ( then ) hawkeye . lieutenant dish how do you get call that ? hawkeye ' the last of the mohican . ' only book my father ever read . he kiss she again and again she cling to he . lieutenant dish you be get a workout , you and Captain forrest , you first night . hawkeye it be not always this rough ? lieutenant dish oh , no . we have dull stretch every week or so , thank God , when there 's nothing to do after midnight . hawkeye they do not have to be dull . I mean if you and I put we mind together ... lieutenant dish we mind ? hawkeye for a start . I just have a hunch ... well , it be not entirely a hunch ... lieutenant dish you be a attractive man . hawkeye you have a certain modest charm yourself . lieutenant dish ( continue she own thought ) but I be marry . hawkeye something else we have in common . lieutenant dish very happily marry . hawkeye same here . lieutenant dish and absolutely determine to be faithful to my husband . do we have that in common , Captain ? hawkeye it 's a matter of definition . faithful in spirit , yes . lieutenant dish I do not make the distinction . but the sex urge be a powerful force . in woman just as much as man . hawkeye ayuh . lieutenant dish you would think now , with only six week before they ship I back home , it would be easier . but it be not . hawkeye of course not . lieutenant dish it 's terribly hard . sometimes the temptation be just too much . hawkeye then why not , as long as it would not hurt anybody ...? lieutenant dish ( not hearing he , just continue she own think ) but you have make I feel strong again , Captain . hawkeye . ( smile , tear go , ready to return to work ) you help I pull together when I need it . with a grateful look at he , she go back inside . hawkeye contemplate the accomplishment she have credit he with , and find it appall . int . operating room '' night hawkeye and Duke be work across the table from each other again , this time inside a man 's chest , stop a hemorrhage and debride the wound . duke now that 's what I call real pretty . we can close up here and go into he belly . hawkeye he can not take much more time on the table . duke so we get to cut he fast . I figure from the x-ray it be not just the spleen . we also get to snatch he right kidney . ext . mash compound '' morning wearing fatigue now , hawkeye and Duke be make they weary way from the hospital to they tent after a night 's work . there be a announcement come over the post - wide public address system , but it do not concern they . sargeant vollmer' voice ( over p.a. ) Captain murrhardt , please report to the Colonel 's office at the earliest opportunity . Captain murrhardt . brief time lapse : int . the swamp '' morning Ho - jon throw a match into the oil stove , but it do not work . he look into it , strike another match , and this time it light up so quickly he be almost singe by the flame . hawkeye and Duke open the door and come in . Ho - jon straighten and bow . ho - jon good morning , Captain pierce and Captain forrest . hawkeye you can cut the bow . ho - jon I have not understand what you mean . hawkeye ( demonstrate bow ) that . it 's out of the act . he and Duke remove they outer clothing during the ensue : ho - jon because be not democrash ? all people create equal ? duke hey , you be sneaking some read outside the frigging Bible ! ho - jon I have great interest for America , he people and he custom . duke good , because we get a fine old american custom we want to teach you . you know what this be ? he give Ho - jon two bottle . the boy look at the label . ho - jon gin . I know , yes. ( read other label ) dry ... ( have trouble with the word ) ... vermouth . ext . mash compound '' morning Frank walk toward the tent from the direction of the hospital . brief time lapse : int . the swamp '' morning Frank open the door and be take aback by the sight of the two bottle on the table and Ho - jon fill glass hold by Duke and hawkeye , who have climb into they sleep bag . he be so disturb he fail to shut the door . frank be that liquor ? hawkeye finest kind . we be training Ho - jon to be a bartender . join we ? duke but first will you please kindly shut the goddam door ? frank I do not drink intoxicant . hawkeye ( to Duke ) Christ almighty , I think he mean it ! duke we be have . frank I do not believe it 's right for you to involve a boy who 's not seventeen year old yet ... duke the door , Frank , the door ! where you from anyhow , Alaska ? frank ( close door ) Wisconsin . duke same general idea . Frank proceed to take off he outer clothing preparatory to retire . ho - jon Officer all sleep now , yes ? and I go wash clothes . hawkeye right , Ho - jon . see you later . frank so long , Ho - jon . duke you make a mean martini , kid . Ho - jon go out . Duke and hawkeye settle back to enjoy they drink but they both come bolt upright when they see Frank drop to he knee by he cot and begin to intone the Lord 's prayer . frank we Father who art in Heaven hallow would be thy name . thy kingdom come , thy will be do , on earth as it be in Heaven ... hawkeye and Duke find it hard to believe they eye and ear . they never expect to see a grow man behave as Frank be now . frank give we this day we daily ... hawkeye you ever catch this bread , and forgive we syndrome before , Duke ? frank ... trespasp as we forgive that who trespass against ... duke us. lead we not into ... frank ... no case over the age of temptation but deliver we eight . from evil . for thine be the kingdom , the power and ... hawkeye & duke ... the glory forever . amen. ( raise martini glass ) amen ! duke ( sing ) onward Christian soldier ... duke & hawkeye ( sing ) march as to war . with the cross of Jesus go on before . Christ we Royal master , lead against the foe . forward into battle ... duke ( break off sing , point to Frank ) he be not finish ! for a moment , before hawkeye speak , some of the word Frank be mumble come through . frank ... and for we young man on the field of battle , that they may return home to they dear one ... hawkeye come clean with we , Frank . be you on this religious kick back home , or do you start to crack up here on the post ? frank ( ignore he ) ... and for we Supreme Commander over here and we Commander - in - Chief in Washington . duke how long do the show go on , Frank ? Frank turn he head toward Duke while remain in praying position . frank it get longer all the time . now I have you soul to pray for , and Captain pierce 's . time lapse : int . henry's outer office '' day sargeant vollmer be work on some papers at he desk when hawkeye and Duke come in . they pass right by he and head for Henry 's door . vollmer hey ! that 's a Colonel 's office ! hawkeye ( hand on Henry 's door ) ayuh . just who we be look for . ( open door ) Henry , you get to do something ! leslie exit from Henry 's office as they enter . int . henry's office '' day Henry be at he desk . Duke and hawkeye come in and seat themselves in informal comfort . both watch Leslie exit . hawkeye we have stick it out for a whole week now ... pretty girl . duke we sure do not aim to cause any trouble ... yeah , she seem to grow on you . henry you do not aim to cause any trouble '' but ? hawkeye but we strongly suspect something will happen to screw up this splendid organization of yours if you do not get that sky pilot out of we tent . henry you tent ? duke yeah , maybe move that nurse in . she do not seem the type to keep you awake praying . henry ( pause ) I have be in this Army a long time . I know just what you guy be up to . but there be limit ... hawkeye we will find out what they be when you throw we out . henry that 's all the commitment you be offer I ? ( to Duke ) or do you have some more extravagant gesture of cooperation ? duke no , hawkeye just say it all . hawkeye except we forget one other small thing . duke what 's that ? hawkeye the chest - cutter . duke yeah , that 's right . ( to Henry ) you better get we a chest - cutter before there 's trouble . hawkeye this outfit need somebody who can find he way around the pulmonary anatomy when the basis be load . duke and it 's the ninth inning . henry forget it . no mash unit have a chest surgeon and we be not about to get one . you housing problem I will give some think to in the next couple of week . radar o'reilly come in with " emergency " write all over he expressive face . he make a hand gesture to Henry that could loosely be construe as a salute . henry yes , o'reilly ? duke how you , radar ? radar they be run behind in the or , sir , and the preop Ward be all jamme up . two chopper and three ambulance full . this be the most serious kind of crisis for the outfit , and Henry 's expression show it . henry ( to Duke and hawkeye ) you boy will have to go to work early . duke you fix to add overtime to a twelve - hour day ? the union be not gonna like it . hawkeye you work that kind of hour , you get to have rest . which you can not get with somebody jabber away on a direct line to heaven . henry ( crisply ) Major burn will be out of you tent in twenty - four hour . ( to radar ) tell they Captain pierce and Captain forrest be on they way . radar go out . Duke get to he foot and hawkeye make a preliminary move toward do so . hawkeye about that chest -cutter ... henry I will try , d-d-dammit ! you can not ask any more than that ! hawkeye we do not want any more than that . ( follow Duke out ) right now . time lapse : ext . mash compound '' dusk hawkeye and Lieutenant dish be walk close together in a otherwise desert area . hawkeye cold ? he put a arm around she without wait for a answer . she smile at he fondly . lieutenant dish even if I be not . hawkeye Maria ... he kiss she and they cling together , stand outside a tent identify by a sign : " officer's club . " lieutenant dish oh , hawkeye , I do not think I could stick it out this next few week without you . hawkeye open the door of the officer ' Club , look in . hawkeye nobody here . he step aside to let she precede he in . there be nothing inside except a pool table . she hesitates . he take she in he arm again , this time press he hand against the seat of she fatigue pants . lieutenant dish you understand why I still can not ... Ho - jon appear in he line of vision , not hers . ho - jon Captain pierce ... hawkeye let go of she , and they try to look like innocent stroller . hawkeye hi , Ho - jon . how they goin ' ? ho - jon finest kind . Captain forrest say you better haul ass home quick . we get new chest - cutter in we tent . brief time lapse : ext . the swamp '' dusk the wooden front of the tent have a new sign identify it as " the swamp . " int . the swamp '' dusk first we see hawkeye sit on he cot , look across the tent at the newcomer . attach to the canvas wall behind he be a photograph of he wife and two son , age four and two . next we turn we attention to Duke on the adjoin cot ( formerly Frank 's ) . he also have a family picture on display : he wife , two - year - old daughter and a infant . then we get we first glimpse of trapper JOHN , they new tentmate , about 30 , tall and very thin , he head pretty well hide inside the hood of a parka . he be use cellophane tape to install one of the popular nude photo of the day ( such as the one of Marilyn Monroe that circulate so widely in the early 1950 's ) . complete the group be Ho - jon , who sit on the floor , silently take in everything that be do or say . finish with he decorate effort , trapper reach into the depth of he parka to produce a can of beer . he dig into the other side , find a opener and open the beer . then he head go back inside the parka along with the can as he take a swig from it . duke ( to hawkeye ) now I get you for a witness , I be go to try again . so far all I drag out of he be he 's from bahston and he 's only be in the Army two month . ( to trapper ) where be you when they draft you ? trapper Home . duke I mean , what be you do ? be you a resident or on a staff someplace ? trapper that 's right . duke where ? trapper Hospital . duke which hospital ? trapper back home . duke be there any reason why we should not know the name of it ? trapper no. ( a long swig of beer ) or why you should . hawkeye ( to Duke ) I think I have see this nut somewhere . ( to trapper ) have not I ? trapper if you do not know what you have see , why should I ? hawkeye be unsatisfy . he keep stare at trapper , sure he 's see he before . duke ( to trapper ) you ready to switch to a little tonic we generally take we about this time ? Ho - jon ... Ho - jon go to the table and take a few ice cube from a hospital ice-bag , put they into the pitcher along with gin and a dash of vermouth . trapper do not you use olive ? duke where you think you be , boy ? they probably never see a olive in this country . Ho - jon pour three water - glass full of martini and start to distribute they . hawkeye ( to trapper ) that 's the front up the road a few mile . we have to get by without some of the comfort of home . trapper I like a olive . he reach into he parka , come up with a bottle of olive , take one out and put it into the martini Ho - jon serve he . then , as hawkeye and Duke gape at he , he offer they the bottle . time lapse : int . operating room '' day there be two operation go on , one of they be a simple procedure require one surgeon and one nurse . the other by contrast be a very special event . trapper be operate , assist by another surgeon , a couple of nurse , a corpsman , and the anesthesiologist , ugly JOHN black . beside this actual participant almost all the nurse and doctor from both shift , include Duke , hawkeye ( with Lieutenant dish ) , Frank and Henry , be in a circle around the operate table as spectator . trapper 's job be repair a lacerate pulmonary artery , or some other delicate piece of surgery close to the heart and involve a large chest incision . we see enough of the process to observe that it be gory and deep inside a critical area , but necessarily it be the reaction of the people watch , especially Duke and hawkeye , that tell we how tricky a operation it be and how expertly trapper be handle it . the sequence be silent except for incidental operate room noise . even trapper 's occasional terse instruction to he assistant and he brief exchange with Ugly John be speak too low for we to hear . there be four stage to the action : 1 . the beginning of the operation before a attentive audience , draw by they interest in the new man and by the fact that this be a surgical procedure they have never dare to attempt . 2 . Limited approval and professional respect for the assurance with which trapper plot he incision and start work he way to he destination . 3 . mounting tension as the crucial stage be reach . the suspense reach its crest during the few moment when trapper be do the actual mend job to which all the preliminary have lead . the face of he colleague express anxiety and hope that he can accomplish what he set out to do , and accomplish it quickly enough to permit the patient to survive . Henry , not certain of he own judgment , look to Duke for confirmation , and Duke nod to indicate he think trapper have the situation under control . 4 . the tension break as trapper finish the job to he satisfaction and begin , along with he assistant surgeon , to close up . Henry 's smile of relief be unsure and only tentative until he catch hawkeye 's signal that the job have be do to perfection . time lapse : ext . mash compound '' day trapper , hawkeye and Duke emerge from the hospital in fatigue . some enlist man be toss a football around . one of they make a wild throw and the ball roll to a stop at trapper 's foot . he stop to look at it and the other two halt with he . then very slowly , trapper lean over and pick up the ball , wave hawkeye downfield . hawkeye comply unquestioningly and when he be about thirty yard away , trapper whip a perfect pass into he arm . hawkeye just stand where he be , hold the ball , oblivious of the enlist man who want it back , as trapper and Duke continue toward he . revelation jolt he with apocalyptic force . hawkeye Jesus to Jesus and eight hand around ! Duke , do I ever tell you how I beat Dartmouth by intercept a pass ? duke sixteen time . hawkeye we do not have a chance , little androscoggin College against the Big Green , but there be this blizzard and we hold then nothing nothing till the last twenty second . then this great passer of theirs let one go , snow and all ... trapper lucky you do not have you mouth open or it would have go down you throat . hawkeye he 's trapper John ! only man in history who ever find fulfillment in the lady ' can of a Boston and Maine railroad car ! when the conductor catch he in there with he Winter Carnival date , she scream : ' he trap I ! ' what have you be do since that day , trapper ? duke what do he have to do ? a score like that , a man could just live on he reputation . the enlist man , increasingly concerned about they football , be mutter mutinously to each other . hawkeye be too carry away about trapper 's identity to notice this till trapper call it to he attention . trapper ( to hawkeye ) Ball . hawkeye look at the football and at the enlist man , and , finally get the point , throw it back to they . trapper ( relieved to find another subject ) what give over there ? they look across the compound to the shower tent , behind which a Army truck full of gis have just pull up . while hawkeye and Duke explain what 's go on to trapper , and the three of they move in for a closer look , we see the visit gis drop one by one from the rear of the truck , pay they admission fee and take they place in the line lead up to the strategically place peep hole in the rear corner of the tent . duke must be painlee pole Day in the shower tent . hawkeye ( to trapper ) you meet he . Walt waldowski , the Dental Officer . duke Nice guy , for a enamel surgeon . trapper what be they peek at ? Captain waldowski in the shower ? hawkeye part of he . painless be the owner and operator of the pride of hamtrack . that 's where he come from ... hamtrack , Michigan . duke best equip dentist in the whole goddam Army . Care to have a look , a man with you background ? hawkeye Way we hear it , the pride be suppose to have run up the high lifetime bat average ever record in Wayne County . ext . shower tent '' day corporal judson from Mississippi take he turn at the peephole . his speech be that of the rural southern black . judson ah would purely love to see it angry . time lapse : int . operating room '' night hawkeye and Duke be work on a patient about whose chance they face reveal extreme pessimism . the nurse in attendance be Leslie . hawkeye take the patient 's blood pressure and frown at the read . hawkeye this kid look like a loser . maybe we better get the bead-jiggler to put in a fix . duke ( to Leslie ) call dago Red . time lapse : int . operating room '' night without interfere with the administration of blood and other medical measure , dago Red be just finish give last rite to the patient . dago red ... May God remit unto thee the pain of the present and future life , open to thee the gate of heaven , and bring thee to everlast life . ( make the sign of the Cross ) May almighty God bless thee , Father , Son and Holy ghost . leslie ( take patient 's pulse ) Duke ... she want he to feel it and he do , reacting excitedly . duke slow down ! hawkeye meanwhile be check blood pressure again . hawkeye go up . Nice work , Red . time lapse : int . the swamp '' day dago Red be the cocktail guest of the three swampmen . Ho - jon sit in he usual place on the floor , follow everything that 's say and refilling martini glass wherever need . dago red there 's sort of a build - in prayer for the sick man to get well , but of course that 's not the basic intention . hawkeye I do not care about the intention . I just know you Cross action be a plus on we side . I have see it come through four time . duke and you have have a natural four time in a row in a crap game . right ? do that mean ...? hawkeye not without lot of praying and kissing the dice . ( to dago Red ) it 's a different ritual but it work the same . duke what do you think , trapper ? trapper I ? I be raise a mackerel - snapper ... dago Red give he a quick , intent look , which hawkeye note . trapper ... but I turn in my knee pad . hawkeye Ho - jon , give the Father some more martini . dago red just a taste , Ho -jon. ( to the group ) I would better get to the point ... what I come here for today . duke you come because we ask you , for a drink . hawkeye we want to tell you how you be help we with you fix . dago red well , sure , but I be also worried about Walt waldowski '' painless . his poker player get in a argument and ask he for a ruling , and he say what difference do it make , it be just a card game . it 's obvious from the shocked reaction of the swampmen that the priest could not have report a more ominous symptom . hawkeye I guess I be get a toothache I better have look at . brief time lapse : int . dental clinic '' day there be no activity around the dental chair , but the nonstop poker game be thriving as hawkeye enter , carry a bottle in a paper bag . the player be evenly divide between officer ( ugly JOHN , murrhardt and a visit helicopter pilot ) and enlist man ( vollmer , radar and judson ) . ugly JOHN take a seat , Hawk . we can use a fresh pigeon . hawkeye get to see the man about a tooth . where be he ? radar ( to vollmer ) call . with a pair of king . ( to hawkeye , point to smaller tent attach ) Inside . hawkeye go on into painless ' private quarter . vollmer ( indignantly , to radar ) how can you call with one lousy pair ? ought to be a house rule against mind read . brief time lapse : int . painless ' tent '' day painless be lie on he back on the cot , stare blankly at the ceiling . hawkeye have pour drink from he bottle and be sip he , but painless ' remain untouched . painless if a man be not a man anymore , what 's he get leave to live for ? hawkeye tell I the whole story , Walt . painless there 's this native broad work in the laundry . I do not know if you have notice . hawkeye there 's only one worth notice . painless you notice . I be not go to fool around over here . I have get this three girl I be engage to back home ... he indicate three photograph of young woman , display with equal prominence . any one of they could make miss America . painless but I have this feel I ought to make the effort . to test myself . and I flunk . hawkeye what do you have to test , for God 's sake ... the dental Don Juan of Detroit ? painless Don juanism be just a cover ... I have be read up on it . ( emotionally overcome , turn away ) I be a fake , I be a fraud , I have be live a lie ! move by the intensity of he self - denunciation , hawkeye bend down close to painless , put a comforting hand on he shoulder . hawkeye painless , you must not talk that way . it 's a lot of crap . cover for what ? painless homosexuality . hawkeye straighten abruptly , he hand rise from painless ' shoulder as from a hot stove . painless now I know that 's be my problem since I be a kid . but it only catch up to I last night . hawkeye you have be draw to other male ? since you be a kid ? painless no , never in the slight . hawkeye just in dream ? painless or in dream either . I repress it completely . classic pattern of inhibition . hawkeye that 's what you have be do all this year with every dame you could lay you hand on ? repressing you real self ? painless but it 's all over now , and I can not face it . imagine if you find out you be one , you would not like break the news to you wife . well , I get the same problem multiply . hawkeye you do not have any problem . you have get thirty good year ahead of you , easy . maybe you will have to cut down as you grow older , get along with just two fiance , but ... painless no , one thing I finally know for sure , I will never function with a woman again . time lapse : int . the swamp '' night hawkeye be report to Duke and trapper . murrhardt and bandini be there , as well as Ho - jon . hawkeye there ought to be a law against dentist read . matter of fact , I think there be . anyway , this be a obsession . he can not be persuade out of it . ho - jon ( appear in doorway ) he 's comin ' this - a- way ! the jaw - breaker ! duke y'all just act natural . hawkeye get out the scotch , Ho - jon . ( to the other ) do not mention the sex thing unless he bring it up . a perfunctory knock on the door be immediately follow by the entrance of painless . duke how you , Walt ? we be just fix to have a nightcap . trapper ( to Ho - jon ) pour one for painless . Ho - jon serve drink all around . there be a silence as each of the host try to think of a conversational open . painless I think you guy ought to know . I be go to commit suicide . this lead to another silence , break by trapper , who do not go so far as to stand up but lean way out from he sack to grasp the dentist by the hand . trapper miss you , Walt . duke he say it for we all , Walt . bandidi how about leave I you record player ? hawkeye how do you figure to go ? forty - five between the eye ? duke powerful sloppy . murrhardt reliable though . painless that 's really what I come here for . see what you guy recommend . hawkeye ( as in a medical consultation ) well , I be sure my colleague will agree there be a number of dependable measure for extinguish the vital force . trapper Black capsule . hawkeye the black capsule . finest kind . thank you , Dr. mcintyre . painless what be it ? trapper easy , pleasant , never-miss ride . hawkeye in the direction you want to go . painless you guy get any black capsule ? duke for a buddy we get whatever it take to stamp out the last spark of life . time lapse : int . dago red' tent '' day the priest be sit at he desk read he breviary when hawkeye and trapper enter . trapper go over to Red 's beer supply , open it and distribute three can while hawkeye greet they host . hawkeye how they goin ' , lose preacher ? what do you hear from the Pope ? dago red you talk to Walt ? hawkeye he 's parte he mooring . trapper we be throw he a last Supper . we come to invite you . hawkeye the painless pole plan to cross the great divide tonight and we need you help to straighten he out . dago red what do you want I to do ? hawkeye put in one of you fix . Walt know he 's louse himself with the Church , but it 's part of we plan to make he think he have the key to the kingdom . which he will think if you grease the skid for he . dago red I do not think I can give absolution to a man who 's about to commit suicide . it 's a mortal sin . hawkeye what be , Red , the intention or the act ? dago red ( confuse ) I believe it take both . I would have to look it up . hawkeye just use common sense . you job be prevent sin , and the way to do that be give he you best Cross action . trapper or you can let he knock himself out . you personally would be send he to he grave . hawkeye a eternal damnation . dago red ( feel cornere ) I do not know . I be not sure what the military vicar 's office would think ... trapper they sure as hell will not hear about it from we . time lapse : int . dental clinic '' night the poker table , and dental chair have be remove to make room for two long table from the mess Hall . at this a sumptuous , candlelit , stag banquet be come to a end . the guest be doctor , administrative officer , chopper pilot and enlist man . Duke be on he foot , raise a glass of champagne in a toast . ( all we male cast except Henry and Frank ) duke y'all come here to say a final goodbye to we old friend Walt . but maybe it be not so final . maybe he 's just go on ahead into the unknown to do a little recon job for we all . during this tribute the guest rise , they eye on the guest of honor , who sit with he food untouched , a vacant expression on he face . when Duke have finish and everyone have drunk the toast , they applaud and sit down again . trapper rap for attention and indicate hawkeye , who rise . hawkeye I just get this one thing to say . nobody order Walt to take on this mission . he volunteer , for certain death . that 's what we award we high medal for . that 's what be a soldier be all about . except for painless himself , the gather be deeply move by this think , some of they to the point of tear . again trapper restore order . trapper only one man here can add anything to that . he look to dago Red , who stand up , dress for the first time in the priestly vestment he wear for Sunday mass . he walk to where painless sit and there begin the viaticum ( holy communion for that in danger of death ) . dago red receive , my brother , this food for you journey ... a coffin , borne into the room by two enlist man while Red be still speak , be line with blanket , equip with a pillow for comfortable recline prior to the onset of death , and furnish with memento of painless ' earthly career : two fresh deck of card , a box of poker chip , a fifth of scotch , some basic dental instrument and the photograph of he three fiance . it be set down on the floor next to painless , who regards it with the first show of interest he have manifest during the proceedings . dago red ( bestow the sacred host ) ... the body of we Lord Jesus Christ , that he may guard you from the wick enemy and lead you into everlast life . amen . Red be make the sign of the Cross when painless ' curiosity assert itself . painless what the hell 's that ? trapper coffin . your . painless I be not even dead yet . hawkeye you be a pretty heavy guy to lug around . be a hell of a lot more convenient for everybody if you get into the box as soon as you have take the capsule . he produce and open a small box , inside which , surround by pure white cotton , a black capsule be display like a rare jewel . dago Red , meanwhile , prefer not to know what happen from here on , make he way out . painless ( scrutinize the capsule ) how do you take it ? duke ( appear at he side with tumbler of whiskey ) with whiskey . a good swallow first and a big one afterwards . speed it into the bloodstream . painless take the tumbler from he with one hand , the capsule with the other . he downs a good-size swig of whiskey , then , with the capsule in front of he face , hesitates . painless you guy sure this will do the job ? duke we would not give you nothing but the best . trapper we stand behind all we work . hawkeye you want it straight ? Medical history record no instance of anyone take this particular prescription and survive . painless here go nothing . he pop the capsule into he mouth and wash it down with a large drink of whiskey . hawkeye gesture to the wait coffin . painless get up and lower himself into it . painless how much time do I have ? hawkeye just about enough to say goodbye to everybody . ( announce ) line up over here , man , if you want to pay you last respects . keep move and file on out when you be through . painless I wonder , if Red 's fix swing it for I , what 's heaven really like ? trapper it 's a bedroom where a man be always at he peak and do not have to take any time out . hawkeye and all the angel be build like Lieutenant dish . the last Supper guest be filing by the coffin , bend low to shake painless ' hand and murmur word of farewell . duke drink up , Walt . one for the glory road . he hold the glass to painless ' lip , help he down the rest of the whiskey . time lapse : int . postop ward '' night hawkeye finish check a patient , look to doorway and see lieutenant dish stand there . he cross to join she . hawkeye thanks for come , Maria . ( take she arm and lead she through exit ) sorry it have to be so late . ext . mash compound '' night hawkeye and Lieutenant dish walk from the postop Ward . lieutenant dish I could not have sleep tonight anyhow . hawkeye you be leave tomorrow ? lieutenant dish in less than twelve hour I will be on my way . hawkeye that 's when the real strain start . Three week on a troopship . ( embrace she ) poor baby . lieutenant dish ( kissing he ) dear , sweet hawkeye . hawkeye though I guess who it will really be rough on be you husband . lieutenant dish you be on he side all of the sudden ? hawkeye a man would be more considerate . he would not come home to he wife a nervous wreck . lieutenant dish how would he avoid it ... as if I need to ask ? hawkeye it could be a purely impersonal thing . what matter be the therapeutic value of relieving you tension . lieutenant dish you should have be a marriage counselor . ( draw he head closer to hers ) but I will show you what 's wrong with you theory . they kiss passionately . dish be shake by it and that show in she voice when she continue make she point . lieutenant dish do you think anything between we could be impersonal ? or pure ? you better forget logic , because you be prove why I should not go to bed with you . hawkeye ( after a moment of massive internal struggle ) I do not mean with I . it take a couple of second for what he have say to penetrate she consciousness . she look at he incredulously . lieutenant dish you be ask for somebody else ? hawkeye it happen to be a matter of life and death . lieutenant dish a man be go to die if he do not have my fair young body ? hawkeye precisely , Maria . tonight you have the same privilege that come on rare occasion to the chief executive of some state or nation ... the privilege of restore life , by one tender act of mercy , to a doom fellow creature . while he be speak , a blue light go on in a tent in the background . as they turn to see what be go on , four man carry a heavy box approach the tent . ext . blue - lit tent '' night ( officer's club ) at closer range the box be reveal to be painless ' coffin with the depart dentist inside it . the four man who carry it into the tent be radar , judson , boone and seidman . this tent do not have a wooden door like the swamp , just a flap . brief time lapse : ext . blue - lit tent '' night the four enlist man carry the coffin , empty , out of the tent . then hawkeye and dish appear , move slowly toward the tent as he continue to break down she resistance . hawkeye he should come to now for a while , but he 's get so much dope in he by tomorrow he will not know fact from fantasy . lieutenant dish you think he will not . hawkeye what do you care ? you will be on you way to Japan . lieutenant dish I be fond of painless , and I would feel terrible if anything happen to he ... hawkeye it 's you decision , Maria . I do not want to high - pressure you . lieutenant dish I would be crazy to think my virtue , such as it be , be more important than he life ... hawkeye in fact I would rather not try to influence you at all . ( open tent flap ) let 's just go in and take a look , and then you think it through for yourself . int . blue - lit tent '' night the tent have be fix up with all the resource at they disposal '' cushion , parachute cloth , mirror and little touch of elegance gather from all over the post '' to resemble a luxurious bedroom on the home front . lying in bed ( the pool table ) between clean , invite sheet be painless . the boy have undress he as we can see by he bare shoulder . hawkeye take dish by the hand and lead she to the side of the bed . hawkeye one last look at he ... ( raise sheet , uncover painless to the knee ) ... still alive ... ( slip raise sheet into dish 's grasp ) ... the whole man . dish 's eye pop at what she see . so astound be she that she do not notice hawkeye have give she the sheet and make off . lieutenant dish my God , hawkeye , I never realize ... I never even dream ... ( become aware he 's no longer at she side ) hawkeye ! Hawk ... she find he 's disappear altogether . she can not resist turn she gaze back to the uncover painless . then she drop the sheet . ext . blue - lit tent '' night the tent flap drop into place , continue the movement of the sheet . we attention be draw up the front of the tent to its peak , which point firmly upwards . time lapse : ext . the swamp '' morning there be the SOUND of a helicopter overhead . hawkeye emerge from the tent to look at it , verify that it be come from the peaceful south rather than the embattle north . then he see Lieutenant dish come out of she tent , wear she Army uniform and follow by one of the enlist man carry she bag . hawkeye wave goodbye but dish do not see he . her face , see up close , have a serene , faraway look , neither happy nor unhappy , but enrich by experience . hawkeye be not distress by she failure to acknowledge he ; he understand it 's a question of preoccupation and not a deliberate snub . he start across the compound to the mess Hall , note that the helicopter be descend to land on the far side of the hospital . ext . landing area outside 4077th mash '' morning there be a small welcoming party on hand , head by Henry himself , to greet the passenger arrive in the helicopter . when it land the door be open and hot lip ( as she will soon be know ) get out smartly , which be the way she do everything . her official name be Major Margaret houlihan and she be tallish , willowish , blondish , fortyish , prettyish . she and Henry exchange salute and then shake hand . the other in the greeting party be out of the habit of salute , and have to be remind by a stern look from they command Officer . as Henry and hot lip , follow by the other , head for the hospital entrance , Lieutenant dish appear with the enlist man behind she . she get into the helicopter and he lift she bag in after she . a moment later the chopper be airborne again . int . mess hall '' day one of the first people hawkeye see in the officer 's section be painless , who be eat a enormous breakfast with great gusto . hawkeye Morning painless . how they goin ' ? painless Big day . two jaw to rebuild . int . postop ward '' day Frank be listen gravely to a wounded soldier 's heartbeat through a stethoscope . stand by await order be private boone . Frank have a disturb reaction to the lack of vital sign from the patient . frank ( to boone ) get I one c.c. of adrenaline and a cardiac needle . boone what 's a ...? frank never mind question . get they ! as boone dash off with no comprehension of the errand he be suppose to perform , trapper , a couple of bed away , in the soile fatigue he wear on nonoperate room duty , can see and hear what be go on . while he watch , Frank check the patient further and establish that he be dead . with a disappointed sigh , he drop the man 's lifeless arm and throw the bedcover back over he up to he neck . int . operating room '' day Henry be show hot lip through the hospital and introduce she to personnel . at the moment he be present knocko . henry Captain Williams , Major . ( to knocko ) Major houlihan be we new Chief nurse . knocko hold out she hand in friendly greeting , and be startle to find hot lip expect a salute instead . int . postop ward '' day trapper , have observe Frank 's recognition of the fact he patient be dead , be unprepare for what the Major do when boone come run back with a syringe , a small vial and a ordinary hypodermic needle . boone ( anxiously ) this what you want , Major ? frank ( look at vial ) no , you idiot . I say adrenaline . and a cardiac needle . he turn back to the patient and go all over again through the same check process he follow before . boone ( desperately ) I will ask a nurse ! frank it 's too late . you kill he , boone . a ghastly look appear on boone 's face . he try to say something , can not get it out , and burst into tear instead . then additionally ashamed of himself for this weakness , he run out . Frank , decide not to discipline the boy for the display of unsoldierly conduct , be proceeding about he business when trapper accost he . trapper you get a moment , Frank ? he indicate the Utility room , which lead off the operate room and the postop Ward . when Frank assent , trapper open the door and usher he in . int . utility room '' day it 's a small room contain , among other item , a table with a pot of coffee and cup which be available to medical personnel at all hour . trapper you all through work for the day ? frank yes , I be . why do you want to know ? trapper make sure you get time to sleep this off . he put he whole hundred and thirty pound behind a right uppercut that land squarely on Frank 's jaw . at the same instant the door from the operate room open , and Henry gallantly make way for hot lip to precede he . henry this be the ... Frank drop to the floor , momentarily knock out . henry t-trapper !... c-c - Captain mcintyre ... what the hell ... ? hot lip ( stare at trapper incredulously ) that 's a captain ? Frank be come to and could probably get back into the fight by a count of eight if he have any desire to . henry ( to trapper ) what 's go on ? who start this ? trapper you mean who hit who ? henry yes , that 's what I mean . trapper I do . first and only blow . so far . frank ( get up ) he would not have touch I if I would have my guard up . let we settle this between ourselves , Colonel . alone . henry what do you think I be run , a English board school ? mcintyre , you be under arrest . confine yourself to quarter , pend a investigation . trapper if you say so , Henry . but remember my claustrophobia . henry ( to hot lip ) I deeply regret this unfortunate incident . we try to remember we be a military organization . hot lip I certainly would have think so . time lapse : int . the swamp '' night Henry be stand indignantly over trapper , who be sip a beer in he sleep bag . Duke , hawkeye and Ho - jon be witness to the encounter . henry ( yell ) what 's wrong with you ? trapper I do not know . I must have lose my punch . I do not think the son-of - a - bitch would get up . hawkeye stop act like a colonel , Henry . you know trapper would not sock he without a good reason . henry there 's no reason good enough for one medical officer to strike another . duke that there Frank burn be a menace . whenever a patient croak on he it 's either God 's will or somebody else 's fault . hawkeye this time he do it to a kid who 's simple enough to believe he . why do not you dump the mother , Henry ? he create more work than he get do . henry I should fire he because he get in the way of trapper 's fist ? no . I have put up with a lot from you guy , but now I finally have to take disciplinary action . hawkeye Christ . all of a sudden it 's West Point . duke what be you go to do with he ? henry well ... ( to trapper ) I be go to name you Chief surgeon ... ( to hawkeye ) to consult on both shift , yours and franks . duke hey , that 's great , Henry ! good think ! hawkeye first decent idea you have have in a month . henry now I will have to wait at least a week . if I announce it tomorrow , after what we new Chief nurse see this afternoon , they would hear she yell from Seoul to Washington . time lapse : int . mess hall '' day hot lip 's handsome face be relaxed into she most charming smile as she approach hawkeye at the table where he sit by himself have a late breakfast after a long night 's work . hawkeye ( like trapper and Duke ) no longer make any attempt at a proper military appearance . hot lip Captain pierce , would I be impose ...? hawkeye honey , nobody as pretty as you could ever impose ... please sit down . coffee ? he offer she some from the pot beside he , and she hold out a cup while he pour it . hot lip Captain , I have be observe the nurse on you shift . but naturally you own opinion be more inform than mine . hawkeye I be glad you feel that way , Major , because you see it 's a team effort ... doctor , nurse , enlist man ... and I feel responsible for my whole team , and I want you to know I be satisfied with they . hot lip all of they ? hawkeye that 's right . we work well together . hot lip Major burn be far from satisfied . hawkeye that do not surprise I . if you be a good observer , you must have observe by now that Frank burn be a jerk . hot lip on the contrary , I have observe he 's not only a good technical surgeon , he 's a good military surgeon . and that include how a man dress and how he bear himself and he sense of what it mean to be a officer in the United States Army . hawkeye and he track record , that do not count ? look , honey , when you watch the two shift try to notice which one do the most work with the least fuss . hot lip I have notice that both nurse and enlist man address you as ' hawkeye . ' hawkeye it 's my name . maybe that sound silly to you but ... hot lip that kind of familiarity be inconsistent with maximum efficiency in a military organization . hawkeye okay , Major , honey . ( push back he chair ) I be go to have a couple shot scotch and go to bed . I would normally ask you to join I but obviously you be a female version of the routine regular Army clown . and that turn I off , so just leave my outfit alone and we will get along fine . ( stand up to go ) see you around the campus . hot lip ( icily ) I wonder how a degenerate person like you could have reach a position of responsibility in the Army Medical Corps . hawkeye sister , if I know the answer to that I sure as hell would not be here . time lapse : ext . / int . mess hall '' day ( snow on ground ) people be go in and out of the mess Hall , when a announcement come over the public address system . vollmer' voice ( over p.a. system ) attention , everybody . I have a announcement . ' effective today , thirteen April , Captain John S. mcintyre , U.S. Army Reserve , be appoint Chief surgeon at 4077th mobile Army surgical Hospital . Henry B. blake , command Officer . ' ( informally , on he own ) Nice go , trapper . Ugly John and Captain bandini shake trapper 's hand in congratulation . the only two officer in the outfit who do not like the news come out of the mess Hall together : Major burn and houlihan . hot lip there 's no point appeal to Colonel blake . they have get he bewitch . frank no . the only thing to do be write General hammond . ( know perfectly well she have she own tent ) but it 's hard to find a place around here for a private discussion . hot lip I have a tent to myself . frank people will talk . hot lip I do not mind . if we give they something to talk about . time lapse : int . hot lip' tent '' night hot lip finish read the letter she and Frank have draft , sign it and stand up as she fold it and put it in a prepare envelope . hot lip I think it 's a marvelous letter . frank we be a good team . hot lip we think the same way . frank it 's supper time . ( as casually as he can say it ) but you be not hungry be you ? hot lip ravenous . what about you ? frank ( try to hide he disappointment ) well , sure , if you be , Margaret ... hot lip anyway , we want to get this letter off . he grab she and kiss she and from she reaction we get a clear picture of the kind of female she be . she respond to the kiss fervently , press she lip and body against he , but the moment she decide to end it she switch right back to she businesslike manner . hot lip the sooner it reach he , the sooner we can turn this into a tight military outfit . brief time lapse : int . mash MAIN build '' at mail deposit BOX '' night Frank deposit the letter in the box while hot lip stand by . then they proceed on they way to the mess Hall , unaware that they have be observe by radar on the other side of the partition into which the mailbox be set . int . mash MAIN build '' night radar pick up the letter Frank deposit and read the address . int . the swamp '' night there be a party go on . present , in addition to the three occupant , be painless , Ugly John , bandini , judson , vollmer , Ho - jon , boone , murrhardt and seidman . radar enter , engage hawkeye 's attention and show he the letter . hawkeye glance through it , look to radar for confirmation and , get it , tear up the letter . meanwhile under Duke 's leadership , a bedpan be affix with adhesive tape to trapper 's head . duke hail to the chief ! we - all get a responsibility , man . he 's crown like a king ought to be , but he can not just walk to the mess Hall by himself . he have to be carry by native bearer . hawkeye good think , Duke . how about it , Ho - jon ? can you round up a few of the boy ? ho - jon I do not get what you mean , native bearer . murrhardt bear be the same thing as carry . ho - jon it 's the other word I be not sure . hawkeye ( afraid of where this be lead ) never mind . forget it . duke ( simultaneously ) a native be someone who be bear in a particular place . ho - jon and if I go to New York , the native there will carry I ? I do not think so . hawkeye I do not think so either . duke I do not think I should have open my big mouth . sorry , Ho - jon . ho - jon ( smile ) that 's okay . live a little , learn a little . time lapse : int . mess hall '' night Frank and hot lip , sit by themselves in a corner be disgust , and the rest of the people there be mildly amused , by the spectacle of trapper 's entrance . the new Chief surgeon , still wear he bedpan crown , be borne in on he cot by hawkeye , Duke , painless and Ugly John . they set he down and break into song . duke , hawkeye , painless and ugly JOHN ( sing ) hail to the Chief and King of all the surgeon he need a queen to satisfy he urgin' . trapper ( loudly , point at hot lip ) I would like to try out that one over there . hawkeye very well , you majesty . ( start toward Frank and hot lip ) congratulation , Frank . he pick you . trapper no , no , that one . hawkeye oh , you want to play it straight ? ( to hot lip ) I guess I owe you a apology . her eye blaze with indignation , hot lip get up and stalk out . Frank follow she . time lapse : int . hot lip ' tent '' night Frank be sit next to hot lip on she cot with a soothing arm around she . frank godless buffoon , all of they . hot lip ( she hand on he face , turn it towards she ) it 's that disrespect for you , that 's what I can not forgive they . frank oh , I be use to it . what make I sore be how they behave towards you . ( pull she into a tight embrace ) they ought to be grateful to have you . ( kiss she , he hand vanish beneath she skirt ) I certainly be . hot lip ( undoing one of he button and slide she hand under he blouse ) and I be grateful for you , Frank , especially with that boor around . we have grow very close in a short time . he kiss she around the neck and bosom , remove such of the clothing as get in the way . frank it be not just chance , I be sure of that . God mean we to find each other . instead of linger on a scene that threaten to become pornographic , we attention be draw down beneath hot lip ' cot , where a strange object be be insert under the canvas wall of the tent . it be a microphone . hot lip his will be do . ( then , in excited response to a inflammatory move on he part ) da-a-arl ! ext . hot lip ' tent '' night radar , who have just plant the microphone , let a coil of wire spin out as he move away . brief time lapse : int . henry's outer office '' night gather here illicitly , in what be not only sergeant vollmer 's domain but the communication hub of the post , be trapper , Duke , radar and Ugly John . they be listen , on they own private speaker , to what be be say in hot lip ' tent . hot lip ' voice ( over speaker ) Frank ... Frank ... Frank ... Frank ... Frank ... duke what would 'y 'all reckon he 's do to she ? trapper caste she horoscope . franks voice ( over speaker ) give I you lip , love . set I on fire . duke ( to radar ) plug it in , boy . we get no call to be selfish with a show like this . radar accordingly transfer the lead from the microphone to the outlet for the post loudspeaker system . ext . enlisted men' tent '' night the occupant of one tent be engage in a crap game , while the man in the adjoin one be settling down for the night . they be all dumbfounded to hear hot lip ' voice over the public address speaker . hot lip ' voice ( over speaker ) I want you to make love to I all night . I do not want anything to take you away from I . int . operating room '' night hawkeye be perform surgery on a patient , assist by Captain bandini . both doctor and Leslie , the nurse work with they , have stop to listen to the lover ' dialogue come over the or speaker . franks voice ( over speaker ) nothing can , with the Colonel go . I be in charge tonight . int . hot lip ' tent '' night Frank be on top of hot lip and , though the detail of they amorous activity be hide under the cover , we can see enough to know it be reach a climax . hot lip I like a man who be in charge . each word she speak be instantly echoed on the speaker system so that the word " charge " be still sounding after she have finish say it . she suddenly realize there be something wrong , though she do not immediately figure out what it be . hot lip ( disturb ) Frank ... frank do not stop now ! please ... the word " please " be repeat so distinctly outside that , while Frank in he critical condition remain unaware of it , hot lip sit bolt upright , push he aside . hot lip wait a second ... frank I can not ... could not . ext . front of the 4077 th '' day a Jeep drive by Henry pull up near the hospital entrance , from which radar emerge to meet he . Leslie also join they . radar good morning , Colonel . henry Morning , radar . how be thing ? radar splendid , sir . no problem . henry Morning , Captain . leslie Morning , Colonel . int . mess hall '' day hot lip be finish breakfast at a table with some of the other nurse . Frank be sit near she but at another table with a handful of male officer , include hawkeye directly opposite he . Duke and trapper enter together as hot lip rise to leave . trapper ( cheerily , to nurse ) Morning , girl . good morning Major . hot lip ( coldly ) good morning . duke hiya , Frank . hiya , hot lip . Duke and trapper continue on they way to they table in the officer ' section . Frank react angrily and be about to go after Duke when hot lip touch he shoulder and speak in a low tone . hot lip no , leave all the rowdiness to they . calm down , drink you coffee . hawkeye probably can not make out she exact word , but he gaze follow she as she go out the open door . the he look at Frank , bend low across the table as if he , too , have something confidential to say , but actually speak quite distinctly . hawkeye tell I , Frank , be that stuff you be tapping any good ? Frank react with such rage he can not speak for a moment . ext . mess hall '' day Henry , Leslie and radar , pass by the mess Hall entrance , encounter hot lip on she way out . her salute catch Henry by surprise , but he make a quick stab at return it though he attention be on what he see through the mess Hall window . henry ( to radar ) hawkeye and Frank burn . that 's encourage . int . mess hall '' day hawkeye , who can see Henry outside ( which Frank can not ) , affect surprise at receive no answer to he question . hawkeye I be just ask ... frank shut up or I will tear you apart . ext . mess hall '' day henry can you make out what they be talk about ? radar I can try , sir . int . mess hall '' day hawkeye I only want to know what she 's like in the sack . do that big boob hold up or be they kind of droopy ? ext . mess hall '' day radar ( to Henry ) hawkeye 's ask the Major 's opinion on a point of anatomy . int . mess hall '' day hawkeye also I be curious whether she 's a moaner or ... frank say that again and I will kill you . ext . mess hall '' day radar the Major wish to have the question repeat . int . mess hall '' day hawkeye you know , do she go in for sound effect ...? he keep a wary eye on Frank while talk , and thus be able to duck the coffee pot Frank hurl at he . from where Henry stand in the doorway , this act of unprovoke aggression be astonish enough , for he can see hawkeye innocently eat he cereal , but the Colonel be even more amaze when Frank follow it by spring across the table onto hawkeye and raining blow on he . hawkeye put up no resistance but simply cover he head and scream . hawkeye help ! he 's go mad ! help , somebody ! time lapse : ext . mash compound '' day two mps be drag Frank in a straitjacket to a mp Jeep . they load he into the back and one of they get in alongside he while the other take the wheel . watch the mps drive off with they prisoner be Henry , Duke and trapper . duke Fair 's fair , Henry . if I get into hot lip and jump hawkeye pierce , do I get to go home , too ? time lapse : ext . republic of korea army induction CENTER in seoul '' day ( snow be gone ) it be now February . a jeep with hawkeye at the wheel , Ho - jon beside he , drive up to the entrance . hawkeye give Ho - jon a final instruction as the boy get out of the Jeep and go into the building . hawkeye find a place to park in the shade . Lieutenant scorch be with they . lieutenant scorch it be really nice of you to take I along . hawkeye I do not have much choice . lieutenant scorch you really say the cutest thing . hawkeye yeah ! int . korean army induction CENTER '' day the locale be establish by the presence of military personnel in uniform and the fact that a korean army doctor , with the aid of one assistant , be examine in quick succession a long line of naked young Korean boy . Ho - jon 's turn come up and we see how perfunctory the process be : a brief overall scrutiny for visible defect , a blood pressure read , and the application of a stethoscope to a few key spot . Ho - jon look healthy and the doctor be startle by the unexpected reaction he get on apply the stethoscope to the boy 's heart . he turn to check the blood pressure figure which he assistant be about to record on the form he have take from Ho - jon . apparently the pressure be just as out - of-line as the heartbeat , and the doctor feel Ho - jon be ineligible for military service . korean doctor ( to assistant , in Korean ) we can not take this one . his heartbeat be much too fast , and he blood pressure be dangerously high . ( to Ho - jon ) have you ever see a doctor before ? ( abruptly , to assistant ) wait a minute ! what do it say there about where he 's be work ? ( take Ho - jon 's form and read the information for himself ; then , to assistant ) get the check on he urine sample right away . ( to Ho - jon ) you will have to wait around for a while , young man . I need some more information before I talk to you again . brief time lapse : ext . korean army induction CENTER '' day hawkeye , with Lieutenant scorch , wait in the Jeep , be startle at be address by a stranger , whom he recognize as the doctor that examine Ho - jon . Ho - jon be with he . korean doctor ( in English ) you please excuse ... ( as hawkeye turn and see they ) I have be make examination of this young man to find if he will be soldier in we army . hawkeye yes , I know . hi , Ho - jon . how do it go ? korean doctor I do not like it at all , what I hear when I listen to the heart . and such a blood pressure for so young a boy . be frightening . hawkeye I be sorry to hear that . you think he 's unfit for military service ? korean doctor at first be no doubt . but then I be see on he paper he work in american hospital . and I think there be so many drug in such a place , he could take some by mistake . hawkeye why would he do that ? korean doctor who be know ? but the drug I have find in he urine be solving all mystery . by tomorrow will be go he fast heart and high blood pressure . so I think maybe you will like to tell he goodbye . okay ? he give hawkeye a warm smile and leave the two of they alone . it 's clear from hawkeye 's expression that he have no choice but to admit defeat . hawkeye sorry , Ho - jon . I do not think they would be that sharp . but I be still go to start the ball roll for you to go to college in America when you get out . my old school , androscoggin . time lapse : ext . officer ' latrine '' day it 's a warm spring day in a climate much like the northeastern part of the United States . at first we see nothing but the latrine tent , which be identify by a sign . a couple of small missile propel with considerable force strike the canvas , but it be only when they roll back to the ground that we can identify they as golf ball . a closer look at the ground area reveal a dozen other ball scattered around , and then we see two Korean houseboy appear from protect place on the side of the tent , look carefully to make sure there be no more ball come , and proceed to gather up that on the ground . during this action there be the SOUND of a helicopter landing near the hospital . ext . field behind officer ' latrine '' day the disreputability in clothes and groom that have be increase with each view of the swampmen have reach a extreme stage in the view we now get of hawkeye and trapper . along with they soile fatigue pants , hawkeye wear a tear , dirty T-shirt of some unlikely color , trapper a sport shirt that look as if he have pick it up in Hawaii on the way over and wear it ever since . both be unshaven . each have a well - equip golf bag into which he now replace the iron club he have be use for the medium - range shot they have be practice . take out driver , they set tee in the ground and , as the houseboy run up with the ball , trapper indicate they will be shoot down the longest dimension of the field . after address the ball with a few practice swing , they deliver expert drive that be not only in the 250 - yard range but fairly straight in the intend direction . hawkeye ( pleased with himself ) I come within about ten yard of you . you know something , trapper , the way we be go , if we ever get to see a real golf course again , I bet we could burn it up . trapper as far as the green maybe . I do not know if my put would come back or not , without some practice . the SOUND of the helicopter take off again do not concern they till they realize it be head directly toward they . it come down so close to they they step back to avoid the wind from the propeller blade , which the pilot keep go as he and vollmer climb out . vollmer ( to pilot ) that 's he on the right . pilot that 's Captain mcintyre ? vollmer ( to trapper ) the Lieutenant 's fly up from Seoul just to find you . pilot you be Captain mcintyre ? trapper that 's what the Army call I . stick out you tongue , take off you shirt and tell I where it hurt you . his face show he bewilderment , the Pilot silently hand trapper a long white envelope and a large brown one . trapper tear open the white one , glance at the top copy of the order it contain . trapper '... proceed immediately to kokura , Japan ...' ( to Pilot ) do you know what this be about ? pilot there 's a GI there whose father 's a Congressman . a grenade go off in training and they think there 's a piece of it in he heart . trapper ( open brown envelope ) this he x-ray ? pilot yes , sir . apparently some big chest surgeon in Boston tell the Congressman the only man to take care of he son be Captain John mcintyre. ( he doubt undiminished ) I suppose there could be more than one doctor with that name ... trapper meanwhile have hold the x-ray up to the sunlight and invite hawkeye to look at they at the same time . trapper ( look back at order ; to hawkeye ) General hammond say I can take anyone along I need to assist I . want to come ? hawkeye use the pretense of scan the x-ray from another angle to draw trapper aside , so they can speak without the Pilot and vollmer hearing they . hawkeye I be not so sure the goddam thing 's in he heart . trapper ' course it be not , but how many chance do we get to go to Japan ? with we golf club . time lapse : ext . airport in kokura , japan '' day it be a bright , sunny afternoon in peaceful Japan . hawkeye and trapper , in the same outlandish clothes , walk from the military transport plane in which they have make the trip from Seoul , and approach a car with " 25 th station hospital " emblazon on its side . the driver , sergeant gorman , be asleep . with they golf club sling over they shoulder , they get into the back seat . hawkeye pull the door close with the loudest possible bang , and succeed in waking Gorman , who turn on they with outrage indignation . gorman garrada there ! trapper what ? hawkeye let I translate . I have have some exposure to the language . the young man be from Brooklyn and he want we to vacate this vehicle . trapper ( to Gorman ) but be not you suppose to meet the surgeon who be go to slice up the Congressman 's son ? gorman you guy be the quack ? hawkeye you betcher ever- loving a , buddy - boy . gorman poor kid . goddam Army . trapper but besides the operation , we have get to get in at least eighteen hole of golf . hawkeye so let 's haul ass , sergeant . gorman goddam Army . but he start the engine . time lapse : int . army car '' day there be silence between sergeant Gorman and he passenger as the military hospital come into view . but something else come into view in the distance at the same time : the unmistakable contour of a golf course . trapper look . hawkeye beautiful . what do you think ? should we stop and play nine hole now and operate on the kid later ? if he 's still alive . gorman goddam Army . trapper I think we ought to operate first , no frill , get through it on the double . then we will be nice and relaxed on the course . hawkeye good think . gorman goddam , goddam Army . they be come to a stop in front of the hospital . brief time lapse : int . 25 th station hospital '' day a pretty wac sit behind a reception desk do a job so utterly routine she do not even look up from she magazine when hawkeye put a question to she . hawkeye where 's the Congressman 's son at , honey ? pretty wac Ward six . but then she do glimpse enough of they costume to take a full look , and she reaction indicate clearly that she be not prepare for unkempt , unmilitary - look man carry golf bag . pretty wac hey you can not go in there ! who be you ? hawkeye I be the pro from dover and this be my favorite caddie . pretty wac well , you can not go in . no till you tell I you business and I check with Colonel merrill 's office . hawkeye ( relenting ) well , if you must know ... but trapper have meanwhile make a feint toward the door , to which the pretty wac respond by rise and interpose herself in he path . trapper ( to hawkeye ) hold it . if this soldier enforce she own order . I be ready to take she on . anxious . single combat . he move toward the girl , who hold she ground staunchly till they be almost in contact . then she take a step back , and continue to take one step backwards for each one of he in she direction . when they get close to the door , she resistance collapse entirely and she scurries back to she seat at the desk , where she grab the phone as trapper and hawkeye march through the door . pretty wac ( into phone ) Colonel marril 's office . int . 25 th station hospital '' day all personnel , american and japanese ( who , like the korean at mash , do the menial work ) react in surprise to the sight of trapper and hawkeye make they way around a few corner till they find Ward six . brief time lapse : int . ward six '' day two golf bag be propped against the foot of the Congressman 's son 's bed . trapper listen closely to the boy 's chest while hawkeye bend down to he ear to reassure he . a ward nurse hover near he , not actually cooperate with they but not defy they either . hawkeye ( to Congressman 's son ) do not worry , son . that 's Captain mcintyre , and he 's the best chest surgeon in the Far East and maybe in the whole U.S. Army . he will fix you up fine . you daddy see to that . trapper just like we think , it 's a routine problem . nurse , who 's in charge of operate room preparation ? by the time he have begin he question to she , the ward nurse have spot someone approach of whom she be in obvious dread . and it be at this figure that she point by way of answer : a firece look nurse corp captain . ward nurse sh-sh - she be . anticipate that a major confrontation be about to take place , trapper and hawkeye decide to keep it away from they patient 's beside . accordingly they pick up they golf bag and go to meet the advance Captain . nurse corp captain what be you hoodlum do in this hospital ? hawkeye ( politely ) we be surgeon , mar 'am , we be here to work . all we want be we start time . nurse corp captain you can not even look at a patient here till Colonel merrill say it 's okay . and he 's still out for lunch . trapper ( quietly ) look , mother . I want to go to work in one hour . we be the pro from dover and we figure to crack that kid 's chest and get out to the golf course before it 's dark . so find the gas-passer and tell he to premedicate the patient . then bring I the latest picture on he ; the one we see must be forty - eight hour old by now . and tell the kitchen to rustle up some lunch . Ham and egg will do ; steak would be even better . and give I at least one nurse who know how to work in close without get she tit in my way . ( as she hesitates ) you be go to have to move quick than that . I say a hour . time lapse : int . 25 th station hospital operating room '' day captain e.b. ( I lay ) marston be the anesthesiologist at the 25th . wearing gown , cap , and mask , he be busily at work check the Congressman 's son to make sure he be properly anesthetize . at that moment the door open and in come trapper and hawkeye , also wear or outfit , as be the two nurse who stand by wait for they . trapper look questioningly at I Lay , who answer with a nod that all be ready . time lapse : int . 25 th station hospital operating room '' day the atmosphere in the or be tense . hawkeye be maintain proper traction on the clamp that hold the lung in place , while trapper concentrate on remove the fragment . trapper get it . colonel merrill I demand a explanation ! colonel merrill , command Officer of the hospital , have storm through the or swinging door in full military uniform without any antiseptic precaution . hawkeye ( to circulate nurse ) get that dirty old man out of the operate room ! colonel merrill I be Colonel merrill ! hawkeye beat it , pop . if this chest get infect , I will tell the Congressman who do it . to everyone 's astonishment , include the Colonel 's , it work . he turn around and walk out without another word . most affect of all by hawkeye 's audacity be I Lay , who react with a sharp look in hawkeye 's direction and then by pick up he anesthesia chart and write , in the space label " first Assistant , " the name " hawkeye pierce . " trapper okay , I be close up . everybody relax . I lay ( to hawkeye ) May I have the surgeon 's name , please ? hawkeye he 's the pro from dover and I be the ghost of smokey Joe . I lay save that crap for the rest of the clamdigger back home . both surgeon stop work in they surprise . hawkeye look at the anesthesia chart and see where I Lay have write he name . then he take a closer look at I Lay himself , or what show of he between he cap and he mask . hawkeye ( to trapper ) do I ever tell you about I Lay marston ? trapper you high school friend who go around say ' I lay , you lay ? ' to all the young female in the community . as I remember , you say it be quite a successful approach . hawkeye well , he would not score more than once in seven or eight try , but the important thing be he do not waste time socialize . anyway , trapper John , this be I Lay . I lay the real trapper John ? the one who throw you the famous pass and go to great glory on the Boston and Maine railroad ? hawkeye the one and only . I lay proud to know you , trapper . like to shake you hand if you will hurry up and get that chest close . ( look around to make sure the nurse can not hear ) you still work the train ? trapper plane mostly . May take a crack at rickshaw . how do the direct approach work over here ? I lay I be out of action since I get over here five month ago . hawkeye you do not go after the local scrunch ? I lay I be too busy , actually . not for the Army , of course , but where I live . Dr. yamachi 's New era pediatric Hospital and whorehouse . I be serious . the guy have this crude hospital for kid and a whorehouse on the side to finance it , all in the same building . time lapse : int . surgeon ' dressing room , 25 th station hospital '' day hawkeye and trapper have wash and put they golf practice clothes back on . I Lay be dress in fresh fatigue with Captain 's bar . hawkeye ( to I Lay ) what do you do in the joint besides pimp ? I lay that 's about the only thing I do not do '' that I be build for . I inspect the girl and take care of some of the kid in the hospital . sometimes I tend bar and act as bouncer . a corporal enter with the manner of a messenger from on high . corporal Captain pierce ? Captain mcintyre ? Colonel merrill wish you to report to he office immediately . hawkeye tell he we will think about it . ( to trapper ) I suppose we do have to reach some sort of understanding with the old boy . trapper ( to I Lay ) what 's the bastard really like ? I lay ( for the corporal 's benefit as well as theirs ) Colonel merrill be a veteran of twenty - five year in the regular Army , a soldier first and a doctor second . a member of several patriotic organization , he believe it 's America 's god-given mission to maintain a foothold for freedom on the asian mainland . trapper that bad ? ( to hawkeye ) but I guess you be right . we might as well see he . ( reach for golf bag , to corporal ) get any caddie cart ? corporal what ? trapper just sling he golf bag over he shoulder with a sigh , as do hawkeye . I Lay , meanwhile , have write a few word on a scrap of paper . trapper ( to corporal ) never mind . I lay ( hand paper to hawkeye ) the address of the n.e.p.h. and W. why do not you meet I there when you be through golf for drink and dinner and whatever strike the fancy ? trapper mine 's already be strike , and it do not have to be very fancy . hawkeye ( to corporal ) lead the way . the corporal do so and they follow he out . int . 25 th station hospital '' day hawkeye and trapper come out of the dress room after the corporal and follow he down a corridor . then they realize to they surprise that there be two other soldier follow they who have be station outside the dress door . they invitation from the Colonel be get to seem less casual every moment . int . colonel merrill's outer office '' day a second lieutenant and a sergeant seat on opposite side of a desk look up with interest as trapper and hawkeye come in with escort fore and aft . second lieutenant this the prisoner ? corporal yes , sir . hawkeye and trapper exchange look . second lieutenant they can wait in the Colonel 's office . he will be back in a few minute . the corporal open the door to the Colonel 's empty and quite luxurious office . trapper and hawkeye go in with they golf bag . int . colonel merrill's office '' day trapper and hawkeye enter , the door close behind they , and look around . it be a long time since they have see surroundings like this , with western upholster furniture , picture on the wall and high quality wall - to - wall carpete . it be this last feature that attract hawkeye 's attention . he squat down to feel its texture and with a look invite trapper to do the same . trapper be also impressed with the smoothness of the surface , and without have to exchange a word about it , they each find a putter and a golf ball and start lining up target for they brief sorely miss put practice . brief time lapse : int . colonel merrill's office '' day the Colonel come in militarily , which be the way he make all he entrance . colonel merrill you man be under arrest ! trapper quiet ! can not you see I be put ? colonel merrill I will have you ...! hawkeye please ! ( complete a putt , walk over and pick up ball ) face it , Colonel , you do not have we , we have you . you boy blow this case , we bail you out . we figure we ought to hang around a day to check the Congressman 's kid , and we also figure to play some golf . so if that 's okay with you , we get a deal . trapper and if it be not , why do not we call Washington on you telephone ? you tell you story , we will tell ours . hawkeye ( pick up he club ) when you make up you mind , get in touch . the golf club be probably the best place to leave a message . trapper have also take he golf bag , and the two of they walk out serenely together . the Colonel support himself on he desk as he make he way to he chair and sit down to absorb the shock to he system . time lapse : int . japanese golf club pro shop '' late afternoon the shop feature a assortment of western style golf attire , all about two decade behind the time . trapper be hold a pair of ' plus four ' in front of he to test the size . the golf pro look on with the study approval of the dedicated salesman everywhere ; hawkeye with amusement . trapper this the longest you have get ? golf pro wonderful . they be look like they be make for you . hawkeye have discover a pair of knee - length argyle sock , which he exhibit to trapper . hawkeye we get to have this to wear with they . ( glance out window ) you know , by the time we get all this stuff on , it will be practically dark . two girl caddy enter the shop while he be speak . they be very young , not more than seventeen , dress in slack . they see trapper and hawkeye 's golf bag and start to sling they over they shoulder . trapper ( agree ) yeah , maybe we ought to ... ( see caddy ) hey , who be they ? golf pro you caddy . but perhaps it be become too late to start . trapper ( walk over to caddy for closer look ) not at all . ( touch the prettier one under the chin to raise she downcast head ) what 's you name , honey ? hawkeye come on , trapper . we get to forget golf for today . trapper I do not know why . as long as it 's light enough to see you caddie . hawkeye ( to golf pro ) what 's the age of consent in this country ? golf pro which ? I do not know what you mean . hawkeye never mind . ( to trapper ) let 's take one sport at a time . the place for tonight 's be the New era pediatric Hospital et cetera . brief time lapse : int . dr . yamachi be n.e.p.h. & W. '' dine room '' night trapper and hawkeye , dress in kimonos , be sit japanese style on the floor with I Lay around a low table . Three girl serve they attentively , do everything for they except actually feed they . a girl name michiko take away a plate that trapper have leave virtually untouched and put a bowl of thick soup in front of he . the second girl serve soup to hawkeye and I Lay , and the third bring in a large bowl of rice . trapper Soup ? Rice ? what be we do , beginning all over again ? I lay no , we have a clear soup to start . this be a thick one and you ought to taste it . there 's nothing like it back home . trapper how can I taste it now ? we have already have like twelve course . michiko you be not wishing to eat more ? I bring you most special plum brandy . trapper I do not want it . I do not want to eat , I do not want to drink . ( reach out and grab michiko 's ankle ) all I want ... there be a knock on the door , follow immediately by the entrance of a japanese nurse , who indicate a urgent desire to speak to I Lay . I Lay get up and listen to what she tell he in a undertone . trapper meanwhile have succeed in pull michiko off she foot , and make clear the general direction of he intention by sprawling out on the floor with she in he embrace . I lay ( to hawkeye and trapper ) can you guy take one minute to look at a kid for I ? trapper now ? hawkeye ( to I Lay ) why can not you look at he ? I lay I have but well , you know , I have be mainly a anesthetist a long time now and ... well , I would like you guy to take a look at he . hawkeye what 's the story ? I lay well , one of the girl get careless and two day ago she give birth to a eight - pound american - japanese male . hawkeye what 's wrong with he ? I lay every time we feed he , it either come right back up or he cough and turn blue and have a hell of a time . trapper ( release michiko and sit up reluctantly ) we do not have to see he . call that halfass Army hospital and tell they to be ready to put some lipiodol in this kid 's esophagus and take X - ray . I lay but it 's ten-thirty at night . we can not get military personnel out for a civilian . a foreign civilian . hawkeye do not give they any unnecessary detail . just say the pro from dover be on they way with a emergency . and you would better get the or cranke up because I get a feel you be go to pass some gas while I help trapper close a little bastard 's tracheo - esophageal fistula . int . 25 th station hospital operating room '' night Three or nurse be at work get thing on order when the swinging door open and I Lay , carry the two - day - old baby , enter , accompany by hawkeye and trapper . nothing have lead the nurse to expect a infant patient , and they be distinctly take aback . first or nurse where do that baby come from ? be that what you get we up for ? hawkeye yes , lady , that 's why we get you up . I Lay , put he down there ... ( indicate operate table ) ... and get ready to start give he the anesthetic . ( to nurse ) we stumble on this deal . we do not want it but we do not see how we can walk away from it , no matter whose rule be break . this baby have no legal right to be take care of in a Army hospital , though he father be probably a american soldier . but he 's go to die if we do not fix he now , tonight . so what about it ? first or nurse let 's get go . I Lay place the mask attach to he gas container on the baby 's face and start to administer a carefully limited quantity . colonel merrill this time I will not be intimidate ! he have come into the or while he be talk , and he be so menace that all preparation be halt while he finish he pronouncement . colonel merrill I command that this improper and illegal use of Army facility cease immediately . twice you man have force I into appease you aggression by threaten I with what you will say to a certain Congressman . well , I do not care what you tell he or anyone else ! I do not care if it cost I my command and my whole career in the Army . on this point I stand as a matter of principle , as unshakable as the rock of Gibraltar . hawkeye I Lay ? trapper ? move in concert , hawkeye and trapper grab Colonel merrill and drag he over to I Lay 's end of the operate table . I Lay take the anesthetic mask from the baby 's face and clamp it firmly on the Colonel 's . the Colonel struggle for a while but they manage to hold he and pretty soon he be quiet . hawkeye be he out ? trapper like the rock of Gibraltar . time lapse : int . dr . yamachi be n.e.p.h. & W. '' hallway '' night trapper , hawkeye and I Lay be half - drag , half - carry Colonel merrill along a corridor , and girl , include michiko and the other we have see before , have come out of they room to watch . I lay he 's come to . hawkeye let 's get he clothes off quick . brief time lapse : int . dr . n.e.p.h. & W. '' bedroom '' night Colonel merrill be stir on the bed as hawkeye and I Lay remove the last item of he clothing . the Colonel open he eye but he be still too drugge to have any idea where he be or how he get there . I lay okay , michiko . michiko move toward the bed , remove the kimono which be she only garment . at the same time hawkeye grab a camera , which be all ready for use with a flashbulb attachment and start to take a series of shot of the Colonel and michiko , both naked in the bed . the Colonel react to the intermittent burst of light . colonel merrill what the hell 's go on ? michiko please , you no worry , sweetheart . just keep close . hawkeye ( after five or six shot ) all right , that 's plenty . you can put you clothes on , Colonel . michiko reach for she kimono and put it back on as she get out of bed . the Colonel sit up , still a bit daze but become more aware of what 's happen all the time . colonel merill I have be frame ! hawkeye that 's what they all say . but I have photographic evidence here that you be a lecherous old man and a disgrace to the uniform . however , I will not even develop the film if you people watch that baby we operate on like he be the Congressman 's grandson . which for all we know he may be . int . dr . yamachi be n.e.p.h. & W. '' hallway '' night michiko join I Lay . michiko where be Captain mcintyre ? I be wait so long for he . I Lay open a bedroom door , revealing trapper fully dress and sound asleep on the bed . I lay give he a few hour , michiko . right now he could not get up a flight of stair . michiko 's answer smile indicate superior feminine wisdom in this matter . she go into the room , close the door behind she . time lapse : int . ward six . 25 th station hospital '' day hawkeye , dress in the japanese adaptation of the well - dress american golfer of the 1930' , and carry he golf bag , be at the Congressman 's son 's bedside . he look at the boy 's chart and then at the patient himself , find both of they quite satisfactory . int . hospital room '' day trapper , similarly outfit with individual variation of he own , have just examine the baby they operate on . he write out some instruction and give they to a nurse . then he pick up he golf bag and go out to a corridor where hawkeye be wait for he . they start to walk toward the hospital entrance , finally ready for a few hour of relaxation on the golf course . voice ( over loudspeaker system ) Captain pierce and Captain mcintyre ! please contact the message center . Captain pierce and Captain mcintyre ! they look at each other with forebode . hawkeye it could not be good news . by joint unspoken agreement , they quicken they pace in the same direction . then they resolution falter . trapper ( to a pass nurse ) where 's the goddam message center ? time lapse : int . 4077th mash '' late afternoon or facility be be utilize to capacity . for the first time we see Henry himself in surgeon 's work dress , wind up a operation . complete he work , look tired and anxious , he walk through the crowded or to the preop Ward , which be also jamme up with case await surgery . Leslie come to meet he . henry what 's the lineup , Major ? leslie six case ready for surgery , sir , and four more that just need a little more blood or a little more time for the antibiotic to take hold . henry I guess we can handle they , if there be not any six o'clock chopper . every time they fly while it 's still daylight , they have get wounded that can not wait . brief time lapse : ext . landing area outside 4077th mash '' late afternoon Henry 's watch say a minute or two after six o'clock . once more , as at the beginning , he be stand outside the admit Ward with radar , listen for helicopter come from the north . radar , strain he superhear to listen , react unhappily to a sound neither we nor Henry can catch . radar chopper come in , Colonel . two of they , I be afraid . henry damn . radar ( a puzzle look ) and another one , but it 's from the south . ( look south ) there . Henry look eagerly to the south as the combined SOUND of three helicopter become audible and quickly mount in intensity . ext . sky to the south '' day a helicopter ( the type that come from Seoul to pick up trapper and hawkeye , rather than the Air rescue squadron one that bring the wounded from the front ) approach the landing area and start to make its descent . there be a golf bag full of club attach to each of its pod . brief time lapse : int . admitting ward '' day trapper and hawkeye , conspicuous because they be still in they golf costume , be among the surgeon check the newly arrive wounded . more case be still be bring in from helicopter and ambulance , mainly on stretcher , a few under they own power assist by a Medical corpsman or two . this be really the most hideous face of war ; the mangle body and limb and face , the expression alive with pain and dull by shock , be more terrible than any number of quiescent corpse . trapper finish examine a man and speak to hot lip . trapper this one go right to the or . tell Duke to do he ahead of the bust spleen . ( move on to another patient , a Korean ) and this kid can not wait . I will take he myself , before I get to that rupture diaphragm . hot lip Captain ... ( secure he attention ) ' this kid ' be a prisoner of war . trapper yeah ? hot lip it 's a american boy 's rupture you be suppose to close . trapper listen , we get a deluge like this , just decide priority on a medical basis be hard enough . so never mind the side issue . brief time lapse : int . operating room '' night a few day later . Duke be work deep inside a belly with a new young surgeon , captain lapham , assist he . lapham glance at the patient 's face . lapham Duke ... Duke look , too , and the patient 's eye be enough to tell he the job he 's do no longer have any function . after a almost superfluous check of the heartbeat , lapham close the man 's eye . int . operating room '' night hawkeye , with Ugly John handle the anesthetic , be digging out piece of metal from a face that will never quite look like a face again . int . operating room '' night trapper , with painless fill in as anesthesioloigist , be work in close to a patient 's heart . suddenly all the light in the or go out . this be not a unprecedented event , and one by one three corpsman appear in different location around the operate table with flashlight whose combine beam make it possible for trapper to carry on . int . operating room '' night with the electric light restore , Duke and lapham be at work on another case , remove several foot of small bowel no longer useful to the owner . int . operating room '' night Henry and murrhardt , with scorch assist , be amputate a arm . int . operating room '' night a dead patient , face cover with a sheet be remove from a operate table by two corpsman . immediately two other corpsman bring a stretcher to the other side of the table and unload a new patient onto it . Ugly John and a nurse start to prepare he for surgery . int . operating room '' night hawkeye , with knocko help , be sewing up a incision which we can see be in the area of the groin . dago Red come by . dago red Nice look kid . go to be okay ? hawkeye he will live if that 's what you mean . but somebody better be around when he come to and find out there 's nothing leave between he leg . time lapse : int . admitting ward '' day a few day later . a new group of patient be be bring in on stretcher by corpsman . trapper and Duke be examine a unconscious negro private . trapper look at he with special attention to the eye . the right pupil be dilate and fix . Duke meanwhile check he pulse and blood pressure . duke pulse , slow , very little pressure . trapper look at that right eye . duke epidural hematoma ? trapper I do not know what else . you have be that route a little , have not you ? duke not enough to be a pro . he move to another case . Duke continue to examine the private with particular attention to the right side of the head . the more he observe , the more alarmed he become . duke ( to corpsman ) into the or ! right now . he run ahead of the stretcher through the preop Ward . at the entrance to the or he run into knocko . duke Quick , knocko , get I glove , knife , hammer , chisel , gelfoam and a drain . brief time lapse : int . operating room '' day knocko finish save and clean the right temporal area of the unconscious private 's head , and Duke waste no time make a incision down to the bone . duke okay , give I the hammer and chisel . there be drill you can make nice , neat hole in the skull with , but we be not get none . ( take hammer and chisel , fortifying himself for the act ) so here go . he pound the chisel into the private 's skull and keep at it till he crack he way through . blood flow out in a torrent . Duke pull he tool away and just watch . very quickly he be reward by the sight of a torrent diminish to a dribble . knocko what happen now ? duke we sew he up . he stuff gelfoam down into the bleed site , put in a rubber drain and start to sew the skin back together with silk suture . brief time lapse : int . operating room '' day the private be moan and stir restlessly on the table as Duke finish close the incision and knocko take the patient 's pulse . knocko pulse be way back . nearly sixty . duke we take the pressure off he brain . you know , knocko , this boy might just make it , and if he do you and I ought to be ready with a story . knocko what do you mean ? duke one thing everybody know for sure that do not know hardly anything else , be how delicate any kind of brain surgery be . so I certainly would not like it if there be somebody go around say all I do be crack he on the head with a hammer and chisel . brief time lapse : int . admitting ward '' day hawkeye be examine a young private first CLASS who be in shock , semiconscious and saturate with mud over he whole uniform , hair and skin . there be a muddy , bloody bandage around he neck . hawkeye ( to a corpsman ) get that bandage off so I can see what the hell 's underneath . he move on to the next stretcher . the corpsman undoe the bandage and pull it away . the private first class turn he head to the leave , and blood spurt two foot into the air from a hole in the right side of he neck . private first CLASS mama , mama ! oh , mama , I be die ! the blood continue to gush as the people in the immediate vicinity watch in fascination . as it come down again if fall on the pfc 's face and into he mouth . he react by cough , spraying he audience with blood . hawkeye run back and stick he index finger down the hole , block off the severe artery and stop the flow of blood . hawkeye ( to corpsman ) bring he to the or right on this stretcher . I can not take my finger out . somebody find Ugly John and get he ass in there . they be already in motion toward or , hawkeye move along beside the stretcher with he finger in the hole . on the way they pass near Leslie . hawkeye this one be urgent , Les . start somebody cut off he clothes . tell the lab to come in with a couple of pint of low titre o , and type and cross-match he for five or six more . get somebody to do two countdown and start the blood . come to think of it , get somebody to start round up donor , and send some cowboy to Seoul for all the goddam blood they can get . and get that miserable gas-passer in here ! ugly JOHN ( at or entrance ) I be here . hawkeye good . get he asleep and a tube in he if you can . his common carotid be cut and I can not do anything with the son-of - a- bitch jump all over the place . ( to Leslie ) find somebody to help I . I get to keep a finger on this or we lose he , and I can not get it clamp with my leave hand . brief time lapse : int . operating room '' day the pfc have be transfer to a operate table without hawkeye lose he finger pressure on the artery . the clothes have be cut off he , and Ugly John have both blood and anesthetic go into he , the latter through a intratracheal tube . hawkeye have a scalpel in he leave hand and with it he enlarge the wound around he right index finger . then he try to slide a Kelly clamp down he finger into the wound to clamp the artery but he can not manage it lefthand . he look desperately around the or only to observe that every surgeon and nurse be fully engage , include Henry and hot lip . Ugly John be have a hard time fulfil he dual function as it be , and can not possibly take on another . hawkeye try again with the clamp and fail , and then , to he great relief , there appear within in he peripheral vision as he concentrate he attention on the pfc 's neck , a male figure , gown , cap , mask and glove . it do not matter to hawkeye which of he colleague it be ; he just tell he what assistance he need from he . hawkeye grab this Kelly , ride it down my finger and we will have this mother under control . the newcomer , though hawkeye do not realize it , be dago Red . follow instruction , he take the clamp and insert it in the wound . dago red what do I do with it Hawk ? this be a little out of my line . hawkeye do not recognize you , Red . when you get the clamp all the way down , open it as wide as you can and see if you can close it on the artery . dagor Red obey this order cautiously . when he widen the clamp and start to close it again , he have the satisfy sensation of feel something substantial , and seize it vigorously . dago red I get it ! I get it ! but what he have grab with the clamp be hawkeye 's finger and hawkeye , by reflex action , pull it out to where we can see it with the clamp grasp it . the blood start to spurt again and hawkeye go back into the wound , but this time with he leave index finger . hawkeye you get my finger for Christ 's sake . but maybe I can do better with my right hand . ( insert a retractor into wound , put the work end of it in dago Red 's hand , take back the Kelly clamp ) pull it toward you . more. good. ( ride clamp down he leave index finger and this time he close it on the right place ) there . that do it for now . ( to Ugly John ) we will keep he right where he be till trapper John can give I a hand sewing that artery back together . time lapse : ext . landing area outside 4077th mash '' late afternoon two helicopter descend to the ground , and corpsman start unload the wounded . also visible be a couple of ambulance that be be unload . Henry and the three swampmen have step outside the admit Ward entrance to watch . they be all haggard , unshaven and groggy , but Henry , the oldest , be the one who show the strain the most . henry fifteenth straight day there have be six o'clock chopper . how long can a battle go on ? hawkeye you get to relax , Henry . since the deluge start , you be work in the or and run the outfit , too . trapper best thing you could do for all of we be grab some sack time . hawkeye ( call ) radar ! radar appear as usual on the instant . radar yes , sir ? I have be try to persuade the Colonel to take some rest . duke well , stop persuade , just make he . radar ( to Duke ) yes , sir . ( to Henry ) come along , sir . Henry be so fatigue he allow himself to be lead away by radar . hawkeye believe I , Henry , outside of we , no one will even know you be go . time lapse : int . preop ward '' day here the more seriously wounded of that bring into the admit Ward be get transfusion , have have foley catheter insert in they bladder and / or levin tube in they stomach , and have they x-ray on display on wire in front of each cot . trapper , hawkeye and Duke be check they to establish priority . they reach the last cot , on which Ho - jon be lie , attend by a corpsman we have not see before . corpsman this kid be pretty bad . out of habit hawkeye look at the x-ray first . hawkeye for you , trapper . trapper ( look at X -ray ) okay , but I will need you to help . Duke , will you take that belly back there ? the Australian ? Duke turn back to undertake he assignment . trapper and hawkeye continue to study the x-ray . hawkeye it 's in pretty deep . trapper yeah , and he 's lose a lot of blood . I be afraid it 's hit more that just the lung . Ho - jon open he eye and smile at the sight of he old friend . corpsman ( to Ho - jon ) you will be okay , boy . ho - jon I know . I get the best there be . Captain pierce and Captain ... hawkeye Christ , it 's Ho - jon ! trapper hiya , Ho - jon . you get a piece of a shell in you chest , but we will take it out as soon as you have have more blood . hey , radar ! radar , pass through the ward , come over in response to the summon . trapper ( to radar ) have that a-negative come from Seoul ? we will need some in the or . radar there be not any . we keep order and they do not deliver . hawkeye we get to have at least one pint . it 's for Ho - jon . radar react in surprise and look toward Ho - jon 's cot . brief time lapse : int . operating room '' night hawkeye be assist trapper in make the incision in Ho - jon 's right chest . Ugly John be give the boy additional anesthetic . hawkeye if we squeeze he through , I be go to get he into androscoggin College . trapper how about squeezing he through into Dartmouth ? if all he want to do be catch lobster , he can learn that here . hawkeye Dartmouth 's too big and too expensive . if he 's as good as I think he be , he can move into the big league later . but androscoggin first . trapper ( study the incision ) we will need room . the sixth rib go . hawkeye never mind the conversation . do it , dad . trapper you aspirate the blood from the chest cavity . damn , there 's more of it than I think . hawkeye ( prepare to use suction device ) if we do not get that pint , he 's in trouble . ext . and int . henry's tent '' night radar , follow by a associate lab technician , enter Henry 's tent . Henry be snore away in deep sleep . gently radar straighten Henry 's right arm and deftly inject novocaine over a vein . Henry stir . henry ( mumble in sleep ) not now , honey . gobacksleep . the lab technician tighten the sleeve of Henry 's T-shirt to serve as a tourniquet , and radar expertly insert a needle into the vein and start extract blood into a pint container . int . operating room '' night hawkeye have finish aspirate the blood . trapper reach down into the wound . trapper ( triumphantly ) I get it . here , feel . in the cava . he take he hand out and let hawkeye put he in . hawkeye I do not feel anything . trapper oh , Jesus . he indicate that he want to feel again . hawkeye withdraw he hand and trapper put he back in again . trapper I can not feel it now either . the mother must have go in . hawkeye I do not get it . trapper it be in the cava and the hole seal itself off . I must have jiggled it just enough to turn it loose . I can not feel it in the heart or the right pulmonary artery . so it 's in the leave pulmonary artery . hawkeye what do we do ? trapper we will have to close this hole and make one on the other side . hawkeye be kind of rough on he if there 's no blood . why do not we close up and sit on he a couple of day ? trapper sure , that 's the right way ... at John hopkins or someplace . but how do we know there will not be even more of a jam - up a few day from now ? maybe we will not be able to get to he when we want to . maybe the goddam thing will erode the artery when nobody 's look . we best shot be now . radar come up to the operate table with a container of blood . radar a-negative . I have cross-match it . hawkeye I though you say we do not have a drop . radar I find a doner . time lapse : int . operating room '' night trapper have expose Ho - jon 's leave pulmonary artery . Duke and hawkeye be assist he by apply traction to the tape on either side of where trapper be now cut the artery , so that there be only a small flow of blood from the incision . trapper bring out he hand and display the tiny metal fragment which be the object of they effort . trapper ( to Ugly John ) how be he ? ugly JOHN Nice . trapper ( to nurse ) arterial silk . he start to sew the artery back together . brief time lapse : int . operating room the artery be join again . trapper ( to hawkeye and Duke ) ease off on that tape , and let 's see how much it bleed . ( see a few drop of blood come through incision ) how be he ? ugly JOHN Nice . trapper boy , we be home free . hawkeye when will he be able to write ? duke what 's he get to write , for God 's sake ? hawkeye a application to androscoggin College . time lapse : int . henry's office '' day Henry be on the phone . hawkeye , Duke , painless and radar wait eagerly for the news . henry ( into phone ) Colonel blake here . int . general hammond' office , 325 evac hospital '' day hammond , a one -star general , have a major and a lieutenant colonel with he as he talk to Henry . general hammond ( into phone ) I get news for you , Henry . you have be so concerned about that battle for Old baldy . it 's all over . int . henry's office '' day Henry nod happily to the other to tell they that the word be favorable . henry ( into phone ) thanks , General . thanks for call . he hang up and turn to the other to pass on the General 's exact word . int . general hammond' office , 325 evac hospital '' day the General be not through talk and do not expect Henry to hang up at that point . he be quite startle , in fact , because he have be save the most important piece of information for the end . general hammond ( to major and lieutenant colonel ) he do not wait to hear who win . time lapse : ext . field near riverbank '' day a very hot day in late August . stand all by itself in a empty field be a sign on which some fairly careful carpentry and lettering work have be expend . it read : " 38th parallel medical society meet here sundays . " camera pan to the river , where trapper , hawkeye and Duke be lie on they stomach , naked or nearly so , on air mattress . the heat from which they seek relief be obviosly intense , and they be pamper themselves further with tall , ice- fill drink . on the riverbank near they stand one empty cup and one half - full bottle of pimm no. 1 Cup , and all three surgeon be more noticeably drunk than we have previously see they . trapper she have this shiny black hair pile up on she head , but later on she let it hang loose and I will be damned if it do not come all the way down to she ass . duke I have always have a hanker for blonde pussy myself . my wife 's hair be a wonderful golden yellow , and this time of year it get even lighter . hawkeye I guess that 's why you go for hot lip houlihan . duke you know damn well I nearly puke when I look at she . I do not even think she 's a real blonde . hawkeye how can you say a thing like that about a officer in the United States Army ? duke I not only say it , I will back it up twenty buck 's worth . hawkeye you get yourself a bet , Georgia boy . ( to trapper ) you be a witness . trapper okay , I be a witness , but how do you prove who 's right ? duke there 's only one way . time lapse : ext . shower tent '' night twelve hour later . the shower tent be simply a ordinary Army tent enclose a row of shower supply by a water tank on a high platform in back of the tent . Duke and hawkeye be work under cover of darkness to loosen each of the stake that secure the tent to the ground around it . time lapse : ext . the swamp '' day the follow afternoon . trapper and hawkeye sit in chair outside they tent , glass in hand , still on they tall , hot -weather drink kick . trapper look at he watch . trapper it 's five minute into nurse ' shower hour . where be they ? hawkeye they be come . ext . mash compound '' day the swamp be at the end of the officer ' row nearest the nurse ' tent , so they have a good view of the woman as they emerge from they quarter dress in bathrobe and carry towel , shower cap and bar of soap . the first two to appear be knocko and Lieutenant scorch . next , from she own private tent , come hot lip . hawkeye hey , knocko , I get that picture you promise to look at of my kid . you too , wilma . it will not take a minute . ( to hot lip politely ) you can see they too , if you want . hot lip no , thank you . I be not the slight bit interested . she continue on across the compound and enter the shower tent . knocko and Lieutenant scorch come over to the swamp while hawkeye go inside to find the picture . then two more nurse emerge from a tent and head for the shower . trapper get up and saunter over to intercept they . ext . shower tent '' day the door of the tent be close behind hot lip , and after a moment there be the sound of water be turn on . then we attention be draw to the peak of the tent , to which a thin scarcely visible strand of wire have be attach . the wire be draw taut and run across the peak of the barbershop tent next door and down the far side of it to where Duke sit on the ground operate a sort of windlass upon which the wire be wound . he turn the crank with a quick burst of energy . back at the shower tent the force of the wire pull the canvas tight , the loosen stake come out of the ground , and the whole tent be whisk right off its center pole , revealing hot lip nude under the shower . ext . barbershop tent '' day Duke abandon he machine and move to where he can get the crucial view of hot lip . the he call across the compound to hawkeye . duke okay , yankee know - it-all ! pay up ! brief time lapse : int . henry's tent '' day hot lip , in she robe , she hair still wet from the shower , carry she towel and shower cap , be express she wrath forcefully to Henry , ignore the fact that he be in bed and that Leslie be in bed with he , which explain why we have never see anybody make a pass at she . hot lip this be not a hospital , it 's a insane asylum ! and it 's you fault because you do not do anything to discourage they ! henry what do you expect I to do ? hot lip put they under arrest ! see what a courtmartial think of they drunken hooliganism . it start with they call I hot lip and you let they get away with it . you let they get away with everything ! and if you do not turn they over to the mps now , I be go to resign my commission and ...! henry oh , g-g-goddamit , hot lip , resign you ggodam c-commission ! time lapse : ext . front of 4077th mash '' night two day later . a Army car bear the single star of a brigadier general drive up to the entrance . the sergeant at the wheel jump out and open the rear door for General hammond and he aide , a captain . general hammond ( to aide ) tell they I want to talk to all the officer on the post except that on emergency duty . brief time lapse : int . mess hall '' night most of the officer of 4077th mash be assemble to listen to General hammond . Henry and hot lip be both in the front row but separate by some distance and not look at each other . all the swampmen be on hand . general hammond ... this be very serious accusation , and without prejudge the charge against he , I be suspending Colonel blake from all he duty during the investigation , which I will conduct myself . I will also serve as you command Officer during that time . I shall be call on a number of you for you individual testimony on the point at issue . thank you . carry on . int . dental clinic '' night hawkeye , Duke and painless be play poker with a british , a norwegian and a Australian officer . it be close to two o'clock the same night . General hammond open the door and look in , do not like what he see and step inside . all six player be immediately aware of he presence but decide to act as if they be not . hawkeye ( to british Officer , who be deal ) gimme three . general hammond at ease . Captain pierce , you have a seriously wounded patient for whom you be responsible . yet I find you in a poker game . hawkeye you betcher ass , dad . general hammond what ? british officer one to the dealer . ( to hawkeye ) you be the opener . hawkeye check . general hammond pierce ! that soldier require immediate attention . I be a surgeon and I know . hawkeye you betcher ass , General . british officer I will wager a dollar . duke I fold . painless see the bet . norwegian officer I likewise . hawkeye and the Australian throw in they hand . general hammond be you go to take care of you patient or be you go to play poker ? british officer king-high flush . painless and the norwegian throw in they hand , and the englishman pull in the pot . hawkeye ( to the general ) I be go to play poker until three a.m. or until the patient be ready for surgery . however , if you would like to operate on he yourself right now , be my guest . I get the same dough whether I work or not . general hammond I want to talk to you , pierce . hawkeye there 's nothing to talk about , General . you take the case yourself or join I at three o'clock . either way you be liable to learn something . the General be far from pleased with the disrespect accord he , but as the poker player start a new hand , he decide against make a issue on term select by hawkeye . instead he turn around and go out . time lapse : int . operating room '' night Ugly John be attend a Korean soldier on the operate table with a belly wound . the or clock reveal that the time be 2:55 . hawkeye and seidman look in . ugly JOHN he 's practically there . hawkeye ( to seidman ) please ask General hammond to join we . brief time lapse : int . surgeon ' wash - up room '' night General hammond join hawkeye at the scrub sink , prepare to take part in the come operation . hawkeye General , at one - thirty when I check he last , this guy have have less than a pint of blood , and he would lose two or three . his pulse then be 120 and he blood pressure be about 90 . now , at three o'clock , he 's have three pint of blood . his pulse be 80 and he pressure 120 . his collapse lung have be expand and he 's have a gram of terramycin intravenously . we can operate on he safely and we should do it quickly , but we do not have to do it frantically or carelessly . time lapse : int . operating room '' night hawkeye have be do the repair work in the patient 's belly , with General hammond function as a largely nonparticipate assistant . the incision be still open with section of bowel on which repair have be do still expose . hawkeye now , General , I be go to sandbag you . do you think we be ready to get out of this belly ? general hammond obviously you do not think so , and I do not know why . hawkeye well , dad , we have not find any hole in the large bowel . they have all be in the small bowel , but the smell be different . I catch a whiff of large bowel , but it be not stare we in the face , right ? general hammond right . hawkeye so if it be not stare we in the face , it 's get to be retroperitoneal . and that , along with the look of the wound , make I figure he 's get a hole in he sigmoid colon that we will not find unless we look for it . he have be work all the time he have be talk , and now , after a little more manipulation within the incision , be able to indicate the perforation he have hypothecate . hawkeye and there it be . general hammond I be impressed , pierce . naturally , the kind of job I have , I do not get much chance to keep up with what go on in the or . hawkeye neither do Henry blake . but I will tell you what make he the best c.o. you have get in any of you hospital . he leave all the medical decision to the man who do the day - to - day work and understand what meatball surgery be . time lapse : int . the swamp '' day the follow day . General hammond be have a drink with hawkeye , trapper and Duke . Ho - jon keep the glass full . trapper it certainly be not Henry 's fault hot lip houlihan do not like she name . duke or she figger . hawkeye she 's so square she 's even against we have a football team . this stir the General 's curiosity , but Duke speak before he have a chance to ask he question . duke you do not think we would be speak up for a goddam regular Army colonel , do you , if it be not important ? begging you pardon , General . I forget . general hammond ( to hawkeye ) football ? trapper anybody you replace Henry with could not last . we guarantee that . general hammond I do not know you have a football team . hawkeye well , it 's still pretty much in the talk stage . general hammond we have a team at the 325th evac last fall . I coach the boy myself . hawkeye I think I hear about that . general hammond now we be work out a schedule of the outfit we be go to play this year . we all chip into a pool and make bet . hawkeye must be fun . but the point we want to make about Henry ... general hammond ( rise ) I be sure we could find a date for you team . why do not I take it up with Henry ? ( exite ) thanks for the drink , boy . after the General have leave , the other two swampmen look at hawkeye uncomprehendingly . duke where the hell we go to get we a football team ? hawkeye all three of we play for we school . and there be at least four other guy ... trapper but he 's get five time the man-power to draw on . hawkeye we can balance that by get ourselves a ringer . Henry have to say he need a neurosurgeon and put in a specific request for Dr. Oliver harmon Jones . duke never hear of he . hawkeye sure you have , only as ' spearchucker ' Jones . duke the nigra boy with the Philadelphia eagle ? trapper he only last one season . hawkeye on account he get catch in the doctor draft . he be a surgical resident play semi-pro ball weekend when the eagle sign he . duke how come nobody know about he ? and you do ? hawkeye I work with spearchucker my first month over here , at the 72nd evac in taegu . most of the color guy know who he be but they be not talk because he ask they not to . trapper so what make you think he will play for we ? hawkeye we will cut he in on the bet we make . and still have enough profit to send Ho - jon to college . trapper might make kind of a social issue , not have any other negro officer . hawkeye he can move in here with we . duke now wait a minute , hawkeye . I come a long way , learn to put up with a couple of crazy yankee , but ... hawkeye do not tell I about you problem , boy . explain they to Ho - jon . int . henry's office '' day Henry , nervous at what he think be go to be he showdown with General hammond , be startle by the General 's unexpected proposal . general hammond if we have closer relation , there would not be any misunderstandings . that 's where a football game would help . between you outfit and mine . henry a football game ? general hammond special service in Tokyo be all for it . they say it 's one of the main gimmick we have to keep the american way of life go here in Asia . henry but what about Major houlihan ? general hammond you mean hot lip ? screw she . henry N - n- no thanks , g-general . time lapse : ext . landing area outside 4077th mash '' day it be September . a helicopter descend to the ground in the familiar location and , as on earlier occasion , Medical corpsman come from the hospital to aid in unload it . but this time the cargo , instead of wounded man , turn out to be box which the corpsman rip open and which contain football uniform : black shoe , cardinal red jersey , white helmet and white pants . time lapse : ext . field behind officer ' latrine '' day a day or two later . Fifteen man be wear uniform from the chopper load . practice at this point be confine to kick and pass the three football at they disposal , and the uniform still look clean and new . trapper be a good passer , hawkeye be a better- than - average receiver , and Duke punt well , but generally speak , the ball be drop more often than they be catch , and the overall effect be pretty rag . among the other player be vollmer , Ugly John , boone , painless and judson . on the sideline watch be Henry , with a whistle tie to a piece of rubber hospital tub around he neck , and , in uniform , spearchucker , a very big , broad - shoulder black man in he early thirty . spearchucker if I can make a suggestion , coach . henry the way I run a organization , any man in it have the right to speak he mind . spearchucker in that case , here be ten basic play . I think that 's about all this bunch can handle . he hand Henry ten sheet of paper , on each of which a run or pass play be diagramm down to the finest detail . henry thank you , spearchucker . I will certainly take a look at this . where the hell do you ever get that name ? spearchucker I use to throw the javelin . hawkeye catch a pass from trapper and run with the ball right to where Henry and spearchucker be stand . hawkeye listen , we look pretty lousy out there , right ? spearchucker well , for college player that have be out of training seven or eight year ... hawkeye I be think about how we can make more money . ( to Henry ) suppose we bet only part of we dough and keep this big animal out of the game the whole first half and let they roll up some point . then you could bet the rest of we bundle between the halve and get the General and he friend to give we some real odd . henry it 's a nice idea . I mean it have style . hawkeye it 's the only way we can make enough to put Ho - jon through androscoggin . ext . athletic field , 325 th evac hospital '' day it be November . the mash team , in uniform , come out of the quonset hut assign to it as dress quarter . already on the bench toward which the player head be a few supporter include dago Red , knocko and Leslie . radar be also there serve as water boy . spearchucker have a blanket wrap over he head and hold together at the chin to eliminate the chance of he be recognize as he look over they opponent , who now file out of they quonset hut . the first notable thing about they be that they number twenty - five as oppose to a total of fifteen in uniform for the mash team . second be the even more discouraging fact that two of they , one black and one white be enormous , bigger than spearchucker . the uniform be orange and black . spearchucker that two big guy be tackle on the Cleveland Browns , and the redhead play halfback with the Rams . henry they can not do that to I ! hawkeye the bastard outcon we . spearchucker I think we could still have a chance . hawkeye if you start the game instead of wait , you mean ? spearchucker no , let 's stick to that strategy till we see whether you boy can do two thing . the first be get that halfback out of the game . he have one year with the Rams before the Army get he , but he do not play too often because he 's one of that hot dog . duke what ? spearchucker when he see a little run room , he like to make a show ... you know , stutter step and cross-over and all that jazz . also he never learn to button up when he get hit , so if you two can get a good shot at he once , you can hurt he . hawkeye but we would have to break he leg or something to keep he out of the game for good . trapper not necessarily . ugly JOHN as long as there 's a pile - up , we can do we bit to encourage he permanent withdrawal from the contest . trapper it 's a technique Ugly John and I work out in case something like this come up . duke ( gaze across at opposition tackle ) look at the size of that two beast . hawkeye I do not think I could hurt one of they with a sledgehammer . spearchucker you can make they run . they have get the occupational disease of oversize ex-athlete . they be carry thirty pound extra apiece . so we run everything wide , wide , wide ... make they move more then they want to on every play . ext . athletic field , 325 th evac hospital '' day the mash team be line up to kick off , which be Duke 's function . there be only one official , a referee , dress in conventional white . hawkeye the pro halback be play safety . kick it to anybody else . Duke accordingly kick the ball about thirty yard and angle to he leave . but the player who take it on the thirty - yard line simply run to he leave and back a little toward he own goal line in order to hand it to the ram halfback as he charge downfield from he safety position . he sidestep , straight - arm or otherwise elude all eleven of the mash player and run unimpeded for a touchdown . a few moment later he kick the ball over the bar for the point after touchdown . henry ( scream from sideline ) stop he ! stop that man ! duke ( as they line up to receive ) sure , you just blindfold he first and tie he to a stake . Duke be the one to receive the kickoff , which he take on the ten . he run it back about twenty yard , dodging several enemy tackler , then see the black tackle from Cleveland bear down on he . Duke run back and forth sideways a few time , not gain any ground but make the other man move . duke hawkeye ! he throw a lateral pass to hawkeye , toward whom both tackle from Cleveland now run . hawkeye lead they almost from one side of the field to the other , then reverse direction , keep they on the move till he see a chance to throw a lateral to trapper . spearchucker ( from the bench ) that 's the stuff ! run the ham off that big hog ! trapper return the ball to Duke , who manage to make a couple of yard forward and a lot more sideways before the Ram halfback cut he down from the rear . the mash team go into its first huddle . trapper ( to huddle ) okay , do not give they a chance to get they breath . hawkeye wide to the right . they be near the sideline to they leave , play a winge T formation . trapper take the ball from vollmer , the center , run back as if to pass but really give it to hawkeye at leave half as hawkeye go by he in a wide sweep that take he all the way to the right sideline with the two Cleveland tackle in pursuit . hawkeye then cut in quick and try to get by they but one of they bring he down for a gain of no more than two yard . on the next play trapper really go back to pass , but he blocker be of no use against the pro tackle , whom he see descend on he . trapper start run straight back for a while , then make a dash to the right follow by a dash to the leave . he be almost tackle again , and he only route of escape be back toward he own goal line . spearchucker ( from the sideline ) throw it ! throw it ! face with a loss of about twenty - five yard , trapper spot hawkeye in the area of the line of scrimmage and whip the ball to he . hawkeye catch it but there be tackler all around he and he go down almost immediately for no gain on the play . move faster than they have to in order not to give the opposition any rest , the team huddle . trapper ( to huddle ) Wide to the leave . Duke , you be the pacesetter this time . they go into action again . this time trapper , take the ball from vollmer , give it to Duke , who make a feint at a off-tackle play , then turn back and into a wide end run instead . Duke be still a good ball carrier by college standard and he have little trouble shaking off the amateur who try to tackle he , and be thus able to make it a run duel with the professional . when they finally nab he , he be no more than two or three yard ahead of the scrimmage line , but the ex-tackle from Cleveland be visibly panting and wishing they have not allow all that extra poundage to accumulate . on the fourth down , of course , they have to punt . Duke go back to receive the ball from vollmer at center . hawkeye do not try to get it far down . kick it up high so we can get there and surround that son-ofa-bitch . duke yeah , if I can . he do a good job of it . the kick be high enough so there be several red jersey around the Ram halfback when he get under it . he raise he right arm for a fair catch . the would - be mash tackler , include hawkeye and trapper be frustrated . they array themselves defensively while they opponent have a huddle and line up to take the offense . hawkeye ( to Duke and trapper ) let 's get he this time . I do not think they have get anyone else who can carry the ball . as hawkeye anticipate , the oppose quarterback slip the ball to the Ram halfback , who start to go wide of the tackle , see hawkeye , untouched by blocker , close in from the outside , and make he beautiful cross - over to cut back in . at the same time he be hit at the knee by hawkeye , and high by Duke . and there be quite a few other mash player in the immediate vicinity , trapper and Ugly John in the forefront , so that a lot of weight be pile up on top of the flashy halfback . a close look at Ugly John reveal he to be reach inside he jersey and under a shoulder pad , from which he extract a hypodermic needle . with the skill of a expert anesthesiologist he pull up the sleeve of the tackle and stunne halfback , and plunge the needle into he arm . the referee meanwhile be indignantly pull at the mash player on top of the pile and orally express he disapproval . referee get off the guy ! he 's tackle . you do not all need to jump on . the mash player quickly remove themselves . Duke and hawkeye be the last to get up . remain on the ground be the former halfback for the Rams , still firmly clutching the ball but look as if he need to get a lot of air into he lung . his captain , the white pro tackle , take one look at he and speak to the referee . 325th captain time ! time ! the referee blow he whistle to stop the clock . the captain wave for assistance from the sideline , and the trainer and water boy come run in . radar also appear from the opposite sideline with water for he team . Ugly John take advantage of he presence to slip the hypodermic he have be conceal in he hand into radar 's pocket . meanwhile there be agreement in the opposition camp that the Ram halfback should go out of the game for a while to rest up . a couple of he teammate assist he to the bench . the mash player observe this . trapper well , he 's take care of . scratch one hot dog . duke you really think we hurt he that bad ? trapper Hell , no , all you do be knock the wind out of he . but he will not be play any more football today . time lapse : int . 325 th evac team' dressing room '' day it be between the halve and the General 's player be rest , especially the ex- Cleveland tackle , who be stretch out prone . General hammond and he trainer ( a medical Corps Captain ) be concentrate on the ex-los Angeles halfback , who sit on a table look groggy . Henry stick he head in the door . trainer ( to Ram halfback ) the trainer have to assist the man , and the moment he let go of he , the halfback crumple to the floor . henry ( start out again ) sorry . you obviously will not be want any more bet . general hammond the hell we will not ! you bastard pull something , I do not know what , but we have be beat you without he . ane we will go on beat you ! henry you willing to b-back that up with odd ? general hammond damn right . Three to one , as much as you want to put up . time lapse : ext . athletic field , 325 th evac hospital '' day the two team have take the field again . hawkeye have switch to leave end , spearchucker replace he in the backfield . this time General hammond 's man be kick off to Henry 's . it 's a long kick but it do not go toward the center of the goal line , where spearchucker be wait for it , but to Duke , who run toward spearchucker and toss he a easy lateral . the two pro tackle from the Browns run down the field so as to converge on spearchucker around the mash twenty - five . but the other mash player divide themselves into equal unit of five to do nothing but take out the two tackle . the other oppose player be no problem for spearchucker , who run around or right through they , and cross they goal line for a touchdown . the ball be bring out for the extra point which Duke score with a place kick . before the team reassemble for the next kickoff , the captain of the 325th team detour a few yard toward he bench and call something to General hammond , whose reaction be to stand up and shake he fist in Henry 's direction . on the mash bench , radar lean over to Henry . radar General hammond , sir , have just be inform about the identity of Captain Jones . his ringer recognize we ringer . on the field Duke be prepare to kick off . hawkeye ( to spearchucker ) what 's the matter ? spearchucker we may be in trouble , I can not catch my breath . I have get the occupational disease of oversize ex-athlete . time lapse : ext . athletic field , 325 th evac hospital '' day spearchucker be try to block or intercept a forward pass , but the two tackle from Cleveland still have enough strength leave to put he out of action with they combine effort . they block he so forcibly , in fact , that he drop to the ground and have some trouble get up . the pass be complete and the receiver tackle on the mash thirty - five yard line . spearchucker timeout ! ( to referee as latter blow whistle ) how much leave ? referee Minute and twenty - five second . and that 's a first down . radar come out to the mash huddle with he water - bucket and towel . spearchucker we get to stop they right here . duke and get ourselves another touchdown to win. ( look to opponent ' huddle ) I wish to hell we know what they be plotting . hawkeye ( get a idea ) radar ! radar all you have to do be ask . ( concentrate on the huddle twelve yard away ) the quarterback be say they will run the old statue of Liberty . they leave end will come across and take the ball out of he hand and try to get around we leave end . spearchucker what else ? radar everyone 's talk at once , but now the captain be tell they to shut up . the quarterback say , if the statue of Liberty do not work , they will go into the double wing with the leave halfback take the handoff first and then slip it to the right halfback head to the leave . the referee blow the whistle and the two team line up to resume action . the 325th evac quarterback drop back as if to pass , he leave end start to he right , and the whole mash eleven start to they leave . only Ugly John find himself temporarily bury under a 265 - pound tackle . the other ten man in red meet the enemy leave end after he take the ball off the quarterback 's hand , and they bring he down for a loss . the oppose team go into another huddle but they strategy remain as radar overhear it . when the leave halfback start to he right , the mash player start to they right , and after the right halfback take over possession and try to turn in , he find himself hopelessly outnumber . spearchucker hit he first with a tackle so fierce it throw he back five yard and induce he to fumble the ball . a pile of half a dozen mash player pounce on it , cause some damage to each other . spearchucker ( to referee ) time ! he go over to the referee and exchange a few word with he , then walk into he team 's huddle . trapper ( to spearchucker ) you get to be the one . we be all agree on that . spearchucker no , it 's too far and we be all too bushed . I just tell the referee we be go to try something different . we make the center eligible by ... vollmer I ? I can not catch a pass . spearchucker you do not have to . we line up with everybody to the right of center except hawkeye , who drop back a yard just before the snap . at the same time Duke move to the right side of the line . ( to vollmer ) that make you eligible but all you have to do be take the ball right back from trapper between you leg and hide it under you belly . trapper , you make like you get the ball , fake to I and keep go . one of the big guy will hit you , maybe both ... trapper no ! I only get my GI insurance . spearchucker ( to vollmer ) as soon as that happen , sergeant , you start walk , not run to they goal line . remember that , do not run ! come on , we just get time ! they break out of the huddle and line up as direct , with all the linemen except hawkeye on vollmer 's right . they opponent have trouble adjust to this and be even more confuse when , just as trapper bend down to take the ball from vollmer , hawkeye step back into the backfield and Duke squeeze into the already crowded right line . returning the ball to vollmer , trapper turn he back , fake a pitchout to spearchucker , who be racing toward the line , and continue backward , hold himself as if he still have the ball and be fade for a long pass . so successfully do he create this impression that the two tackle from Cleveland , see clearly that spearchucker have not receive the ball , descend on trapper with they last burst of energy . two other orange - and - black linemen also fall on top of he . meanwhile , vollmer , hold he arm cross under he stomach to further hide the ball , and look as if she be suffer from a painful blow beneath the belt , start walk down the field at a angle toward he own sideline , make the opposition think he be head for the bench to seek relief from he injury . spearchucker stop run at about the enemy thirty , look back to where trapper 's tackler be beginning to remove themselves , but also note out of the corner of he eye that only the oppose safety man be anywhere near vollmer and that he be not pay much attention to he . from the bench a frantic Henry look indignantly at the sight of he center and sergeant Major come off the field . henry what 's go on ? what the hell be you do ? he open he arm enough for Henry to see the pigskin cradle there . henry then run for God 's sake ! run ! vollmer begin to run straight toward the goal line , which have the unfortunate effect of alert the safety man to what be happen . he race across the field to cut vollmer off . spearchucker start into motion at the same instant and get down there so fast that just as the safety man be tackle vollmer in a way that would throw he out of bound on the two - yard line , spearchucker hurl himself against the safety man with a strong and well - aim block that send both man across the goal line . General hammond run onto the field in vehement protest . general hammond illegal ! illegal ! the referee , look at he watch and raise he Army .45 to signal the end of the game , go over to meet the General and explain the sad truth to he . int . mash team' dressing room '' day some of the player be partly undress but most of they be too exhaust to begin that process . trapper be stretch out on a bench , apparently unconscious . Henry enter triumphantly , wave a thick stack of paper money . henry we get it , man ... Ho - jon 's keep as androscoggin ... if there be such a place . and the big news be , the General want a rematch . trapper I will tell you my news . I be retire from football . duke I , too . y'all just see I play my last game . hawkeye same here . you can retire my number . henry well , there 's one big satisfaction . spearchucker what 's that , Henry ? henry I out -coach that General hammond . time lapse : ext . front of 4077th mash '' evening a cover Army truck pull up with the victorious football team break the normal rule for hospital zone by sing a boisterous old drink song . several of they have bottle in they hand as they descend to the ground . hawkeye and Duke be among the first and the noisiest until they notice lapham ( the new surgeon we see the first time during the deluge ) stand under the light at the hospital entrance . there be something in he expression that make they break off they sing abruptly . trapper and spearchucker , jump down after they , react the same way , and they sudden silence affect the other so that in a matter of second the sing have die out entirely . hawkeye and Duke run toward the hospital entrance , trapper and spearchucker a little behind they . brief time lapse : int . at ho - jon' bedside '' evening Ho - jon be unconscious . lapham hold a x-ray while trapper scan it . trapper it 's a massive one . the x-ray be pass on to hawkeye , Duke and spearchucker in turn . spearchucker be not he awful young ...? trapper that 's the artery we sew up last summer . have to end up smaller , that much easier for the thrombosis to occur . Ho - jon open he eye , slowly reacting to the pressure of all the doctor . hawkeye pain bad , Ho -jon ? ho - jon ( with considerable effort ) I '' would not '' wish '' it '' on '' a '' maneat '' shark . trapper ( to lapham ) more demerol . lapham go off to get the medication . ho - jon you '' must '' open '' I '' up '' again ? duke no , Ho - jon , we be not go to open you up . Duke 's word be intentionally ambiguous , and when Ho - jon look from one doctor to another to find the real meaning of they , they all try not to reveal it . but he know . time lapse : int . dental clinic '' day hawkeye and trapper be in a stud poker game along with painless , vollmer , radar , a helicopter pilot and the norwegian Officer we see play before . there be a entrance to the hospital visible through a window , and a ambulance be park outside it . vollmer pair of seven will say a buck . the ambulance driver and another soldier come out of the hospital bear a shroud corpse on a stretcher . hawkeye , choose not to call the bet , turn over he card , stand up restlessly and see the body on the stretcher . trapper , who have a view out the window from the seat , also see it , and the effect on he be to take he attention momentarily from the game . painless make it two . the helicopter pilot fold he hand , and it 's trapper 's turn to be next . radar , who be deal , wait a moment to see if he have to be remind . radar two dollar to you , trapper . Ho - jon 's body be toss into the back of the ambulance . trapper check he card and turn they over . trapper sorry . I be out . time lapse : ext . mash compound '' night Three month later , a cold winter night with snow on the ground . hawkeye , in a heavy sweater , be run toward the brightly light hospital . int . operating room '' night spearchucker be do a brain operation with Duke assist . hawkeye come in excitedly but stop within a few foot of the operate table because he be not sterile . he grab a surgical mask and hold it in front of he face as he speak to Duke . hawkeye Henry 's get we order ! we be go home ! duke when ? hawkeye any time . whenever we want . duke be right with you . spearchucker you mind if we get out of this guy 's brain first ? duke what 's there to do ? you find the sliver . spearchucker there might be another tiny piece we miss . I want to look around before we close up . duke ( to hawkeye , refer to spearchucker ) perfectionist . he work the retractor he be hold to spread the incision while spearchucker probe it . hawkeye there 's no transportation anyway this time of night . duke we could steal one of the chopper . hawkeye I look . suspicious bastard get they all lock up . time lapse : ext . the swamp '' day the next day , snow still on the ground . Ugly John be at the wheel of a Jeep into which hawkeye and Duke be store the same valpac and barrack bag they arrive with more than a year before . there be a small group gather to say goodbye , include dago Red , lapham and vollmer , who be regular Army , but none of the other who be part of the outfit when they first arrive . when they be all ready to take off , hawkeye and Duke go back inside the swamp . int . the swamp '' day trapper be drunk and gloomy , spearchucker in fairly good spirit . Duke pour small drink into three glass and add some to the drink trapper be already hold . duke y'all mind the store . trapper four goddam month . and they do not even give you time off for good behavior . hawkeye ( shaking hand with spearchucker ) see you . spearchucker it 's possible hawkeye ( extend hand to trapper ) hang in there . trapper why do not you for Christ 's sake get the hell out of here ? and that 's what they proceed to do . time lapse : ext . japanese seaport dock '' day a couple of day later . hawkeye and Duke be inspect the troopship on which they will make the long voyage to Seattle . they have undergone a startling transformation : they have have shave and haircut , and they have abandon they fatigue for clean , new-look uniform with eisenhower jacket adorn with they proper insignia , include a caduceus of the Medical Corps . there be a lot of activity on board the ship and on the dock , where a medical corp sergeant with a notebook accost they . medical corp sergeant Excuse I , gentleman , but be you sailing on the troopship tomorrow ? duke that 's right . medical corp sergeant May I have you name , please ? duke sure , my ... hawkeye ( overlap ) what for ? medical corp sergeant we need medical officer for short - arm inspection start the first afternoon out . hawkeye oh , certainly , sergeant . my name be Captain George limburger , and this be Captain walter camembert . medical corp sergeant ( write ) c-a-m-e-m...? hawkeye b-e-r-t , right . see you tomorrow . medical corp sergeant oh , I be not sailing with you . I work out of the hospital here . he salute they and go on he way . duke ( indicate he shoulder insignia ) I think we be head for trouble put on all this trinket . hawkeye we get to start rehabilitate , Duke , if we want to be halfway human by the time we get back to we wife . duke but no short - arm inspection . I be with you there . hawkeye screw it . we be earning we keep as respectable knife artist . why should we do work any pill - roll punk could handle ? time lapse : ext . harbor '' day the big troopship be make its way out of the harbor and head for open ocean . ext . troopship '' day a second medical corp sergeant walk along the deck at the officer ' end of the ship . second medical corp sergeant Captain limburger ! Captain camembert ! all he get in response be funny look and laughter . by the time he come near where hawkeye and Duke be stand , the sergeant be beginning to wonder if there be something peculiar about the name he be call . for add protection hawkeye and Duke have replace they Medical Corps insignia with the simple cross of the chaplain 's Corps . second medical corp sergeant Captain camembert ! Captain camembert ! hawkeye Excuse I , sergeant . second medical corp sergeant yes , reverend ? hawkeye what do you want with that two medical officer ? second medical corp sergeant they be suppose to hold short - arm inspection . duke you can not be serious , man . second medical corp sergeant why not ? duke the reason they be be ship home be they be the two biggest fairy in the Far East Command . hawkeye be the longest short - arm inspection you ever hold ! second medical corp sergeant thanks , reverend . thank you both for tipping I off . ( consulting list ) you do not know a Captain forrest or a Captain pierce , do you ? hawkeye they miss the boat . second medical corp sergeant ( make a note ) thanks . hawkeye glad to help . the segeant go off in one direction , Duke and hawkeye in another . pretty soon they come across a dice game and stop to watch . duke this a close game or you take anybody 's dough ? a couple of the dice player look up and react adversely to the chaplain 's Corps insignia . first dice player well , almost anybody 's . second dice player ( apologetically , to Duke ) kind of a rough game , reverend . duke Hell , man , that do not matter . we be load . we be big wheel in the black market in Seoul . hawkeye plus run the opium concession for the whole eighth Army . this confession arouse the interest of all the player . one , a signal corp captain , look at they intently , then smile . signal corp captain they be not chaplain at all . they be doctor from the 4077th mash . I have a piece of steel dig out of my back there . the player who tell they it be a rough game , a infantry captain , extend he hand to greet they . second dice player pleasure to have you . lot of my man go through you outfit . hawkeye glad to know you . listen , we be ducking short - arm inspection but we cover be not go to last long . how would you two boy like to do we a favor ? be forrest and pierce of the Medical Corps between here and Seattle . signal corp captain we would not know how to go about it . hawkeye nothing to it . you just turn a chair around backwards and rest you chin on the top . you sit there with a big cigar in you mouth and and every now and then , just to show you be look , you say , ' do not wave it so close to my cigar , soldier . ' that 's all you do . you can not go wrong . time lapse : int . U.S. civilian airliner '' night it be March . a stewardess with a stern look approach Duke and hawkeye . Duke be suck on a bottle of scotch . stewardess I have tell you twice to put away that bottle . now I will have to ask the captain to come back and speak to you . hawkeye never mind you captain , honey . ( take bottle from Duke and put it away ) I will take care of mine . till we land in Chicago . time lapse : int . men' room '' midway airport '' chicago '' night the bottle of scotch stand on a shelf over the wash basin . Duke be comb he hair , hawkeye shave . announcer's voice ( over loudspeaker system ) Flight 616 for Cincinnati , knoxville and Atlanta , now board at Gate five . hawkeye reach for the bottle , hand it to Duke , who take a sip and pass it back . hawkeye kill it and throw it into a trash can . duke let 's hear from you , you goddam yankee . be nice to see you some time . hawkeye like the spearchucker say , that 's possible . anyway , it 's be a interesting association . Duke pick up he bag and start out . hawkeye resume shave . time lapse : int . atlanta airport '' day Duke be among the passenger enter the airport from a income flight . he spot he wife and two daughter , now three and one - and -a-half . he start eagerly toward they but we never get a distinct look at they . time lapse : ext . rockland , maine airport '' day here income passenger can be meet outside the terminal building . hawkeye disembark from a Northeast Airlines convair and see he wife wait for he with they son , age five and three . the older one let go he mother 's hand , dash out to he father and jump into he arm . five -year-old how they goin ' , hawkeye ? hawkeye finest kind . he look toward he wife , but we do not see she in clear focus . fade out : the end