master and commander : the far side of the world written by John collee &amp ; Peter weir 1 . the ocean - dusk from blackness , a pattern slowly emerge - shimmer , abstract line form into wave crest above steep - sided valley of water . finally the picture settles into a high , wide shot of the ocean and a adjacent coastline . in a corner of the screen , the last ray of sunlight touch a small , dark shape cause it to glow in the gather darkness : a three - masted sailing vessel . 2 . the ship - dusk [ ] she pass close enough to touch : hawser as thick as a man 's trunk , massive black - paint timber , muzzle of she great gun project from every gun -port . as the ship glide past and away from we , she name be visible , pick out in dull gold on the transom - surprise . 3 . another angle - dusk the ship in silhouette - run caption : hms surprise armament : 28 gun Crew : 197 soul . location : Coast of Brazil , November 1806 Mission : intercept and destroy french privateer , acheron 5 . the great cabin - dusk captain jack AUBREY , with he back to we , bend over the table , study chart . his servant , killick , a pig-taile , ear-ringed man of indeterminate age , refill the glass at he elbow . jack drink . the glass catch the set sun as it drop below the great casement window . killick light a lamp , place it next to he captain and retire . jack ( absently ) thankee killick 4 . the chart : a beautifully draw chart of the South american coastline . Jack 's hand place a second chart on top of the first , bring the north - east coast of Brazil into view . then another , each one enlarge the view of the precede one . on the final chart we can read navigational symbol and detailed information in fine copperplate script : 6 fa . shoal suddenly to half fa . rock ( exact position unknown ) . Hidden reef . 6 . below deck - night another lamp illuminate 1st lieutenant tom pulling , he pleasant open face marre by a diagonal sabre scar run from brow to chin . he be make a final tour of inspection before light out . 7 . the doctor be cabin - night Dr stephen maturin , a keen naturalist , sit at he desk surround by specimen jar , book and scientific instrument . [ ] tom pulling glance in as he move past the cabin door , but the doctor , place weight on some finely - balanced structure , be too engross to notice he . 8 . midshipman' berth - night in the quarter for the ' young gentleman ' , boy train from a early age to become officer , four lad play at marble . peter calamy ( 16 ) and lord blakeney ( 13 ) be argue about whether a marble be inside outside the circle as they berth mate boyle ( 15 ) and williamson ( 14 ) wait for the game to resume . blakeney in calamy out . blakeney in . it be here . the line be in . calamy it be there . it be out . out blakeney in. tell he boyle . it be in I say . the lamp move on , illuminate a fifth midshipman , much older than the rest . this be hollom , age 24 . he 's a sensitive - look fellow , idly strumm a guitar , glance up briefly as tom pulling pass . 9 . gun - deck - night by the galley stove at the forward end of the gun-deck a few of the foremast hand enjoy a last smoke and a mug of grog . faster doudle pass he mug to higgins who guzzle it down greedily one man , beckett , sit shirtless while another , awkward davie , brow furrow with concentration , tattoo the first link of what will be a great chain round beckett 's waist . joe plaice , at 45 one of the oldest man on board , stop in the middle of a story as pulling pass , everyone knuckling they forehead in deference to the officer . 10 . between two gun - night boy no more than eight or nine year old play a game of 'jack ' with some sheep bone . addison , rye and swift be the powder -monkey who ferry powder from the hold to the gun during action . 11 . berth deck - night a hundred hammock swing like strange pod , close pack under the immense beam . most of the occupant be already asleep : here a arm , there a lolling head hollar light out ! on the bosun 's command , the last of the off-duty man climb into they hammock . the last light be extinguish . only pulling ' lamp remain , move up the ladder to ... 12 . weather deck - night the uppermost or weather deck consist of two parallel gangway link the forecastle ( forward ) to the quarterdeck ( aft ) . the lead be drop from the bow . as pulling walk aft to the quarterdeck as each man let go he coil of the deep sea line . crewmen watch there ! watch somewhere a bell sound and the silent figure of the watch call from they station . watch captain - lifebuoy all 's well ! - starboard gangway all 's well ! - starboard bow all 's well ! over this , the splash of the lead and the repeat cry of " watch there ! watch ! " 13 . quarterdeck - night pulling have join the officer of the watch , 2nd Lieutenant mowett , a short tubular man in he early 20 . jack climb up a ladder and we see he properly for the first time : a heavy - set man in he thirty , thick blonde hair clubbed at the back at the binnacle , by the ship 's great wheel . the helmsman , bonden - a London cockney with a boxer 's face - give jack they current course . jack nod , then move to the gunwale with pulling . Jack sniff the air and speak in a low voice . jack how I do hate a lee shore pulling you think we will have long to wait ? jack ( shrug ) Intelligence report have she leave Boston on the 12th , that should put we at least a week ahead . pulling she will be in for a surprise , Sir . the pun on the name of they ship be unintentional , but jack let out a great hoot of laughter , shatter the tense , expectant silence . jack in for a " surprise " . now that 's wit . " in for a surprise " . ' pon my word I shall have to tell the Doctor . he leave , still laugh . that on the quarterdeck be more amused by jack 's unique sense of humour than by the feeble joke itself . jack ( cont 'd ) ( call back ) do not put she on the reef , Tom . pulling I will try not to , Sir . 13a int . stephen' cabin Jack look around the door jack what do you have there , Stephen ? he enter . Stephen have wire together the thorax of a bird 's skeleton and be suspending lead weight from it stephen the breastbone of a frigate bird . do you remark its prodigious strength . Jack bend forward into the candle - light , share he friend keen interest in this strange assembly jack I do and I be not in the least surprised , for it remind I of nothing so much as a ship under sail . see here the bowsprit . here the mast , and here the backstay run aft . stephen ( add another weight ) ten pound sixteen ounce . I be prepare a paper for the Royal Society . Jack straighten , move with care between the bottled specimen , open book and brass measure instrument jack I be think when we business here be finish , we will have to put in to recife for provision . you may care to take a tour round the forest of Brazil , botanize and collect specimen . a anaconda or two . a giant cassowary . stephen I should like it of all thing , Jack . thankyou . 14 . wide on the surprise - night time pass . the fog intensify . White coil of mist drift and eddy over the glassy sea , run final title as the ship move slowly through the night . 15 - 16 ( add to sc 12 ) 17 . in the great cabin , later - night the chronometer tick . the coffee - pot swing on its gimbal . jack lie awake in he hang cot . finally he give up try to sleep . jack killick ! killick there ! strong coffee , and light along my topcoat . 18 . on the quarterdeck - night jack on deck again . quartermaster six bell and all 's well . a hint of daylight to the east . the mist beginning to shift as a offshore breeze pick up . lead -man 90 fathom , white shelly sand . calamy four knot , sir. bonden be still at the wheel . bonden oi reckon as she 's liftin ' Sir , if you feel like put you éad down . jack take he advice and go below again . 19 . - the ship ( timelapse ) the sky a shade paler . a wind come up . 20 . on the starboard gangway - dawn the lookout , vincent , peer into the mist . vincent starboard gangway ahoy . hollom , the oldest of the midshipmen , whose watch it now be , appear at he shoulder . hollom what be it , Vincent ? vincent I hear something . a bell . hollom peer out into the fog , then turn . hollom Native fisherman perhaps . ( shout ) Mr. calamy ! midshipman calamy come run forward . hollom ( cont 'd ) the lead , if you please . Young calamy take the lead , scramble into the chain at the bow of the ship and throw out the lead line . hollom take up a telescope and search through the eddyy of fog . over hollom 's p.o.v. we can hear calamy sounding the depth . calamy ( o.s. ) sixty fathom , white sand ! hollom fold he telescope hollom well . it can not have be a reef marker . calamy , unconvince , check through he own telescope hollom ( cont 'd ) false alarm Mr calamy calamy ignore he , still scan 21 . telescope Pov the telescope pan . a dark shape in the distance . the mist part a little . a ship . come straight toward they . Close on calamy as he turn to camera , scream - calamy enemy on the larboard bow ! beat to quarter ! 22 . jack sleep cabin jack instantly awake , pile out of he bed , still dress . 23 . berth-deck - dawn a drum blaze as the off-duty watch tumble out of they hammock and run to they battle station . 24 . cockpit , orlop deck row of wick - look instrument be hastily throw on the operate table by padeen , maturin 's servant - saw , retractor and knife glisten in the lamp -light . dr . maturin hurry in blink sleep out of he eye as he tie on he black apron - behind he , higgins , the assistant surgeon . 25 . powder magazine Little addison and he team of powder - monkey run with they box of gunpowder to the ... 26 . gun-deck as lamb , nagel and the other carpenter bash down cabin partition , transform the entire gun - deck into a single continuous space , from the bow to the Captain 's great cabin in the stern . as the crew swarm about they gun , grotesque shadow be throw on the wall and ceiling by the numerous battle - lantern arrive to illuminate the scene . 27 . weather-deck jack and pulling stride the length of the deck toward the bow [ ] . they pass crew man the carronade while other swing the ship 's small boat out and over the side to be tow behind the ship . 28 . forecastle jack and pulling join hollom . jack where away ? calamy point forward and a little to the leave of the surprise 's bow . calamy not two mile distant , sir. jack and pulling stare through telescope into the fog , which be beginning to lift . jack lower he telescope . jack Mr. hollom ? hollom I see nothing , nor hear anything either . shall I ask they man to stand down ? jack step closer to the bow , and again lift he telescope . 29 . telescope p.o.v a slow pan across the sea , past a darker patch of fog . what be that ? the lens pan back toward the darker area to see a series of flash . 30 . close on jack he turn and shout to the crew - jack lie down ! everybody lie down ! his word be underscore by a series of distant explosion , follow by a deep rumble , then a tear , howling sound . 31 . angle on the sky chain shot and grape , bar and canister shriek through the air . a blizzard of iron . 32 . on the deck the crew hit the deck , the last to drop be bonden hang grimly to the wheel . 33 . midshipman blakeney Close , as he try to bury himself in the deck timber . 34 . deleted 35 . deleted . 36 . quarterdeck the broadside hit the bow and a cloud of splinter and metal scythes the length of the deck at head height . this be rapidly follow by billow smoke from a small fire now burn on the forecastle . calamy be work at put the fire out as jack issue a stream of order . jack run out the gun ! Marines to the top , and get that wounded man below ! he pull a gold watch from he pocket and check the time . 36a . gun deck hollom be nervously supervise a gun crew which include davie and he mate . hollom ... C - cast loose now ... um swab . that 's right . run out you gun . the man work as a team , largely ignore hollom 's hesitant instruction . the shot rack be empty davie shot . there 's no shot ! 37 . quarterdeck ( contd ) as red-coate marine lead by Captain howard climb into the rigging jack call to he clerk - jack note the time Mr. Watt . a anxious tom pulling appear . pulling she 's out of we range , Sir ! jack call to he sailing master , allen . jack closer , Mr. allen . you must lay I alongside she at pistol - shot . allen purse he lip . he know what he 's do and slightly resent the instruction jack ( cont 'd ) Mr. pulling - bow-chaser to fire as she bear . 38 . p.o.v. enemy ship she 's crossing they bow , about a mile distant . 39 . on deck pulling be racing up the larboard gangway to the forecastle , past man stack hammock as blast protection . 40 . on the forecastle gun-captain stand ready , the slow - match burn in the tub . pulling Fire on the uproll . the little drummer 's huge eye be fix on pulling ' face . the ship roll . pulling ( cont 'd ) Fire ! the drum-roll be all but drown by the blast of the gun . the smoke clear , the gunner look on baffle as they ball bounce harmlessly off the side of the enemy ship . old sponge ( in Greek ) witchcraft ! doudle never see the like of it pulling damn and blast you ! see to you gun ! Fire high ! Fire for the mast and rigging ! as the enemy 's murderous long gun run out again . 41 . wide on the enemy ship her french ensign clearly visible as she swing broadside on to the approach surprise - again she side light up in a series of red flash . 42 . in the cockpit by the dim light of a battle - lantern stephen struggle to hold a wounded man on the table , he foot slip in pool of blood on the deck . stephen more sand on the floor , Mr. higgins ! the slightly hang -over higgins reach for the sand bucket and be throw over by the awful jarring shock as the acheron 's third broadside hit home . 43 . in the great cabin - the Captain 's crockery smashes to the deck . killick , cursing freely , stow what he can . 44 . in the orlop shard of timber implode , follow by a great spout of water knock the massive awkward davie sideways as he run for the ladder carry two cannon - ball . a second explosion , a second jet of water and davie , find he foot , start yell for the carpenter . davie Wood and lead ! Mr nagel ! Mr Lamb !! 45 . stair follow davie as he run up to the gun-deck with the shot under he arm past the powder - monkey addison and swift , canister of gun - powder sling over they shoulder , then he see mr. lamb , the carpenter . davie orlop ! we be hole ! as lamb dive for the ladder . 46 . on the gun-deck davie arrive to find a gape hole opposite where he own gun once stand . its crew lie scattered , horribly wounded or dead . the dismounted gun and twelve pound shot be roll around dangerously . hollom , the sole survivor , be back against the bulkhead , cradling a injure arm . calamy emerge from the smoke , meet davie 's horror- strike gaze and take command . calamy Davies ! get that body overboard ! ( to hollom ) Mr. hollom sir ! hollom sit immobilize by fear . calamy grab the poulterer , jemmy duck , who have be rescue the ship 's goat , aspasia . calamy ( cont 'd ) jemmy - leave the damned goat and take Mr. hollom below . jemmy duck aye , sir ! the ship heel as she turn . midshipman blakeney , calamy 's rival in the game of marble , turn to see the dismounted gun roll free . he throw a hammock net under it , stop its roll before it crush calamy against the bulkhead . calamy shoot he a brief look of gratitude and run aft . blakeney carry on shouting to the powder - monkey - blakeney more shot ! more cartridge ! 47 . hull of the surprise in the great jag hole on the gun -deck where the gun be destroy , jack stand frame , a wrathful soot- stain figure . he glance back at he man , hunch and ready , itching to fire . jack ( bellow ) steady ... wait for it ! 48 . wide on the battle to see the two ship about to pass abreast , the surprise head south as it be , the enemy ship , north . the french vessel be clearly the bigger ship , and from both come the sound of shout order and the thunder of drum . they will pass broadside to broadside , 500 yard apart . 49 . gun -deck , surprise jack watch the enemy , judge the moment . jack ... wait wait ! and FIRE ! the great gun go off all together . the cannon leaping back between they crew . jack snatch a powder - monkey , addison , out of the way of the lethal recoil . 50 . quarterdeck smoke clear to reveal hole in the enemy 's foretopsail , a bowline hang loose , but again many of she ball have fail to penetrate the enemy timber . bonden by all that 's holy what be that ship make of ? his question coincide with a third full broadside from the frenchman . the surprise 's wheel shattered . bonden throw aside , mr . watt jerk back to the taffrail , the mizzenmast hit . a rope sheer and joe plaice be smack on the skull by a swinging boom . midshipman blakeney , run up on deck , go to help plaice and be strike down by a fly splinter - a shocking wound to he upper right arm . 51 . companionway jack be half - way up the ladder when he fall , score across the forehead by a musket - ball . eyesight blurred . hear go . he be dimly aware of small arm crack above he head , and someone try to lift he . jack belay there ye pox son of a whore ! mowett you must go below , Sir , you must let I help you below ! jack put a hand to he bleed forehead and drag himself back up the ladder . 52 . in the top a furious exchange of fire between captain howard 's marine and the sharpshooter in the enemy 's rigging . Howard , a big red -face man , be in he element , laugh madly every time he score a hit . 53 . quarterdeck jack emerge into bloody chaos : scream of the wounded all around , the enemy ship move astern in mist and gun-smoke . he wipe blood from he eye as he raise he telescope . 54/55 . telescope p.o.v. as the ship pass , she name be visible on the transom - acheron . pulling v.o Sir .... Jack lower he telescope . pulling ' expression spell catastrophe pulling it 's the rudder . 56 . stern of the surprise grim -face , jack hobble to the shattered taff -rail , see bonden soak , have climb down onto the stern-post . bonden ( shout up ) it 's shot away below the waterline ! 58 . cockpit stephen , up to he armpit in blood , operate on a wounded man , look up to see three more seriously injure man arrive . he pause , aware of some change . stephen why be we not fire ? 57 . gun-deck spiral of drift smoke . blacken bleed man , they gun point at nothing faster doudle no steerage . nehemiah slade we be fish in a barrel 59 . high shot the fog have roll back , like a great curtain , to reveal the two frigate . the badly damage surprise , drift rudderless . the acheron , most of she sail intact , beginning the turn which will put she in position to finish off the surprise . 60 . quarterdeck jack be join by allen as the enemy vessel start crossing they wake . allen he 's come about , sir. mowett should I strike the colour ? all eye on Jack , poise on the brink of awful defeat . allen I be afraid there 's nothing else for it . jack look from the wall of fog to the three little boat they be towing astern . jack damned if there be not . we will tow she . 61 . stern of the surprise sudden feverish activity , run and shouting as man scramble down into the boat . davie settles himself beside nagel in the cutter , turn to look at the approach acheron . his p.o.v. : puff of smoke from its bow -chaser . pulling sail trimmer away , warley , make what sail you can ! jack stern - chaser to fire when she 's in range ! 62 . stern of surprise gout of water from the enemy gunfire rise not fifty yard from they , act as little need encouragement for the boat to get clear of the stern and pull around towards the bow as .... 64 . mainmast / foremast Men scramble up the ratline , and through the shattered rigging . 65 . the great cabin two long brass nine - pounder set up through the open window of the Captain 's day cabin , open fire on the approach acheron . mowett Fire ! 65a . mainmast warley , captain of the maintop , direct he man about the mare 's nest of rigging , get a tatter top-sail to fill with what little breeze there be . warley sharp now with that fancy - line ! to the clew line from the reef point , cully , double up and run she back again ! 66 . quarterdeck through pulling ' telescope : the enemy ship come straight at they , she gun now get the range of the surprise . pulling she 's gain on we . jack start the water , carronade over the side . 67 . angle on the quarterdeck crewmen furiously at work cut the rope secure the gun on the quarterdeck . 68 . angle on the stern Water spout from the pump , while at the same time the quarterdeck gun tumble into the ocean . ( note : they only abandon gun on the quarterdeck , not they main armament on the gun-deck . ) 69 . forecastle jack race to the bow . towline strain as the three small boat pull the great ship toward the curtain of fog and cloud . he yell to the strain oarsman - jack pull ! pull for you life . 70 . angle from the boat the man heave on they oar , face bath in sweat , the towline taut behind they , drag the surprise toward the safety of the fog-bank . 71 . wide to see the surprise slip into the cover of fog and low cloud , only she top mast visible , before they too disappear . 72 . quarterdeck jack join he officer look back into the white - out , in the direction of the enemy . jack quiet now . no call , no shout . Mr. allen , signal the man in the boat to head due east . allen hurry toward the bow , as behind they the fog be momentarily illuminate by flash of gunfire from they pursuer . 73 . the leading jolly boat calamy , in the prow of the jolly - boat , see allen on the ship , signal the turn to eastward . calamy signal to bonden in the stern of the jolly - boat . bonden ( urgent whisper ) starboard haul . and stroke ! stroke ! one side stop row and the boat turn . 74 . the surprise a low angle , the ship come slowly toward we . Beyond , the rower strain at they oar , the great ship rear out of the mist above they , as though carry on they back . 75 . quarterdeck of the surprise somewhere astern and to the leave jack can hear shouting on the acheron . flashes of cannon fire , direct away from they . pulling he 's beat inshore . jack keep row 76 mast of the surprise , ( timelapse ) - night the torture sound of exhaust man row as skein of mist drift away to reveal a dim , yellow moon . on the horizon the batter ship in silhouette , line stretch ahead to she three small boat . 77 quarterdeck of the surprise - night some of the wreckage have be clear aside , the wounded move below . we can hear they moan , and the constant creak of the bilge pump . jack and he officer scan the moonlit sea through telescope . jack 's telescope Pov : a long slow pan along the dark horizon . allen I believe we have lose she , Sir . jack collapse he telescope . jack pass the word to ship oar 78 in the jolly boat . - night the rower slump forward in they seat , they hand raw and crabbe . 79 stairwell - night jack move down a ladder past lamb come up from below , soaking wet and exhaust with he mate nagel . lamb Three foot of water in the hold , Sir , but the pump be keep it from gain . jack very good , Mr. Lamb . the constant creak and sloshing of the pump become louder as he continue down past man hand up food and powder from the flood level below . 81 . sick - BAY Stephen , he face spatter with blood , be adjust the wick of a lantern when Jack arrive beside he jack ( sotto ) what 's the butcher bill ? stephen six dead , thirteen wounded . he notice the gash on Jack 's forehead you head ... jack ( brushes he away ) later . stephen raise he lantern to reveal groan bloodstain man close - pack in the gloom . together they make the round , pass man propped upright by they mate , pale with shock or tense with pain , some struggle to breathe , some barely alive . jack clasp hand , whisper encouragement . a bandage head swim into the glow of the lamp , streak with blood and deeply unconscious . jack ( cont 'd ) who 's this - Joe plaice ? stephen ( sotto ) a severe depressed fracture of the skull . I be not sure he will see out the night . move on to another barely recognizable face : young blakeney , pale and sweaty , breathe hard from the pain and the blood loss . jack Mr. blakeney ? blakeney just a break arm , sir. jack look at stephen , whose expression be grim , but he say nothing , steering Jack forward to the foot of the ladder where they can speak more privately stephen I will do everything possible . I know you be close to he father . Jack nod , defeat weigh heavily , and make to go . Stephen put a restrain hand on he shoulder . stephen ( cont 'd ) one moment Jack let I look at that brow of yours . jack its a scratch . stephen I will tell you if its a scratch or not . sit down . Jack submit meekly , and sit on a lower rung while Stephen put a bandage round he forehead jack how do he find we Stephen ? Seven week sailing and he happen in darkness on we exact position . its uncanny . he really be a phantom stephen unless she be alert to we presence , and look for we . jack tosh . how could that be ? stephen the french have they spy , in Britain as elsewhere . jack ( astonished ) you be say there be traitor in the admiralty ? stephen I be say do not imagine it be a lone privateer who do this to we . he be work for napoleon himself , with access to all that tyrant command , overtly and covertly . so do not let defeat weigh too heavily upon you . 82 . the great cabin - dawn Wan dawn light reflect off the ceiling onto the bloody , bandage officer , conduct a angry post-mortem as killick serve coffee . allen ... call she a frigate ? ha ! you ask I she 's no more a frigate than a paint dutchman . more like a ship of the line , a two - decker more and a frigate . mowett be try to staunch a persistent nosebleed . mowett one do wonder what manner of hull she have . we ball seem to bounce right off she . Jack enter , he head newly bandage . he walk past the seat officer and stand look out through the stern window . the officer continue they conversation , though they word be intend for Jack pulling she have the weather - gauge and long eighteen which could hit we beyond we effective range . that 's the sum of it allen and 40 gun to we 28 , I count the muzzle flash . pulling it be a unfair match , no dishonor in defeat no dishonor at all . Jack still have he back to they . he put he hand in he pocket and find something there - the shattered fragment of he gold pocket watch . allen ( sigh ) well , we can patch up we main and mizzen the foresail be too far go so we will bend we spare . pulling sir. Jack finally turn . pulling ( cont 'd ) Mr. Allen be confident , with basic repair , we can get home as we be ... allow for a stop in Jamaica . allen at Port Royal we can haul she into dry - dock , and hopefully get she home without ... jack we be not go home . a expectant hush . killick be all ear , as he pick up the coffee cup and place they carefully on a silver tray . jack ( cont 'd ) what be we purpose here gentleman ? why be we send ? to punish a blackguard privateer who have decimate we Atlantic whaling fleet and now threaten to do the same in the pacific . be we to leave that ship to he mercy and slink back into Portsmouth - another defeat to add to the list . be that what we draw we wage for ? I say we pursue she and pay she back with interest allen with respect , Captain , she could be half - way to cape horn by the time we be repair and underway . jack ( sternly ) then there 's not a moment to lose . 83 . outside the great cabin killick exit the cabin with the tray of coffee cup . as he pass they to he mate , black bill - killick ( a whisper ) we be for the horn . 84 . throughout the ship - dawn Word pass like lightning from the wounded in the orlop , to the beak of the ship muttered voice ad lib - the horn you say ? - never ! in this condition ? - eh ? what news mate - head for where ?! 85 . forecastle - dawn a few of the old ' surprise ' have gather for a smoke , all of they man who have sail with jack before : jittery alcoholic higgins , loyal nehemiah slade , sharp - face tobacco- chew faster doudle , and the big welshman awkward Davies , still shake by the loss of he gun-crew . higgin we be for hell in a hand - barrow if you ask my opinion slade I be game . if the captain say we can take she we can take she . davie can we catch she be the question . and if we do what 's different ? she will just hold we off with they long eighteen till she send we all to the bottom . all for what ? doudle I will tell you for what , matey . she 's a privateer , load with all the gem of araby . think of the gold . think of the prize-money . hollar hoi there ! you man jump to it ! 86 . waist of the ship - noon the grating be haul aside and light flood down into the gun-deck . 87 . gun -deck - day part of a huge tree -trunk - spare timber for repair - be manhandle by a dozen crewmen . hollar heave . and heave . handsomely now . one long pull . belay ! 88 . quarterdeck - day crewmen labour at the capstan . hollar ( o.s. ) two six heave ! two six heave ! the huge log rise from below and hang suspend from its gantry . jack shout down from the quarterdeck - jack have she place along the gunwale for now , Mr. hollar , and the gun move to that side also . 89 . above jack head Men be hang in the rigging throw down damage section of rope . faster doudle all clear below ! 90 . quarterdeck - day jack dodge the fall rope , move back , past nagel and he man who be cut out damage section of the gunwale with saw and adze , prize up decking and wrestle with the wreck steering mechanism . 91 . the stern - day jack look down to where pulling and other have lift the break rudder from its hinge . 92 . wide shot - day the ship swarm with man , cut , splicing , hammer and haul . every able-body soul hard at work . 93 . quarterdeck - day a optimistic breeze have pick up , flutter the tatter ensign . the deck be now sloping at a forty - five degree angle . killick hand a sandwich to pulling who pass it down to jack . jack damn this wind , Mr. pulling ! the acheron will be make a hundred and fifty mile a day in this . pulling aye , but hugging the coast , and stop to board the odd merchantman jack smile at this and bite into he sandwich . to the uphill side , carpenter be erecting a scaffold over the side of the ship . 94 . the ship - day the ship 's copper- plate keel be partly reveal as the man clamber and slip about on the steeply - sloping side erecting scaffold . the tropical heat resound with shout , curse and hammer . 95 . side of the ship - dusk carpenter work inside the scaffold , be fitting new section of wood into the hole low in she hull . lamb down . down . stop. the new piece of wood be a almost perfect fit . mr. lamb mark the place where it be jam . lamb ( cont 'd ) up again . then he begin to work on it with he rasp . 96 . underwater - dusk among tropical fish , a diver , a Greek crewman , ' old sponge ' ( father of young sponge ) a hammer at he belt , plug a few smaller hole with hemp fibre , then surface to ... 97 . the side of the cutter - dusk old sponge ( in Greek ) the smaller bit . no . that bit there . young sponge pass he a piece of lead and some nail and old sponge dive again . we p.o.v. descend into the sea as ... 98 . waist of the ship - night Roaring flame , fly spark , the clang of metal on metal . a forge have be set up . powder - monkey sweat on the bellow . the ship 's blacksmith be churn out iron bolt , pintle and gudgeon , which be snatch away by nagel with tong and throw into a bucket of water to cool . a few yard away , wood chip fly from lamb 's adze as the ship 's massive new stern post take shape . the new rudder be laid out flat , already cut to its final shape and be strengthen with great nail and iron band which nehemiah slade and awkward davie be nail into place . the hammer travel through the ship to ... 99 . the sick berth - night blakeney with he splint arm jerk awake , feverish and confuse . blakeney no. no . not through my nose ! calamy its alright . William . you be dream . blakeney look around , disorient and find calamy by he side . blakeney Joe plaice tell I when you die they sew you up in you hammock with the last stitch through you nose ... to make sure you be not just sleep calamy you know old Joe , always tell [ ] storey . blakeney be it true though ? [ ] about the last stitch ? calamy come on , you will be stitching I in mine first . blakeney ( drift ) not through my nose . you will tell they . calamy ( nod ) nor any other part of you . try to make light of it , though he fear blakeney be die . 100 . sick BAY , later - night calamy have fall asleep by blakeney 's side . he wake to find stephen sniff blakeney 's wound . calamy be it mend , sir ? stephen no , I be afraid it will not do . 101 . the cockpit - night blakeney be lower onto the table , delirious . calamy hold he head and padeen , maturin 's giant manservant , he leg , which be lash together . blakeney no. mamma . mamma . stephen it be the laudanum speak . you will be a regular Nelson . he test the edge of he knife with he thumb . calamy place the leather gag between blakeney 's tooth . padeen mumble a gaelic prayer . stephen turn and grip blakeney shattered arm . a sharp , grate noise as stephen work out of shot , cut off the arm . Close on stephen , lip compress , utterly focuss . he put down the bloody knife and reach for the spatula in the pail of hot tar . blakeney have not uttere a sound , though he be shaking uncontrollably and he face be wet with tear . calamy have tear in he eye also . stephen finish he work , breathe hard , a gentle smile to blakeney . stephen ( cont 'd ) there . I have never see a brave patient . 102 . sick - berth - night a exhaust calamy keep vigil by blakeney 's cot . the boy wake , and look for calamy in the darkness . blakeney Peter ? be that you ? I dream they cut my arm off . then he realize , with sudden horror , that it be not a dream calamy you would have die else . blakeney eye brim with tear and he turn away calamy ( cont 'd ) come . you can still sup you grog with you leave . and I shall take you turn at marble . 103 . mizzen topgallant - day mowett stand in the cross -tree , make a final check on the lashing round the new mizzen top . below he the great work be near completion , man swarm like ant over every part of the hull . mowett climb down past faster doudle who have one leg looped through the shroud and be splicing a rope with both hand and he tooth . farther down , a patch sail be be furle up tight in its gasket . Beyond that , at the base of the main - mast a fascinate group of man have gather to watch the Doctor trepan joe plaice . 104 . base of the mainmast - day stephen 's drill carve out a neat disc of bone to reveal a purplish mass which he start spoon from the cavity . a small crowd of crewmen pause in they work , watch the doctor with morbid fascination as he drop the purple stuff in a dish . slade ( shout ) be they he brain , Doctor ? stephen no , that be just blood . this be he brain . expose they to view . several of the crew move in for a closer look . the armourer hand stephen a flatten coin , which he begin to screw in place over the cavity as the old hand whisper he praise to the man who have never see Stephen at work . slade physician he be , not one of you common surgeon . faster doudle cure Prince billy of the marthambles and the strong fives , would not look at you for under ten guinea on land . davie [ ] know he bird and beast too boyo , show he a beetle and he will tell you what it 's think . 105 . the surprise - day a wind cause the ship to turn on its mooring , stir impatiently , like a racehorse ready to be off as ... 106 . quarterdeck - day ... jack jump down from the mizzen ratline . jack let we be off , Mr. Allen ! allen weigh anchor ! all hand to make sail . Mr hollom ! 107 . on deck barefoot man be suddenly run to they station , racing above and below , run out along the bowsprit , up the ratline , along the yard . a small group , suppose to be assist hollom , be contrast slow off the mark hollom bear a hand there you fellow ! the man he be address , shoot he a look of distaste which unsettle hollom slightly , then they assist he pull on a rope 108 . quarterdeck - day mowett up and down Sir , thick and dry for weigh . 109 . waist of the ship - day Men strain on the capstan bar . 110 . bow - day the anchor burst up out of the sea . 111 . mast of the surprise - day the shroud darken with climb figure , frame against the sun . hollar ( o.s. ) trice up . Lay out . sheet home ! hoist away ! 112 . quarterdeck - day hollar stare up as the sail unfurl and fill with wind . hollar cheerly there in the foretop , we William ! t'garnsl sheet ! hand to the brace ! Men slide down rope from high amongst the shroud , then swing out and drop down to the deck like monkey , pull rope and sail tight with the weight of they body . 113 . wide shot - day the ship spread its wing . a sudden crack of canvas as she turn and run directly downwind . 114 . quarterdeck - late afternoon the sun have sink lower . bonden , solid as the rock of Gibraltar be back at the helm , the wind stronger and directly behind . jack speed , Mr. boyle boyle heave the log clear of the ship 's side . the log line race out on its reel . boyle check the run , pull the pin . boyle ten and a half knot , Sir . jack make no comment but the news seem to please he . 115 . close to the water - dusk the great hull power past we . 116 . deleted 117 . outside the great cabin - night killick prepare toast cheese in he small serve - area . from inside the cabin , the sound of a violin and a cello tuning up . killick glance irritably at the door and elbow he mate , black bill . killick here we go again : scrape , scrape , screech , screech and never a tune you could dance to , not if you be drunk as davey 's sow . 118 . inside the great cabin jack and stephen be both keen amateur musician - jack , violin , stephen cello . as Stephen complete he tuning , Jack experiment with a refrain . stephen be that one I know , or be we break new ground ? jack I be try to remember that air they play all that year ago at the governor house in Port mahon . you remember when we first meet . corelli if I be not mistaken . he play another riff stephen if that be you " a " you be very much so . this be A. Jack correct he a string , play another few bar jack or locatelli . pom pom pom pom stephen all I remember be you be unable to sit in you seat the entire performance . jack aye and you practise apon that poor bishop with you " pudding athwart the starboard gumbril " or some such arrant nonsense . stephen ( laugh ) no . that be off toulon , during the blockade . at we first meeting they play this : he play a short refrain jack no. no. entirely off the mark . pom-pom - pom I have now he play another variation stephen ( enjoy the game ) or be it something like this .... cello answer violin , as they hand it back and forth , improvise freely now with a infinity of variation , sometimes play together , sometimes separately , suddenly hit it , the music soar and continue over 119 . a high point of view , time lapse - day the tiny ship on the vastness of the ocean . from its side , cotton - wool puff of smoke . 120 . gun - deck - same time a rippling broadside , the crew sweat over they gun . jack and pitch them up ! it 's spar and rigging we want ! mowett timing the gap between each broadside . mowett Three minute ten , sir. jack not good enough ! we must fire three broadside to she two . again ! turn to blakeney , who though much recover , still look pale and a little unsure of himself . jack ( cont 'd ) Mr. blakeney ? think you can supervise a gun ? blakeney as you will . sir. jack ' spitfire ' , hop to it . blakeney take command of the gun . to one side calamy be in charge of ' beelzebub ' , on the other side hollom be now direct ' sudden death ' . once again the order be give , and the crew , now compete with each other , go through the sequence : ' out tompion ' , ' cast loose you gun ' , ' cartridge . Ball . Prime . run out you gun . Prime . aim. stand clear ... Fire !!' 121 . and again - dusk as another broadside shake the deck , stephen haul he collect net on board and empty out a glisten array of sea creature - shrimp , squid and minnow , glint like opal in the pink light . mowett ( o.s. ) two minute five , sir. pulling again ! 122 . and again - night it 's a race . jack 's order be just a formality , the sequence have become so automatic now . jack out tompion ... run out you gun ... Prime . second tick away on mowett 's stopwatch , barrel float on the sea a hundred yard out . jack ( cont . ) ( cont 'd ) as she bear , from forward aft . Point you gun ... Fire !! 123 . the ocean at night the black ship spout tongue of flame , the water around the target barrel erupting in great spout . mowett ( o.s. ) two minute dead . 124 . the gunpowder room boom ! another splendidly coordinate broadside resound through the ship as the powder - monkey come racing down through the dreadnought screen to the magazine and back with more cartridge . for they too it 's a race , little addison just ahead of swift , rye hot on he heel . 125 . stephen be cabin - night the sound of the gun be faint down here , at least when hear from stephen 's perspective - he ear be stuff with wax . he be surround by he specimen bottle , and he look from he microscope to he ledger where he be document the array of aquatic life - form . he remove he ear-plug , but the noise of the gun be deafen and he hastily replace they . 126 . on the gun - deck - night mowett watch the second hand of he stopwatch , glance up as he note - the concentrate fury of the man swabbing , ramming , heaving in , heaving out , fire at a raft this time . and he stop the watch as the first gun fire . mowett one minute forty - nine , Sir ! his voice be drown by the fire of the other gun in close succession entirely demolosh the raft , the sound mixing with cheer and the frenzied hammer of nagel and he mate as the gun-deck partition be cheerfully re-erected . 127 . in the great cabin - night the table be drag back into place and setting laid for dinner . jack enter , he face flushed with victory . jack killick ? killick there . killick appear . jack ( cont 'd ) what do you have for we tonight ? killick which it 's , souse hogg - face . jack aah ! my favorite . 128 . MAIN deck - night the sky a great canopy of star , the ship racing onwards through the warm night . Crew man and the recover wounded have come up on deck . now they sit around in group , supping they grog . someone produce a jaw-harp , someone else a drum . a guitar be pass from hand to hand , stop with black bill who sing a ballad in a African dialect . there 's a effortless integration of race and rank , of age and nationality - bond forge by battle and hardship . old sponge get up and dance a Greek dance : obviously a favorite among the crew . cheer and cat-call . lantern come up from below . more dance , insult in many language , and a song . gun-crews boneparte boneparte that red -face son of a old french fart hey ho , stamp and go stamp and go , stamp and go hey ho , stamp and go 129 . the great cabin - night the sing mix with the end of a lively dinner give by jack for he officer , include a special guest , young blakeney . pulling with you permission , Sir , Mr. mowett have compose a short poem in honour of we mission . jack let 's hear it , Mr. mowett . reaction around the table , glass re-fill in anticipation . mowett stand and declaim with a number of precise airy gesture , like a conductor . mowett we brotherhood , some old , some new . in blood baptize , in strength renew . in purpose unify and true . all thought of home forsaken . where duty lead we , there we go . nor rest nor comfort shall we know . until the unrepentant foe , be board sink or take all ( raise they glass ) aye ! Capital ! well say ! hear he , hear he ! ' sunk or take ' ... jack aye and when we do take she we shall give she to Tom pulling as he first command . if he do not die before then . bumper up Tom allen ( a toast ) ' to wife and sweetheart ' . they raise they glass - all ' to wife and sweetheart ' . pulling and may they never meet . amid the laughter someone bump blakeney 's stump . he wince , then put a brave face on it blakeney ( to jack ) I believe you know Nelson , Sir ? jack Lord Nelson ? yes . I have the honour of serve under he at the Nile . ( aside ) Mr. mowett , the bottle stand by you , sir . ( as the bottle move on ) in fact I dine with he twice , and he speak to I on both occasion . the table go quiet . blakeney be wide - eye , though partly from he strenuous effort to appear sober . jack ( cont . ) ( cont 'd ) the first time he say to I - ' May I trouble you for the salt , sir ? ' I have always try to say it as close as I could [ ] the second time someone have offer he a boat-cloak on a cold night and he say no , he be quite warm - he zeal for he king and country keep he warm . amid the general agreement - ' hear he , hear he ' , etc . stephen be noticeably silent . jack ( cont 'd ) it sound absurd , I know , and be it another man you would cry out , " oh , what pitiful stuff " and dismiss it as mere enthusiasm , but with he you feel you heart glow . mowett ( raise he glass ) to Lord Nelson . all Lord Nelson ! [ ] Stephen join on the toast , but jack know that he friend deplore such over patriotism and seek to draw he back in with a joke . jack you see that two weevils , Doctor ? he point at a faint movement amongst the crumb of a ship 's biscuit . stephen I do . jack which would you choose ? the table tense with anticipation of one of the Captain 's ' joke ' . stephen concentrate . stephen there be not a scrap of difference . they be the same species of curculio . jack but suppose you have to choose ? stephen then I would choose the right - hand weevil , it have a perceptible advantage in both length and breadth . jack there I have you . you be completely dish . do not you know in the navy you must always choose ' the lesser of two weevils ' ? he thunder with laughter , the rest join in , breathless with mirth , tear of laughter stream down they face allen ' pon my life . he who would pun would pick a pocket . dýe not smoke it doctor ? stephen ( poker face ) sure there would be some poor thin barren mind that would catch at such a paltry clench . then he too crack a smile and join in they laughter 130 . MAIN deck - night the crew continue with they own celebration . the excitement penetrate joe plaice 's stupor . never have wake since the trepan he suddenly open he eye and speak . plaice " ... and the righteous shall inherit the earth . " the man around he stare in amazement . bonden you hear that . he say something . Joe speak ! say something else Joe joe handy with that gasket bonden ( shout up to the quarterdeck ) he speak doctor . Joe plaice speak 131 . quarterdeck the officer have appear on deck with they coffee and Stephen raise a hand in acknowledgment . 132 . in the rigging - night midshipmen calamy rye and boyle be eat from a bag of break biscuit ( ' ship nut ' ) as they sit perch up in the rigging . on see jack , they break into they own song . midshipmen we captain be very good to we . he dip he prick in phosphorus . it shed a light all through the night . and steer we through the bosphorus . 133 . quarterdeck jack pretend not to have hear , but he can not hide he smile . beside he in a chair sit blakeney , he empty jacket sleeve pin to he front ' Nelson ' style , laugh incredulously at the older boy cheek . from somewhere on the forecastle , warley and he top-men start sing . top -men farewell and adieu you fine Spanish lady farewell and adieu to you lady of Spain ... the older midshipman , hollom join in , he fine voice soar effortlessly over the other , hijack they roistering ballad and convert it to something much more poignant . hollom for we have receive order to sail for Old England . perhaps we shall never more see you again his sing be appreciate by stephen on the quarterdeck . stephen what a wonderfully true voice Mr. hollom do possess . 134 . in the waist - night killick and nagel be less than impressed with hollom and sing over he , lead by orrage the cook . orrage come all you thoughtless young man , a warning take by I , and never leave you happy home to sail the raging sea . 135 . ocean - night the surprise sailing away from we , the chorus drift across the darkness . 135a . ocean . day the colour be change , from the rich hue of the tropic to the cold mute colour of colder , more southerly clime . still the surprise sail on 136 . the great cabin - day finger trace a course down the east coast of South America . another , more detailed chart be place on top of the first . allen this one 's by colnett , Sir . he travel with Captain cook and carry a pair of arnott 's chronometer . jack find they position and mark it with pencil . a knock on the door . officer and crew be now dress accord to the change in climate killick couple of the man to see you , sir. jack ( without look up ) show they in . the door open to reveal nagel and warley carry something . jack ( cont 'd ) what 's this ? a scale model of a ship , 15 inch long , perfect in every detail . Jack take it , delighted , the name pick out in gold on the stern - acheron . nagel it be warley 's idea , Sir . warley I think she be familiar like , then I remember where I would see she - in Boston , during the peace . jack [ ] in Boston ? warley ( nod ) yes , sir. she 's yankee build . I see they work on she , something right strange about she scantling . then I see they ball bounce off she a ' I get to think . nagel if you look here , Sir . one side open up . he pull a side off the model , expose its construction . warley mister nagel here do it just like I see she - a third layer ' tween the outer and inner ribbing - diagonal brace , see ? jack just like the U.S. constitution - we 12 pounder could not penetrate except at close range . he pass the model to allen . jack ( cont 'd ) killick . killick , there . killick enter . jack ( cont 'd ) a extra ration of rum for this man , from my private store . killick ( shaking he head ) which I be save for salute Day , Sir . jack Rouse it up , killick , and a bottle for Mr. allen and I . let we live whilst we be alive ! killick go to get the bottle jack hunker down to bring he gaze level with the ship , as though study its tiny occupant . jack ( cont 'd ) he 's vulnerable here . he tap the stern window . jack ( cont 'd ) Cross she stern , rake she with a broadside through she length . but how to get close enough ? past that long eighteen . that 's the devil of it . 136 b surprise quarterdeck day the surprise have stop level with a Spanish merchantman , which lie three hundred yard away , head in the opposite direction . the two boat have hove to and be communicate by megaphone , Stephen translate the Spanish captain word , stephen he say they be chase for three day till they finally our-ran she . forty gun french privateer head due south . jack Capital . thank he and let we be off . the Spanish captain , already make sail , wave and shout a greeting , which Stephen call back to he . jack ( cont 'd ) what do he say there ? stephen a Spanish farewell . " May no new thing arrive . " New thing be generally by they nature bad . 137 . stephen be cabin - night Stephen be with blakeney , re-bandaging the young man' stump . blakeney look away , he eye move over the doctor collection of book , learn text in french Spanish , Greek and Latin blakeney do you have a manual of exercise sir . stephen exercise ? blakeney physical exercise , to make the leave arm as powerful as the right once be . stephen I think that will happen with usage , at least to a certain extent . blakeney but not completely . I will never be whole again , will I ? stephen no but you will adapt to you new situation the natural world show we any number of example of how that be possible . blakeney bite he lip blakeney you know my father be a great fight captain . it be always he expectation I would follow in he footstep . I worry that with this arm I will now be good for nothing but book learn and philosophy . stephen ah. like I you mean . blakeney ( become tearful ) I can not use a sextant , can not tie a knot or climb the rigging . can not even dress myself . what chance to I have now of even make first lieutenant . stephen you have every chance . you hear I every chance . only the other day I hear the captain sing you praise . you courage , you fortitude in battle , you skill at logarithm and double elevation whatever they may be . and when you be rate lieutenant you shall have someone to tie you bootlace for you . aye and help you with you jacket . here take my handkerchief . I believe we be summonse to dinner . 139 . MAIN mast - dawn the maintop captain , warley , shout to the deck , he breath form in the frosty air - warley sail on the larboard bow ! 140 . great cabin / ladder jack throw on a heavy boat-cloak , run for the ladder , killick behind he try to get a scarf about jack 's neck and a cap on he head . 141 . the rigging - dawn follow jack as he run up the ratline , over the futtock shroud , then up the topmast shroud , finally arrive at the very top of the mast , to join warley and pulling . jack where away ? pulling Hull down , two point off the larboard beam . jack take the telescope . 142 . telescope p.o.v. just the tip of mast , the hull below the horizon . warley ( o.s. ) she 's a frigate all right , but no way of know if she be the phantom . Beyond the distant ship , a line of black cloud . 143 . rigging - dawn jack and pulling slide to the deck on parallel back - stay , as careless as a couple of midshipmen . 144 . quarterdeck - dawn jack shouting - jack set studdingsails and top gallant . then wet the sail and have the idler place along the rail . pulling and hollar bark out they order . Men race to obey . jack step up on the gunwale , spying out the distant ship . blakeney , nearby , rest he telescope on calamy 's shoulder , focuss with he leave hand . blakeney be it he , Sir ? jack touch wood , Mr. blakeney . and I fancy she plan to out - run we . ask Dr. maturin to join we , he love a good chase . blakeney go below . above , the topmen release more sail which be tightened by the man on deck haul on cable . that not work sit on a row along the windward gunwale , like the crew of a ocean racing yacht , to counterbalance the pull of the sail . 145 . weather -deck - day they speed be so great green seas be now sweeping the forecastle . a man fall and roll into the scupper . mowett lifeline fore and aft ! jack speed , Mr. calamy ? calamy heave the lead and read the log line , then shout back to jack - calamy twelve knot , Sir ! 146 . the surprise - day heeled over under a great press of sail , she copper show as she cleft the wave . 147 . forecastle - day line up along the starboard rail , the crew look back at they captain riding the ship like a charioteer , one eye aloft on the creak topmost spar . jemmy duck we be crack on , eh ? faster doudle we will be crack off presently if he do not watch it . slade no , he know this ship . he know what she can take . he touch wood , just the same and look at Joe plaice who give a meaningful roll of he eye . ahead , the bank of storm cloud loom gunmetal grey . 148 . great cabin - day pulling knock and enter , with a anxious look mr . lamb , with whom he have be argue a point . pulling we can just see she topsail . she 's make she turn westward . lamb I can not vouch for the mizzen Sir , not round cape horn . jack I will not lose she now . set a course westward . both man accept this and leave . 149 . quarterdeck ( timelapse ) - day the wind have increase considerably , the deck sloping like the roof of a house , the mast bend like coach - whip . pulling and lamb be look up at the mizzenmast which be make ominous creak and groan . jack Mr hollar , rig preventer backstay . warp and light hawser to the masthead . jack stare ahead to the darken sky as they move across a switchback landscape of massive roll wave . jack ( cont 'd ) better get below , Mr. pulling ! pulling what , Sir ? jack ( grinning ) better get some food in you . before it turn nasty . 150 . ocean - day Wide to see the two ship . the surprise and the acheron with a mile of sea between they . it 's like some great ocean race , with neither prepare to take in canvas despite the appall condition . 151 . quarterdeck - later , day they be run fast before a dangerous , follow sea : a landscape of hill and valley , the whole thing in terrifying motion . the forecastle now vanish in foam with every plunge , rise each time with water pour over the waist and spout from she scupper . killick come up with the coffee pot inside he jacket . jack drink from the spout , peer ahead into the murk . a wild unruly part of he be loving this . above he , more top -men struggle up the rigging , with the mast draw crazy figure of eight on a rush sky . 152 . below deck the dog watch be wolfing they food , mug and dinner plate slide over the table . crewmen walk up hill to the grog barrel , down they ration and head up top again . higgins you reckon Captain will keep chase he 'round the horn with every stitch of canvas fly ? davie I reckon he would chase he to the gate of hell if he have to . plaice and that 's where we be all go if he do not take in sail . since he injury , Joe plaice 's startlingly random pronouncement have acquire the quality of a oracle . 153 . on deck the wind rise from yell to shriek . wave blow flat by it , the ship travel at a drunken sideways angle across a raging expanse of white foam . four man on the wheel , lash to it , with the air around they full of water . in the distance a tower of black rock on the rim of the sea , distant roller break against it and surging up to a preposterous height . jack look up at the great press of canvas as he pace the quarterdeck , the officer glance from the sail back to jack . jack Strike the topgallant . Men gratefully rush to the ratline and begin climb to the mast . stephen stagger up onto deck . jack call to he , point at the black rock . jack ( cont 'd ) cape horn , Doctor ! stephen stare across at the legendary cape . he 's struggle with he pocket - glass when a lurch of the ship send he tumble . as man help he below , warley , the maintop captain report to the bosun . hollar ( to warley ) help they with that mizzen topgallant ! you go too , Mr. hollom ! hollom look desperate as he follow warley up the ratline of the mizzen . 154 . mizzen topgallant mast warley work frantically . he 's out on the yardarm high above the raging sea . he shout for hollom to join he , but hollom be still in the top , some twenty foot below , unable or unwilling to climb any higher . 155 . the surprise - day Wide to see the ship . warley work on the sway mizzen . the bow swinging a couple of point further south . 156 . quarterdeck - day Wood and rope strain as they wrestle to turn . then a tremendous crack as the mizzen - topmast split and fly backward into the sea , carry warley along with it . bonden man overboard ! sail and cordage fall over the man at the wheel . a loose block and tackle swinging murderously in the gale . jack fight free from the tangle of rope as warley vanish in the foam . the mizzenmast be act as a sea-anchor drag the ship 's head northward toward the black rock . jack grab a speak - trumpet as warley briefly reappear . jack swim for the wreckage , man ! then to pulling . jack ( cont 'd ) reduce sail ! as crewmen scramble frantically into the rigging , jack turn back to see warley desperately swim toward the trail wreckage , he mate shouting encouragement over the howling wind . with sail reduce the ship perceptibly slow , but the drag wreckage be swinging the ship broadside on to the wave . bonden she 's broaching ! pulling run to jack , point to the trail mass of rope and mast . pulling it 's act as a sea-anchor ! we must cut it loose , Sir ! warley still struggle to reach the wreckage but go under with each wave . jack , agonize , make he decision . jack axe ! awkward davie scramble up the ladder with a axe , but lose he foot and fall sprawling over the quarterdeck . jack grab the axe and attack the rope . he 's join by nagel who have run to assist before realize that the man overboard be he friend warley . jack ( cont 'd ) set to then . set to !! nagel 's face be a mask of horror , but he obey jack order and start chopping . he and Jack work shoulder to shoulder , match blow for blow [ ] the prow keep turn , wave after wave come at right angle to the ship . 157 . on the gun - deck - day a hatch cover be tear off by the force of water , a sudden mighty deluge pour down into the lower level drench the man and swamp the gun . hollar ( yell below ) all hand to the pump ! 158 . quarterdeck - day jack and nagel [ ] keep hack at the tangle of rope . knock chip off the railing in they urgency to cut free the drag mast . finally they succeed . the last of the rope [ ] whip away , the break mizzen disappear aft and the ship swing southward , away from the rock . the wreckage be sweep away by the next wave , leave warley struggle , he last chance of get back to the ship go . then another wave break over he and he be go . nagel be bereft . jack lower he head . 159 . outside the great cabin - night killick and black bill . killick he 's be at it again . black bill who 's that then ? killick the jonah . black bill what jonah ? 160 . the great cabin - night jack sit at he desk . the model of the acheron that warley help make sit accusingly in front of he . stephen pour he a glass on wine , and one for himself . stephen the death in actual battle be the easiest . ( beat ) for my own part - that who die under the knife or from some consequent infection : I have to remind myself that it be the enemy who kill they , and not I . ( beat ) warley be a casualty of war , as surely as if a french ball have take he . jack nod . obviously the death still weigh on he conscience . [ ] stephen ( cont 'd ) ( offer the wine ) at the same time .... he break off Jack at the same time , what ? Stephen hesitates , aware that he have to proceed carefully stephen you know that I wear two hat on every voyage . I be the captain particular friend and supporter , but also I be the ship doctor in which later capacity I be party to .... he catch a steely glint in jack eye and break off . stephen ( cont 'd ) you do not want I to continue . jack ( stiffly ) on the contrary . I insist on it . stephen there be talk below deck of turn back . or rather that we should have turn back some week ago . of course the man would follow " lucky Jack " anywhere , and usually in the confident expectation of victory . but that of course be the problem . jack what be the problem ? stephen that you be not accustom to defeat Jack . that you have take it too personally . that chase this larger , faster ship , with its long gun , be beginning to smack of pride ' which goeth before destruction ' ? jack it 's not pride nor anything like it , it 's a question of duty . stephen ' duty ' , ah yes . the naval signal for end of discussion . jack you can be as ' satiric ' as you like , Stephen , but I have my order . she be attack we whaler . for why ? without whale we have no boot polish , nor any soap , nor oil for we lamp , not to oil we sabre and musket . destroy we whaler could win the war for napoleon . which be why we must catch this acheron . as a man of learn surely you can see that . stephen at whatever the cost ? jack any whatever cost I choose to pay . and I will calculate that myself , Stephen without reference to you friend in the ward room . 160a mizzen -top a icy wind whip at the man work on the temporary mizzen mast . hollom , half way up the rigging be relaying instruction between the man in the rigging and the man on deck hollom cast off . the new yard flail around on its pulley , bashing dangerously against the mast . almost claim nagel hollom ( cont 'd ) belay . sorry . sorry . 161 quarterdeck pulling craning upwards . the topmen 's shout command be whipped away by the gale . jack join he , still smart from the conversation with Stephen jack we will have to go further south , get around this bloody west wind . pulling how far south ? jack as far as be necessary , Mr. pulling . the sixtieth parallel if need be . 162 . the ship - day tack southward . the sun , a pale anaemic disc , gradually disappear behind layer of cloud . the wind be a constant shrill whistle through the rigging , a sound like some infernal drill which rise and fall but never cease . dissolve to - 163 . quarterdeck - dawn the sun rise in a clear sky which turn a sapphire blue . White ice - island lie all around they , some a pure , rosy pink . other bright ultramarine . and still the wind howl , drive they further south . mowett pass he telescope to stephen maturin . as stephen study some seal on a ice- beach , mowett launch into verse , shouting against the wind - mowett then we upon the globe last verge shall go to view the ocean lean on the sky from thence we roll neighbour we shall know and on the hide world securely pry ! he be interrupt by a bundle of gun clatter on board from one of the small boat . they be follow by Mr Howard clad in several thickness of sealskin and carry a brace of dead penguin . 164 . the ship at night the ship scudd onwards , soundless at this distance , but for the chill high pitch whistle of the wind . a iceberg pass in foreground , fantastic shape of ice , like a gothic cathedral , sculpt by the element . 165 . berth deck - night hanging stove provide some feeble warmth . Men huddle close to they , they breath condense , or lie shiver in they bunk , unable to sleep for the cold . hollar appear with a lantern . hollar rise and shine ! show a leg there , tumble up , tumble up - sleeper awake ! as the previous watch arrive downstairs , numb and daze from the cold , the next watch emerge from they hammock and dress . no - one speak . 166 . the great cabin - day the officer take they place at dinner . once again it 's penguin stew . pulling come in , with a unexpected smile on he face and whisper something to jack . jack praise be . at last . the other seem to know what 's go on , all except stephen who look baffle . stephen pray what be there to celebrate ? jack hold up he hand for silence . a series of creak and groan from the ship . the coffee pot tilt on its gimbal . jack we have make we turn northward , Doctor . we be head back toward the sun ... the officer give a slightly rag cheer . jack ( cont 'd ) ... in anticipation of which . I ask killick to prepare something special . ( shout off ) killick . killick there . killick come in with he usual exasperate expression , bear a tray with a silver tureen lid on it . killick which I be just come . he lay it on the table . jack gentlemen , I give you ... we destination . he whip off the lid to reveal a strange glutinous mass , a pudding cut in the oddest of shape . everyone stand to get a better look . stephen the galapagos Islands . pulling ' pon my word so it be . look : here 's narborough , Chatham and Hood ... jack that 's where the whaler be , be not it Mr Allen . so that 's where the acheron will be head . the mood be now take over by the glee of recognition , as the officer marvel over the pudding . jack ( cont 'd ) Mr. pulling , if you will permit I , a slice of albermale . for you Doctor , redondo rock . there 's a tiny man-of - war make of icing , between the island . jack pick it up in he spoon . jack ( cont 'd ) and , with a fair wind behind we the acheron for I . 167 . OPEN ocean , doldrum - day slow pan over a glassy expanse of water . jack 's head suddenly break the surface , close to camera . as he swim he bring the surprise into view . the ship be utterly becalm , wallowing in the swell , she sail hang limp . a 'paint ship upon a paint ocean ' . jack swim around the ship , which currently present a less than warlike picture with wash hang from every part of the rigging . he call up to pulling - jack best bower chip ... lot of rust on this forechain ... black strake need another coat . 168 . quarterdeck jack come aboard , take a towel from killick and look about he . the man be holystone the deck and polish the brightwork . they look thin and exhaust and burnt dark - brown by the sun and wind . 169 . forecastle killick be with nagel and other tarring the ratline as he look back at hollom , patrol the gangway . killick indicate he with a tilt of the head . killick that engagement off recife : he whole gun crew kill and he not a mark on he . soon as he go up the mizzen mast warley fall . and whose watch be it when we lose we wind ? hollom see they look at he . 170 . the scuttlebutt , ship' waist - day a marine sentry , trollope , stand guard by the ship 's water - barrel - the level be very low . stephen ladle some water into a phial . trollope one glass per man , sir , Captain 's order . stephen straighten , irritate by the challenge . stephen a mere thimbleful , corporal , for scientific purpose only . 171 . stephen be cabin - day in the gloom of he cabin , stephen angle the mirror of he brass microscope toward the window , and place a slide contain a droplet of water under the lens . 172 . mainmast - top - day jack climb into the top . he adjust he telescope , study the horizon . 173 . jack telescope p.o.v. he pan across the empty sea . 174 . stephen' microscope p.o.v. a assortment of mobile , transparent micro-organisms rotate wildly . stephen ( o.s. ) my God , padeen , a veritable zoo . padeen take a look , amaze then greatly amused . 175 . the great cabin - night chart be spread all over the table , stephen poring over they when Jack come in [ ] stephen show I where this doldrum lie ? jack join he . jack Stephen . will we never make a sailor of you ? the doldrum be a condition , not a region . but you tend to strike ' they here ... ( point ) ... between the trade , and the sou 'easterly . I hope the acheron be have it as bad as we be . stephen consider they current position on the chart , the tiny galapagos Islands to the north and the vast emptiness to the west of they . stephen assume he be head for the galapagos , and not some other point in all this vastness ? jack come . I would have think you would be delighted to go there . it be say to be a natural paradise stephen in truth I would be delighted with the merest guano stain rock provide it do not sway beneath my foot jack well , we will take on food and water once we be there , and as compensation for not have put ashore in Brazil I pledge that during that time , several day at least , you can wander at will , catch bug and beetle to you heart 's delight . you will be the first naturalist to set foot on the island . that be my solemn promise stephen I accept , provide the man have not mutiny and throw we all overboard before we get there . jack mutiny ? no . they be already count they share of the prize money . stephen another week of this and they shall gladly give it up for a glass of clean water . jack ach , Stephen . Stephen . pray stop you bellyach . we shall have rain presently , and if not we shall damned well tow ourselves out of this . 176 . jolly boat - day disgruntle , under - sleep man , in boat towing the ship . nagel and davie look back darkly at hollom who sit in the stern . hollom stroke . stroke ... davie ( whisper ) I hear he be on the Fair marion as founder off tresco . and he be on the Zephyrus what explode at trafalgar . hollom have hear this , as davie intend , but he look away choose to ignore they . 177 . fighting top - day a view from above of man towing the ship . over this a unpleasant scraping sound - chalk on slate . bonden m-a-s-t ... mast stephen be write word on a slate then offer they to bonden whom he be teach to read . bonden ( cont 'd ) s-u-n... sun stephen nod and scratch another word on the board . as bonden struggle to decipher it there 's the sound of a musket shot and a seabird fall out of the sky . howard , the captain of marine , reload he smoking musket laugh aloud . stephen be that man completely mad ? ( shout down ) Mr. Howard , a petrel be not good eat ! howard look up towards they , a broad smile on he red moon of a face . howard be you never a man for sport , Doctor ? why you could shoot all day in this water with two man load ! 178 . gun -deck - day the midshipmen and powder - monkey have assemble for weapon practise , armed with cutlass . calamy and williamson divide the group into two team , choose side as for school - yard football . calamy blakeney ... williamson Rye ... calamy Swift ... williamson boyle ... calamy ( the final choice ) all right , come on addison . Little addison join calamy 's side , trail he too- large sword . williamson toss a coin . calamy ( cont 'd ) head . williamson it 's tail . we attack . calamy 's side retire to a defensive position make of tar barrel at one end of the deck . from here they be suddenly aware of Jack idly watch they mock - fight from the quarter - deck williamson 's team give a yell and charge at they . it 's serious fight . head be strike , finger be rapped . blakeney , try gamely with he leave arm but frustrated by he own ineptitude , go down under the rush of attacker . blakeney ow ow ow ! williamson yield . calamy let go of he . williamson yield !! calamy can not drag the bigger boy off . he whip a pistol out of he belt and fire it at williamson 's head . williamson be blast sideways , clutching he face and yell in pain . the other boy separate , horrify . calamy it 's just powder . there be not a ball in it , just powder . he help blakeney to he foot . calamy ( cont 'd ) be you all right ? blakeney no . angrily shaking free of he , he look to where Jack stand , but the captain be no longer watch . calamy what 's wrong ? I save you . blakeney I do not need to be save . 179 . on deck - day tar bubbling under the heat of the sun . cannon fizzing and steaming as they be wash . there 's be a change of crew in the long -boat , and hollom and he man be now back on board . nagel be approach from one end of the narrow gang - way , hollom from the other . nagel push past , deliberately bump hollom , who stumble , clutching for the gunwale . 180 . quarterdeck - day jack see this outrageous act of indiscipline and yell out - jack master at arm ! take that man below and clap he in iron . Mr. pulling , defaulter at six bell . 181 . the great cabin , doldrum - day jack stand behind he desk , brow like thunder . from outside the sound of the muster . hollom stand in front of he , twist he hat between he hand . jack the man push past you without make he obedience . and yet you say nothing . hollom no , Sir , I intend to but the right word just do not ... jack ' the right word ' ? he fail to salute you . it 's deliberate insubordination . hollom look at the floor , mumble - hollom they do not like I , Sir . jack they what ? speak up , man ! hollom raise he head and look at jack , he eye shiny with tear and when he open he mouth the word tumble out in a rush . hollom I have try to get to know the man a bit , Sir , be friendly like , but they have take a set against I . always whisper when I go past , give I look . but , I will set that to rights , be tougher on they from now on . jack you can not make ' friend ' with the foremast jack , they will despise you in the end . nor do you need be a tyrant . it 's leadership they want , strength , respect . hollom I be very sorry , Sir . jack you be what twenty - three , twenty - four ? hollom ( smile weakly ) twenty - five next Friday . jack you have fail to pass for lieutenant twice . you can not spend the rest of you life as a midshipman . hollom I will try harder , sir. killick help jack on with he full - dress uniform . jack well , it 's a unfortunate business , hollom . damned unfortunate . killick seem to endorse this by place the captain 's hat emphatically on jack 's head . Jack turn and stride out of the cabin , hollom follow slowly after he . 182 . quarterdeck , doldrum - day the entire crew have be mustere . the uniform officer line the quarterdeck as jack read from the articles of War . jack ' article thirty - six . all other crime not capital , commit by any person or person in the fleet ... shall be punish accord to the law , and custom , of the sea . ' ( then , to nagel ) Mr. nagel , you be a old man-of - war 's man and yet you fail to salute a officer . you know what you be do . have you anything to say in you defence ? nagel look at the deck . nagel no , sir. jack have he officer anything to say for he ? davie and killick scowl across the deck at hollom , who look wretch but say nothing . jack ( cont 'd ) seize he up . nagel be spread -eagle to the grate , he hand tie . hollar seize up , sir. jack one dozen . bosun 's mate , do you duty . the mate take the leather cat -o- nine tail out of its red bag . fade to black fade up on - 183 . the great cabin - dusk jack stand alone , tuning he fiddle . no matter how much he turn the peg the top string always sound flat . he tune some more and break it . jack Red hell ... 184 . quarterdeck - dusk jack ( o.s. ) ... and bloody death ! every word be plainly audible to the man on watch , who pretend to hear nothing . 185 . the great cabin - dusk jack be fitting a new string . wide to reveal stephen sit opposite with he cello . stephen I be merely remark that you have always pride yourself on not be a flog captain and this ... jack I be not a " flog captain " . I have not once rig the grate on this voyage , not once in twelve thousand mile . besides , I wager you will find a deal more brutality on land . tighten the new string . the note escalate as he turn . stephen I be not a party to it on land . jack well you be party to it on my ship . Men must be govern . often not wisely I grant you , but there be hierarchy even in nature , as you have often say yourself . stephen Hierarchies . that be the excuse of every tyrant in history . of nero . of boneparte . jack ( try to call a halt ) yes . Fine word I be sure stephen ( continue regardless ) ... we be not animal and I for one be oppose to authority , that egg of misery and oppression .. jack very fine word Stephen , but in this current circumstance , hard - work and firm discipline be what keep we little wooden world together . stephen and grog I suppose . jack of course . what of it ? of course they have they grog ! stephen ( sit ) ( cont 'd ) you know nagel be drunk when he insulted hollom . and higgins be never sober . even the midshipmen ... jack the man will have they grog Stephen . it be part of the immemorial tradition of the service stephen well a shameful tradition it be too . to have they press from they home , keep in a permanent state of dull inebriation . jack Stephen ... stephen ... confine for month in a wooden prison , never more than a few hour sleep and flogge when drunken idleness drive they to .... jack ( forcefully ) ... Stephen ! I warn you that friend or no I will not have you talk of the service like that . stephen I be state plain fact jack ( finally explode ) well I will not hear they ! from you or anyone . you understand ! thing be as they be for good or bad whether or not they have a place in you damned papist philosophy . if you be here to make music then sit down and play . if not be go , for you have come to the wrong shop for anarchy ! in stony silence Stephen put down he cello bow and leave past killick , who be lurking as always by the door . 186 . scuttlebutt - dusk something disturb the dark surface of the water as hollom dip the ladle and fill he cup . a sense of someone move up behind he . hollom turn abruptly . it 's the marine sentry , move in the shadow . he stare at hollom as he back away toward the ladder and hurry below . 187 . berth deck - dusk to reach he quarter he be oblige to walk the length of the berth deck , past howard obsessively clean he pistol , another man whittling with a knife , davie add another link in the tattooe chain about beckett 's middle . no- one speak as hollom run the gauntlet of they stare , acutely aware of he own breathe . it now seem universally to be hold that he be the author of all the ship 's misfortune . nagle pointedly turn he back , the scar from the flog gleam wetly in the lamplight hollom 's breath quicken . he stumble on someone 's dunnage , almost trip but be catch before he fall . it 's one of nagel 's mate . nagel 's mate careful , sir . 188 . midshipman' berth - dusk hollom come in , wild - eye and go to he berth , breathe hard . calamy , blakeney &amp ; boyle look up from a tense game of card . blakeney be you all right , hollom ? hollom shake he head miserably , hyperventilate . calamy he 's not sick . he 's useless . he 's just dodging work . blakeney ( angrily ) oh shut up calamay . what do you know about anything ? calamy glare at blakeney . 189 . int stephen be room - dusk a shot from the deck above . stephen look up from he book " Di consolazione philosophae " . then the sound of bare foot approach , follow by a knock at the door . its Joe plaice , look agitate . plaice beg you pardon , you honour , but Mr. Howard just shot a sea-monster ! 190 . gangway - dusk stephen and plaice stride along to where the marine captain , howard , peer down into the water with one of he man . howard Doctor ! the very man . stephen move to the rail , look out . howard ( cont 'd ) [ ] I wish you would see it for yourself , Doctor . the crew never see anything like it . on the glassy sea , a smudge of blood and some ripple howard ( cont 'd ) it be prodigious like a human , though bigger , might have be a sea-elephant , it have a calf with it - I do not mean to hit the calf , I miss my mark . stephen Mr. Howard , let I beg you , if the man can not eat it or I can not dissect it , please do not shoot every creature you see . stephen stare back down at the ripple spread over the glassy sea . 191 . the surprise - night Wide , on the troubled ship , small yellow patch of light visible from the gun-port . 192 . below deck - night the man be lie in they hammock when , from somewhere outside , there come a ungodly howling . it stop , then come again , exactly human in its pitch . the crew look at one another . this be like no sound they have ever hear . the howling stop then come again , from another direction . 193 . the great cabin , exterior - night killick and black billy listen . killick what do I tell you ? the ship 's accurse . 194 . quarterdeck - night jack come up from below . jack what be that abominable noise , for God 's sake ? pulling I have no idea , Sir . mowett you do not think it 's the acheron , Sir ? jack ( untypically cut ) the enemy can not come on we without a wind , Mr. mowett . he look about at the terrify face of the crew . the wail sound now rise to a shriek , as stephen join the group . jack ( cont 'd ) what do you make of it , Doctor ? stephen I be sure I have never hear the like . the crew overhear this and pass it among themselves as another anguish howl fill the night . stephen ( cont 'd ) perhaps it 's the mother of the creature Mr. Howard shot . jack [ ] creature ? stephen [ ] a manatee . a sea-elephant possibly . though I have never know one with a cry like this . a glance along at howard on the gangway , as terrify as anyone . jack bosun . Fire off some flare . 195 . wide on the ship - night Three flare soar and burst with a ghostly glow , make a pool of blue light around the ship , the sound continue to echo and re-echo from somewhere beyond . 196 . quarterdeck - night the light illuminate the half - hour glass , its top-half empty of sand . like everyone else , the duty sergeant stand freeze to the spot . Jack round on he . jack sergeant , what the devil be you think of ? turn the glass and strike the bell . rouse , the duty sergeant turn the glass and time resume its flow . two bell be hesitantly rung and the crew regain the power of motion , they limb still spastic with fear . and when the sound come once more they all freeze . jack join mowett at the taffrail . the thing be somewhere out there , whatever it be . mowett perhaps some poor shipwreck ? he shout , a slight nervous catch to he voice . mowett ( cont 'd ) ahoy ! be anyone there ? part of he know it 's crazy and of course there 's no reply . the sound constantly shifting position , now in the water , now in the sky . jack turn to see a white face , frighteningly close to he own . it 's padeen , mouth agape , face unnaturally white , stare into the gloom as though draw to whatever horror lie out there . jack padeen . what be you do on the quarterdeck ? he look down at the press of man who have gather at the bottom of the ladder , some with weapon . jack ( cont 'd ) below ! all of you man below ! ( to mowett ) tell the bosun that off-duty may sleep with they lamp on . 197 . lower deck - night several crewmen huddle close together they face light by a battle -lantern . Joe plaice grim . doudle wide -ey . higgins with he alcoholic tremor more pronounce than ever . black bill duppy make that noise . killick ( indicate bill ) see . they know all about this in Africa . doudle what 's a duppie ? black bill that warley . swallow by a fish . Spirit can not get out . him duppie now . slade Captain do not even know what that noise be . General nod of agreement . doudle Doctor neither , and he know everything . killick Joe here 's get the most experience in this matter , and new brain to boot , let 's hear it from Joe . all eye on joe plaice . he speak from the shadow . plaice it 's the jonah cause it . that howling thing be a signal to the phantom - ship . he 's call it up , do not you see ? every time he 's on watch the ship appear . you wait and see , the ghost - ship will appear any time tonight , and take we all straight to the hot-place . another shriek , closer now , seem to confirm joe 's bizarre theory . 198 . midshipmen' berth - night the boy sit together . none of they look at hollom , who sit pale and wretch in a corner of the room , clutching he stomach . 199 . stephen be cabin - night as the howling continue , stephen look through a number of book on sea-creature search for a reference to what they be experience . as jack look over he shoulder , he eye be catch by a picture in one of stephen 's book . he pick it up . Close on the picture - it 's a engrave of a giant squid , its tentacles wrap around a ship . back on jack hold the picture up to stephen . jack you do not think ...? there be a knock on the cabin door and blakeney enter , agitate . blakeney ( to stephen ) it 's Mr. hollom , sir , you better come quick . 200 . midshipmen' berth hollom writhe in agony on the floor , stephen try to calm he , shouting for assistance from the midshipmen and then from padeen . stephen Mr hollom . Sir . try to contain yourself . hold he head . Mr hollom . padeen 201 . stephen be cabin - night . Stephen be write some case note in he journal , when Jack put he head around the door . stephen Pov : the lamp , lighting he face from below and to one side , give a strange lopsided twist to jack smile jack well ? stephen there 's nothing physically wrong with he . he think he 's be curse by the umen . jack then he probably have be . sailor will abide a great deal , but never a jonah . it 's like a white crow - the other peck it to death . stephen a ' jonah ' ? my God , you believe it too . jack I desire to save you the trouble of look for a cure . no doubt it will all be sort by the morning . 202 forecastle , later - night blakeney stand near the bow peer out into the night . a figure approach from behind and lay a hand in he shoulder . blakeney nearly jump out of he skin . blakeney Mr. hollom ! you give I such a start . be you better now ? hollom 's breathe do indeed seem easier . hollom much better , thank you . blakeney I think the creature be go away . hollom I be sure of it . he reach down , pick up a 12 pound cannonball . hollom ( cont 'd ) you have always be very kind to I . Goodbye , blakeney . with a sudden movement he 's on the gunwale , then he jump over the side the cannonball in he arm . blakeney look down with shock to see hollom 's pale face recede from he into the depth . it 's a moment before he gather he wit to shout - blakeney man overboard ! 203 . quarterdeck - dawn the ship 's company be mustere on deck . jack stand at the sword rack lectern . killick hand he a Bible open at the story of jonah . jack look , then hand it back to killick . jack the fact be , [ ] not all of we become the man we once hope we might be . but we be all God 's creature . if some of we think ill of Mr. hollom , or speak ill of he , or fail he in respect of fellowship , then we ask you forgiveness , Lord , and we ask for he . Close on the face of the crew - killick , higgins , nagel , calamy , blakeney and finally Stephen who be stare oddly at Jack , as though hold he partly responsible for this latest tragedy . jack ( cont 'd ) amen . crew ( mumble ashamedly ) amen . the man on deck remain stand , head bow , observe a minute 's silence , as the sky begin to pale , and the white disc of the sun appear above they . faster doudle be the first to look up , follow by other - the terrible sound have go and a small puff of wind be stir the mainsail . 204 . hour glass the sand run out of the half - hour glass . bonden Strike eight bell . quartermaster ( to the marine sentry ) turn the glass and strike the bell . the glass be invert . the bell toll . 205 . surprise at sea - day the ship move through a tropical squall . Men rig a sail to catch the water , other appear with barrel and tub , anything to catch the precious rain . dissolve to - 206 . the surprise - day Sea bird swarm over a shoal of fish in the foreground as the cry of the distant lookout carry faintly across the sea . lookout ( o.s. ) land-ho ! 207 . gangway - day blakeney run along the gangway , past stephen , en route to the quarterdeck . blakeney give you joy , sir ! we have raise the galapagos ! 208 . montage of telescope view , galapagos - day there 's a primeval quality to the landscape , a feel of a world just bear . the wild creature that inhabit the lava flow and coral beach confirm this - the giant tortoise , iguanas , sea-lion and penguin , a teeming profusion of exotic animal and plant . 209 . quarterdeck / forecastle / top - day the ship fairly bristle with telescope . 210 . forecastle a small group of familiar face share a pocket telescope . higgins ( look ) can not see any wimmun . just lot of duck and lizard . doudle take the telescope . doudle wot ? there must be wimmun . t'ai not natural . 211 . quarterdeck stephen and blakeney side by side . from both they face we sense they wonder at see this remarkable creature for the first time . stephen how extraordinary . blakeney what , sir ? stephen that bird ! he 's look at a group of unremarkable black seabird waddling about on a rock , flap short , stumpy wing . stephen ( cont 'd ) a species of cormorant . but apparently flightless , by all that 's Holy . I believe that be unknown to science . blakeney dwell briefly on the strange rock -climbing bird then drift back to the iguanas . blakeney the dragon do not seem to bother them . stephen they be a type of iguana I should think , and therefore vegetarian . his telescope remain focuss on the cormorant . blakeney be wholly absorb in the iguanas . blakeney will you catch one ? stephen yes . most certainly . and if we can , some egg . blakeney I mean the great lizard . stephen oh ! recognize how superficially dull the bird be to blakeney 's untutor eye , by contrast with giant lizard . stephen ( cont 'd ) I should think a pair of they . then you can present one of they offspring to the king . bonden ha ! there 's one go for a swim . stephen no. iguanas be land animal . bonden not this one . the prehistoric-looking creature , as if suddenly awaken , begin diving into the water . stephen ( o.s. ) by jove bonden you be right ! two new species in as many minute . he break off , suddenly aware of a shout exchange between the lookout and the quarterdeck . stephen ( cont 'd ) what be all that confound bellow ? jack all hand about ship ! blakeney dash off and stephen be elbow out of the way by hand rush to get at the sail . nehemiah slade by you leave sir , by you leave . hollar ( distant ) helm a'lee - off tack and sheet - mainsail haul ! as the ship turn a distant whaleboat appear with six man aboard , pull out from one of the neighbor island . 212 . in the lee of the ship' hull ( time - lapse ) - day the whaleboat have come alongside . Men swarm down the board net and the whaler be help aboard , hoarse and exhaust from row and shouting . hogg God bless you . thank you , shipmate . 213 . quarterdeck - later , day hogg , the senior whaler , sit with he mate , relate he story to jack and the officer . hogg we be come back for fresh line , hide in that inlet , yonder . Black - three master . bit beamy and raise in the stern . meaningful look among Jack and he man . its definitely the acheron he 's describe [ ] hogg meanwhile take a pint mug of water , gulp it down , and pass it back to blakeney for a refill . hogg ( cont 'd ) hundre thousand pound of good whale oil they steal . then the bastard ... allen ( cuff he ) no swear on the quarterdeck . jack ( wave allen away ) go on . hogg ... then they burnt we bloody ship and head off , bunch of fugging pirate . look pointedly at Allen [ ] jack and she course ? hogg maybe a point south of west . follow the rest of the whaling fleet . jack ( rise ) Mr. mowett , this man to be enter on the ship 's book . Mr. Allen , lay a course west sou 'west . as allen hurry away shouting order - pulling should we not take on fresh supplies , Sir ? that tortoise ... jack ( overlap , impatient ) there 's not a moment to lose , Mr. pulling . he leave the quarterdeck and go below , stephen follow . 214 . in the great cabin jack have take he jacket off and be already unfurl he chart . stephen hurry in . stephen have you forget you promise ? jack ( not look up ) subject to the requirement of the service , Stephen . I could not in all conscience delay for the sake of a iguano or a ... giant peccary - interesting no doubt , but of no immediate application . stephen ( overlap ) how can you dismiss , out of hand , the bounty of nature ? knowledge that ... that will help to progress ... jack ( overlap ) I can see nothing on shore that will progress we mission . stephen ( overlap ) but how can we possibly know what lie [ ] on this island , perhaps some knowledge that may save life , that ... jack ( overlap ) I will tell you how to save life Stephen . inform I how to guide this ship , undetected , under the nose of a 40 gun frigate . that be the job in hand sir . stephen swallow he indignation and try for a compromise . stephen well perhaps there 's a opportunity to serve both we objective . as I understand it you mean to go round the end of this long island , then start you voyage . I could walk across it , be on the other side long before ... jack shake he head . stephen ( cont 'd ) I would walk briskly , pause only for important measurement and almost certainly make valuable discovery ... jack ( interrupt ) if wind and tide have be against we I should have say yes . they be not and I be oblige to say no . ( with finality ) no . stephen be livid . betray . stephen I see . so after all this time in you service I must simply be content to form part of this belligerent expedition , hurry past inestimable wonder , bent solely on destruction ... jack ... you forget yourself , sir . stephen no Jack , you have forget you self . you once believe in the rights of each individual man no matter how useless or lowly . but it seem to I now that the long exercise of power have bring you to the point where even a solemn promise ... jack the promise be conditional . stephen ...a promise to a friend of ten year stand who have stand by you and support you .... jack ( overlap ) I command a King 's ship , not a private yacht ... stephen ... across half the world ocean often at risk to he own life jack ... and we have no time for you damned hobby , sir ! " hobby " . so that be jack 's honest view of stephen 's lifetime of work in science . he bow slightly , then leave . 215 quarterdeck - dusk stephen stand alone at the taffrail watch as the island recede in the distance . News of the violent argument have spread and there be many a sympathetic glance , which further humiliate stephen . blakeney approach he carry something carefully in the palm of he hand . blakeney Sir , I find a curious beetle walk on the deck . he open he hand - close , on a very plain little brown beetle . blakeney ( cont 'd ) I think it 's a galapagos beetle , sir . stephen I be sure of it . blakeney be you to have walk all day on the island , you might never have come across it . stephen that be more than likely , sure . blakeney pass it to stephen . blakeney you can have it . stephen thank you , Mr. blakeney . blakeney hover for a moment , unsure of further conversation , then retreat . 216 in the great cabin - night jack sit alone at the table . killick enter with toast cheese for two . killick no music ? that 's a shame he set down the toast cheese . killick ( cont 'd ) I will just leave the one plate then , if himself will not be join . jack yes , killick . just the one . jack cut himself a portion , scowling at stephen 's cello which seem to watch he reproachfully as he eat . 217 . stephen be cabin - night stephen take a dropper , carefully measure twenty drop of laudanum to a glass of water , and drink . 218 . lookout - day the lookout lean out from the cross-tree . doudle ( shouting ) on deck there . object fine on the starboard bow . 219 . the ship lying stationary - day a barrel be be lift aboard from the skiff and pass up the side of the ship . 220 . in the waist of the ship jack come down , accompany by allen , the acknowledge expert in this matter . other gather round , include hogg the whaler , inspect the stencill marking . allen martha 's vineyard . hogg no , this here 's from Boston . I be marry there once . allen any road , it 's a yankee barrel . hogg what they call a bedford hog in New England . mowett ( to jack ) the acheron touch at Boston . hogg and it 's not be in the water more than a week . allen one can not say with any accuracy but ... hogg yes you can . there 's no sea chummer on it , and the dowel be sound . 221 . on the quarterdeck - day jack return to he post . jack continue due west , Mr. bonden . tom pulling watch he . there have be a change amongst the officer and crew toward jack . his relentless drive after the acheron have reach the point of obsession , a obsession not share by he exhaust man . he be a lonely , haunt figure as he now step up on the gunwale , one hand on the ratline , scan the empty sea , sense he enemy be out there , just beyond the curve of the earth . dissolve to - 222 . ladder ( time lapse ) - day a wild wind hum through the rigging as stephen go topside . 223 . forecastle - day he find various hand make the boat secure . plaice have you see the bird , doctor ? stephen I have not - no bird this many day . what kind of a bird ? plaice a sort of albatross I believe , or perhaps a prodigious great meew . he have be follow the ship since ... there he be , crossing we wake ! 224 . on the gangway - day stephen run along the gangway to get a clearer view , check himself when he see jack on the quarterdeck . they eye meet . the quarterdeck be jack 's domain now , and stephen avoid it . then , behind jack , the great bird suddenly appear . it 's huge , with at least a fourteen foot wing - span , and fly very close to the ship , drift and soar on the gust wind , appear and disappear between the sail . stephen be mesmerize by it . he let go of the rail , lean forward to get a better view . at the same time across from stephen on the opposite gangway , howard and two or three marine open fire on the bird . the bird drop low , fly right by stephen . again a crackle of gunfire , but the bird be apparently uninjured , and it bank away , skim the surface of the water . stephen sag to the deck . a shout . people run . blood spread across the white of he shirt . howard there by he side . howard my God , man ! I be so sorry . the bird drop low . I do not see you there ! jack be there , shouting - jack calamy ! get higgins ! ( then turn to bonden ) padeen , Davies , carry the Doctor below . stephen get slowly up , hand reach to help he , howard in the background distraught , explain to anyone who will listen what happen . stephen it 's all right , I be quite capable of walk . he try to stand , crumple . 225 . stephen 's cabin - day higgins press clumsily around the wound as stephen lie on the bed , he abdomen rigid , he breathe labour . jack watch from the door . stephen you will just make it worse ... by prodding , Mr. higgins , it can not be get at ... except by open I up . a violent pitching of the ship make it obvious how impossible this will be under sail . as stephen lapse into unconsciousness , higgins look alarmed , approach jack . higgins ( a whisper ) the bullet take a piece of shirt in with it . unless it be remove it will suppurate and fester . jack be you equal to the task ? higgins I will need to read up on the Doctor 's book , like . Study some picture he have , get my bearing . be better on land , but I will manage somehow . jack look away from the alcoholic higgins back to stephen . 226 . outside the cabin jack pass a anxious crowd of the ship 's company : blakeney , joe plaice , killick and howard . jack you man get about you business . there be dark look in jack 's direction as he retreat to he cabin . 227 . the great cabin - day jack throw a chart on the table . with he protractor he march out great stride west into the Pacific from the galapagos Islands and mark the ship 's position - they be maybe a hundred mile from the galapagos , ahead , open sea until the marquesas . 228 . int . stephen be cabin - dusk lying on he bed , in some pain , stephen hear thudding foot , shout order . in he weaken state , the sound tend to merge . his pitching cabin keep swim out of focus . there 's a knock on the door and jemmy duck appear with a mug of soup and some biscuit . jemmy duck ... sail on the horizon , sir . Hull down , run west . it may be a couple of day before we can catch she . stephen nod , all he want be quiet . jemmy duck retreat , as stephen swig from a little bottle of laudanum , which for a moment bring peace , effectively block out the noise from above . a smile to padeen , like a farewell , and he close he eye . 229 . forecastle - dusk jack , telescope to he eye , study the distant ship as pulling jump down from the ratline to the deck . pulling it might be the acheron . if we put on more sail we would come up with she before nightfall . jack lower the telescope , turn he back on pulling , strangely abstract . pulling ( cont 'd ) ( to he back ) do you wish I to set the topgallant ? ( no reply ) Sir ? a long silence . then jack walk away . pulling stare perplex from jack 's retreate figure to the distant chase . dissolve to - 230 . interior stephen' cabin - dawn early morning light on the interior of the cabin . padeen be asleep , hold a Bible , in the doctor 's chair . stephen himself lie motionless with he eye close and he mouth open , no colour in he face . the sea be relatively calm . from outside the sound of the bosun 's order , over rattling block and pulley . hollar ( o.s. ) ... clap on now ! every rope a end ... jolly - boat away ... slowly , Jenks ! you grass - comb lubber ! mowett come in , see stephen , and take he for dead . mowett ( shout outside ) Davies ! slade ! two big man come in behind he . padeen wake , confuse and push they away , move protectively to the doctor 's side . the commotion disturb stephen . his eye open . like a dead man just come back to life . mowett ( cont 'd ) Doctor . you be still with we . can we move you onto a stretcher ? stephen swallow uncomfortably and try to make sense of thing . 231 . a galapagos island - day a giant iguana watch as a small procession trudge up the stony beach . at its head , stephen be carry in a litter up to where a tent have be set up above the high - water mark . his p.o.v. as jack appear in the blue sky above he . stephen tell I this be not on my account ? jack ( dead pan ) no . it be because of higgins . ( beat ) can not have he poke around in you belly without a solid platform to work on . he duck as they enter - 232 . the hospital tent - day in the creamy light , they lay stephen down on a recently - construct wooden operate table . higgins squat on the ground , rummage through various large sharp surgical instrument which he have emptied onto a piece of hessian . jack all set , higgins ? stephen grab jack 's sleeve . stephen not higgins . I do this with my own hand . Jack frown , unsure what he mean by this . ext . the tent - night padeen stand , arm cross at the close tent - flap , keep at bay a crowd of well - wisher , and the merely curious . int . the tent - night stephen sit pale and sweaty , propped up on a series of chest , he back against a coil of rope . in front of he , suspend by pulley , lamb and nagel have set up a large gilt -frame mirror . beside he , on a white tablecloth , some small scissors and scalpel . stephen ( to Jack ) [ ] you be sure you have a head and a stomach for this kind of thing ? jack ( smile ) my dear Doctor , I have see blood and wound since I be a little boy . stephen then hold my belly , press firmly when I give the word . stephen begin first with the knife , then the probe - the grind of metal on live bone . stephen ( cont 'd ) you will have to raise the rib , higgins . take a good grip with the square retractor . up. harder , harder . ( to himself ) snip the cartilage . the metallic clash of instrument , perpetual swabbing . stephen ( cont 'd ) now , Jack , a steady downward pressure . good . keep it so . give I the davier . swab , higgins . Press , Jack , press . jack close he eye . stephen draw in he breath , arch he back , and it 's do . stephen ( cont 'd ) there she be . he pull out the bullet , and with it , a fragment of he shirt . stephen ( cont 'd ) be that all of it ? the bloody piece of shirt be hand to higgins who match it to the hole in stephen 's old shirt . higgins aye , she will patch up nicely , sir . stephen easy away , Jack . handsomely with the retractor . higgins , look to the Captain , while I swab . higgins help jack into a chair , press he head down between he knee . after a moment , and a few deep breath , jack look up . stephen smile at he . a hint of surly triumph . fade to black fade up on - 235 . stephen be tent - day through a gap in the door of he tent stephen can see the distant ship at anchor . repair be underway , gun be unload , store and fresh water be ferried aboard . blakeney come in , follow by padeen with a some numbered box hang round he neck . stephen my goodness , what be this ? blakeney start roll up the side of the tent as padeen unload he box , each with a beetle and a piece of vegetation in it . blakeney well sir , padeen and I have be do some collect for you . the beetle each come with a specimen of plant they be find on . ooops . catch he , padeen ! there he go . he finish roll up the tent side to reveal a collection of cage , with native wildfowl in they , be feed by the poulterer , jemmy duck . blakeney ( cont 'd ) the bird be snare by jemmy duck . Captain say we can keep they in the chicken coop . then , produce a notebook - blakeney ( cont 'd ) and I make a few note if you want to see they . stephen flip the page : no 22 . large square black beetle with pincer . found under rock . eat earthworm . stephen ' pon my word you have the making of a true naturalist . blakeney be flatter but unsure . blakeney well sir , perhaps I could combine they , and be a kind of Fighting - naturalist , like yourself ? [ ] Stephen smile at this description as he lever himself into a sit position . stephen shall we take a tour of you aviary ? blakeney look doubtfully at the doctor 's bandage abdomen . blakeney should you really be up ? stephen yes. padeen ! padeen put the escape beetle in he mouth for safe keep and offer stephen a hand . stephen pull himself painfully to he foot and start buttone he shirt . stephen ( cont 'd ) ( to blakeney ) how long do the Captain intend that we stay here , do you know ? on the beach - day jack be watch that of the crew not on duty play cricket on the shore , with a canvas ball and stump make of driftwood . jack oh , a week perhaps . there be no great hurry . stephen but surely , we must make haste for the marquesas ? jack it may not have be the acheron that we sighted . nor can we be sure of she destination . ( look away ) no , I think we shall go home now , before peace break out with France , God forbid . he 's make light of what have be a huge and far-reach decision . stephen but how will it sit with the admiralty ? to have spend six month in a fruitless pursuit and then come home empty-hand ? jack " empty-hand " ? not a bit of it . what about this plant and animal which blakeney have be collect ? the british museum will need a entire new wing for them . stephen regards he gravely , shaking he head . stephen I fear , Jack , you have burden I with a debt I can never repay . he be absolutely sincere about this , to jack 's great embarrassment . jack tosh . name a shrub after I . something prickly and hard to eradicate . stephen a shrub ? I shall name a giant tortoise : testudo aubreii! 237 . surprise camp - dawn stephen , blakeney and padeen leave the camp on stephen 's first day of exploration . they be armed with net , basket and a day 's supply of food and water . stephen walk slightly stoop , lean on a walk stick . 238 . countryside - day a strange and wonderful landscape lie before they , with its organically - shape lava flow and alien-look flora and fauna . everywhere stephen look there be creature unique to the island . he be in he element , collect specimen which padeen carefully store in the basket . blakeney have he telescope train on some distant hump . blakeney Doctor , would you think it very unscientific of I to ride on the back of one of that tortoise . stephen no , Mr. blakeney . I would think it a experiment of absolutely vital importance . but afterwards , I do desire to find that flightless cormorant , assume that be what it be , and that I still have strength enough to catch it . 239 . a valley - day blakeney get astride a giant tortoise and burn he bottom on its scorching hot shell . 240 . lava beds - day stephen with he telescope take note on bird -life . 241 . low scrub - day the huge , strangely balletic figure of padeen chase after a butterfly in evening light . 242 . a headland - day Wide to see another aspect of the countryside - a hint of distant sea , a rocky headland rise from the plain . the group be widely scattered . stephen at the base of the headland , blakeney half a mile further inland . padeen come up slowly behind , laden with the fruit of they expedition . 243 . base of the headland - day stephen rest a moment . some stone rattle down from the hillside . he look up to see a flash of black feather near the crest - the cormorant . on he shirt a red smudge have appear . his wound have begin to bleed again . ignoring this , Stephen push on after he quarry . 244 . the rocky slope near the top , stephen pause to catch he breath and glance above he . again the bird , move higher , as if lead he on . stephen get down on all four , crawl cautiously to the crest just above he . 245 . top of the headland a clear . there be movement in the bush . stephen slowly rise , climb the few pace to the hilltop and enter a clear . he search amongst the bush . nothing . he turn and look back down the hillside to see blakeney and padeen far below , then sit to get he breath back again . stephen' p.o.v : on the ground between he foot , a beetle . he pick it up . Close , on he hand . it be the same type of beetle blakeney give he aboard the surprise . smiling at the coincidence stephen raise the tiny creature to eye level . his p.o.v. : the beetle , the creature in sharp focus , behind it the sea , and on the sea , a black shape . the focus shift to the background - a ship at anchor in a bay . the beetle fly away as stephen stare out at the ship . it 's the acheron , and they be weigh anchor . 246 . countryside - dusk blakeney urging stephen to hurry as they make they way through the darken landscape . all kind of creature be appear around they , and every few yard stephen pause to examine something . blakeney Sir , you must hurry ! stephen a moment ! you be a worse tyrant than any ship 's captain . he 's breathe hard , exhaust . blakeney you must carry he , padeen ! padeen look at the collection of basket he carry . blakeney ( cont 'd ) leave they ! we must get back to the ship . stephen raise he hand in protest , but blakeney be already divest padeen of he load . 247 . countryside - last light padeen carry stephen ' piggy - back ' , blakeney out ahead urging they on . 247a the discarde collecting box a variety of small bug and animal crawl free 248 stephen be cabin - night stephen gingerly lower himself into he ' elbow - chair ' , grip the table and blakeney 's good arm for support . sigh , he begin empty he pocket of various small item collect during the day - some leave , rock and insect - and place they in order pile around he microscope . all about they can be hear the urgent sound of departure - the anchor rattling up , shout order and the drum of bare foot on the deck above . he hold up a stick in a specimen -jar , and be examine it with he magnify glass when jack enter . jack I forget to ask you - do you see you bird ? stephen 's eye grossly enlarge through the lens . stephen I do not . my great discovery be you phantom . jack indeed it be , I be sorry ... stephen ( wave the magnify glass ) not a bit of it . William and I make a unique discovery . handing jack the jar and magnify glass . stephen ( cont 'd ) tell he , Mr. blakeney . blakeney ( beam ) it 's a rare phasmid , Sir . jack inspect the stick . it wink at he . jack a phasmid ? blakeney it 's a insect disguise as a stick . jack stare at the creature . blakeney ( cont 'd ) in order to confuse a predator . jack look up at stephen . 249 . BAY , galapagos - night the surprise alive with crewmen on the deck and in the rigging . shout and command drift across the water as she turn and head out from the bay . 249a gangway - same time jack stride along the quarterdeck towards the forecastle issue a stream of order - jack Mr. hollar , rouse up all the yellow paint we have . I want six man with brushes sling over the side . ( move on ) doudle ! doudle yessir . jack hand he a piece of paper with a sketch on it . jack get you sail maker work on this . sixty yard by five yard with a eyelet every seven foot . doudle aye , sir. he shout to hogg who , with a few man , be manhandle a large metal cauldron from the ballast to the gun-deck . jack ( to hogg ) have nagel patch it up and light a fire in it . ( shout ) Mr. calamy ! calamy aye , sir. jack once we be underway , replace some of the sail with the oldest , most patch set we have . calamy they will be in the afterhold , sir. I will need some man to move all the clutter . jack good . spread it around the foredeck . the more mess the better . 249b . side of the ship , . night the ship power ahead as man swing in harness above the racing water , painting out the Nelson chequer . 249c . on deck . night nagel position the great cauldron amidship as man come up from below with old barrel and bit of rope . calamy haul away ! on the gangway , Men under calamy 's instruction haul on rope , pull up the old patch sail . the sail lead we up to 250 . crosstree - night jack , pulling and the whaler hogg scan the dark horizon . hogg there , sir. a mainmast toplight . jack have to use a telescope . jack you have get good eye , hogg . shout down to the helm - jack ( cont 'd ) Mr. bonden , set a course west - south - west . ( to pulling ) we will drop below the horizon and come up on the other side of he , let he think he 's see we first . 251 . surprise - dawn first light reveal the result of a overnight transformation - from a naval warship to a shambolic- look portuguese whaler . the gunwale be paint a untidy ochre and the gun-port hide behind broad strip of canvas . the sail be patch and rag , the forecastle cluttere with barrel . smoke billow from a cauldron amidship . on deck and in the rigging , there 's a quarter of the normal complement of man , all of they dress in purser 's slop . 252 . quarterdeck - dawn a bemuse stephen look about he as he approach jack . stephen I see . a wolf in sheep in sheep 's clothing jack a phasmid , doctor . it be you what give I the idea . stephen I be not sure a phasmid can be a predator . jack no ? well this one be . 253 . berth deck - dawn howard and he marine change out of they smart uniform , into the oldest most rag clothes on board the ship , much to the amusement of the pass sailor . crew men ad lib very fancy . Blue to match you eye . be there a skirt come with it ? 254 . gun -deck - dawn Men be check the breeching of the great gun and chipping cannonballs to make they more perfectly spherical , more deadly . the armourer be at he grindstone send out shower of spark , a group of seamen round he relaying one another at the crank , stack newly hone cutlass and board axe at they foot . another team check and load pistol by the score . 254 . midshipmen' quarter - dawn alone , blakeney awkwardly draw he dirk , left-handed from its scabbard . it glint momentarily in the lamp-light . calamy enter , face aglow , abruptly try to cover he joy when he see blakeney . blakeney [ ] it 's all right . permission to boast . you be to lead the border from the forecastle . congratulation . calamy thank you . blakeney you will make lieutenant out of this . the other come in . boyle he already have . ' acting ' 3rd Lieutenant Peter calamy . ooh and aah from all . blakeney [ ] then I will see you at the forecastle , ' Lieutenant ' . calamy that 's not you station . blakeney look from calamy to the other , who avoid he eye . blakeney but naturally I will board with you ? calamy I be sorry , will . Captain 's order . blakeney be devastate . Rye burst in , in a state of high excitement . rye she 's see we ! 256 . quarterdeck - dawn jack raise he glass , focus on the acheron , plainly visible in the distance , with a line of signal flag run up she backstay . mowett she 's ask we to heave to . shall I give the order ? jack no , make a show of flee upwind , but panicky and disorganize , like a whaler might do . Allen smile at this unintend slight jack ( cont 'd ) no offence , Mr. hogg . 257 . wide on the ship - day a show of chaos on deck as the surprise veer upwind , away from the acheron . as she present she stern we see she new name : Malacca . 258 . quarterdeck of the surprise - day through he telescope , jack look back at the acheron in pursuit , a dark figure on she foredeck . jack ( to mowett ) run up portuguese colour . ( then down to the gun - deck ) load , Mr. pulling . triple shot them . blakeney come onto the quarterdeck and salute , look flushed and angry . blakeney May I speak with you , sir. jack no salute , Mr. blakeney , we be whaler here . blakeney Mr. calamy say I be not in the board party , I want to say - jack ( interrupt ) I know what you want to say and my answer be no . I promise you mother I would return you in one piece and I have already fail she on that score . you will command a gun and then retire to defend the quarterdeck here with Dr. maturin . blakeney but sir - jack ( cut in ) go to you station , Mr. blakeney . blakeney begin to salute , do not , and retire , tear burn he eye . a moment later there 's a flash of orange astern as the acheron open up with she bow-chaser . a 18 pound shot scream past the side of the surprise to land with a column of spray just off they bow . jack ( cont 'd ) good shoot . remind I to press she bow gunner , Mr. pulling . the second ball take down some rigging . jack ( cont 'd ) start the water and throw some barrel overboard . he go below . 259 . waist - day barrel go overboard and pump spout stream of water over the side as jack run down to 260 . the gun-deck the great majority of man be gather here , more than a hundred of they cramme together with they musket and sabre , listen to the odd thump from topside as another ball from the acheron hit home . calamy and he gang of young tyke be squash in there somewhere , boyle , william , addison and the rest , eye shine with nervousness and wild anticipation , as jack address he man , who shout encouragement , ad lib , in every pause . jack ( plus the man ad lib ) we be a long way from home . ( right you be , Captain ! ) a long way from anywhere , ( too true ! ) but if Britain rule the wave she rule this wave too . ( right she do ! ) and the blow we shall deal for he majesty here will be feel just as keenly ( I will say it will ) aye - and cheer just as loudly ( 'specially by the wimmin ! ) - as any deal at trafalgar or cape St. Vincent . the camera move over the upturn face , plaice , nagel , doudle , killick , the midshipmen , the powder - monkey , the whole fellowship of the ship . and finally stephen watch jack do what he do best : transmit he own fearlessness into other man - the total warrior , the consummate leader . jack ( cont 'd ) I do not say it will be easy . she 's twice the man we have and they will sell they life dearly . but every man here be worth three of boney 's privateer , and I know there 's not a faint heart among you . calamy pipe up - calamy Three cheer for the Captain . men ( deafen ) huzzah huzzah huzzah ! on calamy , cheer like a kid at a football match as ... 261 . quarterdeck - day another well - place shot from the acheron smashes through the rigging , send down a shower of rope and cordage . jack be back at he station by the wheel , the acheron little more than a half a mile astern , the figure of the captain in he black coat clearly visible . jack study the loom black vessel , then turn and cross to bonden at the helm . bonden nod , lift he hand from the wheel as jack grip the curve timber decisively , take the strain . he feel the pulse of the ship through he finger , look up to the sail then back to the acheron . stephen appear beside he , casually smoking a cigar . he offer one to Jack , who decline [ ] another shot pierce the mizzen foresail above they , but neither man flinch . killick appear with two cup of coffee , and in he belt a brace of pistol . killick I take the liberty , Doctor . stephen [ ] thank you , killick . jack steer one - hand as he sip he coffee . jack Mr. mowett ? [ ] a poem might be in order . another shot through the sail . mowett a poem , Sir ? [ ] ( after a moment 's reflection ) ' oh be it mine with sacred maro 's art , to wake to sympathy the feel heart , a ball go howling past the ship , mowett wince . mowett ( cont 'd ) then might I , with unrivalled strain , deplore , th'impervious horror of a leeward shore . ' jack smile , nod . mowett ( cont 'd ) ' transfix with terror at th'approach doom ... ' jack what ! mowett ( apologetic ) ... they be only people of the merchant service , of -course , sir. 262 . p.o.v. acheron she 's now less than five hundred yard from they stern , and gain . 263 . quarterdeck jack turn back to mowett . jack we have she Mr. mowett . Strike the portuguese colour and run up the Jack ... Mr. pulling . canvas off the gun-port , and run them out . Mr. Howard ? Marines away aloft . the british Jack rise to the masthead replace the portuguese colour , as pulling descend to the gun-deck . 264 . ship' side - the black muzzle appear with a low rumbling sound , as 265 . quarterdeck jack , with a wink to mowett , yell at the top of he voice jack helm 's a lee ! .... and spin the wheel hard to starboard . 266 . the surprise Wide , to see she swinging broadside on , across the path of the oncoming acheron . 267 . Pov acheron day confused shout from the enemy 's deck , chaos on she forecastle , somewhere a drum beat . 268 + 269 . deleted 270 . the surprise quarterdeck - day jack hand the wheel to bonden . jack run we down she larboard side then cut across she wake ! ( shout down to the gun deck ) hold fire Mr pulling ! hold till we be broadside on ! 271 . - the surprise and the acheron Wide , to see the surprise turn downwind , back towards the acheron , so they will pass broadside to broadside [ ] no more than thirty yard apart . 272 . quarterdeck / gun -deck , surprise through a furious exchange of musket fire jack run down the ladder to the gun- deck - jack Fire as she bear ! every gun to concentrate on she mainmast ! through the gunport the acheron 's great hull become visible . some of the acheron 's gun have run out , but the crew be unprepare and disorganize . pulling on the uproll ! Fire for the mainmast as you sight she ! as the surprise roll and the upper deck of the acheron become visible . 273 . the surprise gun barking , leaping back one by one , great tongue of flame spitting from they barrel , dense cloud of smoke rise . 274 . view of the acheron with a almighty split sound they mainmast fall , drag yard and rigging with it , the whole mass fall over they side , obscure many of they gun-port . 275 . gundeck / quarterdeck , surprise - cheer from the crew . Jack yell up the companionway jack now Mr bonden ! hard a'starboard ! 276 . the surprise and the acheron the acheron wallow , buy to a standstill by the enormous drag weight of they mainmast . bonden wheel the ship across the enemy 's wake , past the expose , vulnerable stern . 277 . deleted 277a . gundeck , surprise jack Fire at will ! 278 . gun -deck , surprise in random sequence the surprise 's gunner pound it into the acheron 's stern . casement window vanish in a cloud of wood and glass , expose the acheron 's terrify gun -crew , now open to devastating fire as the surprise glide past . 279 . quarterdeck jack climb up on the gunwale , shouting to bonden - jack Lay I alongside ! 280 . the surprise and the acheron the bow of the surprise lurch into the acheron mid-ship , spar interlock , the surprise gun fire into she at point- blank range . the crew throw grapple hook . 281 .. quarterdeck jack boarder away ! and he leap to the enemy deck , a great tide of man follow after he . 282 . forecastle calamy lead he own child 's crusade from the bow and forecastle : youthful but terrifying , scream and swinging they blade . 283 . quarterdeck a agonize blakeney watch from where he stand beside stephen . joe plaice be close by with some of the older man , ready to ferry the wounded below . 284 . on the acheron as the surprise pour onto the quarterdeck they face wither fire from the enemy . a dozen man go down , some of they fatally wounded . among they be doudle , boyle , allen and horner in quick succession . the attack momentarily falter , and the acheron surge back at they . jack rally he man and they charge again - the marine , trollope , and nagel be blow backwards by grapeshot . lamb , enraged , surge past nagel 's body , swinging he axe to devastating effect , with hollar by he side and jemmy duck protect they rear , a pistol in each hand , fire from the hip . jack keep push onwards , the centre of the milling , swirl , hack crowd , stabbing and pistoll each other with barely room to fall . the acheron be gradually force back across they quarterdeck and down into the waist of the ship . 285 . waist of the acheron jack cross sword with a man in front of he , as a enemy pikeman drive he blade into he leave arm , tear through the sleeve . bonden fire a pistol by he ear , deafen jack and kill the pikeman . to either side , privateer be try to reach they , shouting , swear in English , french and Spanish . bullet and missile rain down from above , kill friend and foe alike . killick be in the thick of it , a pistol in either hand , and from he lip a high - pitch blood - curdle scream . awkward davie be foam at the mouth as he swing a meat - cleaver right and leave . 286 . quarterdeck , acheron a commander of the privateer note the poorly defend surprise , and lead a counter - attack over onto she quarterdeck . calamy look to we quarter - deck ! 287 . quarterdeck , surprise blakeney , dirk in hand , turn to face they , as do howard and he man , but they be gravely outnumber . 288 . forecastle , acheron calamy see the danger and lead he gang back onto the surprise , call for other to follow . calamy this way ! follow I ! 289 . quarterdeck , surprise stephen , padeen and joe plaice appear from below . stephen pick up a pistol and with deadly accuracy shoot a privateer lung at captain howard . the man drop , a neat hole in he forehead . a moment 's astonishment from howard at the Doctor 's surprising skill . calamy fight he way to blakeney who be down on he knee stabbing at the leg of the attacker . 290 . waist , acheron jack , bonden and davie be drive a wedge toward the stern , the defender fall back in disarray . 291 . quarterdeck of the acheron pulling and mowett fight side - by-side . a swivel - gun mount on the taff-rail be swing to face they . the gunner be about to fire when a perfectly - aim musket ball hit he , again fire by stephen . 292 . quarterdeck , surprise / acheron calamy , blakeney and they group force the counter - attack back onto the deck of the acheron . the two boy fight as a team as they move toward the stern . 292 . side of the acheron some acheron jump overboard to escape the furious attack . other be throw , grasp at woodwork as they fall . 293 . quarterdeck of the acheron jemmy duck turn the swivel on a group of acheron , the grapeshot blast they up against the gunwale . 294 . in the water oil burn . Men drow , other struggle to stay afloat , cling to the mass of wreckage float by the hull . 295 . waist of the ship cheer from the surprise , demand to surrender in many language , some beg for mercy , other fight on . 296 . below deck jack move alone , down to the berth deck . he smashes the chain off a lock - door , release a dozen or more prisoner . everywhere sign of the lethal blast through the ship 's stern , body , gun upend , shattered timber . he make he way through to the great cabin . 297 . great cabin , acheron four privateer look up as jack burst in . they have be looting they own ship 's valuable , two of they be too drunk to be scared . jack where be you captain ? ou est votre capitaine ? one man leap out through the shattered window . a couple of other raise they hand and start jabber in french and Spanish . 298 . quarterdeck , acheron it 's all over for the acheron as a french officer haul down they colour . a cheer from the surprise - a few last shot fire . calamy and blakeney cheer , blakeney hold aloft the capture flag . a die frenchman suddenly lunge at calamy with a sabre . blakeney step in front of he and take the blow . 299 . in the sick - berth , acheron a doctor be work here , a callow - face man in a bloody apron , red-ey from fatigue . jack enter , a fearsome sight , with he singe yellow hair and blood-stain cutlass . jack Le capitaine ? where be he ? the doctor point at a body on the operate table . jack approach , look down at the dead man . he 's [ ] somewhere about jack 's age , fine - feature , with he black coat drape over he body . doctor Il mávait prie de vous donner ceci . pass jack the captain 's sword . 300 . quarterdeck , acheron jack pick he way through the dead and wounded to where calamy sit nursing blakeney . calamy he 's dead , sir . gently , jack pick up the lifeless body and walk slowly back down the quarterdeck , the boy drape across he arm . friend and foe part silently in front of he as he cross the gangway to ... 301 . quarterdeck , surprise ... then with calamy follow , he go below . 302 . the great cabin - day jack in wide shot , sit alone on the bench run under the stern window . his hunch posture and red tear- stain eye give a glimpse of he familiar post - battle mood - a mix of grief and depression , the old question , " be it worth the price ? " . fade to black fade up on - 303 . acheron and surprise - dawn the two ship anchore close together on the ocean . 304 . quarterdeck , surprise - dawn as eight bell be rung for the change of watch we see a row of canvas hammock each contain the body of a fall crewman . davie and plaice stitch the body into they hammock , blakeney the last body in the line . as the man approach - calamy I will do it . joe pass he the needle and twine , then they leave he alone . as calamy sew up the hammock , hollar 's voice be hear distinctly from below . hollar ( o.s. ) rise and shine , show a leg there . tumble up ! tumble up ! in close - up : the peaceful face of blakeney hollar ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) sleepers awake ! ... as calamy 's hand stitch the canvas close . 305 . wide on the surprise - dawn the small figure of the crew assemble on the quarterdeck . jack 's voice drift across the water . jack John Henry allen ... Joseph nagel ... William horner ... Stephen Winston boyle ... and Lieutenant William blakeney we therefore commit they body to the deep , look for the resurrection of the body , when the sea shall give up she dead ... amen . all amen . the body in they weight hammock slide into the sea . 306 . bow of the surprise - day Wide on stephen and blakeney as they sit watch two dolphin surfing the bow - wave , stephen point out various feature of this magnificent creature , do he best to take the boy 's mind off the loss of he friend . 307 . the surprise and the acheron - day the two ship sail abreast - the acheron , she shattered mast jury-rigged . 308 . quarterdeck , surprise - day jack stand with lieutenant mowett and the signal midshipman , williamson . they look across at the acheron . jack signal ... ' parole prisoner valparaiso ' ... williamson you mean Lieutenant pulling , Sir ? jack no. Captain pulling . williamson hurry to the signal locker , the signal book and jack 's message in he hand . 309 . telescope Pov day the line of color signal - flag run up to the mast-head of the surprise . 309a quarterdeck acheron midshipman Rye be read the signal for pulling rye .... then ' rendezvous Portsmouth . god- speed , Captain pulling . ' a content smile on pulling face as he promotion be confirm . he wave across to jack as the acheron make a sharp turn away from the surprise . 310 . deleted 311 . about the ship - dusk slowly the crew come back to life as old familiar habit and routine reassert themselves . · acting first Lieutenant mowett walk the quarterdeck compose a poem in memory of the battle . · joe plaice tell a story of witchcraft and haunt ship to a small attentive audience . · while awkward davie work further on the tattoo about beckett 's waist . the chain begin off brazil now wind its way around most of he torso . · blakeney and jemmy duck be feed the assort creature collect at the galapagos , as ... · bonden read he first book , ' disease of seamen ' by Stephen maturin , he brow furrow , he lip move silently . · while the powder - monkey skylark in the rigging 313 . interior , great cabin - night stephen play a note on he cello [ ] stephen shall we begin ? jack pause , gaze into space . stephen ( cont 'd ) Jack , brother , you be gather wool . jack ( smile ) think about they captain . a great seaman , whatever you may say of he . the doctor say he be kill by we first broadside . I would have like to talk to he , face to face . stephen maybe you do . jack what ? stephen while I be tend the prisoner they tell I they doctor die of fever , two week ago . there be no doctor on that ship when we board it . and I doubt you will find one there now . jack go very still . a silence break only by the sound of water flow gently past the hull . he look down at the captain 's sword on the table , the think of a possible final deception flooding through he . stephen ( cont 'd ) shall we ? he start to play , the deep booming sound of the cello carry through to .... 312 . outside the great cabin - night killick , wear a ostentatious bandage about he head , be prepare toast cheese with black bill . killick that 's the last of the cheese and like as not they will leave it seize to they plate with they tweedly tweedly tweedly . jack ( o.s. ) killick ? killick there ! killick ( project ) which it will be ready when it 's ready ! in the cabin , the violin join with the cello . Rolling , undeniable music , the music of the wave , resonate through the great ship and fill the night . stephen mind be far away . Jack break off abruptly : jack you be still miss you cormorant ... flightless eh... well then . it will still be there when we come back and he break into a merry jig 313 . surprise , exterior - night Wide , to see the stern of the ship and a patch of surround water light by the great stern lantern . through the casement window the two man can be see play . wider , to the vast dark sky and the heaving ocean all around , with the stern cabin , a tiny orange light , still faintly visible in the darkness . 314 . further back and further still . until we see the curve of the earth , and the planet spin on its journey through space . ***