matchstick men by Nick griffin & Ted griffin base on the book by Eric Garcia shoot draft October 14 , 2002 fade in : ext . roy' house - back yard - day a immaculate pool -- clean , clear and placid -- crowd the back yard , bounce light against the house . int . roy' live room - at window - day the pool can be see through filigreed metallic blind . roy enter frame , suite , coffee cup in hand , and peer out at it for a spell . a calming moment to start he day . then : he raise the blind , wince at the floor of sunlight . he check the window 's lock , re-lock it for good measure , then close the shade again . at next window the ritual repeat : blind up , window 's lock , he be - lock it . at third repeated . int . roy' hallway - morning Three door line the leave wall ; one divide the right ; all be shut . Roy emerge from the nearest door on the leave ( a bedroom ) and shut it behind he . he cross to the single door on the right ( a bathroom ) , open it , enter , and shut it behind he . water run and a toilet flush . he reappear , shut the door behind he , and enter the middle door on the leave ( another bedroom , unoccupy ) . he re-emerges with a handkerchief in hand , then in pocket , and a beeper on he belt , and again shut the door behind he . he start for the far door ( to a live room ) but manage only a few step before he stop , turn , and head back to the bathroom door . he open it and peer inside . a three - count and he shut it again . int . roy' kitchen - day Roy rinse out he mug of coffee , wash the sink basin clean of it , wipe down the kitchen countertop , already spotless , and let the faucet run as -- -- he take from a cupboard a unlabel vial of pill . pull off the cap , tap two capsule into he palm . and just stare at it . anxious and exhaust . then : he toss the pill down he throat , chase they with tap water , and give the faucet a firm tug off . int . roy' chevy caprice - day window crack just enough to suck out he cigarette smoke . am - fm forecast the natural weather , region - by - region . radio voice ( v.o. ) elsewhere , temperature in New York in the high 80' , Chicago report rain , temperature in the high 70' ... ext . stoplight - day Roy slow to a halt behind a mini-van full of kid . they laugh and scream and wave at Roy . his hand stay glue at 2 and 10 . frank ( v.o. ) no , mar 'am , it 's confirm -- int . roy and franks office - day frank mercer , young than Roy , work the phone . a sea of papers flood he desk , while the adjoin desk ( Roy 's ) be pristine . in lieu of decor there be stack of cardboard box pile everywhere . frank -- the chevy blazer , the Paris vacation , or the Tiffany necklace . it 's okay if you do not remember enter the contest , mar 'am , you have win -- the next call -- ( continued ) 10 matchstick men - Rev. 7/17/02 3 . continued : 7 frank -- do you have a water filtration system in you house ? do you read the papers or watch tv , sir ? then you have probably see we advertisement -- the next call -- frank -- we just have to wait for the sponsor 's rep to fly in for the final draw . that should be next week sometime -- omitted 8 int . roy and franks office - day 9 at he window , Frank watch Roy , freeze in he car . frank -- if you buy the waterford ii water filtration system , the prize get record as a sale expense and you do not pay any tax . good deal , huh ? Frank turn to one of the box mark " waterford ii " and peel off a price sticker : $ 49.99 . frank $ 398.00 even . you would pay twice that in store . same - minute later 10 Roy enter , shut the door behind he . ( continued ) 10 continued : 10 frank you want to what ? when will he be home ? ( beat ) Mrs. fisk , my supervisor just step into my office and he would love to talk to you . can you hold just a sec ? ( put she on hold ; to Roy , overly sunny ) good morning . something on the radio ? ( he offer phone ) irene fisk . ' want to talk to she husband first . 's roy who do not ? Roy decline Frank 's phone , move to he own . he pluck up the receiver , clean its mouthpiece with he handkerchief , then un-hold Mrs. fisk . the moment he do , he whole personality transform . roy Mrs. fisk ? John goodhew , regional vice-president at ally affiliate . congratulation ! which prize be you hope for ? ( beat ) that would be my choice , too . can I ask you one question , irene ? do you have grandchild ? ( beat ) five ! how old ? well , you be a very lucky woman . yes , I agree : they be we most precious resource . I have get a six and two - year old at home and I will tell you : the day I install a filtrator ... absolutely you can taste the difference . now I understand you would like to talk to you husband about this first , and I understand why , but the thing be , irene -- ( confidentially ) -- my secretary be have a baby this afternoon and the whole office here be about to bug out and go over to the hospital . yes , it 's very exciting . but today be we deadline , so you see ... ( continued ) 10 11 12 13 continued : ( 2 ) 10 listen , Roy nod to Frank : she 's in . Frank go to work -- call a courier service on Roy 's line ( he mouth graze the receiver , Roy notice ) -- as Roy finish up . and though he voice may be grin , he eye betray he : he do not enjoy this . roy irene , that 's sweet of you to offer , and I be sure she would love that , but we be in Chicago . uh - huh , coope up in we corporate office on State Street . I will tell you , though , I rather be out in sunny California with you today ' cause it 's just pour up here . cat and dog , exactly . now let I confirm you address for we courier service ... int . roy' caprice ( office parking lot ) - day 11 Roy behind the wheel ; Frank knot he tie . window up tight . frank you get any thought on lunch ? Roy nod . a long-standing joke : the non-answer answer . Frank angle he foot up on the dash , and Roy point it off . ext . residential neighborhood - day 12 Roy move briskly ahead of Frank along a sidewalk , he hand thrust deep in he coat pocket , which he do whenever he 's outside . ext . middle -class home 13 door answer by a middle - aged housewife . Roy and Frank stand on she front porch . Roy present identification . roy carolyn schaffer ? ( as she nod ) I be agent kellaway , this be agent Cole , we be from the Federal Trade Commission . sorry to disturb you . we would like to ask you a few question if we could . ( continued ) 13 14 continued : int . kitch 13 housewife be everything alright ? roy we hope so , mar 'am . May we come in ? en - day 14 Roy and Frank sit at a breakfast table , across from the housewife testimony : and she husband . the housewife give she housewife he say there would be a contest , and I would win a prize . he say there would be a draw in a week , and I would either win a trip to , um , France or Italy , I can not remember . he say if I buy one of they product , they filtration thing , I would not have to pay tax of the prize . she indicate a waterford ii install on she kitchen faucet , then wilt under she husband 's stare . husband Jesus , carolyn ... housewife ( penitent , near tear ) I be go to surprise you ... roy I be sorry to tell you this , mar 'am , but you will not be receive any prize . and I be sorry to tell you you have be the victim of fraud . husband ( piss , take it out on family dog who scratch at door ) otis ! knock it off ! frank it 's not the newest swindle in the world , just new to some . they bait you with something bogus , then sell you something worthless . ( continued ) 14 continued : 14 roy how much do you give they , Mrs. schaffer ? housewife Seven hundred dollar . husband ah , Jesus , carolyn ... ( to Frank and Roy ) what 's it worth ? frank any hardware store they be about fifty buck -- roy but we have meet people who pay twice what you do . ( to housewife ) you write a check , mar 'am ? ( as she nod ) do you mail it to they ? housewife a courier pick it up . Roy and Frank exchange grimace . husband what ? roy if they use the postal system , it 's mail fraud and we can go after they . otherwise , there 's not a lot we can do . frank unless ... husband unless what ? roy a lot of this son -of- bitch -- excuse I , mar 'am -- they work in syndicate . if they cashed you check out of state , it 's federal and we can act . but we would need a sign clearance from you for you bank to run a trace on the check , and then -- ( continued ) 14 matchstick men - Rev. 7/17/02 8. continued : Roy take ( 2 ) 14 husband I will give you a clearance . if it will help get that bastard . roy ( to Frank ) you have any more of that L - 47' ? frank maybe in the car . ( rise to go , by chance feel inside he pocket ) wait , here we go . the form and lay it before the husband . roy here , use my pen . as the husband 's eye glaze over the small print , the dog scratch at the door again . husband let he out , will ya , carolyn ? the housewife slide open a glass door for the dog , then return to she seat -- without close it behind she . Roy 's focus fix on it . and every voice drift into the distance . roy all we need be the name of you bank , you account number and you signature at the bottom . any luck , this guy be amateur , cashed you check in nevada . husband see , darling ? I tell you : you be too trust . you gotta be more careful of people . frank I be sorry to say , mar 'am , he 's absolutely right . husband ( signing L - 47 ) here ya go . ( off Roy 's fix , uneasy stare ) you alright ? ( continued ) 14 15 al6 matchstick men - Rev. 7/17/02 9. continued : ( 3 ) 14 Frank notice now , too -- Roy be sweat and uneasy , fixate on the small wilderness outside -- and recognize the cause of he infirmity : the open door . frank do you mind if I close this ? they do not . Frank rise and close the glass door . Roy snap out of it . sound within the room return to normal . roy sorry . I be fine , thanks . ( he take L - 47 ) thank you . Frank smile to allay the husband 's suspicion : what the fuck be that about ? ext . residential neighborhood - day 15 Roy and Frank return to they car , Roy speedily . frank you be not take you pill , be you ? Roy face he , testily , but he never pause in he effort to get inside he car as fast as he can . Frank , admonish , take he time get in . frank it 's just that ... you look like you be gonna whoopsy - daisy all over that people 's Oriental . a breath to compose himself and Roy start the car . frank you be take you pill ? roy ( at last ) yes . the car pull out . ext . roy and franks office - day al6é the caprice pull into the parking lot . Inside , Frank split up the day 's take , fifty - fifty . Roy seem barely interested . ( continued ) matchstick men - Rev. 7/17/02 10 . al6 continued : al6 frank well , it 's not a fortune , but it keep I in diaper . barely . one look at that drape I should have know . ( beat ) I see that guy again last night : Chuck . the guy I be tell you , with the -- roy -- with the boat . frank ( sing -song ) he 's top-heavy . ( off no response from Roy ) it 's real money , Roy . roy if it 's real money , it 's long con . I do not do long con . frank you have not do it lately . Frank be look for a glimmer of hope . Roy give he none . roy without I , Frank . Frank put up he hand : never mind . frank okay . I would just like to , you know , take a girl out somewhere nice once in a while . roy ( beat ) you have to pay she extra for that ? 16 int . supermarket - check -out aisle - day 16 Roy drop a half - dozen can of Chicken - by-the - Sea on the conveyor . the check -out woman total they : check-out woman ... four , five , six . and a pack of Winston 's . for Roy , it 's a stand order here . 17 18 19 matchstick men - Rev. 7/17/02 10a . ext . roy' home - day 17 a modest one-story . Roy 's caprice pull in the driveway . int . roy' live room - day 18 Roy , shoeless , skirt the live room rug to approach a ceramic horse in the corner , next to a sofa . he slide its head up and off its body and rest it on the floor , then reach into its hollow belly to withdraw a .38 . he remove from he jacket the day 's take and stuff it inside the horse . he replace the weapon atop it . int . roy' kitchen - at table - night 19 Roy eat dinner : tuna , straight from the can . ( continued ) 19 20 21 22 23 11 . continued : 19 at sink he wash out the empty can , then turn to he shoe , rinsing and wiping down they sole . int . roy' bedroom - night 20 predictably spartan . Roy wear pajamas to bed . he lie down , head on he pillow , eye toward the ceiling , wide and anxious and exhaust and sad , to smoke himself to sleep . dissolve to : int . roy' live room - day 21 the morning ritual again . Roy stare out he window , coffee cup in hand , at the pool . and he moment of serenity have be violate for -- ext . roy' house - back yard - day 22 two leave float atop the pool surface . Roy , with a long - pole net , remove they . int . roy' kitchen 23 Roy throw the leave away in the trash below the sink , then rinse out he coffee mug / wash down the basin / clean the countertop / let the faucet run . find he vial of pill and tap two capsule into he palm . set the vial down beside the sink . stare at the pill again -- -- then throw they back in he throat and wash they down with tap water ( filtrate by a waterford ii ) . he reach to turn the faucet off -- -- and accidentally knock the uncapped vial into the sink , upend it and send pill scatter . roy dammit ! he grab for the vial , empty -- pill be swirl down the drain -- then scramble for the tap , slamm it off , but too late : all the capsule have be sweep away . ( continued ) 23 24 25 26 27 28 12 . continued : 23 roy shit ! Roy fret , think , decide . Rolling up he sleeve , he dip he hand into the sink 's disposal , patting around its base for pill . at last , he find one . pinches it and raise it into the light . and Roy know : there 's no way he will ever put that thing in he mouth . int . roy' live room - day 24 Roy 's on he portable phone , desperate . roy hi , I need to talk to mancuso . ( beat ) man-cus -o. ( beat ) what do you mean he ...? ( beat ) you gotta be shitting I ... same scene - moment later Roy fret , pace . he stop , look down . he 's be walk on the live room rug -- disaster . int . roy' closet 25 Roy yank out he vacuum cleaner . int . roy' live room 26 Roy vacuum the rug back - and -forth , back - and - forth , back - and -forth . he stop . Studies the rug . then look up . suddenly everything look dirty . int . roy' kitchen 27 under the sink , Roy rifle through a gallery of clean product -- pine sol , Murphy 's oil soap , ajax , windex . int . roy' live room 28 Roy clean . dishwash glove on , down on he knee . 29 30 31 32 33 13 . int . roy' bathroom 29 Roy clean behind the toilet . the phone ring in the next room . Roy show no interest in answer it . frank ( v.o.over message machine ) Roy , pick up . it 's I , pick up , Roy . Roy , where be you ? int . roy' kitchen 30 Roy take he lunch break , one dishwash glove remove , eat straight from the can again . ext . roy' house 31 Roy clean all the window , from the inside only -- squeak , squeak , squeak . the phone ring again . int . roy' house - medley of pristine room - later 32 frank ( v.o.on machine again ) what the hell , Roy . I feel like a chick . okay , that 's it . I be come over . roy ( 0.s. ) shit . int . roy' live room 33 Roy sit prone on he couch . eye bloodshot and weary , study the carpet . there be a knock at the front door . frank ( 0.s. ) Roy ! you in there ? Roy ! Roy do not respond . Frank knock some more . frank ( 0.s. ) Roy , goddammit ! you car 's here , I know you be here ! ( beat ) I will call the cop , I will do it . I will put all my shit where they can not find it , I will call they and they will come down here ! Roy surrender : he get off the couch . 14 . 34 at he front door 34 Roy unlock it , open it , latch on . Frank 's nose and mouth appear in the open . Roy shut frank ( sigh of relief ) thank Jesus . open up , lemme in . roy take off you shoe . frank what ? why ? roy take ‘em off , or you do not come in . frank ( look in at he ) you do not take you pill , do you ? the door , walk away . frank ( 0.s. ) okay , okay , shoe be come off . ( as he take they off ) okay , Roy . Roy return , unlatch and open the door . Frank enter and the scent of ammonia slam he nostril . Roy can not . frank mother ... you get attack by Mr. clean ? Roy , you gotta open a window . roy no. window . ( as Frank just stare at he ) look for something ? frank my partner . you see he ? he 's be miss most of the week . ( beat ) tell I you have leave the house in three day . ( continued ) 34 continued : 35 in live 15 . Frank enter . 34 frank have you eat anything in three day ? ( off Roy 's nod ) besides can tuna ? ( as Roy stop nodd ) and woman tell I my lifestyle 's peculiar . room 35 roy watch -- the rug . Frank stop short of it . look at Roy . a beat . frank you do not take you -- roy I spill they . down the garbage disposal . by accident . frank you call mancuso ? roy he move . frank you gotta be shitting I . roy that 's what I say . frank take a shower . I be gonna make a call . my aunt see this shrink after she divorce , he really -- roy Frank -- ( continued ) 35 36 37 16 . continued : 35 frank Roy : you need to see someone . listen , do not think I be do this just for you . you get money you can retire , I get car payment , you know . I do not need a partner who 's -- Frank pantomime a mad - act spasm . Roy relent . as he head for the bathroom , Frank pick up the phone , dial . roy Frank . frank yeah ? roy wipe that thing down when you be do with it , okay ? a beat . Frank look to be at the end of he rope . frank go take that shower , Roy . int . SMALL office build courtyard 36 beside a door , a plaque read : " dr . harris klein , m.d . " Roy watch from a darken breezeway , smoking , hand in coat pocket . he stamp out he cigarette and approach . int . dr . klein' office - day 37 Roy , at the far end of a small couch , stare at a pair of florsheim cross atop a ottoman . they belong to dr . klein , who scan Roy 's form . dr . klein you mind if I put they up ? it help my back . roy go ahead . dr . klein ( be : he form ) you be something of a clean slate , Roy . this say you be on medication but you do not know what kind . ( continued ) 37 continued : 17 . 37 roy they be green capsule . I think it say p.d.f. on they . something like that . dr . klein you be get they illegally ? ( as Roy balk ) we be start fresh today , Roy . what happen in the past I do not care about . roy that 's a funny thing for a shrink to say . klein smile ; Roy do not . roy yes . I be get they illegally . dr . klein why ? roy so I would not have to talk to someone like you . do you know what they be ? dr . klein yes . and at the dosage you say you be take , I would say you be lucky to be sit up straight ! -- roy can you get I more of they ? dr . klein let 's talk a little first . it say here you be -- roy -- I be sorry , Doc , but my partner , my buddy Frank -- dr . klein -- Beth mercer 's nephew -- ( continued ) 37 continued : 18 . ( 2 ) 37 roy -- he say I could come here and you would get I the pill I need . if you can not do that , this session 's over before it 's start . dr . klein you certainly get to the point . roy and you skirt it . can you get I the pill or not ? dr . klein yes . roy then let 's get that prescription pad out . dr . klein Roy , usually I do not prescribe medicine unless I have have a little chat with the patient first . if you be inclined against that , then ! -- as you say -- this session will be quite brief . Roy stare the doctor down . klein never blink . dr . klein it say here you be a antique dealer . how long you be in that line ? nothing from Roy . the face - off continue . dr . klein would you like to tell I what 's be bother you ? and continue . then , abruptly , Roy quit . roy I get tired a lot , but I can not sleep . certain thing distract I , make I feel sick to my stomach . dr . klein what kind of thing ? ( continued ) 37 continued : 19 . ( 3 ) 37 roy when people leave door open , or window . I do not like be outdoors . they call that agoraphobia , right ? dr . klein incorrectly , but yes . anything else ? roy dirt . especially around molding . klein make a note . a beat . a beat . dr . klein have this distraction affect you work of late ? ( off Roy 's nod ) and you personal relationship ? roy what personal relationship ? dr . klein when be the last time you be in one ? a relationship ? roy with a woman ? a long time ago . dr . klein five year ? ten year ? roy keep go . dr . klein what be she name ? roy Heather . dr . klein be you marry ? ( off Roy 's nod ) kid ? ( continued ) 37 continued : 20 . ( 4 ) 37 roy maybe . dr . klein maybe . that 's a new one . roy she be pregnant when she leave I . maybe I get a kid , maybe I do not . dr . klein you have not see she since ? roy no. dr . klein you have not speak ? roy she leave with a black eye , which I give she , and a bun in the oven , which might have come from anyone . so , no , I have not . for all I know she get hit by a bus . for all I know she get rid of the baby , ' cause she would be down that path before . ( a breath to cool he temper ) Doc : I spend last Tuesday on my live room sofa . watch my carpet . watch fiber on my carpet . and the whole time I be watch my carpet I be worry that I might vomit , and the whole time I be worry I might vomit , I be think : I be a grow man , I should know what 's go on in my head . and the more I think about it the more I realize I should just blow my brain out and end it all , but the more I want to blow my brain out , the more I think about what that would do to my goddamn carpet . ( beat ) and that be a good day , Doc . so gimme some pill and let I get on with my life . 38 39 a39 b39 40 41 42 matchstick men - Rev. 10/7/02 21. omitted 38 omitted 39 int . roy' kitchen - at sink - night a39 Roy push a blue capsule out of a foil - bottom packet , downs it with coffee . he stop to think . at table he open the phone book , flip page to " F . " his finger scan name , come up empty . he close the book in surrender . on phone he have not quit yet , poise with pen and pad . roy -- fenton . f-e-n-t-o-n. Heather . ( wait , then ) what about in Orange County ? int . roy' bedroom - night b39 Roy sit on the edge of the bed , stare at Heather 's number . he pick up he phone , start to dial , then hang up . he 's scared shitless . he close he eye , breathless , suck down part of a Winston . then pick up the phone again , dial . one ring , two ring ... woman ( v.o. ) hello -- Roy hang up . bury he hand under he armpit . omitted 40 omitted 41 & 42 matchstick men - Rev. 10/7/02 22/23. 43 int . dr . klein' office 43 klein study Roy . roy I be young , she be very young . we meet in a bar . discover we both have similar interest . basically , drink and -- he wave he hand . dr . klein sexual intercourse . roy if you gotta be dirty about it . then we get hitched . I do not think either of we put a whole lot of think into it . dr . klein and she get pregnant . ( continued ) matchstick men - Rev. 7/17/02 24 . 43 continued : Roy nod . 43 roy that be later . after thing get bad . we fight a lot . dr . klein about what ? roy what have you get ? I be not sober a lot then -- dr . klein be you now ? roy ( nod ) -- so some night she just do not come home . she be pregnant two month before she tell I . which be why I ... dr . klein hit she ? dr . klein do you think about she much ? what could have be , what might have be . Roy shake he head . dr . klein and the baby ? roy if there 's a baby . dr . klein do you think about that ? roy sometimes . rarely . if I seea school bus or -- I wonder : be one of that kid Roy jr.? dr . klein he -- if he 's a he -- would be how old now ? roy fourteen . ( continued ) matchstick men - Rev. 7/17/02 25 . 43 continued : ( 2 ) 43 dr . klein fourteen . ready to be a man . roy if he 's a he . if he be at all . 44 int . dr . klein' anteroom 44 Roy wait . Dr. klein appear from he stockroom / closet and hand Roy a handful of unlabel sampler pack . dr . klein congratulation . you buy yourself a month 's worth . roy Doc , do you know of a way of ...? just to find out ... dr . klein there 's nothing wrong , Roy , with a man telephon he ex-wife . roy I try that last night . ( withdraw the number from he shirt pocket ) could not say a word . klein look surprised . Roy push the number on he . roy could you ? call she ? dr . klein I do not know , Roy . I , uh ... roy just to find out . klein hesitates : this be unorthodox . but that 's what Roy want . at last , klein relent ; he take Heather 's number . 45 int . roy' live room - next day 45 Roy , rock -like , stare out at the pool . the phone ring . ( continued ) 26 . 45 continued : 45 dr . klein ( on the answer machine ) Roy ? this be Dr. klein ... roy ( pick up ) Doc ... 46 int . roy' hallway 46 Roy 's on the portable . Roy can not dr . klein ( v.o.on phone ) I just get off the phone with Heather . we have a nice conversation . roy do she want to talk to I ? dr . klein ( v.o.on phone ) no . she do not . I be sorry . she do not understand it might help with you therapy . roy you tell she I be in therapy . dr . klein ( v.o.on phone ) I tell she I be a psychiatrist . I can not lie , Roy . Angela want to talk to you , though . roy who ? dr . klein ( v.o.on phone ) Angela . you daughter . she know you be she father , and she say she really want to meet you . move or speak for a moment . then : roy Doc , can you hold the line a moment ? ( continued ) 46 47 48 49 50 51 27 . continued : 46 Roy cup the phone . carry it inside the bathroom . turn on the light and shut the door behind he . through the door : the unmistakable convulsion of a man puke up everything he have . then : roy ( 0.s. ) where ? moving shot 47 moving under a highway sign : san pedro . then down to : Roy 's caprice , Roy at the wheel , white knuckle at two and ten . ext . neighborhood park - day 48 except for one young mother and she infant , empty . stop across the street , Roy check he watch -- he 's early . he burrow out a cigarette , light it , and unroll he window a eighth of a inch . same scene - later 49 Roy be chain - lighting he next cigarette , then push the old butt through the window crack , when in he side mirror : a young girl float into view atop a skateboard . pretty but not fully form , slender but not fragile . she ride past he caprice , then dismount and walk into the park . Roy do not move . same scene - later 50 the Young girl sit wait , roll she skateboard back - and -forth . Roy remain in he car , watch , amaze , bewilder . same scene - later 51 the girl stand , look this way and that , then give up . she mount she board and start away , and as she pass Roy 's car , he can see : there 's disappointment in she eye . ( continued ) 51 52 28 . continued : 51 roy shit . Roy throw open he car door . roy hey -- hey !! the girl stop . Roy stumble out of he caprice , clothes dishevel , cigarette dangle from he mouth . roy you Angela ? angela ( young girl ) you Roy ? he nod . Father and daughter meet . on park swing 52 Angela rock gently . Roy stand nearby , on pavement , not sand , hand deep in he pocket . he do not know what to say , except : roy so : you be fourteen . angela yep . she swing a little more . angela when would you get out ? roy what ? angela of prison . a beat . roy I have never be in prison . angela oh . ( continued ) 52 53 29 . continued : 52 roy you mom tell you that ? angela first she tell I you be dead . then she say you might as well be . roy I be not dead . I be in antique . angela that 's what the doctor say . on the phone . when he say that , Mom start to laugh . Roy glance about , anxious . roy you -- you hungry ? ( as she shrug ) do you mind eat ? it 's just -- I would feel better somewhere indoors . I get uncomfortable sometimes be outside . she give he a curious look . int . san pedro diner 53 Angela be serve a enormous meal ( turkey , mashed and gravy , chocolate shake ) , and Roy take note from across the table . roy I think you be not hungry . angela you be gonna get wet , might as well go swim . roy what 's that thing with girl -- where they do not eat ? angela ( mouth full ) anorexia . ( continued ) 53 30 . continued : 53 roy at least we know you do not have that . angela I could have bulimia . that 's when you go in the bathroom after and vomit . she continue to eat . Roy study she face . angela you be stare . roy sorry . angela that 's okay . I use to do it , too . look at you picture and see if I get you nose or you eye . Mom use to say I get lucky and only get you elbow . roy how be you mom ? angela Fine . Roy wait : be there more information forthcoming ? Angela eat , deliberately : no , there be not . roy so you be in school , right ? angela not now . it 's summer . roy right . well , school 's real important . if I have anything to do over again , I would work harder in school . angela you drop out ? Roy hesitates , then nod . angela that why you end up a criminal ? ( continued ) 53 54 31 . continued : ( 2 ) 53 she take a long , noisy slurp from she shake , suck up the dregs with she straw as she study Roy . roy you finish ? angela it 's okay , you know . whatever you do . everybody 's do something bad in they life -- roy -- I be in antique -- angela -- if you make it a career , it 's just a lot of something strung together -- roy cut the shit , huh ? I be not a criminal . ( beat ) sorry . I should not have -- angela ( mock shock ) what -- what be that word ? ' shi ...t '? ( unfaze ) when 's the last time you see each other , you and Mom ? roy before you be bear . angela you still love she ? he do not know how to answer . angela ' Cause she still hate you , you know . roy yeah . I pretty much figure that . int . he caprice - moving 54 Roy drive . Angela , snooping , open the glove compartment , eye a pack of cigarettes along with Roy 's pink slip , proof of insurance , fake ftc identification . ( continued ) 54 55 56 32 . continued : 54 roy ( shooing she away ) hey , hey ... look up the street : angela stop , stop , stop . that 's she car in the driveway . you better drop I here . ext . heather' neighborhood - day 55 Roy pull over . time to say good - bye . he do not know how . angela get a pen ? he do . she take it , then he hand , and write a telephone number on he palm . angela this be my private line . Mom get it for I for my birthday . ' Cause my friend carrie keep on call after midnight . maybe we could go bowl some time . Roy be catch off - guard by the suggestion . Angela leap out , then lean back in . angela Nice meeting you , dad . she close the door . Roy watch she skate away , then glance at the number write on he palm . it absolutely bewilder he . frank ( v.o . ) what 's more important than family ? int . roy and franks office - next day 56 Roy 's at he desk . Copying the number fade from he palm . he can not help but smile . meanwhile , Frank work the phone , fight the monotony of cold call . ( continued ) 56 57 matchstick men - Rev. 7/17/02 33 . continued : 56 frank then what could be more important than purify the water you family drink ? the waterford ii offer you the cleanest filtration system available today . ( notice Roy 's smile ) Mr. schlickle , can you hold just one moment ? thank you . ( mute the phone , to Roy ) what ? roy huh ? frank you be smile . you switch shampoos or something ? ( beat ) pill work ? ( as Roy nod ) glad one of we be happy . roy ( moment 's think , then ) how much money you think we could take that guy for ? Chuck , with the boat . ( off Frank 's astonishment ) figure I owe you one . Frank can not believe it . he stare at Roy . then back on the phone : frank Mr. schlickle ? hi , I be sorry : you wait too long , no prize for you . and he hang up . ext . car wash - day 57 chuck frechette -- swarthy , forty - something , new-money suit -- brow -beat the illegal alien who 's towel - drying he mercede ( complete with bumper sticker " I would Rather be sail " ) . across the street , Roy and Frank scout he . roy ( tell I again ) what 's he last name ? ( continued ) 57 34 . continued : 57 frank frechette . Chuck frechette . roy how do you spell it ? frank F -r ... Hell if I know , he 's from downey . roy where would you find he ? frank cheetah 's . watched he drop two G 's there a month ago . roy cheetah 's ? frank it 's a gentleman 's -- roy I know what it be . what 's he do ? frank import / export . roy he 's not connect , be he ? frank he and the mob be like this -- Frank hold two finger far apart . meanwhile , frechette 's mercede be as dry as it 's gonna get . he get in and peel away , leave he dryer 's upturn palm empty . roy sonovabitch do not even tip . frank I figure on short notice he could scratch up at least thirty grand . roy ( beat ) more . Music to Frank 's ear . Roy keys the ignition . 58 59 60 61 62 63 64 matchstick men - Rev. 7/17/02 35 . ext . first federal bank - day 58 Roy enter . as we hear he continue -- roy ( v.o. ) we will pull the jamaican switch on he . he know you , so you be rope , I be inside . think he know anything about international finance ? -- he move briskly through -- int . first federal bank - lobby - day 59 -- and -- int . first federal bank - stair 60 -- then into -- int . first federal bank - vault anteroom 61 -- where he approach a clerk . clerk May I help you ? roy I would like to access my safe deposit box . j-215 . clerk ( offer a form ) signature and pass code , please . int . bank vault 62 the bank clerk remove a large safety deposit box , set it on a view table , then leave Roy alone with it . Roy open it , then withdraw from he jacket two envelope -- one white , one manila . omitted 63 int . roy' second bedroom - night 64 Roy face he professional costume closet : several suit , high to low end , plus a gallery of pristine shoe , a number of pair of eyeglass . Roy try on a pair , check himself in the mirror . 65 matchstick men - Rev. 7/17/02 36 . int . roy' live room - night 65 Roy on the phone again . roy where ? ( check he watch ) where else . one hour . he hang up . a knock at the door . Roy look alarmed . he just get off the phone with Frank -- who else could that be ? at front door open on Angela , backpack and skateboard at she foot . angela remember I ? Roy nod , bemuse . roy you just in the neighborhood ? angela take the bus . think I could come in a sec ? panic flicker across Roy 's face . no one but Frank have cross this threshold in many year . he open the door wider and she step inside . she peer about . angela Nice . roy huh ? angela it 's nice . you place . I bet you be wonder how I get you address . he be not . angela off you car insurance , in you glove compartment . Roy feel suddenly uncomfortable in he own home . ( continued ) 65 continued : 37 . 65 roy so what 's go on ? angela Mom and I have sort of a fight . it happen once in a while . I usually take off for a day or two to let she calm down . roy take off ? angela normally I go to carrie 's . only she family 's on vacation . and I think , since we seem to hit it off so good last time -- ( hope Roy will complete the think ; he do not ) -- I could sleep on the couch ? roy ( cardiac arrest ) you wanna stay here ? angela I could pay you back by clean up or something -- ( as she gaze around spotless room ; then be : he glass ) you wear that to read ? they make you look kinda old . roy this be just for -- ( remember ) I gotta go . I get a business meeting . angela this late ? roy antique wait for no man . ( half to himself , half to she ) be it okay if I leave you here ? angela sure . I can watch tv . ( continued ) 65 66 matchstick men - Rev. 7/17/02 38 . continued : ( 2 ) 65 Roy search around the room , as if a television will magically appear . angela you do not have a tv ? you seriously do not have a tv ? he smile , sheepishly . roy there 's a couch . if you want to sit . or there if you prefer . or the couch . she move to the couch , amused by he nervousness ; of course , she tread right across the carpet . Roy avert he eye , start for the door ... roy you want I to pick up anything on the way back ? Ice cream ? angela New York Super fudge chunk . roy what ? angela that 's my favorite flavor . New York Super fudge chunk . roy New York ...? angela Super fudge chunk . roy chocolate . do not open the door for anybody . ext . roy' house - night 66 quietly as he can , Roy lock the front door . hesitates for a moment . can he do this -- leave a fourteen - year - old girl alone in he house ? he must . 67 68 69 70 39 . ext . cheetah' strip club - night 67 Roy pull he caprice into a distant view of the club . Frank tap on the passenger side window and Roy unlock the door . frank ( be : Roy 's glass ) hey , I like that . they make you look -- roy Old ? frank ( hesitates , then ) older . roy how long 's he be inside ? frank twenty minute . roy you get you line down ? frank you get my money ? Roy withdraw the standard white envelope from he jacket and fling it at Frank . int . cheetah be - night 68 as glamorous a establishment as you might imagine . Roy enter , pay the cover charge at the door and spot -- by way of a mirror -- Chuck frechette drink alone at the bar . he find himself a table . int . roy' bedroom - night 69 while Roy 's away , Angela snoops . here she open drawer : just clothes . int . roy' kitchen - night 70 here she open cupboard : just can of Chicken -of - the- Sea . 71 72 40 . int . roy' live room - night 71 here she stand on a chair and pries atop bookshelve : nothing here , not even dust . but from this perch , the ceramic horse in the corner draw she attention . int . cheetah be - night 72 as Roy sip a club soda : stripper good evening . his eye stray up to hers ( who know the last time he face a bare midriff ) -- stripper Care for a dance ? -- then flash to the door as Frank enter . Frank spot Roy and head he way . Roy glance back at the bar : frechette , eye on the girl , do not notice Frank enter . roy not just now . the stripper depart , pass Frank . frank thanks , honey . come back later for I , though , okay ? Frank stand over Roy and extend he hand . frank arden . hope I do not keep you . roy ( rise to shake ) good to see you , bob. ( voice drop ) at the bar . he miss you come in . Frank nod , then whistle to a pass waitress , loudly : frank hey , can I get a Bud ?! everyone turn they head at that , include frechette , who recognize Frank . ( continued ) 72 41 . continued : 72 frank ( back to Roy ) that do the trick ? roy let 's sit . they do . frechette start off he barstool toward they . Roy monitor he approach . frank we in business ? roy on my next drink . another stripper pass , and Roy 's distract a instant . frank I tell you you would like it here . Roy pick up he drink , cue Frank to reach into he windbreaker , remove the white envelope , and drop it on the table -- frank do not spend it all on one girl , huh ? -- so that it land just as frechette arrive , tie tug loose , whiskey in hand . frechette hey , Bob ... frank ( he turn ) hey , Chuck , I do not know you be here . Frank stand to shake hand , but frechette 's eye drop to the white envelope on the table : a slim stack of $ 100 's peek out from within . Roy note frechette 's glance and quickly palm the envelope into he lap . frank ( awkwardly ) ah , Chuck frechette , this be my friend , arden -- Roy shoot Frank a look : no name . Frank shut up . ( continued ) 72 42 . continued : ( 2 ) 72 frechette hiya . Roy nod hello , none- too - pleased , then resume he stare at Frank : get he out of here . frank ( to frechette , confidentially ) say , Chuck , we get a little business to settle up here . you mind if -- frechette get the idea fast : something not-quite - legal be go down here , and he 's not welcome . frechette sure , Bob . I '1l be over at the bar . frank great . thanks . frechette ( to Roy ) Nice meeting you . frechette retreat , curiosity pique . Frank sit back down . frank Fish in a barrel . Roy wait until frechette have return to he barstool and be clandestinely watch and then -- frechette's Pov -- he remove the manila envelope from he coat and hand it to Frank / " Bob " : a trade . back with roy and frank as Frank glance inside Roy 's manila envelope ( fill with british pound ) , Roy glance at frechette , whose attention jerk back to the girl . roy he 's pique . you good to go ? ( continued ) 72 73 74 75 matchstick men - Rev. 7/17/02 43. continued : ( 3 ) 72 frank do the Pope shit in the wood ? roy just say yes , okay ? ( rise ) so long , Bob . frank see you in the morning , arden . Roy leave Frank , ignore frechette on he way out the door . as soon as he 's go , frechette start toward Frank . int . supermarket - at freezer - night 73 Roy pick he way through various carton of ice cream . squint through he fogge glass , then remember he do not need they . at same check - out - night 74 a carton of New York Super fudge chunk make its way down the conveyor to join a few more can of tuna . the check - out woman add a pack of winston to the bunch . check-out woman Big night plan ? roy huh ? oh , it 's not for I . check-out woman right . you have kid overnight ? Roy laugh at the absurdity of this . the check - out woman do not understand , of course , but she laugh with he . int . roy' house - night 75 Roy enter , lock the door behind he . roy Angela ? she sleep atop the couch , arm and leg splay every which way . Roy approach , set down the ice cream , and !--! for the first time in he career as parent -- find a blanket to drape over she . ( continued ) matchstick men - Rev. 7/17/02 44 . 75 continued : 75 angela ( groggily ) Roy ? roy go to sleep . angela how be you meeting ? roy good . I sell a nice piece . Angela smile , half -asleep . he start to go . angela why would Mom leave you ? roy you would have to ask she . angela I do . she do not want to talk about it . call you name . that 's why we get into a fight . Roy smile . touched she stick up for he . angela she say you be a bad guy . you do not seem like a bad guy . roy that 's what make I good at it . he rise , head to he room , and just before he turn off the live room light , Angela roll over under she blanket , eye close , murmure : angela I do not think you be a bad guy . Roy smile , shut the light off . immediately : knock - knock . 76 int . roy' front door - next morning 76 Frank be knock . Roy open the door , squint at the light , careful not to let Frank peer in . ( continued ) 76 77 78 79 matchstick men - Rev. 7/17/02 45 . continued : 76 frank I wish you could have be there . oh , I reele he in -- roy do we have to do this now ? frank I get you money . roy shh-shh -shh . conscious of Angela asleep inside , Roy slide out the door and close it behind he . frank what 's go on ? ( shocked ) you do not have someone in there ? ext . roy' house - day 77 Roy and Frank huddle on the sidewalk , Roy out of door and anxious . Frank return the manila envelope to he . frank the second you leave the place , he be off he barstool . he 's in . oh , man , be he in . he want to meet tonight . Roy glance back at he house . a window shade shift slightly : be Angela spying ? roy push it to tomorrow . lunch . let he greed meet he imagination . int . roy' live room - day 78 Roy return to find he couch empty and the shower water run in the bathroom . he seize the opportunity to sneak both envelope of cash into the ceramic horse . int . roy' kitchen - day 79 Angela , she hair still wet , dig a spoon into the pint of New York Super fudge chunk . Roy , meanwhile , sneak he morning medication down he throat . ( continued ) matchstick men - Rev. 7/17/02 46 . 79 continued : 79 roy you sure I can not give you a ride home ? angela that 's okay . Mom can pick I up . Roy react : the prospect of confront Heather rattles he . angela who be that guy who come by earlier ? roy who ? oh. a business associate . angela what 's he name ? roy Frank . angela how come you do not want he to see I ? roy I do not not want he to see you . ( be : ice cream ) should not you ... eat egg or something ? angela all you have get here be tuna . lot and lot of tuna . and one tv dinner . tv dinner be cool . you should get the tv to go with ‘em . Roy stiffen , piss : someone go snooping . 80 int . roy' live room - day 80 Angela 's on the phone : angela hi ... no ... no ... guess ... ( beat ) what if I be ? so ? he 's my father ... ( more ) ( continued ) 80 81 47 . continued : 80 angela ( cont ' dbeat ) I do not care . I do not care . I will if I want . across the room , Roy grow more distress as Angela grow more petulant . now she quiet down . angela I know . I know . okay , I promise . yes , I promise ! ' bye . she hang up abruptly . roy she mad ? angela at I . not you . Roy look relieved . angela she say she be gonna call the police -- so much for relief . angela -- but now she just want I home in time for summer school . roy when 's that ? angela Monday . roy today 's Thursday . angela that 's okay , be not it ? int . klein' office - day 81 Roy be double over on the couch , he arm sagging down across he leg , head bury between he knee . ( continued ) 81 continued : 48 . 81 dr . klein and one more time , deeply ... ( as Roy breathes in ) hold it -- one , two , three , four ! -- and out . roy you have get stain . dr . klein I beg you pardon ? roy in you carpet . dr . klein you can sit up . ( as Roy do ) be that what you be think about ? stain in my carpet ? roy and that I have a fourteen - year - old girl I barely know live in my house . dr . klein it 's just for the weekend . roy but I have get a -- there 's a big piece come on the market I be broker and -- it 's just not a good time . dr . klein when be it ever a good time for anything ? I realize this be sudden , Roy , and you may feel unprepare , but trust I , they be not so difficult , kid . most of all you have to focus on the basic : make sure they eat they vegetable , don 't stay up too late , and do not watch too much tv . otherwise just try to be as honest and open with they as possible . Roy eye a picture of two little boy atop klein 's desk . roy as honest and open as possible . ( continued ) 81 82 83 84 49 . continued : ( 2 ) 81 dr . klein she 's you daughter , Roy . unless there 's another ex - wife you have not tell I about , she 's the only one you get . ext . roy' house - driveway / garage - day 82 Roy pull home , push a pill from its packet , swallow it dry , he second dose of the day . he get out to find -- ext . roy' house - back yard - day 83 Angela lie by the pool on a beach towel in a bikini and dark glass , read a magazine . angela how would the meeting go ? do it go okay ? confronte by he daughter 's breast , hip and calve , Roy walk straight into the house . angela what 's the matter ? you freaking out about something ? int . supermarket - day 84 squash , broccoli , artichoke , cauliflower , etc . stand behind a cart , Roy stare at they blankly . in the freeze food aisle , Roy read direction on a package of freeze spinach . Angela appear behind he , carry chip , cookie , and a six - pack of beer . roy who 's that for ? angela do not you drink ? roy ( shake he head ) do you ? angela come on . I be fourteen . Roy be not sure which way to take that . 85 86 87 88 89 90 50 . in line for roy' usual check - out woman 85 Roy and Angela wait behind two other shopper . angela the line for that one 's short . roy this one 's better . int . roy' kitchen - night 86 Roy cook . his first attempt in year . he serve . limp spinach and sauceless spaghetti . seat at he breakfast table , neither he nor Angela look too ecstatic about digging in . he surrender . a pizza delivery box take center stage on the breakfast table ; the spinach and pasta lie untouched in the kitchen sink . Angela bite into a slice as Roy fork a fresh can of tuna . int . roy' hallway - morning 87 the morning ritual begin again . Roy , dress , leave he bedroom , close its door behind he , proceed to the bathroom door , open it -- angela ( 0.s. ) just a minute . Roy close it fast . int . kitchen - day 88 Roy clean he coffee mug / wipe down the sink / wait . he 's piss he morning routine have be interrupt . int . roy' hallway - day 89 Angela exit , in a towel , allow Roy to enter -- int . roy' bathroom - day 90 it look like a circus act of seal have come and go . Water everywhere , use towel , underpant hang from a faucet . Roy use a piece of toilet paper to remove they . 91 matchstick men - Rev. 7/17/02 51 . int . steak house - day 91 Roy , bespectacle again , sit at a table with Frank and frechette , who be halfway through lunch . Roy stick with just coffee . roy Bob tell I you be a yachtsman . frechette hardly . just a forty - two footer I take out on weekend . you sail ? roy I get seasick in the tub . frank arden , you sure you do not want something ? roy thanks . I gotta fly in two hour . ( to frechette ) the cast iron stomach again . frechette where you off to ? roy Phoenix . a client 's set up a funding account to bridge the pound and the euro , I have get to hold he hand . ( to pass waitress ) hon : could you heat this up a little , please ? frechette that bad , huh ? roy for some folk , money be a foreign film without subtitles . anyway , to the business at hand . frank to the business at hand . roy I have one rule , Chuck : simple be safe . I be go to tell you as little as possible about I and what I do , but as much as I need to make you comfortable with what we be do . ( continued ) 91 matchstick men - Rev. 7/17/02 51a. continued : ( Al ) 91 frechette what be we do ? Roy remove a manila envelope from he jacket , just as he do at cheetah 's , but reach it under the table to frechette . frechette peek inside : thin stack of hundred pound note . frechette how much be it ? ( continued ) 91 continued : frechette 52 . 91 roy five thousand pound sterling . one of the perk of work in the exchange program at a bank . frechette whose be it ? roy no one 's in particular . justa little money unaccount for , float on top the book like a layer of cream . frank and he just scoops it off . roy it 's a little more complicated than that but again : simple be safe . frechette why not keep the money yourself ? roy as a bank employee any attempt I make to change currency be record and question . Bob have a record . you , on the other hand , no one bat a eye . ( beat ) now I hope you have something for I . nod , remove a envelope from he jacket and reach it under the table . frechette five grand american . Roy check , pocket frechette 's money . roy congratulation . at today 's exchange rate , you just make two thousand -- frechette -- five hundred sixty - seven dollar . I look it up on the Internet . ( continued ) 53 . 91 continued : ( 2 ) 91 frank the frickin' Internet . I still can not figure it out . frechette neither can I . but my daughter 's a wiz at the thing . Roy go off-book . roy you have a daughter ? frechette two . Fifteen and twelve . roy I have a fourteen - year-old . frechette it 's a riot , huh ? train bras hang from you shower rod ... roy «+. and everything smell like gum . ( suddenly have a thousand question to ask frechette ) how do you get ‘em out of the house ? mine just sit at home all day . frechette summer 's the worst . Frank react : what the hell be Roy talk about ? 92 ext . steak house - day 92 at the valet station : frechette lemme ask you something , arden : how much could you do this for ? hypothetically . frank as a rule : we never go north of ten -- ( continued ) 92 93 94 54 . continued : 92 Roy quiet Frank , eye Chuck . roy how much could you get you hand on ? frechette smile . same scene - moment later stiff he valet , frechette drive he mercede away . Frank and Roy watch he go . Frank sigh in relief . frank for a second I think we be out two grand . roy you gotta spend money to make money . frank but you gotta make it to spend it . ( beat ) ' everything smell like gum ? ' what be that about ? Roy hesitates , then : roy it 's easier if I show you . ext . roy' house - day 93 Roy unlock the front door and enter , with Frank behind he . from within : roy Angela ! Angela , I be back ! ( beat ) Angela ? Frank 's here ! ( farther inside ) Angela ? int . roy' live room - day 94 Frank read a fashion magazine from Angela 's bag . ( continued ) 94 95 96 97 55 . continued : 94 roy she 's not here . she must have go back to she mom 's . frank her bag 's still here . where do she usually go ? roy I do not know . I do not know anything about she . frank this be no good for you , Roy . or we . roy it 's get nothing to do with we . ext . roy' house - back yard - night 95 Roy can be see through the blind , watch the pool , turn its light on and off . int . roy' live room - night 96 a ashtray overflow on the coffee table . Roy wait on the couch and light a fresh one . he check he watch : it 's late . a dull thunk come from the back of the house . int . second bedroom - night 97 as Roy open the door : Angela be brush off she jeans . the window be open . roy where have you be ? angela nowhere . roy I have be wait over a hour . where do you go ? angela I go to the arcade . it 's only like a half - mile away . ( continued ) matchstick men - Rev. 7/17/02 56 . 97 continued : 97 he move to the window , shut it . angela it 's stuffy in here . this whole house smell like lysol . roy where the hell be you ? I want to know right now or I be call you mother . angela I tell you , the arcade -- roy why would you sneak back in ? angela that 's how I leave . I do not have key to lock the door . roy you do not see my car ? Roy squat to pluck up speck of dirt Angela track in . angela jeez , you be worse than Mom . roy listen , Angela : I be glad we meet , but I have get a business , a partner , and I have get thing a certain way , and that 's it . sol think it would be better , for you most of all , if tomorrow morning I take you back home . Roy brushes the dirt into a trash can . angela what do I do wrong ? roy you do not do anything wrong . angela I just go out . I do not drink , I do not get high , and I do not take any money out of you stupid horse . ( as Roy go white ) so , what , you never hear of a bank ? 98 99 57 . int . roy' live room - night 98 Roy slide the head off he ceramic horse , check he - 38 , then start pull out wad of cash . as he count it , footstep march down the hall , punctuate by the front door slamming . Roy look up . should he go after she ? he turn back to he money : it look all there . ext . roy' STREET - night 99 Angela stalk away from Roy 's house , book bag and skateboard in hand . Roy emerge far behind she and run to catch she . she , meanwhile , mount she board . roy Angela ! I be not kick you out . angela I do not want to stay where I be not want . roy it 's not that I do not want you . angela fool I . roy will you stop ? he catch she . angela let I go . ( as he do ) you just do not want I go home to Mom say she be right all along . you be like one of she boyfriend : I be just something you have to deal with in order to screw she . roy Angela ... angela ( much too loudly ) even they tell I what they do for a live . oh , yeah , antique dealer always keep large stack of cash in they home . right next to they gun ... ( continued ) matchstick men - Rev. 7/17/02 58. 99 continued : 99 Roy shush she , but he know : she 's get he . roy okay , okay . I be sorry . I be just ... not good at be a father , alright ? you know ? I barely get by as I . Roy take he hand out of he coat pocket to wipe a tear off she cheek . she recoil . roy will you come back home with I ? we can get pizza again . she will not budge . roy you can stay the whole weekend if you want . she will not budge . Roy do not know what else to offer but : angela why do you have a gun ? roy in case . angela in case what ? Roy be stick . he sigh , resign . roy it 's a little hard to explain . 100 int . roy' kitchen - night 100 Angela and Roy face off over another pizza . angela bullshit . roy nope . no bullshit . and watch you language at the table . angela you be a con man ? ( continued ) matchstick men - Rev. 7/17/02 58a. 100 continued : 100 roy con artist . flim -flam man , matchstick man , take you pick . angela and that guy Frank ? roy my partner . my protege . ( continued ) 100 continued : 59 . 100 she consider it . a beat . angela bullshit . roy I tell you : watch you goddamn language . angela teach I something . roy what ? angela teach I something . a con . roy you be funny . angela teach I something . roy I be not go to teach you anything . angela why not ? roy because . you be a beautiful , bright , innocent girl , and I be not go to screw that up like everything else . angela really , you think that ? roy what ? angela that I be beautiful ? roy ( deadpan ) no . ( continued ) 60 . 100 continued : ( 2 ) 100 angela then why will not you ?! ( mockingly ) because crime do not pay ? roy no . it do pay . just not very well . angela you seem to be do okay by it . Roy stop . roy I be not . believe I . it 's not fun do what I do . a lot of the time it 's steal from people who do not deserve it . Old people . fat people . a lot of the time I feel sick about it . angela ( call he bluff ) then why do you keep do it ? Roy have no answer . 101 int . roy' bathroom - night 101 as Roy brushes he tooth , Angela sit atop the toilet . angela I be not as innocent as you think . I have do stuff with boy . I have do stuff , if I tell you , you would probably throw up right here . roy then do not tell I . angela teach I something ! roy no ! final ! angela at the Christmas dance last year , I go with this boy , josh Ward , he 's cute and I really really like he ... ( continued ) 101 102 61 . continued : 101 roy I be not listen . angela after the dance , at carrie 's , we go upstairs , and he push I up against the bed ... roy I be not listen . angela and he take he hand ... roy one thing ! I '11 show you one thing ! she nearly jump for joy . kiss he on the cheek , get toothpaste on she face , then skip down the hall . roy and then you be never gonna do it again . you be gonna forget it . agreed ? but she 's already frolick into the live room . int . roy' caprice - day 102 cruise down the freeway . Angela bring a notebook out of she backpack full of laundry . angela where we go ? roy rule number one . never work near where you live . angela ( write ) ' do not ... shit ... where ... you ... 's roy ( grab , throw notebook ) rule number two . do not write anything down . 103 104 ext . 7 - eleven - day Roy exit the caprice , enter the 7 - eleven . Angela follow . roy stay in the car . ( as she still follow ) stay in the car . she still follow . Roy give up . int . 7 - eleven - day 62. 103 104 Roy mark a lottery ticket as Angela watch : four of the five number -- 6 , 18 , 22 , 49 , 60 -- which ( a prominent sign display ) win the day before . to the cashier : roy I want to play this for the draw on the twenty - second . cashier you know the odd of the lottery hit the same number in the same month , the same number ever ? roy that 's why I change one . cashier you be waste you dollar . angela you he financial advisor ? cashier no . angela no . you be a cashier at a 7 - eleven . take he dollar and give hima ticket for the twenty - second . the cashier hop to it . Roy consider Angela , amused . roy you sure you be ready for this ? angela I be bear ready . roy I be glad I miss that day . 105 106 63 . int . roy' caprice 105 Roy crumple up he lottery ticket , roll it in he hand , scratch hard at it with he fingernail . Angela , sip on a Big gulp , take it from he . angela I have get longer nail . Roy watch she scratch away with all she might . roy just the ... right. ( beat ) okay . most important thing you have to understand about this game be : ninety percent of it be variable . no matter how good you plan be , you almost always get throw a curveball . so you have to be flexible , prepare to roll with anything . the one thing you can control , though , be who you mark be . that 's you ten percent . ext . laundromat - day 106 Angela enter , backpack on she arm . she case the joint . a single man , black , sit read tolstoy . roy ( v.o. ) never play someone who 's not buy what you be sell . what you be sell be you . a elderly couple separate white and color . roy ( v.o. ) the older the better , but beware of couple . you do not want anyone whisper in you mark 's ear but you . a boy in he teens return she interest . roy ( v.o. ) and , for God 's sake , make sure the person you be con be not con you . Angela give he a get -lost look , then turn to a middle - age housewife load three machine . Angela approach . ( continued ) 106 107 64 . continued : 106 angela ( be : washer beside she ) that take ? housewife no. angela sure you do not need it ? you have get a lot . housewife this be nothing . you oughta catch I during Little League season . Three boy . angela any of ‘em cute ? the housewife smile , and Angela smile back : she have she mark . she set she bag down , stealthily plant the lottery ticket beneath it . same scene - later 107 Angela and the housewife transfer they laundry to dryer . her dryer housewife Simon 's about you age , but you would never guess ; he 's so hyper . you know , girl really do mature much faster than boy . angela that 's what I keep tell my brother . housewife they do not go to fremont , do they ? angela Central . full , Angela pick up she backpack to go . angela I be gonna get a Coke across the street . do you want anything ? ( continued ) 107 65 . continued : 107 housewife no thanks , honey . Angela start off , and the housewife notice the lottery ticket leave behind . housewife honey , you drop something . she hold it for she to see . angela it 's not mine . housewife you sure ? angela gotta be eighteen to play . housewife huh . look like someone put it through the wash by accident . it 's for yesterday 's draw . that say the second , do not you think ? Angela inspect it , too : thanks to she and Roy 's handiwork , the date look like the second , not the twenty - second . angela probably a loser . the housewife nod , and Angela continue on she way . but on second think : housewife we should at least see if it hit . across laundry a man read a newspaper . the housewife approach with Angela . housewife Excuse I , sir ? could we borrow you paper a sec ? we be look for lottery result . the newspaper drop . the man be Roy . ( continued ) 107 66 . continued : ( 2 ) 107 roy sure . I think it 's Metro ... Roy hand she the section . the housewife open it , pass Angela the ticket . Roy rise to feed a dryer ( whose clothes be inside be anybody 's guess ) . housewife ready ? six , eighteen , thirty , forty - nine , sixty . angela wait , wait . six , eighteen , what ? housewife thirty , forty - nine , sixty . angela thirty ? you be sure ? ( as housewife nod ) miss by one . housewife you be joke . angela look ! housewife you mean we miss by one number -- ? she look -- it 's true ! they laugh , a little breathless , a little crestfallen . then , it 's back to the wash . housewife Story of my life . angela mine , too . roy ( as he return ) any luck ? angela four out of five , can you believe it ? roy four out of five pay , you know . ( continued ) 107 108 67 . continued : ( 3 ) 107 Angela and the housewife share a look , astonished . housewife it do ? roy call the number on the ticket . ext . laundromat - day 108 the housewife 's on a pay phone . Angela hover nearby . housewife ( into phone ) uh-huh , uh-huh . thank you very much . she hang up . angela what would they say ? housewife ( face erupting ) we win six hundred dollar ! angela Holy -- she cup she mouth : oop . housewife -- shit ! six hundred dollar ! angela Holy shit ! Roy watch from inside as they laugh and hug . housewife the woman on the phone say we just have to take it in for verification . and then they will mail I a check . ( quickly ) I will give you half , sweetie , do not worry . angela you do not have to ... ( continued ) 108 109 110 111 68 . continued : 108 housewife no , no , we be fifty - fifty in this . in fact , we should call you mom and we can all go down there together . Angela pull back . angela she work . pretty late . housewife how ' bout you dad ? angela ( ashamed ) he -- he do not live with we anymore . you know , it 's okay . I be suppose to be home anyway . housewife no , no , no . we be in this fifty - fifty . the housewife stop to think -- what to do ? then she turn to see a bank ATM across the street . ext . bank ATM - security camera Pov 109 the housewife use the ATM ; Angela 's foot be barely in frame behind she . Angela very consciously keep out of the camera' range . ext . across STREET 110 Roy watch from inside he caprice . roy good girl , watch the camera . at ATM 111 the housewife hand Angela three crisp $ 100s . housewife that 's three hundred . do not spend it all at the coin-op . and hide it when you get home . do not let that brother of yours anywhere near it . ( continued ) matchstick men - Rev. 7/17/02 69 . 111 continued : 111 angela ( touch ) thank you . housewife thank you , sweetie . they hug again . 112 ext . laundromat 112 Angela exit with she backpack full of laundry , wave goodbye once more to the housewife , then round a corner to find Roy wait for she , out of sight . angela do I do good ? roy you do very good . she leap in the air . angela Mom be wrong : I do not just get you elbow . roy one last thing ... angela uh-huh ? roy go give she she money back . angela what ?! roy I tell you I would teach you acon , I do not say I would let you get away with it . angela c'mon ! you be joke . roy ( shake he head ) now . ( continued ) matchstick men - Rev. 7/17/02 70 . 112 continued : 112 angela ( can not believe it ) this be so ... Roy point : go . petulantly , Angela stalk back inside . Roy watch through a glass wall as she hand the money back to the housewife , utterly befuddle . 113 int . caprice - day 113 driving Angela home . roy I have one question for you . and I want you to think before answer . ( as she nod okay ) do you feel better when you take she money , or when you give it back ? ( before she answer ) think first . Angela think . angela I think we be partner . roy I be not you partner . I be you father . Angela put she foot up on the dash . Roy do not mind . roy ( v.o. ) it 's strange . two week ago this be ancient history . now suddenly I have a daughter . 114 int . dr . klein' office - day 114 roy and I be not ... scared shitless . that 's good , be not it ? dr . klein it 's however you feel about it , Roy . ( more ) ( continued ) matchstick men - Rev. 7/17/02 71 . 114 continued : 114 dr . klein ( cont ' dbeat ) yes . it 's wonderful . do not take this too literally , but you have be close door for a long time . it 's good to see you start open some again . Roy look a little worried . dr . klein what ? roy I -- I take Angela along over the weekend , sell a piece . sometimes in my business you have to create a value in something which really be not there . what some people call sale , other people call ... dr . klein lying . roy I do not know how Angela would go for that . but she take right to it . she even help out , this fourteen - year- old girl , work this people with I . dr . klein do you regret it ? expose she to that ? her see that side of you ? roy ( moment of truth ) I really like it . it be the best time we have have together . 115 int . roy' kitchen - night 115 Roy open he refrigerator door . Inside be grease - stain pizza carton and chinese food carton . he close it , consider the room around he . it 's cluttere with fashion magazine , empty soda can , a real mess . and it 's very quiet , for the first time in a while . and lonely . 116 117 118 matchstick men - Rev. 7/17/02 72. ext . supermarket - day 116 can of tuna again . but also some fresh vegetable , freeze pizza , and tv dinner . check-out woman where 's that cute little girl of yours ? roy she go home to she mom 's . summer school . check-out woman she 's a cute one . must be lonesome without she . Roy consider she as she bag he grocery . roy I will see you tomorrow . ( hesitates , then ) it 's Kathy , right ? ( off she nod ) I be Roy . kathy ( check - out woman ) hi , Roy . they shake . two people meeting after see each other every day for month . int . airport terminal - day 117 Roy walk through the terminal . int . terminal lounge - day 118 before noon , the place be mostly desert . one or two layover at the bar and a custodian vacuume the floor . Roy and Frank case the place . Roy , a standard - size black briefcase beside he , withdraw a cigarette ; Frank bum one from he . frank he say he want to fly the money straight to the cayman . afraid he might get rob . roy as if someone would do that . when 's he flight ? ( continued ) 118 119 120 matchstick men - Rev. 7/17/02 72a. continued : 118 frank Friday . ( beat ) where do you think ? Roy point at ... leather banquette Roy sit face the bar , against a wall , the standard - size black briefcase beside he . roy you plant this before the meet . and keep the table free . I be here , you sit he there , back to the bar . otherwise we blow it off . frank who 's the drunk gonna be ? roy Ernie . frank typecast . roy what do you expect for fifty buck ? Frank scan the place once more , a little nervous . frank there 's only one problem . ( as Roy wait : what ? ) I think I be in love with you . Frank let out a whoop ! he 's go to be rich . same scene - later 119 Roy stand alone in the middle of the lounge , look from table to bar , then to all the wall . running the plan over in he head . ext . school - day 120 summer school let out . Roy scour the young teens flooding from the school from he caprice across the street . ( continued ) 120 matchstick men - Rev. 7/17/02 72b. continued : ( Al ) 120 angela perv. she 's snuck up behind he . he smile . roy in the car . she get in , look at he , grin . roy what would you like to do today , little girl ? angela Mom say I have to be back by dinner . ( continued ) 120 121 73 . continued : 120 roy you will be back by dinner . what would you like to do ? she grin even wider . Roy blanch dramatically : uh-oh . int . bowling alley 121 uh-oh be right . Angela lift a bowl ball up to she eye , then let it rip down a alley -- crash ! meanwhile , Roy clean he ball meticulously with he handkerchief -- even the finger hole . it 's he turn to bowl now and , with a swallow for courage , he plunge he finger into the ball to pick it up . Angela pass he on the way back to she seat . angela I own you . Roy glare at she , then step up to the alley . concentrate . approach and release he first roll . gutter ball . keeping he chin high , he retreat to the ball return . angela ( approach he gently ) dad . the first thing you have to understand about this game be : ninety - percent of it be knock down at least one pin . he grab at she , and she scream with laughter . and just then -- beep beep beep -- it 's Roy 's pager go off . he check it , sigh . angela you want I to bowl for you ? at pay phone Roy think about wiping the receiver down , but he handkerchief have already go dirtier place . over the music and crashing pin , he yell : ( continued ) 121 a122 b122 122 matchstick men - Rev. 7/17/02 74 . continued : 121 roy it 's I , what be it ? ( beat ) what ?! I think it be not ' till Friday ! ( beat ) well , tell he -- Roy 's face fall . Angela , bowl in the distance , roll a strike and leap in the air . int . franks mustang - day a122 Frank 's on a cellular headset , rub he temple , stress . frank I know , I know , he bump it up . he say he will not be back for a month . ( beat ) I do not want to lose he , Roy . int . bowling alley b122 now Roy 's stress , too . roy there 's no time . I gotta get the money , change , get Ernie ... what time 's he flight ? Roy 's face fall . Angela , bowl in the distance , roll a strike and leap in the air . ext . bowling alley - day 122 Roy exit , in a rush , and Angela trudge out behind , piss . roy I be sorry . it just come up . I gotta take you home . angela ( it 's not ) it 's okay . ( continued ) matchstick men - Rev. 7/17/02 75 . 122 continued : 122 roy I can not , uh , I just can not -- ( look at watch ) I can not do this . there 's no time . I can not even take you home . angela ( play the victim ) you want I to take the bus ? roy no. shit ! he do not know what to do . angela be it a job ? Roy nod . angela ( timidly ) can I help ? Roy consider she , think , then : roy yes. angela ( excitedly ) really ? Roy nod , unhappily . angela what do I get to do ? Roy think . be this the worst idea he 's ever have ? roy shit! 123 ext . first federal bank - lobby entrance 123 Roy , with standard - size black briefcase , enter with Angela . angela I think you keep all you money in the horse . ( continued ) matchstick men - Rev. 7/17/02 76 . 123 continued : 123 roy that 's just my piggy bank . wait here . he head downstairs . she follow , as usual . 124 int . first federal bank - vault anteroom 124 Roy and Angela approach the clerk . roy I would like access to my safe deposit box . j-215 . clerk ( offer form ) signature and pass code , please . Roy start to fill it out . cover the pass code from Angela 's pry eye . in whisper : angela why can not I see ? roy ' Cause it 's a secret . angela then why do he get to ? Roy think . to the clerk : roy can I add a access signature to my account . the clerk nod , put forth another form . Roy push it toward Angela . clerk sign here and here . roy do it . she do . back to whisper : angela so , what , now I can get into the whatever -it-is ? roy no . you do not have the pass code . ( continued ) matchstick men - Rev. 7/17/02 76a . 124 continued : 124 angela when do I get that ? roy when I be dead . angela ( forlorn ) oh. roy do not weep for I too much . now wait here . I mean it . 125 int . private viewing room 125 Roy open he deposit box . Inside be bound , neat stack of hundred dollar bill and hundred - pound note , pile atop a fist-high ream of bond . he start pick up stack of cash and place they in the black briefcase . he close the case , feel its weight . then , to the guard around the corner : roy hey : you get today 's Times ? 126 ext . first federal bank - parking lot Roy exit with Angela . angela how much be in there ? roy ( be : briefcase ) I tell you . angela ( be : bank ) no , in there . Three hundred thousand ? he just smile : not tell . angela five hundred thousand ? a million ? he shrug . Angela be flabbergasted . angela how do you -- roy I have be do this a long time . angela why be not you -- why do not you go live in Hawaii ? why do not you buy Hawaii ? roy I tell you : I do not like the outdoors . 127 int . caprice ( airport parking lot ) Roy put on he arden glass . roy this still make I look old ? angela Old and rich . Roy check he watch . he 's really not certain about this . 77 . 126 127 ( continued ) matchstick men - Rev. 7/17/02 78 . 127 continued : 127 roy you know what to do ? ( off she nod ) you keep real far away from we . anything seem off , you get outta there . you see I tug my tie like this , you get outta there . he give she two hundred from he wallet . roy take this . just in case . angela stop worry about I . I be barely even do anything . he give the whole plan one more think . shake he head . she look at he with puppy eye . roy what ? angela please , can I have the pass code ? he have to laugh . 128 int . terminal lounge 128 Roy enter , carry the black briefcase , and immediately he spot a problem : Frank sit in the banquette seat Roy should have . Roy continue he approach , clasp he back now and wince . Frank and frechette greet he . frank arden , you okay ? roy my back . strain it last night . frank I tell you : you should do yoga . roy ( a joke ) I be do yoga . you mind if I sit there . the high back help . ( continued ) 128 matchstick men - Rev. 7/17/02 79 . continued : 128 Frank and Roy change seat , Roy sneaking a reproachful glance Frank 's way : nice fuck job . as he sit , with difficulty : roy how be both of you ? across the lounge , Angela peek out from behind a partition to watch Roy , Frank and Chuck . a waitress deliver Roy a club soda and depart . frank so : who go first ? Roy and frechette face off : who will make the first move ? roy I suppose lady do . the Queen before Ben Franklin . Roy lift he black briefcase onto a empty chair between they and crack it open just enough for frechette to see : a newspaper . frechette pries underneath : wall - to-wall british pound inside . frechette that 's eighty thousand ? it look like less than I think . roy it always do . frechette reach in to flip through a stack of bill : they be all real . frechette sorry . have to check . roy as long as you do not mind . Roy close the case and set it down on the floor by he foot . meanwhile , frechette replace it with a gym bag . as he unzip it , Roy steal a glance at the lounge entrance : Angela be enter . frechette go ahead . do you worst . ( continued ) 128 matchstick men - Rev. 7/17/02 80 . continued : ( 2 ) 128 Roy explore the gym bag : it 's load with stack of hundred dollar bill . roy ( to Frank ) you count it ? Frank nod . a pregnant pause . then : roy it look like we have a trade . frank God bless America . frechette land that I love . Roy salute he with he soda , and Frank and frechette raise they scotch to toast -- roy enjoy the cayman . do not get too much sun . frank you kid ? he 's go there for the shelter . suddenly , from the bar : angela ( 0.s. ) oh , come on ! I be twenty - one ! Roy peer up and Frank and frechette turn to look : Angela be scream at the lounge bartender . angela my i.d. be in my luggage ! my plane do not leave for thirty minute ! can not I get a goddamn beer ?! the bartender caution she and she grab a tumbler -- angela you touch I , I will break every glass in this place . -- then hurl the glass down at the floor , shatter it , draw every eye , include frechette 's , and that 's when Roy pull the switch : the briefcase stow beneath the banquette for the identical one by he foot . lightn fast . ( continued ) 128 matchstick men - Rev. 7/17/02 81 . continued : ( 3 ) 128 angela hey , you ! Airport bartender ! Angela back out of the lounge , arm raise , give the finger with both hand to the bartender . and she 's go . frechette turn back , none the wiser . Frank know , of course -- Angela 's tantrum be part of the act -- and he look at Roy incredulously . frechette hope she be not on my flight . speak of which : it 's about that time . who go first ? roy you do . just get up and take you new briefcase with you . when I leave , I will take my new gym bag . frechette simple be safe . Roy nod to he wisdom , then push the briefcase at he foot across to frechette . frechette pick it up , bid Frank and Roy farewell -- frechette guy . let 's do it again some time . roy have a safe flight . -- and depart . Roy and Frank watch he go . frank ( under he breath ) what the hell be that ? roy go with he . frank that be not -- roy walk he to the plane . frank they will not let I past the security check . ( continued ) 128 129 a130 130 matchstick men - Rev. 7/17/02 82 . continued : ( 4 ) 128 roy then walk he to the security check . Frank follow Roy 's order and chase after frechette . Roy reach under the banquette and grab the briefcase there . a bag in one hand , the case in the other , he take off in the opposite direction . ext . airport terminal - day 129 Roy exit briskly , crossing to the parking garage . ext . parking garage - day a130 Roy emerge from a stairwell and Angela leap from behind a pillar to surprise he . angela boo ! Roy keep walk , despite a minor cardiac , all business as Angela bounce around he . angela do you see that old chick at the bar ? with all the makeup ? she almost die when I throw that glass . roy I see she . angela what happen on we end ? you take he ? he nod . angela the whole eighty ? Roy nod . Angela bounce higher , sing : angela ' my dad 's a smooth operator ! smooth operator ! 's int . caprice / int . parking garage - day 130 as Roy pull out of he spot : ( continued ) 130 matchstick men - Rev. 7/17/02 83 . continued : 130 angela dad , I think about it : we should give the money back . I would feel better . he look at she , and she smile : just joke . he 's not in the mood . angela do I get a cut ? roy you can ask Frank for he . Roy stop behind a minivan pull out of a spot , and he turn to see : -- the stairwell door fly open and frechette appear , ina fury , suitcase open and empty , look this way and that . he spot Roy instantly and start toward he . Roy punch the gas , around the minivan and away . angela ( oblivious to frechette ) dad ?! Roy race down level of parking lot as frechette chase on foot . with a fair lead , the caprice come to four gated exit lane , two car in the three of they , one car in the fourth . Roy choose that one . angela ( frighten now ) dad ? roy Roll up you window ! now ! get down on the floor ! Angela do as she 's tell . his money ready , Roy wait for the car ahead of he to pass through , but the attendant seem to be take forever to make change . meanwhile , the other lane be clear up quickly . Roy consider back up and choose another exit , but the minivan he pass now hover behind he . he 's trap . and frechette appear in he sideview mirror , hustling toward he . at last , Roy pull up to the parking attendant , thrust he money at she , then bark : roy open the gate , please . ( continued ) 130 matchstick men - Rev. 7/17/02 83a . continued : ( 2 ) 130 attendant do you need a receipt -- roy no ! please open the gate . the gate come up , but too late . frechette be upon they , on Angela 's side , yanking on the door , rabid . angela dad ! Roy hit the gas , and the caprice slap the gate as it rise , but before they be clear , frechette get a clean look at Angela hover below the seat . roy ( slamm steering wheel ) dammit ! angela be we okay ? Roy look down to she , ball up , shaking with fear . he have no one to blame for this but himself . 131 132 133 84 . ext . dodger stadium parking lot - day 131 the dodger be away , leave acre of parking spot unused . Los Angeles loom in the distance . Frank pace beside he car and chain smoke as Roy 's caprice pull up . Frank step up to see Roy glower at he . frank what ? no reply . Roy just seethes . angela hiya , Frank . frank ( at a loss ) hiya . ( back to glower Roy ) what ?! roy ( to Angela ) stay in the car . angela but I want to -- roy stay in the car ! Roy get out , slam the door , then reopen it , turn the radio on to a earsplitting volume , slam the door again . int . caprice - continuous action 132 Angela can not hear anything but music as Roy tear Frank a new one . ext . dodger stadium parking lot - continuous action 133 roy I say ' walk he to the plane . ' do you walk he to the plane ? frank I tell you : security . they do not let you to the gate without a ticket -- ( continued ) 133 continued : 85 . 133 roy do you see he go through security ? frank yes ! roy do you wait ' till the plane leave the gate ? frank you tell I to walk he there , I walk he there . roy Frank , my daughter be there today ! Frank look away , chasten . say something half under he breath . roy what ? frank I be not the one who pimp she into the grift . and do not tell I I be the one who put she at risk . she put we at risk . roy how ? frank what if he go to the cop ? roy he will not . they never do . frank what if he do ? roy then he would have to explain what he be do with eighty grand and a ticket to the cayman . ( beat ) we be not on the book . we be safe . ( continued ) 133 134 86 . continued : ( 2 ) 133 frank I know we be . what about she ? roy Angela 's never be arrest -- frank you do not know that . you do not know that ! what if Chuck go to the cop ? Roy turn : Angela watch from inside the car . he open the door . roy turn it off . she do . Frank leer at Roy : ask she . roy tell he , Angela , and let 's get this over with . tell he you be clean . ( beat ) you have never be arrest , have you ? Angela look from Roy to Frank to Roy again . then blushes . and bite she lip . frank terrific . ext . dodger stadium parking lot - day 134 Roy hand Frank frechette 's bag of money , and Frank start toward he car , and the young man take off . Roy lean against he hood as Angela remain in she seat . angela I would have tell you , but it never come up . Roy give she the silent treatment a moment , then : roy you be fourteen ! when do you have time to get arrest ? angela I forget to pay for a pack of gum once , that 's it . ( continued ) 134 135 136 137 138 87 . continued : 134 roy ( disbelief ) they call the cop on you for a pack of gum . angela and some other stuff . I mighta put up a fuss when security -- roy Angela ... angela the guard be grop I . he be grab at my chest , what be I suppose to do ? roy how long ago ? angela last year . roy and they photograph you ? they print you ? Angela nod and bow she head penitently . Roy , he hand slowly return to he coat pocket , take a stroll , super-pissed . ext . street - caprice - moving - night 135 int . roy' caprice - moving - night 136 Roy drive , brow knit , think . Angela sneak a glance at he , know enough not to speak . ext . heather be block - night 137 Roy 's caprice pull to a stop , Heather 's house in the distance . int . caprice 138 Roy look straight ahead , arctic . Angela try to thaw he . ( continued ) 138 88 . continued : 138 angela you know , I have all of August off . I be think maybe I could come stay with you . he say nothing . angela or we could take a trip even . oh , and in September be father 's visit day at school . it 's kind of lame , but I think maybe ... silence . then : roy I be gonna be go for the next couple month . Frank and I have some out - of-town work . she nod , hurt but try to conceal it . tear form regardless . angela when do you think you will be back ? roy I do not know . angela maybe when you get back -- roy ( kill hope ) you be get in the way . okay ? I think maybe it could work out , but it can not . Frank and I be partner . he want you go , you be go . Angela 's lip tremble and tear faucet down she cheek . angela be it , do I -- Roy keep stare straight ahead . Angela cry , elbow in she hand , arm clutching she gut . angela I be sorry ... I do not mean to ... Roy , torture , can not look at she . ( continued ) 138 matchstick men - Rev. 7/17/02 89 . continued : ( 2 ) 138 angela can we at least talk on the phone ? Roy say nothing . she weep openly . Roy shrink as he see a woman drag trash barrel to the curb . mid - thirty , a fade beauty . heather . he watch with curiosity . roy you wanna know why you mom leave I ? she leave I because of you . so you would not grow up with I as you dad . ( beat ) I be a bad guy . Roy can not stand this anymore . he lean over she and open the passenger door . roy c'mon . you mom will be wait . Angela wipe tear away . anger supplanting grief . she dig into she backpack , withdraw a object wrap in a " LA airport gift shop " bag , set it on the dash . roy what 's that ? angela I get it for you at the airport . ( beat ) I pay for it . she start out of the car , but Roy do not want to let she go angry . roy ange -- she spin on he , furious , tear stream . angela why do you even call I ?! why do you ? Roy have no answer . angela you be not a bad guy , you know . you be just not a very good one . ( continued ) 138 matchstick men - Rev. 7/17/02 b9a . continued : ( 3 ) 138 she slam the door behind she . the interior light fade on Roy . he unwrap the gift shop bag : it 's a " I Love LA " ashtray . fade out . 139 140 141 90 . fade in : int . roy' live room 139 Dark . roy' on the couch , arm throw over he eye . Hair unkempt , unshaven , wear clothes for the third day in a row , the room around he a pigsty . Roy have let the place and himself go . the phone ring . and ring . and ring . at last , Roy pick it up . roy hello . frank ( v.o. ) Roy ? you alright ? roy yeah . frank ( v.o. ) you hungry ? he discard a empty can of tuna from the couch . roy no . frank ( v.o. ) you wanna meet ? we still get Chuck 's money to split . roy what time be it ? frank ( v.o. ) almost three . roy hold on a sec . he hang up . do not move . int . roy' kitchen 140 also a mess . Roy rinse out a dirty coffee cup . fill it with water . watch it overflow . reaches up to a cupboard for he pill . they be not there . Roy furrow he brow . int . roy' bedroom 141 Roy look inside he bedside table . look around it . they be not here either . 142 143 91 . int . roy' bathroom 142 he scour he medicine cabinet , then inspect the waste basket , look beneath the sink . the only thing here be one of Angela 's barrettes . int . roy' house 143 he push and backtrack through room , check coat pocket in wardrobe , look everywhere for he pill as he speak on he portable phone : phone voice ( v.o. ) Medical group . roy Doctor klein , please . phone voice ( v.o. ) I be sorry , Dr. klein be unavailable . Dr. wiley be on call , if you would like to -- roy I gotta talk to klein . be there a way of get hold of he ? phone voice ( v.o. ) Dr. klein have go for the weekend . roy where would he go ? look , look : I need a new thing of pill . be you there at the office now ? Roy 's phone beeps . he check it . roy shit , my phone 's die . phone voice ( v.o. ) Sir , if this be a emergency , I recommend you contact a local hospital -- -- beep -- roy listen : can you let I in he office -- ( continued ) 143 144 145 146 147 92 . continued : 143 phone voice ( v.o. ) -- sir , I can not -- -- beep -- roy -- I know where he keep they , or gimme klein 's home phone -- phone voice ( v.o . ) -- Dr. wiley be on call -- -- beep -- roy -- I need to talk to klein -- the phone die -- roy shit ! -- and he hurl it against a wall . int . roy' kitchen 144 Roy go through the trash beneath he sink . ext . roy' driveway - day 145 Roy at rock -bottom . he dig though he trash bin , then upend it . can and can of Chicken -of - the - Sea rattle on the pavement . but no pill . int . roy' caprice - day 146 Roy press he cheek against the floor mat of he car . he peer beneath the driver 's seat , then reach in and pat the floor , recover -- -- one empty foil packet . ext . busy avenue - day 147 the caprice swerve into traffic . nearly force several car off the road . surge ahead . 148 93 . int . pharmacy - day 148 locate in the rear of a discount drugstore . five people stand on line for the white - coat , white - haire pharmacist . Roy join the back of the line , wild - eye , wild - haire , impatient . roy c'mon , c'mon . a few customer look back at Roy . he stare they glance away . soon he can wait no longer . he push to the front of the line , empty packet in hand . roy hi , I need a refill of this . I do not have a prescription , but -- pharmacist Sir , please , wait you turn -- roy I know , but this be a emergency !-- man in line hey , buddy : ever hear of a line ? roy ( turn ) ever be drag onto the sidewalk and beat till you piss blood ? that decide it : nobody 's screwing with Roy . the pharmacist scan the horizon for security , do not see anyone . roy please . I need a refill . pharmacist do you have a prescription ? roy my shrink , my doctor , he give I this . they be sample of -- I can not remember -- prefex - something . pharmacist I be sorry . without a prescription !-- ( continued ) 148 149 94 . continued : 148 roy look : I have the packet -- pharmacist I can not help you , sir . roy -- so I be clearly allow to have they . I just need four or five of this to cover the weekend . pharmacist ( resign ) let I see it . the pharmacist take the empty packet from roy. Studies it . hand it back . pharmacist that be vitamin . roy what ? pharmacist that packet contain vitamin . roy no . my doctor give it to I . prefex ... pharmacist they be vitamin , sir . supplifen . aisle four . Roy stand there , incredulous , infuriate . in aisle four , he rip open a box of supplifen to find the replica of the packet he be give . he crush it . ext . klein' office - next monday 149 klein exit he sedan . fumble for he office key , he approach the front door when Roy appear in the breezeway behind he , shoulder heaving , threaten . klein gasp , startle , then : dr . klein Roy ? I be not suppose to see you ' till -- ( continued ) 149 150 95 . continued : 149 roy vitamin . you give I goddamn vitamin . klein appraise Roy : he be not to be trifle with right now . int . klein' office 150 klein enter with Roy , turn on a light . dr . klein would you like to sit ? roy I be sit . a beat . dr . klein Roy : why do you think you need medication ? roy you be not ask question yet . first you answer : do you give I vitamin ? dr . klein yes . roy why ? dr . klein because you do not need medication . roy look at I . I be a mess . dr . klein agreed . but you be not a mess last week , and you be not on prefexall then either . ( beat ) I have news for you , Roy . you neurosis be small - time . you conscience be another story . ( before Roy retort ) let I ask a question . do what you do make you happy ? ( continued ) 150 continued : a beat . 96 . 150 roy do not change the subject . dr . klein this be the subject . what would you do if you have to change career ? roy if I could not be a antique broker ? dr . klein if you could not be a criminal . ( beat ) this be a 17th century williamsburg ottoman I have have my foot on for the last two month , Roy . I have have computer programmer tell I what a nice piece it be . roy I be not a criminal . I 'ma con man . dr . klein the difference be ? roy they give I they money . dr . klein that 's a nice rationalization , Roy . roy I never take anybody who do not let I out of greed or weakness . I have never use violence . dr . klein would you say then you set a example in you trade ? roy sure . ( continued ) matchstick men - Rev. 7/17/02 97 . 150 continued : ( 2 ) 150 dr . klein but now you have to set a example for someone else . ( beat ) how be she ? roy ( beat ) Angela ? fine. ( as klein wait he out ) she want back to she mom 's . dr . klein have you speak to she ? ( as Roy shake he head ) why not ? roy do we have to talk about this ? dr . klein why have not you speak ? roy ( a beat ) because she hate I . dr . klein why do you think she hate you ? Roy 's face crumble , and everything pour out : roy because I -- because I -- oh , Christ , Doc ! I lose my little girl ! I lose my little girl ! dissolve to : 151 ext . roy and franks office - day 151 152 int . roy and franks office - day 152 Frank consider what Roy have tell he . ( continued ) 152 153 154 155 98 . continued : 152 frank when ? roy as of now . Roy wait for Frank 's reaction : be he piss ? frank ( he 's not ) you gotta do what you gotta do . I be sorry to lose you . ( beat ) you want you forty ge ? roy consider it a parting gift . frank we should part more often . roy thanks , Frank . for everything . frank thank you , partner . they shake hand . Frank gesture to the door . int . roy' live room 153 the place be clean again . Roy open a Radio shack box , pull out a new portable phone . read its instruction . int . roy' bedroom 154 Roy sit on he bed , phone in hand . gather he nerve . he twirl between he finger the barrette he find in he bathroom . at last , he dial . one ring , two ring . ext . san pedro park - day 155 Roy sit wait . look up as Angela approach on she skateboard . Roy smile . Angela do not . same scene - later they walk along a path . ( continued ) 155 156 99 . continued : 155 roy I go to see a lawyer . he specialize in custody suit , that sort of thing . like when one parent want to get joint custody of the child . ( off no reaction from she ) there be thing you have to do . file paperwork , blood test , go before a judge . it would only be for weekend and some holiday to start . still no reaction . roy I would have to make some change . for one , I be gonna have to stop do what I do for a live . ( as Angela stop , turn away ) honey , I be sorry . I should have ask you first . she look up at he , tear in she eye , and throw she arm around he . angela will you try ? please ? roy ( soar ) yes . I will try , honey . i'1l try . he wrap he arm around she and hold she . int . french restaurant - night 156 Roy and Angela celebrate , Angela in a new - buy dress , which make she fidget . a jazz combo plays in the next room . roy you know , I should talk to you mom about this . let she know what I be do . angela you funeral . ( continued ) 156 157 100 . continued : 156 roy I know . but she should hear it from I . angela we could get a dog . either a german shepherd or a Lab . roy ( uneasily ) they be messy , be not they ? angela not if you train them . we can name it Frank . roy that 's a good name . they both smile . a waiter pour Angela more diet Coke . waiter Mademoiselle ... Angela suppress a laugh . on dance floor in next room a few couple dance . Angela lead a reluctant Roy to the floor . she hold up she arm for he to take , and he balk . angela please ... he give in . take she hand in he and , very tentatively , begin to box-step . concentrate mostly on he foot , then remember to concentrate on Angela . and she , throughout , just beam . int . roy' live room - night 157 Dark . they enter , laugh . Angela be imitate the french waiter as Roy fumble the key out of the lock . angela Mademoiselle ... bonjour , mademoiselle . o-reev-ar , mademoiselle ... ( continued ) 101 . 157 continued : 157 roy au revoir . angela what ? roy au revoir . au ... Roy switch on a lamp , then leap back : Chuck frechette be sit on he sofa . cigarette in hand , handgun rest on the cushion beside he . Big smirk . frechette hello , Roy . hiya , sunshine . Roy freeze / consider the variable : the open door behind he , Angela before he . frechette Close the door . ( as Roy hesitates ) Close it . Roy consider frechette 's gun , do as he say . Angela tremble halfway between they . angela dad ? roy go wait in you room , honey . frechette let she stay . she 's in this as much as you be . roy what do you want ? frechette what do you think ? ( to Angela ) we have not meet , sweetie . my name 's Chuck . it 's Angela , right ? ( off no response ) you mug shot do not do you justice . ( patting couch beside he ) you wanna sit down ? ( continued ) 157 continued : Roy do n ' 102 . ( 2 ) 157 roy you come anywhere near she -- frechette do not play tough , Roy . I be in you home . I know where you kid life . ( back to Angela ) you be a very clever girl . tell I , can you spell ' shakedown ' ? roy how would you find I ? frechette I do not . I find she . in black and white . t understand . frechette Airport security camera , Roy . they get a nice look at she . that be sloppy . roy there be no camera in the lounge . frechette no . but there be in the gift shop . and suddenly it dawns on Roy , and he eye drop down to the coffee table , to the " I Love LA " ashtray atop it . Angela 's gift . frechette extinguish he cigarette in it . frechette frechette in my business you need a few friend on the force . you little girl 's in they book . and you ex - wife do not know well enough not to give out you home address . ( beat ) well , once I find you , sniff out you buddy Frank be not such a big deal . indicate the corner of the room . there , Frank sit huddle , eye puffed and blacken , nose bloody , the crap kick out of he . ( continued ) 157 103 . continued : ( 3 ) 157 frechette we only hurt the one we love , huh ? Angela gasp . Frank meet Roy 's stare with helpless , horrify eye . Roy blanch . frechette you look white as a ghost , Roy . I do not want you to pass out before you make you first payment . but first thing first . let 's have back the money you take from I . roy I do not have it . frechette then let 's start with what you do have . again Roy eye the gun , he daughter . roy four thousand . maybe . frechette where ? roy ( stare toward it ) the horse . frechette no . let she get it . Roy stop . Angela look up at he , frighten . he nod : it will be okay . she move toward the horse . take its head off , start scoop out money . frechette next : I be in for half of what you make from now on . otherwise , I call that cop friend of mine , you little girl go to juvie ' till she 's eighteen . roy I be out . I be do with this . ( continued ) 157 104 . continued : ( 4 ) 157 frechette you be not do , Roy . you barely get you foot wet . Frank 's not do -- be you , Frank ? Frank do not say a word . his eye be fix on something . frechette follow he stare to -- Angela , stand by the horse , Roy 's .38 in she hand levele at he . everyone freeze , include Roy . roy Angela , put it down , honey . i'11l take care of this . angela ( fix on frechette , tear in she eye ) I want you to go . frechette you know how to use that thing , sweetie ? roy put it down , Angela . do not make it worse . Angela do not budge . a standstill . then , a small voice behind she : frank do it . roy quiet , Frank . Frank stumble to he foot , aching , bloodthirsty . frechette , frighten now , move he hand toward he gun . angela do not . frechette stop . Angela look to Roy . all they dream be slip through they finger . Roy hold she glance , apologize for everything . angela daddy ... ( continued ) 157 158 105 . continued : ( 5 ) 157 frechette reach for he gun again and -- pure reflex -- Angela fire -- boom ! -- then drop the .38 to the floor . Roy turn . frechette fall off the couch , blood seeping from he shirt . shake , voiceless . angela dad ... Angela tremble , numb . Roy go to she . roy Frank : get he gun . Frank hobble over to frechette . Roy hold Angela . angela daddy ... roy it 's okay . it 's okay . frank Roy ? he 's not gonna make it . Roy look over : frechette be die . Angela see it , too . frank Roy ? what be we go to do , Roy ? Roy 's get a lot of think to do very fast . ext . roy' kitchen door / driveway - night 158 Frank pull Chuck 's mercede up the driveway to the side door where Roy exit , hold a blanket over Angela 's shoulder . he open the passenger door for she and she get in , nearly catatonic . Roy speak past she to Frank : roy you know where the Seven palm Motel be ? frank out the 15 ? roy get a room . Ground floor if you have to go out the back . and wait there for I . ( continued ) 158 159 continued : 106 . 158 frank suppose you do not show ? roy take she to she mother 's . then you drive south and never come back . frank what be you go to do ? roy ( hesitates , then ) take he to a hospital . Frank realize the risk Roy be run . Roy kneel beside Angela . he close roy Angela . Angela ? Frank 's gonna get you out of here , and I will see you in a day or two . it 's gonna be alright , okay ? angela I ... I be try to ... roy I know . honey , listen to I . you do not shoot he . I do . understand ? I shot he . right , Frank ? frank yes , you do , Roy . roy you just sit tight , honey . ( as this could be good - bye for a while ) I be sorry I let you down . ( to Frank ) go. the door . hold eye contact with Angela as Frank reverse and carry she away . int . roy' kitchen 159 Roy open a pantry closet , pull down some sheet , then pass into -- 160 161 162 matchstick men - Rev. 7/17/02 107 . int . roy' live room 160 -- and he eye stop at the bloodstain on the carpet . frechette be go . Roy drop the sheet , do a three - sixty , look for place he might have crawle to . nothing . he spin -- frechette be lean against the wall behind he , deathly pale , blood drip down he leg . he lift he gun up unsteadily , point it between Roy 's eye -- -- and Roy pivot away just as -- boom ! omitted 161 he Pov 162 a air-conditioner overhead ; a i.v. in he arm ; a admission bracelet around he wrist ; a uniform cop sit in a chair ; a surveillance camera above he . cop you awake ? the cop rise and go out the door . Roy try to lift himself onto one side , can not -- he 's handcuff to a bed railing . he poke at a bandage wrap around he head . he look around the room : spartan , antiseptic , a open door to a mini-bathroom . he be -- in hospital room - day tiny . one bed , no tv , bar on the window . the door open again , and two detective ( bishop and holt ) come in , shutting the door behind they . bishop Morning , Roy . how d' you feel ? Roy try to rise again , swoon . bishop whoa . take it slow . roy who be you ? ( continued ) 162 matchstick men - Rev. 7/17/02 108 . continued : 162 bishop I be detective Bishop , this be detective Holt . Doctor ' 1ll be in in a sec . Roy process this , feel he bandage again . Bishop fish in he jacket , pull out a evidence bag contain a bullet fragment . bishop you be give a pretty close haircut the other night , Roy . this little fella take out about half a inch of you skull . Bishop offer a couple of head x-ray . Roy can barely sit up much less study x-ray . Bishop drop they . bishop you get lucky , Roy . wish we could say the same for Chuck . Roy remember slowly , wisely keep he mouth shut . roy be I under arrest ? bishop ( nod ) you have the right to remain silent . anything you say can and may be use blah blah blah blah ... holt I hear it all . bishop Roy : where 's Frank ? roy who ? ( continued ) 109 . 162 continued : ( 2 ) 162 bishop Frank mercer . you partner . we have spend the last couple day in you home and he . there 's not a lot we do not know . holt I like you place better . clean . bishop you guy lead interesting life . in fact , there be some bunko cop eager to talk to you when we be do . ( beat ) where be he , Roy ? Roy shake he head : he do not know . bishop okay . how about this : where 's Angela ? Roy stonewall . bishop she 's not at you place , she 's not in San pedro at , uh -- holt ( refer to notepad ) -- 415 Chester Avenue . bishop her mother 's near hysterical . Roy react . roy how long have I be here ? ( as they do not respond ) how long ? bishop they bring you in two night ago . Roy think , then : ( continued ) 162 continued : Roy nod . Holt go 110 . ( 3 ) 162 roy I shot he . I shot Chuck . bishop why ? roy he be gonna shoot I . bishop he do shoot you . roy before then . bishop you be sure about that ? Bishop and Holt exchange a glance . bishop that would make we job a lot easier . alas , the print we take off you .38 be a little small . ( beat ) where be she , Roy ? ( beat ) you little girl kill a man , Roy . that 's right . chuckie do not make it . to the window , yank up the blind . Roy wince in the glare . bishop you daughter 's want for murder . you be under arrest for accessory . it 's not good , Roy . but it could still get worse . ( beat ) where be she ? Roy 's mind race . figure some way to make this right again . then : roy I wanna see my doctor . holt like I say , he will be in in a sec . ( continued ) 111 . 162 continued : ( 4 ) 162 roy no , my doctor . my shrink . let I see he and I will tell you whatever you want to know . Bishop and Holt exchange glance again . bishop you know where she be ? Roy nod . Bishop consider it . bishop what 's he number ? 163 int . hospital room - day 163 Roy peer through the open blind as a intern check he vital . from the bed , he can not see anything but a freeway in the distance . Bishop and Holt return with Dr. klein in tow , a little agitate . the intern depart . roy hey , doc. dr . klein hello , roy. ( to Bishop ) May I sit down ? Bishop nod , and klein take a seat by the bed . dr . klein how be you feel ? Roy look . Bishop , Holt and the cop have not move . roy can we have a little privacy ? bishop that 's not how it work , Roy . roy do not I have doctor-patient rights or something ? Holt laugh . dr . klein technically , he 's right . ( continued ) 163 112 . continued : 163 bishop technically , he 's not . that refer to testimony you might give base on confidential information . there 's no privilege say I gotta leave you two alone together . roy you do if you want what I know . they stare each other down . finally , Bishop relent . bishop five minute . they exit . dr . klein Roy , what happen ? they tell I -- Roy hold up he free hand : do not speak ' till they be go . after a moment : roy there be not time , doc. ( beat ) can I trust you ? dr . klein Roy -- I can not do anything illegal . Roy glance up at the surveillance camera , then cover he mouth with he free hand , lest any lip reader be watch . roy Angela 's in trouble , Doc . if I do not help she , she will go to jail . please . help I help she . klein look reluctant . Roy 's eye plead . roy you get she into this , too -- dr . klein do not transfer responsibility , Roy . ( continued ) 163 164 165 113 . continued : ( 2 ) 163 roy just make a phone call . klein think , decide : okay . roy how be you at memorize number ? int . adjoining room - close on video feed - day 164 of Roy whisper to Dr. klein through he finger . then ... close on bishop smoking , watch the feed , stymy . int . roy' hospital room - day 165 through he finger still , Roy whisper . klein lean forward to hear : roy the room of Mr. Cole . dr . klein c-o-l-e ? roy my partner will answer the phone . ask to speak to Angela . dr . klein what do I tell she ? roy tell she -- tell Angela you have the pass code . tell she to write it down . dr . klein this be what I have to memorize . roy they be go to search you on the way out . klein nod : he 's ready . ( continued ) 165 166 167 114 . continued : 165 roy 543-n7-942 . again : 543-n7-942 . say it back to I . dr . klein 543 -- roy ( eye to camera ) Doc ... DR. klein sorry. ( cover mouth ) 543-n7-942 . roy again . DR. klein 543-n7-942 . ( to himself ) 543-n7-942 . roy that 's all you have to do , doc. klein nod , tense , memorize . Roy lie back , exhaust but hopeful . ext . parking garage - day 166 klein hurry to he sedan , fumble with key . as he pull away , another car follow several second behind : Bishop at the wheel , Holt on the passenger side . int . hospital room - day 167 Roy stir awake , sweat heavily . the air conditioner be off . the room be dark . the chair where the uniform cop sit be empty . roy yo! hello ! ( off no response ) hey ! Officer maddox ! ( off no response ) could someone turn the a.c. back on ?! ( continued ) 167 168 169 & 170 171 matchstick men - Rev. 7/17/02 115 . continued : 167 Roy reach for a bedpan on the floor , to throw at the door , but something rattles within . Roy shake it again , then pull out : a handcuff key . Roy try it on he restrain wrist : it 's a fit . he release himself , check the door , then pull he foot off the bed . for the first time in day , he stand , a little wobbly , in nothing but a hospital gown . close on roy as he quietly crack open he hospital room door , and he eye go wide . dumbfound , he move down a brief hallway , peer into -- adjoining room empty except for the surveillance monitor propped up on a chair . coffee cup and newspaper litter the floor . also there : Roy 's pants , shirt , jacket and shoe , throw in a pile in a corner . Roy push on , through a exit door and step out onto -- ext . parking structure - deserted roof - day 168 blind sunlight . Roy 's hospital room reside within a mobile construction - site trailer anchore atop the five - story garage . a freeway pass in the distance . Roy can not believe it . he stagger around the trailer , to the roof 's edge , and look down . the parking structure overlook a largely - desert stretch of Los Angeles . Roy feel he bandage again . start to unwrap it . then pull it clean off . gingerly feel about he skull . no stitches , no fracture , no bullet hole . just one mother of a bruise . omitted 169 & 170 ext . parking garage - ground level - day 171 Roy jog down the bottom ramp , belting he pants , shirt unbuttone . he find a pay phone , but its cord have be slice . voice ( v.o.over phone ) Seven palm Motel . 172 173 174 175 176 177 178 116 . ext . block away - at pay phone 172 roy the room of Mr. Cole , please . c- o-l-e. ( beat ) how about mercer ? m-e-r ... bad news . Roy spot a cab , drop the phone to hail it . ext . klein' office - day 173 cab wait , Roy find the front door lock , finess it open . as he enter , he notice klein 's plaque be go . int . klein' office - day 174 Dark , until Roy turn on a overhead light . the place be empty . Furniture and fixture stripped , diploma off the wall , cabinet bare . Roy squeeze he eye shut . ext . roy' house / int . caprice - day 175 from within the caprice 's window : Roy arrive in a cab . int . roy' live room - day 176 much as he leave it . " blood " stain on the carpet . the head of the ceramic horse beside it . Roy reach within , extract the only remain item : a handwritten letter . frank ( v.o. ) ' Roy : you be probably pretty upset . I do not blame you . you teach I most of what I know , so I suppose I owe you better than this . ' ext . first federal bank - day 177 Roy hurry in before it close for the day . int . first federal bank - day 178 Roy give he pass code to the clerk . he wear the same clothes and the same distant stare . frank ( v.o. ) ' but you always say if I gota shot at a big score , I should take it .' 179 180 181 182 117 . int . bank vault 179 Roy 's box be remove . large but no longer heavy . Roy touch he head wound . frank ( v.o . ) ' sorry about the rubber bullet , by the way . and for everything else . ' int . private viewing room 180 Roy set the box on a table , pries off the lid , revealing -- frank ( v.o . ) ' if it 's any consolation , you be the best I ever see . I would never find a better partner . now I will not have to . ' -- a single , thin stack of $ 100s . frank ( v.o . ) ' enjoy the gift . Frank . ' ext . under highway sign 181 blasting under a highway sign : " san pedro , " then down to ... Roy 's caprice , Roy at the wheel . all four window roll down , create a windstorm inside he car . ext . heather' house - night 182 for the first time , Roy park in front of the house . he stagger to the front door and knock , run on the slenderest of hope . a moment pass before the door open , and Heather stand before he . they share a long moment of recognition . heather Roy ... he look numb , glass -ey . he can barely speak . roy she 's not here , be she ? ( continued ) 182 183 184 matchstick men - Rev. 10/7/02 118. continued : 182 heather what ? roy Angela ? heather ( at a complete loss ) who ? Roy , what be you talk about -- ? roy the baby ! you be gonna have a baby ! Heather be aghast . heather that 's -- that 's why you be here ? roy you be pregnant . she nod . roy you be . tear come to she eye , too , a painful memory . his last hope dash , all the revelation of the day come to a point , and Roy crumble . he gasp for air , clutches he gut , and fold into himself . heather Roy , Roy : you okay ? Heather stand helpless before he , then slowly -- because of they history , or despite it -- reach out and caress he . fade out . fade in : omitted 183 ext . behind carpeteria - day 184 Roy on a smoke break . ( continued ) 184 185 matchstick men - Rev. 10/7/02 119-120 . continued : 184 his salesman 's uniform be not terribly different from he old costume , and he still wear he hair in a completely unremarkable fashion , but he bear have change : he be aman at ease . a CO - worker stick he head out the back door . co-worker Roy : another live one . Roy nod , fling he cigarette away , return to work . int . carpeteria - day 185 Roy find he next prospect : a twenty - year old slacker flipping through Persians . roy afternoon . ( continued ) 185 continued : Roy turn . 121 . 185 slacker ( keep flipping ) how ya doin' . roy help you with anything ? slacker yeah . I need a carpet . roy for you home ? slacker for my secretary 's office . ( beat ) no , it 's for my apartment . all one room of it . roy Big place , huh . you have a color in mind ? slacker I have a price in mind . cheap . roy so you do not need much , you do not know what you want , but -- no price be too low . slacker that 's about I . roy you be my perfect customer . let 's dig into the remnant slacker wait , I gotta wait . my girlfriend know better than I do what we need . ( off a door chime ) that 's she . Angela enter the store . look nineteen at least . Dark glass and cutoff jeans . she come straight at she boyfriend , do not notice Roy at all . angela what kind of pet store do not carry collar ? they have get dog shampoo in there but no collar . ( continued ) 122. 185 continued : ( 2 ) 185 Roy just stand there . study she . make sure he 's not mistaken . slacker then we will go to another place . ( to Roy ) we just get a dog . roy let I guess . a Lab . she freeze , recognize he voice . she will not turn to face he , while he keep he eye lock on she . slacker eh. german shepherd . roy my next guess . slacker there 's no special carpet that dog like , be there ? a beat . will Roy say something ? roy we call it astroturf . c'mon , remnant be back of the store . in back Roy watch Angela and she boyfriend flip through carpet fragment . her attention be obviously divide . slacker I like that ... I like that ... roy you folk just move in together ? slacker Three week ago . roy Big step . slacker you think ? we only start dating last month . if you be gonna get wet -- ( continued ) 185 186 continued : 123 . ( 3 ) 185 roy -- might as well go swim . the slacker laugh : that 's what he be go to say . Angela still will not face he . slacker ooh , I really like that one . roy that 's a nice choice . durable . you barely notice stain it 's so dark . angela how much be it ? roy sticker 's seventy - five . but I can knock off twenty percent if you pay cash . Angela and she boyfriend mull it over , under they breath , then agree : it 's a sale . Angela dip into she purse ... he smirk slacker we live arrangement . I pay the rent , she busy all the carpet . angela shit . I think I leave my ... yeah , I leave my wallet in the car . ( to she boyfriend , with a big sigh ) can you get it for I ? it probably just fall under my seat . at Roy -- what can he say ? -- and head off . slacker be right back . Roy and Angela watch he go , alone together . she turn at last to face he . they lock eye for a moment , then she indicate the cigarettes in he shirt pocket . angela can I bum one ? ext . behind carpeteria 186 Roy light Angela 's cigarette , then he own . ( continued ) 186 continued : 124 . 186 roy when do you start smoking ? angela Long time ago . I be steal from you pack the whole time . surprise you do not notice . roy I be miss a lot back then . angela you like this job ? roy ( shrug ) it 's not that much different from the old one really . steadier . only be on it six month . they smoke in silence . what to say ? roy you work this guy ? angela Nah . I be retire . that be a one- time deal . roy no shit . you be good . angela I have a good teacher . ( sheepishly ) teacher . roy I be surprised to see you here . figure you would have move to , I do not know , Hawaii . angela I have bill to pay . my mom be real sick . roy she get better ? ( as Angela shake she head ) I be sorry . ( continued ) 125 . 186 continued : ( 2 ) 186 angela I be sorry , too . if it 's any consolation . you mad at I ? roy you do not take it . I give it to you . she take he in again : the new at - ease Roy . angela thing be good with you , be not they ? slam ! Angela 's boyfriend exit the back door . slacker there you be . angela just steal a drag . slacker ( empty-hand ) I look everywhere . she pull out she wallet . angela I find it . sorry . her boyfriend give she a look , and Angela give he a big kiss for he effort . Roy look away . 187 ext . carpeteria - front - day 187 Roy help the slacker load and tie he and Angela 's new purchase onto the roof of they aging Honda Civic . slacker thanks , man . roy enjoy it . the slacker get in . for a fleeting moment , Angela and Roy stand alone again before she get in the car . angela it 's good to see you , Roy . roy good to see you , too . ( continued ) 187 188 189 190 126 . continued : 187 a beat . she start to open the car door , stop . angela you be not gonna ask my name ? roy I know you name . angela ( smile ) I will see ya , dad . then hop in the car . Roy watch the carpet-loade Civic pull creakily away . look up at the sun for a moment before head back into work . int . supermarket - day 188 Roy busy ice cream and freeze pizza . a young man work the check - out register . int . roy' caprice - day 189 driving home . window down . Roy keep just one hand on the wheel , only bring the other up for a turn ( when we might notice : he 's wear a ring ) . ext . roy' home - day 190 Roy pull he caprice up the driveway and get out . Grocery in hand , he head to the front door , unlock it , enter . turn to look inside the house : through the front window , for the first time open and unencumber by shade : Roy walk into the live room . a new carpet replace the old . he pay it no mind . he leaf through mail , call out a name , then turn as -- -- Kathy enter from the kitchen , wiping she hand clean on a dishrag . she smile and Roy smile , too , explain what he get at the market and open he market bag wide for she to see . she rub he head : nice job , then kiss he , and he kiss back -- -- and when they break , she whisper sweetly in he ear , and he smile even more . he look down to lay he palm gently on she belly . they go into dinner . fade out . the end