matchpoint by Woody Allen dreamwork skg °@ ext . tennis court -- day in slow motion , a tennis ball pass back and forth . CHRIS ( v.0 . ) the man who say " I would rather be lucky than good " see deeply into life . people be afraid to face how great a part of life be dependent on luck . it 's scary to think so much be out of one 's control -- there be moment in a match when the batl hit the top of the net , and for a split second it can either go forward ... or fall back . with a little luck , it go forward ... and you win . or maybe it do not ... and you lose . fade to black : ext . tennis club london ~~ day Chris walk along a fence . he carry a letter and @ familiarize himself with the tennis club manager 's name . CHRIS ( mumble } Mr. townsend . he glance around at club member play tennis . CUT to : int , tennis club townsend office ~- day townsend enter through the doorway , clutching Chris ' resume . townsend ( to Chris ) just this way . Chris follow behind as townsend gesture , read off Chris ' previous job position . townsend so ... the Beach Club marbella , tennis instructor ... Stanford House , @ forte Village . sardina ... CHRIS yes . I have a good deal of experience . townsend yeah , so I see . and I have hear very good thing . you do not miss play professionally ? CHRIS ( sigh ) thank God every day I do not have to do it . I hate the whole tennis tour thing . constant travel and I be never go to be rusedski or agassi . you have to really want it . not that I have they talent . townsend well , you credential and reference be excellent . and you want to live in London ? CHRIS very much . very much . townsend ( softly ) ( beat ) we have a very exclusive membership here . ( beat ) you can begin this weekend ? CHRIS thank you . thank you very much , cuuut to : ext . side STREET -- day establish . estate agent ( v.0 . ) er , that 's you sofa ... cur to : int . chris' flat -- continuous estate agent «+- which also double up as a bed . which be great , you know , ' cause you can be watch some telly , you be not get the hassle of have to go to a bedroom . you can just open it up , get you kip ... er , kitchen just through there ... Chris look through the doorway into the kitchen . estate agent all you amenity -- fixture , fitting , washer / dryer , all that stuff . Lovely view , not overlook . so , er , it 's all good . CHRIS this be two hundred and twenty - five a week ? estate agent well , it 's London , mate . bang , mate . you know , if you do not like it , move to Leeds . d' you know what I mean ? ( beat ) .-. you get a wok ? it 's one of that oriental sort of conical pan ? CHRIS no , no , no ... estate agent the geezer who be in here before , he leave one in there . you be welcome to it . i'1l throw that in . CHRIS I will take it . estate agent onod ) that 's a good choice . cur to : int . burger joint ~- evening Chris be seat at a table , eat . he look at a magazine , reach for a drink . cuut to : ext . tennis club court -- day a montage of male and female club member play tennis with Chris , who instruct . CHRIS «.. very good ... cur to : int . chris' flat ~~ night Chris be on the sofabe , read dostoyevsky 's " crime and punishment " . he set it down and pick up another book : '' the Cambridge companion to dostoevskii " . CUT to : ext . tennis court -- day townsend walk with Tom hewett and introduce he to Chris . townsend Chris wilton ... this be Tom hewett . they shake hand . tom very nice to meet you . how do you do . CHRIS good morning , tom. pleasure . townsend I think Chris would be the perfect - instructor for you and he 's very . patient . great at analyze a player 's fault . tom ( exhales ) I be so out of practice . I mean , I have not play since wniversity and I love it but , um , I have not pick up a racket in bloody age , so ... CHRIS do not worry , it come back . what you can not do be rush in , he discourage . tom okay . townsend ( step away ) well , good luck . tom thank you very much . @ townsend shake Tom 's hand , then turn and walk away . CHRIS ( gesture to the other side of the court ) over here . tom brilliant . cur to : ext . tennis court -- later Tom and Chris play tennis . cur to : ext . tennis club terrace -~ day Tom and Chris sit at a table . . tom okay , so who be better , or @ tougher ? henman or aghassi ? CHRIS they be both great . tom yeah , I know , but I mean you , you hold you own more than admirably . CHRIS for a while . Tom light a cigarette . ceris but as the game go on you see how really good they be . a waitress place the bill onto they table . CHRIS I will get this . tom no , no , no , no , CHRIS no , please Tom . I insist , I insist . tom no , no , no , no , to , no . get you dirty great forehand off . Tom look down at the bill . CHRIS thank you . I will get the next one . tom so , do you need a lift after this ? CHRIS actually , I be look for a music store . I want to buy some CD 's . tom Music around here ? CHRIS mmm—hmm . tom . I think there 's one on the fulham Road . CHRIS and they will have a decent opera section ? tom Opera ? you like opera , really ? CHRIS yeah , I love opera . tom popa give load to the Royal in covent Garden . I know this be gonna sound a bit weird but ... would you like to go to the opera tomorrow night ? CHRIS to the opera ? tom yeah . we have get a box and someone 's hot come . it 's La bloody traviata . CHRIS my God . I would love to . be you sure it 's not a imposition ? can I at least pay for my seat ? tom it 's not a imposition , it would be a absolute pleasure . I just like the fact that we both share a love for opera . brilliant . curt to : ext . royal opera house ~- night establish . cur to : int . royal opera house BOX -~ continuous Eleanor sit with Chloe and Alex . alec . so ? eleanor so I say to David and Melissa that we would see they ... Tom enter , follow by Chris . tom even all . chloe hello . tom ( to eleaor ) hello , mum . he lean in and kiss she on the cheek . eleanor hello , sweetie . very nice to see you . alec ( to Eleanor ) where be you go to see they ? tom oh , this be , this be Chris , Chris , this be my father , alec ... eleanor ah ... Chris and alec shake hand . CHRIS hello , good to meet you . alec I hear you be a incredible tennis player . I play once and then I give up , and then I go back , then I give up , then I go back ... tom oh rubbish . anyway ... CHRIS I be sure Tom exaggerated my game . alec '' I just get bored . CHRIS ( to Eleanor ) hello . good evening . how be you ? eleanor very nice to meet you . tom and this be my sister ... Tom kiss Chloe 's head . CHRIS my pleasure . eleanor there 's a chair somewhere . tom +-- Chloe , Chris and Chloe shake hand . chloe hello . hi , I be Chloe . Nice to meet you . CHRIS hello , Chloe . hi. eleanor ( refer to the seat ) there 's two more there ... cur to : later Tom , Chris , alec , Chloe , and Eleanor watch the opera . Chloe glance over at Chris , sit nearby . curt to : int . tom' office -— ~ day Tom be seat at a cluttere desk , clutching a cordless telephone receiver and toy with a cigarette lighter . tom ( into phone ) yeah , well , the old say thank you very much for the er , lovely flower . they say it be very thoughtful and totally unnecessary . ( more ) 10 tom ( cont would ) but , er , off the record well do , a plus , ' cause they love that sort of thing . CUT to : int . chris' flat -- continuous Chris talk to Tom on he mobile phone , CHRIS {into phone ) oh , they be lovely people . and you sister 's very bright . cur to : int . tom' office ~- continuous tom {into phone ) frighteningly so at time ... but er , anyway , she think you be terrific and she want to invite you to cur house with the parent on Sunday . er , ' cause they be have a party , there 's 1ll be some good people . and , er , I will play you some great music because dad 's get a epic collection ... cuT to : ext . hedley estate tennis court -- day Chris and Tom play tennis . Chloe watch from afar , clutching a tennis racket . tom chlo - chlo , do you wanna have a knock with Chris for a bit ? it 's just that it 's five o'clock somewhere darling , and I have get some serious cocktail ' 's to start make . : ( to Chris ) irish ~- have you ever have a Cuba libre or a caipirinha ? 11 chloe no , it would be really boring for Chris to play with I on my own . tom well it 's really boring for he to play with I but he 's a good sport . and anyway ... you have get better leg than I have get . chop -chop . CHRIS do not be silly . I teach people who have never hold a racket . chloe I be so bad . Tom turn , exit . CHRIS that 's how you get better . play with a stronger player . come on . CHRIS okay . they begin play . CUT to : ext . hedley estate swimming pool terrace --— day Chloe and Chris walk along the terrace , chloe be I dreadful ? CHRIS not at all . you have a very unique style , chloe yeah , it 's call clumsey . how do you get to be so good , anyway ? Tom say you . play some of the great . . CHRIS for I , it be a way out of a poor existence . caught the eye of a good coach . I do not know . it all come so easy at first . 12 chloe do you enjoy teach ? CHRIS not really . I mean , it 's okay for now but I would cut my throat if I think I have to do it forever . I would like to do something with my life . you know , special . I would like to make a contribution . chloe so you be a poor boy from Ireland come to London . CHRIS I love it . it 's so exciting and alive . I have never see so much art or theatre . not that I have take much advantage of it yet . chloe well , look , if you would like someone to show you around ... I grow up in belgravia , I would be happy to take you to all the good place . CHRIS that would be great . on one condition : I buy the ticket . chloe oh dear , be that go to be a issue ? CHRIS I be afraid it be , I be very old fashioned . but actually I do read something about the exhibition in the saatchi Gallery . chloe that 's perfect . it would be my pleasure to take you . CHRIS you be very kind to offer this . can I at least give you some free tennis lesson ? chloe okay , it 's a deal . how about Wednesday for the saatchi ? 13 CHRIS I can do that . chloe shall we meet for lunch first ? CHRIS tt 's a date . I would better get ready . you guest will be arrive soon . chloe yeah , yeah , of course . go. CHRIS a sweaty tennis player 's hardly what they expect . cuT to : ext . hedley estate ground -- day guest mill about on the lawn . cur to : int . hedley estate stair -- continuous Chris enter , brush off he suit jacket . he pass through a doorway and into the library , then down another corridor , and approach a ping pong table . nola ( 0.5 . ) so -~ who 's my next victim ? you ? CHRIS I have not play table tennis in quite a while . nola would you like to play for a thousand pound a game ? CHRIS what do I walk into ? they play . Chris smashes the ping pong ball across the table . he smile . nola what do I walk into ? CHRIS it 's like this . May i? nola please . CHRIS you have to lean in ... and hit through the ball . nola I be do just fine until you show up . CHRIS ah , the story of my life . so tell I ... what 's a beautiful young american ping - pong player do mingling amongst the british upper class ? nola do anyone ever tell you you play a very aggressive game ? CHRIS do anyone ever tell you you have very sensual lip ? nola . extremely aggressive . CHRIS I be naturally competitive . be it off put ? nola I will have to think about that for a while . tom ( 0.5 . ) bh , there you be . I want to introduce you to Chris wilton ... Tom enter , clutching a drink . tom : Chris wilton this be nola Rice . my fiancee . nola aha ~~ so you be the tennis pro , 14 15 tom .-- hello , darling . he kiss she on the cheek . CHRIS ... my pleasure . nola he be try to have he way with I over the table , tom oh really ? yeah , well , you would better watch out for this one . he 's make a live out of hustling . nola I will be ready for you next time . she turn , kiss Tom . nola I will see you outside . tom oh yeah . she exit . tom ( sigh ) she 's quite something , be not she . CHRIS how long have you be together ? tom oh , six month ... Jesus , yeah , six month ! she come over to study act and I meet she at a party that I would crash and she would crash and one thing lead to another . obviously it 's take mother quite a long time to get use to the idea that I be serious but to be honest with you , mother 's always have this - funny little agenda for I which do not really involve marrying a struggle actress . especially a american one . but I be crazy about she . ( more ) 16 tom ( cont would ) anyway , I think we should all go to dinner next week . what do you think ? CHRIS I would love to . tom excellent . now , irish , how about a little drop of Scottish before supper ? CHRIS why not . tom lead on . quickly . CUT to : ext . saatchi gallery / embankment -- day Chloe and Chris walk together . CUT to : ext . thame embankment --— day Chloe and Chris , together . cuUT to : ext . ST . jame park -— day Chloe and Chris glance at Buckingham Palace , the Queen 's Guards in the background . cur to : int . cinema ~~ day Chris and Chloe be seat in a near empty auditorium . chloe . this afternoon have be great . I be so glad you schedule allow you so much time off . 17 CHRIS yes , it 's fun . although it would not hurt to have a few more pupil . chloe do you need money ? CHRIS God , no . I be fine . it 's very sweet of you to ask but I do not . chloe I be only ask because I care about you . they kiss passionately . chloe shall we go to you place or mine ? CHRIS I do not think mine 's quite what you be use to . chloe shut up . I think yours will be just great . they kiss again . CUT to : int . chris' flat -~ day Chloe and Chris make love on Chris 's sofabe . cur to : ext . STREET / belgravia house -- day establish , CUT to : int . belgravia house landing / live room ~-- day Eleanor and Chloe walk together . 18 eleanor you have be see a lot of Chris wilton lately , I understand . chloe yeah . he 's very nice , eleanor I like he . I just do not understand what he 's aim for . chloe he certainly do not want to be a tennis pro for the rest of he life . alec , seat nearby , overhear . alec well , I find he very likeable . he 's find he way up the only way open to he and he 's not trivial . I have a very interesting conversation with he the other day about dostoyevsky . chloe can not we do something for he ? a place in one of you company or something ? alec have he express a desire ? chloe no , but he 's open , you know , about he future . alec uh-huh . chloe he really want to make something of he life . eleanor Chloe -- be careful . Tom 's involved . with a woman I have reservation about . do not rush off . chloe Tom 's happy with nola . you be prejudice cause she 's american . 19 eleanor she 's spoiled and temperamental . chloe she 's a actress , they be emotional . eleanor she 's delude herself and she 's moody . she 's not right for Tom . alec who be you talk about ? eleanor nola . alec ooh . cot to : e int . locanda locatelli -~ night Chloe enter a restaurant and spot Chris seat at the bar . she walk over to he . chloe have you be wait age ? CHRIS hello . not at all . chloe traffic be awful . the other ' 1ll be here in a minute . they be probably stick in it somewhere . ( to waiter ) can I have a champagne cocktail , please ? CHRIS one of you father 's associate speak to I today about the possibility of a job . do you say anything ? chloe e look , I just tell papa to keep he eye open if anything juicy open up . ( more ) 20 chloe ( cont would ) so you could have first option ... if you want it . you be not cross be you ? CHRIS God , no . it 's extremely thoughtful of you . the waiter bring Chloe 's drink . CHRIS thanks . chloe what do you think ? CHRIS I be gonna have to think about it . I have never really see myself in the business world . chloe mhh-hmm . so , what do you see for yourself , you know , in the future ? CHRIS I do not know really . I mean , I be sure its a great opportunity . chloe I be think it be . papa say it 's a chance to learn the business . and if thing go well , he will see to it , you know ... that you move up quickly or whatever . CHRIS I have always feel so - so about office work . chloe it 's not exactly office work , think of it more as a step stone . CHRIS to ...? chloe to a bigger job , more responsibility , great earning potential , I do not know . you have always say how much you admire papa 's accomplishment . they kiss . 21 CHRIS of course . I mean -- it 's strange but come where I come from , I have always admire man like you father . wealthy but not stuffy . enjoy he fortune . have a grand time , support the art . chloe well , he would really like to open some door for you , that 's all . CHRIS he 's a very generous man . chloe he respects how you have pull yourself up against the odd ... you do not seem very enthusiastic . CHRIS I be sorry . I hope my hesitation be not upsetting . chloe no , no , not at all . it 's just that , you know , you have always talk about make a contribution and ... I be sorry . CHRIS I will . I promise . Chloe see Tom and nola enter the restaurant . she wave . CHRIS oh good . chloe hello . tom hi , guy . Chloe and nola begin chatter . cur to : same -— - a few minute later 22 Chris pull the chair out for Chloe as she seat herself at a table . Tom nod , chloe «+ . do nort worry , the traffic be awful . tom it 's my fault . I drag nola to the classic car show at excel . chloe really ? tom it be unbelievable . I swear my trousers have barely dry . chloe oh God . shut up . tom well you love you car , though , do not you Chris ? CHRIS I think the old one be beautiful . tom ah . nola yeah , I like the old one . but Tom like .all that new one with the gadget and ... raise he eyebrow . nola I want a aston Martin . CHRIS I drive a aston Martin . tom really ? 23 CHRIS yeah , I use to work for a man and I use to wash he car for he . he be very , very particular about ... Chloe turn and take a menu from the waiter . chloe thank you . CHRIS .». take care of they so I have to wash they every day with a toothbrush . nola I want as aston Martin or one of that vintage convertible . tom well , when we be marry we will collect vintage car . just as long as I can have a db9 with all the e@ trimming . okay ? he kiss she . tom in fact , hedley be perfect for keep all that car . in fact , speak of hedley ... chloe should we order , cause he 's wait ... tom oh , frightfully sorry . tom I 'il have the baked potato with truffle . that will be lovely . yum - yum . nola I would like the same , please . - waiter nothing to start ? @ ron oh , I think the wine list . 24 chloe I will have the caviar blinis , please . CHRIS er , roast chicken . chloe God , boring ! honestly , they have the great caviar blinis here . you should try they . CHRIS that 's okay . he pass she the menu . chloe no , do you like caviar ? CHRIS so-so . chloe so-so ? chloe he 's be bring up as a good boy to always order modestly . I be very sorry . tom he '1l have the blinis . chloe my goodness , be you father a oil rigger who specialize in etiquette ? CHRIS er , he be kind of austere . chloe Chris ' dad be a bit of a religious fanatic . tom oh Christ . CHRIS after he lose both he leg he find Jesus . 25 tom God . sorry , but it just do not seem like a fair trade . chloe what be you say about hedley ? tom oh , papa 's invite we for some shoot . chloe oh , really ? tom mmm—hmm . nola guess I would better bring a different change of clothes . I do not think you mother appreciate what I bring last time . tom I think that be you swimsuit . she 's just use to slightly more fabric . chloe I be sure if she know you would wear it in a movie she would suddenly find it chic . tom true . CHRIS have you do many movie ? nola it be a commercial , not a movie . tom but you eye go straight to she , if you know what I mean . nola I do not think my career have really go as plan . tom oh , you just need a break . 26 CHRIS I think it 's important to be lucky in anything . chloe well , I do not believe in luck . I believe in hard work . tom mmm . CHRIS oh , hard work be mandatory , but ... I mean , it seem scientist be confirm more and more that all existence be here by blind chance . no purpose . no design . chloe well , I do not care . I love every minute of it . CHRIS and I envy you for it . tom what be it ... the , er ... the vicar use to say ? " despair be the path of least resistance . " it be something odd , be not it . it be very strange ... CHRIS I think that faith be the path of least resistance . tom oh god. chloe oh God . can we change the subject , please ? tom oh god. chloe nola be talk about act which be much more interesting . tom mmm. 27 nola no , I be just say that I think I be give act a second think . I just can not bear people in my hometown to think I have fail . not that I be ever go back to Colorado . ever . the waiter return . waiter have you decide on a wine ? tom two bottle of puligny - montrachet . thank you . cuT to : ext . a swiss office build ~~ day establish . CHRIS ( v.0 . ) good morning . Chris wilton . rod ( v.0 . ) Rod carver . good to meet you . CHRIS ( v.0 . ) good to meet you . cuT to : int . hewett inc MAIN office ~~ continuous Rod introduce Chris to Alan sinclair . rod you will be work under Alan sinclair here , CHRIS hi Alan . how be you ? rod at first , you may find the , er , assignment a little , um , unchallenge but that will soon change as you , er , appreciate how thing wash here . 28 alan it 's basically nine to five . rod yes , yes . so you will have plenty of time to keep up the backhand if you like . alan now if you be okay with the package , we would like to begin the first of the month . CHRIS I be sure the salary will not be a problem . Chris and Alan shake hand . CHRIS good to meet you , Alan . alan good . and to you . CHRIS and Rod . Chris and Rod shake hand . rod I be sure you will be happy here . excite thing be happen . CHRIS I be sure I will . CUT to : int . chris' flat -- evening Chris and Chloe enter . chloe I can not tell you how happy I be you have take that job . it 's such - good news . CHRIS here , I bring you this to celebrate . 29 he hand she a gift . chloe wow . thank you . believe I , in no time you will be run that division . ( unwrap the gift ) you be so much more on the ball than Alan sinclair . he 's nice but ... uninspire . CHRIS it 's very rare -- he point to the CD case as she pull it from the wrapping . CHRIS it have some beautiful arias on it . and he voice express -- everything that 's tragic about life . chloe @ you find it tragic , do you ? CHRIS and you ? they kiss passionately . chloe I love it . let 's stay at home and have dinner and listen to the tragedy . I be gonna open one of that bottle of wine I get you . CHRIS ah , puligny - montrachet . I never hear of it before Tom order it . now I be addict . chloe Tom and nola invite we to go and see a film with they tonight but I tell they we be busy . CHRIS . oh ...? but we have no plan . well , no special plan . @ chloe I think we say we would stay in ? 30 CHRIS yeah , but it be not write in stone ? we could have join they . chloe we still can if you would prefer it , CHRIS it 's not a case of prefer it . it 's just we always have fun with they and -- you love film . chloe well shall I call they ? CHRIS I mean , sure , unless you would rather not . chloe well ... it might be more fun just the two of we . the wine , the opera ... CHRIS mmmm ... absolutely . I just figure , we can stay in any , any night and ... they be free and suggest a film . what 's the film ? chloe I do not know , but if you would prefer it ... CHRIS I be in the mood for a film . cur to : ext . cinema ~- night Chloe and Chris stand beneath a illuminate marquee that read the motorcycle diaries . a taxi pull up . tom ( get out of taxi ) . thank you so much , fella . oh , hang on . I be have problem with the door . there we go . chloe ( to Tom ) hello sweetie . tom hi guy . one second . Tom reach in he trouser pocket for some money and hand to the driver . tom there you go , fella . thanks very much . good luck with the sky blue . taxi driver oh yeah , cheer . Tom flick away a cigarette butt , then step over to Chloe . chloe where be she ? tom nola get a migraine at the last moment and unfortunately she can not make it -- chloe oh no . be she gonna be all right ? tom ~- but she send she love ... yeah , she 's gonna be fine . ( beat ) Hell with she . motorcycle diary ! chloe I bet that be she choice . I can not believe this be what you really want to see . 31 curt to : int . chris' flat -~ night Chloe and Chris lie on the sofabe , embrace . 32 chloe everybody like you at work . papa say he 's hear great thing . you be a very clever boy ... CUT to : ext . ralph lauren clothing store / king 's road Chris exit clutching a shopping bag and begin walk along the pavement . he notice nola nearby . he wave . CHRIS hey . nola hey . CHRIS hi. nola how be you ? what be do here ? CHRIS I be , er , just look for a sweater . nola uh-huh . CHRIS the kind Tom have . it it cashmere ? nola um , it 's vicuna . vicuna . CHRIS vicuna ? right. nola yeah . CHRIS where be you go ? . nola oh , I be just , er , have a nervous breakdown . CHRIS why ? nola so ... well , I have a audition in ten minute and , as usual , my confidence level which start off at a ten be now a zero . CHRIS do not worry , you will be great . nola yeah . I be gonna be late , so ... be you walk ? you wanna walk ? CHRIS yeah , sure . nola oh , my agent be suppose to meet I but he cancel . so that 's ... awful . I be alone to -- just ... CHRIS would you like I to come along for moral support ? nola yes . that would be great . if you ... CHRIS sure . it 's not a problem . no , it 's not a problem . nola if it 's not a problem . okay . CHRIS I use to get really tense before big tennis match . nola uh-huh . CHRIS um , have you ever try yoga ? nola no. CHRIS no ? 33 CUT to : 34 ext . monument / royal court theatre -- day Chris pace , wait for Chloe to return from she audition . nola hi. hello . hi. CHRIS oh , hey . how be it ? nola blew that . it just work , you know , at home , but ... I do not know , I just can never really pull through in the end . CHRIS you will . you will . nola yeah . you know what , I could actually use a drink just to pull myself together -~- a little bit . CHRIS sure . nola okay . CHRIS this way ... CUT to : int . bar -~ day Chris and nola be seat at a bar . nola drain she wine glass and hand it to a waitress . nola what be I say ? um , my sister go to college for a couple of year , but I be like you , I be self teach . you should see my sister . she 's ... she 's very beautiful but she 's lose in drug and ... CHRIS I be sure she 's not more beautiful that you be . 35 nola what I be be sexy . but Linda -~ my sister -- be classically beautiful . CHRIS so you be aware of you affect on man ? nola before my parent split they use to put she in this pageant . CHRIS mmm—hmm . nola it 's just a joke . CHRIS what do you father do ? nola um .. - he leave . and never send any money . and my mother could never hold down a job . CHRIS no ? nola no . her problem be that she drank . CHRIS mmm . how do you meet Tom ? nola um , we meet at a party . he see I across the room and he hone in on I like a guide missile . and I like he right off . you know , I think , um , well I think he 's very handsome . do not you ? CHRIS very . and he ask you to marry he ? nola mmm . well , he sweep I off of my foot with present and you know ... what do I know about that kind of life ? I be just a starve actress from Boulder , Colorado . 36 CHRIS mmm . nola mmm . I have another bad marriage behind I . that 's another reason she hate I . CHRIS who ? nola Eleanor . Tom 's mother . she want he to marry this girl name olivia who I think be a distant cousin . I do not know . it 's , it 's sick . it 's such a inbred family . it 's ... CHRIS and be it love at first sight for you too ? nola um ... I think he be very handsome . you know , and I tell you I be just ... I be overwhelm with attention . so , what about you and Chloe ? CHRIS she 's very sweet . nola mmm . she be very sweet . and she want to marry you . CHRIS I do not think she mother would approve of that either . nola no . no , it 's different . I do not buy into Eleanor , and she know it , but you ... be be groom . CHRIS Mom . nola you mark my word . they almost die when they think Chloe have run off with some guy that run a gastro pub in the city . ( more ) 3 ? nola ( cont would ) but ... you be gonna do very well for yourself -- unless you blow it . CHRIS and how be I go to blow it ? nola by make a pass at I . CHRIS and what make you think that 's gonna happen ? nola Men always seem to wonder . they think I would be something very special . CHRIS and be you ? nola well noone 's ever ask for they money back . CHRIS where be ali this confidence when you need it in the audition ? nola I have have too much to drink . can you get I a cab ? CHRIS sure . cur to : ext . hedley estate driveway -~ day alec 's mercede pull through the gate and up to the front of the house . his chauffeur open the car door for he . alec thank you . you be drive a bit fast , be not you ? - CUT to : ext . hedley estate stable ~- day Chloe , Tom , nola , and Chris walk through the stable . chloe which one be he in ? tom second one , over there . chloe so , do you think he 's gonna be all right ? tom well , yeah , carmichael come and a have a look at he the other week and he say that ... nola oh he 's so sweet . tom basically , the problem with the right hind be gonna , well , it should have dissipate fully already but ... nola Tom , can I feed he ? tom yeah , yeah , wack he some hay . chloe Tom , do you think he 's gonna be able to play on Sunday ? - ' tom well , he will play on Sunday ... but it 's just the problem with the fact that it 's only Lopez who can ride he and he 's injure at the moment . nola ( to horse ) hey baby . tom I mean , we be just have a bloody nightmare with injury . nola ( to horse ) you be so beautiful . 38 cur to : 39 int . hedley estate gunroom —- day alec lift shotgun part from a cluttere bench and assemble they . alec ( to Chris , nearby ) what would you say to the idea of take a business course at school that the company would pay for ? CHRIS I do not know . alec I have have very good feedback on you work , and the beginning of next year there 's go to be a very significant position open up . one that carry a great deal of responsibility and pay accordingly . plus there be a number of perk : expense account , driver , etcetera . we have be focus on someone else , but it 's obvious . to I that you and Chloe have become close , although I would not consider it if I do not think you be qualified . CHRIS I would hate to disappoint you . reveal Tom stand in the doorway . tom oh , excuse I . alec come on , Chris . tom we be nearly ready . CHRIS thanks Tom . cur to : ext . hedley estate ground -- day a clay pigeon fly through the air , then crash to the ground . Tom clutches a shotgun . Chloe , Alex , and guest stand watch . tom ( to Chris ) never mind , fella . Chris lower he shotgun and remove he ear defender . he turn , look at Tom . tom this be basically a tune - up for the grouse season which be start up . CHRIS oh. tom but it 's , um , bloody good fun . chloe do not frighten he . his shoot 's not really up to he tennis , poor thing . alec I will make a accomplish grouse shooter of he yet . do not you worry , Chris . tom quite right , papa . alec come on , Chloe . int . hedley estate chloe' bedroom -- day Chris enter to find Chloe lie on the bed read a book . CHRIS hi , darling . have you see my strindberg book ? 40 cur to : chloe no. int . hedley estate live room -- day Tom and nola play chess . alec enter . alec how do the audition go ? nola oh , it be pretty awful , I be afraid . tom it 's she own fault , bless she . she just tighten up . alec well , I be sure something worthwhile will come along . nola unfortunately , there 's just not anything right now that I be not great for . Eleanor , seat nearby , react . eleanor so how long do you keep it up ? nola how long ? eleanor well if time pass and nothing significant materialize , how long do you keep on go before you decide that ... to try something else ? tom I hardly think nola 's reach that point , mother . Al cur to : 42 eleanor I be not say that . all I be say be you give act a try for a time and if you keep be disappointed you have to ask yourself the question : " be this really what I want in my life ? be this ... what I want ? " nocla well I do ask myself that . eleanor see ? it 's only logical , Tom . especially for a woman . it 's a particularly cruel business for a woman , and as you get older , and time pass , if nothing happen it get harder and harder . alec Eleanor , nola be not exactly over the hill . eleanor I be not say " now " . alec oh. eleanor but I be a great one for face up to reality . tom well you take on this reality be you own opinion and nothing else . and frankly , not everybody else be interested in hearing about then . alec Tom , do not you raise you voice to you mother , please . eleanor | well ... tom I be not raise my voice . and I be sorry , papa , but she 's always on nola ' 's case , continually discouraging she via ... innuendo , 43 eleanor all . I be say be act 's so will - o' - the-wisp . that that have it know it right off . to pursue it because you do not want to admit defeat to friend back home be , frankly , unrealistic . I be sorry but that 's the way I feel . nola Excuse I , tom nola ~- nola it 's okay . I would like to be alone , thanks . nola turn and go . tom ( to Eleanor ) well thank you very much . and I be sorry if I be raise my voice now but you know that 's she Achilles 's heel emotionally . alec he 's right , Eleanor . I think you have have one too many G and T 's . cur to : int . / ext . hedley estate -- day Chris wander the estate look for nola . finally , he spot she . CHRIS I be look for you . nola I be upset . I just want to be alone . CHRIS I do not mean to intrude . nola I need a drink . 44 CHRIS I like you when you drink . you get flirtatious . nola do I ? CHRIS yeah . confident . nola I do not think this be a good idea . you should not have follow I here . CHRIS do you feel guilty ? nola do you ? this kiss passionately . nola we can not do this . CHRIS I know . again , they kiss . nola this can not lead anyplace ... they pull at each other 's clothes ... cur to : int . business school classroom ~- day Chris , seat in the classroom with other student , look up from he study and admire he surroundings . cur to : int . royal opera house BOX ~~ night Chris and Chloe sit next to one another watch a female performer on the stage below . Tom , seat behind they , reach into he jacket and take out a mobile phone . 45 tom hello ? ( to nola , nearby ) darling , I think it 's for you . nola take the phone from he . tom but take it outside . nola stand and step through the doorway into the corridor outside . nola ( into phone ) well there 's hope at least . er , when 's the call back ? just let I know when you hear anything at all ' cause I really think I could be great in this part . yeah , okay , bye . Chris enter the corridor and walk up to she . CHRIS why have you be so cold to I ? nola TI have not be cold . CHRIS yes you have . ever since we come back from the countryside , you have be distant , evasive . nola I do not want to encourage anything . what happen , happen , Chris . I mean , the moment be very out of control for many reason . I be upset , I be drink , and the storm be overpower . CHRIS oh , stop rationalize . nola I be not rationalize . passion be passion but we be both very involved with other people . CHRIS you be not such a good actress , you know . it 's not possible . 46 nola look , you daydream about make love to I and I be not say the fantasy do not cross my mind , okay ? we have we moment . but , you know , let 's move on , get back to reality . Chris , we be gonna be brother and sister - in-law . CHRIS . you be exactly as I picture you would be make love , he move in to kiss she but she push he away . nola Chris , forget it . it 's over . cuT to : ext . cartier bond STREET -— day Chris exit a jeweller 's store clutching several bag and walk to he jaguar . a chauffeur hold the rear passenger door open for he . CHRIS thanks . unexpectedly , he see Henry across the street . CHRIS Henry ! hey , how be you ? henry Chris . all right . God , look at you man ! CHRIS good to see you . they approach one another . henry yeah , look like you be do all right for yourself , be not you ? CHRIS thanks . be you still do the tennis tour ? 47 henry yeah , I love it . I love it . look at this car . CHRIS yeah ? oh do not worry . it 's not mine . it 's the company 's . henry yeah . I , I , I know you find it a bit of a grind , do not you ? but I be still circle the globe , delude myself . CHRIS I just could not stand it . henry no . no , I hear you go into business . CHRIS I be a wheel in a office if you can believe it . henry a big wheel . CHRIS it 's who you know , Henry . I get involved with a woman . very nice . family 's get nothing but money , big estate , servant , polo pony . all quite lovely . henry hey , look , I understand , it beat get you heart break all the time by the top seed . CHRIS be not it amazing how much of life turn on whether the ball go over the net or come right back at you ? henry I always admire you game though , you know ? CHRIS thanks . 48 henry you be very steady . cool under pressure but creative . you could be a poet with the racket like laver be . CHRIS I lose to you as much as I beat you . henry no . when I play you , you never beat yourself . I be tell you , a couple of bounce the other way you might have beat some of that top seed . CHRIS listen , can I buy you lunch ? henry that 's ... what about next time I be in town ? give I you number ? CHRIS certainly . um , I be move into a new flat so this be my business card . you should call I any time . henry very impressive . CHRIS so good to see you , Henry . you look very , very well . henry and you mate . you look very , very well . CHRIS I can buy we lunch . put it on the expense account , so ... henry very well . CHRIS ++ edo call . 49 henry good . yeah , yeah . bye . CUT to : int . belgravia house live room -- evening guest mill about chatter . alec +»- oh my God ... chloe »«eright there . she 's get glass on . alec but why on earth ... why on earth do you mother invite she ? chloe she meet she at the supermarket yesterday and invite she . alec the supermarket ? chloe yes . CHRIS «+.- can you play the piano ? chloe no , I be terrible at the piano . Eleanor step behind they . eleanor so -~ when be you two get marry ? chloe mummy ! alec - oh gosh , Eleanor ! eleanor oh , do not look so surprised . you have be like two peas in a pod for a long time now . 50 chloe stop it . alec Eleanor , please . that 's ... eleanor do not tell I the subject have not come up . chloe mummy , come with I . you need a strong cup of coffee . alec oh dear , dear , dear . eleanor well ... chloe come on . e@ Eleanor turn and follow Chloe . alec Eleanor do not hold back when she 's have a few . CHRIS er , look , it 's a reasonable question . Chloe and I have discuss it . alec Eleanor and I would be delighted to welcome you to the family . Tom would love you as a brother - in - law and whatever you two need , you can always rely on we . CHRIS I appreciate that . CUT to : int . belgravia house hallway / reception room ~~ evening e@ Chris wander down stairway and through corridor , sip he drink . CUT to : 51 int . belgravia house ~~ evening Tom and nola kiss passionately in the pantry . nola remove she underwear . tom um , um , um , um , darling , one second . I just think we , um ... startle , she straighten she top and gesture -~ Chris stand outside in the garden , watch through a window . tom you two have meet , have not you ? I be sure you have meet ... cur to : ext . belgravia house garden ~- moment later Tom and nola greet Chris . CHRIS I be sorry . um , who would have think ? tom what ? that we be hide in the pantry ? it be all she fault you know . like how can I help if she get turn on by sexual intimacy in place where we know we be gonna get catch ? nola you be ... you ! the risky business be you idea . tom all man who see you want to attack you . be not that right , Christopher ? ( Chris frown ) oh God , be you all right ? CHRIS I be fine . I should not be drink . on a empty stomach ... cuT to : 52 ext . village church -- day establish . CUT to : int . village church ~- continuous Chloe and Chris stand at the altar . vicar I now pronounce you man and wife . you may kiss the bride . Chris pull back Chloe 's veil -- they kiss . cut to : int . modern flat -- day Chris and Chloe enter the flat . CHRIS oh my god . this be incredible . chloe be not be ? CHRIS what 's up here ? chloe that 's a bedroom . CHRIS mmmm . chloe there 's another bedroom through there . the bathroom and a kitchen ... a little terrace ... CHRIS wow . chloe but look at this view . 53 CHRIS oh , it 's breathtaking . I just -~ wish I could afford it . chloe oh , do not bring that up again . you know it give papa pleasure to help . come on . look at the light come through every day . CHRIS it 's beautiful . it 's huge , I be gonna get lose in here or something . do I tell you I be scared of height ? chloe really ? CHRIS yeah . chloe I want you to make I pregnant . CHRIS Chloe ~- we discuss this . it 's very quick . chloe ft 's not quick , we have be sleep together for age . and I want three shild and I want they when I be ang . 6 bim . chloe come on , you can do it . you have get @ powerful serve . cuT to : vennis club court -~- day | chxis play tennis . Tom accidentally hit the ball net , CHRIS heyl where be you ? 54 tom I know , I know . I be sorry . not good . listen , I have get to tell you something . CHRIS what ? tom well , nola and I -- break up . CHRIS no? tom yeah . or I should say I call it off . CHRIS I think you be gonna get marry . tom yeah , well , it 's rather @ embarrassing to say but I think mother rather poison the well on that one . not that I have any intention in marrying olivia - ~ sodd - all who 's she main candidate . God , no . CHRIS I be sorry . I do not understand . tom I suppose '' the whole truth , nothing but the truth , so help I God '' part of the situation be that ... I have meet someone else . yeah . I have meet someone and I fall in love and I just know right away . although the fact that my mother be in seventh heaven about she ... I keep try to tell myself it be not a factor , but ... you know what I mean . cut to : @ int . hewett inc CHRIS ' office -~ day Chris dial nola 's phone number but receive a automated message : 55 female automate voice the number you be call be not available . the number you be call not available . he hang up the phone . cuUT to : ext . residential STREET -~ day Chris walk along the pavement , then climb the step to a apartment building where a custodian stand repair the intercom . CHRIS Excuse I . Chris press the intercom button . custodian be you look for miss Rice ? CHRIS yes . custodian she 's go . saw she yesterday . she 's , er , she 's give up the apartment . CHRIS do she say where ? custodian not to I . CHRIS thanks . custodian that 's all right . Chris turn and head back down the step , discourage . cuT to : int . modern flat bedroom ~- night Chloe and Chris be lie in bed . 56 chloe what be you think about ? CHRIS nothing . just business . chloe mmm-hmm . you know it 's be over a week since we make love . CHRIS oh , Chloe , I be beat . chloe be I be reject ? CHRIS of course not . chloe okay , I can take a hint . meanwhile , I do not know what 's wrong . all my cousin get pregnant so easy . CHRIS look ... it will happen . I be just really tired . kiss ? they kiss . CHRIS sweet dream . he lay back and switch off the light . cut to : int . village chruch ~~ day Heather and Tom stand at the altar . vicar I now pronounce you man and wife . you may kiss the bride . Tom pull back Heather 's veil and kiss she . heather just in time . I be almost start to show . 57 he rest he head against hers . cur to : int . tate modern gallery -- day Chloe and Carol admire a painting . carol well , you have to see a fertility doctor . chloe I know . we have try everything . carol what about this ? they study the painting closely . chloe his brush stroke be really intense , be not they ? carol yeah . I do not like it . carol no , would you ever consider adopt ? chloe no , absolutely not . I want my own child . they step over to another painting . carol this one ? chloe um , sort of . carol do I tell you Victoria phyfe be pregnant ? chloe really ? carol she 's so happy . chloe whoa . carol her and she husband just find each other . all they neurosis intertwine so perfectly and it just work like a charm . after all the unhappy relationship , they meet during a traffic accident . chloe god. carol I know , it 's great . hewett inc CHRIS ' office -- day Chris clutches the telephone receiver . CHRIS well , we lawyer be go over it as we speak ... you will have a draft by Friday . I promise . if I have to work all night ... okay . thank you . thanks . . CHRIS samantha , can I have two aspirin , please ? CHRIS thanks . CHRIS tell I , samantha -~- do you ever feel claustrophobic in here ? samantha no , not really . 58 cut to : he hang up , lean back in he chair , loosen he shirt a moment later , samantha enter with a glass of water and he take the tablet from she and pop they in he mouth . 59 CHRIS oh Christ ! I have get to meet my wife at the tate modern . there 's a new painter she want to show I . if they call back , samantha , tell they Friday . not before . goodnight . he exit . cur to : ext . side - STREET / tate modern gallery -- day Chris enter . cur to : int . tate modern gallery ~~ day Chris wander around the gallery , look for Chloe . she spot he first . chloe Chris ~~ CHRIS oh , I be look for you . hi Carol . carol hi , Chris . CHRIS how be you , darling ? carol good . chloe they have get the most amazing new artist here . CHRIS yeah ? * carol I want you to see this woman from St. ive . chloe oh , yes . Chris happen to notice nola stand in the near distance , admire a large canvas . CHRIS look , where be you go to be ? chloe why ? CHRIS I have to make a phone call and I can not get any reception down here . chloe well , we will be over there . but hurry ' cause they be close soon , CHRIS I be come . chloe okay . CHRIS e okay . Chris walk across the galley to nola . CHRIS hello . what a surprise . nola I , um ... I move back into town . CHRIS I do not know you would leave town . nola yeah . I be really upset about everything that happen so I just go back to America to look for a job . CHRIS I think you hate that place . nola anyplace but here . @ CHRIS I look for you . 61 nola for. what ? CHRIS you be still so angry . where be you live ? nola in town . why ? CHRIS you live alone ? nola why be you ask I this question ? be not you still marry ? CHRIS can I meet you for a drink ? where can I reach you ? come on ... Chloe approach . e chloe my goodness . hello . CHRIS my darling . look who I bump into . chloe hi. nola hi.. chloe how be you . nola I be good . how be you ? chloe you look great . nola thanks . how 's Tom ? chloe @ he 's fine . really well . nola yeah , I hear he get marry . chloe yeah . they have get a baby . nola oh. chloe you know Tom , all settle down . Carol approach . carol okay , I think I have find it . chloe do you two know each other ? this be my friend , Carol . this be nola . carol hi. nola hi. chloe we have be look everywhere for this video installation . we can not find it at all . will you excuse we ? I think it 's on the third floor , be not it ? carol yeah . no , no , I think it 's back there . Carol and Chloe step away . CHRIS ( to nola ) say you phone number . nola what 's the point ? CHRIS just say you phone number . nola Chris . CHRIS please ... say you phone number . 62 63 nola 02079460996 . CHRIS I will call you . he exit . cur to : ext . STREET / doctor' office -- day Chris follow Chloe down the step . chloe I think he really know what he 's do . do not you get a good feel about he ? CHRIS to I , fertility doctor be a cut above witch doctor . chloe oh , yeah . well he 's not like the last one . they arrive at Chris ' jaguar . chloe I feel like it 's gonna happen this time . - CHRIS you go ahead . I have get a few meeting . chloe I 'il drop you . she climb inside . CHRIS no , it 's okay . it 's nearby . I '11 ] walk . chloe okay . CHRIS see you at home . chloe bye . he blow she a kiss as the jaguar pull away . int . nola' flat -- day 64 cur to : nola and Chris lie together on the bed kissing passionately . int . nola' flat -— later Chris be now seat on the edge of the bed . they kiss . CHRIS you have a very charming flat . the area 's not as run-down as you say it be . nola um , I be lucky to find it on such short notice . CHRIS mmm-hmm . nola I mean it 's not perfect . the building 's be burglarize a couple of time and the woman down the hall have mouse but ... you know , the lobby 's decent . the key word be cheap . CHRIS mmm . what time be it . nola time for you to go . CHRIS it 's so hard to leave you ... cur to : cur t0 ; 65 int . modern flat -- morning Chris and Chloe be seat at either end of a dining table . chloe how would you sleep ? CHRIS good . chloe God , do you see that stuff on the news last night about that earthquake in China ? CHRIS mmm. terrible . chloe and there be this whole thing about how they discover a entirely new planet . CHRIS yeah ? chloe yeah . ( beat ) I go look for space to rent for the new gallery yesterday . papa 's get so into the idea . ~ CHRIS it should be good for you . I have get to go to work . chloe oh , really ? CHRIS mmm—hmm . chloe it be kind of hope we might , you know ... before you go to work . - it 's my time of the month and remember the doctor say we really should try and do it as often as we possibly can in the morning . 66 CHRIS darling , I be gonna be late . chloe come one , it will be fun . wait , I have get to take my temperature first . she place a thermometer in she mouth . cur to : ext . STREET / nola' flat ~- day nola and Chris walk along the pavement . nola so , you wanna meet the same time next week ? CHRIS let I come up . nola we just spend a hour at the hotel . do not tell I that you ... CHRIS I be sorry . I can not help it . you drive I crazy . nola you be gonna be late for work . ~ CHRIS I do not care . come on . they enter the nola 's apartment building together . cut to : int . flat stair -- continuous Chris and nola kiss as they climb the stair to she flat . a door open to reveal Mrs. eastby . . nola oh , Mrs. eastby , hello . mrs . eastby oh , hello . 67 nola hey , do you get that , uh , pest control ... mrs . eastby oh. yes . yes . the trap work better with a little peanut butter . it 's much better than cheese despite the popular notion that cheese be best . nola oh , this be , er , Mr. Harris . CHRIS good afternoon . how be you ? mrs . eastby hello , hello . CHRIS good to meet you . nola see you later . mrs . eastby bye-bye . nola bye . nola and Chris enter nola 's flat . cur to : int . nola' flat -- continuous Chris toss nola 's handbag to the floor and pull off he jacket . nola push the door close , remove Chris ' tie , and blindfold he with it as she unbutton he shirt . cur to : int . locanda locatelli restaurant / bar ~~ night Heather and Tom be seat with Chris and Chloe . 68 tom but I think that bruton Street would be perfect for the gallery because it 's just right in the thick of thing and ... it' 1ll just be a natural success I think , because you be great at pick out painting and bric -a~brac . heather yeah . chloe know my luck , I '1l get pregnant the minute it open . tom yeah , well , you can manage both . I mean , heths do not have a problem give up adair when we first have rosie . heather remember , we do have a lot of help though . tom hmm . heather but the nanny leave we . she get a part in a movie . chloe no?_ heather yeah . tom oh , actually , you know , you know who we bump into the other day ? obviously you know but ... heather yeah . tom »-.nola . chloe well , I tell you , we see she ... when be it ? Ages ago now . 69 CHRIS mmm . tom yeah . well I think she 's now work in a boutique on ledbury Road . I think it 's Paul or Joe 's or something . heather mmm . tom but she 's just such a odd girl . I mean she still look great . sorry but it 's true . er -- but something 's just ... change in she face . I mean I , we barely speak . heather Tom say she look a bit hard . tom yeah , well , she 's always , you know , be a lady of the sauce so to speak . and I think it kind of run in the family , but ... I do not know . I mean she 's still get that " come hither '' look . chloe be she go out with anyone ? tom strangely , I forget to ask . burt and Phoebe approach . burt hello , Tom . phoebe hello . tom hello , fella . burt what be you do here ? tom we just pop in for a bit of , you know , local tagliatelle . 70 chloe my goodness , how be you ? phoebe good to see you . what a lovely family gather . burt well , you should have tell we you would make a , a , we would have make a sextet ... tom 7e +a sextet . we could have have one of that . phoebe be you guy go to hedley next month ? chloe ( to Heather ) »-- yeah , we be gonna try . be not we ? heather yeah , we be gonna try , yeah . I know Tom 's die to get away . burt hey , I be yell at you the other day . you do not , you do not hear I . - CHRIS I ? burt yeah , you be hail a cab on melcombe Street about , er , what , five o'clock ? I would have give you a lift . CHRIS I be ? tom where 's melcombe Street ? CHRIS no , not I . 71 burt yes -- I mean it certainly look like you . chloe where be melcombe Street ? CHRIS no , I be afraid you nre mistaken . but people be always take I for other people . so ... burt I would have swear it be you . chloe well , it certainly would not be Chris hail a cab . he 's completely dependant on we driver . very annoying . tom quite right . burt you should check for early Alzheimer 's , you be forget . I be sure I be right . CHRIS no , you be mistaken . but ... thank you for think of I . tom I think the only thing that come out of this conversation be that you be both nut . burt yeah , well , you be a authority on that . tom or drunk . burt look , we would better be go . look , call I . tom I will do . 72 CHRIS enjoy you supper . heather bye . see you . burt thanks . burt and Phoebe step away . tom ( to Heather / Chloe / Chris ) '' nut . cuT to : int . hewett inc CHRIS ' office -- day Chris enter . CHRIS good afternoon , ingrid ... samantha , what do we have for this afternoon ? samantha er , just the sarazin people at two . CHRIS can we push it a hour ? I should be back in time but if I be not , please make they comfortable . - samantha yeah . Rod , stand at the reception desk , overhear they conversation . rod Chris -- where be you off to ? CHRIS I '' sorry , Rod . I have get a appointment . - rod we have sarazin and company this afternoon . 73 CHRIS I should be back in time but if I be not , please start without I . rod really ? CHRIS it 's okay . it 's important . trust I . cut to : ext , STREET -- day nola and Chris walk together . nola it 's ridiculous to go back to my place . once we get there you will have less than a hour . CHRIS look , it 's not that I be miserable with Chloe , it 's just ... nola I do not wanna talk about Chloe any more . CHRIS listen , it 's just I be bored ! I mean , she 's very nice but ... nola Chris ! CHRIS be you in a bad mood ? nola yes , I be in a bad mood . cur tos int . bar -- day Chris and nola sit at the bar . 74 nola I just blow another audition . I be so sick of the act thing , it 's just not work out . CHRIS it 's a hard field . you have to keep plugging at it . nola I be sick of plugging . Tom 's mother be right . it just get to a point . or should I say you mother - in- law ? CHRIS hey , look -- let 's not go into one of that , okay ? nola I do not know what I be do with you . you be never gonna leave Chloe . CHRIS maybe I will . nola do not say that unless you mean it . CHRIS Chloe 's just so desperate to get pregnant . I mean , it 's mechanical . T do not know what I would do if I could not see you . really , I mean it .. cur to : int . belgravia house live room ~~ day Tom , Chloe and family be seat around a Christmas tree . tom merry bloody Christmas . eleanor - Lovely . chloe how many cigarettes be you gonna smoke today ? 75 tom a million , at least . eleanor please do not start smoking . chloe well , it be Christmas . eleanor it 's such a pity . tom come on , just a little one . eleanor tf you think you be go to be live forever , you be not ... elsewhere , Chris talk softly into he mobile phone . CHRIS ( to nola ) I want to wish you a merry Christmas . I have be think about you ... I may be able to get away tomorrow for a hour or so ... okay . see you then . bye-bye . alec there you be , Chris ... alec enter from the stairway . . alec Chloe tell I you have sustained some personal loss in the market over the past few month ... CHRIS well , I guess I have be a little bit careless , not concentrate . and of course I think I make good decision but ... alec well , who could have predict . look I do not want you and Chloe to worry . you will always have a safety net . CHRIS you be too generous , sir . alec oh , no , you have make Chloe happy and that mean a great deal to Eleanor and I ... 76 CUT to : int . nola' flat -~ day Chris rub baby oil onto nola 's back . they kiss . dissolve to : ext . hedley estate landscaped garden ~- day Chloe and other be seat around a table . burt stand behind Phoebe , toy with she hair . Chris and Tom clutch cup of tea . chloe well I think it 's go to be a amazing holiday . do not you , Chris ? CHRIS yes . phoebe oh , we have a choice of sleep on the boat or in the different hotel . tom ah , .boat . every time . burt Boat . phoebe good . I say the boat . chloe do you know he 's never be to the Greek Islands ? tom - what ? phoebe no ? 77 chloe no , he 's never be . phoebe you will love it . CHRIS no . I have be to athen but I hear the Islands be paradise . tom oh , that remind I , we have to go to sardinia to pop in on Brook and dougie Winston . phoebe oh good . burt oh God . heather no , no , the house be beautiful . tom no , Brook 's fine , dougie 's a nightmare , but ... chloe sound so romantic , do not it ? mykonos and Crete . phoebe yeah . tom yeah . phoebe I be so anxious to see all the beautiful old temple and theater . tom ok God . heather yeah . oh , I 'l ] do that with you . chloe you know , I buy Chris a ancient Greek fertility charm . do you remember ? he lower 78 CHRIS I will never forget . chloe I send off for that fertility thing . he have to put it under he pillow for two month . and absolutely nothing happen , of course . poor thing . I would just subject he to the torture . tom they think he 's fire blank . chloe oh , shut up ! CHRIS ( into mobile phone ) hello ? nola ( on phone ) I miss you . CHRIS ( into phone ) I can not get away right now . nola ( on phone ) well you have to . when can you get here ? CHRIS ( into phone ) tomorrow . no , Monday . look ... it 's a three day weekend . Tuesday . - nola ( on phone ) Chris , I need to see you . CHRIS ( into phone ) I 'il see what I can do . I '11 call you right back . the phone and end the call . chloe ( continue ) ++ I would love to meet barbra streisand . tom oh , she 's mean to be really lovely . she 's with that other american fella . 79 chloe ( be : phone call ) who be that ? CHRIS oh , I be such a idiot . I forget to sign some papers . I have to drive into town . chloe oh , you can not go . it 's a bank holiday weekend . the traffic will be terrible . I mean , we have all get plan . CHRIS I do not mean today . chloe well surely it can wait a couple of day . CHRIS yes , I be sure it can ... CUT to : int . hedley estate dine room —- evening Tom , Heather , Eleanor , alec , Chris , and Chloe be seat around a dining table . alec I think tomorrow we should go for a morning ride . eleanor mmm-hmm . alec I have some lovely new horse . tom do you remember when Chris come here first and he have some serious qualm about riding ? chloe well , this morning he be talk about buy a horse of he own . 80 tom no ? chloe yeah . the housekeeper lean in to Chris . housekeeper telephone call , sir . she say it be important . CHRIS Excuse I , tom ( to alec} tomorrow morning then ? alec do you want to come ? chloe that bloody phone have not stop ringing all weekend ! tom I know . chloe it 's so irritate . cur to : int . hedley estate hallway ~~ continuous Chris follow the housekeeper to the phone . he pick up the receiver . CHRIS ( into phone ) hello ? nola ( on phone ) I try to call you mobile but it 's off . - cbris ( intc phone ) be you mad call I here ? nola ( on phone ) when , when be you come over ? 81 CHRIS ( into phone ) I be try to make it for tomorrow . nola ( on phone ) I can not wait till tomorrow . I be go crazy . CHRIS ( into phone ) what the hell 's the matter ? nola ( on phone ) I be pregnant . CHRIS ( into phone ) I will ... talk to you tomorrow . he slowly lower the receiver . CUT to : int . dine room ~~ continuous Chris enter . @ chloe ( continue ) ..e it be lack of enough vegetable or something . eleanor I wonder if that 's why they take lemon and orange . - tom well , they only have biscuit . well , that 's where Rose 's lime cordial originate ... Chris sit down beside Chloe . chloe who keep call ? christ it be samantha , my secretary . I be afraid I will not be able to go riding tomorrow . I can not help it . tom I think samantha say she be go to she parent this weekend ? 82 CHRIS I know it , it 's all my fault . poor girl . it 's no big deal . i'11 pop back into town . the whole thing ' 1l take a few hour and it will be off my mind . I promise . tom that 's a shame . chloe it 's really sad . eleanor well , it be a pity because I think it 's unfair for samantha too , frankly . heather yeah . alec well , it 's unfortunate , but you know Chris have a lot of responsibility . eleanor well , anyway , less say ... let 's not worry about it . tom slave driver . cuT to : int . nola' flat --— later Chris pace . CHRIS how the hell do you get pregnant ? nola I tell you that weekend last month that we need to be careful and I do not have protection , but you * could not wait . CHRIS what unbelievably bad luck , Christ , I can not get my wife pregnant no matter how hard I try . ( more ) 83 CHRIS ( cont would ) and the minute you be unprotect , I knock you up . nola it 's ' cause you love I and you do not love she . CHRIS be that you interpretation ? nola it 's a child conceive out of genuine passion not as part of some fertility project . CHRIS well I will go with you and we will get it sort . nola I be not do that again . CHRIS again ? what 's that suppose to mean ? nola it 's the third time . I do it once when I be young and then I do it for Tom . I do not want to but he insisted . CHRIS nola , I really can not see any other way . nola why can not I just have it ? CHRIS and then what ? nola . and we will raise it together . CHRIS that 's obviously not possible . nola why ? you hate you job , you hate you life . I mean it seem like a bless . it 's a sign . 84 CHRIS look , nola . I have to go . I be juggling six thing at the same time just to make this trip to the city look legit . I 'li talk to you on Tuesday . nola Chris -- you must ... I expect you to do the right thing , okay ? I be not walk away from this . cur to : int . modern flat - day chloe be anything the matter ? you seem very gloomy all weekend ? CHRIS I want to talk to you . chloe what about ? CHRIS us. chloe be something wrong ? CHRIS yeah . there be . chloe what ? if you be still take a hammer financially in the market , you know it 's not a problen . CHRIS I can not keep lean cn you father , Chloe . chloe * papa get more pleasure cut of help he family than all the possession he own . you know that . ( beat ) what be it ? ( more ) 85 chloe ( cont would ) be it something to do with that phone call you keep get ? ' Cause you act really strangely after each of they . ( beat ) be you have a affair ? CHRIS be I have a affair ? chloe yeah , that 's what I ask . CHRIS ( beat ) no . chloe you be . CHRIS of course I be not . do not be silly . chloe do you not love I any more ? CHRIS oh course I love you . chloe well what 's wrong ? CHRIS I just feel like I be let you down . chloe you be not . be it because I be not get pregnant ? CHRIS I just ... feel so guilty . so terribly guilty . chloe listen , Chris , we have both be to the doctor . we be both perfectly healthy . I can conceive and you be perfectly capable of make a woman pregnant . be it I ? have I be horribly pushy and obnoxious on the subject ? look , I just want a baby . I want to have we baby . we have not be lucky yet , that 's all . 86 CHRIS oh , Chloe . Chris kiss she forehead . chloe let 's get off the subject . have a child should be something that make we both happy and excited , not a cause of all this tension and anxiety and ... they embrace . cur to : ext . park -— — day Chris and Henry be seat on a park bench . CHRIS I have to talk to somebody . I be really suffer . henry whatever you tell I -- go no further . CHRIS I be contemplate leave my wife for another woman . henry uh-huh . CHRIS but when the time come to tell she ..- I could not do it . henry yeah , well , it 's not the easiest thing in the world to do , be it ? CHRIS it 's crazy . I can see no real future with this other woman , and I . have a very comfortable life with my wife . henry yeah , but if you do not love she . CHRIS I be not say I do not love she . just not in the way I feel about this woman . henry right . CHRIS maybe it 's finally the difference between love and lust . but what the hell be I go to do if I leave Chloe , I do not fool myself that I have not get use to a certain kind of live . be I suppose to give it all up ? for what ? henry be it for a woman you love ? CHRIS of live how ? where ? to work as what ? henry well , it seem to I that you , you be pretty good at what you be do . there mist be another job in another firm that you can just , you know ... CHRIS let 's face it . I be the boss 's son - in - law . and he love I . henry do not seem to I like you want this other woman enough to give up everything you have achieve for it . int . bar ~- day Chris and nola be seat at a table . CHRIS we be go away for three week . when I get back , I 'l ] tell she . 87 cur to : 88 nola when you get back ?! what be I suppose to do ? stop play game with I ! CHRIS I be not play game with you . nola why do not you just tell she now then , huh ? I would think you would want to stop live such a sham . CHRIS look -- it 's not easy . nola why not ? if you be so bored at home with she and you be so crazy about I , which be all you ever tell me.e. CHRIS I do not wanna mess this holiday up for everybody , okay ? it 's a big blow . and it 's gonna make a huge impact on everyone . nola how can you go on vacation with a woman that you know you be gonna leave the minute you get back ? CHRIS shh ! keep you voice down . nola you wanna know how I feel , huh ? I be jealous , okay ? I do not like the idea of you make love with she . I do not like the idea of you go off island-hopping with she . it 's romantic ! CHRIS hey . keep you voice down . you know I make love to she . and you know it 's routine . for God 's sake , can not you wait a few week ? nola yeah . I just wanna know that something 's gonna happen , you know ? 89 CHRIS it will . ( beat ) it will . nola okay . cur to : int . art gallery -- day Chris enter to find chioe clutching a notebook . chloe the holiday 's off . CHRIS why ? what happen ? chloe maurice Lewis have to go in for a operation . CHRIS why ? chloe disc in he back or something . he can not walk . anyway , he need recovery time and everyone think we should just move it till after the summer . CHRIS mmm—hmm . chloe let I just pack up my stuff . we should probably walk to the opera , it 's so close . CHRIS yeah . Chris 's mobile phone ring . he answer . nola ( on phonei hello ? Chris slowly lower the mobile phone and rest it against he lip . 90 nola ( on phone ) hello ? he end the call and place the phone back in he pocket . CUT to : int . royal opera house ~~ night Chris , chlee , alec , Eleanor , and Tom be seat together watch the opera below . CUT to : int . modern flat -- day Chloe fold laundry while alec confer with Chris . alec a opportunity have arisen , Chris , which I think may be a very lucrative one for you . CHRIS really ? alec we be structuring something with a japanese company . it 's a independent operation . there 's a great deal of money to be make . and my think be , anyone in on the ground floor stand to profit hugely , assume we prediction be correct , and they be . Eleanor enter . alec Eleanor , I have just tell Chris the good news . eleanor mmmm , but what would make I the happiest have nothing to do with . money . I would like you to make I a young grandmother . alec oh ... 91 chloe you already be a young grandmother . eleanor yes . Tom and Heather be try for they second but I would like you to be a mother . oh , all right . do not look at I like that . I will be quiet . what would you like for you birthday ? chloe I do not know . CHRIS you birthday ? chloe great . you forget . CHRIS I do not actually . I buy you something already ... chloe ha ha . so my hint work ... mummy , we be try . we just do not want CO ... eleanor all right , I be sorry . Chris raise he mobile phone to he ear . CHRIS ( into phone ) hello ? nola ( on phone ) Chris ? he move to exit . CHRIS Excuse I . alec by all mean . chloe «ee weigh as much as I do . look , please relax , okay ? 92 eleanor yes , darling . I speak out of turn . I be sorry . alec what be you two bicker about ? eleanor nothing . cur to : int . modern flat bedroom -- continuous from afar , Chris watch over Chloe , alec , and Eleanor as he speak secretively into the mobile phone . CHRIS ( into phone ) I tell you not to call I , I would call you . nola ( on phone ) well , I , I , I be wait for you to call . I have be wait a week . CHRIS ( into phone ) well , there 's always people around and I can not talk . nola ( on phone ) when be you come home ? CHRIS ( into phone ) in about two week . nola ( on phone ) about two week ! you say the whole trip be three week ! CHRIS ( into phone ) yeah , right . Three week . chloe ( 0.s. ) Chris , mummy and papa be leave ... . CHRIS okay , okay . nola ( on phone ) who be that ? what country be you in ? you mobile 's be impossible . 93 CHRIS ( into phone ) I tell you . I be in Greece . and there 's always people around so I can not talk . I say I would be home soon and I will call you . nola ( on phone ) I be just lonely . I be anxious . can you just please tell Chloe as soon as you get home . I just want this situation resolve . ( beat ) do you miss I ? CHRIS ( into phone ) okay . bye , bye . from below , Chloe call up to he . chloe Chris , be everything okay ? CHRIS yeah , everything 's fine . be you leave already ? . chloe yeah ... cur to : ext . asprey' -- day nola exit a shop clutching several bag . she stop when she see Chris , unaware of she , get into he car . nola watch , stunne , as the car pull away . cur to : int , nola' flat -- evening nola ( into phone ) Chris , it 's nola . where have I reach you ? . CHRIS ( on phone ) sardinia . I will be back in five or six day , okay ? 94 nola hang up the phone . CUT to : ext . modern flat -~ day Chris exit he apartment building . his chauffeur , John , stand nearby . CHRIS good morning , John . chauffer oh , you be early , sir . i'1l bring the car around . CHRIS yes . the chauffeur go to fetch the car just as nola arrive unexpectedly . nola you lie to I . you lie to I ! CHRIS oh jesus. quiet ! nola I wanna see Chloe ! christ quiet , quiet . nola I wanna talk to Chloe . CHRIS look , Christ , Christ . no , no , ho , listen . listen , I can explain . nola I wanna talk to Chloe ! you be a lair ! you be a liar ! you be a liar ! CHRIS * I can explain . I can explain . i...taxil Chris hail a taxi . 95 nola I be not go anywhere with you . I be not go anywhere with you . I be not go anywhere with you . CHRIS taxi ! okay , calm down . calm down , nola . nola , calm down . calm down . nola you be a liar ! you be a liar ! you be a liar ! you be a liar ! CHRIS calm down . I come home deliberately , I come home early . sshh ! nola sshh , sshh , sshh . calm down . calm ... calm the fuck down ! I wanna talk to Chloe ! I wanna talk to Chloe ! I wanna talk to Chloe . you liar ! you be a liar ! Chris push she into a taxi . CHRIS sshh , sshh . nola you be a liar ! he get inside the taxi with Chloe and close the door . the taxi pull away . CUT to : int . nola' flat -— day CHRIS ++.- I decide to cut the trip short because all this be eat away at I . I only come back the day before yesterday because I need a week in the city to deal with Chloe without . you breathe down my neck . nola you be drive I crazy ! I do not know whether to believe you or not . 96 CHRIS please believe I , nola . nola well , do you tell she ? CHRIS I be about to when you call . nola what do that have to do with anything ? CHRIS I get flustered . nola oh , please ! CHRIS I be all set to tell she and then you call and then I feel guilty about tell you that I be still in Greece . nola you say sardinia . CHRIS I , I be talk fast . I , I do not want she to know what I be talk about . nola well , she have to know eventually . CHRIS I can not tell she . nola then I will . CHRIS nola , stop ! nola well , this be crazy . we be have a child together . CHRIS we do not have to have a child together . it would make life a hell of a lot simpler if we do not . 37 nola yeah , simpler for you but not for I . CHRIS it occur to I that even if you have the child , I could help you out financially . nola that 's not enough . CHRIS nola , be reasonable . nola that 's exactly what Tom say when he break off we engagement . be reasonable get I where I be right now . CHRIS so you be threaten I ? if I do not do what you say , you be gonna go to my wife ? nola be you lie to I ? all that time we make love , all that conversation , be you lie to I then ? CHRIS of course I be not lie . nola tell Chloe . someone have to explain the situation . either you do it or I will do it . CHRIS okay , okay . I will do the right thing . cut to : 98 int . modern flat bedroom ~- night Chris lie in bed awake next to Chloe , who be sleep . distraught , he sit up on the edge of the bed and rub he face . cur to : ext . hedley estate gunroom -- day Chris enter the darken room and place he tennis bag onto a bench . he approach a gun cabinet and unlock it . he open the glass door , take out a shotgun , dismantle it , and place gun part and ammo into the tennis bag . cuT to : int . hedley estate live room -- day Heather sit read . Chloe enter . chloe have you see Chris ? heather a minute ago . he go that way . Heather point . Chloe step in that direction and continue through a doorway and into the hallway . . chloe Chris ? Chris ? CUT to : int . hedley estate gunroom -- continuous Chris zip the tennis bag shut and close the gun cabinet door . chloe ( 0.s. ) Chris ? where be you , Chris ? cur to : int . 39 hedley estate hallway -- continuous Chloe continue she search for Chris . int . eleanor ( 0.s ) ( from upstair ) Chloe , be you there ? chloe have you see Chris anywhere ? eleanor no . could you come up for a minute ? I want you to give I some advice about this address . chloe yeah , ok . curt to : nola' flat -- day CHRIS I be tell Chloe tomorrow . nola you say that every day and you always back out . I be back where I start . I want something do , Chris . if you do not have the nerve to do it , I will do it . - CHRIS that would be revenge for you against the whole hewett family , would not it ? nola what the hell be that suppose to mean ? my theory be you want I to tell Chloe so you do not have to do it yourself . CHRIS my God , it seem like you have have this whole thing check out by some psychiatrist . 100 nola I wish . I wish I have someone to confide in but it 's all so damn secretive . look , Chris , if I do not do something about this , we be gonna grow apart . I be have you child ! CHRIS I be tell she tomorrow , nola . what more do you want I to do ? nola what more ? tell she now ! tell she tonight ! CHRIS I can not , not before she go to sleep . it would not be the right time . nola , tomorrow be fine . what time will you get back from work ? nola same time I always get off . six - thirty . CHRIS so you will be home by a quarter to seven ? nola yeah . Chris , you make I say this thing - I hate myself for they . I just want we to be together . CHRIS we will be . cut to : int . modern flat kitchen -- night Chris enter , follow by Chloe . chloe you be very nervy all through the ballet . do you hate it ? CHRIS no , I '' just all out of sort . 101 chloe yeah . I think you be gonna pass out . CHRIS low blood sugar . I will be better soon . chloe I still can not do it with you tonight . I be not over my little dose of whatever . CHRIS ow . she look down at Chris 's tennis bag , then crouch and unzip it . chloe do the cleaner put one of my tennis shirt in with you gear ? CHRIS no . what be you do ? chloe really ? just let I have a quick look . I can not find it anywhere . CHRIS no. look , I '11 check . i'1 ] 1 check . I have get everything arrange in there . chloe okay . I be not gonna disturb anything ... I do not know where else it can be . she 's always bloody mixing my stuff in with yours . Chris remove she shirt and then zip the bag back up . CHRIS be this it ? he realize that a shotgun cartridge have fall out of the bag and onto the floor . Chris pick it up and place it into he pocket . chloe see ? I know it . she always bloody do that . ( more ) 102 chloe ( cont would ) I have get to have word with she about it . it 's really ... what do you . just put in you pocket ? CHRIS oh , it 's just my pill box . chloe what do you mean a pill box ? CHRIS a pill box . you know what a pill box look like . chloe let I have a look at it . what pill be you take ? CHRIS no -- they be just my pill . I need they . no , no , no , it 's for stress , ' cause you stress I so much . ( change the subject ) guess what ? chloe what ? CHRIS I get ticket for the theatre for tomorrow night . chloe you have not ? that 's not like you . - CHRIS mmm—hmm . chloe what for ? CHRIS " the woman in White '' . chloe I hear it 's great . I think you hate musical . CHRIS no , that 's not sc . and anyway , you love he music . chloe well that 's great . 103 CHRIS mmm . chloe I will have to meet you outside the theatre ' cause I will be come straight from the gallery . CHRIS why do not you take the chauffeur ? I will grab a taxi and with any luck I can get a hour of tennis in . chloe you be so sweet . you know how much T want to see that . CHRIS mmm . chloe all right , come to bed , ' cause you be tired , my darling . CHRIS okay I will ... cur to : int . boutique ~~ day / ext , CITY STREET -- day nola stand behind the counter speak to Chris on she mobile phone . elsewhere , on the other end of the call , Chris walk along the pavement of a street . nola ( into phone ) hello ? CHRIS ( into phone ) hello , nola ? when you get off work today come right home . I have some good news . everything 's take care of but I be reluctant to talk on the phone . you have get to meet I right - after work . we have , er , plan to make . 104 nola ( into phone ) okay . um , I will cancel my agent appointment . it 's good . this be good . I will see you soon . bye . she hang up the phone . co- worker ( to nola ) be it he ? nola yeah ... cur to : int . hewett inc CHRIS 's office -~ day Chris and Rod stand talk with several japanese businessman . rod so , you will have to be prepare to cash flow the first six month ... be that right , Chris ? a half year ? CHRIS mmm . er , yes . a half year should do it , maybe less . rod good . jolly good . well ... Rod shake hand with the businessman . rod see you next time . CHRIS arigato ... arigato ... the businessman turn to leave . rod ( to chris} I think you show some * interesting idea there for develop they capacity . CHRIS I be excited about this venture , Rod . 105 rod good , good . play a little tennis later ? CHRIS yes . yes . rod amazing energy . Love it . envy it . CUT to : ext . STREET / apartment build -~- day Chris enter nola 's apartment building carry the tennis bag . CUT to : int . apartment build ~~ continuous Chris climb the step and stop off at Mrs. eastby ' 's e@ apartment . he knock on the door . mrs . eastby yes ? CHRIS er , hello . um , I be Chris . I 'ma friend of nola 's , you neighbor from next door . er , we meet here last , er ... mrs . eastby I be sorry - I do not let anybody in . CHRIS but , but you do not remember ? we meet , er ... she ask you something about you trouble with you mouse , and you mention something about peanut butter . mrs . eastby oh -- ch , yes . yes . CHRIS yes . yes. I be Chris wilton . the tennis instructor . 106 mrs . eastby oh. well , what 's the trouble ? CHRIS er , no trouble at all really and I , I do not mean to disturb you . I be wonder if I could look at you tv , tv reception . er , we seem to have trouble next door . mrs . eastby oh , with the tv? CHRIS yes . um , we be get some interference and it 's nola 's favorite tv night , so , um , I do not know if it 's the aerial on the roof or if it 's we . mrs . eastby it 's in there ... she open the door and point into she live room . CHRIS thank you . Chris enter the flat . mrs . eastby - «.. I have to take my medicine ... Mrs. eastby step into the kitchen . meanwhile , Chris open the tennis bag and attempt to quickly assemble the rifle part . mrs . eastby ( 0.s. ) there be no trouble before . I have ait on and it work just fine . do not you say you name be Harris ? Chris finish assemble the gun , stalk into the kitchen , and shoot Mrs. eastby dead . afterwards , he go through she thing and toss belonging ontc the floor , make she apartment look like the scene of a random burglary . there be a knock at the door . 107 ian ( 0.s. ) Mrs. eastby ? it 's Ian . Mrs. eastby ? Mrs. eastby , it 's Ian . I be go down to the corner shop . can I get you anything ? ( beat ) Mrs. eastby , be you all right ? CUT to : ext . apartment build -- moment later Ian exit the building and run into nola . ian hi , princess . nola hi. ian d' you ever get that portable CD player we talk about ? nola yes , I do . thank you so much for help I . ian bxcellent ... see you later . bye-bye . nola okay ~~ bye. : cur to : int . apartment build -- continuous Chris position himself at the top of the stairway and take aim with the shotgun . below , nola enter . CHRIS nola ... she turn . Chris fire . CUT tos ; 108 ext . apartment build -- later Chris exit hurriedly with the tennis bag , and bump into a passerby . CHRIS Excuse I ... cur to : ext . STREET / palace theatre -~ continuous Chloe wait at the ticket booth . she dial she mobile phone and hold it to she ear . chloe ( into phonei hello . where be you ? cuUT to : int . taxi ~- continuous Chris be seat in the rear of the taxi with a mobile phone . CHRIS ( into phone ) I be almost there . I will be two minute . cut to : int . palace theatre cloakroom -- later Chris and Chloe enter . CHRIS ( to cloakroom attendant ) good evening . cloakroom attendant hello . Chris place the tennis bag onto the counter . . CHRIS how much ? cloakroom attendant that 's two pound , please . 109 CHRIS two pound ... the attendant lift the tennis bag and place it beneath the counter as Chris carefully place two pound coin onto the counter . CHRIS my ticket ? cloakroom attendant yes , thank you ... cur to : int . palace theatre auditorium -- evening Chloe and Chris watch the play . cur to : ext . STREET / apartment build ~- evening Police car be park outside . CUT to : int . mrs . eastby's flat hallway / live room -- continuous forensics photographer and police officer mill about the crime scene . : policeman it 's a terrible mess in there , sir . parry well , I think it 's pretty obvious what 's happen here . er , someone 's rob and kill the old lady . as he , or they , be run out | they have run into the Rice woman . come so they have shot she too . either out of panic , or because they see a chance to make a - additional score , poor unsuspecting soul come home at the wrong moment . policeman he 's clear out the house of all prescription drug , sir . 110 parry oh no , it 's definitely a drug - related robbery . he might have know there be a old lady live in flat 8 . probably case she . be surprised by run into the other woman . policeman she pick the wrong time to come home . some people just do not have any luck ... CUT to : ext . apartment build -~ continuous detective Inspector dowd interview Ian . ian yeah , I , I just speak to she . this be unbelievable . um ...half a hour ago I come down the stair , knock on Mrs. eastby 's door ' cause I could not ... detective ( to dowd ) do you need anything from the car ? dowd yeah . you can tell , er , the exhibit Officer to get a move on ' cause this be get ridiculous . ian this be ... yeah , this be quite important . she usually bake today and I think maybe she would run out of stuff . so I ask she if she need anything and then ... dowd so , half a hour ago ? tan she do not answer ... yeah , half a hour ago . yeah . dowd you speak to she ? so whoever it be be still in there . dll ian that 's terrifying . I can not believe that . so , someone be in there ... dowd and , er , you , um , you speak to nola Rice and do she say anything ? forensics officer sorry to interrupt . er , could we send the photographer in now , please ? dowd er , no , er , hang on . if you just wait . we have just get to get the exhibit Officer in there first . dowd gesture to the forensics Officer . dowd er , Chris , Chris , can you , um , liaise with this man here ? wait , wait , wait , wait . er , just catch he there . tan ..- well , I run , yeah , I bump into nola right here . sergeant er , scene of crime will be on they way very shortly , all right ? - dowd yeah , er ... tan yeah , I speak ... I bump into she here . we talk and , er , we chatted . I recommend a piece of music equipment . she would buy it ... yeah , and , er ... dowd Music equipment ? what be that ? tan nothing ... er , it be a portable CD player which read mp3' , CD be - write ... 112 parry it 's drug , gov . someone after money for some drug . tan well , Mrs. eastby be not wealthy . parry they do not care . dowd drug ? parry yeah , definitely drug . someone after money for ‘em , and , er ... they ' 1ll kill you for a pound , you know . tan well , it 's a sorry state of affair , be not it ? parry well , it 's not as if the old lady have any enemy . she rarely go out . um , use a shotgun . ian a shotgun ? that 's a... that 's a bit obvious , be not it ? somebody must have see something . down oh , . not if it be sawn - off , they can make they pretty small ... ( to offscreen woman ) Catherine , love , you can not park there . leave that clear . we have get the soco come down ... cuT to : int . modern flat ~~ morning Chloe be seat at a table wear a dress gown . chloe do you like the musical last night ? 113 CHRIS yeah , I do . it be good fun . pretty music . chloe yeah . he 's very good . I be gonna get ticket for mummy and papa . CHRIS good . chloe ( reacting to a newspaper article ) oh my God . CHRIS what ? what be it ? chloe oh my God ! nola . nola Rice . CHRIS what ? chloe she be kill in a burglary . a drug burglary . CHRIS what ? here , let I see that . Jesus Christ ! chloe apparently she be come home from work and , and , and someone who be already there who would burgle another flat and -- and shot a old lady -- run into nola by chance and -- she be enter the building and he be run out and he shot she . CHRIS oh my God . a cordless phone ring . Chloe answer . . chloe ( int hello ? yeah -- yeah , we have just this second read it . be not it just terrible ? cur to : 114 int . belgravia house kitchen -- continuous Eleanor lean on a table with the newspaper in front of she . eleanor ( into phone ) I never get along with she , but this be just tragic . chloe ( into phone ) do Tom know ? eleanor ( into phone ) I have just call he . he can not believe it . cuT to : int . modern flat -— continuous chloe ( into phone ) I know . wait , wait , that must be he . I ' 11 call you back . she press a button on the phone . chloe ( into phone ) hello ? yeah , we have just read it and mummy just call . cur to : int . tom' office -~ continuous tom ( into phone ) well , yeah , yeah , I know . I mean , wrong place at the wrong time . I mean , I , I suppose she must have .. , I mean , disturb a burglar or , or burglar or whatever . I mean , it do not , it do not say how many of they there be ... cur to : int . modern flat ~~ continuous chloe ( into phone ) well , even mummy 's really shake up and you know they be not exactly friend . CHRIS it say here that there 's be a rise in drug related crime in the area over the past year ... chloe ( into phone ) do you hear that ? yeah . I just can not believe it . it 's just ... I know ... int . hedley estate live room ~~ day Eleanor sit read a magazine . Chloe approach . chloe mummy . eleanor mmm—him ? mmm—hmm ? chloe I have get something to tell you . but I want Chris to be here . -. ( call out ) Chris ? ( to Eleanor ) where have he go ? eleanor I do not know . chloe he be just in here . Chris ? Chris ? he be just here ... eleanor . well , what do you want to tell I ? chloe dust wait . wait , wait . Chris ? 115 CUT to : cur to : 116 int . hedley estate gunroom ~- continuous Chris empty the remain shotgun shell and steal jewelry from the tennis bag . chloe ( 0.8 . ) where be you ? Chris ? CUT to : int . hedley estate live room -- continuous eleanor well , what do you want to tell I ? chloe well , I just really want he to be here . hang on , there he be . Chris enter . chloe there you be ! can we tell she now ? CHRIS sure . chloe well , I want you to be here . eleanor well , what be it ? chloe mummy ... you can finally crack open the champagne . it look like I be pregnant . eleanor when do you hear ? chloe this morning . eleanor oh , I be so delighted . chloe oh , good . 117 eleanor alec ? come here . chloe oh , we be both walk on air . eleanor well , you be walk on air , you husband look a bit shell - shocked . chloe ' Cause I have exhaust he , poor thing . alec ( enter ) what ? eleanor Chloe 's pregnant . alec oh , what a great day . oh , my darling , congratulation . eleanor I be absolutely thrilled . I could not be more pleased . chloe thank you so much . it 's such a relief . the housekeeper enter and approach Chris . housekeeper Excuse I , sir . Excuse I . CHRIS yes ? housekeeper phone call , sir . you secretary . CHRIS okay ... . eleanor it 's wonderful , be not it ? look at she , do not she look gorgeous . alec oh , well do . 118 chloe Margaret , I be pregnant ! housekeeper congratulation ! that 's wonderful . CHRIS thank you , Margaret . Chris go to the phone and lift the receiver . CHRIS ( into phone ) Sam ? cur to : int . hewett inc CHRIS ' office ~- continuous samantha be seat at a desk , clutching a telephone receiver . samantha ( into ... yeah , there 's a message for you that a Mike Banner , detective Mike Banner call . er , he want you to call he at shepherd Bush Police Station ... yeah . no , I do not think it 's urgent but , er , he leave a number . cur to : int . hedley estate live room -- continuous CHRIS ( into phone ) Banner ? you better give I the number . mmm-hmm . okay , thanks samantha . bye . eleanor sweetheart ... I bet it be that night ... well , the last time you go , he say everything be fine , do not he ? chloe yes and he just make I completely calm down . eleanor oh , I just can not believe it . it 's marvellous . chloe granny would have love it . I wish she could be here . Tom and Heather enter . ext . hedley estate patio / landscaped garden -— day tom thank God . thank god. heather congratulation ! Chris pace , clutching he mobile phone . CHRIS ( into phone ) detective Banner , please . this be Chris wilton . oh , hello . this be Chris wilton . you call ? int . police station office -- continuous detective Banner sit at a desk . intercut : banner ( into phone ) oh , yes . I be wonder if there be a time you could drop in here . or , -.if it 's more convenient , we can come and see you . hedley estate / police station CHRIS ( into phone ) in reference to what ? banner ( into phone ) I would rather not explain on the phone . it 's just a few question and I be sure you would prefer to be discreet . CHRIS ( into phone ) I have no reason to bring a lawyer , do I ? 1193 CUT to : CUT to : cur to : 120 banner ( into phone ) I certainly hope not . cur to : ext . embankment ~~ day Chris walk , glance around suspiciously . he stop at a embankment and throw Mrs. eastby 's jewelry and other trinket from the stage robbery into the river . the last item he throw be Mrs. eastby 's wedding ring . Chris do not notice as it bounce off the embankment railing , and drop onto the ground . CUT to : int . police station cid office -- day Chris follow detective dowd to detective Banner 's desk . dowd Chris wilton ... detective Banner . CHRIS good afternoon . Chris shake Banner 's hand . banner how do you do ? take a seat . - CHRIS thank you . banner this be nothing to be alarmed about . we be just do a routine investigation into the Betty eastby - nola Rice murder . CHRIS mmm—hmm . banner be you acquainted with either of the victim ? CHRIS peripherally I know nola Rice . 121 banner how ? CHRIS she be engage for a time to the man who 's now my brother - in~law . banner that 's , uh , Tom hewett ? CHRIS that 's correct . er , they break up . a year ago . more . banner mmm-hmm . when do you last see she ? CHRIS oh God , I can not remember ... at the tate modern . my wife and I run into she . but that be a long time ago . banner have you see she since ? CHRIS not that I recall . banner have , um ... have you ever see this ? Banner remove a diary from a evidence baq . CHRIS no ... what be it ? banner be you aware that nola Rice keep a diary ? CHRIS no. banner as you can see ... you be all over it . . CHRIS yes , I can see that . 122 banner do you still claim that you have not see she except for more that a year ago at the tate modern ? CHRIS you can not blame I for try to hide the fact that I have a affair with she . but you people have to protect I here . I hope you do not think it have anything to do with she murder ? banner how long do you affair go on ? CHRIS it begin casually when she be still engage to Tom . they break up , she move away . she come back and it run into she at the tate modern and it begin again . God , have a heart . my wife be gonna have a baby . this will devastate she . banner do you promise that you be go to leave you wife and marry miss Rice ? CHRIS no , I do not . I mean , it 's possible that she have that fantasy , and obviously she write that I do , but I try to finesse that point with she . I do not want the sexual relationship to end but I be not gonna break up my home . my wife and I be try very hard to have a baby . we have see several fertility doctor . you can check that out if you like but I beg you to be discreet . banner but you do lead she on ... so that she have the impression you be unhappy at home . CHRIS I try the tip - toe around it and not lead she on but she 's go to believe what she want to believe . ( more ) 123 CHRIS ( cont would ) look , do not irresponsibly run roughshod over this and wreck people 's life . I mean , there be no case because I would not harm anyone , much less nola Rice . be not it obvious that somebody kill she neighbor and she walk in when it be happen ? God , I beg you , do not go on a fishing expedition over this and wreck people 's life . my family , my marriage be at stake . banner we just have to check out everything in a murder case . CHRIS okay , but I be not you man . I know it 's not the most honourable thing to cheat on you wife but that do not make I a murderer . banner we be obligate to review the situation . I understand it 's sensitive stuff for you . and if we have to talk to you again we will do everything in we power to keep it very private . you personal life 's you own . we be not make any moral judgement , just investigate a crime . CHRIS I understand . look , if you have to get . in contact with I again , which , God in heaven , I hope you do not , please call I on my mobile . I will leave you my number ... banner thanks . oh , um , one other thing . do you own or have access to a shotgun ? CHRIS me? no . um , my father - in- law shoot on the estate but not I . you can check it out but , er , I beg you to consider mine and he position . banner of course . 124 CHRIS thank you . Chris stand , shake Banner 's hand , then exit . Banner turn he attention to detective dowd . banner so , what do you think ? dowd I think it 's what it look like . someone rob and kill Mrs. eastby , be surprised leave , and kill nola Rice . banner yeah , I know . I know , it 's get drug robbery write all over it . dowd he 's ' spect a baby . okay , he 's not gonna win a medal for fidelity but we can find out discreetly enough whether the hewett have a shotgun unaccount for . I do not think that he would know the first thing about steal one though . wever mind saw one off . it 's a bit of a stretch . he 's get no previous conviction . not even a speed ticket . the coroner say that eastby be kill first . banner yeah . dowd there 's no sign of a force entry . banner so , Mrs. eastby know the killer if she let he in . dowd well , come on , Mike . ninety per cent of the crime we go out on , people open they door and invite - the criminal in . banner yeah , I know , you be right . I be just think out loud . it 's just he 's get a real motive . 125 dowd yeah , maybe . banner I be tear because the Rice murder be clearly a afterthought but I would ilove to pursue it a little more . but I be reluctant to fish around and cause problem for everybody . dowd well , if something develop , we can pursue it . I doubt if anything 's gonna drop into we lap . cur to : 4 ! flat bedroom ~— night 's in bed alone . elsewhere , Chris sleep slump table in front of a laptop computer . cur to : S dream sequence at the dining table and be shocked to find nola by in the room with he . nola chris . 126 CHRIS you action be clumsy . full of hole . almost like someone begging to be find out . cur to : int . banner' flat bedroom ~- night Banner sit up bed , he wife asleep next to he . banner Chris wilton kill they . I see how he do . wife --- what ? CUT to : int . police station cid office -~- day dowd , seat , prepare paperwork . - banner it 's as we speculate and say be too elaborate but that 's what he e do . ( more ) 127 banner ( cont would ) he kill the next - door neighbor first to throw we off the scene , and set up the appearance of a robbery . he wait in the hall . he know she would be back the same time as usual and he kill she make it seem like she surprised a burglar run out . he plan it all so he could make the theatre in time to strengthen he alibi if one become necessary . now , I have not figure out the weapon problem , and I know it 's a lot to ask a jury but the correctness of it come to I in my sleep , and I be go to break this case . dowd I hate to be the bearer of bad news , Mike . banner what ? dowd not that you dream be not of primary interest to a jury . banner what 's the bad news ? dowd there be another shoot in the area last night , four a.m . a drug addict kill . look like a drug sale turn nasty . banner what , and he confess to kill two woman before he die ? dowd no , he do not have to . the old woman 's wedding ring be right in he pocket . banner no. dowd name and date engrave right on it . banner I do not believe it . 128 dowd . I know . I know . you case look good , lot of motive . but he motive be pretty strong , too . heroin . junkie with a long sting of conviction . kill by one of he own , no doubt . ( beat ) come on , I will buy you breakfast . you can traumatize I with the rest of you dream . banner no , wait . what if wilton do it , throw the jewel away , this guy find they . dowd I do not know . see what tonight 's dream tell you . I be sure a jury ' 11l be interested . come on . banner I give up . dowd I know wilton do not do it . he 's another poor schmuck who cheat on he wife . when you see that picture of nola Rice , you can see why though , eh ? : banner what a world . be I right , eh ? they grab they jacket and exit . CUT to : int . modern flat -- day Chris , Chloe , and family enter carry a newborn baby . alec careful , careful . I be always afraid they will drop . tom oh , chill out , dad . 123 alec Babies be so , so soft . right. Champagne . heather I think he 's get you eye , Chloe . chloe really ? eleanor I think he 's get you coloring , darling . I really do . chloe mummy , you can not tell anything yet . they change all the time . tom ( toast ) my nephew . eleanor uncle , uncle Tom . oh , look at this flower ... tom no , he do look like Christopher . actually , speak of which , do not you move into Alan sinclair 's old office . CHRIS mmm-—hmm . : tom you lucky swine . chloe oh , mummy , look , he 's dream . tom ( to Heather ) let 's work on number two . come on . chloe come on , he be a handsome boy . look at that face . eleanor lorna send some lovely flower . 130 tom yeah , he 's gorgeous . alec right , here we be . alec enter with a bottle of champagne and glass on a tray . eleanor I will pass they round , shall I ? alec mmm-hmm . please do . eleanor Chloe , darling , have one . alec with parent like Chloe and Chris , this child will be great with anything he set he mind to . Eleanor hand Tom a glass of champagne . tom thank you , mummy . do you know what , I do not care if he 's great . I just hope that he 's lucky . heather oh , Lovely . eleanor what a lovely think . chloe mummy , be you sure I be allow champagne ? eleanor yes , yes . just a tiny weeny bit ... alec yes , of course you be . tom you have not have any for month , Chloe . I would get it down you now while you can . alec be not he handsome ? my God , he 's handsome . black . 131 chloe Bet you any money the next one 's a girl . CHRIS mmm . eleanor he 's get the most adorable cheek ... alec .«-- dust so extraordinarily handsome . I wonder what he 's think . chloe well , you know , they say he be a thinker . the nurse ... eleanor deep thought . deep thought . alec here we be . ( toast ) to terrence . tom and all that sail on he . CUT to :