maudie written by sherry White ext . aunt ida' house - day -- digby , nova scotia , 1937 maud dowley , ( 32 ) a odd , impish little creature , with huge saucer for eye , be lie on the tall , overgrown grass stare up at the sky , smoking a cigarette . her finger be gnarled , she knuckle swollen with arthritis . a shadow repeatedly move across she face and leave it . the shadow be from a old swing make of rope and wood , dangle from the branch of a tree . the swing be sway back and forth . as it slow down , maud reach up and give it another push . she keep stare at the sky , blow she smoke towards the sky and watch as it blend into the cloud above . she stare at the cloud curiously , suddenly find shape and object : a bunny rabbit . a steam engine . kitten . aunt ida ( 55 ) , a sturdy , robust woman come out , carry a mop and bucket . she be wear a apron and a scarf around she head . her sleeve be roll up pass she elbow . she 's heavily into she spring clean . bead of sweat run down she forehead . maud pick herself up from the ground and take a seat on the swing . her foot dangle , unable to reach the ground . ida hurry past maud , a woman on a mission . the clothesline be fill with sheet , billow about in the wind . the fence be line with hook rug , out for freshen . aunt ida chuck the water from the bucket off to the side of the house . she take the mop and start to whack the rug . Little cloud of dust appear with each whack . ida look at that , tsk tsk . the dust be go on the sheet . ida take the sheet off the line pile they up in she arm . maud chuck she cigarette butt , get up and start to help . she take the armload of sheet from ida . maud I get it . but then maud get tangle in a sheet still on the line , and stumble . she drop a sheet . ida maud . I will have to rewash it now . it 's easier if I do it alone , you be too awkward . ( continued ) continued : ida take the sheet from she and head into the house . maud sit back down on the swing - discourage . but then , she lean back , stare up at the cloud , as they move swiftly across the sky . the rabbit in the cloud be almost bunny - hopping they way across the sky . maud get up and walk towards the house . as she stand on the veranda , she look out on the landscape in wonder then she light up another cigarette .... title : maudie int . aunt ida' house - dine room -- day maud sit at the table , while ida bring she tea and biscuit into the austere dining room . aunt ida here you go . would you like jam ? maud that would be nice . as ida leave the dining room : maud ( cont 'd ) but I can get it myself aunt ida . moment later , she place the jam down in front of she . as ida fuss around the dining room : aunt ida you brother be come by tomorrow . maud look up , surprised . maud why ? be he take I back home ? aunt ida he 's move to halifax . so he 's drop off a few of you thing . maud if Charles and he wife be move to halifax , the house will be empty . I can live there and take care of it . irene say nothing . maud take a sip of she hot tea and it slip from she hand , spilling everywhere . ( continued ) continued : 3. maud ( cont 'd ) ow . aunt ida stay there , I will clean it . maud I can do it . aunt ida I will clean it . irene rush to grab a cloth . int . aunt ida' house - maud' bedroom -- morning maud be stand in the mirror , fix she hair , a little smile on she face . maud I will be down in a minute , okay ? her suitcase be on the bed , with she belonging pack neatly inside . she struggle to put the last bobby pin in she hair then grab she belonging , and hurry out of the room . int . aunt ida' house - dine room -- morning charle dowley ( 37 ) , maud 's handsome brother , be lean against the door frame as ida bring in he tea . aunt ida take a seat . charle I can not stay long . aunt ida at least stay for a cup of tea and a bit of cake . charle so have she be out , look for trouble ? aunt ida so far , no . she keep to herself . she 's be ask to go home . charle do you tell she ? ( continued ) continued : aunt ida not yet . I think it best you do it . by now , maud be stand in the doorway , have overhear the last bit of this conversation . she try to hide she nervous concern with a smile . omitted maud stand awkwardly , shy and nervous in front of she oppose brother . maud hi Charles . Nice to see you . sizing he up : maud ( cont 'd ) oh my , that 's a good jacket you be wear , it 's a good fit . you be always such a spiffy dresser . she smile at he . maud ( cont 'd ) I can not tell the difference between a rag and a ball gown . she chuckle , nervously . then : maud ( cont 'd ) so ? you have come to take I home ? he shift on he foot , and say nothing . maud ( cont 'd ) what 's the big secret ? charle it 's business . Financial matter . maud well , I be a natural at math . remember , I use to double check you number when you be in school ? charle I do not have much time , I have get to be go , but I want to drop off a few thing . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) he point to a little stack of thing : book , photograph , and old blanket . maud lordy . you clear out my room . why ? charle because I sell my house . maud what house . we house ? charle it be my house . Mom leave it to I . I sell it and I be move to halifax with the band . maud be take aback . maud you can not sell that house . I woulda move back there . I would be more than happy to have my own place , I would look after it -- charle you can not look after yourself , let alone a house , and a yard , and bill . maud I would get a job , or something . charle job do what ? maud I do not know , something . charle I be sorry maud . it 's go . he smile tightly , then head towards the door . maud follow he . maud do you spend all the money they leave behind ? because I have not see any of that either . charle they do not leave it for you maud . ( continued ) 6 a continued : ( 3 ) 6 . maud we both know mother would have expect you to look after I . charle she also would have expect you to behave like a decent girl . but you do not . he keep go towards the door . maud wait . Charles . aunt ida maud , come get you tea . maud Charles ! he turn to she . charle good - bye sister . he leave . maud watch out the door , a little stunne . ida see she be upset . aunt ida he 's a busy man , maud . maud fight back tear . maud yeah . I know . maud take the package and go back into she room . omitted ext . aunt ida' house - veranda -- day maud be sit on the swing , look through the content of the package of she thing : photo , trinket . a photograph of she as a little girl with she cat fluffy . some old paint brushes and paint . melancholy . int . aunt ida' house - maud' bedroom -- night maud be still sit on the edge of she bed , the light now off . she 's still wait , wait . she watch through the crack in the bottom of she bedroom door as the shadow of aunt ida 's footstep pass by she room . ( continued ) 6a 7 6a . continued : second later , the light from the hallway be turn off , and the click of a bedroom door be shut . ( continued ) 7a continued : ( 2 ) moment later , maud get up and gently open she bedroom door and sneak out . ext . jazz club - night Music pour out of the jazz club as maud approach , try to contain she excitment . she smile at a couple who giggle they way out of the club , arm around each other . maud gather she nerve and head inside . int . jazz club - night Inside a jazz club , fill with people , the flame on a cigarette illuminate a dark corner ... it be maud , puffing on a cigarette , hide from the crowd , she eye scour the room . she have become a expert at be inconspicuous . she smoke with one hand , and with the other she fiddle with she sweater , pull it up over she chin as she sway to the music . she spot a couple dance . Studies they for a bit . she look to another couple sit at a table , talk intimately . she scour the room . her eye land on a group of woman . she study they with quiet admiration as they laugh . she take note of one woman , dina shea who be obviously pregnant . as she make she way toward they , she bump into a_ short , stubby , and bald man . maud see he , and she face light up . maud not sure who be gonna knock over who . ( quickly search for what to say next ) mmmmm . you smell like turkey supper . in a good way . ( giggle . ) he try to make he way around she , but she stop he . maud ( cont 'd ) I love this music . get my foot go like a couple a hammer . he shove she aside , annoyed . man Christ , get out of my way . who let you in here ? he walk around she . she watch he for a moment , feel the sting . but then move on , with a hopeful determination . ( continued ) 7a ee of 7a . continued : Men everywhere . but she be completely invisible to they . int . jazz club - night with the band now on break , maud maneuver she way through the dark club . she be smaller than everyone else in the room , and mostly go unnotice . she 's feel discourage . ( continued ) continued : she be about to give up and go home , until she see dina , the pregnant woman , sit on a bar stool by herself . maud sidle up next to she . maud Bet you be seven month . maud smile at the woman . she 's very attractive , even though she 's tired . she 's smoking a cigarette . maud ( cont 'd ) have you start nest ? get you house all fix up nice and cozy ? dina yeah , a little . maud smile , look somewhat envious . maud if you be look to hire a sitter , I be look for work . dina smile politely . dina we will not be hire a sitter . maud no harm in ask . awkward silence for a beat . maud ( cont 'd ) not often you see a lady in you condition out at night . dina yeah , well , my old man be the guy with the trumpet , I like to make sure he get home alright , if you know what I mean . maud smile and lean in . maud you love it when it kick ? flutter like a fish in a bowl . maud stare at the woman 's belly . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) 9 . maud ( cont 'd ) the heartburn , that 's no fun . and the trip to the bathroom . maud laugh to herself - as if remember . the woman be not sure how to take maud . maud ( cont 'd ) oh my , worth it though . since maud be not go away , the woman finally engage . dina how old be you baby ? maud oh , I do not have a baby . the woman be surprised . maud ( cont 'd ) die at birth . dina sorry . maud I do not see she , but they tell I she be really deform . sad . then she look at dina , who be mid-puff of a cigarette , somewhat disinterested . maud can not resist : maud ( cont 'd ) always worried it be cuz I smoke . dina stop inhale . maud ( cont 'd ) prob 'ly be not . still , you never know . dina hand she cigarette to maud . maud take it , take a big inhale . she smile at the woman . maud ( cont 'd ) ( refer to the cigarette ) thanks . 10 11 10 . int . aunt ida 's house - upstair hall - night 10 maud sneak she way back to she room , tip toe up the stair , carefully try not to make noise . all the light be off in the house . but as she arrive at the top -- aunt ida be stand there . a stern look on she face . aunt ida you better not tell I you be out at that club . maud I be not go to tell you that . aunt ida where be you ? maud I be at the club . but I be not gonna tell you . she smile . ida be piss . maud ( cont 'd ) I be sorry , I could not sleep . aunt ida you get in trouble again , I be toss you out on you duff . do you understand I ? maud I be only look to meet friend . aunt ida that 's what you say last time , and look where that get you . in you room . maud keep she head down and walk to she room . int . aunt ida' house - dine room -- morning 11 maud be stand in the doorway as ida and the presbyterian woman 's Group gather for morning prayer aunt ida prepare we heart and mind , o God , to receive you Word . silence in we any voice but you own , that , hearing , we may obey you will through Jesus Christ we Lord . ( continued ) continued : 11 . 11 11 all women amen . donna Lord , open we heart and mind by the power of you Spirit that we may hear you live Word as the scripture be read and interprete . all women amen . maud try to get ida 's attention . maud pssst. psssst . aunt ida notice she , but it 's she turn to pray . she glare at maud while she say she next bit . aunt ida speak to we , o Lord , as you open to we the scripture and interpret they to we for this day . all women amen . then everyone look to maud . maud I want to get you tea ready for after you prayer but you be out of tea bag . and you need flour aunt ida not now , maud . maud do you want I to run to the store ? aunt ida I will do it later . maud let I do it , I will take the wagon . aunt ida Fine , fine . ( to the woman ) sorry about that . maud walk out the door . 12 13 12 . ext . digby STREET - day maud walk up the street , pull a little wooden wagon . she be somewhat hunch and walk with a little limp , so she move slowly . as she pass by one house , she admire a family play with they little girl in a pink dress . she smile to herself as the little girl squeal over something . she continue on , and get many strange look from people on the street , but she do she best to ignore they . int . general store - day maud walk into the general store , she wagon leave outside . she immediately head towards the aisle . her eye pour over the shelf . mr. mcdougal , the storekeeper , nod at she . mr . mcdougal can I help you with something miss dowley ? maud I need a sack of flour . mr . mcdougal you will not find it on the shelf , I have that over here . maud I know . I like to look at the can . all the different colour . it 's pretty . she smile at he - he give a awkward smile back , not know how to take she . as maud walk through the aisle , the bell on the door ring as someone else enter the store . maud continue to study the shelf . mr . mcdougal ( 0.s. ) well look who 's grace I with they presence today . what can I do for you , Everett ? everett ( 0.s . ) ( quietly ) I be look for a woman . ( continued ) 12 13 13 continued : a what ? mr . mcdougal ( 0.s . ) ( continued ) 12a . 13 13 13 . continued : ( 2 ) 13 by now , maud 's interest be pique . she gaze around the corner , catch a look at everett lewis ( 45 ) , a tall , gaunt , curmudgeonly man . Everett shift on he foot , awkwardly . everett a housemaid , a housemaid . Mr. mcdougal look at he , not sure if he understand . mr . mcdougal not the kind a thing we sell . Everett give he a angry look . everett be I a idiot ? I want to put upa sign . a whadayacall . I need you to write it . Everett hand he a square of paper . the store keeper look at he skeptically for a moment , then take up a pen . Everett dictate . everett ( cont 'd ) " look for a housemaid . must bring they own ... " Everett struggle to find the word . everett ( cont 'd ) what 's the word I be look for ? mr . mcdougal sense of humour ? everett " Cleaning tool " . that 's good enough . sign my name onto it . say my house be over the road in marshalltown . mr . mcdougal you really need a housekeeper at that little house ? everett what do size get to do with anything ? you do not get that big of a store , and you get three or four people work here . I need a hand , I need a hand . Everett take the note and head toward the back of the store . as he go , maud tip toe along to continue to observe . ( continued ) 13 14 14 . continued : ( 3 ) 13 Everett post the sign . close on : the sign - " look for a housemaid , must bring clean supplies . contact Everett Lewis , Main rd , marshalltown . Everett leave without another word . after the bell on the door jangle , indicate Everett 's departure , maud approach the bulletin board . she look up and see Everett 's sign : look for a housemaid ... she study it with great interest . she reach up to get the note , but it 's too high . maud see a stool , and she drag it across the floor , climb up on it . she reach once more for the piece of paper , this time she snatch it . then maud run to the door and watch as Everett push he wheelbarrow down the street . she continue to watch he as he head off in the distance . ext . everett' house - evening 14 Everett wheel a wheelbarrow along a wind , lonely road . dog be bark loudly in the near distance . this alert Everett , cause he to speed up . he approach a tiny house that sit on the side of the road . his yard be litter with junk . his two dog be tie on outside a woodsh . the dog be both very agitate , aim they attention at the house . everett what 's go on ? Everett creep over to he house carefully once he see he door be swinging open . everett ( cont 'd ) I say who 's there ? the intruder bolt out of the house , and make a run for it . everett ( cont 'd ) hey ! what do you take ! Everett chase he up the road . but he 's not fast enough the man head off through the back wood . everett ( cont 'd ) Lord Jesus . Everett debate continue the chase , but realize it 's useless . ( continued ) 14 14a . continued : Everett stop chase he and stomp back to the house , and glare at the dog . ( continued ) 14 14 15 16 17 18 19 continued : ( 2 ) 15 . everett ( cont 'd ) what good be you if you do not scare anything away ? useless mutt . int . everett' house - night Everett be take he money , and stashing little bit in different place - a bill inside a mug , a few coin ina jar . then he lift up the cold storage trap door in the floor and hide more money in a tin can , then stuff it into the cold storage and close the hatch once more . he grumble to himself . his 13x13 house be cluttere and messy . lit by a lantern , and heat with a wood stove . after Everett finish stashing he money , he climb the ladder up to he loft . int . everett' house - loft -- night Everett pull off he two sock and lay they side by side , dangle over the bedpost . he climb under the cover and tuck himself down in he bed . he reach towards the lantern and turn down the flame until the room go black . he lay there , in the dark , a tiny bit of moonlight illuminate he face as he heavy breathe attempt to settle into a rhythm . he close he eye . ext . landscape - morning a wide , landscape shot of the field and landscape surround Everett 's little house , which sit small and alone among the huge , overcast sky . int . everett' house - day Everett be alone in a small , dimly light shack , stoke the fire in the potbelly stove . it 's quiet , not a sound except for the hiss and dull roar of the fire . as he sip on he tea , he pick up a little toy tin badge , and try to fix the break clip on the back , that have come loose . ext . MAIN road , marshalltown - day maud be now dress in she Sunday best , wear a dainty pair of shoe , as she make she way up the road . to one side , a large , old poor House , digby county orphanage , set back from the road . ( continued ) 14 15 16 17 18 19 19 continued : 15a . a few young child , dress in modest grey clothing , run about on the field play a game of tag . pass they . she smile as she ( continued ) 19 19 20 21 16 . continued : ( 2 ) 149 then she look across the field , and pause to watch the cow graze . maud hello big boy . ( whistle ) hello there . she smile at they , and keep go . finally , she come upon Everett 's lone , small , gloomy house . the yard be fill with junk , wood pile , and a old model T Ford in the driveway . she stop , and look around , a little bewilder . then she see the wheelbarrow park outside the house . she gather she courage and head towards the door . the dog see she approach . int . everett' house - continuous 20 Everett continue to fiddle with the tin badge , when he hear the dog start bark outside . maud ( 0.s. ) hello little pup . hello little pup . Everett be startle by the sound of a voice . he stand freeze . intercut with : ext . everett' house - continuous 21 maud look down at the dog , smile . maud whatcha get on you foot ? woolen ? be you wear a pair of woolen ? down . down. ouch . the dog be bark more aggressively . Everett sneak over to the window , try to steal a look he can not quite make she out . maud ( cont 'd ) think I be the enemy , do ya ? dying to chew on my limb , be not you ? want my jacket ? take it , creature , you can have it . good boy . ( continued ) 21 17 . continued : on everett as he creep over to the other side , stand next to the wall , and peer out the other window . no sign of she at all . then suddenly , she knock on the door Everett jump . he hesitates for a moment before open it . maud look up at he with she two huge bright brown eye and smile widely . maud ( cont 'd ) I be maud . dowley . her nose be run from the cold . everett dowley . maud that 's right . she sniff again . he just stare at she . she continue . maud ( cont 'd ) I be , I get the ad at the store the one you post , look for a house may , I be answer it . he look at she distastefully . everett I be look for a woman . maud giggle . maud what do you think I be ? Everett size up the tiny , odd look , misshapen woman as he walk past she , and head towards he shed . everett do not know . she follow he . maud I walk here from digby . my foot be knobbed off . he gather a armload of wood . she huddle she arm close to she body for warmth . ( continued ) 21 21 22 continued : ( 2 ) 18. 21 maud ( cont 'd ) would not mind a cup a tea , you can tell I what you lookin 's for he look at she skeptically , then jerk he head for she to come in . she follow he into the house . int . everett' house — continuous 22 he try to watch she out of the corner of he eye , as she take the place in , a grin on she face . suddenly , Everett be more aware of he rundown , filthy little house . the air be thick with heat and smoke from the stove . every surface be fill with clutter and dust . maud so ... you be look for a cleaner . a live in ? everett I dunno about live in . maud look around the one room house . maud gonna say . you be lookin’ for a small woman . maud give he a big smile as she refer to herself . maud ( cont 'd ) ( cont 'd ) Mom always joke that I be a size '' tiny '' . maud chuckle . Everett do not . maud ( cont 'd ) I be hope you be look for a live in just the same . Everett be surprised at she boldness . maud walk towards a chair . she sit , a polite smile on she face . she look around some more , '' admiringly '' . maud ( cont 'd ) ( cont 'd ) so this be all yours ? this house ? Everett can not help but boast . everett use to belong to Captain John Ryan . I move it all the way from the wharf to here . ( continued ) 22 continued : 19 . maud lordy . you own this land too ? everett be give to I by the orphanage for all the work I do for they . maud you must do some good work . everett guess how many ox it take to move she here ? maud smile , glad to be have conversation . maud two ? everett Seven oxen . Everett stoke the fire , toss another chunk of wood in on top of it . silence for a moment . maud be nice for you . have someone give you a hand around here . he say nothing . maud ( cont 'd ) yeah , be hard to do it all . everett I be do it all my whole life . maud every business man need staff . everett well , you get that right , madam . maud what sort of stuff do you do ? everett I sell fish , I sell chop wood do work for the orphanage down the road - maud lordy . how do you keep it straight ? ( continued ) 22 continued : ( 2 ) 20 . 22 everett I have get a lot on my plate . a lot of valuable thing in this house too . with nobody here all day , there 's always someone lurking about , try to rob I . maud well , I be good at scare off people . she chuckle . he do not . she look around once more . maud ( cont 'd ) I would like the job . Everett hesitates . everett you be a bit older than I be picture . maud laugh uncomfortably . maud they say I get on like I be twelve , so ... she pull the sweater up over she chin , a obvious nervous tick . Everett get a old dirty mug , pour a bit of water in it , swishes it around and give the water a flick . it spray across maud . she giggle again . maud ( cont 'd ) oh , there you go . no need for a wash tomorrow . she giggle again . he do not . maud ( cont 'd ) just joshin' . Everett stick a teabag in the mug and take it over to the stove . he splashes some boil water from the kettle into the cup and bring it over to maud . maud ( cont 'd ) oh thank you . everett be you sick or something ? can not bring in a cripple , next thing I would be lookin’ after you . ( continued ) 22 continued : ( 3 ) maud smirk . maud Nah , I be just bear funny . I can do the work of five woman . everett where you from ? maud bear in Ohio , yarmouth County , but I life with my aunt over in digby . aunt ida . ida dowley on Point Road ? Everett get a look of recognition in he eye . everett that bag of wind . be that where you live ? she kickin ' you out ? maud lordy , no . she would never do that , she 's too Christian . she 's good as gold , but a woman need to have she own life , right ? her own purpose , she own home - not that this would be my home either , it 's yours - she sip she tea . the dog be now curl up at she foot . she continue to nervously ramble : maud ( cont 'd ) ( cont 'd ) never have dog grow up , do not know why , momma always love they . I do too , but they make my brother sneeze . I have cat . be not allow in the house , but oh my I love cat . Everett stare blankly at maud , make she more nervous , which make she talk more . maud ( cont 'd ) we have one , Tom . Big ole cat . some fat . use to sit on the ledge of my window . she sip she tea . maud ( cont 'd ) he go miss . sad. like dog though . ( continued ) 21 . 22 22 23 22 . continued : ( 4 ) 22 Everett get up , open he door . he give he foot one stamp the dog jump up and obediently run out the door . maud light up a cigarette . maud ( cont 'd ) you get a ashtray ? Everett point to the floor everett flick they there . she do . maud many people apply for the job ? everett you finish you tea ? maud look at she almost empty mug . maud might as well say . she swallow the last of it . maud ( cont 'd ) well , you do need the help , I can see that . ext . everett' house -- day 23 Everett practically shoos maud out the door . maud Long walk home alone . kid will throw rock at I again . bugger . everett who throw rock at you ? maud people do not like a different sort of person . I do not care . be easier if I be not alone , but ... she look up at he , hopefully . Everett do not know what he be suppose to do . everett s'pose I can walk you home . I be do my round anyway . ( continued ) 23 24 24a continued : 23. maud that would be nice . ext . marshalltown road -- day Everett and maud walk along the road in silence together , the dog run along beside they . Everett push he fish trolley . maud cover she mouth with she sweater . the two make a odd pair as they walk along the road . Everett be almost twice the height of maud . maud walk even more awkwardly than usual . she smile up at Everett . maud it 's a lot of work to break in a new shoe . my heel be gall off . she giggle . everett this be as far as I will go . maud oh. okay . ( think fast ) oh , could you come by we house tomorrow ? she need a good piece of fish . everett who ? maud aunt ida . she tell I to tell you she want to buy fish . maud smile . he head back towards he house . maud ( cont 'd ) see you tomorrow . she head back towards she house , fill with new hope . ext . wharf - the next day Everett be stand by , wait for Frank to finish split the fish . arm fold , shifting from one foot to the next : everett you get pay by the hour or the fish . ( continued ) 23 24 24a 25 continued : 23a . frank you want it to be clean . everett I do not care either way , just give it to I . he take the fish from Frank and put it in he wheelbarrow . ext . aunt ida' house - day maud be look out she window when she see Everett approach the house with fish . she pick up a feather duster and hurry towards the door , open it . ( continued ) 24a 25 25 26 continued : 24 . 25 maud oh , hello . you catch I in the middle of my chore . I be sweat bucket . he hold out the fish . maud ( cont 'd ) aunt ida . there 's someone here to see you . aunt ida round the corner and show up at the door . when she see Everett she bristle . aunt ida never think I would see you on this step again . Everett stand there , hold a stick with several fish on it , dangle from they gill . he shift on he foot , agitate . everett I think you want fish . ida not from you I do not . everett she say you do . plus you still owe I a nickel from the last time . maud hurry off towards the kitchen . int . aunt ida' house - day 26 she come back , wear a apron , with a cloth in she hand . make sure she be in Everett 's full view , maud start to vigorously polish the furniture . ida ( 0.s. ) I do not owe you anything . everett ( 0.s. ) y-y - you do so , you owe I for that split fish . on ida and everett : ida I be sure I pay you . ( continued ) 26 27 28 29 continued : 25 . 26 everett you do not pay I . suddenly Everett notice maud clean in the background . once she see he look she way , she scrub even harder . ida and the truth be it be fausty . so ... Everett glare at ida , angrily . everett the only thing fausty around here be you ... plus you get a face like a prune and a arse like a sack a potato . maud stifles a giggle . ida be shocked . she slam the door on Everett . maud hurry back into the dining room ... int . aunt ida' house - kitchen -- day 27 ... and reach she hand into aunt ida 's change purse and swipe a nickel . she take she hand out of the purse in the nick of time , as ida walk into the room , all in a huff . ida the manners of a horse . why would anyone talk to I like that ? I 'ma good Christian . she stomp through the house , pay zero attention to maud as she pass . maud walk out of the room ... ext . aunt ida 's house - front porch -- day 28 ... and head out the front door . ext . digby STREET -- day 29 maud look up the road and see Everett off in the distance , push he wheelbarrow . she head towards he . several child scatter , giggle and scream , when they see Everett come . Everett embrace it . everett run ! !!! pile a monkey . oooga booga booga !!!! ( continued ) 29 26 . continued : 29 Everett raise he arm and dance , make as if he be go to chase the child . they scurry off , truly terrify . maud be amused . she hurry to catch up with he . he see she come and speed up . maud wait . hold on . he do not . maud ( cont 'd ) she get a mind like a sieve . she musta forget . wait . hold up . he keep go . maud ( cont 'd ) I have something for you . this intrigue he . without look at she , he stop to wait until she catch up . she arrive by he side , wind . maud ( cont 'd ) here ... a nickel . ( catch she breath ) sorry about ... aunt ida .... she do not know it but ... she 's a bit ... odd . he look down at she big brown eye . her strange little face , beam up at he . she smile . maud ( cont 'd ) some job to keep up to you leg . she hold she hand out further maud ( cont 'd ) here . take it . she motion for he to take the nickel . he finally reach out and she drop the coin in he hand . he put it in he pocket and say nothing . he keep go . maud ( cont 'd ) when be you gonna make a decision ? everett I be not in any rush . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) 27 . 29 29 maud I understand . so I should let you know , I do have another job offer . this catch he attention . maud ( cont 'd ) yeah . Cleaning a house over the road . start in a couple of day . she smile . he look displease . he shift do not . maud ( cont 'd ) but this house be big , really big . everett piff . nothing worse than a big house . maud I feel the same way . it 's not cozy . some people get too much money , you ask I . everett make people lazy . maud I like a good hard worker myself . but oh well . that 's it . I needa job now , so I be go to have to take it . on he foot , want to say something . but he so she continue . maud ( cont 'd ) so , yeah . start in two day . she laugh nervously . maud ( cont 'd ) who be I to complain ? I love a bit of work , so I should just be grateful . but you will find someone else , I bet load of woman apply . she smile at he . maud ( cont 'd ) whoever you end up hire , she 's a lucky woman . Nice meeting you . ( continued ) 29 30 31 32 28 . continued : ( 3 ) Everett watch as maud head back towards ida 's house . as maud walk away , she 's grin from ear to ear . int . digby county orphanage - washroom -- day with a bar of soap in he hand , Everett be wait in line with a bunch of boy , various age . each boy take a few second to slap some water and soap on the face and hand then hurry off . once they leave , Everett be alone . he pull off he shirt , then slowly start to lather up he soap and begin to wash himself . int . digby county orphanage - dinner hall -- day a long table of boy , all of they eat . and among they , the tall , lanky and freshly clean Everett . everyone be focus on they food . no attempt at interact with the child , but comfortable just the same . mr. hill ( 60 ) walk through the dining hall , nodd and smile at the boy . he see Everett and salute he - a friendly gesture . ext . digby county orphanage - day Everett root through a stack of junk , sorting thing he deem useful and put they in he wheelbarrow . Mr. Hill be clipping the weed that be grow around the fence . mr . hill not much there worth anything Everett . Everett keep sorting . everett might not be worth anything to you . he find a piece of tar paper , throw it in he wheelbarrow . everett ( cont 'd ) I have get to stock up on everything , because I keep get rob . mr . hill who 's robbing you now ? everett who 's not robbing I . ( more ) ( continued ) 29 30 31 32 32 continued : everett ( cont 'd ) every time I turn around . no 29 . matter where I hide my money , they sniff it out . Everett spit . mr . hill I tell you , open a bank account . everett I be not pay someone to hold my money . mr . hill be not you think about hire a woman ? everett yeah . but there 's slim pickin apply for the job . mr . hill someone actually apply ? everett maybe I would be better off with one of that young fella . they could look out for the house during the day . mr . hill this kid be under ten . they can not stay home alone all day . everett I do the work of ten man when I be he age . I clean this yard , up all the wood - mr. hill chop yes , but you be here , around people . you house be up the road in the middle of nowhere . Everett have finish load he wheelbarrow . he start to walk away . mr . hill ( cont 'd ) Everett , if someone apply for that job , hire they . Everett wave he off without look . it 's obvious that he 's consider ... but as he walk away , 32 33 34 35 36 30 . int . everett' model T ford - day 33 Everett straighten out he hair , as he sputter down the road , shaking he knee nervously . int . aunt ida' house - live room -- day 34 maud be help ida shaking out the sheet that cover the rarely use live room . I ida shake it . you have to let a bit of air under it to get lift . up. up. maud lordy . take muscle , do not it ? ida Higher . let I show you . then suddenly , a impatient horn beep repeatedly . ida ( cont 'd ) what be that racket ? as the horn keep beep , maud look out the window . she see that it 's everett . maud head towards the front door . ida follow she int . aunt ida' front hallway - day 35 ida watch in horror as maud make she way down the sidewalk towards Everett . ida God almighty help save we all . ext . aunt ida' house - day 36 maud walk up to the truck , act calm . maud Nice day out . Everett do not bite with the small talk . he blurt it out . everett s'pose I will give you a try . maud that would be nice . ( continued ) 36 37 38 31 . continued : 36 he stiffen up , and look away . everett well do not stand there all day . int . aunt ida' house - day 37 ida watch from the window . she look up and down the road in a panic , check to see who else might be a witness to this . maud leave the truck and head back towards the house . Everett 's truck stay park outside the fence . ida God in heaven . maud come back in the house and walk right by ida , ignore she glare . maud head towards she bedroom , ida follow . ida ( cont 'd ) what 's go on ? int . aunt ida' house - maud 's bedroom -- day 38 maud be hurriedly pack up she thing . maud I be gonna be he housemaid . ida nearly choke . maud ( cont 'd ) I be a grow woman . I need to go off and have my own place . ida you can not look after yourself , maud . maud I know you think that . maud start to pack she thing in a bag , when ida , ina desperate move , knock she belonging out of she hand . a hand mirror , a hair brush . she and maud stare at each other for a moment . then maud soften . maud ( cont 'd ) you be nice to take I in . maud pick up she thing and leave the bedroom . 39 40 int . aunt ida 's house - hallway -- day as maud walk through the house : maud I will make sure to tell everyone that you be a good Christian . I have be nothing but a scourge to you . ida you be determine to put a stain on we family name . maud leave though the front door . ida follow maud onto the veranda . ext . aunt ida 's house - day 32 . maud keep walk towards the truck , determine not to look back . ida think of you mother . what would she think if she be alive ? this stop maud for a moment . maud ma want I to have what everyone else have . ida that include a bit of pride . common sense . dignity . she would be ashamed of you . maud feel stung by this . maud I be sorry . ida if you leave you be not come back . you know that , right ? maud look at she for a moment , consider this . then Everett " toot " the horn . everett do not get all day , woman . maud turn and continue towards he . Everett get out of the truck and take she bag , throw they in the back 39 40 41 42 33. int . everett' model T ford - day 41 maud stare out the window as they drive down the road in silence . he watch she out of the corner of he eye . everett you be not bawling , be you ? she take a breath , gather herself . maud try to figure out how to ask you about pay . he be not expect this . maud ( cont 'd ) I be assume I be work for room and board , but I be think a extra twenty five cent a week spend money as well . he snarl at this . maud ( cont 'd ) to make it feel official . his silence be a begrudge " yes " . she smile . int . everett' house - day 42 Everett walk into he shack , maud follow behind . he leave maud stand there by the door with she bag as he stoke the fire . she look around the place . Everett stand , awkwardly shifting on he foot , after a moment , he turn and leave the house again . more awkwardness as maud look for a place to lay she bag . there be no room . everything be cake in dirt and grime . finally , maud sit in a chair , she bag on she lap . she study several old wear mug that hang on nail along the wall . mug that be chip and stain , but that have once be quite pretty . Everett come back in with a stack of wood in he arm . maud there you be , think you leave I . she giggle . he drop the pile of wood by the fire , and a chunk of wood land on maud 's foot . ( continued ) 42 43 44 34 . continued : she try to hide the pain . maud ( cont 'd ) so ... what do you want I to do first ? everett I dunno . I guess - he look around , not sure what to say . they mutual discomfort thicken the air . finally ... everett ( cont 'd ) if I get to stand here and tell you everything , I ’1ll just do it myself . he leave again . maud look around the tiny home . one room with a tiny staircase go to a loft upstairs . nothing but a table , two chair , a arm chair , a wood stove , and some shelf . some potato and a turnip , some carrot sit on the floor next to the stove . a bucket with water in it as well . maud stand up . where to begin ? finally , she unzip she little bag , and start to unpack a few of she thing . she notice a horizontal wooden beam , and neatly lay she thing on it , in a row : she brush , she mirror , a picture of she mother , one of fluffy , she cat , etc . ext . everett' house - day Everett be outside , curious about maud , as he discreetly peer in through the window . he watch as she hobble around collect the dirty dish . he can hear the sound of she hum to herself . he turn up he nose at this cheeriness . as he pull a trolly , Everett do a sharp whistle to the dog . they follow he as he head down the road . int . everett' house - evening maud have a pot of soup on the stove , and she have a portion of the house clean . but she have get distract by Everett 's thing , unable to resist poke around . she sit in a rock chair as she sift through he old tin can fill with tatter photograph and oddity : a photograph of a young boy , with a woman , look like he mother . a tiny wooden incomplete chisele wooden horse . the little tin toy sherrif 's badge , we see he fix . a little toy gun , make out of wood and nail . ( continued ) 42 43 44 * 44 35 . continued : maud study they with interest . then Everett walk in the 44 door , startling maud . everett what be go on here ? maud drop the can of photo . everett ( cont 'd ) get outta my stuff ! you think that 's what I bring you here for ? maud get on she hand and knee , pick up the photo . everett ( cont 'd ) look . you hardly lift a finger since I leave . rootin 's around in my gear . he see a pot cooking on the stove . maud I be take a break . I make soup . he dip the ladle in , taste the soup . he sneer and throw the ladle down aggressively . maud jump with fright . everett what you put in that ? I might look stupid , but I be far from it . look you have not even clean the table . maud I be get to that ... Everett look at she , it suddenly dawn on he . everett you want money , and for what ? you do not know a click about clean . do you ? maud I just need to get the hang of it . everett I do not want a lazy arse around here . pack up and get . he swipe she little belonging off the shelf and onto the floor . then he get up and climb the ladder to the loft . maud can not believe she ear . ( continued ) 44 45 46 continued : ( 2 ) 36 . maud where be I s'pose to go ? everett you shoulda think about that when you be sit around twiddle you thumb . maud I need a day to find my foot , you never tell I where anything be what you want I to do with you stuff , I be just gettin ' a lay of the land . everett I be not gonna look after ya !!! I want someone who will do the lookin’ after . not some crippled up little thing look to rob I . now get out . he climb up to the loft . maud watch in disbelief , unsure of what to do . everett ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) get out !!! maud fight back the tear as she gather she thing and leave . ext . everett' house - evening maud stand outside of Everett 's house . the wind blow wildly . maud start to walk towards the road , but she stop and look back to Everett 's house . she be completely lose as to where to go . stand in the middle of nowhere , maud look as if she 's about to cry . but instead ... ... she turn she back to the wind and lean against it . it be so powerful that it almost hold she up . she outstretch she arm and let the wind beat against she . this action start to soothe she . she finally close she eye , a smile spread across she face . int . everett' house - upstair loft - night Everett stare out he window at maud as the wind give she a beat while she stand in the middle of the yard . ( continued ) 44 45 46 46 continued : he blow out he lantern , and climb into bed . 36a . 46 47 48 49 37 . int . everett' house - morning 47 the next morning , Everett wake up to sound come from downstairs . he climb down from the loft and see maud scrubbing the floor . he stare at she in disbelief . she be sweat bucket , as she use all she force to ring out what be leave of she cloth . it be kill she hand , but she press on . meanwhile , she have make a attempt to set the table . his mug and he plate be neatly place . two slice of toast wait for he . some freshly pick wildflower be place in a bottle . Everett completely ignore she and climb down the stair . he gather he thing to head out for work . he grab the toast , slug back the tea , and head out the door , without say a word . she smile . then start to clean the smoke stain from the wall . her crippled hand make scrubbing very difficult but she withstand the pain to get the job do . ext . everett' house - day 48 maud dig a chicken out of the coop , but it break free . she chase it around the yard . she finally catch it . maud do not blame you my son . I have run too . she take it over to the wood stump , it fight to break free , but she hold on tightly . maud ( cont 'd ) God bless you , poor soul . maud send the ax down on the chicken 's neck . feather and blood fly about as maud wince . int . everett' house - day 49 maud have a stew cooking on the stove as she continue to clean , despite the pain it be cause she as she remove thing off the shelf , she notice the once blue shelf be thick with dust . she look at it thoughtfully for a moment before she close she eye and blows on it . some of the dust blow away , but revealing more dust and grime . the blue be still bury . ( continued ) 49 50 51 38 . continued : 49 on she way to get the scrub brush , she notice a old can of green paint . maud eye it . int . everett' house - day 50 maud have just finish the last touch of paint on the shelf . it be now a bright green . she smile , pleased with herself . int . everett' house - night 51 Everett come in late at night . maud sit wait nervously in the arm chair . Everett say nothing . he sit on a break chair by the door and remove he boot . he see the steamy pot of stew on the stove . he look around , check the place out , then look at maud . everett that 's my chair . she get up . maud let I get you a bowl a stew . she go over to the stove and scoops up a hefty serve then place it at the table . Everett sit down and eat . he eyeball she little thing on the shelf , bother by the presence of she belonging . maud go over to Everett 's boot and neatly place they side by side . she watch out of the corner of she eye as he eat . everett where have you get the chicken . maud kill it . the scrawny one . Everett be surprised , and silently impressed . maud ( cont 'd ) so ...am I able to stay then ? everett we will see if you can follow my rule . maud watch he eat , half afraid to speak . ( continued ) 51 52 53 54 continued : 39 . 51 maud where be I to sleep ? everett you clean upstairs ? maud only one bed up there . I be wonder where I should settle in . Everett get up , scoops himself up another bowl of stew . everett no room for princess here . when I be a youngster , sleep in the orphanage , there have be seven or eight of we in the bed . foot up my nose , elbow in my arse . you be too fancy to pile in up there , you can pack up you little knick - knack and go on . maud have no choice . maud I be only the size of a flea . suppose I can fit somewhere . int . everett' house , upstair loft - night 52 Everett and maud lay on either side of the mattress in the loft bedroom . it be awkward , and silent . maud try to keep she eye close , but she can not sleep . she hear heavy sigh come out of Everett lie next to she . meanwhile , on Everett 's side of the bed , he be force the sound of he breathe , feign sleep , while he lie there , completely awake , he wheel turn . time passage - night 53 the moon slowly disappear , while the light begin to change from black to orange . as the sun rise over the landscape , Everett 's little house stand alone against the colorful sky .... ext . everett' house - day 54 maud be try to feed the dog as they jump up on she ( continued ) 54 55 continued : 40 . 54 maud off. get. Brown . she shove they off of she . maud ( cont 'd ) ( cont 'd ) go on , blackie . out of my way . Everett be load up wood in he truck . he look at she suddenly resent she presence . everett who say you could talk to they like that ? maud they be gettin’ mud on I . everett they be here longer than you , and I tell you , they be a lot more useful . maud I be only tryin' to feed they . everett shut you gob woman ! I x11 tell you how it go . it 's I . it 's they dog . they chicken . then it 's you . he climb in the truck and leave . maud watch resentfully , bite she tongue as Everett drive away . she continue to feed the dog while they jump all over she ext . general store - day 55 maud sit on the bench outside the general store , eat a can of sardine with she finger , when aunt ida approach the store . when she see maud , she stiffen . maud hi there . I be take a break from work . ida nobody believe you be work for that man , he 's practically a beggar . everyone 's talk he have you bar up in there as he love slave . it 's disgusting . ( continued ) 55 56 57 41 . continued : 55 maud burst into a fit of laughter . she cover she mouth shyly , but can not stop laugh . maud ( laugh ) Everett with a love slave . ida keep walk into the store . maud ( cont 'd ) would it make it more proper if I marry he ? then maybe they will not talk so much . ida ignore this . maud ( cont 'd ) would you like to visit I sometime ? at my new house ? ida balk . ida I would not be catch dead . I would not even drive by that house . ida turn and walk into the store . maud wait for a moment , then get up and make she way down the road . int . everett' house - day 56 maud sit at she spot at the table , painting a picture . a little girl in a pink dress at the centre . int . everett' truck - day 57 Everett be drive he truck , with a young , pleasant look man , frank ( 30 ) in the passenger seat . everett we be dump this stuff off , then you go on , do not go linger around like a horsefly . I get work to do . Frank laugh . frank gee , really ? you be not go to invite I in for tea ? but Everett be agitate . they pull into he driveway . 42 . 58 ext . everett' house - day 58 Frank be help Everett unload some scrap metal from the back of the truck . frank what be you gonna do with all this , ev. everett sell it . leave it here . frank who would buy that ? maud come to the door , smile . Frank be take aback . maud Nice day . Frank take maud in , then smile at she . frank ahhh . hello there . Everett get a woman . Everett , embarrassed , glare at maud . everett go in the house , you . he look back at Frank . frank what 's this ? everett she 's work for I . I gotta have someone to mind the house while I be away , otherwise they will rob I blind . frank ( laugh ) you have get a tiny little woman to guard you house ? could not you get a meaner dog ? or a gun ? Frank lay down he end of the scrap metal . frank ( cont 'd ) ( to maud ) wait , come ’ere . I be Frank . ( more ) ( continued ) continued : 43 . 58 58 frank ( cont 'd ) I be the fisherman Everett try to cheat every day . maud he would not cheat you , he 's a good man . frank oh , so you do not know Everett well I see . Frank smirk at Everett , who sneer back . maud walk towards he , timidly smile . maud oh hi. I be maud . frank Nice to meet you . you be work here ? maud I be live here . Everett bristle . everett that 's enough . frank so you have get a live in maid , do ya ? Frank look at Everett , teasing . Everett react defensively . everett I be go all day , every day . I be a busy man . I deserve a clean house when I get home . frank ( to maud ) where do you fit in there ? maud be happy to be have pleasant conversation . Everett be stare in disbelief and outrage . maud oh , I would fit anywhere , I be sure . more room in there then you would think . she smile . look to Everett . ( continued ) 58 59 continued : ( 2 ) 44 . 58 maud ( cont 'd ) we find it cozy in there , do not we ? then out of nowhere , he raise he hand to maud , and slap maud in the face . maud be take aback . so be Frank . even Everett be a little stunne by he action . but he stiffen , refuse to apologize . everett get in the house . a shocked maud turn and run inside . intercut with : int . everett' house - day 59 maud run into the house , humiliate . outside : Everett continue to rant to Frank . everett I be the boss of this house , and if she do not know it , she will learn it . inside : maud look - with all the chair still outside , maud have nowhere to sit , so she flop down on the floor in the corner , lean into the wall . outside : Frank continue to unload the truck frank nobody in they right mind will put up with that for long . everett yeah , well she be not in she right mind , that 's one thing I know . inside : maud sit there , hold back all she tear . then she notice the can of GREEN paint again . she slide the cover off and dip she finger in the paint . then she draw a little picture of a tree on the wall . it comfort she calm she . moment later , Everett walk into the house . he see she on the floor . as she wipe she finger off in she apron , she glare at Everett . everett ( cont 'd ) ( cont 'd ) I hope you learn you lesson . ( continued ) 59 60 continued : 45. 59 maud I be learn something , for sure . everett sulkin 's in the corner . maud do you want I here or do not you ? Everett say nothing . maud ( cont 'd ) cuz i’1l go , I ’1l1 walk out right now . do you want I here or not ? he refuse to answer . maud ( cont 'd ) if you be just gonna kick I out one of this day anyway , say it and I 'il get . he stare at she angrily , but do not speak . maud ( cont 'd ) and if you be gonna keep on be that kind of boss ... I would like my pay please . he sneer at she , but she stand defiantly , she crooked hand hold out . maud ( cont 'd ) you have not pay I yet , not once . after a moment , he reach into he pocket and pull out a couple of quarter . he flick they on the table and leave . after the door shut , maud get up off the floor she exhales , relieved , then take a seat - in everett 's chair int . everett' house - day 60 maud be in the midst of clean when there be a aggressive knock on the door . she look up , startle . sandra ( 0.s. ) open the damn door , I know you be in there . maud freeze in she spot . ( continued ) 60 61 62 63 continued : 46 . 60 sandra ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) there 's smoke come from the chimney . I know you be home . maud gently tip toe over to peer out the window . but just as she do the woman move towards the window , so maud hit the floor . ext . everett' house - day 61 the woman , sandra ( 40 ) a spunky , attractive woman , press she face to the window . sandra you can not hide in there forever . int . everett' house - day 62 maud gently crawl over towards the door , and peak through the crack between the door and the floor . sandra ( 0.s . ) I suppose you think I be a dumb woman and I would not notice . you be wrong . all she can see be the woman 's shoe . beautiful , burgundy leather shoe with a tiny bow on they . maud study the detail of the shoe . ext . everett' house - day 63 Sandra be get agitate . she light up a cigarette . sandra you do not know who you be deal with . I invent the word stubborn . she sit there , in silence for a moment . then ... maud ( 0.s. ) they be some snazzy shoe . Sandra stop inhale the cigarette . be she hearing thing ? sandra hello ? Sandra look around . she can hear someone shuffle around inside . maud creak open the door ( continued ) continued : 47 . 63 63 maud I say you be wear snazzy shoe . they comfy ? Sandra look at maud in disbelief . who be this creature ? sandra ah , they be not bad . sorry , be you the fish peddler 's wife ? maud gonna ask you the same thing . you be so mad , I figure you have to be marry to he . sandra he short change I one time too many . be he around ? maud who ? sandra the fish peddler . maud chuckle to herself . maud " Fish peddler " . I usually call he the old crab . ( then serious ) but not to he face . maud , realize the woman have business on she mind . maud ( cont 'd ) Everett 's out on the round . sandra well ... I pay he for fish and he never deliver . maud hide she embarrassment and try to cover for Everett . maud he 's do so much , sometimes he forget . sandra I pay he , plus a handsome tip . now , I be here from New York for the whole summer , I can give he my business or not . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) 48 . 63 maud smile . 63 maud from New York the city . that must be different . sandra I be have a dinner party tonight , I need three fish . maud be determine to give Everett the benefit of the doubt . maud you sure he never drop the fish off ? maybe you dog run off with it - sandra I do not have a dog - maud - or you cat . cat love a fish . Sandra get firm with maud . sandra no cat . Sandra try to take a bold step inside . maud stand she guard , all while smile up at Sandra politely . maud I will tell he you come by . but Sandra be distract when she see the painting on the wall . she study they : a happy look Chicken , and several bright flower . maud ( cont 'd ) I will tell Everett to square up with you when he get home . Sandra look at maud with a new interest . sandra I would appreciate that . do you paint that happy little chicken ? maud oh , yes . ( more ) ( continued ) 63 64 continued : ( 3 ) 49 . 63 maud ( cont 'd ) ( look at the chicken ) that 's ches . he be a chicken out in the yard . I kill he . for supper . I want to remember he happier day . Sandra smile , charme . sandra what 's you name ? maud I be maud . Sandra look at maud curiously . sandra Nice to meet you maud . I be Sandra . they smile at each other , and maud close the door . maud go back to the table by the window , and find a scrap of card stock . int . everett' house - evening 64 maud be stand fairly close to Everett as she attempt to serve up he supper . he watch she , but she 's clumsy and slow . finally he grab the serve spoon out of she hand . everett gimme some elbow room woman . maud back off . Everett scoops up he own plate of food . everett ( cont 'd ) Whole goddamn place be take over feel like squirrel move in . who tell you to put they rat track on my wall ? maud just do what you ask . everett yes , I tell you to paint fairy all over my house . maud giggle . maud that 's a bird . ( more ) ( continued ) 64 continued : 50 . 64 maud ( cont 'd ) you tell I to make the place look alright . I think it look alright . you ? he look around . then begrudgingly give in . everett leave that wall behind the stove alone . that 's my wall . maud sit down at the table with he as he eat . she wait a moment before speak . maud think about my brother Charles . Everett do not look up . maud ( cont 'd ) he use to run one a they jazz club for awhile . always people on he back for money he owed they . he always say people be try to rob he out , but he could not prove it . must be tough run a business . everett I owe nobody . maud apparently Charles never owed anyone , but he never have proof . it be hard to keep track of it all . everett only if you be stupid . maud maybe . and you be not . you be a really smart man . too smart probably . you can keep track of all this in you head but most people can not . Everett like the sound of this , but say nothing . maud ( cont 'd ) you get to dumb it down . everett what 's that ? ( continued ) 64 65 continued : ( 2 ) 51 . 64 maud well . I guess you gotta think like a dumb person , and write it all down . I can help you , you want . maud hold up one of she little card . she have make crooked line on it , a place for the name / amount in / amount out . maud ( cont 'd ) never mind who you owe money to . who owe you money ? Everett think , skeptically . then ... everett the donovan 's owe I for two fish . he think some more . can not think of anyone else . maud write the name down on the card , and the amount owed . maud and can you think of anyone you owe fish to ? Everett slink back in he chair everett suppose I owe linehan 's , I owe they two fish . maud write this on a new card . when she be finish , she turn the card over , revealing a simple , scenic painting on each card . Flowers , tree , bird . he look at the painting . everett ( cont 'd ) what 's this ? maud oh , I think it would make the card a little friendlier look . she smile at he . he shake he head at she , but let it go . int . everett' house - upstair loft - night 65 maud and Everett be tuck in they bed . maud 's eye be close , while Everett be wide awake . he stare at maud for a bit . then gather the courage to approach she , albeit a little ungracefully . ( continued ) 65 52 . continued : he gently touch maud 's hair . then he roll over and lie on top of she , and fumble around , try to lift up she nightdress . maud look at Everett strangely . 65 maud be we gonna get marry ? Everett look at she , almost surprised to hear she speak everett foolish . money racket , that be . maud giggle . maud only if you invite people , and have a dance and stuff . give everyone supper . everett it all cost money , even the license to do it cost money . wo not catch I at it . maud stare at the ceiling . maud hmmmm . Everett snort . maud ( cont 'd ) Charles have a wedding . his wife want a fancy wedding , so he have to scrounge up every cent he have . I say , if I ever get marry , I will not be invite anyone . I would just do it for cheap , at the town hall . Everett yank the blanket up over he shoulder . maud keep talk . everett why be you yakking about he , I do not care about he . maud well . if you plan on roll over to my side of the bed , I think we better get marry . I get in that sort of trouble once before , I do not think I should be at it again . ( continued ) 65 66 67 continued : ( 2 ) 53. 65 everett what trouble ? maud hesitates , then ... maud oh. you know . be not marry , have a baby , shame my family . Everett look at she , in disbelief . she look at he , hope he will understand . maud ( cont 'd ) baby die . never even see she Charles and aunt ida bury she while I be sleep . Everett stare at maud for a moment , a little dumbfounded . then he turn over on he back again , and close he eye to go to sleep . after a moment , maud do the same . ext . marshalltown road - day 66 maud walk with Everett who push he wheel barrow . she have a scarf tie around she head , as she walk proudly down the road . she have a hard time keep up to he , but do she best . maud you be gonna have to wait up . everett you be gonna have to speed up . or I will put you in the wheelbarrow . people stare at the two of they strangely . ext . sandra 's summer home - day 67 maud hang back on the step as Everett knock on Sandra 's door . after a moment , Sandra answer it . she 's a complete disaster - cover in flour , and hold a wooden spoon in she hand . sandra well , look who it be . you have catch I at my most domestic . I be make a thing call " chocolate chip cookie " . Everett 's not in the mood for small talk . ( continued ) 67 continued : 54 . 67 everett here , look . he hand she three fish . everett ( cont 'd ) the three fish you want . I only owed you for two fish . now you owe I for one . Sandra look at he strangely . everett ( cont 'd ) we figure it out on the card , look . now you owe I back for one fish . maud step up . maud we be rendering account , so there will not be a mix up . everett I never tell you to speak . maud put she head down . Sandra look at the card , skeptically . sandra how do I know this be right ? everett cuz I say it be . maud look up again . maud maybe we should just start clean from now on we ’1ll keep track . Everett shoot she another look . everett I say shut up . maud look down again . Sandra look at Everett , annoyed . sandra give I a minute . ( continued ) 67 68 69 55 . continued : ( 2 ) 67 then she take the card and go back in the house . maud pick a speck of paint off of she hand as Everett rant . Everett glare at maud who wait on the lower step , eye to the ground . everett I be the boss , you do what I say . I be the boss , do not forget it . who bring in the money ? maud you do . everett that 's right . do not forget it . int . sandra 's summer home - day 68 as Sandra go to get she purse , she toss the card down on the table , finally notice the beautiful little painting on the back - a winter wonderland scene . ext . sandra 's summer home - day 69 Sandra come out again , with money and the card in hand . sandra I will pay you . if you make I some more of this card . she look at maud , who look back , stunne . sandra ( cont 'd ) Christmas card . more like this . Everett do not know what to think . maud look to he . maud I dunno . it 's up to the boss . I do what he say . Everett be dumbfounded for a moment . everett alright . throw in a extra five cent . sandra Fine . how about ten cent a card . wow . even better than he intend . ( continued ) 69 70 71 72 73 74 56 . continued : 69 Everett grab the money from Sandra , who ignore he , but smile at maud . sandra ( cont 'd ) I look forward to they very much . she and maud smile at each other warmly . Everett clock this . ext . STREET - day 70 as they walk down the road , maud struggle to keep up . maud you be good ev. I gotta say , I never woulda think to ask for that money . you really know what you be do . Everett be somewhat pleased as well , as he walk ahead of she . everett get in second gear woman . int . everett' house - day 71 maud sit at the little table in the corner by the window as she paint a apple tree on a little card . a bright beam of sunlight shine in on she . she look out the window and see a group of child walk by - one little girl in a pink dress among they . she study she closely .... int . everett' house - day 72 more of Everett 's house have be paint - a butterfly on the door , flower around the window . maud be now painting the stair on the way up to the loft . ext . wharf - day 73 maud be with Frank . he have find some old can of paint and he 's hand they off to maud . int . everett' house - day 74 maud sit at the table with she paint . she dip a paintbrush into a little container of paint . she scrape it against a paint splatter sardine can . ( continued ) 74 75 76 57 . continued : she look at herself in the mirror for a moment . it 's difficult for she . but she smile a little , and take she paint brushes and paint a little tiny flower on the frame . then she turn back to a large painting on a wooden board that be half - way finish . she make she large , unrefine paint stroke . a outdoor scene . a tire swing now hang from a tree . a little girl in a pink dress . maud look out the window , and see Everett chopping wood . he effortlessly split each wood chuck in two with one fall swoop . he be concentrate , and relentless . maud stop she painting for a moment and watch he admiringly . a sweet , shy smile come across she face . she turn she attention back to the painting , and start to paint Everett , in he plaid shirt , hard at work . int . general store - day Everett be collect money from Mr. mcdougal . everett here 's a few more to sell . the storekeeper look at the card skeptically . mr . mcdougal I do not know why people be pay money for this . my five year old can do better . Everett look out the window of the store , where maud be wait outside . then , he lean into the storekeeper angrily . everett you do not know what you be talk about . how foolish be you . this be good drawing , and that 's why people be pay good money for it . you , my son , be a idiot . Everett stomp off , outside the store to join maud . ext . digby field - day maud and Everett walk across the wide open field , two colorful speck among the dull yellow grass . 74 75 76 77 int . everett' house - day maud and Everett be in the house , Everett be poke the wood stove as maud sit at the table , painting . Everett lean over and sneak a peak at what she 's do . ( continued ) 57a . 77 77 continued : 58. it 's one of Three Black cat . maud you like they ? he look away . everett like what ? maud my painting . everett how be I suppose to know if they be good or not . that 's woman 's stuff . but he stop and look at they . take they all in . then he notice down at the bottom , where she name be sign , it say ... maud lewis . everett ( cont 'd ) what 's that ? I know what that say that 's my name there . but you be a dowley . maud bite she lip . maud well. yeeeeah . but I figure , where we be partner , and the painting be half yours . so ... part of you name should be on it too . right ? he look around the house . nothing 's be do . it 's a bit of a mess . everett you gonna get at some of the housework now , or what ? maud I have get to finish a few more of this first . everett Lord , woman , you can not neglect the chore . ( continued ) 77 77 78 79 continued : ( 2 ) 59 . maud I know , but there be only so many hour in the day . everett might as well start do it all myself . he grab the apron . maud smile to herself . ext . everett' house - evening maud and Everett be sit down to a quiet supper when there be a knock on the door . everett whoever it be , tell them to vamoose . maud get up to open it . it 's Sandra . sandra it 's cold out here , may I come in ? maud look back to Everett . Everett give a sharp point towards the road - in other word " get " . maud look back at Sandra and smile . maud um , we be just gettin’ supper ready . but Sandra be not deterr , take in maud and she surroundings . sandra smell like it . I will not stay long . Sandra smile at maud , as she nudge she way in . int . everett' house - continuous Everett look up from the table , in disbelief . maud stand nervously between the two of they . maud he like it quiet when he eat - sandra I do not think he could hear . everett I hear fine . ( continued ) 77 78 79 60 . 79 continued : 79 Everett glare at she as she plunk herself down on a chair she ignore Everett and turn to maud excitedly . sandra ( cont ’d ) show I one of you larger painting . maud do not do larger painting , just the card . sandra oh , you must . I be willing to pay you price . maud just shake she head . everett yes she do . Everett reach down under the couch , and pull out the painting of the little girl and the tire swing . maud look at he , shaking she head " no " . but he grin . everett ( cont 'd ) some fine gob of paint flicked on this board . right up you alley - maud I be not even finish that . sandra let I see it . Sandra study it . sandra ( cont 'd ) beautiful . maud shrug , smile shyly . sandra ( cont 'd ) this tree have red leave , and this one have green . what season be it ? maud shrug again . maud oh , guess it 's everything that 's pretty about all season . everett how much ? ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) 61 . 79 sandra what 's you price . maud Nah , not for sale , sorry . everett five dollar . sandra done. maud no . I be not sell it . everett already sell . Everett take the painting and hand it to Sandra . maud throw Everett a look . maud but , I be not finish it . he see something in she eye . a plead look . Sandra do not notice , she 's absorb with the painting . he grab the painting from Sandra . everett only josh you . it 's not for sale . Sandra look back at maud , realize she 's not get she to budge . sandra you know what would be even better ? if I commission you to paint something for I . she take out five dollar and go to give it to maud . maud refer it to Everett . Sandra begrudgingly give it to Everett . sandra ( cont 'd ) paint I anything . on a board like this , just whatever you want . you can send it to I in New York . show I how you see the world . maud smile shyly . 80 81 62. int . everett' house - day maud look at the frame scenery outside she window . it 's a cold , dreary , bleak day . rain be pelting down hard . everett be outside , carting load of wood out of the shed . maud watch through the window as Everett head towards she with the wheel barrow . his face stern . serious , as he shield himself from the pelting rain . she can hear he mutter curse . vulnerable , but hard . she smile to herself . she look back down at the painting . it be of Everett enjoy he work on a sunny day . int . everett' house , upstair loft - night maud and Everett be in bed . it be almost completely dark and maud be nearly asleep . Everett reach under the blanket and poke at maud . everett you awake ? maud can barely open she eye . maud yeah . he poke at she some more . then move a little closer to she and start to rub up against she . she do not respond , but she fully wake up . Everett grope at she more aggressively . she turn to he . maud ( cont 'd ) you know , I think we can afford that marriage license . everett foolish . maud well , we can . Everett roll over and away from she she look at he , a little beam of moonlight shine across he face . his eye glisten as he stare at the ceiling . everett everyone want want want . if I want something , I gotta fork out . ( continued ) 80 81 81 continued : 63. maud listen . 81 everett ( cont 'd ) stay on you side of the bed , you will not catch I over there again . maud stare at the ceiling , so do Everett . maud I want to , I just think we should get marry first . everett never mind you bribe . leave I alone . he turn he back to she . maud I be sorry . I be not bribe . I just ... she move over and put she arm around he . she snuggle into he back . Everett look at she , he face soften . he move closer to she and fumble around under the blanket . maud lay still as the dark room be fill with the sound of Everett 's awkward grunt . maud hang onto Everett , appreciate the closeness . she hug tightly into he . but it last only momentarily . within moment , he be finish and he roll off of she . she smile at he . he suddenly seem shy and nervous . maud ( cont 'd ) ( cont 'd ) that be nice . Everett say nothing . he seem pain . awkward . she reach over and touch he , but he recoil . everett do not . he be suddenly really uncomfortable with the closeness . everett ( cont 'd ) do not think you be worm you way into my life , like this , cuz you be not . ( more ) ( continued ) 81 82 83 84 continued : ( 2 ) 64 . 81 everett ( cont 'd ) if you stop do you job , you be out on you duff in a flash , you understand ? and if you think I be go marrying you so I can do that you be sick in the head . Rather do it to a knot in a tree . maud glare at he , furiously , then climb out of bed . everett ( cont 'd ) ( cont 'd ) where you goin 's now ? maud say nothing , but disappear down the ladder after a moment , he hear the sound of the door slam . ext . everett' house - night 82 maud sit outside and smoke a cigarette while sit in between the two dog , blackie and brownie . she look at the dog who stare at the house . int . everett' house - night 83 Everett be downstairs , watch maud through the window . he can see that she be talk to the dog , and she do not look too happy . but he stubbornly head back upstairs . ext . everett' house - morning 84 Everett come outside with two cup of tea . he see maud , curl up next to the two dog where she spend the night . she hear the door slam close and sit up . Everett approach she , hold out the cup of tea . she will not take it . maud suppose you 'il throw that in my face next . everett I might . she refuse the tea . after a moment , he toss the tea across the ground . everett ( cont 'd ) if you do not know what I be like by now , you be stunne - er than you look ( continued ) 84 85 86 65 . continued : 84 she look down at she foot . maud we live together in this house , we might as well get marry . everett just cuz I do not have woman beat down my door , do not mean I get to marry up with the first one who will have I . maud well . why not ? we have be live in this house together now for almost a year . silence . Everett be bite the side of he cheek . maud ( cont 'd ) it would be nice to be like normal people , would not it ? that 's what normal people do , they get marry . everett you be not a normal woman . maud you need I . he look away . everett I do not need anybody . never do . maud foolish . everybody need somebody . that 's life . and you do not need many people . but you need I . int . digby county orphanage - day 85 maud be wear she best dress , she lovely broach pin to she chest , and a flower in she hair . she stand , nervously , wait for ... int . digby county orphanage - washing room -- day 86 Everett be put on a tatter suit that have be clean and press . he stand in the mirror , straighten himself out . smooth down he hair . int . digby county orphanage - hallway -- day maud stand against the wall , observe as a line of young boy pass by she . she smile , tickle by they cute face . Mr. Hill be at the end of the line . then , Everett come out , shiny clean . maud you look nice . everett let 's go . as they walk down the hall , Mr. Hill smile at maud . mr . hill Big day for you two . congratulation . she smile , and tuck she chin into she sweater . she 's nervous . happy . because ... ext . church - day everett and maud come out of the church have just get marry . maud be hold a bouquet of flower . Frank be there with he wife . Frank smile at maud . frank I do not know if I should offer congratulation or condolence , maud , but give I a hug . he hug she . then offer he hand to Everett . frank ( cont 'd ) you be nice . everett yeah yeah yeah . but Everett shake he hand . maud link she arm into Everett 's as they walk down the step . at first he tense up , but then he relax . a smile almost appear on he face . ext . digby field - day maud , still in she modest wedding dress , sit in the wheelbarrow , proud as a princess , as Everett push she through a open field fill with yellow daisy . 90 91 92 67 . ext . everett' house - night the sound of maud and Everett have sex in the loft . int . everett' house , upstair loft - night maud look at he with love as they have sex . it be awkward , but gentle . he roll over when they be do . everett ( cont ’d ) do not go think that everything 's all mushy now . I be still contrary . maud I know . everett every time I say something cross you can not run off to the shed and bitch to the dog . maud smile . maud we be like a good pair of sock . he give she a sarcastic look everett oh yes . one shrivel up sock , all clingy , the other one long , too thin , full a hole - she laugh . maud better than only one sock . everett yeah , maybe . she gently lay she head on he arm , want the intimacy , but not want to scare he off . she smile . happy . ext . everett' house - time passage - 1953 the sun begin to set into the landscape , as a flock of bird head off in a hurry across the darken sky . the tinny sound of music blare from the minuscule house ... ( continued ) 90 91 92 92 93 68. continued : 92 a 1950 's car cruise along the road , pass by the Lewis ' home ... int . everett' house - evening 93 a older maud be sit down at the table , she increasingly feeble hand hold a copy of the Star weekly magazine , which she read from . Everett be now wash the dish , wear the apron that maud sometimes wear . a tiny transistor radio play music in the background . maud " . , . , her painting can be find on display at she home in marshalltown nova scotia , where she life with she husband , Everett Lewis " , see they do mention you " a local fish peddler . " everett they say my name ? let I see ? she hold out the paper as he eye study the word , look for a word he recognize . he spot it and point to it . everett ( cont 'd ) that 's it there . she smile proudly as she place the paper down . he wipe he hand dry , and start to slice and butter a few piece of bread . maud Bet we will sell more painting now . everett next you will be want we to get electricity or something . maud foolish . everett we will have to buy a television . maud what do we want a television for ? I get that radio . might need some new battery soon . he bring over a plate of slice bread . they both eat a piece . ( continued ) 93 94 95 continued : 69 . 93 maud ( cont 'd ) we can afford battery . quiet moment as they eat they bread . she look back at the article . maud ( cont 'd ) I wonder who be out there read this right now ? everett nobody . you know what people be do with this article ? they be lighting they wood-stove with it . so do not go get too big for you britches . you be still my employee . maud laugh . maud I be not you employee . I be you wife . everett well , I be still the main earner . maud of course . I be only practice up . if people pay money for it , that 's you doin ' , not mine . he nod , satisfied with this " agreement " . everett as long as you do not start get fancy . ext . everett' house - day 94 maud 's hand be clearly worsen as she carry a old paint board with the word " painting for sale " . she walk out towards the road . then , she lean the board against a old rock . ext . marshalltown road - day 95 Everett walk home from a day 's work , look tired and wear out . as he near he own house , he slow down as he pass by the sign . 70 . 96 ext . everett' house - day 96 he walk into he driveway , and look at maud , who be stand next to Sandra , and several other curious visitor . maud have many painting lean up against the house . a few interested people have pull off on the side of the road , and be now milling about the house , admire maud and she work . Everett look on nervously . when maud see he , she smile . he smile back . awkward , but slightly excited . as Sandra be distract with talk to potential customer , Everett walk over to maud . everett how much money we get today ? maud I think around eighteen dollar . maybe more . Everett look pleased by this . everett give it , I will put it somewhere safe . maud take the money out of she apron pocket and hand it to Everett . he look at Sandra , annoyed . maud she still bug you . everett I do not trust she . maud she 's my friend . everett pff ! Everett go back to chopping he wood . Sandra rejoin maud . sandra shall we have a cup of tea ? maud why do not we go for a walk . give Everett some peace . ( continued ) 96 97 71 . continued : 96 as they walk away , Everett do not notice . he keep chopping he wood , he back to they . ext . field - morning 97 maud and Sandra be strolling along a wide open field . sandra if he make you some stretch canvase , you would get a lot more money for that painting . maud I would not ask he . Sandra help maud along . maud 's much more feeble than Sandra , and the walk be a little difficult for she sandra so what 's it like be marry to such a ass ? ( off maud 's look ) sorry . " grump " . maud never be marry to anyone else , so what would I compare it to ? Sandra look at she for a beat before speak . maud ( cont 'd ) what ? sandra I have be die to ask you for year . do you ever feel you be in love ? maud smile shyly . sandra ( cont 'd ) you do ? you mean you think you love Everett ? actual love ? maud shrug , embarrassed . sandra ( cont 'd ) and be he in love with you ? maud this be foolish talk . how would I know that ? ( continued ) 97 98 continued : 72. 97 sandra well ... do he smile at you when you walk into the room , do he do little nice thing to show you he care ? do he pay you compliment . maud and Sandra sit on the grass , and maud slip off she shoe , and give this some think . maud if that 's what it mean , then no , I would not say Everett love much . maud scrunch she foot in the grass . Sandra do the same . maud ( cont 'd ) guess you husband must be nice to you . sandra God , no . I do not marry for love , I marry for ... I do not know . money ? to make my parent happy ? boredom ? stupid really . Marriage should be preserve for great love . maud Nah , we need to be happy with what we get . they sit side by side , it 's peaceful . ext . everett' woodshed - day 98 Everett be still split wood when he look over and see he dog brownie , lie on she side , look ill . he go over to she . everett brownie , get up . what 's go on ? he whistle sharply . the dog do not respond . he bend down toward the dog , suddenly worried . everett ( cont 'd ) Brown ? no movement . very labour breathe from the dog . the other dog , blackie , stand beside Everett , look on . Everett look over to where maud be . ( continued ) 98 99 100 continued : 73. 98 everett ( cont 'd ) miss. miss ! but she 's not there . everett ( cont 'd ) something 's wrong with brownie ! miss . Everett be become extremely upset . he look back at the dog . everett ( cont 'd ) do not leave I Brown . he head towards the house . int . everett' house - day 99 when he open the door to the house , he be surprised to discover maud 's chair empty . everett maud ? ext . everett' house - day 100 he look up the road . no maudie . down the road . no maudie . everett God damnit . Everett stand still , the world suddenly spin . he look around frantically . then Everett go back to the dog . the dog be dead . he 's unsure of how to deal with he emotion . everett ( cont 'd ) woman ! woman !!! then he see maud walk towards the house in the distance . his frantic panic turn to anger as he steady he breath , watch she as she hurry towards he . as she get closer : everett ( cont 'd ) where the hell where you ? maud go for a walk with Sandra . what 's wrong ? ( continued ) 100 101 continued : 74. 100 everett Brown 's dead . maud no . she hurry over and look at brownie . everett but never you mind , go off on you fancy prance around town with the priss bag . maud want I to help you bury she ? everett no. ext . everett' house - moment later 101 Everett and maud sit on the ground next to brownie 's body , just the two of they . Everett look pain , but he suck on he tooth and pull himself up off the ground . he scratch blackie on the ear . Everett get up and get the shovel . maud walk over and take the collar off of the dead dog . she look back at Everett . maud poor old girl . everett yeah yeah yeah , she have a good life . blackie 's the poor one now . she reach out for Everett 's arm , but he brushes it off . she get up , give he the space . maud I will go make sure the kettle 's on . she walk back to the house , feel uneasy . maud ( cont 'd ) I be sorry I be not here . when you need I . everett I do not need you . ( continued ) 101 102 103 75 . continued : 101 she go inside . ext . field - time passage 102 a beautiful vista of the house sit alone against a crispy morning sky as the vista be cover in a blanket of bright white snow ... ext . everett' house -- day 103 * maud be outside of she house , place she painting as a car pull up . maud be surprised to see who 's drive - it 's she brother charle . he look older , and more tired . when he see maud he force a big smile . maud Charles ? charle sister . he come over and give maud a hug . it 's polite , but awkward . maud what be you do here . charle I read about you , have to come see for myself . a artist . maud foolish . I paint when we be kid , you never call I a artist then . no different now . Charles study the house , try to be polite . maud ( cont 'd ) can I get you some tea ? charle no , thank you for ask . Charles walk around . charle ( cont 'd ) where 's you man ? maud out on he round . should be back soon , if you want to meet he . ( continued ) continued : 76 . 103 103 charle do not have a lot of time . want to come by and maybe get one of you painting . maud smile . maud pick whatever one you want . charle that 's kind of you . then ... maud Big one be five dollar . Charles be take aback . charle aunt ida say he be a miser . that you do not see a nickel of money from this painting . Charles bite he lip , change tactic . charle ( cont 'd ) what 's he do with you money , maud ? maud do not know how to answer . maud save it , I s'pose . charle why be not he building onto the house ? get the place wire ? maud do not s'pose we need it . that 's he choice to make . charle you be capable of make decision be not you ? maud you never think so . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) 77 . 103 103 charle when I read about you in the paper , I think to myself , " that girl go out and get a life for herself after all . " but here you be . still be rule by someone else . maud can not argue with this . Charles walk around , stare at the painting politely . charle ( cont 'd ) you need someone to give you advice on how to handle you money . someone a little more savvy than he . someone who can find the proper investment . maud like you ? charle I know money . maud you have to sell momma 's house to pay off you debt . so I bet you do know money . and how slippery it be . Charles bristle , then glance up the road and see Everett head towards the house on he bicycle . Everett pull up on he bike . hop off , size up Charles , but say nothing . maud ( cont 'd ) you know my brother Charles . everett yup . Charles shift uncomfortably . as he look back to the painting : everett ( cont 'd ) you gonna buy one or what ? charle maybe another time . Charles nod a polite " goodbye " to Everett , then get into he car . Everett wait for the car to pull out then , then go straight to he shed and get at he work ( continued ) 103 104 78 . continued : ( 3 ) 103 maud watch Charles ' car pull away . then , she glance back at Everett feel conflict . int . everett' house - day 104 the house be buzzing with fly . maud sit at she table , even more stoop and she hand more gnarled . she swat away the fly . cough periodically . a nag , recur tickle . Everett be peel carrot . maud we need to get a screen door put up . everett where be the money come from ? I be work fourteen hour a day just to keep you go with you hobby over there in the corner . maud I bring in money with the painting - everett you bring in a few penny but you do not do a lick of work , I get to do everything . Everett put a pot of water on the stove . he put the carrot in the pot . silence for a moment . maud sense something be wrong . he pull potato out of a bag , and start peel they . maud look at he , with he back to she . a quiet unease between they . maud go back to painting at she spot in the table . swat away the fly . she cough again . everett ( cont 'd ) think you can manage to keep that fire go ? I like to have a cup a tea when I get home . maud get hot in here in the day . everett well open the door . maud then we get more fly . the screendoor -- ( continued ) continued : 79 . 104 104 everett hut up about the screendoor . n maud see a letter on the table , and quickly hide it . but he see this , and go to grab it . everett ( cont 'd ) what be that ? maud oo h , nothing . everett give it to I . he grab it , and look at it . the envelope have the U.S. presidential seal on it . everett ( cont 'd ) who be it ? maud vice - President Nixon . everett what do he want ? maud oh nothing . painting . Everett sneer up he lip . maud catch this , and immediately downplay it . maud ( cont 'd ) but I be tell he , I do not care how fancy he be , if he send the money like every body else , I will send he a painting . she look to he , hope this pleased he . but Everett leave the house , without say a word . maud sit at she table , watch out the window as Everett head up the road . maud 's eye be fill with worry and uncertainty . after he be out of sight , she turn back to she painting . she cough again . 105 ext . everett' house - continuous 105 Everett walk away , a nervous , insecure man . he start he way up the road , then stop . ( continued ) 105 106 107 108 109 continued : 80. 105 everett God dammit . he turn back towards the shed and get he wheelbarrow - he would forget it . then he head down the road again . ext . everett' house - day - 1965 106 the road outside Everett 's house be now paint , and a post office box be place on the side of the road as well . the little house be look more shabby , with paint fade and peel a little .... ext . everett' house - field -- day 107 it be a cold , grey day outside . the wind be blow . Everett look well shaven . tidy and clean . but he be on he knee , diggin up potato . he do it with ease . but he seem aggravate . self -conscious . he shake he head and start mumble to himself . everett do not know what 's so interesting about pull potato out of the ground . we realize he 's talk to a film crew . they be set up behind he . Everett put the potato ina bucket . he pick up the bucket and walk towards the house . the camera crew scurries to follow he ... ext . everett' house - later 108 Everett walk around the front of the house , where there be a cbc van park , and several other crew member . maud be stand up talk to the two filmmaker . as the camera person reposition the camera , maud look up at Everett and smile . maud there you be . Everett wipe the dirt off he knee as he look at the crew skeptically . int . everett' house - day 109 they be interview maud . Everett sit in the background , try desperately to smile politely and naturally . maud be be interview by a young man name steven . ( continued ) 109 110 15 continued : 81. 109 maud yeah . I be work on another one of oxen , yeah . steven ( 0.s. ) you like oxen , why be that ? maud dunno . they be strong , but helpless . steven you always paint outdoor scene ? maud yeah . always . steven why be that ? maud shrug . maud he work outdoors a lot . people like picture of outdoors . no big reason I guess . maud laugh uncomfortably . she look over at Everett , see he 's also uncomfortable . she motion for he to move closer he do so , awkwardly , try to force a smile . ext . everett' house - day 110 maud and Everett now side by side , be interview outside they house , show the painting she have display for sale . maud this one be of seagull . there 's flower paint on the door , here . maud refer to Everett . maud ( cont 'd ) he think I be foolish for painting on the wall . ( look at Everett ) do not you ? he look at the camera , try to force a smile . everett it 's - it 's not you . ( more ) ( continued ) continued : 82 . 110 110 everett ( cont 'd ) the people who come around be the- the - the foolish one . maud try to cover up with a chuckle . everett ( cont 'd ) one chap come up , want to buy the bird on the door , I say lord man you can not buy we door maud smile . maud he get I to whip he up another bird on a board . everett the man want to fork over he money , I be not about to say no . maud Everett 's good at sell . we each do we thing , and it all work out pretty good . I paint most of the time , he do everything else . maud smile at Everett . he be very uncomfortable , but struggle to keep it hide . steven ( 0.s. ) Everett you must feel very lucky to have maud as you wife . the camera go in closer on Everett 's face , revealing he nervousness , he insecurity . he swallow , then clear this throat , try to find something clever to say .... the pressure be mount . everett . yes . Steve wait for he to say something else . maud we be lucky to have each other . his stiff smile twitches in the uncomfortable moment . 111 int . sandra's summer home - night 111 Sandra and a few friend mingle with drink , as Sandra shush everyone , while stand in front of the tv . ( continued ) 114 112 113 114 continued : 83. sandra here she be , look . woman she 's a sweet talented lady . why do she stay with that man ? Sandra watch with delight , as she friend gather around . int . aunt ida' house - night ida be propped up on the couch , look sickly and exhaust , but awake enough to watch maud and Everett on tv . tv show host ( 0.s . ) - her painting have even be sell to vice - President Nixon . this happy couple who only live with the bare necessity of life , and yet somehow they flourish ... ida stare at the image on the television : maud and Everett , walk around they yard , talk . on ida' face , fill with regret and sadness . int . jazz club - night maud 's brother Charles , wear out and tired , be sit ona bar stool , drink a scotch , as a band set up in the background . he be watch maud on the little tv play behind the bar , a sad look on he face . tv show host ( 0.s . ) who would have think that this little arthritic woman , live on the fringe of society , would have such incredible and far-reach success . you can find maud Lewis still sell she painting from the front step of she little house in marshalltown , nova scotia ... ext . everett' house - day Everett be across the road from he house , get the mail out of he mail box . a stack of envelope . he stand there , rip open the letter , take the money from they and shove they in he shirt pocket , then rip the letter up into bit . then , he hop on he bike and ride away ... 1414 112 113 114 * 115 116 117 84 . ext . general store - day Everett be riding he bike as he pull up to the store , look more slouched and self - conscious than ever . a few people trickle out of the store , stare at he with more interest . he keep he eye to the ground , ignore the stare . he mutter to himself . but then Everett notice ida , who be in a wheelchair , be help into a car . she look deathly ill , but when she see Everett , she prop herself up anyway , just to glare at he . ida I see you on the news . you luck into it with she , do not you ? she 's all smile , and you nothing but grumble . everett pftff . he start to ride off , but she call out . ida wait . I want you to tell she to come see I . please . he ride down the road . ext . everett' house - day as Everett pull up to he house , he see a lineup of car outside he home . crowd of people admire the house , and maud 's painting . he push through the people . everett watch it . move. move . he bumble through they , flustered , and head into the house . int . everett' house - day maud be sit at the table , across from Everett . maud how sick be she ? everett never mind how sick she be . I ask if I come across nasty on the tv . ( continued ) 115 116 117 * ee ek * * continued : 85 . 117 117 maud no Everett . everett well why be everyone give I queer look . I be start to feel like I can not show my face without people talk . maud never mind what anyone be say . everett easy for you to say . everyone think you be sweet and so good at you painting , they do not know what you be like to live with . maud get up from the table , ignore he jibe . maud I get to go see aunt ida . maud grab she jacket . everett what for ? maud because what if she die and I never go to say goodbye . she hurry to the door . everett what if I die and you be not here ? you be always go off here , go off there . start to get feed up . maud be about to walk out the door . everett ( cont 'd ) I say no . you can not go . she turn back to Everett . maud I have to . she grab a little painting and hurry out the door . Everett stare out the window , watch as she walk away . his breathe heavy . fuming . he pace the tiny floor space . ( continued ) 117 118 119 120 86 . continued : ( 2 ) then brushes he hand across maud 's table , fill with she paint supplies , scatter everything across the floor he go back to the window and watch she again as she 's walk off in the distance . ext . marshalltown road - continuous maud be walk out the long , empty paved road , a little painting tuck under she arm . a tiny speck in a vast empty space . nothing between she and they little house , behind she in the distance . she hurry , as fast as she little crooked leg can move . int . aunt ida' house - day maud walk into the front hallway . the nurse see maud and smile . nurse she 's awake in she room , go on up . maud go in . int . ida 's house - bedroom -- continuous maud walk into ida 's room , clutching she painting . ida look up , be clearly ill . she see maud and smile feebly . maud hand she a painting . maud ( cont 'd ) I like painting flower . here . ida thank you . ida take the painting , and look at it . maud you do not need to stay mad at I forever . ida be about to fight back , but then resign from it . ida I watch you on the tv and it dawn on I . you be the only one in we family who end up happy . I think it be impossible for you to have a good life . maud sit on the side of ida 's bed . ( continued ) 117 118 119 120 continued : 87 . 120 120 ida ( cont 'd ) I do not want to die full of regret . maud you be not gonna die -- maud take ida 's hand . ida I regret not let you see she , at least . you baby . maud you do it to protect I . she be dead and deform , it would have be too much -- ida hoist herself up a bit . ida maudie . she be not deform . this be startling to maud . maud what do you mean ? why would she die ? ida look at she for a moment . then ... ida she do not . maud what ? ida Charles sell she . maud stumble backwards . maud he sell she . for money . finally ... ida he sell she to a good home . older people . the man be a minister . maud stare off , in complete shock .. ( continued ) 120 124 122 continued : ( 2 ) 88. 120 ida ( cont 'd ) we do not think you would be able to take care of a child . maud recoil . she stand up , not sure what to do next . ida ( cont 'd ) Charles and I decide -- ida reach out to maud 's arm . ida ( cont 'd ) I be tell she 's be well love . maud pace a little , try to process this . maud and be she normal ? be she a normal baby , or be she crooked , or what ? ida she be fine . maud gather herself . maud have you soup , ida . I gotta go . she leave the painting on the bed . ida I be sorry . maud ... maud hurry out of the room . int . everett' house - day 121 Everett be now take all of maud 's painting supplies and throw they into a wooden crate . sardine can , paint brushes , can of paint , old board , all aggressively be chuck into the box . he knock over the table , dish . ext . digby STREET - day 122 maud have leave ida 's house , and she wander up the road , lose in she confusion . look around , at people 's face , at house . who could she be ? where be she ? it begin to rain . maud hug she coat tightly into she and hurry down the road . 123 89 . int . everett' house - day 123 when maud come home , she be still in a daze . she hardly notice Everett , who be sit in she chair , with a scowl on he face . everett I be sick of you . maud ev , do not , not now . everett I never ask for this . go out in the morning , people , come home for lunch , people , back at the end of the day , more people . do not like them before , do not like they now . I never want my face on the tv for the whole world to laugh at . maud Everett . ida tell I - everett if I be not good enough for you , you want to find something better then what I can give you , go . go find it . but maud be desperate to talk to he - she husband . she persist . maud listen to I Everett . all this year , I have figure I be half a woman cuz I give birth to some little gnarled up creature that could not live . it be not even true . she bite she lip . maud ( cont 'd ) the baby live . my brother - he sell she . Everett stare at she for a moment , then suddenly he pound he fist down on the table . everett give up talk about that God damned baby . the brother , the baby . Christ . ( more ) ( continued ) 123 124 125 continued : everett ( cont 'd ) nothing but a pain from the minute you step into my life . you want to go find you bastard baby , go . you want to whine to you invisible brother , go . leave I alone . maud my brother be as good as dead to I -- everett and you be dead to I . I like my life simple , you bring nothing but misery . I be better without you . he start to shove she out the door . she brace herself . maud wait - what be you do . everett get the hell out of my house , this be my house , I do not want you here . she grab hold of the sleeve of he checker jacket . maud Everett stop . everett you be half a woman , not even that . get out , and do not come back . he pick she up and hoist she out the door , and slam it behind she . Everett lean on the door , as maudie knock on it . he be full of pain and sadness , as he close he eye and grit he tooth . ext . everett' house - day maud knock on door repeatedly , as the rain pelt down on 90 . 123 124 she . after a few moment , maud kick the door , and turn to leave . ext . country road - day maud walk down the road in the rain , alone and confuse . she 's cough , and exhaust . 125 126 127 91 . ext . sandra's summer home - day 126 maud approach the step of Sandra 's cottage . tear stream down she face , and she wipe they away with she little hand . she be soaking and freeze . she knock . moment later , Sandra come out on the step . sandra maud . what 's wrong ? maud hurriedly wipe she face dry , and put on a brave face . maud oh. she look up at Sandra and smile . maud ( cont 'd ) I think I would pop in for a visit . Sandra look at she - a little shocked . maud ( cont 'd ) but it 's probably not a good time , I will go . sandra no. come . otherwise I will be get drunk by myself in here , so come in . let 's get you warm up . int . sandra's summer home - bathroom - night 127 maud be immerse in the bathtub . only she eye and nose be above the water , the rest be completely envelop by bubbles . she nervously look around the brightly light , cheerily decorate bathroom as Sandra talk from outside the room . maud do not know what to think of it . sandra ( 0.s. ) be the water warm enough ? maud too warm , I would say . I love it , but you should not be waste all this hot water . be a different story if you boil it . even then . do not get I wrong , I love it . my mother use to have long bath . but I coulda just use a wash cloth . ( continued ) 127 128 continued : 92. 127 sandra ( 0.s. ) you be not in there to get clean , you be in there to relax . maud giggle , and continue she nervous chatter . maud can not see I relaxin' . but everything look so perfect . almost too perfect . it 's lovely , really , but I be half afraid I will break something . sandra ( 0.s. ) do you like shrimp sandwich ? maud I do not need to be that fancy . not that I do not love they , but bread and butter 's just as good . you want I to get out now ? sandra ( 0.s. ) stay as long as you like . maud sink back down in the water , she eye still gaze around the room curiously . int . sandra's summer home - the next day 128* maud be now walk around the immaculate , cozy country home , wear Sandra 's mauve coloured housecoat , she head wrap in a towel . the housecoat drag on the floor , and maud look ridiculously out of place . she look out the window at the cloud in the sky . Sandra be drink a glass of wine , sit on the sofa . maud when I be young , I and my brother would gawk at the cloud . he have see monster and dungeon . or gun . I have see heart and puppy dog . he have get mad at I for turnin’ he nightmare into something simple . it 's not that I could not see monster . but if it 's a game , and if the rule be we get to choose to see what we want , why make it dark and dreary ? Sandra smile , charme by maud 's simple wisdom . ( continued ) continued : 93 . 128 128 sandra ( cont ’d ) come to New York with I . maud Nah . would not like it . sandra you could have a actual career maud . as a artist . I could help you . maud smile awkwardly . maud that 's a word Everett would have no time for . career . sound too fancy . 129 int . everett' house - day 129 Everett be sit down to a meal by himself . Lonely in he little house . he stare around the room , see maud 's painting all over the wall . very lonely . he get up and storm out of the house . 130 int . sandra's summer home - day 130 maud be now dress . stare off into space . Sandra see that maudie be bother . sandra when I be mad at someone , I find it helpful to let it out . maud say nothing . sandra ( cont 'd ) it feel good . watch . Sandra pour herself another glass of wine , take a gulp and then ... sandra ( cont 'd ) ahhhhhhhhh ! maud be startle by this aggression . Sandra compose herself . sandra ( cont 'd ) you turn . maud no thanks . ( continued ) continued : 93a . 130 Sandra take another swig of wine . 130 ( continued ) 130 131 131a 132 continued : ( 2 ) 94 . 130 sandra my husband Jacob be a arrogant pompous know - it - all , he voice be like nail on a chalkboard , I be sick of he foot , I be sick of he breath , I be sick of he stttt-uuupid face . she look at maud , relieved . sandra ( cont 'd ) ahhhh . now you turn . maud chuckle . sandra ( cont 'd ) go ahead . I know you be mad at he . maud Nah . not like that . Sandra hold up the bottle of wine . sandra then you need more wine . maud pause for a moment , then hold out she glass . omitted 131 * ext . everett' house - day 131a * Everett be cut the weed around he house , aggitate . * impatient . * ext . sandra's summer home - front porch -- evening 132 * Sandra and maud now sit on the swing on the front porch , they foot kick up . maud be now piss eye drunk . so be Sandra . maud um ... he 's a complainer - sandra let it out . come on . he 's a bastard . maud he 's cranky . he 's mean . but he 's sweet in he own way - sandra you be do it again . ( continued ) 132 133 134 continued : 95 . 132 maud he get mad if I do not , if I paint all day he 's mad , if I do not paint all day he 's mad , no pleasin 's im . but I miss he . sandra maud you be not play right . she hiccup . maud I gotta go to bed , I feel like I might heave up . Sandra watch she go , then pour herself another glass of wine . she stare up at the sky . int . everett' house , upstair loft - night 133 Everett lie on he side of the bed , stare at maud 's side . ext . wharf - morning 134 Everett be down on the wharf with Frank , gut fish . Frank notice Everett seem different . frank something up , pal ? everett she leave I . frank oh well . about time . Frank smile , teasingly . everett stop . stop you wise crack . Everett slit open another fish , and haul the gut out , then flick he hand into the bucket . everett ( cont 'd ) if someone have a baby and they give up to another family , around here , how would I go about find out who it be give up to ? Frank process this for a second . ( continued ) 134 135 continued : 96 . 134 frank how in the hell would I know ? Everett start to walk away , frustrated . Frank feel for he . he call after he . frank ( cont 'd ) Everett . you grow up in the poor house , you still do work for they sometimes do not ya ? everett Mr. Hill die fifteen year ago . frank well , Mr. higgins be there , he would help you . there 's still record there , or paper work or something . everett you think they would know ? frank it 's the orphanage . if someone give up a baby around here , they would know what happen to it . Everett nod . ext . sandra's summer home - morning 135 there be a knock on the door . Sandra answer it . it 's everett . everett look for my woman . sandra maud ? maud stand up , secretly delighted to see he . she go to the door . everett get you thing and come on . maud why should I , when you talk to I like that ? maud stand firmly , play tough . he grab she by the arm and start to haul she out the door . ( continued ) continued : 97 . 135 135 maud ( cont 'd ) ( cont 'd ) stop it ! Sandra intervene . sandra hey !!! let she go !!! everett you be come home !!! maud leave I alone Everett ! maud be furious , Everett be take aback . embarrass , he march out the door and down over the step . maud , still spittin’ mad , follow he out on the step . maud ( cont 'd ) do not know why you can not be nice for once in you miserable old life . he stop and turn to she , then finally let he guard down . everett for cry out loud , woman . maud look at he , wind and frustrated , but concede . 136 ext . sandra 's summer home - back yard - day 136 maud and Everett both awkwardly sit on the hammock . everett you have never last here . you have have to walk seven mile to the store . maud well I be not one of you old dog . everett no cuz at least they know how to listen . they do what they be tell . maud I be better than a dog . everett maybe . bigger pain in the ass too . silence . ( continued ) 136 continued : 98 . 136 maud I be more than that . I want you to say it . Everett lie back in the hammock , stare at the sky . the change shape of the hammock unsteady maud and she fall back on he . she start to get up , but he put he arm around she , keep she by he side . everett ( whisper ) you be more than that . he hold she there for a moment . he take a deep breath . calm himself . they stare up at the cloud . maud light up a cigarette . maud that cloud look like a rabbit . Everett shrug . maud decide to quiz he . maud ( cont 'd ) ( cont 'd ) what do you see ? Everett stare at the sky for a moment longer . everett Cloud . maud you can see more than that . try. Everett look at she skeptically , then back up at the sky . everett I see a woman . with a big arse . a few tooth missin’ . maud laugh . despite herself . everett ( cont ’d ) ( cont 'd ) bald on the one side of she head . she laugh harder . everett ( cont ’d ) ( cont 'd ) she 's in she old man 's drawer . maud playfully shove he as she laugh even harder . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) 99 . 136 136 everett ( cont ’d ) ( cont 'd ) foolish be you . that 's you job maudie . I see what 's there , you see what could be there . maud kinda how you see I as something to own . I see I as you wife . Everett unfold he arm . everett I see you as my wife , miss . always do . do not want you to leave I . maud why would I leave you ? everett you could find better than I . maud I get everything I want with you ev. everything . 137 ext . sandra 's summer home - day 137 Everett be put maud 's thing into he truck as she say goodbye to Sandra . sandra now I have no excuse not to go back home to my boring husband . maud go on . maud smile at Sandra . maud ( cont 'd ) you be my only friend . you know that ? since momma die . maud smile at Sandra . maud head to towards the truck , and Everett help she to get in . Sandra watch , thoughtfully as maud and Everett drive down the road . 138 int . everett' truck - day 138 as Everett and maud drive down the road , he turn onto a road that she do not recognize . ( continued ) continued : 100 . 138 138 maud why we go up here ? he say nothing . maud ( cont 'd ) where we go ev? tight-lipped , he keep drive . eventually , he pull off onto the side of the road . the Street be line with nice , modest little bungalow . he stare ahead , she look at he , a little confuse . maud ( cont 'd ) what be we do here , ev? he take a breath , and exhales . everett her house be there . the white one . maud who ? everett her . you girl . maud look on , in disbelief . she see the house where he be point . maud she life in there ? my baby ? everett she 's a woman now . maud nervously open the door 139 ext . STREET - neighboring community - day 139 as maud walk up the street , she see kay ( late 20' ) , a slight , attractive young woman , out do gardening , wear a bright pink sun hat . a young man come out . paul hungry ? kay a little . I think I will make something with the raspberry for dessert . ( continued ) 101 . 139 continued : 139 maud watch with overwhelming delight as Kay smile at she husband . maud study she hand . her foot . her face . she be beautiful and perfect . maud can hardly take she eye off she . she decide to walk past they . maud hobble along the side of the road , get closer to the couple paul ( 0.s. ) I be go to wash up for dinner . kay ( 0.s. ) okay , I will be in shortly . maud observe they , without look up . but she study the young woman out of the corner of she eye . 140 int . everett' truck - day 140 Everett sit in the truck , he eye close . work even harder to steady he breath . 141 ext . STREET - neighboring community - day 141 maud slow down as she be in front of the house , she bend down and pick a pebble out of she boot . maud watch Kay through the fence , now almost be eye to eye . the raspberry BUSH be between they . at this exact moment , Kay eye one of the berry , as maud eye the other together they both take a raspberry off the bush and eat it , savour the taste . Kay be so preoccupy with the berry , she do not even notice maud . maud smile watch she , then 's stand up and continue on past the house , without look back . as she walk towards Everett , she smile . sitting in the truck , he beam a smile back at she . 142 143 144 102 . int . everett' house - loft - night 142 Everett and maud lie in bed , only light by moonlight . he can not sleep . neither can she . maud I could not believe it be she . but I know it be she . ext . everett' house - day -- 1969 143 the wide , open landscape surround Everett 's house , as Everett , older , more stoop , carry wood into he house . the paint on the house have fade with time ... int . everett' house - day 144 Everett walk into the house and dump the wood by the stove , as the doctor continue do a check up on maud . maud I be more concerned with the state of my arthritis then my lung . it 's get harder and harder to hold a paintbrush . ev think I should strap the brush onto my hand . he 's hold the stethoscope to she back . doctor breathe . she do . it 's labor . doctor ( cont 'd ) you have not give up smoking yet have you ? maud I give it up sometimes . she smile . doctor you have emphysema maud . you can not smoke . everett she will not be smoking again , I tell you that . ( continued ) continued : 103 . 144 144 doctor and air this place out a bit Everett . the air 's too thick . Everett walk the doctor to the door 145 ext . everett' house - day 145 fewer painting outside . maud come out of the house , gather she unsold painting for the night and take they inside . her breathe be a little labour . she seem tired . 146 int . everett' house - night 146 everett ( 0.s. ) you come to bed , maudie ? maud try to go upstairs , but she can not hoist herself up . she go over to Everett 's chair and sit down . maud I will be up in a minute . 147 int . everett' house - morning 147 maud wake up to Everett hover over she on the chair . everett what 's wrong with you ? maud wake up for a moment , she be not feel so good . maud guess I fall asleep . everett I have have enough of this ! falling asleep , up all night cough , loung around the house , you do not paint anymore you do nothing . now smarten up and get lively ! she try to smile . maud I will get up in a minute . come sit by I ev. Everett can not hide he concern as he sit next to she on the floor . ( continued ) 147 148 continued : 104 . 147 maud ( cont 'd ) you should get more dog . less lonely with dog . everett do not need dog , I get you . maud still . be nice if you have more dog . ext . everett' house - day 148 maud sit in a chair outside as Everett display she painting - there be less than before . maud be get to be too tired and ill to paint as much as she use to . but there be still some painting , and some visitor , admire they . maud do not really engage in conversation , but then she look up and see kay and paul approach she house . she watch carefully as Kay weave through the crowd , admire maud 's painting . after a few moment , maud hurriedly go into the house . then , she come out , hold the painting of the girl in the pink dress . maud look around for Kay , unable to find she at first . but then she see she and approach she with the painting . maud bit chilly today . Kay look up and smile brightly at maud . kay oh , hello . you painting be so cheerful and optimistic . Kay smile at the work . kay ( cont 'd ) I like that you ignore the shadow . maud smile , unable to think of what to say . finally she hold out the painting . maud you might like this one . Kay study it for a long time . maud watch Kay proudly . Kay seem almost speechless . her face be serious . ( continued ) 148 149 continued : 105 . 148 kay I need this painting . I love it . maud smile . maud have it . kay how much do I owe you ? maud shake she head . maud you do not owe I for that , take it . kay no no , you can not give it away . how much ? maud see Everett walk towards she . she speak quietly . maud I think that little girl be you . please take it . she smile at Kay . Kay smile back , somehow understanding . she take the painting and walk away . maud discreetly try to keep she eye on Kay as she climb into the car . she watch , fixate , as the car pull off the side of the road and drive off into the distance . Everett stand by she for a moment . int . everett' house - night 149 maud sit at she table painting , she work only half finish . she work quietly . then without warning , she suddenly burst into tear . she let herself cry , and after a moment she flop over on the table , onto she painting . she cry and cry . then she get up . the paint from she picture now on the side of she face and she shirt . she look at she ruin painting , wipe away she tear and start to fix it . Everett be up in bed , maud still sit at she table , stare out the window into the black , quiet night . she wipe the paint off of she face and she shirt with a old wet rag . then maud hoist herself out of the chair and head towards the ladder . ( continued ) 149 150 151 152 106 . continued : 149 her foot slip on a rung , and maud tumble over and fall to the ground . everett ( 0.s. ) what 's go on down there ? Everett poke he head down to see what have happen , and see maud laid out on the floor . int . everett' house - day 150 Frank and Everett carry in a little day bed , as maud sit feebly , at she table . frank back you end in there , ev. maud that 's lovely . Lovely . everett watch out . Everett lay he end down , and they squeeze the day bed in the corner . int . everett' house - evening 151 maud now lay back on a day bed that have be squeeze into the small home . her thing have be rearrange downstairs . she paint a painting from she bed . she 's slower now . still thoughtful , but there be less joy in it . Everett bring she a cup of tea . maud some housemaid I become . everett the only one apply for the job . Everett give she a slight smile . int . everett' house - night 152 Everett come downstairs and stoke the fire . maud be asleep on the couch , she breathe be sounding increasingly labour . everett maudie ? you alright ? ( continued ) 107 . 452 continued : Everett go over to see she , and realize she be not very 152 responsive . everett ( cont 'd ) maud . she try to open she eye and speak maud ev. 153 ext . everett' house - moment later 153 Everett have maud bundle up in a blanket and carry she to the truck . he lay she in the passenger seat , then get in the truck . they speed away down the road . 154 int . truck - moment later 154 they drive down the road , maud try to speak but can not . Everett be in a panic . everett shut up miss . do not go tryin' to speak till the Doctor 's see you . 155 int . hospital - night 155 as they wheel maudie away , Everett be frantic . he run up to the nurse with money in he hand . everett here , look , ten dollar , just make sure she 's alright . nurse Sir , we do not need you money - everett take it take it . just go look after she . 156 int . hospital - day 156 maud be hook up to tube in the hospital bed , Everett be by she side . she be more alert now . she reach out to touch Everett , but he 's too far away . he move in closer . everett I know you be get sicker , every time I would ask you , you would lie to I . ( continued ) 156 108 . continued : 156 he sit on the edge of she bed . she slowly , feebly trace the outline of the rise on he arm . he gently stroke she face . everett ( cont ’d ) ( cont 'd ) you get beautiful eye maud Lewis . maud smile feebly , flatter . he point to she chest . everett ( cont 'd ) ( cont 'd ) so much beauty in there , it 's spillin’ out you two peeper . sometimes I look at they eye , I think the sun be shine in my face . maud go on . everett it 's true . I look at you face and I can not believe I ever think you be not perfect . she reach over with she gnarled up hand , and struggle to outstretch she finger . she wrap they around he hand . maud I wish ... I wish I be better at look after you , everyone always have to be look after I . everett shut up . you look after I . you look after I . he point to he heart , as he fight back tear . everett ( cont ’d ) ( cont 'd ) you look after I miss . now gimme five more year . she '' shhhh 's '' he . she pull he in closer to she face . maud I know you love I ev. maud ( cont 'd ) we do not have the thing people think you need in order to be lovable . but yet we have love . ( continued ) 156 157 158 159 continued : ( 2 ) 109 . maud be fade . 156 maud ( cont 'd ) who woulda think two odd sock would make such a perfect pair he look at she pleadingly , but she close she eye and fade away ... ext . hospital - day 157 Everett be try to start he truck . it will not start . he punch the steering wheel . everett God damn stupid truck . he get out of the truck and lift up the hood . he fiddle around with it , try to fix it . swallow all he emotion . he get back in the truck , try again . this time , it start . he pull out . int . everett' house - day 158 Everett be home by himself . the brightly paint , jam - pack little house feel empty . Everett sit in maud 's chair and paint a little '' maud-like '' painting on a card . he paint dog . nowhere near she detail or charm . he stop and stare at she painting on the wall . the little chicken . so cheerful . so happy . he reach out and touch the bird . then turn back to the painting . he scrape the paintbrush on a old sardine tin , thick with maud 's paint . then he sign the card " Everett Lewis " . he stare at it long and hard , he eye fill with tear . have a second think , he paint over the name . he look out the window . no car . no visitor . nothing . he look back to the painting , and once again paint she name on the board . then he throws the paintbrush across the room . ext . everett' house - day 159 Everett sit outside he house , with painting propped up against the house , to sell . his poor knock -off , which lack maud 's care or detail . he stare off into space as a couple of straggler walk around look at the art work , the fade painting on the wall . ( continued ) 159 160 110 . continued : 159 then suddenly sandra pull up . she get out of she car . she stare at Everett . he look sad , and incomplete . she stand at a distance for a moment . then finally walk towards he . then she sit down next to Everett . sandra I miss the funeral . he do not look at she . she do not look at he . they just sit in silence together . int . everett' house - later 160 Everett walk into the house . everywhere he look , everywhere he rest he eye , there be the hand of maud . he sit down on the day bed . he kick off he boot and pull off a sock . he stare at he foot , one sock on , one sock off . he run he hand along the empty space of maud 's bed , before clutching she pillow . then , he look out the window , and look up at the cloud . suddenly , he 's able to see the cloud take shape : a cheerful puppy dog , surround by white puffy flower . as we fade out ... Everett Lewis die in 1979 , nine year after maud , in they little 13x13 home . this little house can be find at a permanent exhibit at the nova scotia Art Gallery in halifax , nova scotia ... the end