even cowgirl get the blue written by Gus Van sant base on a novel by Tom robbin shoot draft 1993 int . cave night there be a huge ancient hourglass make of animal skin , and acorn plop through the waist of the hourglass one by one . it sit in a pool of water . in the water swim eyeless catfish in geometric pattern . a underground stream feed the pool of water and then flow into a huge underground crevasse that on occasion emit a low rumble . indian with torch surround the hourglass , which now we can see be in a cave . and as soon as the acorn have finish pass through the hourglass , a crew of Indians turn it on its opposite end . one of the Indians appear to be japanese . one indian stand at the wall of the cavern in front of a series of symbolic carving and scratch , with stone in hand he make a few hatchmark , and keep a eye on the crevasse . the crevasse rumble once more , loosen a few chunks of rock from the cave . the earth begin to shake . the chart keeper she be restless tonight . another indian she dream of loving . still another she have the blue . View of the chartkeeper 's drawing . one be of a crane with a very long neck . another be a primitive draw of a naked girl , who have long flow hair . she also have , point out from she side , thumb that be three time normal human proportion . a musical chorus sound at the sight of this draw of a girl with the thumb . the chartkeeper put the finish touch on the draw . and the song " happy birthday to you " strike up on country and western guitar and polka-like accordion . title big thumb int . richmond virginia suburban home day we see candle burn on a cake . it be somebody 's birthday . and there be six candle on the cake . sissy hankshaw be six year old . her daddy and a visit uncle , finish they rendition of happy birthday , be stare down at sissy and look at she young thumb , which be unusually large and twitch with a mind of they own . she manage to blow out all six candle . uncle well , you be lucky that you do not suck them . daddy sissy could not suck them , she would need a mouth like a fish tank . sissy be negotiate a fork full of birthday cake , drop it because of she thumb . uncle ( agree ) the poor little tyke might have a hard time find herself a hubby . but as far as get along in the world , it 's a real bless that sissy 's a girl - child . Lord , I reckon this youngun would never make a mechanic . daddy nope , and not a brain surgeon , neither . uncle course she would do pretty good as a butcher . she could retire in two year on the overcharge alone . laugh , the man walk to the kitchen to fill they glass . sissy be leave to feel sorry for herself in front of she cake . uncle ( o.s. ) one thing , that youngun would make one hell of a hitchhiker ... this startles sissy . a new word that tinkle in she head with a supernatural echo . sissy look at she thumb . uncle ( o.s. ) ... if she be a boy , I mean . int . doctor' office day Dr. dreyfus look over sissy 's thumb . dr . dreyfus she be , if I may speak frankly , somewhat of a medical oddity . due to impair dexterity , she life activity and career potentiality will be reduce . it could be worse . bring she back to I if there ever be pain . meanwhile , she will have to learn to live with they . mrs . hankshaw that she will . that she will . the Lord make they thing big for a purpose . God do not never git tired of testing we kind . it 's a punishment of some sort , for what I do not rightly know . ( whimper ) oh Doc , if a young man ever show up here with , a young man with ugly finger , you know , something similar , a similar case , Doc , would you please ... dr . dreyfus remember the word of the painter Paul gauguin , dear lady . " the ugly may be beautiful , the pretty never . " I do not suppose that mean very much to you . mrs . hankshaw it 's a judgement . she 's gotta bear the punishment . sissy beam serenely like a Christ figure . int . school library day sissy look up " thumb " in the dictionary . it say : the short , thick first or most preaxial digit of the human hand , differ from the other finger by have two phalange and great freedom of movement . sissy mouth the word : " Greater freedom of movement . " ext . road day sissy very timidly venture a pass with she gigantic right thumb in the direction she be walk . she be pass by ...... but no ! brake light ! a pontiac skid ever so slightly on the snowflake . View of the pontiac insignia on the hood of the car . sissy run , actually sweat , to its side . she peer in . outside a palmist 's trailer be a sign with a red silhouette of a hand . directly under the wrist where the watch band would be be write madame zoe . madam Zoe in kimono and wig let sissy and she mother in the door . madame zoe I be the enlighten Madame Zoe . Inside . Madame Zoe begin stubbing a cigarette in one of that enlighten little ceramic ashtray that be shape like bedpan and inscribe butt . the trailer be cluttere , but not one knick - knack , chintz curtain or chenille - cover armchair seem to have come from the Beyond . madame zoe there be nothing about you past , present or future that you hand do not know , and there be nothing about you hand that Madame Zoe do not know . there be no hocus-pocus involved . I be a scientist , not a magician . I , Madame Zoe , chiromancer , lifelong student of the molding and marking of the human hand . I , Madame Zoe , to whom no facet of you character or destiny be not readily reveal . I be prepare to ... then she notice the thumb . madame zoe Jesus fuck Christ ! Mrs. hankshaw and the fortune - teller turn pale and uncertain , while sissy recognize with a faint smile that she be in command . sissy extend the thumb as a ail aborigine might extend he swollen part to a medical missionary . sissy 's mama draw a neatly fold five - dollar bill from she change purse and extend it alongside she smile daughter 's extremity . Madame Zoe return to she sense , and take sissy by the elbow to sit at a for mica- top table of undistinguished design . madam Zoe hold sissy 's hand while she appear to go into a trance . she open she eye momentarily . madame zoe you have a strong will . will power and determination be indicate by the first phalanx . the second phalanx indicate reason and logic . you obviously have both in large supply . what 's you name , dearie ? sissy sissy . madame zoe hmmm . I would say that you have a intelligent , kindly , somewhat artistic nature . however , sissy , however , there be a heavy quality to the second phalanx - the phalanx of logic -- that indicate a capacity for foolish or clownish behavior , a refusal to accept responsibility or to take thing seriously and bent to be disrespectful of that who do . you mama tell I that you be pretty well behave and shy , but I would watch out for sign of irrationality . all right ? she pull she thumb to she breast . madame zoe I guess the most important aspect of you thumb be the , ahem , over all size . uh , what be it , do you know , that cause ...? Mom speak out from the couch she be sit on mrs hankshaw do not know ; the doctor do not know ... sissy just lucky I guess . madame zoe do you study history in school ? Galileo , descartes , Newton ? lebinitz have very large thumb ; voltaire 's be enormous , but , heh heh , just pickle compare with yours . sissy what about crazy horse ? madame zoe crazy horse ? you mean the indian ? nobody that I have ever hear of ever troubled to study the paw of savage . well , I guess that about cover the three - fifty charge ... Madame Zoe let go of sissy 's thumb and wipe she hand on she kimono . mrs . hankshaw husband . Mrs. hankshaw withdraw a bill from she rat-skin bag . madame zoe beg you pardon ? mrs . hankshaw husband . will she find a husband ? madame zoe oh , I see . Madame Zoe take sissy 's hand and give it the old tall - dark - stranger squint . madame zoe I see man in you life , honey . I also see woman , lot of woman . she raise she eye to meet sissy 's look for a admission of the " tendency " , but there be no signal . Mrs. hankshaw do not approve . madame zoe a husband , no doubt about it , though he be year away . there be child , too . five , maybe six , but the husband be not the father . they will inherit you characteristic . Mrs. hankshaw , aghast , have hear plenty , and she usher she daughter out of the trailer as if she be lead she from a burn cocktail lounge . title across the screen : cowgirl interlude ( delore del Ruby ) ext . badland day view of vast vista of arid grassland , open and unmodulated , thirsty and expose . at the western edge of the dakotas , the monotony of the landscape , now gradually tilting toward the Rockies , be interrupt by the badland -- sculpture canyon so deep and chaotic they can break a devil 's heart . between the grassland and the eerie badland ruin , there lie a narrow band of humpy hill , green and pastoral . the hill be carpete with midlength prairie grass . the rubber Rose building be cluster at the badland end at the base of a butte , higher , broad and longer than any in its vicinity , know as siwash Ridge . a sign over the entry of the ranch read : welcome to the rubber Rose ranch ( the large all - girl ranch in the west ) delore del Ruby arrive at the rubber Rose ranch , carry a whip at she side and bat a educate lash at the surround sight . delore I have travel through the Yucatan with a circus , pop false eyelash off a train monkey with a bullwhip . when I eat peyote one night and have a vision . niwetükame , the mother goddess , come to I on the back of a doe , hummingbird sip the tear she be shed , cry ' delore , you must lead my daughter against they natural enemy . you must come to the rubber Rose ranch and prepare for you mission , the detail of which will be reveal to you in a third vision ....' that night I whipped the shit out of my black lover and run away . for a while I drive around , make a live sell peyote button to hippie , until I make my way here ... a snake cross the road in front of she , and she take she whip and whirl it around she head . the snake that be crawl across the dusty road that lead to the ranch be carry a card under its fork tongue . delore snap she whip at the snake and pick the card out of he mouth and let it fly in the air . delore catch it ..... the card be the Queen of spade . ext . road day sissy be thirty year old now wear a trademark color jumpsuit . she be say this word still : " Greater freedom of movement . " sissy stick out she thumb , even though there be no traffic . a plane be fly overhead . sissy hitches it ; and the plane 's flight path curve with in response to she gesture . a squirrel run by stop to look . the bus on the other side of the road skid to a stop and two car come she way stop as well . int . car day the man drive look over the back seat to the hitchiker behind he . int . bus day the bus driver do the same . ext . road from the look of she sissy be a very seasoned hitchhiker , and she turn around relatively unimpress with the fact that a car have stop for she . sissy's view . the man drive be black -skin , beret - top and he have four smile gold tooth and six shiny brass saxaphone in the back seat . he wear a gardenia in he lapel and toke on a short joint . sissy go north ? man you bet you raggedy white ass I be . sissy get in . he turn up the volume of he radio and rocket north . int . lincoln continental day sissy venture into she pocket and pull out a slice of cheese and offer it to he . he now get a better look at she unusual thumb . they be elegant , but large bone , and disproportionate . they be banana shape boat that make it a little awkward to hold onto the cheese . man ( take a alarming interest in she thumb ) thanks . sissy american cheese . the king of road food . he eat the cheese , and worry about the thumb . he toke on the joint between he finger . man be you in show business ? sissy I be a successful model once . man for magazine ? sissy I be the yoni yum feminine - hygiene Dew girl from 1965 to 1970 , but get laid off . man so now you be bummin ' around ? sissy yep . man hitchhike ? sissy I be the best . man you be the best ? sissy when I be young , I hitchhike one hundred and twenty - seven hour without stop , without food or sleep , cross the continent twice in six day , cool my thumb in both ocean and catch ride after midnight on unlight highway . man whooee ! sissy as I develop , however , I grow more concerned with subtlety and nuance of style . time in term of m.p.h. no longer interested I . I begin to hitchhike in something akin to geological time : slow , ancient , vast . when I be really move , stop car after car after car , move so freely , so clearly , so delicately that even the sex maniac and the cop can only blink and let I pass , then I embody the rhythm of the universe . I be in a state of grace . the man listen to she take another toke on he joint . ext . road day a view down the road of the lincoln Continental go swiftly in its direction . credit interlude feature the song " even cowgirl get the blue " as sung by ( a undetermine country or pop star like k.d. lang or Bob Dylan ) in a old television kine-scope piece of film like you might see on early 1950 's television set . between sissy watch this image on old motel television , there be also image of road , car , truck , highway , thumb , gas station and desert glide by in a flow of natural hitchhike beauty . ext . post office day sissy get out of a large eighteen wheel truck and walk into a United States Post Office . int . post office day sissy at the window pick up some mail , and open a lavender color letter that reek of perfume , she be surprised to read this : sissy , precious be , how be you , my extraordinary one ? I worry so . next time you be near Manhattan , do ring I up . there be a man to whom I simply must introduce you . thrill !! - the countess sissy look at the envelope and return address . elaborately emboss be the countess ' logo ... int . countess's office day the elaborately emboss envelope be now be seal .. the countess give it a lick ... beside he be a young watercolorist name Julian . the countess I will send this out to sissy , she should get it in a week , and you will be able to meet she . when I send a letter to sissy , duplicate must be send to U.S. Post Office box in laconner , taos , pine Ridge , Cherokee and that other place , for she to pick up ... why she 's probably out there right now in hibbing , Minnesota , or deluth , Montana ... hitching she way across the country . int . trucker cab night sissy be talk to a trucker as they pass down the road . sissy right off , I do not remember how old I be when I find out I be part indian . my mamma 's family , a lot of they , have live out West , in the dakotas , and one of they have marry a squaw . siwash tribe . my pleasure in indianhood and my passion for car travel might be incongruous if not mutually exclusive ........ after all , the first car that ever stop for I have be name in honor of the great chief of the ottawa : pontiac ...... in the distance , sissy spy she destination . new york CITY . sissy new york CITY . it 's still a helluva town .... ext . office build day sissy get out of the truck and look up at a large building . int . countess's office day the countess sit down dear , do sit down . sissy hankshaw take a seat . the countess lift a dusty decanter . the countess take a load off that lovely tootsy . yes , sit right down . would you fancy some sherry ? the decanter be empty , a stiff fly lie foot up on it 's lip . the countess shit o goodness , I be all out of sherry ; how about some Red Ripple ? he reach into a midget refrigerator beside he desk and pull out some pop wine . the countess you know what Red Ripple be do not you ? it 's Kool - Aid with a hard on . tee hee . sissy manage a polite smile . she look at a heavily finger print glass . the countess ( he toast ) to my own special sissy . cheer ! and welcome . so my letter bring ya fly , eh ? where be you ? Salt Lake City ? La conner ? well , I may have a little surprise for you . but first , tell I about yourself . it 's be six month , have not it ? in some circle that 's half a year . how be you ? sissy tire ... the countess that 's the very first time in the eon that I have know you that I have ever hear you complain . and now you be tired , poor darling . sissy a bear freak can only go uphill . the countess freak , schmeek . most of we be freak in one way or another . try be bear a male Russian countess into a white middle class Baptist family in Mississippi and you will see what I mean . sissy I have always be proud of the way nature single I out . it 's the people who have be deform by society I feel sorry for . I have be steady move for eleven year and some month . maybe I should rest up for a spell , I be not as young as I use to be . the countess shit o goodness , you will not be thirty for another year , and you be more beautiful than ever . sissy do that mean you might have a assignment for I ? the countess tap he monocle with he cigarette holder . he look on he wall , and on a poster advertising a feminine hygene product , yoni yum Dew spray , stand sissy hankshaw , she thumb neatly hide , chop off by the border of the photograph . the countess you be the yoni yum girl from , let 's see , ( peruse the ad layout on the wall ) from nineteen sixty - eight through nineteen seventy . you have always smell so nice . like a little sister . the irony have just kill I . you , the Dew girl , one of the few girl who do not need Dew . I loath the stink of female ! they be so sweet the way God make they , then they start fool around with man and soon they be stinking . like rotten mushroom , like a excessively chlorinate swim pool , like a tuna fish 's retirement party . they all stink . from the Queen of England to Bonanza jellybean , they stink . sissy Bonanza jellybean ? the countess what ? oh yes . tee-hee . jellybean . the countess 's jaw muscle calm down , he denture ease into a samba ... the countess she 's a young thing who work on my ranch . Real name be Sally Jones or something wooden like that . she 's cute as a hot fudge taco , and , of course , it take verve to change one 's name so charmingly . but she stink like a slut just the same . sissy you ranch ? the countess oh my dear yes , I buy a little ranch out West , sort of a tribute to the woman of America who have cooperate with I in eliminate they odor by use my vaginal product , Dew spray mist and yoni yum spray powder . a tax write - off , actually . he look out he window as a squirrel cross Park Avenue . the countess sissy , sissy , blush bride , you can desist from wear path in that forget highway . the countess have arrange a job for you . and what a job ... sissy a job for I ? the countess I be once more about to make advertising history . and only you , the original yoni yum / Dew girl , could possibly assist I . the countess hand sissy a article that she read clench in she fist . sissy the food and drug administration say Wednesday female deodorant spray may cause such harmful reaction as blister , burn and rash . although the fda judge that the report reaction be not sufficient to justify removal of this product from the market , they be sufficient to warrant the propose mandatory label warning . the countess shit o dear , that 's enough to make I asthmatic . the nerve of that twit . what do they know about female odor ? do not interrupt . here 's my concept . my ranch out West ? it 's a beauty ranch . oh , it 's get a few head of cattle for atmosphere and tax purpose . but it 's a beauty ranch , a place where unhappy woman -- divorce and widow , mainly -- can go to lose weight , remove wrinkle , change they hair style and pretty themselves up for the next disappointment . my ranch be name the rubber Rose , after the rubber Rose douche bag , my own invention , and bless its little red bladder , the most popular douche bag in the world . so get this . it 's on the migratory flight path of the whooping crane . the last flock of wild whooping crane leave in existence . well , this crane stop off at my little pond -- siwash Lake , it 's call -- twice a year , autumn and spring , and spend a few day each time , rest up , eat , do whatever whooping crane do . I have never see they , understand , but I hear they be magnificent . very big specimen -- I mean , huge mother -- and white as snow , to coin a phrase , except for black tip on they wing and tail feather , and bright red head . now , whooping crane , in case you do not know it , be note for they mate dance . it 's just the wildest show in nature . it 's probably the reason why birdwatch use to be so popular with old maid and deacon . picture this rare , beautiful , gigantic bird in full dance -- leaping six foot off the mud , arching they back , flap they wing , strutting low to the ground . dear , it 's overwhelming . and picture the bird do they sex dance on tv . right there on the home screen , creation 's most elaborate sex ritual -- yet clean and pure enough to suit the Pope . with lovely sissy hankshaw in the foreground . in a white gown , red hood attach , and big feathery sleeve trim in black . in a very subdued imitation of the female whooping crane , she dance / walk over to a large nest in which there sit a can of yoni yum . and a can of Dew . off-camera , a string quartet be play debussy . a sensuous voice be read a few poetic line about courtship and love . be you start to get it ? do not it make the hair on you neck stand up and applaud ? my very goodness gracious ! grandiose , lyrical , erotic and girl scout - orient ; you can not top it . I have hire a crew of expert from Walt Disney studios , the best wildlife cinematographers around . you be my eternal favorite . princess Grace herself could not be better , not even if she have you personality which she do not ; anyway , dear , I be out of photography now and into water color . ah how circuitous conversation be ! we be back at the beginning . the exact man I have want you to meet be my artist the watercolorist . sissy dare a sip of Red Ripple . sissy if you do not want I to pose for he , why do you want I to meet he ? the countess purely personal . I believe you might enjoy one another . sissy but countess ... the countess now , now . do not get exasperate . I realize that you have always avoid all but the most rudimentary involvement with man , and I might add , you have be wise . heterosexual relationship seem to lead only to marriage . for man , marriage be a matter of efficient logistic : the male get he food , bed , laundry , tv , pussy , offspring and creature comfort all under one roof , where he do not have to dissipate he psychic energy think about they too much , then he be free to go out and fight the battle of life , which be what existence be all about . but for a woman marriage be surrender . the countess refill he glass . the squirrel start across Park Avenue again but do not make it . the uniform chauffeur get out of a limousine and hold the crush animal up where it can be see by a elderly woman passenger . the countess but here you be , still a virgin -- you be virginal yet , be not you ? sissy why , yes , technically . Jack kerouac and I come awfully close , but he be afraid of I , I think ... the countess yes , well , what I be get at be that there come a time when it be psychologically impossible for a woman to lose she virginity . she can not wait too long , you know . now , there 's no reason why you must lose yours . I mean , just ponder it a bit , that 's all . sissy ( she brow spaghettied ) what make you think this watercolorist and I would develop a romantic relationship ? the countess I can not be certain that you would . but what have you get to lose ? sissy well , okay . I will try it . I do not see the point in it , but I will try it . just for you . it 's kind of silly , actually , I go out with a artist in New York City . however ... the countess good , good , good ... you will enjoy it , you will see . Julian be a gentleman . suddenly the countess swivel in he desk chair and lean forward . lower he wine glass , he focus directly , intensely into sissy 's blue eye . his smile widen . the countess by the way , sissy ... he 's a full blooded indian . a title : cowgirl interlude int . rubber rose outhouse day the outhouse Radio be play " the starve armenian polka " and Bonanza jellybean and delore del Ruby be in the privy , catch in the rain . jelly well , I be not scared of a little rain . delore I neither . jelly might as well brave it . delore right . I do not know about you but I be sure not sweet enough to melt . delore flick she whip at a sweat bee that have take refuge in the privy and hit the photograph of Dale Evans upon which it have light . jelly look out the door of the outhouse across a cut green lawn to a bunkhouse where we can see a gather of other cowgirl . there be a fly buzz and a distant polka yip . Way off horse lip flutter . Bonanza spy a picture of sissy hankshaw , a advertisement for yoni yum Dew spray mist , on the privy wall . jelly ( muse ) someday ...... if that sissy hankshaw ever show up here , I be gonna teach she how to hypnotize a chicken . chicken be the easiest critter on Earth to hypnotize . if you can look a chicken in the eye for ten second , it 's yours forever . int . bunkhouse day a meeting be in progression in the bunkhouse that morning . Mary be address the group . mary I want to complain that some of the cowgirl have be sleep two to a bunk again , in violation of the agreement that " crime against nature " be to be confine to the hayloft . debbie I do not care who lay with whom or where or how , but the moaner , groaner and screamer ought to turn down they volume when other be try to sleep or meditate . some of the young cowgirl blush . big red I want to complain about the food around here ! it 's rotten to the core . a round of support from the other cowgirl in the form of cattle call . int . outhouse day jelly and delore be get ready to run through the rain , when all of a sudden , jelly spy a barefoot cowgirl -- it 's Debbie -- run across the yard in she karate robe , jump on the exercycle that be rusting in the weed and begin pump the pedal furiously in the yammer rain . delore my sacred crocodile ! she 's flip . but in a minute , other follow Debbie , everyone of they , in fact ; the entire bunkhouse load of they , some thirty young cowgirl , squealing , giggle , they slide and roll on the wet grass , push each other into the mud that be form by the corral fence , chase one another in and out of the thick fold of rain drapery , stamp they cute foot in puddle and do bellyflop into the overflow horse trough . the cowgirl frolic until , as suddenly as it have come , the rain go away . play cease . they be panting like puppy as they lean against one another or pick clod of mud from one another 's hair . elaine I move that the meeting be adjourned . debbie at the end of the endless game , there be friendship . heather what the heck do she mean by that ! jelly just that in Heaven all business be conduct this way . int . HOTEL lobby night in the lobby , the door of a elevator open revealing sissy inside wear a buttone up dress . very formal look for she . there be Julian stand in the lobby . he turn and walk toward sissy . he be wear a rather formal look plaid sport coat with blue cummerbund . he extend he hand to meet she , and ( perhaps at the sight of sissy 's thumb ) Julian have a asthma attack , double over in front of she . sissy do not know whether to assist Julian or flee . from the other side of the lobby , two well - groomed couple , white , mid-thirty and upper middle class come to the rescue . the young of the man , rupert , take charge . he break a inhaler of dinephrine under Julian 's nose . rupert we would better take you home . in the red of embarrassment , Julian look more indian than he have previously . wheezing , he speak : julian I beg you pardon . I have be enthralled with you photograph for year . when the countess hint that you might like to meet I -- he never explain why -- I be ready to paint for he free of charge . and now I have to go and spoil it . ext . STREET night rupert be help Julian to the street . rupert be a salesman for a publishing house . his wife carla , a homemaker , as they say . the other couple break down into Howard and Marie barth , both copywriter for a ad agency . Howard hail a cab and carla and Marie flutter around sissy . marie this be dreadful . ( lowering she voice confidentially ) you know , asthma attack be bring on by emotional stress . poor Julian be so high strung . the excitement of meeting you -- my dear , you look so stun ! -- must have upset he chemical balance . carla nod . everyone be pile into the taxi . rupert come on , sissy , do not be afraid of we . sissy I have never ride in a cab . the whole idea of pay for a ride make my thumb hurt . sissy be force to suffer the indignity of riding in a vehicle she be not responsible for flagging with she own thumb . carla it will be all right , dear . it be not as serious as it sound . int . cab night carla start to pat sissy 's hand , then decide to leave the thumb to themselves . the six of they be squeeze into the taxi . sissy look out the window of the taxi : sissy's view as the taxi stop at a light , she can see a newsstand headline on the front page of the New York Daily News : the chink sum it up , say life be hard if you think it's hard . ext . julian' apartment night the taxi stop in front of Julian 's building . it discharge its passenger . int . julian' apartment night inside Howard mix scotch and soda , rupert fill a syringe from a vial of aminophylline he have take from its place behind a gelatin salad mold in the refrigerator . he give Julian a injection . rupert there , that ought to beat they bronchial bugger into submission . he turn to sissy . rupert I be a medic in the Army . I really should have become a doctor . sometimes , though , I feel that push book be a whole lot like push medicine . think of book as pill . I have pill that cure ignorance and pill that cure boredom . I have pill to elevate mood and pill to open people 's eye to the awful truth ... carla too bad you do not have a pill for bullshit . carla smile as if she be joke , but she would say it tartly . rupert glare and take a big bite of scotch . howard ( change the subject ) where do you live , miss hankshaw ? sissy I be stay with the countess . howard I know , but where do you reside when you be not visit New York ? sissy I do not . howard you do not ? sissy well , no , I do not reside anywhere in particular . I just keep move . everyone look a bit astonished include the recumbent Julian . howard a traveler , eh ? sissy you might say that , although I do not think of it as travel . carla how do you think of it ? sissy as move . carla oh . marie how ... unusual ... howard mmmmm ... rupert bite into he scotch again . Julian issue a watery wheeze . then , silence . carla rupert , before you get too engross in you research on scotch as a cure for aging , do not you think you would better phone Elaine 's and cancel we dinner reservation ? sissy leave she chair and wander about the apartment . which be full of book and shelf . rupert ( o.s. ) what would we do without you , carla ? without we little efficiency expert , carla , everything would just go to hell . carla be think about run for mayor next year , be not you , carla ? carla ( o.s. ) up yours , herr doktor Book salesman . will the demand of you medical practice allow you to call Elaine 's or shall I ? marie ( o.s. ) oh let I do it . sissy be intrigue by a antique here and a object d'art there , but she know she be in a alien environment . int . julian' bedroom night sissy enter a bedroom there be a cover birdcage . she sit upon the bed listen for a ' cheep ' from the bird . and gradually she recline . then turn she head to the side against the bedspread : sissy no indian blanket ... no indian blanket ... and she black out . and the sound drift away in wave , so there be only the whistle of a distant wind through the mortar of the apartment building ... ... until one by one , we see button neck freed . soon sissy can feel it . someone be undress she . in a voice webby with sleep she lift she head up , and see Howard and Marie . sissy where be the other ? howard oh , rupert and carla have a little hassle and go home . marie Julian fall asleep on the couch ; we cover he up . howard we think that we should make you comfortable too . sissy think this be nice , but wonder , however , why they be both in they underwear . sissy yes , thanks ... between the two of they , they have get sissy out of she dress in no time . sissy feel she should apologize for not have on a brassiere . Marie slip out of she own brassiere and move she bare bosom close to sissy 's . marie mine be fuller but yours be more perfectly shape . howard highly debatable . I will wager they be the exact same size . Howard cup he leave hand about a Marie breast and he right about one of sissy 's . he weigh they in he palm , squeeze they the way a honest grocer squeeze excess water from a lettuce , and spread he finger to sample they circumference . howard hmm . your be larger , Marie , but miss hankshaw 's -- sissy 's -- be more firm . you would think they would have start to droop ; I mean , from not wear a bra . marie Howard ! watch you manners . you have make she blush . here , sissy , let I compare . Marie seize sissy 's free breast , quickly , like a monkey pick a fruit , roll it about in she hungry little finger , rub it against she chin and cheek ... ...and ... ... it be like she earlier day as a hitchhiker .... nostalgic ..... tropical plum . sissy ( in ecstasy ) this place be finer than the place I live ! like a disc jockey from paradise , Howard flip Marie over and play she B side . every now and then she reach for sissy to include she , but the law of physics insist on be obey . over and over Marie call sissy 's name with half - close eye . the barth be really go at it , Marie yowling like a cat . the poodle in the kitchen begin to growl . sissy so this be what it 's like ... so this be what it 's really like . int . live room night sissy bounce out of the bed and patter through the live room and crawl under the cover with Julian . Julian stir awake . julian oh , sissy . I be sorry about all the fuss . Julian and sissy embrace and go at it under the cover but suddenly : Julian stop after a brief climax . julian ( with downcast eye ) I apologize . sissy cradle Julian and comfort he . julian it be the measure of western civilization that it can encompass in harmony , balance off , as it be , such divergent masterwork as a midsummer night's dream and the american dream , as the dome of the sistine Chapel and the ceiling of the Paris opera . sissy sit up , she eye mope about the apartment , look but not see the macrame wallhangings , the volume of Robert frost . julian what 's the matter ? after a while sissy answer . sissy I be cold . julian here . I will turn down the air conditioner . sissy it 's not the air conditioner that 's make I cold . nothing move in here . not even you bird . sissy get out of bed and begin to dress . julian what be you do ? sissy get dress . I have get to go . julian but I do not want you to leave . please stay . we can go to dinner . I owe you a dinner . and tonight ... we can ... really make love . sissy I have to go , Julian . julian why ? why do you have to go ? sissy ( somewhat frantic ) my thumb hurt . I have make a mistake . I have be negligent . I have not exercise . I have to hitchhike a little bit every day , no matter what . it 's like a musician practice he scale . when I do not practice , my timing get off , my thumb get stiff and sore . ext . CITY dawn sissy tremble while she kiss she thumb . sissy I will hitch with you , out where tall bird wade in a lake name for my siwash kin . out where smokey the bear lay down he shovel to romp with more playful beast . out where starlight have no enemy and the badland wind no friend . out where the boogie stop and the woogie begin . int . truck day and sissy be now travel in a truck pass fourteenth Street on she way to the geo. Washington Bridge . View of that Bridge as the truck cross it to New jersy . View of the wild of New Jersey as sissy travel to the West . int . countess ' office the countess be on the phone . the countess so she leave town . well , that should not surprise you . leave town be what sissy be all about . but tell I , how do she strike you ? Julian be on the other end of the phone . julian extraordinary ! the countess she 's obviously that . Jesus ! which would you rather have , a million dollar or one of sissy 's thumb full of penny ? julian oh , you ! I be not talk about she hand . they be difficult to ignore , I confess , but I be speak of she whole be . her whole be be extraordinary . the way she talk , for example . she 's so articulate . the countess it 's high time you realize , honey babe , that a woman do not have to give the best year of she life to radcliffe or Smith in order to speak the English language . julian countess . I be really in a dither . she 's turn my head . the countess ninety degree to the leave , I hope . how do she feel about you ? julian I think she 's disappointed that I be not more , ah , sort of atavistic . she 's get some naive , sentimental notion about Indians . I be sure she like I , though ; but .... then she leave town . the countess she always leave town , you dummy . that do not mean anything . what about in bed ? how do she like it in bed ? Julian pause for a very long moment . julian how do she like what in bed ? the countess like what ? the countess ' tooth chatter in he mouth . the countess what do you think ? julian well .... er ... the countess shit o dear , Julian . do you mean to tell I you do not get it on ? julian oh , we do not get it all the way on . the countess whose fault be that ? julian I suppose it be mine . yes , it definitely be my fault . the countess what do they do to you boy in that ivy league school , anyway ? strap you down and pump the nature out of you ? they can even press the last drop of nature out of a Mohawk buck . why , send a shaman or cannibal to Yale for four year and all he would be fit for would be a desk in the military - industrial complex and a seat in the third row at a Neil Simon comedy . Jesus h.m.s. Christ ! if Harvard or Princeton could get hold of the chink for a couple of semester they would turn he into a candidate for the bow tie wing of the Hall of wimp . oogie boogie . julian if we ivy leaguer be not earthy enough to suit you hillbilly , at least we do not go around indulge in racist term such as ' chink . ' next thing I know , you will be call I ' chief . ' the countess chink 's the guy 's name , for Christ 's sake . julian what guy ? the countess aw , he 's some old fart holyman who life in the hill out West . give my ranch the creep and the willy , too . but though he be old and dirty , he 's alive , I will bet , clear down to he toe . they do not have he juice in a jar in New Haven . well I suppose that I will have to write sissy out on the road . ext . road day sissy make little puff of dust as she walk . from the direction of the ranch a vw microbus be approach . it be paint with mandalas , lamaistic dorje and symbol represent " the clear light of the void . " when the microbus draw alongside sissy it stop . Inside be two man and a woman . they be approximately twenty - four year old . woman be you a pilgrim ? sissy no , I be more of a indian the trio do not smile . driver she mean be you go to see the chink ? sissy oh , I may and I may not . but see he be not my main objective out here . driver that 's good . because he will not see you . we come all the way from minneapolis to see he and the crazy bastard try to stone we to death other man yeah , but I no longer believe that guy 's a master . he 's just a dirty , uptight old mountain man . why , he pull out he pecker and shook it at Barbara . I would stay away from there if I be you , lady . sissy walk on leave the people in the bus argue about whether the chink 's rock - shower and pecker - wag actually have be intend as spiritual message . ext . road day walking down the long dirt road , sissy stop to take a breather and sit down on a log . sissy think and look into the cloud . wave of grasses whisper she name : ssssssssss , sssssssssssss sisssy . meadowlarks squander they song on she as she begin to squirm on the log . a lincoln Continental drive up suddenly . sissy barely have time to zip up . the cadillac stop in front of sissy . a teenage girl in a stetson be at the wheel . the rear door of the limousine open and a refine matronly voice call from the void . miss adrian by any chance be you sissy hankshaw ? sissy yes I be . a chic middle - age woman lean out of the car . miss adrian my goodness . why do not you telephone ? someone would have drive into mottburg to pick you up . I be miss adrian . from the ranch . the countess write that I should expect you . get in , will not you ? you must be exhaust . gloria , assist miss hankshaw with she luggage . gloria nod at sissy amicably but do not make a move to help she . sissy swing she sack into the roomy vehicle . before she get in she flash she thumb to hitch a ride . the instant that sissy shut the door the cowgirl chauffeur floor the cadillac and it lurch away in a puff of dust . int . caddy day sitting up after the bothersome lurch of the car . miss adrian Little twit . ( turn to sissy ) you really ought to have phone . we be just in mottburg escort some guest to the afternoon train . ( sigh ) more guest leave ahead of schedule . Three check out today . they decide to transfer to Elizabeth arden 's Maine chance spa in Phoenix , Arizona . it cost two hundred and fifty dollar a week less at the rubber Rose , so why be we guest leave and go to Elizabeth arden' ? miss adrian push a button that send a partition glass between she and the cowgirl driver . gloria start laugh silently on the other side of the glass . miss adrian I will tell you why , it 's that plague of cowgirl . they have gradually infiltrate every sector of we program . the one name Debbie consider herself a expert on exercise and diet . with Bonanza jellybean 's permission and against my explicit order , she 's be coerce the guest into try something call kundalini yoga . do you know what that be ? it 's try to mentally force a serpent of fire to crawl up you spinal column . miss hankshaw , we guest can not comprehend kundalini yoga , let alone do it . yesterday , she order a new cookbook by a tibetan negro , entitle third Eye in the Kitchen : himalayan soul food . God know what that will be like . the little barbarian be destroy everything that I have build , mock all that the company stand for . and there 's a new one , one they call del Ruby . she have the good will of a scorpion . I have consider it prudent to avoid a confrontation that might further upset the guest . but now that the season be practically over -- we operate April through September -- and the countess be finally come ... ext . rubber rose day the limousine pull up in the drive . miss adrian' voice we ranch have all the latest in modern facility ... int . beauty ranch day we see woman have facial . miss adrian' voice we have a facial wing , and next to that be the Hair barn ... int . hair barn day sissy be be give a tour by miss adrian . a variety of hairdos be witness . miss adrian we have a team of fifteen hair expert from all over the world . int . exercise room day miss adrian and fanny flab fly off in this room at the rate of six hundred and seventy - five pound a day ... that 's a lot of salted ham , sissy .... int . MAIN lodge day sissy and miss adrian walk through the lodge lobby , guest and cowgirl be conduct a variety of activity : a bird expert project slide of whooping crane on the wall and be give a lecture about the habit of the bird . in the center of the room cowgirl debbie be lead a mixture of cowgirl and guest in a meditative chant as they reach high above they head in a yoga exercise . miss adrian stop in front of the registration desk and sissy catch glimpsis of the chaotic lobby . miss adrian we special guest miss sissy hankshaw be with we . the receptionist hand miss adrian a key to sissy 's room . a cowgirl make a face at sissy as she walk by carry a tray of herbal teas . a representative of the film crew be be intimidate by a cowgirl who be look though he camera lense and shaking they and listen to they like you would put a shell up to you ear to hear the ocean . cowgirl cool ! we be go to make a movie !... another cowgirl , big red , be lift a piece of furniture and pass it to she accomplice . big red get rid of the furniture .... it 's too masculine ... get rid of all the furniture and use it for kindling !!! break away from this pig-like chauvinist masculine influence .... miss adrian look on helplessly .... she grab sissy and lead she out of the lobby . ext . corral day miss adrian and sissy walk out the back door of the ranch and out near a corral , to the sound of gunfire . miss adrian o merciful Jesus ! they be murdering the guest ! one of the film crew member be hang out in the corral wear a shiny jacket with disney print on the back . miss adrian grab he by the shoulder and shake he . miss adrian where be the guest ? man take it easy , lady . they go on a short ride with the cowgirl . rode over the hill yonder . you be miss adrian , be not you ? we need to talk to you about the filming . miss adrian not now , you fool , not now . that craze bitch have lead innocent woman out and be slaughtering they at this moment . we will all be kill . oh ! ohhh ! another cameraman spit out a wad of chew gum . cameraman there 's a slaughter go on all right , but it 's not the fat lady that be get it . you hire hand be kill the cattle . miss adrian the cattle ? they be kill the cow ? all of they ? cameraman ( interrupt while put a zoom lens on he camera ) that 's what they say , miss adrian . a devilish young cowgirl be sit on a fence nearby . miss adrian address she . miss adrian how dare you slaughter the countess 's cattle ! what be a ranch without cow ? cowgirl we be go to replace they with goat . most of the cattle be disease and in pain . we be just put they out of they misery . accord to bon-an - za jellybean , the rubber Rose be in - di-cat-ive of the countess 's value . he have purchase a cheap weak strain of cow to begin with and with improper care .... miss adrian oh heaven ! I do not want to hear what Bonanza jellybean have be tell you girl .... come on sissy . I will show you to you quarter . and the SUN sets over the canyon , the hill and siwash ridge nearby . the chink , with he back to we look down on the ranch from the ridge and watch miss adrian lead sissy into a small guest cottage on the ranch . a distant coyote howl , and a few scatter gunshot be heard . int . ranch cottage morning sissy stir in a nicely appoint guest cottage . a may knock on the door and serve sissy breakfast in bed . maid Excuse I , miss . do you care for you breakfast now ? sissy sit up and rub she eye . sissy yeah . I feel a bit hungry . the maid put the tray down , and the cloth that cover the food be lift away to reveal a shocking display of grease and calory . a vase of prairie aster stand over a double - meat cheeseburger , a package of hostess twinkies , a cold can of Dr. pepper and a Three musketeer bar . sissy be delighted . sissy Road food . how do you know ? maid well it be a change of we usual grapefruit and melba toast , I be sure . sissy notice a card . it read : compliment of Bonanza jellybean sissy Bonanza jellybean .... maid she will be up to see you directly . sissy devour she meal . out she window she can see woman on exercycle , woman do jump jack and woman in beauty parlor . a fist pound on sissy 's door . in sail jelly , a cowgirl so cute she make sissy blush just to look at she . she wear a tan stetson with a aster pin to it , a green satin shirt embroider with rear stallion snort orange fire from they nostril . her breast bounce like dinner roll that have get load on helium and , between red tinged cheek , where more baby fat be take its time mature , she have a little smile that can cause mineral and plastic to remember they ancient animate connection . jelly grasp sissy 's elbow and sit on the side of the bed . jelly welcome , podner . by God , it 's great to have you here . it 's a honor . sorry I take so long get to you , but we have have a mess of hard work this past few day -- and a heap of plan to do . sissy er , you seem to know who I be , and maybe even what I be . thanks for the breakfast . jelly oh , I know about sissy hankshaw , all right . I have do a little hitchhike myself . ah shuck , that 's like tell Annie Oakley you be a sharpshooter because you once knock a tomato can off a stump with a fieldstone . I would hear tale about you from people I would meet in jail cell and truckstop . I hear about you , uh , you , ah , you wonderful thumb , and I hear how you be Jack kerouac 's girl friend ... sissy set she tray on the bedside table . sissy no , I be afraid that part be not true . Jack be in awe of I and track I down . we spend a night talk and hugging in a corn field , but he be hardly my lover . besides , I always travel alone . jelly well , that do not matter ; that part never interested I anyway . the beatnick be before my time , and I never get anything outta the hippie but bad dope , clich and the clap . but the example of you life help I in my struggle to be a cowgirl . the guest be huffing and puffing in between the pause in conversation , in the background through the window in sissy 's room . sissy tell I about it . jelly about ... sissy about be a cowgirl . what 's it all about ? when you say the word you make it sound like it be paint in radium on the side of a pearl . jelly cowgirl exist as a image . a fairly common image . the idea of cowgirl especially for little girl prevail in we culture . therefore , it seem to I , the existence of cowgirl should prevail . otherwise , they be be fool . in the rodeo Hall of Fame in Oklahoma City there be just two cowgirl . two . and both of them be trick-rider . trick -ride be what cowgirl have almost always do in rodeo . we society sure like to see its unconventional woman do trick . that 's what prostitute call it , you know : ' trick . ' jelly lay she hand atop the oval mound sissy 's thumb make under the cover . sissy you be political , then ? jelly no , mar 'am . no way . there 's girl on the rubber Rose who be political , but I do not share they view . I get no cowgirl ideology to expound . " Politics be for people who have a passion for change life but lack a passion for live it . " there be a moment when the two girl feel something between each other . jelly do that last comment sound too profound to be come outta my mouth ? it 's not original . it 's something I pick up from the chink . sissy really ? the chink , huh ? I have gather that you sometimes speak with he . what else have you learn from the chink ? jelly learned from the chink ? oh my . ha ha . that 's hard to say . we mostly .... uh , a lot of he talk be pretty goofy . jelly pause . jelly oh yeah , now that I think of it , the chink teach I something about cowgirl . do you realize that cowgirl have be around for many century ? Long before America . in ancient India the care of the cattle be always leave up to young woman they call gopis . be alone with the cow all the time , the gopis get awfully horny , just like we do here . every gopi be in love with krishna , a good- look young god who play the flute like it be go out of style when the moon be full , this krishna would play he flute by a river and call the gopis to he . then he would multiply himself sixteen thousand time -- one for each gopi -- and make love to each one the way she most desire . there they be , sixteen thousand gopis balling krishna on the river bank , and the energy of they merge be so great that it create a huge oneness , a total union of love , and it be God . wow ! quite a picture , huh ? sissy 's thumb twitches . jelly swallow hard . they gaze into each other 's eye . a whistle pierce the sunlight outside the window . jelly that could not be krishna , could it ? a bit shrill for a flute . just we rotten luck . jelly walk to the window and exchange hand signal with someone outside . jelly gotta run now . delore say I be need . somebody 's here . maybe it 's the countess . jelly spin she six - shooter in she kewpie finger . jelly sissy , cowgirl history be about to be make . I be damn glad you be here to witness it . she holster she gun and blow sissy a kiss , then be go out the door . sissy hop out of bed and from the window she can see cowgirl gather in a circle . someone or something be in the center of the circle . sissy zip herself into a red jumpsuit and hurry outside . ext . corral day what be in the center of the circle be a goat . Debbie be scratch the animal 's ear . she be hugging it . kym it 's cute . Way cuter than a cow . debbie goat be always testing you . they be like Zen master . they can tell instantly if you be fake you feeling . so they play game with you to keep you true . people should go to goat instead of psychiatrist . gloria it 's so loving . gloria cut in on Debbie and give the beast a hug . heather look at that playfully wise eye . gloria ooo ! it lick I ! jelly more and more people be discover that cow 's milk be not fit for human consumption . billy West say if we can produce enough goat 's milk on the ranch to make it worth he while , he will run it into fargo regularly . she pause and look around the group in the circle . delore I be aware that tad Lucas ride broncs until she ninth month , but I do not think pregnant cowgirl be go to be any asset on this ranch . I hope you itchy clit who be sneaking down to the lake every night be take precaution . it 's bad enough we have get crane come ; we do not need stork . I feel that that film maker should be remove from the rubber Rose as soon as possible . Men can cause nothing but trouble here . I also feel that we guest ( she nod at sissy ) should be excuse while we discuss this matter further . hurt , sissy leave the group . ext . ranch day view of sissy in she whoop crane outfit dance to debussy in front of the Disney film crew . the documentary be direct by a effusive frenchman . View of the camera crew training they long telephoto lense on siwash Lake . they all seem to be wear the same trademark satin baseball jacket with one logo or another on they back . another view of the lake , from above , from the chink 's point of view and we first view of the chink . the chink spy sissy and jelly come over a ridge . we can not hear they at first , but sissy and jelly be talk . jelly ...... delore zonk out on peyote at least once a week , but so far she third vision have not happen . niwetükame , the mother goddess have not get back in touch with she . meanwhile she and Debbie be rivaling each other like a couple of crosstown high school . tension . cowgirl tension ! what a drag . sissy what be Debbie 's position ? jelly Debbie say that if woman be to take charge again , they must do it in the feminine way ; they must not resort to aggressive and violent masculine method . she say it be up to woman to show themselves better than man , to love man , set good example for they and guide they tenderly toward the New Age . she 's a real dreamer , that debbie-dear . sissy you do not agree with Debbie , then ? jelly I would not say that . I expect she 's right , ultimately . but I be with delore when it come to fight for what 's mine . I can not understand why delore be so uptight about the chink ; he could probably teach she a thing or two . ee ! that grass tickle , do not it ? God know I love woman , but nothing can take the place of a man that fit . still this be cowgirl territory and I will stand with delore and fight any bastard who might deny it . I guess I have always be a scrapper . look . this scar . only twelve year old and I be fell by a silver bullet . jelly take sissy 's hand , carefully avoid the thumb and help she feel the depression in she belly . the depression be a dimple , like another navel . after a hungry stillness , like intermission at a wolf dance , rhythm be establish . jelly and sissy be sock into one another now , and they arch and push and corkscrew and jackknife softly but with pronounce cadence . everything become scramble . they rock each other in cradle of sweat and saliva , until we can see nothing . noisy breath buck out of sissy : " jelly , jelly " but she can not hear sissy because she be scream . hysterical from the scalding hot softness of girl - love . ext . hilltop day the chink look on from the hilltop above indifferently . ext . field day sissy and jelly be riding on the back of a horse . a whooping crane be spy by sissy as she ride on the back of jellybean 's horse back to the ranch . delore and Big Red hurry to meet they . delore he 's here . sure enough across the yard , in the midst of the low - cal barbecue in progress , monocle reflect sunlight , cigarette holder stabbing the air , stand the countess . delore look at he . perverse as a pink pickle . big red sick as a vice squad . delore he 's in a snit . he want to see you right after the barbecue . jellybean chuckle sardonically and dismount . jelly get the girl . he 's gonna see I right now . sissy , confuse , and loyalty tear in the face of a impending revolution , leave the corral and slip inside through the kitchen . down the hall entering her room , she lock herself in . as she lock the latch she hear jelly 's voice . int ranch office day jelly have take over the ranch loudspeaker system and be give a ultimatum . jelly any of you lady who would like to join we , you be welcome to stay on as a full work podner at the rubber Rose . Rest of you get pack -- and I mean now . you have get fifteen minute to move you lard ass off this ranch . inside the exercise room woman be reacting to the demand . inside the greenhouse some woman be take up trowel and broom as weapon . inside the kitchen the help be join the revolt . inside the hallway other woman be run for they life . inside sissy's room she hear the screen door screech open and a chaos of footstep in the hall . she go to she window . and she can see , partially cut off by the corner of the building , miss adrian scream . miss adrian you will all be round up and send to prison if you take this any farther ! this be not you ranch !!!! ext . the front yard of the rubber rose the countess seem to be take it slowly , and calmly smoking a french cigarette . he observe the fight among they with amusement . the countess you pathetic little cutesy - poo . do you actually suppose this exhibition of childlike melodrama be advance the cause of freedom ? jelly you owe we this here ranch , as a token payment for you disgusting exploitation the countess ( tranquilly ) then take it . jelly go for it , girl ! the hand , who carry axe , pick , pitchfork and shovel , retreat . the countess , still grin , reach for a hor d'oeuvre and subject he cigarette to a measure , self - assure puff . miss adrian ( shaking she fist ) go to you bunkhouse and remain there ! int . room the guest be hurriedly pack they thing . int . sissy's room she look on . ext . front yard when the revolutionary have retreat about thirty yard , they stop . with astonish rapidity , they unbuckle unbutton and unzip and step out of they jeans and underpant . then , nude from the waist down , thatched pubise thrust forward , up front and lead the way , they begin to advance . the countess 's grin go down he throat like bathwater down a drain . gloria better reach for you spray can ! jelly not one of this pussy have be wash in a week ! Rather pale , he nose twitching , the countess drop the caviar canapé he have be hold . on come the cowgirl , pelvise pump , lay down what the tremble countess believe to be a devastating barrage of musk . miss adrian , lose in she own hysteria , charge . a barbeque fork she hurl draw blood from Heather 's eyebrow . Quick as a frog 's tongue , delore 's whip crack . it 's lash curl around the ranch manager 's ankle , pull she foot from under she . she hit the sod in a jangle of jewelry and expulsion of breath . a molotov cocktail throw by Big Red say hello to the sexual recondition building . within second , the structure be blaze . int . MAIN house the bare - assed cowgirl storm into the beauty parlor and exercise room . sound of break glass and wood splintering . the air be sing with cry of " wahoo , " yippee , " " let 'er buck " and " the vagina be a self - clean organ . " int . kitchen sissy flee the house as she hunker down out the back door . ext . croquet court sissy run across it . she pass the pool , and fall in . climb out , wet , scared , she run to the base of siwash Ridge and southward along the mountain 's foot . eventually sissy come to a place where the juniper bush be break to reveal a crude path beginning a steep ascent . sissy decide to climb up it . she shoulder she way through low , slivery bough . approximately halfway up the ridge she rest on a flat rock from which she can look down on the ... burning rubber rose smoking away , distant yahoo and carrying on can be hear . horse whinney in the corral . a few gunshot be throw into the soundtrack if thing be not lively enough . miss adrian' cadillac , on FIRE , roar out of the drive . sissy look up to the quiet mountain . pause . then she look back to the chaos below . the cinematographers ' rented convertible and there equipment van drive away . sissy sit and wonder . the sun be set on the horizon , mixing well with the firelight that the rubber Rose be give off . but she be aware of something watch she . look about she see nothing . view of a empty trail . view of a quivering bush . sissy turn to the sound of the chink . chink ha ha ho ho hee hee . and there he be . stand only ten yard away . the chink 's problem be that he look like he roll out of a Zen scroll , as if he say " presto " a lot , know the meaning of lightning and the origin of dream . he look as if he drink dew and fuck snake . sissy and the chink scrutinize one another with mutual fascination . chink ha ha ho ho and hee hee . sissy be just about to speak , but before she do the chink whirl , and scamper up the mountainside . sissy wait ! warily he stop and turn , poise to flee again . sissy smile . she raise she ripe right thumb . and jerk it and swoosh it , she hitchhike the chink and he mountain . there he stand where sissy 's thumb have stop he . the chink wear the wary look of a wild animal . he 's not go to stay stop long . it be sissy 's move . sissy well , be not you go to shake you whanger at I ? the chink pause for a moment , then he slap he thigh and giggle hysterically . ha have , ho hos and hee hees squirt out of he nose and through the gap in he tooth . chink ( laughter die a nervous chipmunk death ) follow I . I will fix you supper . the two doggedly walk up the steep trail . sissy I be a friend of Bonanza jellybean 's . chink I know who you be . sissy oh ? well , there 's be some trouble on the ranch . I come up here to get out of the way . it 's so dark now I doubt if I could find my way back down . if you could help ... chink ( voice that wear no pants ) save you breath for the climb . sissy take another look at the rubber Rose , which be now quiet . we can hear faintly a distant pop of washcloth and girlish laughter . they make they way into a depression at the top of the mountain down a ladder of stick . the chink light a large fire in the middle of the depression . he put a kettle of stew over the fire , and begin to roast yam . the chinkss face as the fire dance off it . a can of chung king water chestnut be open . CUT to : sissy and the chink eat supper on a rough wooden bench . and as they finish , the chink go into a cave and return with a tiny peppermint - stripped plastic transistor radio . he switch it on and the silence be break by " the happy hour polka . " still clutching the radio in one hand , the chink hop into the wheel of firelight and begin to dance . sissy walk around the fire watch the old geezer heel and toe , skip and hop . he fling he bone ; he fling he beard . chink yip ! yip ! ha ha ho ho and hee hee . arm swim , foot firecracker , he dance and dance . when the song end , the chink put the radio down as the news come on . chink personally , I prefer stevie wonder , but what the hell . that cowgirl be always bitching because the only radio station in the area play nothing but polkas , but I say you can dance to anything if you really feel like dance . the chink dance a little to the news , and then lift sissy by she shoulder and guide she onto he pock - mark dance floor . sissy but I do not know how to polka . chink neither do I ... ha ha ho ho hee hee . the radio strike up the " lawrence welk be a hero of the Republic polka , " and the chink and sissy dance arm in arm , they shadow reel against the curve of the depression in the mountain . night bird fly past with flutter feather . a bat fly out of the cave . the chink escort sissy to a dark side of the depression and sit she down upon a pile of soft stuff : dry wheatgrass , fade indian blanket and old down pillow without case . sissy ( think ) so this be how jelly spend she visit to the chink . a twanging noise sound from the bowel of the nearby cave . sissy what be that ? chink clockwork . sissy clockwork ? the chink pause to decide whether he should talk any further , then proceed . chink the clockwork be one reason that I be here on siwash Ridge . I accept the invitation to be initiate as a shaman by a age siwash chief who be the principle outside confederate of the clock people . sissy siwash , huh ? chink he be a degenerate warlock who could turn urine into beer , and the honor that he extend I give I rights of occupancy in this sacred cave on this far-away siwash Ridge . I come to the dakota hill to construct a clockwork of my own . sissy cradle she head in she arm , but be startle by a louder noise from the clockwork . the chink be startle too . bonk ! sound the cave , and then it chime poing ! the chink smile at the noise come from he clockwork . chink but unlike the clockwork of the clock people , my tick more accurately echo the tick of the universe .... ( he listen ) ...... ha ha ho ho and hee hee . sissy the clock people ? int . cave night the chink lead sissy into the cave where we see he clockwork . it be make of garbage can lid and old saucepan and lard tin and car fender all wire together with baling wire . a bat fly into it make a bong noise and the contraption move a little . chink during the second World War I bust out of tule Lake detention camp ; as a japanese - american , I have be put there and watch over . I find refuge with the clock people , who discover I in a snow bank , near dead , I have be climb across the Sierra nevada mountain . sissy then if you be japanese , then why be you call the chink ? chink the clock people mistake I for chinese . and the name stick . in the same way that all indian tribe come to be label " Indians " through the ignorance of a italian sailor with a taste for orange , it be only fitting that " Indians " misname I . the clock people , however , be not a tribe , rather they be a gather of Indians from various tribe . they have live together since 1906 . int . the great burrow a gather of the clock people . a woman be give birth near the giant timekeeping hourglass . chink the pivotal function of the clock people be the keep and observe of the clockwork . it be a real thing , and be keep at the center , at the soul , of the great burrow . insofar as it be possible , all clock people death and birth occur in the presence of the clockwork . aside from birthing or die , the reason for the daily visit to the clockwork be to check the time . int . siwash cave night sissy listen to the chink as they walk around the chink 's clockwork . chink this people have no other ritual than this one . likewise , they have but one legend or cultural myth : that of a continuum they call the eternity of Joy . it be into the eternity of Joy that they believe all man will pass once the clockwork be destroy . the destruction must come from the outside , must come by natural mean , must come at the will of this gesticulate planet whose more acute stirring thoughtless people call " earthquake . " the chink hold sissy 's thumb in he hand adoringly . chink the Earth be alive . she burn inside with the heat of cosmic long . she long to be with she husband again . she moan . she turn softly in she sleep . in the eternity of Joy , pluralize , deurbanize man , at ease with he gentle technology , will smile and sigh when the Earth begin to shake . I love that loony redskin , but I could not be a party to they utopian dream . after a while it occur to I that the clock people wait for the eternity of Joy be virtually identical to the Christians wait for the second come . or the Communists wait for the worldwide revolution . or the debby wait for the fly saucer . all the same . just more sucker betting they share of the present on the future , banking every misery on a happy end to history . well , history be end every second - happily for some of we , unhappily for other , happily one second , unhappily the next . History be always end and always not end ... ha ha ho ho and hee hee . sissy interrupt the chink for a second while he be worshipp she thumb . sissy what do you believe in then ? chink ha ha ho ho and hee hee . then he say nothing . and he silence make sissy weep . they sit down on a grass floor , illuminate by the fire outside the cave . then the chink , without hesitation , grasp she thumb . he squeeze they , caress they , cover they with wet kiss , tell they how beautiful they be . sissy be bowl over , frighten , stunne , elate , move almost to tear . sissy bend she head back and whisper . sissy if this be adultery , make the most of it . and as the chink plunge into sissy , she arch she spread bottom against the blanket and rear up to meet he halfway . they body glow in the firelight , they cast shadow of ancient being , anthropomorph make love through the night under the moon . int . cave day sunbeam awaken sissy . when she look around she see a inscription have be freshly scrawle on the right wall . I believe in everything ; nothing be sacred . and on the leave wall : I believe in nothing ; everything be sacred . sissy hear and then see a helicopter in the sky above the ranch . sissy get up and walk out of the cave . ext . trail morn sissy walk . ext . rubber rose sissy hitches a ride out of town . ext . front doorstep morning countless newspaper on countless porch , and the headline of the St. Louis Post - dispatch read : our whooping crane be missing . int . the countess ' office day the countess be in a snit . the countess sissy , do not play dumb with I ! you be a good model but a shitty actress . the cowgirl be involved in this whooping crane disappearance . you know perfectly well they be . last see in nebraska . do not make it to Canada . siwash Lake be between nebraska and Canada . the cowgirl have possession of siwash Lake . and who else but jellybean 's wild cunt could possibly conceive of do something so diabolical as to tamper with the last flock of some nearly extinct bird ? how much do you know about it ? have they murder that crane the way they murder my moo cow ? sissy I do not know anything about it . the countess sissy . you be try to protect that scuzzy bitch . well , let you conscience be you guide , as my mommy use to say , but it will not work . that stinking slut be go to suffer ... sissy strike the countess with she right thumb -- with astonish force . immediately the thumb strike again , this time shatter the countess 's monocle against he eye . the countess ( gasp ) shit o dear . he denture fall onto the shag rug . the leave thumb strike . sissy be swinging she thumb like ballbat sock flame homer over the left- field fence . the countess be out on he foot . his eye be close . his leg wobble . he do a pathetic dance , like a drunken old fool try to boogie with a chorus girl . he topple forward and meet sissy 's onrush thumb of thunder which straighten he up , send he over backward . motionless , he lie on the floor , a crimson part in he thinning hair , a bright ooze at each nostril . int . hospital day seat on a spotless wooden bench be sissy , stare at a clock . a surgeon emerge . surgeon well , he 's not out of danger , but I think we can safely say he 's go to make it . I would be pretty surprised if he do not . however , there be evidence of injury to the frontal lobe , and I have reason to fear that this injury may be permanent . the patient may never again function as a normal human be . sissy Brain damage ? you mean he 's go to be a vegetable ? surgeon vegetable ? vegetable ? I would not say that , no . we will not ascertain the extent of the injury for some day . but there be a genuine possibility of severe and last behavioral defect . I would not classify it in the vegetable category , however . ext . STREET day sissy be hitching out of town . a conservative blue econoline van out of the throng of traffic draw itself to sissy as if on a string . sissy hop in . int . van day the driver stomp on the gas . with a sense of disgust at she own failure sissy scrutinize he sweaty brow , he smug hot leer , he starve eye . her heart sink when she see he gun and he knife . he be also unzipping he pants . driver I be go to give it to you like you have never have it before . oh , you do not know it could be this good . you be gonna like it . you be gonna like it . you be gonna like it so good . you be gonna love it so much you be gonna cry . you be gonna cry . you be gonna cry and cry . do you like to cry ? do you like it when it hurt a little bit ? whatever happen to you , it will be worth it . the way I be gonna give it to you , it will be worth anything . everything . go ahead and cry if you want to . I like it when woman cry . it mean they appreciate I . ext . STREET day the van pull over down a dead end alley between warehouse . int . van day sissy look into the back at a soile mattress . the driver be take he dick out of he pants . but with a swift swoosh , sissy 's leave thumb come down hard on the penis top , make the driver howl . his finger fumble for the gun trigger , but before he get to it , sissy 's thumb splat between he eye . twice . Three time . he lose control of the van . ext . van day it lumber into a street lamp . sissy leap from the vehicle and run . int . working man' luncheonette day sissy go in and begin to cry at the counter as she look at she thumb . ext . new jersey turnpike day into a sunset hitches sissy . ext . road night sissy hop into a semi . and road sign : trenton n.j. baltimore md WASHINGTON D.C. then richmond , VA ext . dr . dreyfus' house day a older Dr. dreyfus answer the door . without sissy 's ask he speak . dr . dreyfus I be afraid I can not help you . sissy but Doctor . dreyfus please , child , do not be dismay . we all have problem this day . but as the painter Van gogh say , ' Mystery remain , sorrow or melancholy remain , but the everlast negative be balanced by the positive work which thus be achieve , after all . ' I do not suppose that mean very much to you . I have retire . a victim of a malpractice suit . sissy ( embrace he ) oh , Doctor ! you have get to do it . you and nobody else should be allow to take away my gift . in she embrace , the Doctor be present with she thumb . dr . dreyfus ah , the thumb . later sit inside he study , dreyfus muse . dr . dreyfus the thumb the thumb the thumb the thumb the thumb the thumb . one of evolution 's most ingenious invention ; a build - in tool sensitive to texture , contour and temperature : a alchemical lever ; the secret key to technology ; the link between the mind and art ; a humanize device . the marmoset and the lemur be thumbless ; none of the New World monkey have opposable thumb ; the spider monkey 's thumb be absent or reduce to a tiny tubercle ; the thumb of the potto be set at a angle of one hundred eighty degree to the other digit . pause . dr . dreyfus and so you be demand at last the privilege of thumb that nature have perversely deny you ? sissy I just want to be normal , give I that old - fashioned normality . it be good enough for crazy horse and it 's good enough for I . dr . dreyfus ah , yes . very well , my dear . here be what we can do . view of sissy admit to a hospital blood analyze in a laboratory . powerful lamp turn on in a operate room . iv tube be insert in vein . sissy be wheeled into surgery . a anesthesiologist stick a needle into a curve and creamy ass . a anesthesiologist stick needle into a long , graceful neck . a nurse scrub a arm . a body and table be drape with sheet to create a sterile field . a tourniquet be place on a slender right arm . a elastic rubber bandage be apply so tightly it squeeze most of the blood out of a arm . a tourniquet be inflate . a surgeon outline in iodine a incision around the base of a thumb . pale smooth skin be incise along a premark line and dissect down to the bone . woman flesh be sewn shut with four- ought nylon suture . a tourniquet be deflate , a bloody arm bath . a young woman be roll into a recovery room . a nurse and two surgeon , they attention direct by a intensify pinkish glow , turn to stare into a metal pan , where a huge human thumb , disarticulated from the hand it have be severe from , be now flopping about like a trout , or rather , arching and thrust itself in a calculate and endlessly repeat gesture , the gesture of the hitchhike . ext . sky day two representative of the Fish and Wildlife service be fly over siwash Lake in a U.S. forestry service helicopter . they can see the whooping crane by the side of the lake . and as they be recording this , shot from a band of young woman on horseback drive they away . ext . rubber rose ranch day the same two agent be drive in a truck approach the rubber Rose ranch . two bullet ricochet spin off the hood and roof of they truck and they stop to see a lone teenage cowgirl with a rifle . ext . rubber rose gate day a entourage of Forest service ranger , a county sheriff , four deputy shriff , a state game warden and mottburg 's town marshall and several of he deputy , the editor of the mottburg gazette and a couple of bird watcher or two be meet by ... at least fifteen armed female at the gate of the ranch . through a bullhorn , jelly speak out at the entourage of law enforcement officer . jelly yep , the whooping crane be here all right . they be in fine shape , and as you musta see from you fuck whirly machine , unrestrained , free to go as they please . but this be private property and you be not lay a foot on it . none of you . sheriff we will be back with a court order and a fistful of search warrant . jelly just come back with a couple of people who know what they be do and we will let them in for a nice close look at the bird . delore and make sure at least one of they be female , and you better do as we say or there may be trouble . and over the airwave a announcement be broadcast . int . white house day the assistant interior undersecretary be speak into a microphone for the news , and read from a paper in he hand . undersecretary it will be my extreme pleasure to report to the President ... int . school auritorium student listen ... undersecretary ... who have be gravely concerned about the fate of we whooping crane .... ext . construction site day two construction worker high atop the city listen to a small transistor radio and eat lunch . undersecretary ... and to the Interior Secretary and to the american people that the entire flock of crane be , indeed , at ... ext . mall day a crowd of people listen to a broadcast in front of a bandstand set up in front of the mall . undersecretary voice ... siwash Lake and in apparently healthy condition . the crowd cheer . undersecretary voice .... the crane have build brood nest around the whole circumference of the small lake , and have ... ext . field day cowgirl be watch a small television . undersecretary .... hatched chick there . count the young bird , there be now approximately sixty crane in the flock . while this be good news , it be also quite bewilder ... ext . rubber rose ranch day a vehicle know as " the peyote wagon " pull out of the rubber Rose . delore del Ruby be at the wheel . and over she truck radio we hear : undersecretary ( v.o. ) ... whoop crane be territorially minded and have never be know to nest as close as a mile to one another , yet here they be virtually side by side . ext . hill day a lone FBI man see the peyote wagon leave the ranch through he binocular . int . car night sissy hear a broadcast over a move car radio . news reporter the rubber Rose ranch have issue a communiqué that be send to the federal judge and copy of a recording to the press , today . we can hear the voice of Bonanza jellybean : jelly ( over the radio ) the whooping crane have be driven to the edge of extinction by a aggressive , brutal paternalistic system intent on subduing the earth and establishing its dominion over all thing -- in the name of GOD the father , law , order and economic progress . sissy recognize the voice . sissy that 's jellybean ! jelly ( v.o. ) from men , the whooping crane have received neither love nor respect . men have drained the crane' marsh , stolen its egg , invaded its privacy , pollute its food , fouled its AIR , blown it apart with buckshot . int . ranch office jelly be on the telephone . jelly obviously , a paternalistic society doe not deserve anything as grand and beautiful and wild and free as the whooping crane . you men have faile in you duty to the crane . now it be women' turn . the crane be in our charge now . we will protect they as long as they still require protection -- int . hospital recovery room day sissy listen to the radio . jelly voice while working toward a day when the creature of the world no longer have to suffer man' egoism , insensitivity and greed . we refuse you order . we say take you order and shove it . this flock of bird be staying with US . get lost , mac . ext . road day sissy be hitchhike with she new thumb . but car pass one after another without stop . until sissy finally try she leave thumb , which have be spare the knife . with this thumb there be new maneuver to try out . and as soon as the do , a car stop . mosaic of hitchhike brilliance with sissy 's use of she leave thumb . a clock be ticking past twelve then on to six and past eight .... she dance wildly around traffic , stop the hardest of driver , the clock tick away and within thirty hour she be approach mottburg again . ext . rubber rose day the ranch be now surround by two hundred federal marshall reinforce by a dozen FBI agent with load gun take position outside the ranch . sissy get out of she car and walk past the posse and through the gate . kym carry a radio which be play " the Day - Old Apple strudel polka " across the corral . she carry the radio as if it be a suitcase full of skunk lice . kym man , this be the stupidest music I have ever hear . this radio should have stay in the privy where it belong . kym rope the radio to she saddle horn and prepare to give it a ride across the dakota hill . she get on she horse and ride by the ranch bungalow and spy sissy sit in the outhouse . sissy howdy . kym get off she horse and hug sissy . kym you know what you be get into if you come over to the lake ... sissy yes , but I want to be there . I want to see jellybean . I want to see the crane . they ride across the hill . then they stop at a outlook and sissy see the circular barricade in the field below . kym we hear on the radio that the judge have set delore 's bail at fifty thousand dollar . now she will not be here when we really need she . ext . camp day a few cowgirl in the camp huddle around a radio : radio news report the american Civil liberty Union have request a extension for the rubber Rose ranch . the government be aware of the inflame situation and be afraid that all the marshal and agent might be too willing to uncork the bottle of blood ... sissy ride into camp on the back of kym 's horse the way that John Wayne would have ride into the alamo ; Heather , Bonanza jellybean , Debbie , Elaine and Linda dance up to meet she . before sissy be completely on the ground , jelly 's tongue be in she mouth . she stumble out of a stirrup into a wiggly embrace . jelly let 's celebrate ! Debbie stoke up a big joint right now , as jelly get out she six gun and fire they in the air . Heather twirl and jump through she rope . the " unsung hero returns polka " strike up on the radio . Elaine rear up on she horse . ext . hillside day from afar , a FBI agent view the little go on . agent ai not that just like woman . but as the agent be say this , view they from the ridge , a large rock tumble down the hill and graze he head , knock he out . view of the side of the ridge from where the rock come , but there be strangely nothing where we expect to see the chink . below : the cowgirl . jelly look like every time we get together thing be in a mess . sissy so be it . it look serious this time , though . all this gun ... be you actually prepare to kill and die for whooping crane ? jelly Hell no , the crane be wonderful , okay , but I be not in this for whooping crane . I be in it for cowgirl . if we cowgirl give in to authority on this crane issue , then cowgirl become just another compromise . I want a finer fate than that -- for I and for every other cowgirl . better no cowgirl at all than cowgirl compromise . sissy how do this business get start , anyhow ? why be the bird nest here ? debbie you be aware that we be feed they , be not you ? we feed they brown rice and they stay over a couple of extra day . then we decide to try something different . we mix we brown rice with fishmeal -- whooper love seafood , and fishmeal be cheap . then delore suggest another ingredient , and we think that 's what do the trick . sissy you mean ... debbie and jelly together peyote ! sissy they be drugge . jelly aw , come off it , sissy . what do you mean , ' drugge ' ? every live thing be a chemical composition and anything that be add to it change that composition . when you eat a cheeseburger or a Three musketeer bar , it change you body chemistry . the kind of food you eat , the kind of air you breathe , can change you mental state . do that mean you be ' drugge ' ? sissy frame the flock with the hole in the center of she cheese sandwich . sissy no , I guess not . jelly ' drugged ' be a stupid word . sissy but the peyote be obviously affect they brain . it 's make they break a migratory pattern that go back thousand of year . debbie the way I see it , be that the peyote mellow they out . make they less uptight . they be afraid of bad weather and human . that 's why they migrate and keep to themselves . but the peyote have enlighten they . it 's teach they there be nothing to fear but fear itself . now they be digging life and let the bad vibe slide on . do not worry , be happy . be here now . sissy fear in wild animal be completely different from paranoia in people . in the wilderness ecosystem , fear be natural and necessary . it 's merely a mechanism for maintain life . if the crane have not have a capacity for fear , they would have disappear long ago and you would be have to get load with common old everyday meadowlark and mallard . jelly this here discussion be destine to become academic . because we have get less than half a bag of peyote button leave and delore 's run end up in the mottburg jail . so any day now we will get a chance to see how the whooper behave when they come down , to see if the peyote experience really change they or not . but in the meantime , I want to say this about fear ..... then sissy and jelly hear a news broadcast on the radio . announcer judge Greenfield , at the request of the aclu , have grant a forty - eight - hour extension of the deadline by which the rubber Rose cowgirl must comply with he order . negotions between the cowgirl and the government be expect to follow . another item in , the forewoman of the rubber Rose ranch , a delore del Ruby be now free on bond after have be arrest in mottburg with more than fifty pound of peyote button . her bail have be pay by the owner of the besiege ranch , countess product , Inc . miss del Ruby 's bail have come from the tycoon 's personal advisor , a certain Dr. robbin of New York City . sissy Dr. robbin ? ext . prairie night sissy and jelly lie under the same star , under the same blanket . under the same spell . jelly every time I tell you that I love you , you flinch . but that 's you problem . sissy if I flinch when you say you love I , it 's both we problem . my confusion become you confusion . student confuse teacher , patient confuse psychiatrist , lover with confuse heart confuse lover with clear heart .... ext . campfire night delore and some of the other cowgirl be talk . a sharp wind be beginning to gust . delore it be not for ourselves that we take this stand . it be not for cowgirl . it 's for all the daughter everywhere . this be a extremely important confrontation . this be womankind 's chance to prove to she enemy that she 's willing to fight and die . if we woman do not show here and now that we be not afraid to fight and die , then we enemy will never take we seriously . Men will always know that , no matter how strong we word and determine we deed , there 's a point where we will back down and give they they way . delore crack she whip then parade around the campfire . delore I be prepare to win ! Victory for every female , live or dead , who 's suffer the temporary defeat of masculine insensitivity to they inner life ! a few of the cowgirl cheer . donna I will fight the bastard . Big Red open a can of bean with a bowie knife . big red I will fight them with bean gas , if necessary . delore snap she whip again . delore the sun 's go down . let 's that of we not stand watch get some sleep . in the morning we will plan we fight . tomorrow afternoon that of you who would like can join I in the reed , where the crane and I will be share the last crumb leave in the peyote sack . ext . siwash lake day delore del Ruby appear from the reed at siwash Lake 's edge , asleep yet awake . she have sink so deep into the hole in she mind that gale and dust could not follow she . as she approach the cowgirl camp , they gather around her in a tight circle . many be transfixed as they listen . delore it be woman 's mission to destroy as well as to give birth . we will destroy the tyranny of the dull . but we can not destroy it with gun . or whip . violence be the dullard 's Breakfast of champion and the logical end product of he or she misplace pride . violence fertilize that which we would starve . no , we will destroy the enemy in other way . the peyote mother have promise a fourth vision . but it will not come to I alone . it will come to each of you , to every cowgirl in the land , when you have overcome that in you own self which be dull . the fourth vision will come to some man too . you will recognize they when you meet they , and be they steady sidekick in equal and ecstatic escapade of poetic behavior and romance . delore hold up a card . the prairie moon illuminate its tatter edge . it be the jack of heart . the forewoman seem to be tiring . fume of weariness stream from she black hair . her voice be lean against the wall of she larynx when she say : delore first thing , you must end this business with the government and the crane . it 's be positive and fruitful , but it 's go far enough . playfulness cease to serve a serious purpose when it take itself too seriously . sorry I will not be with you at the conclusion . as you know , I have be sick and stupid for a long time . I have a lot to make up for , a lot to accomplish , and there 's someone important that I have get to see . now . as graceful as a ballet for cobras , delore turn and walk away into the night . ext . ranch gate day the FBI , other vigilante and policemen wait in anticipation of a attack outside of the boundary of the ranch . ext . the cowgirl compound day jelly be address the group of cowgirl . jelly well , what we get to do be one of we have get to go up that hill and tell they boy that America can have its whooping crane back . since I be the boss here , and since I be responsible for a lot of you choose to be cowgirl in the first place , it 's gonna be I that go ... small protest from the circle of cowgirl . jelly no but about it . it 's get lighter by the second . you podner keep you head down . ta to . the cutest cowgirl in the world stand up and stretch out . cowgirl jelly ! please ! but jelly be already on she way . bonanza jellybean vault over the carcass of a reduce machine and plant she tony lama boot in the stirrup of she saddle and straddle she horse and take off . ext . compound day the posse surround the ranch , can see jelly come over the hill on she horse at a full gallop . ext . hill day jelly stop she horse , look down at she waist , and see she sixguns . jelly better get rid of this . might give that greenhorn dude a fright . through the scope of a FBI rifle , jelly be draw she gun out of she holster . agent she 's go to fire .... he squeeze the trigger , and jelly be catch in the stomach with a bullet . she fall off she horse to the ground . the chink see Bonanza jellybean cut down from a vantage point on the hill , and make a beeline for the government barricade , shout . the cowgirl scream and cry , and grab they weapon . a couple of they leap from the barricade and be immediately riddled . ext . hill day the six - gun slip from she finger . twenty or thirty more sweaty triggers be squeeze on the hilltop fire at Bonanza jellybean . the chink running and shout . ext . cowgirl camp day a voice over the bullhorn direct at the cowgirl echoe : voice you have get two minute to come out with you hand over you head ! random g-men be sniping at the cowgirl , make it impossible to surrender . a stray bullet send the chink back down the hillside , beard , robe and sandal fly . in the hush that follow , in the echoe of the explosive fire , the whooping crane flock rise in one grand assault of beat feather - a lily white storm of life , a gush of albino gabriel -- swarm into the wait sky , and circle the pond one time before flap south toward Texas ... ... they cast shadow over a dead jellybean who be literally bite the dust . sissy lift jelly out of the dust and hold she . sissy lift jelly 's satin shirt tail and pull down the waistband of she skirt . Bright red blood be run out of she scar . jelly right in the scar where I fall on a wooden horse when I be twelve . haw , I be not really shot with a silver bullet . confess to sissy . jelly or be I ? ext . new york sky the crane fly over the statue of Liberty . ext . parisian sky the crane fly over the eiffel tower . ext . russian sky the crane fly over Red Square . int . morgue day a undertaker pound five nail into a white coffin . on the top of the coffin be engrave two cross gold sixguns . there be eleven famous cowgirl enamele on the edge and in the middle it read : bonanza jellybean 1944-1973 " ha ha ho ho and hee hee " title card : the brown paper bag . a brown paper bag be sit on the side of the road . a voice the brown paper bag be the only thing civilized man have produce that do not seem out of place in nature . crumple into a wad of wrinkle , like the fossilize brain of a dryad ; its kinship to tree ( to knot and nest ) unobscure by the cruel crush of industry ; absorb the element like any other organic entity ; blend with rock and vegetation as if it be a burrow owl 's door mat or a jack rabbit 's underwear , a no. 8 kraft paper bag lay discard in the hill of dakota and appear to live where it lay . once long ago , it have borne a package of bun and a jar of mustard to a kitchenette rendezvous with a fry hamburger . more recently , the bag have hold ........ love letter . View of a bunkhouse trunk . voice as a hole in a oak hide a squirrel 's family jewel , the bag have hide love letter in the bottom of a bunkhouse trunk . hand lift the content of the trunk away , rope , spur , and blanket and find the hide sack of letter . voice then one day after work , the button - nose little cowgirl to whom the letter be address gather bag and content under she arm , slip out to the corral ... we see the cowgirl saddle she horse late in the day . voice ... past ranch hand pitching horseshoe and ranch hand fly tibetan kite , saddle up and trotted into the hill . we see the cowgirl riding along a ridge . voice a mile or so from the bunkhouse , she dismounted and build a small fire ; she feed the fire letter . and this we see also , the lonely cowgirl feed the letter to a fire in the dusky early night . we can see the cowgirl be sissy hankshaw . voice ... one by one , the way she girl friend have once feed she french fries . she be cry now and feed the fire , close of word like " always " and " forever " burn up . voice as word such as sweetheart " and " honey britches " and " forever " and " always " burn away , the cowgirl squirt a few tear . her eye be so misty she forget to burn the bag . int . bunkhouse night sissy be sobbing . Big Red offer a piece of homemade fudge and show no surprise when sissy refuse it . kym kiss the lip quickly of the despondent cowgirl , and the bunkhouse light go out . delore plunk a carefree song on a old Gibson , look up at the moon . delore you know , podner , you can tune a guitar but you can not tuna fish . she plunk a few note . delore God , but it 's good to be a cowgirl . and the bunkhouse light be turn off . there be some giggle from the cowgirl . int . MAIN bedroom ranch day the chink wake up and be be care for by sissy . he be in pain , but winking . sissy be everything get worse ? chink yes , everything be get worse . but everything be also get better . sissy the countess have come to we aid . the rubber Rose ranch be officially deed to all the cowgirl . and I have be ask to oversee the ranch . for $ 300 a week . and as it turn out , the countess be not go to be the vegetable the doctor think he be ... here 's a picture ! sissy show a picture of the countess recover in a hospital bed , pose next to Doctor robbin . chink I want to go back to the clock people . I kind of miss that fool redskin and wonder what they be up to . what 's happen to jelly ? sissy she have a one way -ticket to Kansas City . chink you mean she 's dead ? the chink mourn a bit . sissy but that 's a old story now ...... I can not believe that you would leave the butte . chink easy come , easy go . delore wow , you sure have a way with word . the chink look over and see that delore be stand in the doorway . chink I can not help it if I grow up in a antipoetic culture . Language will be different when I be with the clock people though . they be from a oral tradition . and I be not talk about what you horny hop toad do in bed every night . the chink smile . delore blushes . sissy well , if the clock people give you any inside information on the end of the world , drop we a postcard . chink the world be not go to end , you dummy ; I hope you know that much . ( he grow uncharacteristically serious ) but it be go to change . it 's go to change drastically , and probably in you lifetime . the clock people see calamitous earthquake as the agent of change , and they may be right , since there be a hundred thousand earthquake a year and major one be long overdue . but there be far worse catastrophes come ... unless the human race can bring itself to abandon the goal and value of civilization , in other word , unless it can break the consumption habit -- and we be so condition to consume as a way of life that for most of we life would have no meaning without the yearning and reward of progressive consumption . it be not merely that we bad habit will cause global catastrophes , but that we operative political - economic philosophy have we in such a blind crab grip that they prevent we from prepare for the natural disaster that be not we fault . so the apocalyptic shit be go to hit the fan , all right , but there will be some of we it will miss . Little pocket of humanity . like the clock people . like you two honey , if you decide to accept my offer of a lease on siwash cave . there 's almost no worldwide calamity -- famine , nuclear accident , plague , weather warfare or reduction of the ozone shield -- that you could not survive in that cave . he begin to caress sissy 's belly . his eye be smile . sissy be surprised . chink suppose that you bear five or six child with you characteristic . all in siwash cave . in a postcatastrophe world , you offspring would of necessity intermarry , form in time a tribe . a tribe every member of which have giant thumb . a tribe of Big thumb would relate to the environment in very special way . it could not use weapon or produce sophisticated tool . it would have to rely on its wit and its sense . it would have to live with animal -- and plant ! -- as virtual equal . it 's extremely pleasant to I to think about a tribe of physical eccentrics live peacefully with animal and plant , learn they language , perhaps , and pay they the respect they deserve . sissy how be I go to be the progenitor of a tribe when I be live on a isolate ridgetop with delore ? chink that 's you problem . the chink cough . chink listen to the way I be babbling . that bullet must have loosen one of my transistor . do not pay any attention to I . you have get to work it out for yourself . the westbound choo-choo leave mottburg at one - forty . I want to be on it . will you drive I to the station ? int . truck day sissy and delore be drive the chink out the front gate of the rubber Rose . chink schedule ! ironic how I have to follow timetable in order to get back to the clockwork . he yell out the window of the move vehicle . chink do not ever bet against paradox , lady ... ext . the rubber rose gate we hear the chink yell , and the rubber Rose sign be be change to one that read El rancho jellybean . chink .... if complexity do not beat you , then paradox will . ha ha ho ho and hee hee ..... and the truck disappear into the prairie land . a long dark pause , until finally we be inside the cave where the chink 's clockwork be at work ..... poing ! it be reveal that sissy be with delore snug in the old hermit 's live quarter . she listen to the clinking of the chink 's clockwork . and feel she belly . the swell of she belly have force she to sleep on she back . close view of sissy 's belly , and a little foot kick from inside . or be it a foot ? view inside the belly of sissy 's unborn baby . it be half - japanese , one thirty - second siwash and all thumb . the move thumb be hitchhike you ..... the end