Rev. 08/31/93 ( pink ) Rev. 11/15/93 ( Blue ) maverick a western by William Goldman no portion of this script may be perform , reproduce , or use by any mean , or quote or publish in any medium without the prior write consent of Warner bros . final draft garthorpe inc . in association with : warner bros . 4000 Warner boulevard burbank , California 91522 August 18 , 1993 © 1993 warner bros . all rights reserved credit come quickly . no flourish , just name . and what do we hear ? this song : the theme from the television series . who be the tall dark stranger there ? maverick be the name . riding the trail to who know where . luck be he companion . gambling be he game . smooth as the handle of a gun , maverick be the name . wild as the wind in oregon . flowing up a canyon , easier to tame . riverboat ring you bell . faretheewell , annabelle , lucky be the lady that he love the best . natchez to new orlean livin ' on jack and queen , maverick be a legend of the west . as the song finishes --- credit come to a end . and the movie begin ... fade in on : 1 ext . desolate landscape - hanging tree - day rock . cactus . 1 the occasional tree . not a place you would like to spend you summer vacation . now there be sound : a whipping wind begin to get louder . and in the distance , but growing : thunder . camera start to move - slowly , inexorably , across this dead place --- suddenly it stop . we be in a sergio leone tight closeup of just a hideouslooking man . one eye look straight ahead . the other wander . camera move again . the wind be really kick up --- suddenly , another stop . another leone closeup . a second man . this guy make the first one look handsome . both he eye work , which be a improvement . but he neck have be horribly burn as if from a noose . camera be moving again . louder thunder . a storm be come fast . camera stop . we be looking at the least appetizing of the three . that he 's scar , not that all he part be not in proper work order -- it 's just that he 's so damn frightening . not not to mention huge . this be the angel and like the other two , he be seat on a horse . and he be stare intently at something . from the angel -- we go to ... bret maverick for this be who the trio be look at . ( continued ) 2 . 1 continued : 1 maverick 's 30 , give or take . enormously appeal . whether that 's because of he considerable physical skill or he sunny personality , who know . it might be he quiet wit . in any case , we be look at a handsome young man that everybody like --- oop --- make that almost everybody . because just now he be seat on a horse beneath a tree and a thick hope have be tie around he neck , the rope throw over a branch . his hand have be tie behind he back . we be about to watch a hang . his. the angel ( riding closer ) I almost get hang myself once , do not much care for it , how about you ? ( as maverick say nothing ) we be gonna leave now , but I be worried about you well - be . maverick just stare at he , make no reply . the angel he gesture for the other two to ride , and they take off . the angel see , I do not think it 's a good thing for a man to be alone out here . you mind can do cruel thing . and now he take a burlap sack , toss it toward maverick . it land nearby . the angel enjoy the company . he spur he horse , ride away . maverick manage to turn he head in the direction the angel take . ( continued ) 3 . 1 continued : ( 2 ) 1 the angel and other two disappear over a nearby hill . 2 ext . sky - day the sky . 3 2 Storm cloud convene . ext . hanging tree - day 3 maverick . he take a deep breath , try to wriggle free of the knotted rope around he neck . no luck . make that bad luck . the horse have be surprised by he movement , take a half step . maverick freeze . horse it relax , settles down . 4 ext . sky - day 4 the sky , and a thunderclap . 5 ext . hanging tree - day maverick , stare at he horse . 5 the noise be loud . either the horse be deaf or it like thunder . budge a inch . do not maverick start to try and work he neck free again . this time the horse do not move at all . maverick sigh with relief , glance around . burlap sack it be start to wriggle . ( continued ) 4 . 5 continued : 5 maverick he hold he breath . horse it have not spot the sack yet . sack wriggle more . not to spot it . pretty soon it 's go to be hard maverick caution to the wind now , try desperately to somehow get free of the noose --- and miraculously , he 's start to make a little headway . horse calm . nothing fluster this animal . maverick even more headway -- he 's in pain but he ignore it . 6 ext . sky - day the sky . 7 more thunder . ext . hanging tree - day the horse . 8 6 7 stand still . ext . sky - day 8 the cloud be darker . 9 ext . hanging tree - day the horse . 9 it could be a statue . maverick one eye on the sack as he continue to work to free he neck . now - sack as a rattlesnake peek out . ( continued ) maverick - Rev. 11/15/93 9 5 . continued : 9 maverick Jesus . horse oblivious . sack half -a-dozen rattler be move out of the sack now . Close by . some of they be big , some of they be very big . all of they have fang . maverick struggle harder than ever , and he 's actually make more headway . it 's exhaust labor . as he continue he fight for life - maverick ( v.o . ) it have be just a shitty week for I from the beginning . now , from that - 9a flashback - ext . road - long lens - afternoon 9 a a lone rider ride through dusty area up and down dip in the road . it be maverick . he ride a mule . angel follow and then coop follow . 9b ext . dusty canyon - afternoon * * 9 B maverick ride he mule along dusty trail ; as we pan with he a wagon train travel in opposite direction ; kid play poker in the f.g. -- one smoke a corn cob pipe ; we continue pan with maverick and reveal the town of Crystal River , a ferry come across the river in the b.g. maverick ( v.o. ) I be head into Crystal River to take some money from the bank . probably I should have expect bad luck on the horizon when my horse get steal and I have to replace it with something less than a thoroughbre . 10 ext . crystal river - afternoon 10 Crystal River . not much of a place . dusty . one main street -- and almost every storefront indicate that it be either a saloon or a gambling hall . ( continued ) maverick - Rev. 11/15/93 10 6 . continued : * 10 just now the stagecoach come off the ferry and drive through town kick up dust . 10a ext . crystal river - afternoon 10 a maverick , riding into town from the other direction , as the dust whip up . he 's wear different clothes than in the hang scene . maverick ( v.o. ) my luck have to change fast -- the poker game of the century be start in St. Louis in just ten day , and I be still short three thousand for the entrance fee . 10b omitted ( stable scene move to 11b ) 10 B 11 ext . bank - afternoon 11 maverick ride toward the bank , stop . indicate " close ' till Morning . " a sign in front 11a none 11a 11b ext . stable - afternoon 11b a stable as maverick dismount , do he best to beat some dust from he riding clothes . he grab he saddlebag as a stable boy hurry up . maverick ( indicate the mule ) how much ? stable boy by the day , week or month ? maverick no - no -- not how much to take care of he , how much to just take he . permanently . stable boy pa . the man want to sell the burro . PA that burro 's not worth a cent . ( continued ) maverick - Rev. 11/15/93 11b 6a . * continued : 11b maverick you just make yourself a fine deal . ( they shake ) how ' bout the saddle ? PA five dollar . maverick five dollar . Nice do business with you . thank you . he do not eat much . he 's a regular jackass ... hee ... haw ... hee ... haw . always like to be call Arthur . he open the door . he bump into angel . they look at each other . maverick exit and angel look and move inside . CUT to : 12 ext . crystal palace - afternoon 12 the biggest establishment in town . this place actually have a second floor and advertise room as well as vice . 13 int . crystal palace - staircase - afternoon 13 maverick be start up the stair when the registration clerk hurry over from he desk . clerk you get a wire , want I to read it to you ? maverick ( reach for it ) no. clerk ( read ) it just say , ' watch you back . ' ( beat ) no signature . ( hand it over ) here . maverick take it , glance at it , head upstairs . 13a ext . crystal river - sunset the town and river look beautiful as the sun be go down . 13a 7 . 14 int . crystal palace - dusk 14 the place be busy enough , the bar do a brisk business . a poker game be in session . half a dozen play . a cattlehand , a preacher , a small - time local businessman . but it 's the other three we pay most attention to . first be a very young man . late teens , look less . thin. small . a hundred and thirty pound after a big meal . this be the kid . seem ordinary . next to he sit , of all thing , a woman . but not ordinary , certainly not in this surroundings . she 's elegantly - dress , close to be beautiful . she 's marry , have a deep Southern accent , and have not be poor for a long time . maybe she 's thirty . she seem a rotten poker player , but a wonderful flirt . this be annabelle bransford . next to she sit the angel . we meet he already -- he toss the burlap bag of rattlesnake at maverick just before the hang . huge , powerful , not much make he smile , except win at card . there be a empty seat at the table . staircase as maverick descend . if before he be grimy from travel , he be not anymore . he wear a black hat , a black jacket , a black string tie --- and just the most beautiful white lace shirt you ever see . poker game as maverick approach . maverick ( indicate the empty chair ) taken ? annabelle ( lilt Southern accent ) it be now . ( smile at he ) my name be annabelle bransford . and what do people call you ? maverick bret maverick , mar be . and as he start to sit -( continued ) 8 . 14 continued : 14 the angel glaring at maverick . he will hang maverick . ( we know that within a week , but they have not meet before . ) the angel I like the game the way it be . maverick I bring all kind of pluss to the table . I hardly ever bluff and I never ever cheat . the angel I do not believe it . maverick neither do i. the angel ( voice rise , not in pitch , but intensity ) I like the game just the way it be . maverick Bet I can change you mind . ( beat ) I promise to lose for at least a hour . the angel ( without a pause ) we be play five card draw . as maverick sit -maverick lose a hand to the angel . the angel smile -- -- but so do maverick . maverick lose again , this time to annabelle . she 's happy -- -- but again , so be maverick . and now we begin a series of very quick cut . of the kid , hold he card . tightly . ( continued ) 9 . 14 continued : ( 2 ) 14 of the cattleman casually make a bet . very casually . of maverick , who do not seem to be pay much attention . he lose again , smile . now the preacher be stare at he card before betting . for a long beat . and the cattleman be fiddling with he chip . the chip in front of the angel be sloppy . the chip in front of annabelle be neatly stack . she flick she fingernails against she front tooth , make a bet . the businessman be toy with he necktie . the angel be hold he card , move the top to the bottom , then repeat , the top to the bottom . and maverick lose again , smile again , just happy to be there . annabelle be suddenly helpless , giggle , stare at what she 's be deal . the angel be smile happily . he rake in a pot . the businessman 's finger be tapping on the table . the kid 's hand cover he mouth . the angel be bored , look neither at the other player or the pot . annabelle bet big and win -- maybe she 's not such a rotten poker player after all . maverick toss in he card . another loss . he smile , glance at the clock on the wall -- a hour and a half have go by . 14a ext . crystal river - twilight 14a it be get dark . fewer people move about . a lamplighter be at work ; carriage pass with lantern light . 14b int . crystal palace - twilight 14b the table . maverick and the kid be the last two in the game . the kid turn he card over . ( continued ) 10 . 14b continued : 14b two pair , ace over queen . maverick have three six . he look at he win hand almost in surprise . it 's a good size pot he 's win . as he reach for it . the kid ( mumble something ) do not think ... the rest be unintelligible . maverick do not get you . the kid I say I do not think that hand should count . maverick you get any logical reason go for you ? the kid my mind be not on the game . his voice be always soft . closeup - the kid he stare at maverick and something be suddenly clear : his eye be deadly . maverick hesitate now . maverick what 's you name , son ? the kid johnny hardin . maverick and what do you do for a live ? the kid oh , mostly I kill people . gunfighter . I be a maverick since you be still alive , I have to assume you be good at it . the kid Care to find out ? ( continued ) 11 . 14b continued : ( 2 ) 14b maverick ( a beat -- then ) this hand definitely do not count . ( indicate chip ) take whatever you think 's yours , I will be content with the leaving . as the kid do - annabelle a quick look of disappointment cross she face . the angel a look of contempt cross he . the angel you always be gutless ? maverick ( think a minute - then nod ) I think so . at least for as long as I can remember . my pappy always say , ' he who fight and run away , can run away another day . ' ( now he stand - like every other man in the room , he wear a six gun ) here 's the truth -- I do not see what 's so great about be brave . pull back he black jacket , clear he gun . kid watch . his hand begin to move to he gun . annabelle this be not a nice place . table all watch maverick now . ( continued ) 12 . 14b continued : ( 3 ) 14b maverick ( chat idly away ) see , you be a gunfighter and I be not , I like to play card , so the fact be , if I would face you down , what chance would I have have ? answer ? Zero . maverick suddenly he draw -- and it 's lightning -- you never see anyone so fast . the kid stun . maverick his voice casual . maverick no chance whatsoever . and now he expertly twirl he gun back into its holster . annabelle lean toward the kid . annabelle be that fast ? ( as the kid manage a nod ) I think it be fast . maverick sit back down at the table again . this have all go quickly and quietly . now he look at the kid . maverick May I suggest that from now on you keep you mind on the game ? the kid yes . yessir . maverick my deal ? * ( continued ) 13 . 14b continued : ( 4 ) 14b the angel not remotely afraid of maverick . the angel you say you like to play card ? maverick passionately . the angel how come , when you lose all the time ? maverick oh , I do not lose all the time - just the first hour or so . I like for people to be happy . the angel what happen after that ? maverick probably I will win all you money . the angel be not you a little overconfident ? maverick no. I have just be here before . poker game beginning again and again , we see a series of very quick cut . in fact , we see many of the same cut we see before - only this time , maverick do not lose , he win . the kid hold he card tightly . too tightly . he make a bet . maverick double it . the kid fold . he be bluff . the cattleman casually make a bet . very casually . maverick double it . another bluff . maverick win again . annabelle be suddenly helpless , giggle . maverick fold . the other bet. be not bluff . annabelle win -- she the angel be guard he card with both huge hand . he make a big bet . maverick make a bigger one . the angel fold . angrily . he be bluff . ( continued ) 14 . 14b continued : ( 5 ) 14b the businessman be play with he tie . he bet . maverick make a big raise . the businessman call . both have good hand . but maverick 's be better . they the angel be bored , make a bet look at neither the other player nor the pot . maverick make a big bet . the angel throw he card down , he anger building as he be catch in another bluff . clock time be pass . poker game maverick have clean out everybody but the angel . the angel hesitates , move the top card to the bottom , do it again , move the top card to the bottom --- now he make a bet . now maverick make a bet . a huge bet . the angel scowling , stare . maverick nothing show on he face . he just wait . then -- the angel he want to bet but you can tell it in he eye -- he 's scared he 's not strong enough . maverick the other be watch . annabelle smile at he . politely touch the rim of he hat . he the angel he hurl he card to the table . maverick win . maverick put he card face down , start to collect the pot . the angel suddenly reach out , grab maverick 's card , turn they over -( continued ) 15 . 14b continued : ( 6 ) 14b maverick card he have shit . not even a pair . this time he be bluff . the angel on he foot with a roar - the angel you say you never bluff ! maverick ( very calm , collect the pot ) no , I say I never cheat , and I do not . I also say I hardly ever bluff . this be one of the ' hardlys . ' the angel you cheat the whole goddam game . maverick what do you think I be do that first hour ? learn you ' tell , ' that 's all . once I could read you hand , once I could read you -( shrug ) -- thing just kind of work out . the angel I just call you a ' cheat . ' maverick you also call I gutless . figure you be teasing -- I the angel blind mad . he reach he huge arm across , start to grab maverick . * 15 int . crystal palace - night 15 four unshaven big men burst through the front door of the place , the lead guy have he gun draw - lead guy ( to the angel ) get away from he -- we get he first -( continued ) 16 . 15 continued : 15 maverick and he 's not so casual now . his eye flick around , look for a place to move . four unshaven big men Three of they fan out behind the lead guy , block anyplace maverick might go . lead guy I spot ya through the window and it make I believe in the almighty . maverick you fella be drink , you play bad , whose fault be that ? lead guy your , bastard -- everything be you fault . ( beat ) but it 's we time come now . they advance . maverick suddenly vaulting the card table , head for the swinging front door - four guy and for just a moment they be surprised . maverick take advantage of the moment , sprinting away and - four realize now , turn , start after he and - maverick blast through the swinging door and outside and - the angel and annabelle out onto the saloon 's porch to watch . four guy bolt from the bar and as they leave - CUT to : maverick - Rev. 11/15/93 16 17 . ext . crystal river - MAIN STREET - maverick - night 16 outside , racing away --- and then he do a surprising thing : he stop . the angel and annabelle and the other rivite . four guy outside -- they stop too . maverick he turn now , turn to face they . the angel and other watch as the four guy stare at maverick , wary , ready for anything . maverick maverick hey , son . take this . if they get to whooping I , just shoot I . take care of this and make sure it do not get dirty . and now he do something else surprising . he take off he gun belt and he coat and give they to the boy . * * * * * * four guy Three of they look to the lead guy . he gun belt too . he hesitates , drop the angel watch . * and now the four Men begin to move slowly toward maverick . maverick four of they and all of they dangerous , four of they come closer in the night . and now he do the most surprising thing of all : he charge they . ( continued ) maverick - Rev. 11/15/93 16 17a . continued : 16 four guy - the lead guy * crack whip . * lead guy you gamblin ' scum . I be gonna cut you up . they be surprised and then -- * * * * maverick as he just explode -( continued ) 18 . 16 continued : 16 -- because if he be fast when he draw he gun , he 's faster in a fight -- faster and fearless and as he wade in - annabelle watch . eye bright . the angel watch , stunne at what he 's see out there in the night , and - maverick spin , throw a elbow into the gut of the nearest big man . the blow connect perfectly and the guy start to double over , he knee weak , and he fall . second big man swinging viciously and he know how to use he fist --- but he 's slow , too slow . maverick ducking the blow , come up with a punch of he own that land on the side of the jaw and the guy stagger back and down . the kid watch and probably he 's never see anything like this , one guy attack four . the angel and for just a moment now , as he stare out almost in disbelief , there 's something new behind he eye : fear. maverick leave he foot , kick out with both leg at the third guy , crunching he in the chest , send he careen back , cartwheel to earth . lead guy diving at maverick from behind , and for a moment he 's get he , he arm tight around maverick . ( continued ) maverick - Rev. 11/15/93 16 continued : 19 . ( 2 ) 16 maverick and the instant this happen , he let he body go totally limp so the lead guy be leave have to hold he up , and he have not expect this and as maverick sag - lead guy stunne as suddenly maverick stiffen , toss the lead guy over he head and through the air where he land , hard . maverick move back on the first guy , the one he cream the air out of and as he approach , the first guy turn , run . lead guy on he foot run too . * maverick watch as all four take off into the night . maverick pick up he gun belt , strap it on as he head back toward the frontier . 17 int . crystal palace - maverick - night 17 enter . he seem remarkably calm , consider what he 's just do . breathe heavily , sure , a little dusty , absolutely , but no more . annabelle hurry to he . annabelle that be the most amazing thing . maverick ( shrug ) sometimes you get lucky be all . and as he walk forward - mirror as he pass . maverick a glance --- and then he stop dead -( continued ) 20 . 17 * continued : 17 -- now he move forward --- he touch he beautiful ruffle lace shirt --- no question about it , it 's dirty from the fight . closeup - maverick a look of blind fury be there . the angel watch , as maverick storm toward he . maverick all right -- my shirt 's damage , what the hell else bad can happen ? -( point to the angel ) -- you be say something ? the angel ( pacify ) -- nothing , nothing , be not important - annabelle ( think back ) -- do not you call he a gutless coward ? -- I be pretty sure that be it . the angel ( sweat ) -- never say such a thing - gutless cheat , yes , but I would never call a man a coward -( hopefully ) -- and I be teasing . maverick study the bigger man for a moment . amiably -- then , maverick ( as he sit ) let 's play poker . 18 ext./ int . crystal palace - maverick room & balcony night 18 maverick in he room , still in he gambling attire . he be finish count he considerable cash winning as a knock come on he door . ( continued ) maverick - Rev. 11/15/93 18 21. continued : 18 he fold the cash into he jacket pocket , move to the door . maverick who be it ? annabelle ( o.s. ) annabelle bransford . * door as he open it and there she be , stun as ever , stand in the hallway . she look up at he nervously . you can almost feel she Southern heart pound . annabelle I ... I should not be do this . maverick you be just stand in the hallway , Mrs. bransford -- I think that 's still legal in this state . annabelle move quickly into he room . she close the door . annabelle if only I be not marry - and with that she go into he arm , kiss he passionately -- as they break . annabelle -- I could not help myself . my very be cry out for I to hold you . * maverick stop by anytime . closeup - annabelle eye so bright . annabelle we will likely never see each other again so it 's safe for I to tell you -- you be the most blindingly attractive man I have ever see . ( she cheek brushes he ) and now good - bye . she take a step toward the door . ( continued ) * maverick - Rev. 11/15/93 18 continued : 22. ( 2 ) 18 maverick he be a healthy young man and this be a woman of passion and beauty . he reach out , gently take she hand , speak soft , he voice husky . maverick ... annabelle ...? annabelle all but tremble . there be a long pause . then -- maverick he kiss she forehead . maverick how can I go on without my wallet ? ... if you do not give I back my money , I will have you ass throw in jail . Hand it over . * * annabelle shock . hurt . maverick he snap he finger sharply . he be not kid around . annabelle as she realize this . annabelle damn . and with that , she take the wallet she 's heist from he coat , slap it angrily into he hand . he put it back into he pocket . maverick do not get mad at I -- I can not help it you be a miserable thief . annabelle I be a good thief , mister -- I be just have a run of bad luck . ( continued ) * * maverick - Rev. 11/15/93 18 continued : 23. ( 3 ) * 18 maverick I know about that -( study she ) -- where you from ? you accent could use a little work too . annabelle ( still use the accent ) most man enjoy my southern accent . maverick I love it . and there be not a mister bransford , be there ? annabelle no there be not . and never will be , thank you very much . ( look at he ) what happen now ? ( as he shrug ) you be not go to turn I in ? maverick I should , I be a law abide citizen , but what the hell . I get my money back . let 's call it square . annabelle you be go to let I go ? maverick I be just have mercy on the sheriff , be all . annabelle ( crossing to the door and slamm it as he nod , a beat ) damn . maverick what ? annabelle you -- you irritate I -- you be just so ... ( look for the word ) ... likeable . maverick I will work on that . ( continued ) maverick - Rev. 11/15/93 18 continued : 24 . ( 4 ) * 18 annabelle there you go do it again . be likeable . you know what I think ? -- if we would meet under different circumstance , we would have just hate each other . there be not Mrs. maverick , be there ? maverick I be sure I would have remember . annabelle I can be likeable too . ( quickly now , she come into he arm ) I wish we would never meet . good-bye . see ? maverick good-bye . a quick embrace , a kiss on the cheek . go to the door . they separate . she maverick touched . alone now , he reach into he pocket for he money , it be not there --- she 's rob he again - maverick son-of -a-bitch . -- he break out laugh -- open door , look and take off . 19 int . crystal palace - annabelle's room & balcony - night 19 annabelle , in she room , hurriedly finish pack . she take she suitcase , go to the window , open it , step out onto the fire escape . it 's clumsy go . maverick ( o.s. ) can I be of help ? 20 ext . annabelle's balcony - night 20 the balcony and maverick , dress as before , wait . she slap he . ( continued ) maverick - Rev. 11/15/93 20 25 . continued : * 20 annabelle ( sigh , hand he he money back ) you have get to admit , I be better the second time . maverick not just better -- good . no , no . not just good ... very good . annabelle thank you . maverick now it 's time for you to do something I want . annabelle do not you dare . I be a lady . not in a million year ... not if I be 100 . not if you be 100 . maverick shut up , lady . I do not want to go to bed with you . annabelle why not ? maverick why not ?... I would be too frighten - what if I doze off ? God know what part of I you would steal . I would wake up with thing miss . ( indicate he smudge shirt ) but obviously I can not clean this , and obviously you must know how to . the laundry be close and I be leave early , and you do owe I . take it easy on the starch . annabelle smile as he take off he shirt , she Southern accent back again . annabelle if I can not touch you , I can touch you shirt ... and dream . maverick would you like some help ? ( continued ) maverick - Rev. 11/15/93 20 continued : 25a . ( 2 ) 20 she nod yes and begin back in -- maverick push and she push plop back inside . he begin to walk - remember and come back -- she hand he the wallet . * * * annabelle goodnight ... ( pause ) ... bert . * maverick ( he hate that - correct promptly ) bret . and as he go - 21 omitted 21 * 26 . 22 ext . MAIN STREET - morning ( next day ) * 22 as maverick , dress for travel , head for the bank . he 's in a good mood and why not ? -- it 's a gorgeous day . bank small . 23 quiet . several horse tie outside . door of bank president , matthew wicker 23 maverick be with a elderly clerk who point to the door , leave . as soon as maverick be alone , he draw he gun , burst into the office . wicker stunne , just stare . maverick cock he gun , gesture for wicker to raise he hand . wicker a distinguished look man , slowly rise , he hand go into the air . wicker ( suddenly speak in a high pitch voice , like a heroine in a melodrama ) oh no , please do not hurt I , please , I be just a frail flower , have mercy - he be stop as the elderly clerk look in from the open door . elderly clerk robbery - wicker ( close the door ) no -- no , it 's not a robbery , that 's just maverick say hello . ( to maverick ) c'mere , you silly son of a bitch . he embrace maverick . ( continued ) 27 . 23 continued : * 23 maverick hey , matty , everything go good ? wicker ( sour ) could not be worse . ( dead honest ) bret , I owe you a thousand dollar , I have get maybe a hundred . ( take out a bill ) I never welched on a debt in my life . give I to the end of the year . maverick I need it now . wicker it 's that poker championship , I know it -- what 's the entry fee , twenty five thousand ? maverick nod . wicker Jesus , kid , I be sorry . maverick porkchop slim owed I too , but he die . widow use my thousand for the funeral . wicker I hear he be cremate . maverick the widow porkchop con I ? ( stunne ) what be it with people nowadays ? wicker I feel the same way -- it 's hard to trust anybody . they be by the door . wicker open it -- -- and a mask man be point a gun at they . wicker my God , there be a robbery . the mask man grab maverick 's hundred , frisk wicker , take a huge wad of bill from he inside pocket . ( continued ) 28 . 23 continued : ( 2 ) * 23 maverick you say you be break . wicker I be now . 23a int . bank - morning 23a outlaw # 2 ( lighting a fuse to dynamite on the safe ) here we go . and he duck . 23b ext . bank - morning 23b window blow ; the door be blow off hinge ; smoke billow . maverick , appear through the smoke . blind . cough , half the four guy he clobbere the night before be wait . they look more menace in the daylight . maverick see they , cut into a alley by the bank . the four guy be right behind he . maverick move quickly into shadow . the four guy spread out , start to surround he . smile . nobody maverick anybody see you ? lead guy not a soul . maverick turn to they . maverick you guy come in any later last night , that monster would have eat I alive . lead guy anyone suspect anything ? ( continued ) maverick - Rev. 11/15/93 23b 29 . continued : 23b maverick ( shake he head ) you be great -- could not have go better . lead guy Truth be , we enjoy it . for go so easy on we . thanks maverick damn . that be my best shot . ( beat ) what would we agree on , five dollar a beat ? ( as the lead guy nod maverick unpin a hundred dollar bill from inside he shirt ) who 's get change ? easy ? they all ad lib about money , the deal , etc . maverick exit . and as the four Men bring out money -- more ad lib . * * 24 omitted 24 25 int . maverick room - day 25 maverick in he room . he have finish pack and draw a card from a deck on the dresser . the 8 of club . he react badly to this turn of luck and move to the bed . his gambling shirt be on he bed . he pick it up gently , take the tissue off . * * * shirt except ... she 's shrink the shit out of it . he go to the balcony and see the stage head for the ferry and annabelle with several man carry she bag run after she . he yell and she wave . * * * 25a & 26 omitted 25a & 26 27 ext . crystal palace - MAIN STREET - day 27 the Main Street as maverick explode out the door . he wear the shrunken shirt and carry he belonging . 28 ext . ferry - stage stop - day the end of the street . the stage be on the ferry . annabelle be stand nearby . ( continued ) 28 maverick - Rev. 11/15/93 28 30 . continued : 28 annabelle watch as maverick reach she . this go snappily . maverick you do this on purpose ! annabelle you bet I do . * maverick this be my lucky shirt . annabelle learn how to do you own laundry . * maverick ( spin she around , hold she shoulder ) my underwear come from New York , where the hell you think that shirt be make ? Paris , France , lady -- you think they sell they in the dry goods store ? annabelle why do not you try the kiddie ' department -- * maverick grab for annabelle and she grab he . * and now come a new male voice , deep and powerful . man ( o.s. ) remove you hand from the lady . * * as maverick turn - just a incredible - looking man -- we will find out soon enough he name be zane cooper . he be raw -bon , blue -ey , muscle and sinew ; rugge as they come . there be also something about he we do not know yet but we will : coop be so good , so fuck honorable , he seem like someone out of another era --- which in point of fact , he be . coop be the western hero who dominate movie for most of this century . in other word , we be look at John Wayne or Gary Cooper . ( continued ) maverick - Rev. 11/15/93 28 continued : 31 . ( 2 ) 28 not only have he never do anything bad , the think of do anything bad have never cross he mind . annabelle ( very thick Southern ; as maverick take he hand from she shoulder ) sometimes when you least expect it , a hero arrive . ( as coop be embarrassed ) mister ... * coop Zane Cooper . folk call I ' coop ' which suit I just fine . * maverick ( as coop tick he off on general principle ) coop. annabelle ( indicate maverick ) this silly - look creature be name maverick . ( a step closer to coop ) and I be annabelle bransford . I be take this stage . * coop ( he hat have be off since she begin speak to he ) so be i. maverick death . maverick so be i. ( beat ) oh , this be just gonna be a helluva lot of fun . * ( continued ) maverick - Rev. 11/15/93 28 continued : 32 . ( 3 ) 28 annabelle ( a glance at maverick ) I do not know what this ruffian would have do to I if it have just be the two of we alone on the stage . coop I hope you can relax and enjoy the journey now . ( help annabelle into coach ) here 's my feel -- if there wer not any woman , we would not be here . maverick what kind of sense do that make ? if there be not any man , we would not be here either . coop he study maverick a moment . * then -- very flat -- coop be you mock I ? maverick before I answer , do it bother you ? coop I can get ruffle . maverick we do not want you ruffle . why do not we just say I be agree with you in a totally unusual way . as they study each other -- annabelle lean out of the coach . annabelle ( a smile to coop , she deep Southern drawl ) what would the world be without true gentleman like yourself ? ( continued ) maverick - Rev. 11/15/93 28 continued : 33. ( 4 ) 28 a corpse walk up . obviously , not a actual corpse , just the most sickly - looking man you ever see . he head for the stage . maverick open the door for he . sickly - looking man ( point up to the front ) I be the driver . maverick you okay ? sickly - looking man why be people always ask I that ? ( hold out a shaky hand ) help I up , son , or we will never get a move on . maverick jump nimbly up to the seat , start to pull the driver up -- it be not easy , but the old guy get there . maverick and the Driver ad lib about get up on stage . * * driver in he seat now , the rein in he hand . get down . maverick 29 omitted 29 30 ext . ferry crossing - day 30 the stage , on the ferry , move down the river away from Crystal River . hold briefly , then - 31 omitted 31 32 int . stagecoach ( on ferry ) - day 32 a deck of card . with one hand . it be be manipulate dazzlingly then the deck be put in the other hand . be just as skilled . the manipulation outside , the water flow by as the ferry move ahead . annabelle get out of the stage and move to maverick and coop . ( continued ) * * maverick - Rev. 11/15/93 32 34 . continued : 32 annabelle and coop * annabelle I think it 's time we get to know each other . mister maverick here have aspiration toward someday be a card player . * * maverick stand . card . make no reply . just continue with the * three of they coop I be not totally ignorant of card . can not be in my line of work . annabelle and pray what might that be ? coop lawman . annabelle ( look up at he , in awe ) I will bet you be the best there be . I can tell thing about a man . maverick I can not quite place you accent , Mrs. bransford . what part of the South you from ? * annabelle ever be to mobile ? maverick no. annabelle well , I be from mobile . * maverick oh , you mean mobile , Alabama -- I be there -- betcha we know lot of the same people , you start . ( continued ) maverick - Rev. 11/15/93 32 continued : 35 . ( 2 ) 32 annabelle ( suddenly near tear ; bury she head in coop 's shoulder ) I have try so hard to forget that place -( now she look up longingly at he ) -- I endure such personal tragedy there . maverick clap he hand . * maverick bravo . coop a woman 's suffer 's not a funny thing . ( beat ) bertie . maverick there be exception . watch you billfold . * * * coop and maverick stare at one another . you get the feel they be not go off on vacation together . hold . then -- * 33 & 34 omitted 33 & 34 35 ext . ferry landing - day 35 ramp splashes down into river . driver timberrr ... the horse splash into water and up the bank -- pull hard on the stagecoach as it move down the valley . 35a ext . desert mountain area - day the stagecoach move down the road past majestic rock formation . 35 a maverick - Rev. 11/15/93 36 36 . int . stagecoach - day 36 annabelle have be flirt , draw coop out in conversation . maverick , still play unconsciously with the card , can not help but listen . annabelle ( gasp -- catch up in the story ) but how could you face they down ? nine man , all of they armed . * * coop ( might be he credo ) a man give he word to do he job , he 's honor bound to do it . * annabelle but you must have be afraid . coop a mite . * annabelle Mr. maverick do not believe in bravery . maverick now , Mrs. bransford , all I say be I think it 's overrate , and it do not suit I . * * coop he smile . he have , by the way , a wonderful smile . coop I just realize something . maverick what 's that ? coop you be spineless . I hope so. this long . * maverick it 's keep I alive * * annabelle where would the world be if everybody be like you ? ( continued ) maverick - Rev. 11/15/93 36 37 . continued : 36 maverick World would be okay -- have a lot more poker table , a lot less violence . when I go to war , my pappy say , ' Son , if you come back with a medal , I will kill you with my bare hand . ' ( beat ) bring I up to be obedient . annabelle you be in the war , Mr. maverick ? maverick play with the card , stare out . maverick no , I be capture early , prisoner for awhile , come out here and scout , bring in geronimo once , hell of a poker player . helped he get free once , he do belong free . * annabelle look at he . annabelle I do not believe you . * maverick he be a wonderful poker player . * * annabelle I do not believe anything you say . * * maverick and coop ( look at she - quietly ) neither do I ... * annabelle thank you for the hanky . * * as maverick stare out again - 36a * int . crystal palace - morning 36 a the angel , in a foul mood , walk into the dimly light saloon . it 's morning . he go to the bar . the four bad guy from the night before be laugh and eat breakfast -- egg and coffee . ( continued ) * * * * 38 . 36 a continued : 36 a four cowboys maverick clobbere in the fight . they be down the bar from the angel . and they be the one laugh . clearly , at he . as they whisper and they laughter build - the angel he take he second drink which be now pour , drop it down the hatch , and walk over to the Cowboys . the angel ( dead sober ) one question -- be you , by any chance , laugh at I ? lead cowboy heavens to betsy , no . now they all four laugh again . the angel I want to know the joke . lead cowboy you , asshole . the angel explain that ! lead cowboy not unless you pay we one helluva lot more than maverick do . and on that bit of information - closeup - the angel he 's not take this well . the angel ( hard to talk ) he pay you to fall down . four large guy nodd . lead guy paid we good too . ( continued ) 39 . 36 a continued : ( 2 ) 36 a the angel as he slowly rip off a piece of the bar and start swinging it , catch they off guard -- it go like a streak this next --- but what he do be cream each of they , they groan , fall to the floor - the angel ( not even breathe hard ) I will let you fall down for free . ( he look down at the stunne quartet ) maverick be mine anyway ... ( beat ) ... ' cept now it 's personal ... hold on the angel. 37 now -- int . stagecoach - moving fast - day Inside the stage . it 's next afternoon . 37 both man doze . annabelle ( shaking they -- a bit alarmed ) do you think he 's find a shortcut ? 38 ext . desolate countryside - day 38 clearly , the coach be out of control as it be fly down the road . they be go like hell across very rough country . rock inside be bad and get worse as we - 39 the int . stagecoach - day 39 maverick and coop , both stick they head out the window , shouting at the driver . 40 ext . stagecoach - day the driver . slump in he seat . 40 limp . eye close . 40 . 41 int . stagecoach - day Inside the coach . 41 coop be get ready for action . coop ( to maverick ) go on up there and stop the stage - maverick -- I be not sure I want to do that - coop -- the wheel be come loose ! - if it fall off , we be all of we dead -- I will climb out and secure it , you handle the driver -- let 's go -maverick he nod , reach out for the nearest door , shove it open and - 42 ext . stagecoach - day 42 maverick , move out the door -- and this be the beginning of a really hairy journey . terrain fly by . bumpy and dusty and maverick hold on to the side of the stage . it 's not a matter here of he fall off -- he 's too powerful and athletic for that -- but he 's blind by the dust and be try like hell to get he bearing . plus , this be not anyone 's idea of comfort . terrain a huge rut - maverick fly half off the stage , manage to hold on , pull himself back to where he be and now , cough and still unable to see a lot , he begin he climb . railing around the roof as he grab hold , first with one hand , then with the other and -( continued ) 41 . 42 continued : 42 horse pound along -- as they hit another huge rut - maverick be flip up and onto the roof , where he land hard , but still manage to keep hold of the railing . 42a int . stagecoach - day 42a coop sit as calmly and comfortably as possible , listen to the sound of maverick 's effort from above . annabelle be confuse , and just a bit frighten . annabelle you say we would die if the wheel come off . coop Rest easy , miss annabelle , wheel be just fine . annabelle ( it 's get scarier -- she reach for he ) for protection , you do not mind ? coop ( shyly ) proud as a peacock . annabelle ( glance up as more sound come from the roof ) you do not think he will kill you ? coop ( nah ) in the long run , the lad will thank I in he prayer . as he continue to hold the frighten annabelle - 42b ext . stagecoach - roof & maverick - day 42b the terrain be get bumpier -( continued ) 42 . 42b continued : 42b -- and this be where it start to get tricky -- he inch forward across the luggage toward where the driver be --- except there 's a difference in level . the driver be several foot below and get down have to be time just right because if you hit a bump when you be try to get off the roof -- not a good thing . driver he lie sprawle and motionless on the seat . the rein be still in he hand -- but loose -- he have no control over the animal . maverick get ready to lower himself down and - horse pick up speed and - terrain flash by and - maverick make he move and - gigantic rut and - maverick throw wildly off balance as he try to get to the driver 's seat and as he be about to fall off the entire rampaging stage - 42c int . stagecoach - day 42c coop , peer out the window toward the front where maverick be . he start to chuckle . coop ( go back to annabelle , a sweet memory ) how well I remember my first runaway stage -( more ) ( continued ) 43 . 42c continued : 42c coop ( cont 'd ) ( to annabelle ) there 's a knack to do it . ( as she sit alongside he now ) more protection ? ( as she nod ) think so . as she hold he tight - 43 ext . stagecoach 43 maverick , manage to grab the driver , who do not look any worse than when we first meet he except now he be dead . plus , be dead , he 's not grab hold of anything that 's of any use to maverick , so he body begin slide along the seat and - maverick off the stage now and get , he realize , very close to shit creek --- he make a desperate lunge , just manage to grab hold of the railing that circle the driver 's seat as we - dead driver slide along , still hold the rein , he body come closer and closer to maverick and - maverick let go of the dead driver , grab the rail with both hand , force himself up to the seat just as the dead driver start to fall off it --- but not before maverick can grab he , pull he back on so now they be both on the driver 's seat , maverick reach for the rein , which bring the dead driver 's arm around he neck . maverick do he best to ignore the corpse and take control of the rein --- which at last , thank God , he do --- and lay the corpse onto the seat he take the rein , one in each of he powerful hand -( continued ) 44 . 43 continued : 43 maverick ( roaring ) just whoa , goddamit ! and as soon as he utter he mighty command - horse as they start to go faster --- they be zoom along now and - maverick , as they sudden burst almost pull he out of the seat , catapult he forward and - 43a int . stagecoach - day 43a coop and annabelle , get bounce all the hell around . annabelle you do not think it might be nice to go out there and help he ? coop I could do that , absolutely -- but after he 's work so hard , he might resent it . something tell I that inside that buffoon , there 's a real human be try to get out . * * * * annabelle you think it 's possible . * * coop God move in mysterious way ... * * from they - 43b ext . stagecoach - day 43b the corpse , lie on the seat , bump up and down and - maverick steaming mad now -- he take the rein again , really pull on they with everything he 's get . this time he shout - maverick timberrr ! closeup - maverick stun -- my God , it work . 45 . 44 ext . stagecoach - slowing - day 44 the horse , at last slow and , exhaust , as they come to a halt - 45 ext . stagecoach - day 45 stop . maverick , wipe out , take a deep breath as he sit for a moment on the driver 's seat . coop and annabelle get out of the stage . maverick still bleary from what he 's be through . attention , he jump to the ground -- without pay -- which be a mistake --- he should have be pay attention --- because the stage have be halt on the lip of a three thousand - foot cliff . maverick landing , lose he balance --- the cliff be very sheer --- he realize he situation now , begin wave he arm , try to get balance as we - coop and annabelle she be horrify by what could happen . coop move quickly forward -- he 's close enough to reach out a hand to maverick --- only he do not . as we -- he just stand there , idly watch maverick and he be not a happy camper - cliff drop horrendous . coop curious as to just what 's go to happen . distraught , put she hand over she eye . annabelle , ( continued ) 46 . 45 continued : 45 maverick windmill in desperation -- and for a moment it look like he 's not go to make it --- but finally he do , pitching forward safely to the ground . coop ( now he extend a hand ) let I help you . maverick ( glaring up ) you have do too much already . he get to he foot . the stage . still out of breath , he look at maverick what 's with the wheel ? coop turn out I be wrong -- wheel be fine all along . annabelle he be do you a favor -- do not you feel a whole lot better about yourself now that you have do something brave ? maverick there be a pause . then , smile amiably back at coop -- maverick oh , I get it , this be for my benefit . to help I . build character . coop exactly . maverick ( shake he head ) funny , you would think I would be mad . annabelle look at he -- burst with pride . maverick one thing though ? ( continued ) 47 . 45 continued : ( 2 ) 45 coop look at he -- as maverick do he lightning draw , cock he pistol , aim it at coop 's head -- he could almost shoot . maverick try not to help I again ! from that - 46 ext . gravesite - afternoon 46 a freshly cover - over grave . maverick and coop be cover with sweat from the digging . annabelle be with they . it 's later in the afternoon now . coop I suppose somebody ought to say something nice about the decease . annabelle how do we know he be nice ? we do not know anything about he . all he have in he wallet be the name of some whorehouse . and now , o.s. , the sound maverick 's voice in song - maverick who have start into " amazing Grace " --- and the shocker be this : not that the song be gorgeous , it 's one of the most beautiful song ever write -- no , the stunner be that maverick can really sing . a strong , firm voice echoing out over the rough land . maverick ' amazing Grace how sweet the sound ...' -- and now , surprisingly , coop join in . and here 's something else you do not expect : he can sing too . coop / maverick ( in harmony ) '... that save a wretch like I ...' ( continued ) maverick - Rev. 11/15/93 46 48. continued : 46 and now annabelle , touch by what 's happen , join they , she voice high and lovely . annabelle / coop /maverick '... I once be lose but now I be find ... ' * and now , as they come to the end of the first verse , annabelle sing different word from the man . she realize she mistake , stop , and listen to they . coop / maverick '... be bound ...' annabelle '... be blind ... ' here she stop , let they sing in harmony the last line . coop / maverick '... but now I be free ...' coop / maverick / annabelle ' twas grace that teach my heart to fear , and grace my fear relieved , how precious do that grace appear , the hour I first believe ... ' * * * * * ' through many danger , toil and snare , I have already come . tis Grace hath bring I safe thus far . and Grace will lead I home . ' * they all stand close together as the echo of the song die . then -* 46 a ext . telegraph wire - afternoon 46a camera pan along telegraph wire to a small telegraph office . 46b hand 46b reach across counter and accept a telegram . close on telegram it read : " do not let he ( maverick ) reach St. Louis ( the game ) . " 47 through 49 omitted * * 47 through 49 maverick - Rev. 8/31/93 50 49 . ext . wagon train - area # 1 * 50 the stagecoach , move along as before , when --- there be the sudden sound of high pitched sobbing --- as the stagecoach take a turn in the road we see - several cover wagon just the most pathetic sight . fill with widow and child in tear . several wounded man . two of the wagon be smolder and burn . coop vault to the ground , hurry to the wagon as maverick bring the stagecoach to a halt . coop be talk with several woman from the wagon train . maverick and annabelle on the coach , watch . annabelle silently get out a flask , take a pull of whisky , offer some to maverick . he shake he head . she shrug , take another pull , put the flask away . coop return to the stage with a rawboned woman and a pioneer woman . coop they get hit by Indians - rawboned woman ( a little hysterical ) it be horrible . that Indians snuck up behind we , and ... and ... maverick it be not Indians . rawboned woman they be in war paint and screamin ' and yellin' ... coop I tell them we would take them back to Crystal City ... annabelle and the two woman discuss aside the detail of the attack ; meanwhile maverick and coop : ( continued ) maverick - Rev. 8/31/93 50 50 . continued : * 50 maverick ( overlap and under he breath ) uh -- that 's backtrackin ' a little , be not it ? coop just a day . maverick roll he eye . maverick ( sotto ) look , I really get a poker game ... rawboned woman ( start to cry ) ... and they wounded we man and they burn we wagon ... maverick ( sotto ) uh , coop ... rawboned woman ( continue the description ) ... and they shot we horse and they take the wagon with all of we money ... maverick ( turn ) money ? rawboned woman ( sobbing ) ... and my baby 's music box - other woman they even take my wedding dress . maverick ( beat ) go back to the money part . the woman continue to wail . coop Jesus , maverick . maverick ( mock understanding ) ma'am , how much money exactly ? ( continued ) maverick - Rev. 8/31/93 50 continued : 51 . ( 2 ) * 50 annabelle Jesus , maverick . annabelle cut in front of they . annabelle ( drip with understanding ) ma'am , how much money exactly ? both women ( sniffle in unison ) thirty thousand dollar . there be dead silence for a beat before maverick and annabelle climb right in she face , yammer simultaneously . none of the word be intelligable . maverick ma'am , if I can get you thirty thousand dollar back , be it worth ten percent to you ? rawboned woman five percent ? other woman ( sniffle ) whatever you want . annabelle Jesus , what kind of animal be you ? coop vulture ! rawboned woman you think you could ? maverick ( confident ) well , mar 'am , I think that - annabelle you bet we could ! maverick look over at she and say ... maverick what 's this ' we ' shit ? ( continued ) maverick - Rev. 8/31/93 50 continued : 52 . ( 3 ) * 50 rawgoned woman for you ten percent , I want you to make that savage pay for what they do ! maverick ma'am , there be no hostile in this area . suddenly they be envelop in booming sound which be instantly recognizable as indian war drum . CUT to : 51 through 55c omitted 51 through 55c 56 ext . tracking area # 1 - day 56 maverick sneak through the brush with annabelle at he side . coop follow a step or two behind lead the horse . he keep he eye peal as they track . maverick this pony have be shod . Indians do not shoe they horse . annabelle they could have be steal . what 's with you and Indians anyway ? maverick yeah , you be right . they be just a bunch of theive and savage . do not get I wrong . I mean we have give they smallpox blanket . I figure they deserve it for be on we land before we get here . what be you do here anyway ? annabelle I be you partner . fifty-fifty . coop ( nobly ) sound like fifty - fifty to I . maverick and what be you tagging along for ? you want fifty percent too ? ( continued ) maverick - Rev. 8/31/93 56 52a . continued : * 56 coop I just want to see that fine lady get they money back . maverick grumble to himself and duck under a low branch . annabelle push it aside , snap it back into coop 's face . he blink a couple of time then move stoically forward . maverick ( turn to annabelle ) I do not split my bounty with anybody . annabelle well , I suppose sixty / forty would be acceptable if you be go to be recalcitrant ... maverick and coop do a double take on this . maverick ' re ' -- what ? annabelle ( with condescention ) Education . maverick ( dumbfounded ) sixty / forty ! what be you gonna do for forty percent ? annabelle ( lady - like ) I be go to help . at that moment annabelle lose she foot on the trail and lurch forward . she grab onto maverick , clutching onto he gunbelt , as she try to keep she balance . annabelle fire one round into the ground ( with he gun still in he holster ) . maverick turn and look at she in amazement . annabelle seventy / thirty ? maverick ( get nut ) Excuse I , but you be not exactly a experience tracker ! ( continued ) maverick - Rev. 8/31/93 56 continued : 52b . ( 2 ) 56 annabelle Big tracker ! follow a couple of horse track . anyone could do that . you be not so great . maverick ( turn ) you see that hawk over there ? annabelle yeah ? maverick you know what it mean when it ? annabelle ... what ? maverick absolutely nothing . but you do not know that do you ? annabelle ( beat ) I do so . maverick you do not . coop ( break it up ) Children ... they turn and look at he for a beat . back at maverick . annabelle glance maverick ( quickly turn away ) shh ... maverick quickly drop to the ground , put he head down to the earth , listen . annabelle oh right ! lemme guess . you smell a bunch of Indians off in Montana ... beat , hook . no. * maverick ( concentrate hard now ) not Indians . ( continued ) maverick - Rev. 8/31/93 56 continued : 52c . ( 3 ) * 56 maverick roll over to he back still listen , halfway close he eye . annabelle ( really hook now ) what be you do ? maverick ( pull he hat over he eye ) just gonna take a nap here ' till the sun go down . we will sneak up on they at dark . annabelle fume . CUT to : 57 ext . tracking area # 2 - day 57 above the treetop -- follow a hawk soar across the sky ; as we pan we reveal maverick , on he haunch again , study , study . ground that 's all it be , just dirt . maverick still watch it . then he rise , whistle for he horse , gracefully mount . and ride very slowly forward . if it be not clear by now , it should be : low something . maverick 's fol - who know ? maybe he be a indian scout after all . in any case , this much be clear : the man have instinct other people do not have . 58 ext . tracking area # 3 - waterfall - late afternoon maverick , riding along , watch the terrain . the sound of a waterfall get louder as he approach it . -- he stop --- listen --- no question , he 's hearing something , it be faint music . he urge he horse forward , very slowly . 58 maverick - Rev. 8/31/93 58 a 52d . ext . waterfall area - late afternoon 58a the terrain they be go over . Rocky again . the horse's hoove make sound . over the rush of the waterfall maverick hear the faint sound of old time music . he quickly rein in , dismount , move a few step away , study . then he give a all but inaudible whistle . he horse it obey immediately , trot to he , stop . ( continued ) 53 . 58 a continued : 58a maverick he tie the horse to a small tree , put he finger to he lip . maverick ( as if the horse be human ) shhhh -- and stay that way . horse it nod as if it understand . maverick maverick ( pat he horse 's head , whisper ) Ollie , if you be smarter than I be , keep it to yourself . horse it nod again . maverick move slowly away . * 59 ext . campfire vicinity - pond - late afternoon 59 maverick , move slowly forward . he might be a shadow too -- he make no sound . be growing louder . the music he shadow he move silently forward . slowly , without any sound -- -- then he freeze . closeup - maverick stare ahead . now -* 60 ext . campfire area - late afternoon 60 across a pond -- a campfire . half a dozen man . they be all six of they white . and several still have paint on they face and body . a couple of they wash they face in the pond . other dance to a old - time music box . all of they be drink . hold then -- 54 . 61 ext . wagon train - area # 2 - dusk maverick come riding up . 61 then -- coop ( o.s. ) bring it to a halt . coop he lie against a rock . annabelle lie close alongside . maverick dismount , move to they . maverick found them . six man . snow white . some of they still have paint on . ( as coop look dubious ) come with I -- it 's not that long a ride , now that I know where they be . I need someone to vouch for what I be say . annabelle what 's with you and Indians ? closeup - maverick maverick not a thing . personally I think we have spoiled they from the beginning . we have poison they , infect they , kill they -- but I say it 's they fault for be on we land before we get here . * * * * * * all three annabelle nod . * * maverick let 's go -- this guy be drink heavy , they be not up to anything tonight . annabelle ( rise along with coop ) this could be exciting . coop could be dangerous , too . annabelle stare up at coop . ( continued ) 55 . 61 continued : * 61 annabelle could not be as dangerous as be a marry woman and stand next to the most blindingly - attractive man on the face of the earth . maverick his back have be to she but it 's clear to he she 's talk about he . he turn --- oop --- she 's look at coop and that 's who she 's be talk to . maverick , embarrassed , turn away . 62 ext . trail - dusk 62 the three of they riding in silence . still dusk . as they go across a small but fast stream , both maverick and coop lead she horse along . 62a omitted 62a 63 ext . waterfall - twilight 63 they horse be tie up in the same place as maverick tie he before . in the distance now , the sound of the music BOX . three of they move in silence . the music BOX be louder . annabelle ( soft ) could you teach I to be a great poker player ? maverick ( stunne ) now ? annabelle well , you could be dead tomorrow and I need help . ( continued ) 56 . 63 continued : * 63 maverick I could not make you great if I live to be even as old as coop , but anyone can make you better . ( as coop glare at he ) poker 's about bluff and when you bluff , you have get two dead giveaway -- first one be you touch you thumb to you little finger . the other thing be - coop ( very flat ) shut up . shut up . 64 shut up . ext . campfire vicinity - night 64 the three walk in dead silence . annabelle as she boot brushes a small stone , send it skitter . maverick and coop both of they whirling , glaring at she . annabelle she mouth " sorry . " now -- they move on in silence again . 65 omitted 65 66 ext . campfire - night 66 the six man we see before . under blanket , some snore , some not . whiskey bottle on the ground . they six horse tie nearby . there be the remain of a fire . it 's not as high as it be , but it 's still burn , give off , along with the moon , the only light . pull back to reveal - maverick , coop and annabelle , on they haunch . maverick and coop have pull back bush , give they room to see . this next be whisper and fast . ( continued ) maverick - Rev. 11/15/93 66 57 . continued : * 66 maverick there they be . it 's gotta be they . coop it could be just a bunch of drunken cowboy fool around . maverick what be you talk about ? look at the warpaint ... dress up like Indians . coop proof be identification , right ? what you get now be nothing . maverick nothing ? what proof do you need ? the music box , you sweetheart 's wedding dress . Mary Margaret . coop Margaret Mary . and what do you mean sweetheart ? she 's not my sweetheart . maverick first name basis ... I figure ... annabelle quiet ... now , do you see any money ? maverick he 's probably get it stashed in someplace unsavory . closeup - maverick they be right . he glance at the six man . maverick ( to coop ) we can bring them in easy , we can surprise they . coop what 's this strange new word that 's enter you vocabulary ? -' we '? -- this be you show . ten percent , remember ? ( continued ) maverick - Rev. 11/15/93 66 continued : 58. ( 2 ) * 66 maverick ( stunne ) you would let I face down six man ? coop of course . maverick I have only get one gun . that 's only six bullet . they have six gun , so that 's thirty - six bullet and they probably have two each so that 's seventy - two bullet , so - and rifle ... coop shut up . do you realize you be babbling ? maverick I be not . annabelle ( she voice louder than before ) you be babbling . do not worry - they're probably drunk and coop bring in nine dead sober . maverick coop 's always dead sober - coop -- she do not mean that -maverick -- she say that - annabelle ( louder ) -- the outlaw be dead sober - the last three line be do overlap . maverick and coop both of they clap a hand on she mouth as we ... six men one of they have hear something -- he go up on one elbow , look around . he reach under he blanket for a moment , bring it back out -- he hold a gun . ( continued ) maverick - Rev. 11/15/93 66 continued : 59 . ( 3 ) 66 guy with gun he stand -- he 's wear long underwear -- stare around . maverick and coop and annabelle no one move . annabelle still do not see any money . * maverick coop , if he can cook , he look better than Mary Margaret in that wedding dress . even prettier . * * * * coop Margaret Mary and shut up . * * guy with gun he take a step in they direction , then another , another - annabelle whose eye be widen . then -- guy with gun suddenly stop , reach down , grab a whisky bottle which be what he be after all the time , drink from it as he return to he blanket , get under it . he drink a little more , eye close , then put the bottle down . three whisper soft again . maverick ( to coop ) what if there 's trouble ? coop I will be right behind you . * ( continued ) maverick - Rev. 11/15/93 66 continued : 60 . ( 4 ) 66 maverick yeah , right behind I . and none of this ' wheel be come off ' shit ? coop ( great lawman now ) that be about break bone -- this be about die . maverick you better give I yours . ( move to annabelle ) I know you get one . Hand it over . dying ? annabelle I be a lady . no , you can not have it . okay ... okay ... fifty-fifty . no . * maverick sixty-forty . annabelle fifty-fifty . coop sixty -forty . annabelle fifty -fifty . maverick seventy -thirty . coop sixty -forty . annabelle okay . sixty -forty . but it 's just a little bitty thing and you be the fastest anyone 's see . what do you want my gun for ? coop who say he 's the fastest ? annabelle he say he be . maverick I admit it , I be fast . but I also can not hit shit . when they be real people I be aim at . ( continued ) maverick - Rev. 11/15/93 66 continued : 61 . ( 5 ) 66 annabelle I never know whether to believe you . maverick neither do i. annabelle ... bert ... maverick bret . my name be bret. you be annabelle . he 's coop. I be bret. bret . * annabelle be careful . maverick you too . of course . he head off . annabelle and coop reposition and look ... maverick and campfire saunter toward they alone , he gun in he holster . maverick hi ... hello , everybody . I see you campfire and think I would visit . I be burt ... uh , bret maverick . he make a nice smile . six guy stare around at each other . what the hell be this ? maverick he move closer , stop . just the flicker fire light with help from the moon . the terrain be flat , dusty . maverick you be probably wonder why I be here and it 's just to give you one little piece of information -( more ) ( continued ) maverick - Rev. 11/15/93 66 continued : 62. ( 6 ) * 66 maverick ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) -- right now , right at this very second -( beat -- quietly ) -- gun be aim at each and every one of you pretty little head . six guy blink . they have all have too much to drink , sure , but this be news you do not forget in a hurry . now they stare at the area around they . maverick go on calmly , without a care in the world . maverick now , you have get a perfect right to know who 's out there and why . coop and annabelle crouch , hide , watch . coop miss nothing . maverick point to the nearest of the six . maverick the man who will blow you brain out be marshal Zane Cooper . I know what you be thinkin' . I know he 's old and decrepit and he gun he food and he woman . but he can still shoot straight . ( to the next guy ) johnny hardin 's out for you . you probably know he , unbeaten as a gunfighter . and he 's not dead , but he hang out with dead people . CUT to : second guy the start of genuine fear among the six . annabelle breath hold , watch as before . anything . coop be ready for ( continued ) maverick - Rev. 11/15/93 66 continued : 63. ( 7 ) * 66 maverick ( to third guy ) you belong to Ugly Annie bransford -- clock have be know to beg for mercy when Ugly Annie come near -- she 's so ugly she mother have to hang pork chop around she so the dog would play with she . she 's so ugly that when she 's make love she have to pretend she 's someone else ... annabelle be steaming . coop ( whisper ) admit it , that be funny . annabelle I do not think it be funny . maverick chat amiably on . maverick whistle ... come on ... what ... another wheel off ? okay ... clap . why this fuss ? ' Cause some Indians kill some white attack a wagon train . I believe that , but some of the woman , you know how hysterical they can get , think it might have be white masquerade . silliest thing I ever hear of . besides , no fool of a woman could recognize a man in war paint on horseback anyway . so all this be go to cost you be a few hour of beauty sleep . the six scared worse than before ; scared of all kind of thing now . he 's get they , no question . maverick convince as hell . maverick the reason I be the one out here be , well , some people think I can talk pretty good -- not that I be exactly helpless with a gun -( continued ) maverick - Rev. 11/15/93 66 continued : 64 . ( 8 ) 66 closeup - maverick -- and again he do what we see back in the saloon - the phenomenal fast draw . in this light , it 's blind . six men they fear be palpable . annabelle watch . trouble . transfix . coop 's eye scan for possible maverick expertly spin the gun back into its holster . closeup - coop taut , sensitive to every nuance , every possible danger . maverick he 's get they and he know it . maverick so all you have get to do be stand up and put you hand on top of you head . here 's a man use he head . * * * six a hesitation . then -- nearest guy he scramble to he foot , put he hand on he head . second guy he scramble up too , he finger lock together on the top of he head . * the third guy , jump up --- but with a gun in he hand and - the fourth guy , on he knee , but he gun 's ready too and - the shoot begin . ( continued ) maverick - Rev. 11/15/93 66 continued : 65 . ( 9 ) 66 * coop with annabelle -- and coop have not move at all . the SOUND of gunfire begin -- just stand there as * annabelle be not you go out there ? coop ( aghast ) a man could get kill do that . now , from they - maverick -- only he be not there --- because from here on until it 's over , he 's in constant movement , and we have know he could draw and we have know he could play card but we do not know ' till now how quick he be --- plus one more thing --- every time he fire , he hit what he 's aim at --- and he 's in mid-dive now , as the bullet land where he be , and he come out of the dive into a roll , and as he come up out of the roll firing - FOURTH guy the one on he knee , as maverick 's bullet hit he forearm and he scream , drop the gun , scramble after it with he good hand and - maverick risk one more shot and he squeeze it off , go into a sideways roll as we - third guy the one who begin the fire , as maverick 's shot crush he shoulder and he scream too , but the pain have he and he drop he gun and fall and - coop as a bullet hit the tree ... watch the action unfold , not a muscle move , and -( continued ) * maverick - Rev. 11/15/93 66 continued : 66 . ( 10 ) 66 fifth and sixth guy blasting away and - maverick the roll over but still on the ground as he fire off two shot and as he start to get to he foot - fifth and sixth guy one hit on the hand , the other on the knee , and the knee guy be do , cry out in pain but the hand guy , it be not over for he and - first and second guy the one with they hand on the top of they head and by now they have manage to drop to earth , reach around , find they weapon and - maverick diving again , roll up --- but this time he do not fire , instead go into a second dive , and we have not expect it and neither do anybody else as - first and second guy do they best to shift they aim and - maverick come up to one knee , concentrate on the first guy and - second guy move away and for just a moment he 's get maverick dead in he sight and - maverick blasting the first guy , hit he in the thigh and as he start to fold - second guy about to squeeze off a deadly shot when we -( continued ) * maverick - Rev. 11/15/93 66 continued : 67 . ( 11 ) 66 annabelle terrify and then something amazing happen --- coop draw . and if maverick be fast , well , coop be too , and two shot come almost at once and - second guy as the first shot from coop take the gun from he hand , the next shot crunch into he shoulder and he cry out , begin to spin to earth and - coop the gun already back in its holster - annabelle do she just see what she think she see ? coop just stare out as before as if nothing have take place . maverick look at the second guy -- watch he hit the ground and for just a moment he 's not quite sure what happen but there be not time to think as we - FOURTH guy who be hit in the forearm and now he 's get he gun in the other hand and as he do he best to aim - maverick firing another perfect shot --- ooops --- he gun make a clicking sound -- no more bullet - maverick ( cursing himself ) learn to count , asshole - and as he drop he pistol , reach around for annabelle 's - coop watch idly , annabelle alongside . coop the lad definitely have potential -( continued ) * maverick - Rev. 11/15/93 66 continued : 68. ( 12 ) 66 annabelle ( really be not sure ) -- do you just help he ? - coop ( shake he head ) -- it 's he show . annabelle study coop a brief moment , as we - annabelle's pistol in maverick 's hand now --- it really be small --- and now he do a move he have not try before --- he jump backwards , go into a fast somersault , come up with the tiny pistol almost disappear in he hand and - FOURTH guy firing , but wild and - maverick firing --- dead solid perfect --- he 's nail he in the shoulder and as this guy cry out , drop the gun -maverick stare at the little gun -maverick ( to himself ) damn thing actually work - fifth guy who be shot in the hand and he 's try to use both he hand now but no chance as we -maverick spin , firing , one , two , three time and -( continued ) * maverick - Rev. 11/15/93 66 continued : 69 . ( 13 ) * 66 fifth guy and he 's hit in the hand , the leg , the knee and as he scream and fall - maverick the only one stand . guy writhe -- all around he now , the six -- and the SOUND of gunfire , which be so deafen just a minute ago , well , that 's go ... closeup - maverick exhausted by what he 's just be through . 67 ext . campfire 67 annabelle and coop see what 's happen and they cross over to maverick . annabelle you be wonderful . you be wonderful . be not it exciting . six man . we have to wait so long . coop join maverick and annabelle run around and question each bad guy about where the money be . coop you know what you do wrong ? you shot the guy in the front and you should have shot the guy in the back . maverick what do you mean ? I shot the right guy . how do you know ? annabelle have find the box of money and be delighted . she be touch , count and just enjoy this cash . coop ( to Danny ) take that dress off ! annabelle how dare you . coop not you ... he . ( continued ) maverick - Rev. 11/15/93 67 69a . continued : * 67 maverick get you claw off . they cross to she . annabelle I find it . maverick I work hard for it . coop I will take the money . annabelle I will count it . they head off . coop ( to maverick ) where be you go ? up this mess . you clean annabelle and coop move off . the bad guy have realize that they be ignore and they crawl , try to escape . maverick finally notice . maverick ( to coop ) watch her. ( to guy ) keep back . line up . put you gun in the middle . ( the b.g . ) do not let she near you . she sell Mr. bransford . she would steal the cheese out of the rat trap and not get catch . he keep babbling . coop ( o.s. ) you be babbling . maverick no , I be not babbling . I be not ! he lead the guy out and , of course , continue babbling . CUT to : 68 omitted 68 maverick - Rev. 11/15/93 69 69b . ext . wagon train - area # 2 - morning 69 it be morning and the six bad guy from the campfire be tie up to wheel , wagon and each other . maverick be building a fire for cooking for himself and coop and annabelle . annabelle come over . annabelle you the chef ? margaret mary bless you for find my wedding dress . now I can get marry . coop I know it will look lovely . margaret mary the Lord say it be good for man and woman to dwell together in unity . coop I know that when you reach you final destination someone will be wait for you . God will take care of you . Mary Margaret be count money . watch . two two two two thousand thousand thousand thousand * annabelle and maverick mary margaret four hundred dollar . five hundred dollar . six hundred dollar . eight hundred dollar . annabelle two thousand seven hundred dollar . mary margaret be you sure about that ? annabelle I be sure . maverick she would know . mary margaret two thousand seven hundred ... eight hundred ... nine hundred ... Three thousand dollar . here you go Mr. maverick . ten percent that we promise . ( continued ) maverick - Rev. 11/15/93 69 69c . continued : * 69 she hand it to he . mary margaret that leave we with twenty - seven thousand dollar , Margaret Mary . margaret mary that 's not enough for a mission , Mary Margaret . mary margaret do not you worry . the Lord will provide . maverick well , you know , ma'am , my pappy always say , ' never sneeze when you hide . never smile when you lie , and never , ever take money from lady who have lose a dog and a wedding dress and whose wagon burn . he hand back the money . just thrilled . they whoop and yell and be maverick take off with annabelle and coop follow . annabelle I have a wedding dress once . maverick but she get hers back . annabelle we have a deal . you owe I thirty percent . maverick okay , here 's thirty percent of what I get . ( hand she nothing ; she spit ) here , take it all . coop Children ... I hate to interrupt , but I get a problem . maverick what ? ( continued ) maverick - Rev. 11/15/93 69 continued : 69d . ( 2 ) 69 coop well , if this renegade be not the real Indians , who be beat that drum ? * * * * annabelle ( look up ) maybe it be they ? * * 70 omitted 70 70 . 71 ext . wagon train / bluff - morning 71 and maybe fifty Indians , maybe more . all mount and armed . there be more on the other side of the stream . all in war paint . maverick get to he foot . carefully . coop make no move . women and kide freeze . six guy maverick fought handcuffed to one of the wagon train . pale with terror . indian a series of blood -curdle cry . annabelle move between maverick and coop . neither of they be particularly overjoy at this moment either . sky - dusk the Indians have the die light behind they . entire tableau - long shot the wagon train with its helpless wounded and woman and child . maverick and coop stand on either side of annabelle . and surround they , above they , silent and deadly , the war-paint Indians . for a long moment , no one move --- then --- the sound of someone on horseback from behind the Indians . a few of they separate , make room -- -- and there he be - 72 ext . wagon train / bluff - morning 72 the indian of every white man 's nightmare . a massive figure , rippling with brutal power . terrifying cruelty behind he eye . there be a ( continued ) maverick - Rev. 11/15/93 72 71 . continued : 72 he sit on a magnificent white horse . he wear a long headdress . and war paint that make he seem , if that 's possible , even more frightening . he rein in at the top of the hill , glare down at the intruder . maverick I will take care of this . * * * nightmare indian as suddenly , in a deep , guttural voice , he speak . nightmare chief ( he word subtitle ) hello , bret , you have come for the money I owe you ? maverick , glance around at the other . maverick anybody get all that ? no one do . annabelle ( to maverick ) you know about Indians , can you speak to he ? maverick I will do my best . * now he take a step forward and when he speak , it 's in indian too . ( throughout this , he and joseph , for that be the chief' name , speak indian -- and they be the only one who understand the language . ) maverick ( subtitle ) Joseph , go with I on this - I will explain later . * joseph ( subtitle ) how long will it take -- I be get hot . * ( continued ) maverick - Rev. 11/15/93 72 continued : 72 . ( 2 ) 72 maverick ( subtitle ) I know it 's hot , now scream at I . * * joseph let loose a blood-curdling sound . new angle panic among that down below . coop turn to maverick . coop what 's he say ? maverick ( nervous ) we have commit a terrible sin - this be sacred ground . annabelle we do not know it be sacred - can not you explain that to he ? * maverick I will try my best . ( to Joseph ; subtitle ) shake you head and fire you rifle in the air -- look really mad -- lot of word . * joseph do as tell . even though you know he 's obey order , it 's very impressive . annabelle edging closer to maverick and coop . * maverick ( nod -- upset ) do not make any difference ... his god demand a sacrifice . * coop sacrifice ? * ( continued ) maverick - Rev. 11/15/93 72 continued : 73. ( 3 ) * 72 maverick ( long pause -- then , whisper ) human . joseph ( in English ) what the hell be I do ? a bitch . Son of maverick ( look around ) anybody catch that ? no one seem to . maverick ( up to Joseph in indian - subtitle ) you be do great -- Point you finger around at everybody and speak angry . joseph he long finger take in everyone down below . come from he throat . fury joseph ( lot of indian ad lib about annabelle . ) maverick really worried now . maverick if someone pass the indian bravery test , he will not kill the rest of we . ( beat ) but one of we have to go with he . annabelle what 's the indian bravery test ? maverick he say he cut off both hand - if you do not make a sound , you pass . ( continued ) maverick - Rev. 11/15/93 72 continued : 74 . ( 4 ) 72 coop coop both hand ? maverick up to Joseph . maverick ( subtitle ) hold up one finger and holler some . joseph as he do what he 's tell , he seem like a figure out of myth . annabelle and coop stare at maverick , wait . * joseph as suddenly he start laugh and talk . joseph ( subtitle ) I never do anything like this before -- it 's fun . maverick quickly explain - maverick they be laugh about the pain to come -- he love to see suffer -- * annabelle ( glance up ) -- you can tell that just by look at he -maverick can not you tell ? blood thirsty savage . * * * joseph fire he weapon at the sky again , shriek louder than ever . ( continued ) maverick - Rev. 11/15/93 72 continued : 75 . ( 5 ) 72 maverick maverick ( up to Joseph , subtitle ) -- do not overdo it . * joseph ( subtitle ) who 's the girl , she 's pretty ? maverick ( subtitle ) Point to she , say you want she . joseph ( subtitle ) I do want she , be she available ? maverick ( subtitle ) look at she passionately -- scream with lust - joseph do as he 's tell -- it 's very clear he 's hot for she . and other chant " goldilocks . " * maverick go bravely to a frighten annabelle . indian and then correct himself . he speak in * * maverick I will die before I let he touch you - annabelle -- there 's too many -- even you can not protect I - maverick -- do not show fear -- it drive they crazy -( to coop ) we have get to end this before it get bad -- it 's get to be one of we -- * there be a long silence . * coop he nod . talk -- then he start to ( continued ) maverick - Rev. 11/15/93 72 continued : 76 . ( 6 ) * 72 coop I will go . it 's my turn -- I almost get you kill twice already . closeup - maverick he shake he head . maverick I can not do the thing you can . take care of the woman and the child . I gotta go with they . but it 's okay -- third time lucky . annabelle stare at maverick . the bravest word she ever hear have just be speak . annabelle bret - maverick ( to Joseph - subtitle ) one more minute and I be come . and on that - coop leave to get a horse . annabelle and it 's clear in she eye -- she do not want he to go . maverick ( soft ; brave ) I like it just now when you call I bret . listen to I now . what ? annabelle what , dear bret ? maverick when you be go to bluff , do not flick you fingernails against you front tooth . that 's the second giveaway you have get to work on . ( continued ) maverick - Rev. 11/15/93 72 continued : 77 . * ( 7 ) 72 indian be he always this slow ? annabelle ( come apart ) even at a moment like this , you be think of other . joseph you should see he play card . annabelle grab and kiss maverick . maverick Goodbye , my lady . coop have arrive with he horse . horse . maverick get on he maverick you be right , coop . I never feel better in my life than I do right now . coop take care of yourself . maverick see , now when they cut my hand off , my lucky shirt will fit again ... and he mount he horse , ride up toward he fate as we - 73 omitted 73 74 ext . wagon train - area # 2 - long shot - morning 74 of the entire wagon train watch maverick go . every one of they desperately move . hold ... 75 each and ext . hill above wagon train - joseph - morning as maverick reach he . joseph ( in English now - he speak well ) what be all that ? maverick ( at same time ) what 's with the drum and the war paint ?! ( continued ) 75 maverick - Rev. 11/15/93 75 78. continued : * 75 maverick & joseph ( together ) tell you later . maverick I could die happy right now ... maverick turn back to wagon train , throw a heroic wave . everyone ride off in a cloud of dust . 76 ext . indian village - day 76 maverick and Joseph near a large teepee . Joseph be clearly the leader of he tribe and he teepee reflect this . gorgeous skin as rug , gorgeous feather headdress hang from the wall . Joseph be help maverick test a brand new bipedal machine -- a primitive bicycle . joseph gotta pedal ... gotta pedal . maverick where do you get this piece of junk ? joseph I win it off a Russian in a card game . maverick I think I prefer horse . maverick fall . maverick what be you laugh at ? joseph it 's never be ride before . maverick it 's so beautiful here . do pick the spot . you sure joseph ( nod ) too beautiful -- next time when you people drive we out , I be go to find a nice piece of swampland - something so awful you will leave we the hell alone . they ad lib as they head for the teepee . ( continued ) maverick - Rev. 11/15/93 77 79 . ext . teepee - later * 77 Joseph walk to maverick at the fire with a bowl of food . joseph here . maverick that good ? joseph do not whistle . the war drum start . maverick why the drum ? and the warpaint ? the horse ? joseph we have a rotten harvest so when this Russian archduke come along ... that 's where I get the bike ... he want to see the ' real West ' -( shrug ) -- I say okay . he pay well . we go whooping around in warpaint like idiot and beat that stupid drum . it 's get on my nerve . ( shake he head ) he like I to speak like we be suppose to in book . ( the cliche indian now ) ' how , white man . ' ( beat ) you people be such asshole . and now he lapse into silence . not a happy man . maverick do not get so down -- it 's not like you be marry to he . he will be go and you will have the money . joseph ( miserable ) that 's not it -- bret , I do not have the thousand I owe you -- I do not have the money . he have to change ruble to dollar . maverick be really upset . ( continued ) maverick - Rev. 11/15/93 77 80 . continued : * 77 maverick when ? ( shaking he head ) now I have get to win three thousand the next couple of day to get the damn twenty - five thousand entrance fee . joseph you be in the big game ? joseph you have get twenty - two thousand ? ( off maverick 's nod ) Cash ? maverick not frog skin . joseph I have never see that much - where be it , can I see it ? on that - maverick 's saddlebag as he go to it , open it , take out he leather drawstring bag --- Joseph be excited watch . maverick open the bag - joseph ha ha . -- after which he go into shock -- the bag be fill with roll - up sear catalog paper . ( lot of ad lib . ) maverick that rotten annabelle - ( big ) -- how could she rob I when I be go to face my doom ? I could shoot she . -- I will . ( drop the now -empty bag -- deep gloom have descend ) I be never gonna make it to that tournament ... I be a dead man . joseph goldilocks ? ( commiserate ) you be a dead man . ( continued ) maverick - Rev. 11/15/93 77 continued : 81 . ( 2 ) exactly . * 77 maverick I be a dead man . joseph and now the thing you least expect : a smile . joseph no , you really be a dead man . listen to I ... as maverick look at he as if he be crazy - 78 omitted 78 79 ext . meadow / stream - joseph - next afternoon 79 riding he magnificent horse at full gallop through a stream . a couple of brave alongside he . pull back to reveal ... a number of tent all of they surround something we have not expect to see : a large custom wagon ( a 1870 motor home ) . it rest in the middle of a meadow . 80 ext . archduke's motorhome - day 80 near the wagon as Joseph arrive . it be ornate , fill with artwork of all kind , clearly Russian in origin . a artist , vilmos , be painting . the archduke come out . archduke where 's the waterfall ? vilmos I make nature more beautiful . he 's the kind of guy if he be not so rich and powerful , you would want to clobber . spoil beyond belief , the product of decade of inbreed , he be reminiscent of Peter ustinov in quo vadis when he play nero . joseph look at he big asshole . ( speak in flawless french subtitled ) good afternoon . I hope his majesty have have a happy day . ( continued ) maverick - Rev. 11/15/93 80 82. continued : * 80 archduke ( in flawless french too -- subtitled ) I know you be teach by missionary but I hate it when you speak that way -- it simply be not authentic . now do it right . joseph ( raise he right hand ) how , white man . archduke ( English now ) hello , Noble Savage -- I have have a terrible day . I have kill every animal in sight and it 's boring I . joseph ( " too easy " ) maybe he largeness be interested in great western thrill of all . archduke greatest western thrill ? it ? what ? what be joseph ( motion he to come around ) come . the archduke and Joseph join at the wagon . archduke what be great thrill ? joseph kill injun . archduke stagger . archduke kill ... be you crazy ? no ... no ... oh , I could not possibly ... be that legal here ? ( continued ) maverick - Rev. 11/15/93 80 continued : 83. ( 2 ) * 80 joseph if no one find out , very legal . besides , white man have be do it for year . ( beat ) much wampum need . archduke ( into it now ) I have never shot anyone before . joseph now 's you big chance . archduke how much ? joseph five ... thousand dollar . archduke would we have to tie he up ? do not seem sport . that joseph him loose . but easy hit . dying anyway . put out of misery . much pain . archduke deal . joseph deal . now , as the archduke start to get excited - 81 ext . burned - out forest - afternoon 81 later in the afternoon . maverick , magnificently paint to look like a indian , stand alone . from a distance , in point of fact , he actually look like a indian . now , at the sound of horse , he bend over , groan , he hand across he stomach as we ... joseph and archduke Joseph hold he giant bow and arrow , the archduke he hunt rifle . ( continued ) maverick - Rev. 11/15/93 81 84 . continued : * 81 joseph I go give he courage . ( as the archduke start with he ) no -- indian law say death be private . you wait here . the archduke nod . Joseph go to look for maverick . we see maverick with all he indian makeup on . maverick hey . joseph bret ? who else ? maverick do you fix he gun ? joseph could not -- he never let it out of he hand . maverick -- what 's in it for I if I die ? joseph I get he up to five hundred dollar . maverick Worth the risk . okay . let 's go . joseph 250 apiece . maverick 250 ? I be take all the risk . what do you need 250 for ? joseph hey , that 's my lucky shirt . maverick why do not you ever wash it ? stink . it joseph you wash all the luck out of it . maverick you get a point . ( continued ) maverick - Rev. 11/15/93 81 continued : 85 . ( 2 ) 81 joseph ( call to archduke ) soo ... archduke . the archduke come to he . joseph look sick . archduke tell he to start run . maverick leave . * the archduke raise he gun . joseph ( move into the line of fire - shouting ) no -- no -- no -- wrong. archduke ( as Joseph run up ) what 's wrong ? -( gesture toward the sky ) I do not want to lose the light . joseph injun shot by white man 's weapon never reach happy hunt ground . ( hand over he bow and arrow ) injun must die injun way . archduke ( grumpily exchange weapon ) I have never use one of this . joseph easy . maverick sort of limping along . archduke aiming the bow and arrow . maverick limping on , groan brilliantly . ( continued ) maverick - Rev. 11/15/93 81 continued : 86 . ( 3 ) * 81 archduke maverick dead in he sight now --- and he fire --- and he miss -- the arrow thudding into a tree next to he . -- and he sting he hand like hell . shake he hand . he cry out , maverick react -- toss he stick and run . maverick tear through the forest . joseph not bad . ( to maverick in indian ) not so fast . ( in English ) you lucky ... archduke ( throw the bow down , take he rifle ) no wonder you people be so easy to conquer . joseph ( move in front of the rifle ) two thousand dollar . archduke two thousand . you do not think he will mind miss Heaven ? joseph not if you shoot fast - and on that they step . archduke one shot ring out and ... maverick scream in pain , he hand go to he heart . once , fall . he stagger ( continued ) maverick - Rev. 11/15/93 81 continued : 87 . ( 4 ) * 81 joseph and archduke archduke ( thrilled ) I kill he . I really kill he . can we do this again tomorrow ? joseph ( shake he head ) no rest of tribe healthy . back in winter . come archduke ( on he horse now ) you be just go to leave he for the vulture ? joseph never like he much anyway . come , we get the money . the archduke walk . Joseph do bird call . call back and sneak a look . 82 maverick ext . indian village - dusk 82 maverick be finish remove he paint as Joseph ride up . even now . fire all over . partner . joseph we do it . maverick get away from I you sob . could have kill I . he joseph we have to make it look real . ( hand bow and arrow ) Fire . shoot it . go on . I save you life . maverick do -- same as with the archduke it hurt . joseph hurt , do not it ? the archduke 's finger be so sore he could not shoot anything . ( hand 50 ) Fresh from the mint . you earn it . ( continued ) maverick - Rev. 11/15/93 82 continued : 87a . * 82 maverick I would kiss you , but too many people . joseph so on you way . he smile . maverick ( wring he hand still ) how be I go to explain I get away with my hand still attach ? joseph lie . tell they you get we all drunk on firewater and escape in the confusion . maverick think anyone will believe that ? joseph you people will believe anything . ( beat ) do not worry -- besides , I get the old dunce up to a thousand dollar . I can pay you what I owe you now . maverick why not two thousand ? joseph be too much . maverick just need another twenty - four . he count . joseph do not insult I by count it . maverick sorry , but lately my friend have be stiffing I . joseph ( a arm around maverick ) what be friend for ...? they react and exit . maverick - Rev. 11/15/93 82a 87b . ext . indian village - morning 82a maverick ride away from Village -- cross stream . 83 ext . trail - day 83 maverick , riding along a trail go the opposite direction as when he leave . turning in trail rock on either side . as he take it he see a ... riderless horse the rider , face down , lie moan in deep pain . his body be at a funny angle -- leg could be break . maverick reining in , dismount . maverick hang on . guy on ground groaning be louder . maverick kneel , gently turn the guy over . closeup - guy he 's the first person we see in the movie , the guy with the wander eye who witness the hang . maverick have no idea who the guy be . wandering eye he whisper . as maverick bend close -( continued ) 88 . 83 continued : 83 angel and guy with burned face appear behind he and while he be unaware , burn face grab he gun from its holster while angel deliver a vicious kick to the back of the head . maverick fall to the ground , stunne , in sudden pain . start to rise -- he -- but too late --- angel deliver another terrible kick -- this one flush in the stomach . maverick gasp . angel another kick into the stomach . this one harder . maverick be beginning to go pale . impossible to breathe now . angel should have pay you cowhand more , maverick . ( and now kick maverick brutally in the neck -- ) lucky for you I be not the kind who mind be make a fool of . as he gesture for other to join he in beat the hell out of maverick - angel I never would have let you make the poker game -- but before you do what you do , I might have let you live . maverick try to retaliate as best as he can --- but the attack be too sudden , too vicious --- and as the beat continue - 84 ext . hanging tree - day the sky . 84 thunder . -- we be back at the shot that end the open sequence -( continued ) 89 . 84 continued : 84 -- maverick 's hang . the rattler be move out of the burlap sack . they wriggle closer to maverick on he horse . his horse be a rock . maverick struggle to free himself harder than ever , all he 's get and more and the rattler will not stop -- will -- not -- stop - the horse see the rattler now --- and do not budge . maverick in desperation increase he effort . thunderclaps . lightn . the rattler start to curl . totally without warning , maverick 's horse bolt . maverick 's body drop into space . he hang helpless in mid-air . the rattler continue to curl . maverick fight somehow to free he neck from the noose --- try somehow to find a way to survive . no good . not enough breath . his body 's struggle become more feeble . then more feeble still . he be a strong and powerful man but in the last hour he have be in gunfight , be beat half to death --- he energy be go . go . almost go now . ( continued ) 90 . 84 continued : ( 2 ) 84 his body hang motionless in space . nothing leave . as he eye start to close - 85 ext . hanging tree - day -- the loudest thunderclap of all . 85 deafen -- -- and the whole goddam branch maverick be hang from be rip from the tree , and as it fall hard to the ground , maverick with it --- the rattler be all around he . in they midst . he 's land stunne it 's impossible to tell which one of they will strike first . now - two gnarle hand that 's all we see at first , just the hand . one of they grab the burlap sack , the other start scoop up the rattler , put they back inside . no fear of consequence . one-two-three -four-five-six , and the rattler be go from view . and once they be - pull back to reveal ... the magician , for that , we will learn , be the name of the woman we be look at . Little old woman , more precisely . weird -look little old woman , more precisely still . she be dress in clothing that neither fit nor match . when she talk , she talk very loudly . clearly she do not get a lot of company . right now she be not talk at all , just stare at maverick 's still body . mounted on she strange little cart be the biggest buffalo gun you ever see . it be what blast the tree branch to the ground . and smoke still drift out of the barrel and hang in the air . now she take a foot , push maverick over so he 's on he back . next she aim the huge weapon at maverick 's heart . ( continued ) 91 . 85 continued : 85 the magician I be a gonna kill you . maverick barely able to speak . still , this latest piece of news be not so much upsetting as it be strange . maverick ( whisper ) ... if you be go to do that ... why do not you just let I hang ...? the magician come closer . the magician ' cuz then you would not have know would you crime . maverick ( blink up ) ... who be you ...? and what 's my crime ...? the magician I be nobody -- nobody a-tall -( a bit tick ) -- never mind who I be -- it do not matter a whit who I be -( more ) -- how dare you ask who I be ? - it 's none of you business who I be -- the subject under discussion be you and you crime -( bigger ) -- the crime you be gonna die for -( huge ) -- the crime that 's gonna condemn you to hell be this : ( roaring ) you steal my rattlesnake . maverick he 's just in terrible shape but he do not think he be go mad . maverick ... do I look like a rattlesnake thief ? ( continued ) 92 . 85 continued : ( 2 ) 85 the magician ( study maverick a long while , the huge gun still aim . finally she nod ) that 's exactly what you look like . maverick you be wrong -- I play card . the magician ( shake she head ) a gambler ? not in that shirt . maverick he close he eye , try to laugh --- but he can not . not just because he have not the strength but because he be far beyond exhaustion . his body begin to shake , as if with fever . hold on maverick . now - 86 int . magician be cabin - closeup - big rattlesnake - day pull back to reveal ... the magician 's cabin . he have be ill . maverick lie on a cot . clearly , the rattler begin to slither up a leg of the cot on which he lie . the magician sit across the room in a rock chair . the magician ( as if to a dog ) Henry , you get offa there this minute ! rattler it know who 's boss . it slither down the leg of the cot , scot across the room . room just as strangely furnish as the magician be strangely dress . it 's not a small room at all . and on the wall be some beautiful oil painting . some gorgeous handmade quilt . ( continued ) 86 93 . 86 continued : 86 on the floor -- a large and obviously expensive oriental rug . in the corner -- several huge bag . plus one more thing : the whole room be fill with rattlesnake of vary shape and size . maverick eye slowly open . he manage to lift he head , take in he surroundings . maverick ... this hell ...? the magician no , ya fool , it 's my home -- I decide you be too dumb to steal my baby . maverick how long I be sick ? what day be it ? the magician Son , I lose track of what year it be year ago . couple day , maybe , maybe more ' to couple . ( glance at blue bottle over bed ) I would not if I be you . maverick ( no clue ) say again ? the magician you be think of steal my bottle -- do not deny it , the whole world want my bottle , be not a bottle collection in a thousand mile equal to mine and I be tell you true , you so much as touch one , I will have you fange to death . ( beat ) you be almost hang . maverick I be there , I remember . ( continued ) 94 . 86 continued : ( 2 ) 86 the magician that 's what get you off you feed , rest a little , you will be fine . get up , come over , look down at maverick . maverick 's eye be close again before the sentence be finish . now - 87 int . the magician be cabin - twilight 87 the magician cooking at the stove in another corner of she home . maverick he sit in a chair at a small wooden table with two chair . a thick blanket be throw across he shoulder . the magician bring he a plate of food . or at least a plate of something . maverick look at it suspiciously . maverick what do you call this ? the magician it do not pay to ask too many question . plate at least nothing look alive . maverick he take a bite ; that 's enough . the magician you will wanna get you strength back . maverick say nothing . maverick what do you call this ? * * the magician it 's one of my specialty . * * maverick ( toy with it , do not eat ) I be really not hungry . * * * * ( continued ) 95 . 87 continued : * 87 the magician what do you think ? maverick ( do not get it ) sorry ? the magician ( roaring suddenly ) I be not address you . now shut up . ( quiet tone ) what do you think ... Henry ? ( beat ; listen ) you do ? -- that 's interesting . ( to maverick ) Henry think you deserve to be punish -- Henry think all people who be rude and insulting to I deserve to be punish -( building ) -- do you grow the food that make you meal ? no . do you cook the food that make you meal ? no . do you know it be something I be proud of ? yes . I tell you it be a speciality but you decide , ' what do she know , she do not look like such a great chef to I , why should I eat she speciality ? ' ( roaring again ) you should eat it because you be a guest in my house and I work hard to please you -- now we will try it again , you ask what it be and I say it 's a speciality , now what do you say ? I will tell you what you say . you say ' yum . ' can you handle that ? maverick yum. ( beat ) should I rub my tummy too ? the magician suddenly laugh . the magician now that be funny . ( continued ) 96 . 87 continued : ( 2 ) 87 suddenly she whap he ear hard like he be misbehave in school . * * the magician I hate funny people . * * maverick * he start to take small spoonfuls now . be not in it -- but he heart * * the magician you will want to get you strength back . * * * maverick and this be the first time we have ever see he like this : he 's down . the optimism , the good-heart quality that have always be with he -- that 's go . maverick right now , I do not know what I need it for . see , there 's gonna be a poker championship - twenty - five thousand entrance fee . poker 's what I have do all my life and I want to know how good I be . once and for all . ( beat ) get rob . what I have 's probably be spend . game may have start already for all I know . the magician lemme tell you something true - money be not worth shit . closeup - maverick Long pause . then -- maverick it be not the money ... it be the know . hold on maverick . 88 then -- int / ext . the magician be cabin - day 88 there 's a strange feel to it . it 's sunny but there 's thunder . huge cloud scud across the horizon . ( continued ) 97 . 88 continued : 88 two chair set up alongside a large tree stump . sit in one of they , stare at the sky . maverick the ground around he be fill with rattler , take in the sunshine . the magician carry a couple of the large bag we see in a corner . they be heavy , cause a problem for she . she have a large pistol tuck into she belt . maverick be unarm . maverick be start to look like himself again . his problem be the rattler . he eye they suspiciously as the magician walk toward he . the magician ( spot the look ) oh , do not worry none . they be sweet as pie -( beat ) -- least , of course , I tell they to bite . maverick but you would not do that . the magician ( mean this ) do it in a fingersnap if people rile I . ground as she put the bag down --- a few rattler hiss , slither out of the way . the magician sit in the other chair . the magician be think about you finances . ( point to a bag ) guess what 's in here ? ( big ) the answer to you trouble . bag as she open it , pour out its content . it 's shit -- worthless -- tin plate , cup , ladle . ( continued ) 98 . 88 continued : ( 2 ) * 88 the magician some of they 's real old -( pronounce this next anti-que ) -- antique . maverick I do not think the champion will accept -( beat ) -- even genuine anti-que . the magician there he go again , right , Henry ? maverick what would I do this time ? the magician we be only on this earth to help each other -- when I say something wrong , you ought to help I -- you ought to say , ' I think it 's pronounce antique . ' do it . maverick I think it 's pronounce ' antique . ' the magician well , be not that interesting , thank you for the tip . and on that , she belt he hard on the ear , like a schoolmistress to a recalcitrant child . maverick just look at she . the magician I be you hostess , ya fool , what right you get correct I ? maverick but you say - the magician never pay attention to what I say -( beat ; take the second sack ) -- now listen carefully - as she open it : maverick oh good , more plate . ( continued ) 99 . 88 continued : ( 3 ) 88 maverick shock . and we find out why as we : the magician hold the other bag wide -- and it 's stuff with cash . the magician grab a handful , hold it out . it 's tie up in a bundle . the magician I get twenty - five time twentyfive thousand in here . ( slap the money down on the tree trunk ) there 's more and you entrance fee right there . counted it out last night . the two of they , the money and tree stump between they . and of course , the snake hissing contentedly on the ground . maverick incredible . the magician ( shrug ) Nah -- I be a hermit here forty year -- this be rough country , lot of people die . when I find them I keep what look valuable . ( pick up the bundle of money , hold it out ) want it ? no loan or nothing , I would just give it to you . I would like that . maverick reach for the money --- the magician pull it back . the magician ( roaring ) now I be not no fool -- I want something in return - maverick what ? ( continued ) 100 . 88 continued : ( 4 ) 88 closeup - the magician the magician I want for you to do magic . maverick nothing make sense . the magician toss the money back and forth as she speak . the magician see , when I be little -( pause ; then start to cackle ) -- I be little , I mean when I be young -- yes I be once , a child - anyway , animal be always nearby , not dog , not cat , different kind , butterfly like I , bee use to follow I around , and people think I be magical but I be not , I just treat everything the way I want to be treat , if you be nice to bee , cordial and all , well , they like it , something most people do not realize ' cause most people do not take the time , where be I ? - maverick I have no idea whatsoever - the magician ( mutter a moment , then ) Magic ! it 's inside you , somewhere it be , I know that . maverick you do not know a thing about I . the magician ( roaring ) I know what you be blabbing when you be sick ! maverick ( can not remember ) what do I say ? ( continued ) 101 . 88 continued : ( 5 ) 88 the magician you do magic with the ace of sapde , I want to know about it . maverick ( shake he head ) that be personal . the magician I really be interested ! ( pistol be out - but only briefly ; put it back ) Nah -- I save you too often already to kill you now . but you owe I . maverick a long pause . maverick ( soft ) I guess I do . the magician what be so personal about it ? maverick my mother be die and I want to please she before she leave . ( remember ) I think I have magic that day . ( beat ) but I be wrong . closeup - maverick a reverie . maverick I have a way with card , even when I be little -- she use to like I to do trick . ( beat ) and that last day -- I be do the usual -- but then I feel I have to be special for -- I say I would close my eye and cut she the ace of spade -- it be she favorite card . whenever I would ask she to think of a card , she always say ' ace of spade . ' ( continued ) 102 . 88 continued : ( 6 ) 88 the magician watch . the snake be move around she chair . she gesture for they to stop -- instantly , they go still . maverick still in the reverie . maverick I close my eye and she shuffle and I cut -( beat ) -- but I fail . get a spade , but it be just the nine , anyone can do that . the magician I will get some card . this time you will cut the ace for sure . maverick it will not work . the magician try. maverick I be not go to do it . I be not go to fail again -- get that through you head . the magician as suddenly she make a sound we have not hear from she before and - rattler start to go wild and - maverick stare , freeze - maverick maybe I will give it a shot after all . the magician make another strange sound . calm own . the snake ( continued ) 103 . 88 continued : ( 7 ) 88 the magician somehow I figure you might change you mind . now , from that - deck of card the magician be finish shuffle . she plop they down on the tree trunk , make a neat pile . pull back to reveal : maverick and the magician seat across from each other . the snake be all around -- they seem fascinate , all of they face the tree trunk . maverick eye the snake -- they do not do much for he peace of mind or he confidence -- but clearly , he have no confidence anyway . the magician she place the wad of money next to the card , gesture for maverick to start . he hesitates , then -maverick he start breathe more deeply . it 's almost as if he 's try to enter a different state . he stare up - giant cloud move by the wind . the magician wait . rattlesnake wait . maverick Voice almost in a reverie . maverick I love my mother a whole lot ... she be everything you could want -( continued ) 104 . 88 continued : ( 8 ) 88 the magician you stalling ? maverick I guess . the magician well , quit it ! closeup - maverick he put he hand in he lap . it 's as if he 's try to go into a deep trance now . he 's breathe deeply . wind turn into music . and now something strange : the a gorgeous theme . it play on . the magician catch up in it , watch . the snake seem catch up in it too -- they be not watch the card anymore ; they be turn to maverick . maverick and now he close he eye . his breathe grow very deep . the wind music be louder , more beautiful . he drop he hand into he lap . his head loll back -- and suddenly the music be go --- he eye open , he shake he head . maverick I be try to go somewhere in my mind . could not . the magician I be watch -- you be get into a trance -- you be almost there . maverick ( dubious ) you just want it to happen , that 's all -- nothing feel right . the magician you give up too fast -- if magic be easy , everyone would do it . you want to win that poker thing , do not you ? ( continued ) 105 . 88 continued : ( 9 ) 88 maverick I do . the magician well , you be not gonna win nothing without a spot deep inside that tell you it 's okay . a spot that say , ' be a fool if you want , just be the best fool around , and I will stay with you forever . ' maverick I do not want to be a fool . the magician you think when I be little and play with doll I think , ' I can not wait to grow up so I can be a hermit and have rattlesnake for friend ? ' closeup - the magician the magician I be whipped and beat and leave to die and I could have , but that spot talk to I , it tell I , ' no , do not let the world piss on you , it 's okay to live alone , rattler do not talk back and they be more honest than most people , get a move on . ' ( beat ) now I be a great hermit and I would not be nothing else . rattler they have be watch the magician . at maverick . now they look maverick ( soft ) I be whipped and beat and leave to die . the magician Point of my story . maverick for a moment , he do not move at all . then he sit deeper in the chair again , close he eye , breathes deep , deeper . the wind music be back . ( continued ) 106 . 88 continued : ( 10 ) 88 his hand be limp in he lap . the music be glorious . the magician watch . she pick up a rattler , stroke it for luck , put it back . maverick his voice strange . the music continue through this . maverick ... right hand ... the magician what about it ? maverick take it . lift it . ( as the magician obey ) now put it on the card . the magician obey . card on the tree stump , maverick 's hand , still limp , rest on they --- then the hand gain tension --- the finger move --- move up and down the deck . maverick God know where he be now but he 's a long way from here . the breathe deep , regular ; the eye shut . the wind music have never be as fine . the magician watch maverick 's hand ; it move as if it have a life of its own . maverick hand it stop . maverick Voice stranger than before . ( continued ) 107 . 88 continued : ( 11 ) 88 maverick ... right hand ... the magician what about it ? maverick ... lift it ... ( as the magician obey ) ... turn it ... ( as the magician obey ) ... look ... the magician stare . card -- and he 's do it ! --- cut the ace of spade --- at least that 's what we think . but on second glance , it 's clear he 's miss . cian hold the ace of club . the magi- maverick eye open now , see he 's fail again . dead , go . exhausted , he stare . the wind music be the magician and she 's never look happy before . money , shove it at maverick . she grab the the magician give you my best horse too . maverick why ? I fail again . you be wrong about I . the magician my lord , you be the dumbest creature on the planet -( now she grab he hand ) -- not to mention you give up too soon . ( more ) ( continued ) 108 . 88 continued : ( 12 ) 88 the magician ( cont 'd ) ( she drop he hand back on the deck ) lift it . * next card it be the ace of spade . * maverick and magician magician next time you will get it right --- maybe the time after the next time . but you get magic inside you -- know it all along -- that 's what make I a great hermit -( beat ) I know thing . ( throw more money at maverick ) buy yourself some clothes that fit -- thank I I will kill you -( she grab up Henry ) -- now get outta my life . ( sweetly , to Henry ) yes ... there 's a good baby , yes ... maverick reach down , lift she , kiss she , put she back --- and she whap he hard across the cheek . magician never do like be kiss by strange men. ( beat ) and you be very strange ... she start to cackle at she joke , close she eye , stroke Henry happily -* 89 ext . river / riverboat - day 89 a explosion of people and noise . we be on the front deck of a riverboat . ( continued ) maverick - Rev. 11/15/93 89 109 . continued : * 89 we're on the Columbia River on a gorgeous afternoon . off by the railing , a brass band blast away . behind they be a sign read : welcome to the first annual - ever all river' poker championship pull back to reveal the town they have leave . 90 ext . riverboat - deck - day 90 maverick , move across the front deck . another flight of stair . he make he way through the crowd . again , wear new clothes -- ahead of he be he look terrific -- not to mention a new shirt . this one fit . make he way toward the staircase -- as he and on that - 91 ext . riverboat - deck - day 91 annabelle , for it be she voice , as she go to he . she 's thrilled he 's there , hold he , kiss he cheek . annabelle bret ?! bret maverick !! oh my god ! my very own hero , alive and well . she check he body . maverick you seem glad to see I ... I be not exactly a whole man anymore . he hold up he right hand , which be up he sleeve , he reveal it into she face and she scream . she clutches it to she breast and then realize its intimacy and slap he . annabelle how do you ever escape from that hostile ? he do not answer . annabelle have I do something to offend you ? ( continued ) maverick - Rev. 11/15/93 91 110 . continued : * 91 maverick Mrs. bransford , I like to think I enjoy a prank as much as the next man , but have you no memory of robbing I blind as I go off to face death with the Indians ? annabelle ( hurt ) if you ever believe anything I tell you , believe this -- I do not do it ... ( as maverick be not buy -- he just stare she down ) ... then . maverick then ?... then when and why ? annabelle ( cont 'd ) I have to protect my fifty percent . maverick fifty percent ? last I hear it be thirty . it be forty . about it . annabelle I feel real terrible maverick not terrible enough to give it back . annabelle ( fiddle - de - dee ) I hope nothing ever make I feel that terrible . crowd around they maverick spot someone but the guy turn away so that we be not totally sure who it be . maverick and annabelle she 's look around too . ( continued ) maverick - Rev. 11/15/93 91 continued : 111 . ( 2 ) 91 annabelle oh bret , my beautiful perfect male , I do not want to seem ungrateful but why do you omit that three thousand dollar ? maverick do I do that ? I be sorry , I do not mean to stiff you . annabelle ( look around again ) I have only be able to break even this last day at the poker table . maverick you mean you can not enter ? annabelle ( she can not ) and my poor pure heart be so set on it . maverick . without hesitation ... maverick well , set on this ! you stay just as pure as you can ! exit line because he have spot the Duke . annabelle delighted . grab it . annabelle be there no end to you goodness ? maverick I have always be a sucker for a pretty face with a sad story . annabelle Heaven will welcome you for this . ( put it in she purse ) now tell I how you escape . maverick get them all drunk and slip out in the confusion . ( continued ) * maverick - Rev. 11/15/93 91 continued : 112 . ( 3 ) 91 annabelle how could I not adore you ? maverick you be irresistible - annabelle ( nod ) -- how true . maverick ( leave she ) make I proud . as he go - 91a ext . riverboat - on deck - day maverick , move through the crowd . 91a now -- man we do not quite see before as maverick tap he . maverick Excuse I , folk . could I have a word with you ? * * * * -- it 's the archduke , very surprised at be treat this way . archduke do you know who I be ? * * maverick I know who I be and that 's what matter -( beat ) -- maverick , indian affair . archduke * * Indians ? they walk away to be private . * maverick it 's over for you , dukey -- Joseph talk . archduke I do not know anyone by that name . ( continued ) maverick - Rev. 11/15/93 91 a 113. continued : 91a maverick that 's funny . that 's what he say about you when I start investigate the murder . once I jaile he , he tell the truth . and I think you will too . * * archduke but I be no american . * maverick murder be murder , dukey ... minimum of ten year and a three thousand dollar fine . archduke ( desperate ) shit ... I have three thousand dollar right here . * * * take out a wallet . maverick you know the penalty for bribe someone in indian affair ? archduke ( panicked ) I be go home anyway . ( practically throw three thousand at maverick ) this way I pay my due and save you the cost of the trial . maverick ( hesitant ) Court be overworked , I admit it . ( beat ) give you a break -- do not shoot anymore Indians . maverick take the money . archduke he start off , stop , look closely at maverick 's face . archduke why do I think I see you before ? ( continued ) maverick - Rev. 11/15/93 91 a continued : 113a . ( 2 ) 91a maverick there 's a lot of tall , dark stranger in this part of the country . he start off down the stair as the archduke walk away . maverick do a indian war whoop . the archduke react . 91b ext . riverboat - day 91b the archduke on a small boat , hurry away . 91c lower deck 91c annabelle be now surround by ten admirer . all chat . they be maverick come downstairs and cross to she . maverick have there be a accident ? I be a doctor . Excuse I , Mrs. bransford , I need to talk to you . annabelle Excuse I , gentleman ... they all ad lib goodby as maverick take she upstairs . maverick I want to show you something . ( stop ) stand closer . I do not want anyone to see I get this out . Close you eye , annabelle . maverick take out three thousand dollar and hand it to she . maverick you be in the game . annabelle scream and grab the money . annabelle be there no end to you goodness ? maverick apparently not . ( continued ) * maverick - Rev. 11/15/93 91c 113b . continued : 91c annabelle Heaven will kiss you for this one , Mr. maverick . maverick I just realize something . annabelle what ? maverick you can not help it , can you ? be irresistible . you they move upstairs . maverick if by some chance , you should win , I would like fifty percent . annabelle that go both way . I will take fifty percent of you winning . she walk out . maverick let 's consider it a loan . and the follow . CUT to : 92 ext . riverboat - deck - day 92 another gambler , move toward they . handsome , tall , trim , he 's get a smile that might melt the world . maverick ( they be friend ) think you would be here . ( introduce ) Mrs. bransford , this be Mr. Smith . they nod politely . stuttering ( gambler ) ( say perfectly ) Peter piper pick a peck of pickle pepper . ( continued ) * 114 . 92 continued : 92 maverick ( delighted ) that 's wonderful . stuttering ( it turn out he have a speech problem ; explain to annabelle ) yeah -- b-b- but how often do it kuh -- come up in conversation ? * * now , from that -* 93 ext . riverboat - deck - day 93 the brass band in all its glory . blast on . 94 noise and excitement and -- int . maverick state room - day 94 maverick , be show into a state room by a uniform steward . he tip the guy who leave . he seem casual and confident . maverick take out he money , stare at it . closeup - maverick holding the money . for the first time now we can see he 's edgy . he tilt he head , as if listen for something --- and now , very faint , the wind music be back --- but only for a instant . silence in the room again . maverick 's edginess increase as we - 95 int . riverboat - MAIN salon - day 95 a room that be definitely not silent . we be in the main cabin of the riverboat . it 's get chandelier , ornate woodwork , high ceiling --- it be also over 100 foot long . with lot of people . ( continued ) 115 . 95 continued : * 95 they mill around , expectantly . busy bartender . bar on both wall with tables with leather armchair have be set up in the center of the room . people be already drink heavily . 96 int . riverboat - MAIN cabin - day 96 the mob . noisier now . maverick , in a corner , watch it all . annabelle join he . annabelle ( quickly ) -- I remember both giveaway you teach I and I will not touch my finger together and I will not flick my tooth -- but if I be go to win , I need more tell - maverick -- you have zero chance of win -- the only reason I give you the three be in hope of personally ruin you . annabelle ( stung ) I could get lucky , mister man . maverick okay , you be right ... camera begin to drift away . we see be : we hear maverick , but what several other gambler , nervously wait . they in the game . ) ( we will see several spectator , laugh and drink . several musician , perspire . instrument . silently finger last : two man we have see before . buried in the crowd - they're the two guy that open the picture , angel 's cohort who help hang maverick . during this we hear : ( continued ) 116 . 96 continued : * 96 maverick if a guy 's clothes look funny , he may be cheating with a holdout , watch for that -- if someone ask for a rule clarification , before he bet , run and hide , he know the rule and be try to sucker you . now as the music start - 97 int . MAIN salon - day 97 four musician . they never stop play . the group consist of a fiddler , a cornet player , a fifer , and the fourth have a upright piano . they repertoire be stuff like " sweet betsy from Pike , " " lily Dale , " " the yellow Rose of Texas , " many lovely sentimental love song of the 1870s . they only add to the excitement and hubbub . 98 int . MAIN salon - day 98 annabelle , eye half - close , mutter to herself , try to remember it all . now , suddenly - 99 int . MAIN salon - the angel - day 99 better dress than when we last see he . still the kind of presence that could scare child , but at least now he 's clean . he stare at maverick , shocked . the angel how the hell do you get here - tell I - maverick -- no , bastard , you tell I - what do you mean when you say you never would have let I make this game ? who be try to stop I ? the angel ( beat , menace smile ) gonna be a real pleasure play you again - and as he go -( continued ) 117 . 99 continued : 99 maverick ( shake he head in bewilderment ) any other of the gang around ? it 's like old home week . annabelle ( speak to someone unseen ) he get they all drunk on firewater and escape in the confusion . coop he never look brave or tougher . badge . he wear a marshal 's * coop be expect you . 100 * int . MAIN salon - day 100 a gigantic go be struck . go it be be strike by a powerful ship 's steward . 101 int . MAIN salon - day 101 the room . quieting . burst of tension laughter . the musician , for once , quiet . even maverick no doubt about it , he 's anxious . a remarkably impressive - looking man Middle -ag , vigorous as hell , he move up alongside the go . this be commodore devol who , we will soon find , own the ship . the commodore be beautifully and expensively dress . when he smile , which come easily , it 's very win . he 's bright , shrewd , and have be a leader all he life . ( continued ) 118 . 101 continued : 101 the commodore ( commodore devol ) welcome to my ship and the first ever annual championship . the only reason it exist be because I have every intention of win it . ( smile ) some of you know I . some of you even like I . ' course , some of you be probably fool . ( as there be laughter ; he acknowledge it happily ) the truth be this : I be a great businessman and a great poker player which , along with my great natural modesty , make I so enchant . ( now he turn serious ) rule be simple . we play ' till we drop . winner take all . Dealer can call one break of one half hour . soon as you be bust , you be go . twenty of we be play which mean there 's gonna be nineteen break heart . because I plan on win it all -- half a million cash -- by morning . and on as before . crowd half a million be a fortune and this register . maverick the noise from the crowd be enormous . nod to he . maverick smile . a rich chinaman maverick ( in greeting ) twitchy . ( to annabelle ) never try read he . annabelle nod , click she tooth with she fingernail , then remember that 's a no - no , slap she own hand , fold she arm . ( continued ) 119 . 101 continued : ( 2 ) 101 the commodore ask for quiet . the commodore gambler -- every spectator have pay a hundred dollar to be here -- so let 's make it a great contest . ( beat ) a honest great contest -- and for that reason , I have import one of the remarkable lawmen in the west to run thing . marshal Zane Cooper , come here . coop he move up alongside the commodore . coop thank you , commodore devol . ( beat ) anyone catch cheating forfeit he entrance fee and be ban . ( raise he gun ) see this ? it 's the only one allow in this room . anyone break that law will risk I break they bone . he 's do . the commodore contestant step forward -- and bring you money . maverick as he make he way forward through the crowd . bunch of other we recognize annabelle and the angel -- do the same . 102 int . MAIN salon - coop - day 102 he hold a large satchel --- it be cramme with hundred - dollar bill . ( continued ) 120 . 102 continued : 102 pull back to reveal ... that the satchel be rest on one of the four poker table . coop be finish count . behind he , in the midst of the table , be a decent-size safe . coop ( to the commodore ) half a million . ( lock the satchel , pocket the key . to the assemble ) I buy this satchel myself yesterday -- I have the only key . safe he deposit the satchel inside . dial . slam it shut , spin the coop this safe be make for this contest -- I select the combination -- no one else aboard know it . ( to the commodore ) the money 's as protect as I know how to make it . gambler look at the safe . lust . 103 not without a certain amount of int . gambling table - day 103 the table . each have a immaculately - dress dealer ready . one of they be older than the other , rougher , more experience . coop ( to the assemble ) a moment of silence . ( bow he head ) when the great ship constitution explode and eleven die , here be how the papers report the event . ' among the dead be a gambler , who be bury separately . ' ( more ) ( continued ) 121 . 103 continued : 103 coop ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) Lord , may we bury no gambler today . gambler ( all together ) amen . now , the formality over , we ... player fan out , take seat , as the dealer open deck , begin shuffle card and ... 104 int . MAIN salon - evening a large grandfather 's clock . 105 104 it read six o'clock . int . MAIN salon - evening 105 the crowd , deep around the table . liquor glass . 106 int . gambling table - evening the first table . five player . tering be alongside he . 107 many of they hold 106 maverick sit ; stut - int . MAIN salon - another table - evening 107 five more . annabelle sit ; twitchy , the rich chinaman , sit across from she . 108 int . MAIN salon - another table - evening five man . 108a 108 the commodore and angel be here . int . MAIN salon - evening 108a a fourth table and five player we do not know . deal . 109 card be int . MAIN salon - evening 109 maverick , start to pick up he card until he look around --- several people be bend over behind he , try to spot what he have . he manage to avoid they glance , look at he hand , toss it in . ( continued ) 122 . 109 continued : 109 stuttering he give maverick a question glance . maverick my pleasure . stutter indicate he card , shake he head . maverick stutter check . as the other bet - 110 int . MAIN salon - annabelle - evening betting . twitchy . 111 110 now she glance across the table toward int . MAIN salon - twitchy - evening 111 and now we see what maverick mean and why the nickname -- the guy be all tics . he blink , mutter , fidget , you name it he do it and it 's impossible to tell what 's conscious and what be not . plus , be chinese , he be not all that easy to begin with . 112 int . MAIN salon - angel & the commodore - evening 112 angel can not stop smile as he pull in a pot . 113 int . MAIN salon - annabelle - evening win a pot . 114 113 play very professionally . int . MAIN salon - maverick - evening maverick , have fold again . ture to he . 114 stutter make a ges - maverick stutter raise two hundred . stutter cackle . 115 int . MAIN salon - long bar - evening 115 customer be order drink like crazy . 116 int . MAIN salon - grandfather' clock - twilight after seven . 116 123 . 116a ext . river / riverboat - twilight 116a the riverboat move upstream . 117 int . MAIN salon - maverick - twilight 117 -- and now a series of flash cut fly by , like we see when he first play , only much quick -- we know what he 's do now , clocking the enemy . sweet -face gambler across from maverick . well - dress , a lovely shirt with beautifully irone , very wide cuff . maverick fold again , stand , stretch , walk briefly away from the table . coop as maverick approach , speak to he briefly . nod . coop maverick sit back down . 118 int . MAIN salon - musician - twilight 118 play away . 119 int . MAIN salon - sweet -face gambler - twilight win a big pot . 119 as he rake in he chip -- coop whisper in he ear . sweet -face gambler totally shocked . to himself . 120 he mouth the word " I ? " as he point int . MAIN salon - coop - twilight 120 escort the guy away from the table to a corner of the room --- and then rip at he jacket , the wide - sleeve shirt . ( continued ) 124 . 120 continued : 120 the sweet - face guy have be play with a metal sleeve holdout -- a bunch of card be hold in place , hide by the shirt . coop grab the guy , pull he the hell out of the room and - 120a ext . riverboat deck - twilight 120 a coop and a steward throw the cheater overboard . 121 int . MAIN salon - maverick - twilight 121 and now he win a big pot , look up . coop stand across from he , mouth the word " thanks . " maverick nod . coop ( indicate the empty chair ) sudden illness , gentleman . ( take the guy 's chip ) divide this among yourselves . House rule . stuttering hot shit . as they start to divide the chip - 122 int . MAIN salon - grandfather' clock - night 122 it 's ten in the evening now . 123 int . MAIN salon - room - night 123 the first of the ticket holder be beginning to fade . coop never stop move , watch everything go on . 124 int . MAIN salon - band - night 124 get tired . 125 int . MAIN salon - gambler - night 125 one of the table be go -- only three be leave , fifteen player . 125 . 126 ext . river / riverboat - night 126 the ship sail up the river in the night . total peace . 127 tranquil . int . MAIN salon - second poker table - night 127 annabelle have never be through anything like this and she try to relax she body , take a very deep breath , rub she eye . ( in truth , this marathon poker game be brutal for the participant . the physical strain never stop grow . they back ached from slouching in the chair for long hour , they arm ached from lean against the arm of the chair ; they skin get soggy , they eye get so it be just damn hard to keep they open , much less concentrate . we be not at this stage yet --- but we will be . ) one of the bar not many people and that that remain be drunk . grandfather' clock two in the morning . coop as before , in constant motion , no sign of fatigue . 128 int . MAIN salon - table - night 128 only two leave , only ten player . musician not very peppy . 129 int . MAIN salon - maverick - night 129 he now play with four other , stutter and twitchy be the one we know . 130 int . MAIN salon - annabelle's table - night 130 the angel and the commodore and two other . 131 int . MAIN salon - old guy - night sit across from maverick . 131 he 's exhaust . ( continued ) maverick - Rev. 11/15/93 131 126 . continued : * 131 old guy sorry , I be wipe out , can not remember my own name anymore . ( point to the pot ) it 's three thousand to I -- I can bet ten thousand , right ? tough experienced dealer nothing surprise this guy . better shape than anybody . along with coop , he seem in tough dealer up to you . old guy why do not I just do that then . as he put out ten thousand in chip - coop watch the Old guy . old guy rake in the chip as the other fold . approach , grab he - 132 now , as coop int . MAIN salon - corner of room - night 132 coop and the Old guy . coop rip open he shirt revealing a breastplate holdout . it conceal a entire hand of card . as coop cart he toward the door - 132a ext . riverboat - top deck - night 132a coop bring the Old guy up to the top . old guy ( as he hand he he pocket watch ) if you would be so kind and please give this to the Captain . I will pick it up next trip up river . coop be happy to . old guy if you do not mind . coop at you pleasure , sir. ( continued ) maverick - Rev. 11/15/93 132a 126a . continued : 132a old guy thank you , Mr. coop . * he hold he hat , step to the edge . he jump in . react , as do coop , and the turn for the cut . 133 crowd int . MAIN salon - player - night all of they show the strain now . they eye , anything to stay sharp . 133 they rub they arm , grandfather' clock Quarter of four . 134 int . MAIN salon - chip at annabelle's table - night she 's do well . commodore . but not as well as the angel or the 134 * 127 . 135 int . MAIN salon - chip at maverick table - night 135 maverick have more than any of the other . musician " sweet betsy from Pike " be never play slower . tough dealer tough dealer break at four . anyone not back in half hour forfeit everything . clock as it start to chime - 136 int . MAIN salon - gambler - night 136 rise , staggering away with fatigue . coop , make of steel , wait by the safe . after a moment , he signal for a steward as we - 137 int . maverick state room - night 137 the sound of wild sex -- maverick groaning with pleasure , the bed spring in constant motion . ( we can not see the bed yet ; we be look at a porthole which have the curtain close . ) maverick ( o.s. ) oh you be good -- yes , so good , the best , do not stop , please , I will die if you stop - annabelle ( o.s. ) -- how much be I worth ? five hundred . maverick ( o.s. ) no. a thousand -- the loudest cry of pleasure yet as we - pull back to reveal - we have be hearing a massage . both be dress as before . he lie face - down on the mattress . she straddle he , she finger move up to he back , he shoulder , he neck . as she stop - annabelle you turn to do I . ( continued ) 128 . 137 continued : 137 maverick I will give you two thousand if you will keep at it . annabelle no good , I have get two thousand . now she swat he . maverick sit as she flop face down . he begin massage she . maverick ( irritate ) I think you be in better shape than I be . annabelle it 's irone shirt give I strength . now from they - 138 int . MAIN salon - the angel - night 138 in the darkness . he be talk to someone but we can not tell who . finish , he turn , walk quickly away . hold . now another figure move out of the darkness . it 's the one the angel be talk to , the tough Dealer . hold . keep holding . unnotice ' till now , a third figure become visible from deeper darkness . it 's coop . and as he hurry off - 139 int . maverick state room - night maverick , massage annabelle as before . the door . 139 a pounding on maverick open. coop move in . ( continued ) 129 . 139 continued : * 139 coop I be get tired so I take some air . you ? tire ? maverick that 's a first . coop ( urgent ) listen to I -- I be lean against the rail and this two guy start talk -- do not see I -- the angel and the dealer that always seem so fresh ? ( beat ) they get something go - could not get what , but it 's go to be very big , bret , and you can not win . I hear the angel say to make sure of that . maverick amazingly , no reaction . maverick ( quiet ) I would like a few minute alone - maybe catch a nap . if someone 's go to try and cheat I , better be fresh . annabelle ( take coop 's arm ) escort I to my room , Zane dear - I need to change clothes . ( as they go ) do not worry about cheating - I be win this anyway . 139a MAIN salon - grandfather clock 139a it read : 4:20 . 139 B ext . annabelle's room 139b coop wait in the hall , she exit , wear a lovely new suit , a exquisite blouse . New make - up make she even lovelier than usual . maverick - Rev. 11/15/93 139c 130 . ext . maverick room 139c a chair be silently be wedge against the handle make it impossible to open the door . 139d grand salon 139d annabelle and coop enter . 139e maverick room 139e maverick go to he door , turn the handle , pull - nothing . he pull harder . it 's jamme . maverick ( call out ) annabelle , open the damn door . no answer . 139 F grand salon people be drift back . clock read : 4:25 . 139g 139f annabelle and coop enter . the maverick room 139g maverick , look at he own watch -- 4:26 now . he try one more pull , get no reaction . he look around he room . 139h maverick room - porthole 139h Beyond , turn in the night , the enormous paddlewheel . 139 - I ext . porthole - maverick 139 - I and he 's climb through -* 139 J MAIN salon more people file back . 4:27 . concerned , annabelle too . 139 k 139J coop look around , ext . porthole 139 k he 's outside now , on the window , try to keep balance and he grab a flag and fly across to the deck next to a torch . 139l clock turn to 4:29 . * * * 139l maverick - Rev. 11/15/93 139 m upper deck 139m * maverick land . 139n 131 . he run down the length of the boat . MAIN salon * 139n as maverick drip through the porthole back toward the game . maverick nothing like a cold shower . ( New line to come ... do not work now . ) * and as he sit - 139 - o clock 139 - o 4:30 straight up as play resume . 139 p band 139 p wipe out . 139 q gambler wipe out too . past five . 139q 140 we be down to one table now . it 's half int . MAIN salon - last table - night the grandfather clock . 140 half past five . gambler -- only one table leave . and six player . maverick , annabelle , the commodore , the angel , stutter and twitchy . the five man all look weary . annabelle have do she best to disguise any fatigue . Fresh makeup , a lovely new suit , a beautiful blouse . as the tough Dealer flick out the card - band a fourth wind . 140a ext . river / riverboat - dawn 140 a riverboat cruise upriver at dawn . 141 int . MAIN salon - dawn the window . up dawn . 141 Morning light start stream in -- come 132 . 142 int . MAIN salon - last table - dawn the room . a few people enter . 142 hung over , wipe out . player they all drink coffee now . it taste like mud but they sip it and let the steam massage they eye . chip maverick have stack in front of he . so do the angel . the commodore and twitchy be do okay . but stutter and annabelle be in trouble . coop as fresh as ever , watch it all . without flaw . 143 the man be clearly int . MAIN salon - last table - dawn 143 maverick and annabelle , the last two leave in a hand . annabelle 's pile have shrink . annabelle ( toss she head , she turn to the Dealer ) I can bet all I have leave , can not I ? ( as the tough Dealer nod ) then why do not I just do that . ( beat ) five thousand , mister maverick . maverick stare glumly . maverick silly for I to match that . annabelle say nothing . she give away none of the tell she have earlier that maverick tell she about . just sit there blankly , wait . maverick fold he hand , get set to toss it into the pile . ( continued ) 133 . 143 continued : 143 annabelle could not be more disinterested . maverick at the last second , pull he hand back . maverick I guess I feel like be silly . ( push chip into the pot ) beat two pair and it 's yours . show she he card -- ten and three - closeup - annabelle she stare across at he now with fury . annabelle bastard . and with that , she fling she card down -- she 's be bluff . maverick gather in the pot . annabelle I be out of the game . ( as maverick say nothing -- louder ) you just put I out of the game . ( as maverick stack the chip silently ; still louder ) I do not do either of my two giveaway -- I never touch my thumb with my little finger and I never once flicked my tooth - maverick -- you have three -- you always toss you head when you bluff - annabelle ( explode ) you do not tell I that one ! maverick you never want to give everything away , Mrs. bransford . ( continued ) 134 . 143 continued : ( 2 ) 143 annabelle well , I will just try and pretend it be someone else 's money . 144 * * * int . MAIN salon - last hand - annabelle - dawn 144 she take a deep breath , get herself back in control . then , a lady again , she smile graciously at the commodore , stand up , move to coop . as she distract people , the angel and the tough Dealer exchange a glance . coop catch it . maverick it 's as if he have not see the glance . coop move closer to the table , circle , check . tough dealer casually deal away . maverick casually watch he . 145 int . MAIN salon - last hand - dealer - dawn 145 -- only now we see he through maverick 's eye -- and what he 's do , and do brilliantly , be manipulate the card . sometimes he deal from the top , sometimes the bottom , sometimes the second card , sometimes the third , and sometimes from the middle of the deck which be brutally hard . table back in regular motion as the Dealer finish . here be how the player be sit : to the leave of the Dealer , the first one to bet be stutter . then twitchy . after he , the commodore , next , the angel . last , maverick . stuttering as he look at he card -( continued ) 135 . 145 continued : 145 -- he 's be deal a straight -- two , three , four , five , six -- of different suit . a sensational hand . nothing show on he face as he gesture to maverick . maverick stutter open with two -fifty . other it 's a considerable opener . coop who be check out the hand . he whisper to annabelle . coop game 's over , stutter 's get a straight . ( look at the next hand - twitchy 's ) my God , it be not over , twitchy win it - annabelle ( surprised ) what with ? coop flush . twitchy and now we see he hand -- five heart . all part of he face be in motion as he match stutter 's bet . coop check the commodore . coop ( whisper ) they be both dead -- full house . the commodore two ten and three nine . the best yet . the commodore call I a fool , but I think I will raise a thousand . ( continued ) 136 . 145 continued : ( 2 ) 145 the angel coop can not see he hand ; he keep it hide . the angel raise ten thousand . maverick as we see he hand . spade -- the ten , jack , queen , king of -- plus the two of diamond . coop and annabelle she indicate maverick . coop he 's get shit . ( can not help it , he 's sorry ) do not give up on the boy -- at least it 's shit with potential . maverick he stay , push chip into the pot . so do the other three . pot a lot of chip . over fifty thousand dollar ' worth . the tough Dealer . to stutter . tough dealer how many card ? stutter smile . maverick he stand . twitchy nod . the commodore sound good . the angel one . he get it from the Dealer , look at it , seem concerned . ( continued ) 137 . 145 continued : ( 3 ) 145 tough dealer ( to maverick ) you ? maverick quietly - maverick same -( then he hand suddenly cover the tough Dealer 's ) -- but I do not want it from you . the commodore what be you pull , son ? maverick I want a new dealer -- and I want a new shuffle -- and I want a new cut . the commodore look to coop . coop within he rights . shuffle -- I will the commodore -- I will cut . maverick ( shake he head ) no. him . ( indicate the angel ) he cut . the angel smile . the angel I kind of like that . show trust . coop shuffles the card quickly , hand they over . maverick Throat dry . start . he sit back in he chair . the wind music ( continued ) 138 . 145 continued : ( 4 ) 145 the angel his huge hand slowly cut the card . maverick watch . coop annabelle beside he . the cut . watch , as the angel finish maverick and now he close he eye . he seem , at this tense moment , remarkably at peace . the wind music be louder still . he listen a moment more , then open he eye . deck as now the angel take a single finger , push the top card across the table to maverick . who do a amazing thing --- he do not look at it . just leave it face down on the table . player who look to stutter to begin the betting . hold up two finger , wide apart . stutter maverick two thousand . stutter put two thousand in the pot -- twitchy watch it . the commodore raise five thousand . as the chip go into the grow pot - the angel he look about to fold -- then he suddenly smile at maverick . ( continued ) 139 . 145 continued : ( 5 ) 145 the angel I like it when you do that to the lady . ( chip in ) raise twenty thousand . maverick last card still face down . maverick hesitates . the commodore I would look at it , son . maverick no need . ( chip into pot ) raise twenty - five . the angel explode . the angel what kind of act you pull ? -- look at you card . maverick say not a word . * stuttering he push in all the chip he have leave . maverick stutter call . twitchy ( to stutter - apologetically ) solly . he push more chip in than stutter have . the commodore we be say good - bye to the boy now . ( as all he chip go in ) fifty thousand more . the angel study he hand . and for the first time we see it -( continued ) 140 . 145 continued : ( 6 ) 145 -- five , six , seven , eight , nine . all of diamond . a straight flush . the angel ( to maverick ) want to see I , it will cost you everything you get . ( push in all he chip too , a huge amount ) hundre and fifty thousand . half a million in the pot if you match it . maverick still do not look at he last card . chip in silently . half a million in the pot . just push all he it 's gigantic . the angel turn over he card . crowd around table stun . it 's a phenomenal hand . maverick silently turn over the card we have see . ten of spade . Jack of spade . Queen of spade . King of spade . last card the one he have not look at . now he slide it toward he , start to take a quick glance --- but first he close he eye again and there it be , the wind music --- only now , without warning , it goe sour . die . then it ( continued ) 141 . 145 continued : ( 7 ) 145 maverick eye open fast and now you can see it , he confidence be not there . he grab the card , look at it . closeup - maverick stun . maverick ( hardly able to talk ) ... I ... just do not believe it . table the angel reach for the pot . the angel strange thing happen at the poker table . maverick ( hard to hear he ) ... I know ... ( beat ) ... but ... ( beat ) ... who ever dream of two straight flush in the same hand -- lucky for I mine 's higher . card as he flip it up into the air . it spin down . the ace of spade . the angel Dead pale as a wild fury begin and ... crowd explode and ... maverick stand and ... ( continued ) 142 . 145 continued : ( 8 ) 145 annabelle run into he arm , hugging he and - annabelle now that you be rich , I forgive you . the angel and in the instant annabelle 's in maverick 's arm he 's scream . the angel miserable cheating son of a bitch - and as he start to rise , draw a gun -- and we be into slow motion . maverick in annabelle 's arm be helpless - annabelle see what 's come , but it 's too late - the angel be about to fire when --- he shirt be suddenly bloody and he fall back . coop stand there , watch angel die , he gun in he hand . maverick out of annabelle 's arm now see movement in the crowd . angel' two helper be get set to fire . maverick grab coop 's other gun --- draw like lightning , fire twice -( continued ) 143 . 145 continued : ( 9 ) 145 two helper be do . maverick and coop return both coop 's gun to they holster at exactly the same time . we go back into regular motion now . 146 & 147 omitted 146 & 147 148 int . MAIN salon - morning 148 the satchel , with the money inside . pull back to reveal : coop , pull it out of the safe , stand - coop sorry , bret , wish you moment could have last a little longer , but there it be --- and he gun be back in he hand as he move toward a open window . closeup - maverick he have not expect this -- ever . coop he gun ready . coop I feel real bad about this but I see all that money and , well , shit , I just want it - and on that - window -- he vault gracefully out and - 149 ext . riverboat / river - morning 149 a small boat wait -- tie to the riverboat -- coop race to it , leap on , the small boat turn into the current and pull away downstream . maverick - Rev. 11/15/93 149a 144 . int . riverboat - MAIN salon - morning 149a Inside the salon -- this have all go like a streak and what we have here now be confusion and chaos . the commodore race out of the main cabin - 150 ext . deck - morning 150 the commodore race down the deck with he rifle and stop at the railing . 150a ext . riverboat - on deck - morning * * * 150 a as coop get further away the commodore take aim with the rifle . a hand come in to knock it aside . * maverick ( soft ) let he go . the commodore ... let he go ? * * the commodore stare at maverick ; so do annabelle . there be a crowd gather . closeup - maverick maverick ( address the crowd , quieting it ) the man save my life . I can always win more money . ( beat ) besides , I find out what I come for anyway . the commodore raise he hand . he control the room . the commodore ( to maverick ) that 's a half a million dollar , son . do I have to remind you of that ? maverick do I have to remind you it 's my half million ? it 's only money . it 's not worth take a life over . * * the commodore only money ? * ( continued ) maverick - Rev. 11/15/93 150 a 145 . continued : 150a maverick coop probably never have a dishonest think ' till this happen . and for the rest of he day . he 's go to be haunt whatever we do . and that 's punishment enough for a man . I will not swear out a warrant against he . * * * the commodore ( to the crowd - unexpectedly move ) I will be damned ... I will be damned . I know a little something about money -- make a lot in my lifetime , gonna make a lot more . but this young man have more wisdom now about what 's really valuable than I will ever have . I have two wife leave I on account of my obsession with make money . ( almost in tear - to maverick ) do not you ever change . ( now , raise a imaginary glass - toast ) to a champion . * all on board echo the commodore 's toast . maverick as annabelle join he ; do he best to keep he emotion in check -- but no question about it , at this moment , he be a proud young man . now , from that - 151 int . maverick stateroom - morning * 151 annabelle , she eye close . she 's in maverick 's room and he be take off she suit coat . he lay it over a chair . she stand as before , in skirt and expensive blouse . annabelle when can I open my eye ? -- what be this gift I be get ? maverick ( soft ) just one minute more -( continued ) maverick - Rev. 11/15/93 151 146 . continued : 151 and on that -maverick as he suddenly grab she lovely blouse and rip it wide open --- annabelle , shocked , cry out , open she eye , she hand try to cover she suddenly reveal body --- but too late . over she slip she be wear the most rube Goldberg - like thing you ever see . ( it be call the kepplinger holdout and be a series of pulley and cord that hide a remarkable number of card . the thing work , believe it or not , by use the knee , and be generally think of as be the great card - cheating device of the past century . ) annabelle ( embarrassed ) I do not wear it ' till the break - maverick -- and you do not have to . here 's my gift to you : the truth . you be one of the six best player out there . ( pull the holdout off she ) get rid of this . annabelle ( confuse , embarrassed , touch ) would you believe I if I tell you it do not work ? look -- all the card be still there - contraption just jamme on I , I could not get it to function . ( now , as she arm go around maverick ) let 's hope I have better luck with you . as they fall on the bed - kepplinger holdout as suddenly , on its own , it start work . a ace of spade rise , blocking our view . hold on the card , then -- maverick - Rev. 11/15/93 152 147 . ext . riverside - firewood stop - day 152 there be several carriage and various horse wait . maverick and annabelle , be by a wait carriage . be good - bye and neither of they be all that happy . this maverick where you head ? annabelle ( a shrug -- she do not know ) someplace else . maverick I be go there too . want to travel together ? I could use the protection . annabelle Long pause . then -- annabelle no . it would be wonderful , we could fight all the time . but I would not learn anything about my tell now , would I ? take care of yourself . two of they a final embrace . meaningful . they kiss . she get into the carriage and maverick close the door . the Driver get on he seat . maverick annabelle ? she turn back . from she purse . * he hand she a wallet he 's just take annabelle ( impressed ) that be good . you be get better . ( beat ) bert . now she hand he he watch she 's take . maverick you be the best at that . ( continued ) maverick - Rev. 11/15/93 152 148. continued : 152 annabelle you be the best at this . she kiss he . the carriage take off . watch and step away . maverick CUT to : 153 ext . campfire - night the half million in cash . satchel be alongside . 153 separate into two pile . the pull back to reveal : coop , nervously wait alone in a rocky place on the edge of nowhere . a small fire be the only illumination . a stream flow by . now , the sound of a walking slowly . the sound stop . * coop draw he gun , cock it -- it make a distinct sound --- kuh -- lick --- he stare out into the darkness , ready for anything . then he relax , put the gun back into its holster . coop where the hell you be ? pull back to reveal : the coomodore . he move to the fire . the commodore I have to say good - bye . I could not risk look like I be rush any place . I take a lot of twist and turn , backtrack a lot . make sure nobody be follow I . you do not seem happy to see I . coop ( angry ) I think you and I be in this thing together -- you win , I do nothing . someone else win , I do what I do . why do not you tell I angel be in it too ? ( continued ) * * * * * maverick - Rev. 11/15/93 153 149 . continued : * 153 the commodore what do maverick say to that sweet young thing ? ' you never want to give everything away . ' if angel would win , we would still have split it the same way . I telegraphed he -- keep maverick from the game . he mess that up . poor dead bastard . coop I just do not like secret . the commodore then you probably will not like this one either . the commodore as suddenly he draw he gun , cock it --- there 's that sound again --- kuh -- lick --- and the gun be aim at coop 's heart . the commodore I guess it 's just my greedy nature . but I have decide not to share it with you - coop ( shocked ) a deal 's a deal . the commodore in a perfect world , that 's true . ( throw coop 's gun in the water , ready to fire ) I just want you to know I have never work with a more honest man in my life . now -- a familiar sound : -- kuh -- lick - maverick I would not give odd on it be a long one . uncock it . as they spin -( continued ) maverick - Rev. 11/15/93 153 continued : 150 . ( 2 ) 153 maverick move fast , gun draw . with speed and precision he grab the commodore 's pistol . they raise they hand as he gesture for they to sit close together . maverick sit down , gentleman . let 's get cozy . have a parley . put you hand down . you look ridiculous . I almost fall asleep with boredom follow you -- you and that idiot speech about my wisdom - how could you expect I to fall for that ? you must think I be awful damn dumb . ( to coop ) but you ... you fool I . and not many can . but you save I , so I will not kill you . ( beat ) just remember , the whole world know what you be . that 's punishment enough . all you life 's work , all the good you do , you wipe it away . you do not have anything to show for it . coop you be young , so you do not know that much about mistake , but you be make one now . maverick be i? coop you can not leave I alive . closeup - coop and we have never see he like this -- out of control . coop what you say , every word , that 's right -- I trade every decent thing I know for that money -( building ) -- and you better believe I be come for it ! ( more ) ( continued ) * maverick - Rev. 11/15/93 153 continued : 151 . ( 3 ) 153 coop ( cont 'd ) ( bigger ) I do not care where you go , one night you will relax -- and guess who will be there wait ? maverick put the satchel full of money down . maverick you could not sneak up on a corpse , coop ; not anymore . you be just another decrepit old have -been . * the commodore scared , as maverick study he pistol . the commodore what be you gonna do ? maverick it 's a problem -- if I do not kill you , what do I do ? coop watch , the fury still there . maverick a shrug . maverick what the heck ! * * maverick his hand fiddle a little with the gun , we can not really see what he 's do . then he point the gun at the commodore , as if to shoot he , then , at the last minute he flick the gun to the side and shoot . the bullet just miss the commodore and scare he very badly . maverick maybe the fairest thing would be to just let one of you kill the other -- I will let you decide which ... and with that -( continued ) * * * * * * maverick - Rev. 11/15/93 153 continued : 152. ( 4 ) 153 gun as he heave it high , high into the air and - coop and the commodore stare up after it and - maverick watch they , satchel in hand , gun draw , back away and - gun spin in the night and - coop still stare up , beginning to guess where it might land and - the commodore watch coop and -maverick the shadow have he and he 's go and - coop start to move and - gun beginning its arc down and - the commodore suddenly stick a leg out , trip coop and - coop beginning to fall and - the commodore head for where the gun might fall and - gun drop fast and -( continued ) maverick - Rev. 11/15/93 153 continued : 153. ( 5 ) 153 coop and he get he balance , quickly go into a roll , bounce up , break into a run and - the commodore no match for coop 's speed but - gun landing , and - coop the first one there , grab it , whirling and -- it slip from coop 's hand !!! the commodore can not believe he luck ! the gun have be flung straight into he hand . he quickly point the gun at coop and smile with a deadly smile . the commodore well , that -- as they say , be that ! and the commodore pull the trigger . click ! nothing . click , click , click !!! there be no bullet in the gun ! now obviously outclass , the commodore know that he be a dead man . panic start . the commodore that maverick ... son of a bitch ... coop stand up and knock the gun out of the commodore 's hand . he punch he in the stomach and knock he hat off . coop punch he in the face and the commodore be knock over a log . the commodore try to get up over the log . coop hit he with a uppercut and knock he over and on he back . coop pick up a stick . ( continued ) * maverick - Rev. 11/15/93 153 continued : 153a . ( 6 ) 153 the commodore please ... no ... no ... coop you double-cross ... if I ever so much as hear you name ... if I ever hear you be in the same town as I so I might see you face ... if I ever get wind that you have hire another angel or any of you assassin . I never do a coldblood murder in my life and I will not till I find maverick ... he throw the stick down and walk . hat and go out . he pick up he CUT to : 154 int . fancy bathroom - dusk 154 a large communal bathroom in a fancy hotel . tub , some sink , thick towel . a couple of ( continued ) * 154 . 154 continued : 154 it be the towel that alert we to where we be , for on they be embroider the name of the hotel : the san franciscan . maverick lie happily in one of the tub . eye close . his clothes be pile nearby . his gun too . and alongside he boot : the satchel . he be at peace , listen to the sound of the wind music - now another sound cut through --- kuh -- lick - maverick whirl - coop stand there with the drop on maverick . smile . he be not coop decrepit have -been ? maverick not a sound . coop close in . louder . coop could not sneak up on a corpse ? maverick ( beat ) actually , I kind of like that one . maverick watch as coop holster he gun . coop lucky for you I have a forgive nature . maverick I take it the commodore will not be a problem . ( continued ) 155 . 154 continued : ( 2 ) 154 coop it be worth everything to nail that crooked bastard . maverick my pappy always say nothing be a deeper religious experience than cheating a cheater . coop ( big ) now I never once say that -- you be misquote I all you life and I be sick of it -maverick you say such dumb thing I have get to improve they . as they look at each other - 155 int . fancy bathroom - dusk 155 a deck of card . it be be manipulate dazzlingly with one hand -- exactly as maverick do before in the stagecoach . pull back to reveal : we be in exactly the same spot as before only now it be coop that be manipulate the card . both man lie relaxed , eye close , in tub . sense of peace and harmony . there be a two of they relaxed . we be look at both of they back . now that sound again --- kuh -- lick - maverick ( do not bother open he eye or turn ) satchel 's right here . and on that , as both man open they eye -( continued ) 156 . 155 continued : 155 annabelle she gun aim at they . she move fast , grab they gun , they clothes . then the satchel - annabelle ( toss something to maverick who catch it -- it 's a silk shirt ) hope it fit -- just know it 's the best San Francisco have to offer . pappy ( touch ) be not that sweet ? maverick ( snarling ) get hold of yourself , she 's robbing we . annabelle what a remarkable family . maverick ( to coop ) how would she figure that ? annabelle give I some credit -- you do not own the exclusive on tell -( rattling it off as maverick have do with she ) -- you be both the same height , you have get the same build , you have get the same eye , you both kiss the same way , you both draw you gun the same way -( a breath ) -- and you both sing the same wrong word to ' amazing Grace . ' now , she study they naked body in the tub . closeup - annabelle annabelle oh my yes , there be just a lot of splendid similarity ... ( continued ) 157 . 155 continued : ( 2 ) 155 she smile she dazzle smile , go to the door , open it , blow a kiss -- impossible to say to which man - and good - bye . maverick and pappy they stare at the door a moment . neither of they seem anxious to get move or particularly upset . pappy woman with she look can not hide . maverick ( nod ) whenever we decide to catch she -( snap he finger ) -- it 's do . pappy ( nod too ) the truth ? if someone have to rob we , I be glad it be my little Annie . he 's never call she that before . maverick as this register . maverick you little what ? ( beat ) I will tell you the real truth - every time you get near she , it be ... ( squint ) ... I be look for the right word -- you be , after all , the man who raise I and I hold you in the high respect ... ( beat ) it be disgusting . pappy as this register . pappy ( chuckle ) my my , green with envy . ( continued ) 158 . 155 continued : ( 3 ) 155 two of they some heat now . maverick you be right . ( beat ) after all , when she 's a hundred , you will only be a hundred and thirty - five . pappy I would be careful if I be you - just know that splendid creature be almost you stepmother . maverick she be a lot closer to be you daughter - in- law . pappy would have be sheer disaster - you be totally lack in the maturity need to satisfy a woman like that . maverick not what she say . pappy I know what she say about you - and I would never humiliate you by repeat that terrible word . maverick I do not believe you . pappy neither do I . now they both start to laugh , lie back . a pause . pappy what we end up with be one half million dollar silk shirt . maverick Quarter of a million 's more like it -- I mix in a sear catalog along with the cash - annabelle will enjoy that . ( beat ) hope you enjoy this . ( continued ) 159 . 155 continued : ( 4 ) 155 maverick as he take a quarter of a million in cash from he boot and hand it to he father . pappy there be no word for what he feel , but you know he be deeply move by the gesture . maverick pleased and proud . two of they as pappy take the money , hold it in one hand . pappy ( soft ; a emotional moment be on the horizon ) ... bret ... son ... maverick ( quiet ) yessir ? pappy ( zap ) this feel like you short I - I be go to count it back in the room . maverick ( zap ) that might take the rest of the week since we all know you trouble with count once you get past you finger and toe . they look at each other . and then they smile . then -- and lie silent for a moment . camera begin to pull back . and now maverick begin to hum " amazing Grace . " pappy join he , do the harmony . camera continue pulling back . ( continued ) 160 . 155 continued : ( 5 ) 155 maverick start to sing the song . pappy join he , do the harmony . it 's just lovely . 156 int . / ext . fancy bathroom ( san francisco ) - dusk 156 camera pull back and out the window to reveal the exterior of the beautiful hotel and the city of San Francisco . the two of they sing on . clear . they voice ring out loud and they have never sound better . let 's leave they there ... final fade out . the end