max payne written by Beau Michael thorne 8/24/2007 over black : max's voice C I do not believe in heaven , but I have this idea about it . something I hear in a song . fade in : White . pristine , empty frame . clean and peaceful . max's voice Heaven be a place where nothing ever happen . there 's gentle motion in the blank frame , like swirl 16 mm grain . a rumble start to build , low but grow louder ... the grain move faster , big chunks flutter , now a dirty dishwater grey . the rumble become a howling wind . churn black water lap at the bottom of the frame ... ext . hudson river - dawn a blizzard , at the peak of its power . visibility zero , New York reduce to the hulk shape of building on the bank . max payne thrashes in the water , a long way from shore . max's voice there 's a army of body under this river . criminal , people who run out of time , out of friend . chunks of ice float in the dirty water around he . Max 's body freezing , skin turn blue . heavy winter clothes saturate , like a anchor drag he down ... max's voice the next time they drag this river , they will find I on the bottom with the rest of they . and there will not be anybody leave to say I be different . Max 's face sink below the surface ... CUT to : int . hallway - day nothing to orient we to the location , the time . just a flash of golden light fill the hall , warm as the river be cold . around a close door , sunlight stream through the gap ... bedroom a woman sleep on the bed , curl up around a bundle baby . be this the final , peaceful memory of a drown man ? something 's wrong , then : the woman 's body in a unnatural position , more throw than laid across the bed . the crib tip over , blanket scattered . her eye freeze open . something black flutter against the window pane , cracking into the glass . the sound of the blizzard creep in ... resume - hudson river wind pound the river where Max have once be , but there 's no more thrashing in the water . mix in behind the fall snowflake , black shape swirl and dive closer to the water . max's voice I could feel the dead down there , just below my foot . reaching up to welcome I as one of they own . Max break the surface - gasping , struggling against the undertow . not simply try to breathe ... try to swim . max's voice it be a easy mistake to make . CUT to : ext . STREET ( NYC ) - night abruptly , the snow be go . just a bitter wind leave in its place , whipping through desolate street long after midnight . shuffle up the litter sidewalk , three rough - look men duck out of the wind by descend down to the subway ... on the dark side of the street , a pair of boot follow they . title card : one week earlier int . roscoe ST . station - day a filthy platform , empty except for the three Men huddle on a bench . a squeaking turnstile catch they ear ... the same boot grind towards the Men . we do not see the walker 's face , distract by something else : a gleam gold wristwatch . as if to make certain the Men notice , he pull back he sleeve to check the time . Quarter past three ... the watch glint as it pass into a dark doorway mark ` men be . ' the Men follow , exchange wick grin . too easy . subway bathroom the Men slink into the bathroom , smirk at they oblivious prey at the sink . steam rise , he set the watch on the edge of the sink before wash he hand ... man # 1 hey , that 's a really nice watch . no answer . one of the Men lock the door . at the sound of the lock snapping , he raise he head ... Max Payne , but not yet the man struggle for life in the river : clean -shaven , skin like bleach bone . haunted eye . in the murky mirror , Max see the Men circle closer ... man # 1 ( drool over the watch ) kinda remind I of one I lose -- max you do not lose it . you pawn it up on 128th a few hour ago . Max shut off the water and calmly turn to face they . max ( nodd to man # 2 ) ask Doug . he be there with you . Doug frown , deeply confuse about be call by he name . doug you have be follow we all night ? max no. ( point ) I be only follow you . while Doug digest that , pawnshop pull a pistol and train it on Max 's forehead . the third man - not much more than a kid , visibly frighten - back towards the door . 4. pawnshop you a cop , or something ? max not tonight . pawnshop too bad . ( to Doug ) go get my watch . distractedly eyeball Max , Doug brushes the watch off of the sink . it hit the dirty tile , delicate crystal cracking . in a sudden blur of movement , Max have one hand on the pistol , the other one smashing into pawnshop 's windpipe ... Doug step forward to help ... boom ! the pistol go off as Max pries it free . Max look up at Doug . nowhere to run , he race into the farthest stall and slam the door . in the same instant , the kid bolt for the door . Max have to pick : follow or stay with the man he 's tracking ... in the stall , Doug crawl on he stomach across the sticky floor , try to squeeze under the divider . Max raise the pistol and blast a hole through the door of the next stall . doug ( craving , eye close ) watch over I , watch over I ... the newly - perforate door fly open . handcuffs SNAP , restrain a whimpering Doug to the toilet pipe . max open you eye , now . Doug find himself stare at the pistol 's front sight . Max reach into he pocket and produce a tatter photograph ... it 's the woman from Max 's golden vision in the river . max have you ever see she before ? Doug shake he head violently , confusion and terror rise . max you get bust robbing a house in New Jersey with William Preston three -- doug Bill 's dead . max that 's why I be talk to you . ( move the photo closer ) do he ever say anything about this woman ? do you ever hear anyone -- doug Bill die because they wing could not lift he up . max no , he get shot robbing a liquor store . what be you talk about ? doug ( incoherent , rambling ) they wing be golden , the feather only look black ... sigh , Max unlock Doug from the pipe , haul he up and slamm into the wall as he cuff he hand behind he back . platform Max stalk out of the bathroom , push Doug ahead of he . down on the track , the kid shrink into the shadow ... subway tunnel the kid run down the dark track , nervously glance back at the recede light of the platform . he slow gradually , relax as escape seem certain . down to a walk , he startles at movement in the tunnel ahead : flapping wing - a bird , lose and trap underground ? the kid freeze , he frighten breaths almost enough to drow the sound out . it grow , though , more wing join ... he turn to retreat up the track , but the wing suddenly seem to be echoing towards he from all direction . panicked , the kid become disorient in the grow racket , the tunnel ahead begin to glow brighter as he spin ... visible now in the grow light , black shape flicker above the track - dozen become hundred , swell larger , they pounding wing join by a train rumbling closer ... 6 . frozen , the kid can only squint into the headlight close in , petrify by the dark wing swirling around he ... I nt. cold case office - day the front room of the cold case department be a mess - desk pile high with paperwork and a week 's worth of coffee cup . halfway in the front door , a young detective stand hold a box of he belonging . he look around for sign of life . sergeant adam wander down the hall , frown at the draft . sgt . adam you my new guy ? detective I do not think anybody be here . sgt . adam everybody 's usually a little late . hallway sgt. Adams lead the detective down a hall , give the tour . sgt . adam all the cold investigation in the city be collect and deliver over to we . we call each witness to see if they can add anything to they original statement . detective and if they can ? sgt . adam we send the file back to the original precinct for follow - up . do not get you hope up , though . the sergeant continue towards the center of the building , farther from the light of the window . he stop at a door . sgt . adam once you have go through the file and come up empty , bring it here ... file room / max's office they enter a windowless cave , long row of metal cabinet stretch on forever into the heart of the building . at a desk in the corner , Max slump over a stack of file . D m 7. sgt . adam Max here handle we filing . once it hit he desk , a case be officially dead . ax look up , dark circle from he long night in the subway . he nod , but the detective be too busy make a note to see . D etective what if there 's no phone number for a witness ? should I follow up in person ? sgt . adam nope , we do not do that down here . iscretely , Max slide he cut - up knuckle under the desk ... detective I do not understand , then how -- sgt . adam how do you solve that unsolvable murder mystery and redeem yourself ? detective the grand jury could not find -- sgt . adam stop . trust I , there 's a tragic story behind why I be here give you this tour . we all do something , so just save it . ( move for the door ) follow I to the break room ... the detective turn to Max , embarrassed after he reprimand . detective we should get a beer after work , or something ... Max smile and nod , but he eye give he away as a liar : max yeah . maybe so . hallway the detective steal a look at Max as Adams shut he door . detective so what do he do ? W m J 8. sgt . adam ( sharply ) nothing . naturally , this reaction pique the detective 's curiosity . sgt . adam R emember when you be a kid , and you would hold you breath when you go past a graveyard ? the detective nod . Adams glance through the window at Max . sgt . adam ust ... try to leave he alone . max's office Max sneak a sideways glance to the door , watch Adams lead the new detective away . once they be go , Max reach into he desk and remove a file ... ` preston , william a . ' ax go to a rusted cabinet and bury the file deep inside . int . max's apartment - night a lock pop . Max step inside , only silence to greet he . Max lay he jacket across the back of a wear leather chair , footstep reverberating because there 's little other furniture to absorb the sound . he keep walk ... kitchen ... past a table with one chair , past gleam counter . Max fill a glass of water from the tap . eye blank , patient . live room carefully , Max rest the full glass on the arm of the chair . reaching underneath the chair , Max produce a artist 's sketchbook and place it delicately on the table before he . sith tremble hand , Max turn back the batter cover ... uddenly , color burst into the monochrome room : bright swirl of oil pastel sketch out a still life in technicolor . gradually , Max 's eye lose they hardness . his breath come faster , rag . jaw clench , he turn the page ... V I 9 . more flow brush stroke , the artist 's feminine initial ... Max reach up to turn the page , hand shaking severely ... he take hold of the corner of the page , but he muscle will not cooperate - as if the page way more than Max can lift . Max 's skin flush red ... tear almost welling ... and then at once , Max slam the book shut and turn away . closet the door swing open . hanging inside , the batter coat we see Max wear in the subway . a pistol on a hook by the door . urban armor , scar by countless night of service . Max dress himself for battle , eye return to stone . ext . STREET - night Max climb out of the subway into a neighborhood with a foot in two world : the building be old and crumble , but the shop inside be sleek and expensive . a jarring combination . m ax walk up the street , brush past homeless people and fashionistas jostling for the same space on the sidewalk . not . apartment build - hallway the hallway be ancient brick , but the door be pristine steel . pause at one with a dozen lock , Max knock . the door crack . a eye appear . squint , evaluate . oice ( o.s. ) you can not come here anymore . max William Preston be a dead end . the door crack enough to reveal the speaker : trevor , skinny - fat in a sharp suit and sunglass , shirt open a little far . trevor you can not come here , I say . I be do help you . I have already ... ( lowering he voice ) ... pay my debt to society , you know ? I have cooperate enough . max we need to talk . wo not take long . T I m 10 . trevor' apartment - entrance hall Max follow trevor inside . the narrow brick entry open into a cut - edge loft beyond , fill with modern art and a gather of beautiful people milling around enjoy it . trevor I think you find Bill 's partner . max I do , but Doug only want to talk about pigeon , or something . I need a new name , someone robbing house to feed a habit around that same time . T revor Three year be a lifetime for guy like that . one way or the other , they be probably all go now . ( a little self - satisfied ) either way , I be not the one to ask anymore . I cater to a better class , now . one of the guest catch Max 's eye : natasha , young and beautiful , return he gaze for a extra moment and smile . max I can see that . trevor this be a party . this be my friend . you remember friend ? ax I need another name , or I start frisk you friend . trevor stand he ground , not flinching at Max 's threat . trevor do not have one to give you , Max . look , you have go through all you live lead , now you be run out of dead one ... ( beat ) I do not think this guy 's out there . Max nod , fatigue fight the determination in he eye . trevor ry sleep at night every now and then , you would see that for yourself . W m N y T 11 . Max do not answer . his eye have drift back to natasha . she pluck a drink from a pass tray , revealing a dark smudge across the inside of she wrist as she do . trevor I would invite you in , but ... suddenly intent , Max push past trevor and into the loft . max hank . live room - continuous Max weave through the party towards natasha , out of place in he utilitarian clothes . she look up as he get closer ... N atasha ou decide to stay for a while . she speak with a Russian accent - smile , a little nervous . Rather than answer , Max 's eye drop to she wrist . natasha ow it 's you turn to say something ... ax take she hand , gently turn it to reveal she tattoo : a black wing , stylize feather trace faint blue vein . max that 's interesting . natasha thank you . it 's ... ( glance past Max ) shit . Max follow she gaze to the front door , where trevor be nervously greeting another new arrival : mona sax . she 's strike , beautiful but also a little frightening . it do not hurt that she 's flanke by bodyguard . Russian mob . see natasha stand with Max , mona barrel across the room towards they . people stand aside to let she pass . ithout preamble , mona begin yelling at natasha in Russian . natasha respond in kind , clearly intimidate by mona . abruptly , mona grab natasha 's arm , jerk she off balance . max why do not you let go -- S 12 . mona ( in perfect English ) mind you business . mona return to natasha , drag she towards the door . natasha 's tone become pleading , physically no match for mona . Max step in , reach up to touch mona 's shoulder ... I t happen in a flash : mona spin and take hold of Max 's arm . incredibly , he 's just as fast , slip free of the grip that would surely have snap he wrist ... for a moment , Max and mona stare each other down . surprise , reevaluate each other . natasha continue to talk , she Russian anxious as mona 's bodyguard push through the crowd . mona 's eye drop to Max 's chest , where the tussle pull he coat open to reveal a low - pro holster and tarnish badge . with the flick of she wrist , mona stop she guard ' advance . the crowd begin to notice the altercation . natasha keep talking , try desperately to make peace and reassure mona of something . mona 's eye cut between natasha and Max ... till apprehensive , mona shake she head and walk away . natasha my sister . ( beat ) sort of a bitch . as Max nod at the understatement , trevor rush over , force a broad smile to reassure he guest . he pull Max 's coat close over the badge and usher he towards the door . trevor you have to go . now . max ( pull free ) Fine . I just want to ask she something first ... Max turn to the spot where natasha have be . she 's go . hallway - later the party have grow more crowded . Max fight he way down a dark hall , search the shadow face he pass . back here , the music be nothing but growling bass . N S a 13 . a flicker glow escape the gap around one door ... dark room a ring of candle in the center of the floor provide the only light . it 's not enough to really see the people inside . we hear they chanting , low voice murmuring in unison ... Quick glimpsis in the candle light , bare flesh writhe . cast on the wall , corresponding shadow twist and shift ... a black feather billow across the floor between candle . spread up the wall , a new shadow rise above the rest ... pair of wing - long and distort in the candle light . Max appear in the doorway as the shadow loose they shape - Max only catch a glimpse , not sure what he 's see ... hallway as Max strain to see detail in the dark room , a face materialize in the haze : cheek lace with tattoo , eye twinkle flame sink in deep shadow . jack lupino . uddenly , Max turn and see natasha stand beside he . we immediately notice something different about she : stare boldly into Max 's eye , all she earlier shyness vanish . N atasha look for I ? natasha glance through the door at the shifting shadow , smile at what she see . Max follow she eye ... max be you in there ? atasha ( shrugging , coy ) take I somewhere , I will tell you . int . max's apartment - night Max lead natasha inside . before he can even shut the door , natasha pounce - kissing , hand run over he body . as he push back , natasha 's hand slip into Max 's pocket ... abruptly , natasha break away and look around the apartment . natasha you just move in ? I T m 14 . not really interested , natasha walk deeper into the room . ax hree year ago . so we be somewhere , now : who be that guy -- in response , natasha unbuckle she pants and let they drop . still walk , open she shirt on she way out of the room . hallway Max move down the hallway , follow a trail of clothing . from inside a room , we hear the faint sound of chanting ... bedroom in Max 's bed , a thin sheet barely cover natasha 's body . her lip tremble with a slur song . with predatory eye , she watch Max stop in the doorway , something hold he back . N atasha ( frustrated sigh ) Fine . what be she name ? max who ? natasha the girl from the boring story you want tell I . the one that end with you live here . very sad . caught off guard , Max try to figure out how much he will say . natasha resume chanting as she wait - a stream of frantic syllable rattling off , nothing recognizable as word . natasha tell you what ... ( beat , evil smile ) call I by she name . max ( startle ) what ? natasha grin , leg spread , sheet start to fall away ... natasha that way you can make love to she again , just like she never leave you . ( shrill , mock voice ) oh , Max , I miss you ... a N y m 15 . like a switch , Max 's face close off again . ax you should go . natasha Excuse I ? max ( exhaust , to himself ) there 's nothing you can tell I . natasha explode out of the bed , spring up naked in front of Max - shoulder heaving with rage , eye wild black hole . N atasha ou be kick I out of you bed ? for a moment , it seem like natasha be about to attack . not physically intimidate , Max stare at she in disbelief . max yeah . natasha stomp into the hall , gather she clothes . she pull a cell phone from she crumpled pants and dial ... natasha ( on phone ) Owen , pick up if you be awake ... Max watch she disappear down the hall , front door slamming a moment later . he look around , silence return again . ext . STREET - night natasha walk down a dark , desolate block , the sound of she heel echoing off of the crumble building around she . her eye be still wild , she stride quick and aggressive . a group of men huddle in a stairway to avoid the wind . as natasha pass , they look up at she with equally wild eye . atasha step off the sidewalk and into a alley , plunging into the darkness like she 's be there many time before . in the distance , faint music rumble through the street . moment later , the few work lamp on the street dim ... N R a 16 . alley natasha barrel down the alley , squinting to see ahead . the music be a little louder , bass shaking the dumpster . a wind pick up , garbage blow ... suddenly unsettle by something , natasha 's pace slow . she tense , all she swagger vanish before we eye ... can rattle in the alley behind she . natasha spin ... nothing - just the flickering of moth swarm the alley 's only light , they shadow black shape against the brick . the sound of much larger beat wing fill the alley ... eye wide with terror , natasha search for something in the shape cast by the moth , dread deepen as she find it : eal winge shape mix with the shadow , flapping wildly ... natasha cry out , stumbling back . she turn , run ... natasha to yet ! please , just let I ... natasha 's scream seem lose in the chaos of wind and wing and distant music . she suddenly stop run ... more shadow assemble ahead of she , they black wing open . int . max's apartment - bedroom - morning Max hurriedly dress , wear the same suit from yesterday . he pick up he key , search around for something else - feel the pocket of he jacket , down in the cushion ... office Max move up the sidewalk , nearly at the step of he office . a rough-runn engine idle up the street , get closer . slowly , Max realize that he 's be follow . he turn ... a lex hillman sit behind the wheel - about Max 's age , but in much rougher condition , everything about he a little ashen . he watch Max turn away from the office and move closer . Max return Alex 's stare . we do not know if they be about to smile or open fire . they do not seem to know , either . Alex slide over and throw the passenger side door open . S a 17 . int . alex be car - day Alex and Max ride in silence , a palpable tension in the car . lex pull a pack of cigarettes from he pocket and shake one out . he hold the pack out to Max , who shake he head . Alex nod , smile , use he lighter and then lay it with the pack within Max 's reach . Max do not even glance down . after a silent moment , Alex look over at Max and frown . alex you be not serious , be you ? shake he head in disbelief , Alex pull to the curb . T hey have park at a crime scene - the alley in front of they seal with police tape , cop post to keep onlooker away . max what 's this ? Alex pull a flask from under he seat , take a quick pull . alex I need you to look at something . ext . alley - day Alex approach the alley , pull on a leather jacket and snap a badge onto he belt . the cop let he pass . Max follow Alex , slow as he cross the police tape . by the crowd of CSI tech , what start here do not end well . there 's blood everywhere , a dozen white sheet on the ground . max what happen to they ? alex her. just one . confused , Max study the sheet . on second look , they be not cover anything quite big enough to be a whole body . alex omebody find she leg near the sidewalk , call it in a few hour later . we find the other one in the dumpster over there . detective # 1 ( o.s. ) I do not believe it . m a 18 . Max and Alex turn to see that they have attract spectator , the other detective D the alley watch they intently . in etective # 1 do not tell I you two be gonna start work together again . I would -- lex ( ignore ) what do we know ? detective # 1 only that it do not happen here . Beyond that , I do not even know how to describe it in my report . ` disassembled , ' that 's the word we come up with . the detective grin , proud of he wit . Alex and Max move on without comment . Max look at the sheet , shaking he head . max why be you show I this ? Alex pull out a plastic evidence bag , hold it out ... Max 's wallet . alex we find it here , by she heart . Inside the clear bag , Max 's id picture be smear with blood . alex as far as we know , the victim - - max ( quiet ) natasha . ax kneel down over a tarp . the edge be pull back , revealing a pale forearm with a delicate tattoo of a wing . max ( remember ) they could not lift he up ... alex what do you just say ? Max look up at Alex , who be suddenly quite agitate . he glance back at the other detective - they be stare at Alex and Max , whisper something amongst themselves . F 19 . ( 2 ) alex we need to talk , Max . tonight . ( write something ) here 's my address ... max for God 's sake , I know where you -- alex ( somber ) no , I move out . Alex hand over the address and hurry away , leave Max stand in the alley , surround by natasha 's remain . ext . apartment build - night Max step out of he car , move up the sidewalk to a surprisingly nice apartment building : uniform doorman , the work . double -check the address , Max step inside ... int . apartment build - hallway - night near the end of the hall , Max stop at a apartment door . the wood be splinter , piece of the frame hang loose ... orce open . Max check the hall in both direction , draw he pistol ... alex' apartment - live room careful not to make a sound , Max step into a live room so messy that it 's hard to say for sure if it 's be ransacke . Max flip a switch by the door , but no light come on . max Alex ? be you in here ? Max pause so he eye can adjust to the trace of streetlight sneaking through the blind . he move deeper ... kitchen pistol ready , Max move into the kitchen . dirty dish , fly swarm around the neck of countless liquor bottle . U nseen behind Max 's back , the front door push close ... hallway Max creep down a hallway . his shoe crunch in something : a m 20 . a break mirror scattered in the hallway , the piece grow more concentrate towards the dark end of the hall . Max reach a open doorway . cautiously , he sweep inside ... in the hallway behind Max , something move in the shadow . ax move deeper into the darkness , gleam shard of mirror grind underfoot . something lie in the floor ahead ... body - leg stretch across the hall , upper torso not visible inside a room . a badge on the belt , a service revolver limp in it 's finger , tatter leather jacket . Alex . at the moment that register , a noise in the hallway behind he send Max ducking for cover in the doorway beside he . Max crouch , gun raise , stare at Alex 's motionless body . max Alex ! footstep grow closer ... slow , steady ... Max use the fragment of mirror scattered around Alex 's leg , each give a tiny view of the hallway ... one piece show a figure move closer , shroud in darkness . a nother reflection show a set of eye . frozen. frantic . it 's Alex , stare at Max , seem to silently beg for help . Max look from the reflection to the leg . there 's no way ... there 's no way Alex 's head be still attach to he body . thunderstruck , Max loose track of the shadow move closer to he hide spot , unable to pull he eye away from Alex . the figure lunge out of the shadow , slamm into Max ... the Dark shape 's slashing blow glint in the moonlight , cold metal slice the air faster than Max can fend off ... CUT to : a rapid series of image : Max drag himself up the hall , hand slice on the shard . the air echoe with angry voice , laughter and scream . blood drip down the wall , shadow teem with movement ... B T y 21 . the flapping grow louder , gust wind scatter glass . Max shout , disorient , instinctively push himself on . Alex 's eye , freeze wide , watch as Max crawl closer ... shadows in the air above Max roil with movement . demonic howl rattle the window . Max reach out to Alex ... above they , black wing pound . I not . hospital room - day Max 's eye pop open . he lie in a hospital bed , surround by flash machinery . Beyond the soft whir of equipment fan , the room be silent . bb ( o.c . ) the e.r. doctor 's old man be a patrolman in the 45th . I get he to get you a private room . in a chair by the bed , bb hensley ( 5as ) watch Max wake up . bb 's face be weathered and hard , but he smile be kind . bb we contact information be ... pretty out of date , you know , but one of the dispatcher remember I and you dad riding together back in the day . Max nod groggily , struggle to find he bearing ... suddenly , something break through . max Alex . bb nod , shiver at the mental image he name produce . bb he first unit to respond must have scared they away before they could do the same thing to you . pretty remarkable , consider you luck . max he be try to tell I something . B be he alive when you show up ? do you get a look at the guy who -- m J m 22 . max no. I get bflashes , but it 's ... wrong . B I hate to say it , but you need to come up with something better than that . they have get nothing for lead , so the whole force have you peg as the prime suspect . ax you tell they where to find I . bb no need . the funeral start in a hour . Max pop up , tangling the iv tube run into he hand . bb ust slow down . you need to -- Max wrap the clear tube around he hand and snap it free . ax what I need be to borrow some dress blue . can you help I out ? bb ( reluctant ) yeah . my office be on the way . as Max take a unsteady step onto the cold tile floor , a concerned bb throw he overcoat across Max 's shoulder . int . bb's car - day bb and Max ride in silence , radio overpower by the blast heater . Max close the overcoat over he hospital gown . D .j. ( v.o. ) -- with a major system move down from Canada tonight , transportation authority be brace for a blizzard ... bb pull against the curb on a block unfamiliar to Max . ext . asgard build - day a massive stone structure , squat like a military fortress and black under the storm cloud . there have be update over the year , but nothing could to hide the age of the building . I ( B 23 . bb start across the sidewalk to the entrance . Max follow , give a confuse frown at the building they be approach . max you quit work for aesir ? bb lead Max through a wringht -iron gate , into a small courtyard lead back to the thick wood door of the entrance . B I do not quit , they make I head of security for the whole parent company . that come with its own building , such that it be . beat ) check this out . a proud parent , bb point at a deep pit in the stone wall . max ( impatient ) it 's a bullet hole . bb yeah , from a musket ball . the british use this place as a military prison during the Revolutionary War . think about that . it 's older than St. Paul 's . m ax look up at the crumble gargoyle perch above . not . asgard build - bb's office - day the double door fly open onto a massive office - dark wood panell , a wall of window glow white from the snow . Max go to the window . spread out bellow he , the wide black expanse of the East River roll past . bridge arc up into the storm cloud and disappear before they hit Brooklyn . bb W hen the weather be not so shitty , the view be unbelievable . ( go to the closet ) I be not make any guarantee that any of this will fit . while bb root around inside , Max absently scan he desk . a slick company newsletter - `aesir pharmaceuticals . ' on the cover , nicole horne - 50' , dignify , not quite smile . `a holiday message from the ceo ' print below she face . E m I T T m 24 . bb I save one of that for you . ( off Max 's confusion ) third page from the back . Max flip the page - smile scientist , sparkling lab ... ichelle payne , bright smile illuminate a bland corporate portrait . the same face in the photo Max show the junkie . bb hey be go to set up some kind of scholarship in she name . taken by surprise , Max do not seem to hear bb 's explanation . bb hey keep come to I for suggestion over what she might want . I guess since we go back so far , maybe they think I be ( family . nobody know how to find you ... beat ) I say art . she like art , right ? Max nod , turn he eye away from the photograph . bb t's a nice thing , a scholarship . good way to remember somebody . ax eagerly take the old uniform from bb , happy to have something else to focus on . bb study he body language . bb you still have not be out there , have you ? Max do not answer , slip into a wrinkle dress shirt . xt . cemetery - day Cars line the drive lead into the cemetery . people leave they warmth and hurry through the iron gate - this mourner especially determine , a community out to honor a fall brother . bb and Max follow they onto the ... cemetery path Max 's eye be on the cemetery . bb follow he gaze ... two marble angel on the hill . one smaller than the other . m B m ( 25 . bb ( gently push ) it 's a nice spot . I will go up there with you after , if you want ... Max shake he head . up ahead , a young mother tend to two little girl dress in black , escort through the cemetery gate by the honor guard . christa hillman , Alex 's widow . face blank , still in shock . B B suddenly anxious ) go ahead up and say something to christa . I will find we some seat ... ax thread he way through the mass of uniformed cop wait to enter the cemetery . one by one they notice Max , jaw clenching . Max do not realize the gauntlet he 's in , distract by a glance of bb slinking into the grave ... ... where nicole horne watch the funeral from among the headstone , almost overdress in head - to - toe black . Close at hand , jason colvin hold Nicole 's umbrella . B approach Nicole , body language weak and deferential ... Max glance back at the path and find himself face a wall of angry cop . he keep walk , no sign of back down . christa ( o.c. ) let he through . even with the cop make way , the walk to christa be hard - the heartbreak and grief on she face slow Max 's gait . ax christa , I be really sorry about what -- christa do not talk to I like some stranger . christa 's eye bore into Max with all the weight of a long and deep friendship , momentarily shaming he into silence . christa who do this to he , Max ? max we do not have a lot , yet ... christa step towards Max , tooth gritt with powerless rage . N I T 26 . ( 2 ) christa ( seethe ) when everything happen to you , Alex completely fall apart . he ruin he life , he care that much . so what be you go to do for he , now ? m ax could melt under that eye , but christa turn she back and continue up the path to Alex 's wait coffin . shame , Max turn away and start back down the path alone . bravura detective Payne ? everyone turn to see jim bravura ( 40s ) lean on the fence . bravura .a. I need you to come with I . hough they would be moment from brawling , there 's a common reaction from the other cop : nobody like this guy . Max look around , humiliate . max ow ? bravura now . graveside the honor guard stand in formation by the flag-drape casket . the priest wait , he bible rip in the wind ... christa twist around in she chair , look down at the cemetery gate . she see the crowd , Max be escort away . christa ( sad , to the priest ) okay . above they all , Nicole horne stand like a shadow between the grave , too far away to hear the word of the priest . int . bravura's office a cramped office , pack with box - a civil servant 's tomb . wedge behind the desk , bravura sort through he note . Max and bb sit across the desk , leave on ice while bravura read . I h 27 . bravura slide a folder over to Max - photograph of the alley , natasha 's cover body . bravura watch he reaction . bravura ow would the girl have you wallet ? max she steal it . bravura like ... pick you pocket ? Max shrug . bravura so you do not know she be a prostitute ? the slight uncomfortable look pass between Max and bb . max no , I do not . we meet through a friend . bravura trevor Duncan . he 's you friend ? max I guess . bravura that 's classy . you know what trevor do for a live , I assume ? max he use to snitch for I . bravura T ell I , Max , what 's a glorify file clerk still need a snitch for ? Max stay stone - face , bury any emotion bravura could use . bravura see . so you would piss in a cup for we , right ? bb ( stand ) I think you just say the magic word . call once you hear from the union lawyer . bravura replace natasha 's picture with a stack of shot take in Alex 's apartment . despite himself , Max freeze . L B y 28 . ( 2 ) bravura ou and detective hillman have not work together since you reassignment . what make you get back in touch ? Max be distract by the photograph : enormous blood stain in stark flash bulb light , no longer hide by the shadow . max he want I to help he with something . bravura ( make a note ) and ? Max look up from the picture , realize he 's be bait into say more than he would mean to . he start for the door . max that 's what I be go to do . ravura give Max a hard look . mad , but genuinely search . bravura ook at this from my perspective : I have get two body in ten body bag . you m be the last person to see either one ... ax ( point to the photo ) and some of that blood be mine . good luck with you case . as Max storm out , bb calmly stand and pull on he jacket . bb Nice work , detective . as bb turn to leave , bravura stand from behind he desk . bravura you have be around long enough to know I be he only way out . bb look back and see the business card bravura 's hold out . after a conflict moment , bb slip it into he pocket . elevator still fume from the encounter with bravura , Max watch the number over the door fall . bb stand beside he , anxious . a car load of people surround they , press tightly together . m m a 29 . bb well , I hope that feel good . Max do not respond , eye drift to the directory mount above the button . `2 nd floor , traffic violation , ' `5 th floor , narcotics .... ' bb it make you look guilty . you understand that , right ? now it 's not just Alex 's unit that think you be the guy ... Max 's eye find ` 10 th floor , homicide division . ' the door open with a chime , and the crowd press forward . h allway - continuous bb step out with the other passenger , still talk to Max . bb you need friend on the force right now . there 's only so much I can do outside ... bb turn to see if he word be do anything to reach Max . however , Max be still stand in the elevator , the only one leave on the car . he press the button for the tenth floor . bb where be you go ? the door lurch shut . homicide office Max step into the room . t once , you be strike by how this be the opposite of the cold case department : desk cluttere by labor instead of neglect , detective engage in they telephone conversation . eye start to find he . ax march forward , ignore the spread wave of shock . Max stop at a door mark `alex hillman . ' it 's lock . ax jiggle the door knob . F m B 30 . detective # 1 ( shouting ) hey ! Max do not look up . he keep shaking the handle , desperate . detective # 1 ( cont would ) hey asshole , that door 's lock for a reason . one by one , the detective climb to they foot , expression show outrage and anger . they close in on Max ... detective # 2 God damn it , that mean you need a -- m ax give the knob a final twist , and the door swing open . max ( to himself ) there be not ever a key . Max step inside . enrage , the detective start to follow ... ut the door slam again in they face . alex' office the doorknob rattle , no method this time . shout and bang ring through the door . ignoring it , Max survey the room ... the office be bare , no decoration or personal touch . Max walk deeper into the room , open a filing cabinet . empty . try to remain calm while the door shake violently , Max turn he attention to the desk . one drawer empty ... Max try another drawer , and find this one lock . ax drive he boot into the drawer , again and again . detective ( o.c. ) what be you do in there ? teeth gritt against the pain , Max deliver a final kick . the drawer front shatter and collapse . Max reach inside . ile - not criminal jacket like the one in cold case . more official , somehow . Max flip through one at random ... `green , owen A. ' not a mug shot , but a military id photo . m a 31 . out in the hall , the crowd of detective seem to grow larger , the pounding on the door become more severe . T he slamming sound outside push Max deeper into the desk , frantically spilling the content onto the floor ... Michelle 's face . Max 's eye go wide . another photograph of Michelle . nother . shake , Max 's hand dig deeper ... a impact send crack split up the length of the door ... homicide office two detective throw they shoulder into the door . the rest crowd around they , foam at the mouth to get inside to Max . one more lunge ... the door shatter , send the detective tumble inside ... alex' office photo and document be scattered across the floor , over Alex 's desk , mix in with the fragment of the break desk . from a open window , the storm 's first flurry drift inside . Max be go . ext . STREET - night the snowfall have pick up , flurry give way to thick heavy flake already stick to the sidewalk . Max lean into the sting wind , lose in the night 's revelation . hax slow abruptly , look back at the street behind he ... eavy shadow pool around the alley , doorway and swell car . the streetlight seem to carry less in the snow . a figure walk down the opposite sidewalk . with heavy snow fill the space between they , it 's hard to make out much ... ... but there 's something flow out from the figure 's back . W T 32 . Max turn back to the sidewalk ahead , jaw clenching ... alley abruptly , Max 's duck into the mouth of alley . back press to the cold brick , he draw he pistol and chamber a round . unseen by Max , something move in the shadow behind he ... he street lamp begin to sputter . in the strobing light , long black shadow billow from the figure 's shoulder ... Max back away from the corner , deeper into the dark alley where three shape be surging forward to meet he ... Max dodge , but he pistol 's knocked to the pavement . Max stumble , bring up he guard . the man charge again . Max sidestep , grab a arm as he do , snapping the bone ... o ut on the street , the man 's scream mix with the howling wind . the figure step into the street , towards the alley ... Max be jump from all side , opponent finally coordinate to overwhelm he . the figure step out of the wind ... ... and what seem to be wing turn out to be a long coat . mona sax move closer , open that coat to reveal a thick metal chain . Max growls as arm pull he upright . max lose you dog ? mona whip the chain into Max 's face , clanking as it strike bone . instantly , blood begin stream from he mouth ... mona we need to talk about my sister . the chain crack again , Max 's tooth rattling from the blow . max hoever kill you sister do the same thing to my partner -- ( louder ) it be the same person . mona yeah . you . mona hit Max again , this time in the shin . Max cry out . m ( 33 . max slur ) so stupid ... slowly at first , mona whirl the chain into a larger loop ... mona you leave you wallet lie beside she body . who 's stupid ? m ax slump to the side , spitting out a stream of blood ... max do that sound like something a homicide cop would get wrong ? mona whip the chain faster , cutting the air ... think ... gasp at the pain , Max slowly straighten up again . max you know somebody name Owen ? mona let the chain 's speed gradually slow again . mona Owen Green ? max natasha call he on she way out of my apartment . give I one day to -- mona drop the chain with a clank . ona no. now . she motion for she man to haul Max to he foot . int . owen' build - hallway - night mona and Max storm down a dim apartment hallway in tense silence . Max wipe the blood from the cut on he face . max who be this guy ? mona let she coat fall open , revealing a machine gun . mona somebody my sister use to hang around with . Nice kid . ( more ) 34 . mona ( cont 'd ) ( chamber a round ) you better hope he back you story up . max I have thing I need to ask he , myself . mona flash Max a look before pounding on a door . mona ( call through the door ) Owen , open up . a louder , longer knock . mona open -- a mute scream filter through the door , cut she short . Max drive he boot into the door , splintering the jam ... int . owen' apartment - continuous Max and mona rush into the room , breath smoking from the cold . all of the window be open . gust of snow blow inside , drift of white powder extend into the room ... max ( call out ) Owen ? he scream he response from the next room . they rush ... live room ... through the door , weapon draw . both stop short : owen GREEN be all alone in the room . scream , swatting at empty air around he , each limb move a different direction . m ax lower he pistol - ready for anything , not for this . Owen 's foot slip over the snow , toe curling desperately on the ice , search for traction as they slide closer ... owen ( breathless , to no one ) help I . ...to a open window on the other side of the room . mona Owen ? . 35 . he do not seem to hear - sweat stream down he terrify face , snowflake frosting the perspiration on he chest . Owen 's eye be instead draw through the open window ... .. where silhouettes flicker against the storm - darken sky . oblivious to the shape outside , Max and mona watch Owen 's terror intensify , he dervish dance grow more frantic ... outside every window , black shape float closer in the air above the street - vaguely human , long wing pounding ... ... send gust of wind rip through the window , kick up snow and ice . Max and mona shrink back , shield they eye at the blast as Owen 's torture scream fill the room ... twist like he 's try to pull free from invisible hand , Owen reach the window . as if try to push back , he hand and foot fly up to the trim around the window ... max Owen , wait ... unable to turn around , Owen 's eye find the reflect image of Max and mona in the window he 's be pull to ... h be attention be tear from they reflection on top of the glass by the spectre loom beyond it outside . they claw reach in , rake he body , pull he closer ... realizing that Owen be not stop , Max rush towards he . owen ( scream ) make they stop , tell they I can not fly ... Max lunge forward , try in vain to cover yard ... ... when Owen only have inch . he 's rip into the void ... ext . owen' build - continuous Max throw himself forward into the window , look down ... ... where Owen fall , look up at Max helplessly ... ... then less terrify , as the wind keep rushing past ... ... and then , just before impact , relieved . Owen crash into the sidewalk . B 36 . mona race up to join Max in the window . for a stunne beat they look down at the shattered body of Owen Green - he unblink eye freeze on the heaven , collect snowflake . mona ( shake ) what do we just see ? no answer , Max study Owen 's twisted body . Long , finger - like bruise trace out from he neck , blend with the tattoo that lace he grey skin . grinning skull , the usmc eagle / globe / anchor ... ... and a pair of wing , just like natasha 's . I nt. tattoo parlor - night Max drop a Polaroid of Owen 's tattoo onto a glass counter . lue water ripple through translucent pipe in the wall and floor , the air of the small room glow like the ocean . a mirrore ceiling repeat the tattoo parlor again above . max you be sure this be the place ? mona natasha have all she work do here . a elderly tattoo artist move up behind the counter . artist something I can help you with ? Max slide the photograph across to the tattoo artist . max what if I want this tattoo ? tattoo artist then you be probably in the Marine Corps . max ( point to the wing ) this one . the artist stoops closer , tensing when he see the design . mona lean over the counter , lock onto the artist 's eye . mona what be it ? 37 . as encouragement , mona let she coat open to reveal she gun . tattoo artist ( intimidate ) it 's a norse superstition . the Viking use to wear they for protection . mona trust I , my sister have all the guardian angel she need . tattoo artist not angel . valkyry . T he artist go to a shelf bulg with old book - he reference library . he search through dusty volume ... just past the shelf , a doorway be crack open . a young apprentice artist hover in the dark and listen in on the conversation unnotice - sweat , he pupil draw back ... returning with a book , the artist find the page : a winge woman lead by a pack of wolf over a grizzly battlefield . tattoo artist in norse mythology , the only way you get to go to heaven be to die in violence . die in you sleep , you go to hell . valkyry fly over the battlefield , pick out the righteous dead . they reward the people who draw first blood . ( beat ) a soldier 's angel . nodding , mona let she gun drift away from the artist . tattoo artist I be generally thrilled to have referral business , but I tell people look for that wing to find ink closer to home . mona where 's home ? tattoo artist some club down in alphabet City . mona turn to leave , satisfied , but Max be stick on the book - the valkyrie 's empty eye , bloody body at she foot ... max Protection from what ? I 38 . ( 2 ) suddenly , all the light go out . T he pipe stop glow , blackness replace the blue light . out of the corner of he eye , Max see a darker shadow race across the room towards they , almost too fast to be human ... Max and mona have time to duck ; the artist be not so lucky . a crack of bone , the old man 's skull take the brutal force ... mona 's weapon bark , a short burst ripping through the air . n the momentary fire , Max can see the shape swinging a club . the bat cut through the air , smashing open glass pipe in the wall behind Max , the shard raining down over he ... the figure charge at Max again . Max 's pistol crack . the room be abruptly silent . the light flash on . mona step out of the back room ... Max be stunne to find himself stand over nothing more monstrous than the apprentice - one hand over the hole in he chest , the other weakly swinging a shard of glass at Max . a pprentice ( gurgle , to Max ) they see you ... they see you ... mona do you know this guy ? Max shake he head , strike mute by the look in the die man' eye . int . max's car - night Max push the car over slick street , clothes cover in the artist 's blood . lose in think , mona look out the window . mona ( without conviction ) maybe it be not anything new . people get strung out , act crazy ... max you think they be both on something ? m 39 . mona Crystal meth , maybe , some amphetamine that raise you body temperature in a overdose . explain why they be both sweat like that , try to cool off . ( beat ) of course , a junky will not usually jump out the window if there 's someone leave in the room to beg or rob . ax nod he agreement , replaying Owen 's death in he mind . max you be stand right beside I . mona and ? max jumped be not the word I would use . ext . ragna rok - dusk in a block of abandon storefront , only one retain a spark of life , its red sign burn in the die light : ragna rok . T he street be more crowded there , people shuffle towards that sign and the sound of dark music filter from inside . int . max's car - dusk Max 's car turn onto the block , slowly approach ragna rok . Max and mona silently absorb the scene on the street . even from halfway down the block , bass from the club reach they . mona they all look ... across the street , Max watch someone drag a limp body by one leg . nobody he walk past seem to notice . max like Owen . Max keep he speed slow , idling away up the block . max this be not anything I have see before . m 40 . ragna rok recede in the mirror , the block between it and the car studd with more smolder car and dead - eye face , they number seem to grow even as mona watch . ona ( cont 'd ) you ever be to Rome ? Max do not answer , the come plague before he register . mona glance up at a pass street sign - " little italy . " mona ( cont 'd ) better city than this one have fall . ( point to the curb ) this be far enough . mona open she car door and climb out , lean back inside . mona ( cont 'd ) sorry about the chain . mona slam the door and move off down the sidewalk , blend into the crowd . Max drop the car into gear , give one last glance to ragna rok before pull away . T here 's some flicker of movement on the rooftop ... U ext . ragna rok - rooftop - dusk p on the roof , music inside the club rattle old pipe . perched at the edge of the roof , a figure chant along ... Jack lupino - the tattooe face we catch a glimpse of in the candle light of trevor 's party , now fully visible in the fail sun and no less frightening . his colorless eye absorb the street , the scream , Max 's car pull away ... on he back , the tattoo of two elaborate black wing . steam rise from ink-blackened skin , snow melting before it land . int . max's apartment - night Max sit in he chair in the silent room , turn the page of Michelle 's book . there 's more than grief on he cut and bruise face tonight , hand not tremble the way they be . fruit bowl , delicate charcoal nude flip past ... frustrate , Max let the image drift by with less sentiment : image no longer speak to the question he need answer . with a exasperate sigh , Max slam the book close ... a faint white sliver appear in the cover . T 41 . Max lean closer . it 's the corner of a piece of paper , protrude from a razor- thin cut in the spine of the sketchbook , invisible under all but the close inspection . Max run he thumbnail into the gap , spread glue crackling - he flinch , almost afraid to cause the book pain . F or a moment , Max be catch between he desire to protect the memento and to see what 's hide inside . a deep breath ... with a sharp pull , the cover of the book shear away . the page wad and wrinkle , old paint flaking off . the cover he would caress rip . flutter to the floor , a sheaf of yellow page hide in the cover flutter to the floor . Max open the fold page . the first be nearly identical to what we see inside : a bouquet of flower , unfinish . Max scrutinize the pencil stroke ... suddenly , he eye go wide : a little pair of bat-like wing . in the corner of the page , have nothing to do with the rest of the still life . Max turn to the next page . there 's a another draw of wing - larger this time , pencil stroke more energetic . horrify by what he 's see , Max 's hand tremble as they turn the page . on the next , the wing be the main draw . on the next , they be scrawle in smear ink . max ( nauseous , to himself ) no ... the wing begin to lose they shape , overlap . grow together . the last page be completely black . int . cop bar - night even with everybody out of uniform , the build and body language mark this as a cop bar . bb rush inside , hair give he away as have be asleep shortly before . he bar be still decorate with plastic mistletoe and fake snow . bb look at the bartender , who motion to the back ... 42 . back booth bb fight he way to a corner booth , where Max be slump over a beer and a shot . a match set wait for bb across the table . bb pull off he coat and sit , force casual . bb it be sit at this very table that you father tell I I need to retire . ( beat ) for about a minute , I just sit here think about knock he out of he chair . the job be everything to I , to the point that I could not see the write on the wall - what it be do to my marriage , my health . you old man know if I be go to listen to reason , it B could only happen in here . B stoops down to find Max 's eye , try for a connection . bb there 's nothing you can not say in here . it 's like hallow ground . for a long beat , Max work up the nerve to speak . max I watch a guy throw himself out of a window tonight . the thing he be say - bb any guy who throw himself out a window , I would not pay any attention to the thing he say . max the problem be , I know what he be talk about . bb try to nod he understanding , but concern creep in . max I have not be really afraid of anything since ... that night . bb and you be now ? max there 's something go on , and I can not find a rational explanation for it . ( more ) B m B 43 . max ( cont 'd ) there 's ... something out there , hurt people -- bb okay , calm down . max it 's real . I be not crazy . bb then stop act like it . Max , you be break into office , i.a. be all over you , you will not even show up for work ... max the night Alex die , there be something else in the room with we . I see it . B B go a bit pale , smile fade as Max 's word continue . B it 's really important that you be careful how you talk to people about this , okay ? you be already under suspicion -- max it 's the same thing this people be see right before they die . ( beat , pain ) I think Michelle see it , too . bb for God 's sake , do not drag she into this . ax stand up , storming towards the exit . bb pull out a thick money clip and overpay before follow ... ext . cop bar - night bb rush out , struggle to keep up with Max 's longer leg . bb what 's really go on here ? max Alex find something out about what happen to she . something new . B there 's no way . he would have tell we . max he be try , right before he die ... ( 44 . bb listen , okay ? why do not you come back with I , let Beth make up the guest room for you . just for tonight . Max nod , but keep move away from bb . bb you need to take some time . get some sleep , heal up . see if it still feel real after that ... max it 's real . Max cross against the light , cut through the drive snow . bb try to follow , but traffic push he back . h elpless , bb can only bury he hand in he pocket and watch Max fade away . after a moment , he pull something out ... a business card : `j. bravura , i.a . ' ext . train platform - night in a ticket booth , a elderly attendant shiver by a space heater , ticket window plugge with make- shift insulation . the attendant look up from he book and see Max approach through the snow . Max slow as he get closer , look up at the glow threshold to the train beyond . he stop . attendant ( via intercom ) you riding ? Max hold for a moment . for all the danger he 's face , this be the most hesitation we have see from he so far . attendant via intercom ) if you be come , you better come on . Way it 's look , might be the last train tonight . Max take a step into the light of the ticket booth . the attendant open the ticket slot , let a gust of freezing air blow inside . Max slide a few bill through . ticket in hand , Max start he solitary march to the train . ( 45 . int . gognitti be HOTEL - bar - night a dingy , dark bar on the first floor of a even sleazier hotel . it 's nearly empty , only the dedicated drunk venture out in the storm . the front door swing open ... the old man shiver at the stiff blast of wind rush in , turn to look . napkin flutter . snowflake blow inside . from a booth in the corner , vinnie gognitti ( 5as , pudgy ) shoot a hard look at the open door , not immediately recognize the silhouette in the passage ... vinnie in or out , asshole . mona step inside , boot heavy with ice . her men follow . flanke by men of he own , vinnie freeze when he see mona . vinnie ( cont 'd ) so ? mona we need to talk . ( beat ) talk . gradually , vinnie and he man relax . vinnie shut the door , then . you ruskies may be use to it , but I be freezing my dick off over here . back office they have pack into a tiny back office - Russian gunman on one side of the desk , italian on the other . mona and vinnie represent they different side , the only people seat . vinnie okay . so talk . mona something be take from I . it involve a club in italian territory , so I need you bless to go make it right . V innie you be ask my permission ? smirk to he man ) well in that case , sweetheart ... m V 46 . mona look vinnie over , bored to death by the whole thing . mona I say ibless . ' vinnie oh . well , bless might cost extra . which club be we talk about ? mona ragna rok . innie try to keep a poker face , but the name chill he . mona ( cont 'd ) over on Avenue -- vinnie yeah , I know . ( beat , rattle ) sure , fine . you have my permission ... bless , whatever . mona frown , she wish grant a little too easily . mona you do still control that block , right ? it 's south of -- vinnie the guy 's name be Jack lupino . mona well , that sound italian to I . vinnie he 's no kind of italian I have ever see . tattooe freak , a real sicko from what we hear . ona ( sneering ) you be afraid of tattoo , now ? vinnie when the club first open , I send somebody down to collect the ... you know , fire insurance . a day go by , and I do not see he . then I get two box deliver to I . one box 's get my guy 's hand and ear in it . the other box have a quarter of a million dollar in cash . E m 47 . ( 2 ) mona this neighborhood have be you family 's forever . two -fifty large be all it take to -- vinnie what get my attention , mona , be that the box be deliver by a cop car . a guy in uniform hand they to I in broad daylight . ( beat ) I be not scared of tattoo , or freak , or mouthy Russian bitch . but whoever 's watch over lupino , whoever it be you really need to bless you walk inside ragna rok ...him , I be scared of . ext . suburban train station - night the platform be cleaner than the one in the city - dress up for the taste of the commuter who step off of the train . Max thread he way through the handful of exhaust businessmen arrive home , move out into the darkness . ext . suburban neighborhood - night the snow 's drive just as hard out here , but peaceful house with warm window glow make the storm feel comforting . in the yard , forget sleds disappear under new powder , go for good by morning . snowm distort as they swell . Max Payne trudge up the center of the street , a black streak spoil the peace of the evening . a trespasser . T he house one house on the block stand out : there 's no neatly shovele driveway , no colorful Christmas light flash from the eave . a black void behind every window , no life inside . ax stand in the street , look up at the house . bb ( v.o. ) she be thirty - five . the daughter , two month . from what we could tell , it start out as a robbery . xt . house - back yard a row of footprint lead around back . G m B B 48 . bb ( v.o. ) oth of the man have record , mostly bullshit - possession , petty theft . hanging in the overgrown hedge , a overlook scrap of yellow police tape shimmer in the wind . bb ( v.o. ) ut that day ... I do not know . they have something else on they mind . Max stand at the back door . he touch the unpaint wood around the glass , repair never fully complete . bb ( v.o. ) ax be maybe ten minute late . Max reach for the handle ... hesitant to actually touch ... CUT to : int . house - late afternoon ( flashback ) a live room in the stillness of evening , golden air pack like amber around baby bottle and toy on the coffee table . the front door open , and a man step inside ... Max Payne , different in every way : the malnourishment and neglect go from he face , a fullness in he frame from m regular home - cook meal . shave and a haircut . Nice suit . ax pick up the mail from the floor and stroll inside ... kitchen tie loosen , Max get a beer from the fridge . unwinding , he take a long sip and begin sorting through the mail . lancing up from the mail , Max see the kitchen door ... Glass smashed . blind tear . stand open . stairway Max charge upstairs . men' voice echo down from above . max ( call out ) Michelle ! his eye be not hard yet . rushing up the stair , we see Max 's faith in the world start to crack for the first time ... ( 49 . hallway - continuous Max turn the corner into a hallway bath in golden afternoon light , the same one he see in the river ... between Max and the end of the hall , two junkies be huddle against a door . twist the handle , smacking the wood . Max pull a pistol from a low - pro holster , step forward . max ( call out ) Michelle ? the junky turn to Max , eye black and glassy . sick smile . max shouting to the door ) Michelle , I be right here ... without a word , the junky charge . Max take aim and blast one of they in the forehead . the m other keep rush , swinging a long knife at Max 's neck . ax duck , a quarter - second and a quarter - inch from a slit throat . the swing throw the thin man off balance ... he try again - ropy muscle strain skin speckle with track . Max grab he arm , throw the thin man off balance . they go down to the hardwood floor together . too close to line up a shot , Max drive the butt of the pistol into the man 's nose , splitting it across the bridge . blood spatter he gaunt face , but that eye never change ... junkie it 's okay . they be angel , now . strain , he move the knife 's tip closer to Max 's belly ... Max jam the barrel under the junkie 's leer jaw and pull the trigger . blood atomize into a hang cloud around he . Max jump up and race to the door . lock from the inside . max ( call , frantic ) Michelle ! Max throw he shoulder into the door , snapping the hinge ... B C T m 50 . bedroom - continuous the momentum send Max tumble inside ... a man slip out of the window , one leg still inside ... ax open FIRE at the retreate shape . curtain billow in front of the open window , a summer sunset outside . Max let the gun fall to he side , breathe hard . m ichelle huddle on the bed , baby wrap tight in she arm . Max rush over to she , reach out to touch she shoulder . max Michelle ... her mouth be wide open , eye unfocus . muscle slack . Michelle 's not stunne . she 's not unconscious . he baby be not just sleep . the moment that hit he , the light go out of Max 's eye . UT to : int . bedroom - night Max stand at the door , see the room with that same eye . the furniture be go , all the carpet rip out . one window be still open , no frilly curtain block the blackness outside . snow gust in , pile on the sill . bb ( v.o. ) we look everywhere for the third guy , but there be nothing to go on . not a hair of he leave behind . slowly march across the room , Max slam the window shut . int . asgard build - bb's office - night bb stand in the window , watch the storm . B I call in a favor before I retire , have he transfer to cold case while he deal with the shock of it . I think it we be patient , give he time , Max would come back to he old self again . 51 . bravura sit in front of the desk , watch bb . when bb finally look over , the weight of the story show in he eye , bravura 's face B do not reveal any hint of emotion . B look , I call you because I think I recognize something in you . I think if we could talk off the record -- bravura I be listen . bb ( emotional ) this be not just some job stress freak - out . this be a man who lose everything , and who deserve a little understanding from the rest of we . if you would know he before ... ( beat , pain ) you would want to believe he , too . bravura believe he about what ? not expect this turn in the conversation , bravura sit up . bravura be you say you think Max do have something to do with Alex 's murder ? bb absolutely not . Alex be he partner , they be like brother ... he could not have . there 's no way . bravura then what be we talk about ? bb look , Max be like a son to I . do not put I in a position to have to hang he . ( beat , pain ) but you should hear the kind of thing he 's say ... hallucination , none of it make any sense to I . I be worried he 's go to get into another situation before I can convince he to come in . B ravura be you tell I he be -- T B B B 52 . ( 2 ) bb I be tell you to find he tonight , before somebody else get hurt . bravura nod , reeling from the revelation of this new information . bb pick up he coat and start for the door . bb be there anything we can do to help you bring he in ? unofficially , of course ... bravura bring he in will not be a problem . where I need you help will be he -- B why do you say that ? bravura stand , finish a note . ravura a New Jersey unit id would he near he old house . it should not be long . B nod , somberly mull this over . bb you have to find he first , protect he . some of the guy from Alex 's unit beat you to he , they will not wait for a trial . ext . storage space - night at the edge of a strip mall , a ramshackle personal storage business sit behind a razor - wire fence . Inside the fence , row of stall for rent , cover by metal garage door . here 's the faint sound of metal stretching , and Max be over the fence . he move through the row , read the number . a padlock hang from the door , shine metal glaze over with a sheet of ice . Max find a pristine key on a ring in he pocket . hand shaking , he crack the ice and try ... I nt. storage space the garage door raise , cold metal rattling as it roll up . Max stand silhouett in the doorway , look in on rag stack of cardboard box . his breath bloom around he . ` T W 53. Max step inside , pull a box mark ` garage ' out into the light . open it , he root around and find a flashlight . switch on , a golden beam cut through the blue shadow . Max walk deeper into the space , brush the light over the box . he hold he hand over one , as if warming it ... Max open the box . ait for he under the flap , a stuff animal stare up at Max from inside the box . silly grin , freeze eye shine . hand tremble , Max push the toy aside . deeper in the box , he find a frame picture and pull it into the light ... the photograph be of Max - young , cleaner , genuinely smile . pose along with he , olan Mills -style , be Elizabeth and the baby . gauzy backdrop , church clothes . Max study it , haggard new face reflect in the glass ... abruptly , Max jump up and move away from the box . Long stride , try in vain to physically shake the memory , to block out the emotion with something productive ... the flashlight beam keep sweeping , deeper and deeper . Max choke back tear , occasionally glance at the baby box . he beam hit on a document box in the back row . ` office . ' Max rush over , nearly tipping the other box in he hurry to throw the lid off the document box . row of folder , all m neatly label with feminine script . ax brushes he finger over the tabs , smile sadly . each year numbered -- ` 1998 , ' ` 1999 , ' ` 2000 ' ... max ( to himself ) okay , chelle . help I , here ... Max 's finger skim to the last file in the box , mark ` 2004 . ' much thin than the other . her last year . only one file in the final section . Max open it , find page of handwritten note , photocopy , drawing ... close the file , he check the name on the tab and frown . project valhalla .' T V 54 . ext . storage space - night Max step out of the storage locker . he tuck the manila folder inside he coat and pull the metal door close . he start away , retrace he step to the fence . mind reeling with what he 's just see , the memory flooding back -- there 's a second set of footprint in the snow before he . Max freeze , they significance immediately register . oice ( o.s. ) stay where you be ! a young cop step out of the shadow behind Max , pistol train on the back of he head . the cop 's eye be wide m with panic . he assume a awkward , textbook fire position . ax ( turn slowly ) relax , I be a cop . young cop do not move ! I know who you be . he gun stay train on Max . slowly , he raise he hand . max just relax . I need you to trust I for a minute ... young cop yeah ? be that what you say to you partner ? max you do not understand . young cop ( gesture with the gun ) Lay down on you face . Max study the cop - stiff leg unsteady on the deep snow , he frostbitten finger wrap around the trigger . trapped between two row of lock door , Max have no cover to run . peek through the snow at Max 's foot , a extension cord snake under the shiver cop 's leg and down the corridor . T 55 . max ( bend down ) okay , just take it easy . Max start to lay down , causally lay he hand over the power cord . the cop edge closer , smirk as Max comply . young cop Word 's get around about the sick shit you do to he , too . if I be you , I would get ready for sort of a long ride back into the city ... Max wrap he hand around the cord and whip it tight ... the cop pitch backward , squeezing off a shot as he fall . before he can fire again , Max pounce on the cop , drive a T knee into he chest and wrenching the pistol away . he cop twist in the extension cord , unplugge the light . Max drive the butt of the pistol into the side of he head . he cop go limp . Max pull the clip , clear the chamber and let the gun fall in the snow beside the unconscious cop . struggle to he foot , Max race down the corridor and scale the icy chain link . he drop into the snow , immediately break into a dead run on the other side . int . elevator - night a express elevator hiss upwards at great speed , the sleek interior like a european sport car . alone inside , Jason colvin watch the blur of number with dread . a mute chime , and the door draw back ... int . aesir skyscraper - penthouse office - night thin steel beam loft through the air , three storey of open air encase by glass , a silent void project into the heart of the storm . in the center of the room , a single black bar . it 's a desk , obsidian , polished to a mirrore sheen . aesir International 's cool blue logo reflect across its surface . Jason colvin approach the desk , nervously watch the shadow figure of Nicole horne read through a document . every hair , every stitch of clothing perfect . F ootstep echoing , he reach the desk and wait for a beat . o m ` N 56 . colvin we have a problem . icole cut she eye to colvin - wither , a current of fear pass through he . with great effort , she smile . int . train - night Max slump in he seat , watch the black sky whip past . the manila folder close in he hand , finger trace the edge . slowly , carefully , he let the folder fall open . Max 's eye skim across the handwritten note , linger over underscore phrase and circle word . drink it in . on the next page , a sketch of black wing pull Max 's attention . with dread , he read a note below the draw : subject describe demonic vision , hysterical rage ... ' max ( to himself ) subject ? the hypnotic motion of the train begin to change , the rhythm of the rail falter a little . ax turn the page . more wing , each in a slightly different style , each version surround by descriptive note ... Max skim , excited , as the train 's hiccup grow worse ... as the blue and black world sweep past outside the window , Max 's face soften almost into a smile ... all the light go out . the train rapidly lose speed ... S tartled voice murmur . window that have be black glow to life as the passenger ' eye adjust to the dark car ... utside , the moonless night become a hazy expanse of blue snow , cover the embankment along the railroad track and the break - down house in the distance . the darkness change Max , too , harden he face again . he tuck the folder safely into he coat and zip it up tight . at the front of the car , the window begin to fill with light . the door open , a flashlight beam sweep inside ... pistol between he knee , Max pull the hammer back ... C 57 . a obese conductor ( 40s ) step inside . immediately , all of the other passenger begin to question he at once . conductor ( shouting over ) lady and gentleman , please remain calm . the storm 's cause a power failure , but it 's absolutely nothing to worry about . we will be up and run again before long . Movement outside catch Max 's eye . a figure in the shadow alongside the train . gravel crunch . voice whisper . conductor ( cont would ) we policy be to move everyone up to the front car until the light come on again . it will be a little warmer if we be all together ... m ax split he attention between the other passenger and the window , watch for more movement outside ... suddenly , the figure break in the opposite direction - no attempt at quiet , a pounding run away from the train . onfuse , Max straighten up . the temperature have change ... three more figure , run in the opposite direction . away from the train , up the snowy track it 's yet to cross . max ( recognize ) get out of the train . passengers fill the aisle . High school girl sneaking into the city ... a old man go to work ... drunk yuppy in red and green scarve , on they way back from a holiday party ... max ( shouting ) get out -- a explosion rip through the front of the car and swell , a ball of fire smash through the car and blow it apart ... ext . CITY STREET - night up and down the dark street , shadow ghoul break window and claw at abandon car , search for anything of value . F W m 58 . move comfortably through the shadow , mona follow the general movement towards a bassy quake farther up the block . a red neon `ragna rok ' bloddy the snow in the air , mark the entrance to the club responsible for the rumble ... I nt. ragna rok - night Inside , that music be earsplitting - a jet engine at 200 beat per minute . light strobe past red gel , freeze glimpsis of thin limb and black pupil on the dance floor . ona melt into a corner , inconspicuously watch the room . ind around the dance floor , clubgoer - some rag , some in nice clothes - queue at a metal door in the back wall . one after another , they wait for they moment to enter ... there 's a disturbance at the front door . Black -clad Guards force open a rift in the crowd on the dance floor ... Jack lupino walk inside the rift - he tattooe face red and black , eye calmly sweeping out across the riotous crowd ... rom the dancefloor lupino move through body roiling like a parte sea , sheer wall of twist flesh tower above he to the rafter . mix within , the wing pound and sweep , blotting the light . Hell . int . bb's house - bedroom - night bb crawl out from under the quilt , careful not to wake he wife . he pass window frost with ice , on he way to ... hallway bb shuffles down the hall , shiver in he boxer . he pause at the thermostat , frown to find the heat cut off . B B turn , startling as Max step out of the shadow - step stiff with pain , clothes drip icy water across the floor . bb ( terrify ) Max ? what be you do ? Max open he coat and pull out the file , now badly wrinkle and soggy . he open it and hand bb a newspaper clipping . m I B m 59 . ` 25 civilian kill in al - hasamah massacre ' bb that grunt who go crazy in Iraq ? ax go a little further , read what they do to the body . it 's the same as what happen to Alex and that girl . bb read on , frown . B where do you get this ? max Michelle . bb look up , startle , as Max page through Michelle 's note . max it 's all in she note : people describe fever , hallucination ... they lymph node swell until they neck bruise like something 's be choke they . ( point to the drawing ) the angel they all talk about ? Michelle talk about eye spasm that make thing seem to flutter . mix with the other delusion , that start look like wing ... ( beat ) she be not see they . she be try to figure out why other people be . B B think she be work on allergy medicine . ax somebody at aesir know what -- bb ( thunderstruck ) oh , my God . slowly , bb turn to show Max the grief in he eye . bb it 's I . I kill Alex . B y 60 . ( 2 ) max what be you talk about ? bb he come to I about six month ago , ask about one of the executive at aesir . at the time I have no reason to connect it to Michelle , I just think ... ( beat , tear up ) I try to warn he , this guy have connection to some scary people -- max who ? what 's he name ? bb hesitates , rattle by the rage in Max 's eye . bb Jason colvin . he use to be the head of the pharmaceutical division , but he 's move up over the last few year . ( beat ) I guess Michelle probably report directly to he ... Max barely nod , jaw clench as he scoops up the document . bb ou have get copy of this stuff , right ? think for a moment , Max set the folder down again and turn away towards the dark hallway . bb pick up the folder . bb e careful , Max . Max do not respond , storming off into the shadow . ext . railroad track - dawn the snow be not deep near the char and twisted metal of the train , melt by the fireball . Police tape ring the area . D etective wander between yellow tarp in the train , sip coffee . out on the track , bravura work alone . homicide cop look like ten body , give or take . even in New York , that ought to be enough to earn Payne the spike . y B 61 . bravura the blast point be outside the train . none of the detective want to encourage he by answer . bravura ase on the spread of the wreckage ... they move very fast , either . homicide cop he force they to stop , first . bravura nod at the explanation , but without conviction . he continue to scan the wreckage , still not satisfied ... bravura so he have the bomb with he inside , but he decide to walk outside to detonate it ? homicide cop be you ask if that seem like odd behavior from a guy who cut he partner 's head off ? the Young cop from the storage building slip down the snowy bank and towards bravura . his face be bruise and swollen . oung cop you want to see I ? homicide cop careful what you say to he , if you ever want to make detective ... young cop ( to bravura , guard ) I already fill out a report . bravura see the Young cop aware of the detective 's presence . bravura show I where it happen , then . E xt . storage facility - morning bravura and the Young cop stand on the spot where he fight Max the night before - disturb snow , the fray cord ... young cop he jump out and wrap that cord around I , and before I have a chance ... I a 62 . bravura nod at the bullshit , focus draw to Max 's locker . bravura ( point ) he be come out of here ? when the Young cop nod , bravura start to step inside . homicide cop hey , real cop be work here ... int . max's storage locker - morning a few CSI tech take photograph of Max 's storage locker . bravura walk through , eye quickly scan the distracting jumble of box . the homicide cop follow , exasperate . t the back , bravura stop and pick something up . it 's the lid of the box , `office ' write in Michelle 's pen . bravura look around . there 's no document box to match the lid . however , there be dust - free rectangle in the dirt . bravura ( to a CSI tech ) where 's the stuff you guy move ? CSI tech nothing 's be move . homicide cop what , you play detective now ? on a mission , bravura scan the rest of the room . he see another open box , a colorful stuff animal peek out . bravura open it , startle by the family portrait . B ravura ( study the photo ) this be he wife ? bravura finally look up to see the homicide cop smirk . bravura spend four hour up at homicide go through Alex 's desk and cataloge picture of this woman , and not one of you bastard bother to mention that she be Max Payne 's wife ? 63. homicide cop ( shrugging ) if Alex be get a little something on the side -- bravura who be you protect ? bravura charge closer , carry enough force that the much larger homicide cop step back . his cool facade crumble . homicide cop nobody , we just ... why would anybody talk to ia without a reason ? bravura ( livid ) you have get a reason , now . tell I everything you know about this woman , start with she name . ext . aesir build ( midtown ) - day the city be start to shut down under the relentless snow - the sidewalk be nearly empty , only cab on the icy street . the aesir corporate office gleam in the diffuse light , a pillar of glass and steel disappear up into the storm ... R Jason colvin step out of a cab and march up the step . eception area stepping off of the elevator , colvin pass a receptionist . colvin you should go on home , already . there 's nothing go on today ... receptionist well , there 's someone in you office ... colvin' office colvin step through the doorway and stop short . Max stand behind colvin 's desk , inspect the photograph hang on the wall . he 's clean himself up a little . max ( point to a photo ) this you daughter ? m ( N m 64 . colvin yes , it be . Three year old . for reason colvin can not fathom , Max 's mood seem to darken even farther . colvin see the badge clipped to he belt . colvin be there something I can help you with , detective ? ax you can tell I about Project valhalla . colvin ( nervous laugh ) I think you might have the wrong ... barely keep he poker face , colvin eye the phone . max eed to make a call ? colvin maybe I would better . Max motion for colvin to go ahead . while the executive 's shaking hand dial the number , Max close and lock the door . colvin yes , there 's a detective here ... to Max ) what do you say you name be ? m ax Max . abruptly , Max rip the phone cord out of the wall . ax ( low ) she be my wife . the word , Max 's flat delivery , catch colvin like ice water . still hold the dead receiver , colvin stagger back ... colvin ( stunne ) Excuse I ? max Michelle Payne be my wife . 65 . ( 2 ) what color there be to begin with drain out of colvin . colvin what -- max before you say anything else , I want you to know who I be . colvin please , wait ... Max throw he elbow up , crushing colvin 's nose . int . aesir build - lobby - day bravura enter the soar lobby of the aesir building , stomping he shoe clean . he approach the front desk . bravura ( flash he badge ) I need to talk to somebody about a woman who use to work here . colvin' office colvin 's eye flutter open . his nose be smashed flat . he 's be hold upright by he belt , which loop around he neck and the headrest of he ergonomic chair . his wrist be bound to the armrest with strip of he tie . Max sit on the edge of the desk , heavy lamp in he hand . colvin ( weakly , eyeing the lamp ) please do not hit I again . Max wrap the cord in he hand and jerk it free from the lamp , which he toss with a crash . the cord , he keep . m ax a week ago , I think the universe have turn against I . everything I love be go , and for some reason I would be leave here to suffer alone . Max strip back the insulation on the cord , expose two frizze bundle of wire : one brass , the other silver . positive and negative . colvin watch , apprehensive . T B 66 . max ut it be not the universe that take my family away from I . Max plug in the cord . max it be you . he crouch by colvin , wire in each hand , move they closer . max tell I about valhalla . colvin struggle to pull away from the approach wire ... colvin there be no -- Max brushes the bare wire against colvin 's throat . here 's a bright spark . colvin scream . max tell I . colvin there 's no Project valhalla anymore . I shut it down year ago . a timid knocking start on colvin 's door , voice call in . Max wait for more , eye freeze , wire hang ready . colvin ( reluctant ) it be a disaster . the drug be so addictive , the damage it do to the mind be so devastating that we lose we government funding . by the end , we could not even guarantee the safety of we scientist administer the experiment . test subject would follow they home and kill they for a extra dose . m ax be that what happen to Michelle ? colvin nobody know what happen to she . Max pick up a cup of coffee from the desk and pour it over colvin 's face as he struggle more frantically . C ( C 67 . ( 2 ) Max bring the wire closer to colvin 's wet skin . olvin terrify ) people think Michelle might be a whistle - blower . that she be not loyal enough to aesir , and she might go public about the program . Max 's eye thaw , hit by the first true word about she death . lobby bravura sit in the lobby , impatiently skim a magazine . on the far side of the enormous room , movement draw he eye : a line of black - clad security guard swiftly move in formation into a stairwell . swat precision , heavy hardware . bravura spring up , approach the Guards leave at the door . guard authorize personnel only . bravura pull out he badge , and plan to keep move ... but the guard do not immediately part . they look at each other , silently confer . bravura 's eye light up . bravura do not look at he . move aside . ( louder ) I be authorize . olvin' office Max let the wire fall away . solemnly , he draw he pistol . colvin why be you ask I about this ? max I already tell you . be quiet , now . Max chamber a round , leave he hand up to block the spray . colvin but why today ? it 's over , I get rid of everything before they move I out of the division -- F ( 68 . max then you have not be downtown lately , because you miss a spot . colvin look up , Max 's word suddenly scarier than the gun . colvin be you tell I that there be people out there take the drug again ? urgent ) how many of they ? Max shake he head . colvin 's eye show real terror . colvin I know it , I know something be go on . I tell she the number be too good -- the pounding outside the door be louder , more voice call . voice ( o.c. ) ( call through the door ) Mr. colvin , be you okay in there ? Security 's on its way ... Max turn to the door - trap , ready to fire on what come through . colvin look at Max , a sudden realization dawn . colvin they be not come for you . max what be you talk about ? colvin begin to struggle harder than ever , but he fear be not direct at the man with the gun stand over he . C olvin you only know my name because somebody high up decide to cut I loose . ( gesture ) there 's a safe in the wall . it 's open . earing a trap , Max push aside a painting and pull open the door . a small stack of dvd sit inside . colvin show that to whoever will watch . if this thing spread , nothing will keep the rest of you safe . ( 69 . ( 2 ) Max look at the middle manager , desire to pull the trigger slowly lose out to the credibility of colvin 's story . Max unfasten the belt , use it to hoist colvin to he foot . colvin ( terrify ) wait , I be not ready ... hallway office worker draw back and gasp as colvin 's bloody face appear . Max be close behind , hold the belt around colvin 's neck , press he pistol to the back of he head . max back up , all of you . make a path . there 's a disturbance at the back of the crowd - glimpsis of black uniform fight forward . the Guards . Max pivot , hold colvin towards the Guards as a shield . max call to the guard ) stay back , or I will -- crack ! colvin 's head snap back , blood spraying over Max . T he crowd go crazy , scream and trample each other ... more shot ring out , rip through colvin as Max let he lifeless body fall and hide he retreat in the scramble ... the Guards chase after Max , slowed by the panic crowd ... stairwell exhausted , bravura plod up step to a landing . suddenly , automatic weapon erupt nearby . he fumble for a cell phone . bravura this be Jim bravura , ia . you need to tell the unit respond to the aesir call to come equip for automatic -- ( frown ) the aesir building , nobody 's call anything in yet ? ( beat ) Hell yes , I would like to report something . we have get machine gun fire in Midtown . m 70 . bravura snap he phone shut , try to regulate he breath . drawing a tiny service revolver he creep to the door ... hallway Max stumble up the hall . he chance a look back at the black - clad guard crash through office worker ... a burst of machine gun fire pound the floor in front of Max 's foot . more Guards seal off the hall ahead . nowhere else to go , Max grip a cubicle wall and vault over ... m ax get a few careful shot off from he new elevation , drop Guards who have lose sight of he as he jump from desk to desk , work deeper into the maze of cubicle ... the fastest Guards race ahead to block off a burn ` exit ' sign . Max 's boot thunder across desk , papers fly ... the Guards ahead FIRE , but Max show now sign of slow . overhead light explode , smoke and spark raining down ... Max launch himself into the air , pistol cracking as he fall . bullet rip through the retreate Guards ... Max hit the ground hard , scramble through the exit ... another hall ... and around the corner . bravura ( shouting ) put you hand up ! Max slide to a stop , startle to see bravura aim at he . while he do not exactly comply , Max do lower the barrel . bravura ( more human ) you need to come in now , before anything else get pin on you . ax shake he head . heavy boot step rumble closer ... max she be try to stop it . bravura stop what ? tell I what 's happen -- ` S a . G 71 . bullet strafe the wall just above Max 's head . he dive to the ground , plaster dust and smoke plume above he . W hile Max scramble for cover , bravura charge forward , wave he badge in the air above he . bravura nypd ! hold you fire ! uard flow into the hall , a black mass bristle FIRE . it take a split second for bravura to realize they be not stop . he slip , tumble back as bullet rip past he ... bravura ( scream ) hold you fire ! finally , the machine gun go quiet . smolder gunpowder cloud the hallway . bravura and the Guards search ... .. but Max have disappear into the smoke . ext . STREET - night mona struggle up a narrow street , buffete by the wind . ahead , flash blue and red light electrify the snow . squad car idle towards she , searchlight flash into dark shadow . mona duck she head away as the spotlight find she at she building door . for a moment , she 's in a whiteout . lowly , the cop car move on . mona start to use she key ... but the lock have already be force open . int . mona' apartment - night mona step inside , ready for ambush . she turn the corner ... Max sit on she couch , scrape and scorched from he escape . m ax ( point to the tv ) you need to see this . on screen : over black , the aesir corporate logo flash up , quickly replace by a simple block - letter title card : project valhalla : promotional spot # 3 ' S S o a o 72 . announcer ( v.o. ) from the beginning of time , great general have all wrestle with one undeniable truth - morale win battle . ver a up - tempo rock soundtrack , a slick montage of war imagery : tank roaring over sand dune , missile rip through palace wall , american troops fire machine gun ... announcer ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) fear , fatigue , loss of focus ... the future of combat medicine lie in the mind of the soldier . a cut - edge lab , scientist work complex machinery . nnouncer ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) thanks to breakthroughs make by aesir pharmaceutical , the military of tomorrow will be able of unlock the limitless potential inside every soldier . n screen , the shot cut to the interview of a young soldier in uniform . he smile easily , confident , eye alert but maybe a little distant . something familiar about he ... h young soldier ( v.o. ) ow have my experience in combat change since be select for Project valhalla ? ( beat , smile ) I be never scared , for starter . uperimpose under he face : ` pvt . jack lupino .' tartled , mona move closer to the screen . mona that 's the guy . max what be you talk about ? mona he 's the one behind ragna rok . it 's he club where the drug 's be sell . lupino ( v.o. ) you face down a group of insurgent and instead of fear , you be fill with ... peace , I guess . ( more ) S m 73 . ( 2 ) lupino ( cont 'd ) like you be aware of the power you have in you own hand to make the world a better place . Max study lupino 's image - thin , no visible tattoo . all - american . there 's already something in he eye , though . as mona sit back down , Max brushes past she to get he coat . ona so what do we do now ? Max stand up from the couch and start away . confused , mona try to follow , but stumble when something pull she back : he look down to see she 's be handcuff to she chair . mona what be you do ? ( beat , louder ) uncuff I . ( beat , louder still ) hey ! on screen , lupino smile , bead of sweat form on he face . deliberately , Max stop the dvd and cut off the television . W mona hat be this ? you think just because he kill you partner , you can decide whether I -- when Max finally speak , the sound scrape out of he throat like he have not use he voice in year : max he kill my wife . mona struggle at the cuff , chain clanking but hold . mona I have be inside that club . you do not have a chance on you own . ( realize ) but you do not care . Max stoops down to pick up mona 's machine gun where it lean against the base of the couch . mona thrashes helplessly . mona you do not want my help , because you think if he put you out of you misery , you will get to see she again . E B I I E 74 . ( 3 ) without a look back , Max start out the door . mona I hope that 's really the way it work . the door pull shut behind he . xt . ragna rok - night the red neon sign be only a ember , mute under cake ice . n a chair block the front door , a guard watch the silent street , shiver uncontrollably . not . ragna rok - night Inside , the dance floor be empty . sitting at the top of the stair , another guard sleep , rifle propped beside he . ack room a room like the inside of a smoker 's lung - wall paint black , haze from candle and whatever else blur the air . Jack lupino sit on the floor surround by candle , watch the flame with manic focus . two guard stand above he . I nto a bent spoon , lupino tap greenish powder from a small glass vial . he use the candle to heat the spoon . check he watch , one of the guard produce a cell phone and dial . guard # 1 ( on phone ) all quiet , 4 a.m. lupino dip a needle into the spoon , draw the bubbling green liquid into the body of the syringe . xt . ragna rok - night the guard stomp he foot , try in vain to keep some blood flow . blow in he hand , he look both way down a street that be still just as empty as it have be for hour . guard ( chatter , to himself ) screw this ... frozen finger fumble with the key , the Guard open the door . move the chair just inside the doorway , the guard settles in the alcove ... L m L 75 . he pull the door shut . it will not . something 's block it . the guard stand up , open it wider to build some momentum ... Max stand on the top step . back room lupino shoot up , gritt tooth tug he belt tourniquet tight . eye clinch , bead of sweat already form . the muffle blast of a machine gun , out on the dance floor . the Guards surround lupino spring into action . guard # 1 W ait here , Mr. lupino . lupino let the belt slip free , a deep sigh rattling out . he open he eye , just in time for we to see the irise retract . candle shine in the black hole leave behind . upino I do not need protection . I have my own . the Guards at the door lock and load , move out ... ballroom Max walk into the ballroom , motionless Guard bleed out on the dance floor before he . gunsmoke hang in the air ... in that final stillness , Max check he clip . stone-face . thunder boot echo out from the belly of the building . Doors fly open - Guards racing out from the kitchen on the first floor , two more from the office crashing out upstairs . ax open up , flame of automatic fire lighting he way . back room lupino and the Guards listen to the shoot grow closer . suddenly , the metal door fly open , banging at the stop . with lightning reflex , the guard blast down the hallway . upino slowly stand , eye glow in the guard 's muzzle flash . forgotten now , he fade away into the smoke . the Guards crumble and fall until the room go silent . m ax melt out of the smoke , weapon raise . hunting . I C L U L 76 . the back room be deeper than the poor light give away . Max 's boot grind over burn - out candle , occult rune ... lupino launch out of the darkness at Max . before he see it come , lupino drive a hard punch into Max 's skull . Max stumble forward , ear ringing from the blow . lupino draw a gleam knife from he boot and spring on Max . upino swing the knife so quickly it become a blur , blade whistling as it cut through the smoke . he slashes the knife across Max 's thigh , drop he to the ground . nable to stand , Max thrust the rifle up for protection . the blade clanks against the barrel , carve deep trenches in the stock , finally gash the back of Max 's finger . blood rush from the cut , loosen Max 's grip on the weapon . teeth gnash like a animal , lupino reach out and try to pull the machine gun out of Max 's hand . upino bury the knife into Max 's shoulder . he cry out . lupino a you hear they , now ? lupino drive he knee into Max 's chest . Arm numb from the stab wound , Max 's grip on the gun be slowly overpower . helplessly watch it slip away , Max scream with rage ... E xt. ragna rok - night outside , no voice could carry on that raging wind . two figure walk up the street , close slowly on ragna rok . not . ragna rok - back room - night lupino lean over Max , one hand grind the knife deeper into he shoulder , the other wrenching the machine gun free . Max desperately try to dig he nail into the grip ... lupino we will see which one we they be fly for . we will see who they love best . sweat stream down lupino 's face , drip down onto Max . fingernail split , Max finally lose hold of the gun . the sudden shift in momentum pitch lupino back . for a instant , they be apart . S B y ( 77 . in that instant , Max pull the knife from he own shoulder and bury it to the hilt in lupino 's stomach . lupino drop the machine gun . Max clamp he hand over lupino 's throat , use he grip to force the knife deeper . while lupino gasp , eye wide , Max struggle to he foot . max who be you contact at aesir ? lupino look down at the knife in he stomach . fascinate . max louder ) who send you after Michelle ? L upino ( with difficulty ) you be so bless . Max look at lupino - up close , he undyed skin be ashen and pockmark , older than he age . blood drool from he lip . lupino 's eye swim around , lose in a fog of drug and pain . max ou do not know what I be talk about , do you ? lupino 's eye stop swim . for a moment , he see Max . lupino the angel be not do with you yet . lupino 's skull explode . Max spin towards the hall , but another shot rake across he shoulder and sling he to the ground . defenseless , Max can only lift he eye to see who 's come to finish it ... B step out of the smoke . as Max reel at the sight of bb , joe salle ( 5u' ) rumble in . alle stomp on Max 's wrist , in the same motion telescoping a metal baton and cracking it across he skull . with the grace of a old pro , salle snap on a pair of handcuffs . max ( in shock ) bb ? Max be haul to he foot - bleed , cuffed , and trap . B B G ( a m 78 . ( 2 ) and bb walk right on by . ax what 's go on here , bb ? as Max watch in disbelief , bb pace around the room take stock - note the dead Guards , crouching over lupino 's body . B B t ease , soldier . Max struggle to break free of salle 's grasp . max hey ! joe salle ( draw pistol , re. Max ) now ? bb not unless you feel like carry he out of here . Max know I , and I definitely do not know Mr. lupino . max shouting ) look at I , bb . at least face what you be do ... bb finally do look at Max . cold , dead eye . a stranger . bb row up . ext . ragna rok - night bb step through the door , over the guard 's upturn chair . the blizzard have win - street and sidewalk no longer scrape , car long abandon under they icy cocoon . the fifth large city in the world , reduce to a ghost town . B happy New Year . B stride out in front , take in the sight . it might as well be a desert , white sand sifting around they boot , building rise above like black canyon wall . Max shuffles along behind bb , head bent low in the wind . plume of he rag breath trail out behind he . 79 . bb ( cont would ) look at it from my perspective : this thing be go to be a true epidemic . one hundred percent dependence within a few dose , and we control the only source . this be so much bigger than lupino 's little bar . this be every street corner in the City in a month , nation wide in two . Max keep trudging , one foot in front of the other . bb look annoyed that he 's not get a reaction out of he . B B I hope you be not over there blame I . really , this be Michelle 's fault . Max 's eye start to burn . bb sneak a peek , encourage . bb she have no right to put I in that situation . ask I to pass up this kind of a opportunity to help she rat out my boss ... I be sorry , but that 's unreasonable . Max 's head snap up , eye simmer with rage . bb smile . bb but then again , who could blame she for get confuse , be marry to such a righteous man . so maybe it be you fault , after all . ( beat ) just like you old man . always know you be better than everyone else -- max no. just better than you . bb 's smile seem to double . he consider Max for a moment . bb for what it 's worth , he do not know Michelle be go to die . Max start walk again , do not raise he eye . the seed have be plant , though . bb play with the silence . bb he think they be go out there to scare she , destroy she research . m F T F 80 . flashback : max's kitchen - dusk look up from the mail , Max see the smashed kitchen door . R esume - ext . STREET - night Max keep walk , try to fight off the memory . bb stroll along beside he , take he time with the story . bb I would arrange with the other guy to finish the job . lashback : max's hallway - dusk Max race into the hallway bath in golden light . between Max and the end of the hall , two junkies be huddle against a door . twist the handle , smacking the wood . bb ( v.o. ) he lock they out of the bedroom , try cpr ... boy scout shit . he junky turn to Max , eye black and glassy . sick smile . resume - ext . STREET - night Max look nauseous . bb see it , thrilled . bb ( smile ) and as thanks , you nearly blow he head off while he crawle out the window . lashback : max's hallway - dusk Max throw he shoulder into the door , snapping the hinge ... bedroom - continuous a man slip out of the window , one leg still inside ... ax open FIRE at the retreate shape . resume - ext . STREET - night Max 's gait begin to falter , lose in the memory he 's play a thousand time , the image shifting to show something new ... B B watch eagerly , wait for what come next ... S m 81 . flashback : max's bedroom - dusk Max charge in , again fire on the man escape ... ... but this time , we watch the glass behind the billow curtain . the fabric ripple , revealing a reflection ... Alex . bb ( v.o. ) that 's funny , to I . a momentary flash of he profile , a mask of guilt and shame . resume - ext . STREET - night Max stop walk . all of he will go . bb step closer , drink in the pain in Max 's eye . bb you really do not know ? with a shrug , bb turn away from Max 's fury and move on ... intersection - continuous above they , traffic signal strain under thick icicle . intermittently , the light go dark , the power falter . ax ( soft ) you should have kill I then , when you have a chance . bb I learn something from you father , year ago . always give people a choice . tepping into the intersection , bb stop . abruptly , Joe salle close with Max , meaty hand clamping onto he arm . bb he give I the choice between early retirement or face the charge he be go to bring against I . he sit I down in that bar and explain that I could either give up the thing I love , or I could have it take away by force . that ( be my choice . beat ) ( more ) I 82 . bb ( cont 'd ) you could have put a gun in you mouth any time you want . or , you could have keep live in the hell I make for you . that 's you choice . bb smile . bb just out of curiosity , though : why do not I have a chance now ? Max 's eye be clear - almost peaceful for the first time . max because now I know it 's you . bb move closer , the arrogance in he smile deepen . bb well , you be -- suddenly , Max launch himself forward - a fullback 's explosion into the line that catch salle by surprise ... hand cuffed behind he back , Max drive he shoulder into bb 's jaw , split he lip . bb tumble back into the snow . Joe bring the club out again , bashing Max across the head , use it to choke Max until he struggle lose power . joe salle okay , enough . this be far enough . bb look around , wiping the blood from he lip . his eye fall on a mound of construction rubble in a vacant lot . B B hang on . joe salle bb ... bb stand and walk onto the lot , kick away snow until he exhume a cinder block in the rubble pile . bb pick it up . bb have get something better . carry the cinder block , bb start off down a different street . grudgingly , salle push Max along after he . visible a few block away , the black body of the river wait . I ( h L 83. ext . pier - night a ancient shipping pier jut out into the river , murky water high and roiling around its piling from the stormy weather . B B motion for Max and Joe salle to follow he out onto the pier , its plank bury under a thick sheet of ice . bb ( to salle , take Max ) grab I some of that rope . bb drop the cinder block at Max 's foot , cracking the ice . bb it 's not like we do not see it come . clamp onto Max 's arm , bb unlock he handcuffs . bb sullen , withdraw ... Max just never seem the same after the tragedy . ights run the length of the pier flicker , eventually die altogether . all down the shore , the power fail . bb it 's a good thing he father do not live to see it , though . Bill Payne 's only son , a strung - out suicide . idde in the now deeper darkness , bb pull something from he coat : two glass vial like lupino 's , fill with the same green powder . he tuck they into Max 's coat pocket . bb smile ) it would have eat he alive . max bravura 's not go to buy it . bb sure ? not even once the autopsy turn up trace in you blood ? Max look at bb , try to understand how that could be . bb dose you that night at Alex 's , just to make sure thing be fuzzy . compliment of the house . J 84 . see that bb have remove Max 's cuff , salle hurry over . the motion put both man off balance on the slick board ... bb oe , why do not you calm down ... salle grab Max 's arm . Max look down at salle 's foot , hard - sole shoe slip . salle anticipate he next think ... abruptly , Max jerk he arm away . not able to let go in time , salle 's foot fly out from under he . the big man crash down hard on he side . Max duck and stumble forward ... bb fire , miss . Max look back . beached on he side , Joe salle draw he pistol , the next shot come any moment ... Max slip . struggle to right himself , hand scraping over rough plank , another shot crack inch from Max 's leg ... with nowhere else to go , Max turn to the water . boot slip , he lunge for the edge , careen over ... river - continuous Max splashes down into the dark water , body twisted in a awkward position , wind blast from he lung by the impact . shot from the pier above CUT into the water around he ... Max dive under as much as he can stand it in the frigid water , swim farther from shore . Shots continue to splash around he , the current pull he into deeper water ... p ier bb and salle FIRE with less conviction . in the water , the disturbance make by Max grow smaller as he 's sweep away . bb lower he gun , motion for salle to do the same . bb it 's fine , as cold as that water be ... ( beat ) just in case , though . make sure . salle frown , shoot bb a look . joe salle how ? 85 . river Max lift he head . the wide expanse of the river stretch around he , surface break by swirl pock of fall snow . the current cary he farther from pier and building recede into snow , as black as the water they rise above . turn , Max see that the opposite shore be even farther . slowly , the exhilaration of escape begin to change . icy water bite he skin . muscle beginning to tremble ... limb heavy with saturate clothing , joint seize by cold , Max try to swim against the current with little success . Max sink lower , churn water lap he face . gasping breaths become sputter cough ... CUT to : int . hallway - twilight ( vision ) Max move down the hallway , the familiar golden light . boot a step quiet , past the bloody and motionless body . t the bedroom 's door , Max pause . unable to go through . Michelle 's body face away , bundle cradle in she arm . as Max stand watch , Michelle 's body stir ... ext . river - night Max break the surface : coughing , gasping , flail he arm . it 's hopeless ; he immediately begin to sink again . desperation , panic move he limb , but for nothing . Max Payne slip under without so much as a ripple . int . hallway - twilight ( vision ) tentatively , Max cross the threshold into the bedroom . Michelle 's eye open , aware that she 's be watch from the doorway . she look up at Max , a lazy smile form . the bundle of blanket stir . Michelle grin down at they infant daughter , offer she finger to the tiny pink hand . Max edge closer , overwhelm by the sight . Michelle pat the bed beside they , invite Max to sit . he do not move . m h ( C h C 86 . michelle be you home ? for a long moment , Max drink in the sight of he family ... ext . river - pre-dawn out in the middle of the river , the white curtain of blow snow part to reveal a dark shape , drift in the fog . like a island in the black water , a small boat bob in place ... T he captain step out onto deck , zipping he coat against the weather while talk into a two - way radio . faintly visible around he , larger ship be outline by twinkle light . aptain ( into radio ) you know how blind I be , I be not crash into the dock again . when the power -- a thud against the hull of the ship ; something in the water . captain ang on a second . the Captain lean over the gunwale . a body float below the surface , bumping as it bob in the wake . aptain to himself ) jumper . the Captain swing a gaff , splashing and glance the sharp hook across the body . he try again , a solid hit ... a hand break the surface , weakly grab the pole . captain oly shit ... ( to the engine room ) somebody get out here ! ext . dock - night the boat barrel out of the fog , move too fast towards the pier . the Captain and he first mate crouch over Max . first mate it 's too late . he 's freeze solid . ax lie on the deck , ice water stream from he clothes . he 's blue-gray , shiver violently , tiny puff of breath ... ( C F D C 87 . the boat try to ease into the dock , but be move too fast : it crash against the piling . the gather crowd shout . captain ( call to the pier ) somebody get some blanket . the Captain and mate lift Max 's rigid body up to the pier . people start to inspect he cut and batter body . captain all the cop , he 's bleed everywhere . catatonic to this point , Max suddenly try to shake he head . he attempt to sit up , but hand force he down . powerless , Max 's eye desperately look around , search ... captain of not move . we have get help come . Hand shaking violently , Max reach inside he coat and pull out the vial bb plant . tremble , he flip the cap away . irst mate what be that ? what 's he ... with everything he have , Max open he chatter jaw and dump the green-tinged powder into he mouth . aptain great , a junkie bleed on my boat . the dust on Max 's lip liquefy . his tremble grow worse . the crowd part , and a man rush up with blanket . he kneel down over Max , whose body keep shaking . m a touch Max , confuse ) he do not really feel that bad ... captain what do you mean , he 's a block of ice ... the captain touch Max 's skin , jerk away in shock . first mate maybe it 's a fever already . Max push they hand away , he strength suddenly regain . unsteadily , Max climb to he foot . the crowd pull away . B 88 . ( 2 ) captain let he go , then . Max wobble up the plank , the snow fall not quite as hard as it have be when he go into the water . Max 's gait grow more steady , each step forcefully forward ... one by one , the flake become burn ember drift from the sky . Max march ahead , bit of fire raining over he . int . police station - interrogation room - night a exhaust man in the uniform of a guard slump in a interrogation room . bravura pace the floor , grill he . bravura okay . again , from the beginning . before the Guard can answer , the door fly open . without a word , the ranking officer summon bravura into the hall ... hallway ... where a row of more guard be handcuff to a bench . U ranking officer nder what authority be you interrogate this man ? ravura a investigation into departmental corruption . they be material witness -- ranking officer just between you and I , I would not count on this man be any kind of witness at all . I serve with a few of they , and remember what kind of officer they be . from the bench , bravura see the smirk from the Guards . bravura what kind would that be ? ranking officer cop . Real cop . at the far end of the hall , a group of serious - look man in dark suit file out of the elevator . bravura crack a smile . ranking officer of offense . the suit get closer , revealing badge on they belt . FBI . bravura none take . ( to the lead agent ) agent taliente , I would like you to meet a real cop . the ranking Officer and the agent shake hand . icy . stand in the doorway of a office down the hall , a detective shrink back to he desk and pick up the phone . detective ( on phone ) let I talk to bb . ext . asgard build - night with dead streetlight , the hulk black shape of the asgard building loom like a mountain at the end of the block . ax move up the street , steam rise from he clothes as they dry from the heat of he skin . sweat bead on he face . Max enter asgard 's courtyard , the gothic facade rise high above . he pass through its security light , shadow casting down onto the clean white snow like a projection screen ... invisible to the naked eye , more shadow of winge shape dart and swoop in the air above Max 's outline on the snow . int . asgard build - bb's office - night bb pound the receiver down onto the phone , cracking the base . Joe salle watch he angrily pull on he coat . joe salle what 's go on downtown ? bb bravura call in the fed . bb storm for the door , surprised to turn back and see that salle have not follow he . the big man scowl , nervous . bb or God 's sake , come on . Max be dead , they have get nothing else . entry hall bb and salle storm down the step into the main entry hall . B get up to the armory , hide the -- salle grab bb by the arm . on the floor between they and the front door , two guard sprawl face - down in enormous pool of they own blood . joe salle he 's not dead . he 's here . bb bullshit . there 's no way -- at that moment , they both see movement in the shadow ... Max step forward into the light - soak in blood up to he elbow , eye black and animalistic . no longer himself . oe salle reach for he pistol . with freakish reflex , Max raise one of the guard 's machine gun and open FIRE . bb and salle fall back , diving into a ancient elevator car . slug ricochete , bb and salle struggle to shut the door . from Max 's Pov : as the elevator door slam shut , a glimpse of bb 's face stretch and distorting into a demonic grin ... elevator bb and salle watch the floor number rise . bb find he cell . joe salle who be you call ? bb her . by salle 's face , that 's a think scarier than Max . int . aesir build - penthouse office - night the giant glass - wall penthouse office of the aesir building sit above the storm cloud . up here , dawn be close . Nicole horne watch the storm below she foot . she answer . nicole horne ( even ) this be not a number you use . intercut - horne's office / elevator bb need you to send a helicopter to my building . nthe storm 's break ... nicole horne here be a shoot - out in my building yesterday , twenty floor from where I be sit . a secretary be kill . bb I understand a executive name Jason colvin be also among the dead . senseless tragedy , all . Nicole sigh , eye still fix on the window . bb everything 's fine , we be just -- nicole horne this be more than you be ready for . bb what be that suppose to mean ? nicole horne perhaps we partnership have run its course . bb think pretty hard about that . I be about to be surround by Federal agent -- nicole horne ( shadenfreude ) good heaven , bb . best of luck . bb who need luck ? they be go to love the storey I can tell . nicole horne careful . bb ( lose it ) send the helicopter , then . after a moment , horne let she eye drift shut . she smile . nicole horne it 's on its away . int . asgard build - hallway - continuous the elevator open and bb step out , snap he phone shut . bb take everybody and get downstairs . I want no less than he head . hallway Max turn the corner into a long hallway of prison - like office . emergency light flicker through bar window ... a group of guard look up and see Max at the same moment . Max be without hesitation , shoot two before they can raise they weapon . falling back , the other start firing ... S uddenly , a office down the hall burst to life - a roar of flap wing , light from the window strobing with movement . Max do not seek cover , walk into blazing machine gun ... one by one , all the office flicker with flutter wing . Max march on , rage - fill eye set in a lifeless face ... armory Guards empty the weapon locker , load for bear as the sound of gunfire grow closer . bb and salle supervise . bb take some c4 , wire it so he can not make it to the roof . I will wait on the chopper . salle 's mistrust of bb be paint all over he face . bb ( smile ) you know I will not leave without you . corridor Max fire , plaster from shattered wall cake on he sweat - soak skin . Guards take cover , fall back for position ... with every shot fire , the muzzle flash glow in Max 's empty black eye , the flame glow brighter as he advance ... great hall ... into the vast , open space at the heart of the building . guard appear at the other end of the hallway , open up . they shot echo , the great room ringing like a cave . Max lift he eye - what have be four storey now seem like forty , the top not visible behind hazy black smoke . bullet whistle past Max 's ear . distract , he return FIRE , but he eye be draw back to the black smoke above . something move in the cloud , swirl closer ... stairwell more Guards thunder up step litter with spend casing . in they haste , they do not notice the thin gap in one window ... lender finger slip in with the swirl snow , open it ... great hall ( max be Pov ) crash back into Max 's perspective , a rushing wind press down from the black cloud above , the darkness spread . Max 's leg buckle , he machine gun scatter shot ... the room go darker as it get louder , light blott out by winged creature drift down from above , circle closer ... Max stumble , buffete by they pounding wing . choking on sulfurous smoke , hair smolder , skin start to singe ... another hallway a small group of Guards race forward , dodging the body of other Max meet along the way . they hesitate , form rank ... great hall - continuous ... and the frighten Guards charge into the great room . it be silent . smokeless . just a hall . blood streak the wall , flow between the crumpled carcass of more dead guard . at the far end of the hall , something move : Max . on he hand and knee , river of sweat flow . confused , the group of Guards approach Max . weapon ready . max's hallucination crushed inside the deafening blackness , Max lift he eye to see leering demon gaze down , distort version of ... great hall - continuous ... the four Guards , who look down on Max 's tremble , sweat - logge body on the floor . he 's muttering , chanting ... so easy it almost do not seem fair , a Guard aim he pistol . suddenly , bullet rip through the Guards from behind . no chance to respond , body tear open with a merciless blast of machine gun fire . they fall around Max , join the rest . gun smoking , mona rush up the hallway to Max . max's hallucination the demon fade away , they howling scream linger behind . await the next horror , Max be shocked by something else : White light split open the smoke , cut the black in two . great hall mona kneel down over Max , lift up he head . Max 's skin be pale , slick like melting wax . his eye be empty . there 's nothing gentle in she touch - she slam Max 's head back onto the cold marble , jerk he up again by he hair . mona Max ! gradually , Max 's black eye start to find mona 's face . m ax's hallucination the white light grow brighter , blast away shadow and smoke . in its center , trace of mona 's face appear . great hall Max start to sit up , gaze with confusion at the hallway . mona you do not have much time . Max nod . no idea if he understand , mona help he up . mona I will do what I can to slow they down , but you have to hurry . Max look back at mona , clearly have some idea of what that mean for she . they look at each other for a long moment . mona you be not do yet . ext . asgard build - roof - dawn sickly light glow in the east . the snow have all but stop . bb stride across the roof , hope in he eye . bb ( on phone ) the weather 's break , you pilot be go to have no problem landing . int . aesir skyscraper - penthouse office - dawn Nicole horne sit at she desk , watch the storm recede . a red light flash on she phone . she ignore it . int . asgard build - hallway - dawn Joe salle kneel over a pile of c4 brick , wiring a bomb . he tense , hearing something in the hall behind he . raising he hand and turn slowly , he find mona wait . mona where 's the detonator ? slowly , salle hold it out for mona . she grab the remote . joe salle there 's more like this all over . even if the building do not collapse , this floor be go . ( beat ) careful with that thing , be what I be say . I be sure you and I can work something out . suddenly , boot step ring up the hallway behind mona . uard Drop you weapon ! salle smile . bb's office Max stagger through the door to bb 's office . out the big window , the East River begin to glow with approach dawn . ax scan the room for bb , he vision still plague by flicker shadow , hallucination recede but not yet go . he pause at the glass , catch by he twisted reflection . ax can see he own wing . hallway salle hold out he hand for the detonator . behind mona , elevator door open to reveal more Guards . they file out ... joe salle ( to the Guards ) hurry , Max 's already upstairs . ( to mona , frustrated ) just hand it over . mona watch the guard file towards the stair . behind she , the elevator car wait , empty , the door start to close ... joe salle B 's do for , but this thing do not have to stop . I be he number two , and somebody have to take over for lupino . like I say , we can work something out . ever so casually , mona take a step back onto the elevator . the door hiss along they track , converge ... joe salle frown , confuse ) give I one reason we can not do business . mona press the button on the detonator . bb's office - continuous T he window Max stand in front of shatter in the explosion , he demonic image burst into a thousand shard of glass ... ext . asgard build - dawn - continuous from the ground , the explosion rain glass down over the fed and wait swat team . shield he eye , bravura squint up at the flame in the window . taliente pat he shoulder . 97 . bravura try to take Payne alive , if there 's anything leave . taliente nod . on he signal , the swat team mobilize . int . asgard build - bb's office - dawn wind gust through the shattered window of bb 's office . Max brushes away diamond of break glass , struggle to stand . hin rim of color have return to he eye . human again . Max draw he pistol and stride through the roof door ... ext . asgard build - rooftop - dawn - continuous a shower of bullet strike the door as he step outside . Max can not react . bullet shred the door behind he , one slug hit Max in the stomach and knock he to the ground . cross the roof , bb keep firing until he pistol click . bb return he attention to the sky , hopelessly wait . bb it 's unbelievable . all that snow , and ... watch it end up be a beautiful day . ritting he tooth , Max struggle to he knee . blood rush between he finger , stream out of the hole in he side . earing Max 's effort , bb turn away from the empty sky . use the pistol as a crutch , Max finally stand ... bb you want my confession , first ? you come all this way for it ... bb toss he useless weapon aside . bb ( mock penitent ) forgive I , Max , for I have sin . I should have bet more on you , and less on that helicopter . Max limp closer , pistol swinging at he side . a thin trail of blood follow behind he in the snow ... bb watch Max 's approach , he swagger rapidly fail . bb just get to it , already . that 's all I ask . you have earn it , so just ... with the pain in he stomach cause some difficulty , Max pull the pistol 's slide back to check for a live round . bb watch Max 's preparation , terror grow . unable to resist he panic , bb abruptly try on a helpless smile . bb but I want you to listen to I , first . just try to hear what -- Max raise the pistol and pull the trigger . the slug hit bb in the center of the forehead , snap he neck back . the shell case twirl down , landing in the snow without a sound . bb 's corpse land a moment later with a clumsy thud . Max let the gun slip out of he hand and walk past the body - bb 's eye freeze on the sky , red halo slowly expand . Max reach the edge , the river 's black body reveal below . his gait falter , blood fill each footprint in the snow ... int . asgard build - bb's office - dawn the swat team stream through the door , racing for the roof . ext . asgard build - rooftop - dawn Max stand at the roof 's edge . a stiff wind buffet against he chest , force he unsteady leg to sway a little . slowly , he eye drift from the water below to the sky ... CUT to : int . max's bedroom ( vision ) - twilight from the doorway , Max watch Michelle smile down at they baby , who grab at she finger with a wide grin . max's voice I do not believe in heaven . gently , Max take a seat on the edge of the bed beside they . 99 . ext . asgard build - rooftop - dawn Max look up at the sky . behind he , the swat team race outside , swarm and barking order at Max , weapon raise . Max drop to he knee . he raise he hand , one drip with he own blood . but he eye stay on the sky ... max's voice but I have this idea about it . ... where a tiny tear open in the cloud , revealing steel grey dawn beyond . fade out . the end