for educational purpose only 1 . 2 . Mc care + mrs . miller othe presbyterian church wager " the town of presbyterien Church be bear in the early 1890' . it be never conceive , it just hsppene ... John pudgy 's mccabe come to presbyterian Church in 1595 , he die there in 1897 and the town die three year later ... fade in : establishing shot presbyterian church 1970 day begin title the site of what be once presbyterian Church . angle favor ' the blacken ruin of the edifice from which the primitive zinc mining mountain town take its name ; a small , at its best crude church , which st some previous point in history be burn to the ground . we see the char remain . a entire wall be miraculously intact . camera rise to peek over the top of the well and see 's green mountain vista as far as the eye cen see . camera begins to pan around . it 1s raining and there be a eura of bitter cold . camera continue it 's pan . below the church , other building , crumble and sagging sre suggest , but not identify . there be no SOUND . presbyterian Church have die and time hes all but bury it . camera return to original position the town be alive - or rather struggle to survive . the church be as it be at a time when it be under construction . a tiny , rude community sprawl slong a muddy street below the church . it be the town of presby - terlan Church , 1895 , we see the kneel figure of a man dress against the foul , bitter cold sleet . the weather have survive the seventy - five yeer transition . the man wear 9 carpenter 's apron over he hard clothing . he be mister elliott , self ~ proclaim minister of presbyterian Church end , in fact , the builder of the church from which the town take it : name . it be still pain when Elliott , shiver in the cold , complete he silent preyer , rise and walk ( continued ) 2. 2 ( cont . ) 3 . 4 . 5 . 6. to a ladder and continue to work on the church . camera move up holding the church steeple and belltower in f.g. another angle presbyterian church for a closer look . Calling presbyterian Church a community be give it all the best of it . there be a few ramshackle wooden structure on stilt , but the town consist mostly of tent and have be hurriedly throm up along ea main street which be little more than a muddy bog . there be some mine entrance front the main street , but they no longer produce ore and have be convert into primitive dwelling of a sort . a crude aign over the entrance to one of this abandon mine read : sheehan' SALOON and HOTEL . no unescorted whore allowed . 's another angle '' seeehan be " as PAT sheehan himself move out of the former mine shaft and throw a bucket of god-know - what out onto the muddy street , nearly drench a couple of chinamen who be pick they way from dry spot to dry spot . the chiname register they complaint , but sheehan pay no attention -- as though dump garbage on chiname be a way of life . sheehan be filthy and unshaven -- a dirty black irishman with a dirty black temper to match , he turn ' and re-enter he saloon , " sheehan 's , " in fact , actually sum up the amount of growth presbyterian Church have so far experience . it begin within the mine shaft , the next addition have be a wooden room nuse as a bar room , additional Space for live quarter have now be provide by a tent off to one side , another angle favoring the chinese as they move along the street toward the edge of town and the mine in the b.g . in the b.g. the church dominate the landscape , its steeple rise perhaps sixty foot in the air , the sound of Elliott 's carpenter can be hear . ext . mountain trail : day this be the trail lead to presbyterian Church . we be in hard - rock mining country . 4 man on horseback , lead = pack horse , move slowly up the trail and stop to gaze at the church steeple . — . 7 . 9 . 10 . 21 . 3. another angle the man he be JOHN quincy mccabe . his {s not the face of a miner , nor any man use to this wilderness , he wear a long , heavy , all - purpose coat against the weather . a blanket protect he head against the sleet . his face have not be brown and leather by the element , and he seem oddly out of place in this rough mining country . what mccabe sees presbyterian Church . back to mccabe . as he survey the town , he expression hide and , at the same time , reflect he thought about it . if he have any . he sigh in a kind of resignation , he breath show in the cold as he dismeunt . another angle mccabe the rump of the pack animal be in the f.g. as mccabe move in and begin to search for some article in he pack , the horse choose this moment to relieve he bowel , perhaps as a opinion of the muddy trail , the rank weather and the ; filthy , town . mccabe remove he coat and take off the blanket from around he head . we see that beneath they he wear a frock ’coat , ruffle shirt and a fancy embroider ' vest with a gold watch chain strung from pocket to pocket . a impressive hand gun , a navy colt with a enormous barrei , be holster at he side , he have remove he " case " set of soliaer and cuff and begin put they on . it be far too sell for this outfit , but 1 % be apparent mccabe want this facade . he take he derby from he pack , shudder and pat himself against the bitter sell , he breath issue virtual billow of steam . he mount , put on the desby as a rakish angle , and urge he horse to move out , secure he coilar and he cuff as he move up the trail toward presbyterian Church . another angle a continuation . mccabe ride past the church as flliott atep out , engage in some task . he tip he hat , but fllictt ignore + he continue down into town . except for the inhospitable Elliott , the town seem desert . though mccabe be miserable and cold , he show a almost jaunty facade ~- the imperturbable gambler , in spade . 's 13 . 15 . 16 . ke another angle as mccabe ride onto the muddy main street . as he pass '' sheehan 's , '' the proprietor step out onto the porch . ig - nore he , mccabe ride past the saloon . sheehan : ai not nothing up there but hard - rock miner . this here 's the only saloon . - mccabe continue on . sheehan call after he . sheehan : Trail do not lead nowhere but right back down here . mccabe ride on . another angle mccabe as he continue along the all - but-impassable street . a cornish water wheel appear in the f.g. , its suspend sluice lead to a small stream nearby . the wheel be still , wide angle as mccabe continue around the rough circular trail which , in this angle , we can see do indeed lead back to the main street . gaping hole in the side of the mountain face out along the trail . this be the entrance to the mine now be work . as mccabe parade past , miner cvegin to appear from within the mine and watch he . some be chinese , most be occidental , but it be hard to tell one from the other since they be cover with pale gray zinc dust . intercut . int . mine tunnel by the light of several lantern inside , mccabe see the brawny back of a miner , the zinc dust cake with sweat on he shirt , as he swing a twelve - pound sledge . another miner hold a steel bit against the rough face of the tunnel . the tlow of the sledge go slightly off , and the bit be flung to one side . : very close shot hand . blood be on the thick , dusty hand of the miner , 8 aig omi nee eee musea ana excited by mccabe 's promenade , many carry they mining inplemen :s along with they , but none have gun , ( continued ) ns 17 . 18 . 19 . 20 . 21 . 5 . ext . crudely letter sign several close shot naile outside the entrance of the tunnet . moving past , from mccabe' p.0.v . they tone be humorous , even if some - time gloomy . 5.g. : '' always tomorrow " -- " fool's gold " -- " starvation hole . " there be also a sign in chinese which signifies : " eternal prosperity . " prom outside , mccabe' p.0.v. into the tunnel mo . close two shot chinese miner one in padded garment and wear a pigtail , the other wear the rough clothes of a american miner of the time . they be labor rather far back in they tunnel . one man be chopping with a pick , the other shovel gray ore into a wicker basket . both be soak with sweat . bxt . mining trail mccabe' p.o.v . heavy log be be drag up the trail toward the tunnel . camera pan to the mule pull the load , pan farther to the man lead they , climb the rough trail . pan off once more to the steep , almost precipitate slope along one side of the trail . : int . mine tunnel mccabe can be see in the outside bog . a chinese miner in leather and wire herness , drag a sledge on wooden runner and load lump of ore move away from camera toward the entrance . ext , mine and trail we'see another chinese pull a identical device as in the previous shot . he stop beside a mile - power grind wheel and - _pour the content of the primitive sledge onto the . grinder . he , too , stop to take a long look at mccabe , wider angie as mccabe pass the mine and follow the trail back toward town . a number of miner have give up work and have form @ group near the trail . mccabe be the subject of the ad lib we hear as , overcome by curiosity , they follow after he as one . they be filthy to aman . mud-caked boot , swaat - stain hard clothing , we can almost smell the rag-tag bearded and unkempt group . they be amaze and excited by mccabe 's promenade , many carry they mining inplemen <s along with they , but none have gun . ( continued ) 6 . 22 ( cont . ) . miner : 1 . [ if he 's a drummer , I will buy . whatever he 's sell . 2 . ai not but one thing he could be - and that 's a dealer . 3 . that 's a fact . 4 . hot damm , a real dealer . S. what for ? 6 . sheehan must have send for he . 7 . that 's a fact , 8 . you go to try he ? 9 . well , I be not go down there to hump he . ao 23 . another angle prom '' sheehan ' S " John quincy mccabe , the pie piper , ride back around onto the town 's muddy street , the crowd of miner grow behind he . spot a opportunity for a little afternoon business , sheehan move into the saloon . mccabe rein in . and tie he horse to a crooked log hitching post . a slight smile play on he lip -- he have lead the group of miner back to " sheehan 's . " : end title int . sheehan' SALOON 's ; ge tt it be crude and filthy . bvery piece of furniture be originally intend to be something else . sheehan can be . _ aeen set bottle and dirty glass on @ bar make of rough plank stretch across three big barrel . there be a couple of homemade table and primitive bench . mccabe enter and move to the large table and rub he hand over its surface , it 's very rough . . ened sheehan : -o I get a chair back here if you want one . Le 7 2h . ( cont . ) 25 . 26 , 27 . mecabe answer with a warm and friendly smile in sheehan 's direction and then move back toward the door just as the group of miner be enter . they make room for mccabe to pass , surprised to see he leave . they look to sheehan for a explanation . . angle shezhan , as he move from behind the bar , call after mccabe . sheehan : you be not leave , be ya ? I be just go to set up a bottle on the house , sheehan move to the doorway . all eye be look toward mccabe , o.s. miner ad lib , disappointed , accuse . miner : 1 . what the hell do you do to run he off , Pat ? 2 . dammit , I want to play the dealer . 3 . who do not ? rt where 's he go ? he be not go nowhere ! goddammit , he 's just fetching something . ext . SALOON mccabe realizing that he 's center atage , he play it to the hilt . he remove a blanket from he pack horse with great ceremony . angle group favor sheehan be can not hide the fact that he , too , be relieved mccabe ie not leave . he move back to the bar , a few of the miner follewing . but most remain at the door , reluctant to take they eye off mccabe . tht . salook the miner be bunched up at the door . ( continued ) 28 ( cont . } miner : 1 . do you get a look at that vest ? must have cost thirty dollar . 2 . that 's a fact . 3 . give we a bottle , Pat -- I be not play no professional sober . 4 . how long you figure he will stay ? 5 . til we be break . , 6 . Jesus , ' aid you see that gun ? 7 - look like a goddamn hog -leg . 8 . trigger 's be file off . 9 . he 's come back . 29 . int . SALOON another angle 30 , 31 . as the man race toward the table mccabe test . they push and shove one another for the privilege of be seat . camera pull back to see four lucky miner seat in the fog . at the large table as mccabe enter and stop at the threshold . : angle on mccabe his reaction to the " sucker '' fight one another for the chance to be fleece . camera truck with he as he cross to the large table , regards he " pigeon , " and note there ts no longer a place for he to sit . mccabe : ( to sheehan ) T will take that chair now . smiling . the miner react -- no one speak to sheehan in this manner , . angle on sheehan prozen . one might think from he expression that mccabe be about to draw on he , he do not speak . 33 . 9 . angle mccabe I : 3 ( coolly ) the chair ... sheehan : oh. he go to the back room and return quickly with a chair . mccabe use the time to sceremoniously spread the blanket over the rough surface of the table . the miner relax and help he smooth it out . sheehan set the chair down . trapped by mccabe 's matter - of - fact attitude , sheehan help he into the chair as though he be mccabe 's servant . mccabe beam he thanks , sit quickly , take out a unopen deck of card , show the seal around before earefully break it , and expertly spread the card on the blanke . the entire group have now gather around the table in anticipation . mccabe fold he arm in front of he and wait . no one speak . he grace each of the four seat miner with a smile . p.0.v. mccabe the four miner camera pan they be all bad breath and elbow . dusty , dirty , unshaven , unkempt , decaye tooth , facial hair which even money say house lice . caleb ledbetter , foster patch , brian kelly and moultry jacob , each man return mccabe 's look with what pass for a smile in presbyterian Church . back to scene mm mccabe lock up at sheehan who hover nearby . 7 - ae mccabe : where 's the bottle of whiskey ? ls. oc . 0 . ) sherman : who 's go to pay ? miner laugh , - mccabe : Minute ago yow say the house be , '' sheehan sputter . a ledbetter : that 's what he say . ( continued } 34 ( cont . ) 10 . patch : what he do be something else again . kelly : Pat sheehan would not buy a drink if Christ walk in here on a crutch . , sheehan ignore the miner and look at mccabe , " sheehan : you and I be not make no deal yet . my name 's Pat sheehan . I own this saloon , . mccabe : how much a bottle ? sheehan : bottle 's ... three dollar . jacob : be not yesterday , : relly : yesterday it be two dollar . mccare : what say we split --? you pay a dollar-fifty , I pay a dollar-firty . down the middle , sheehan : do I split you winning ? mccabe : if you split my loss . sheehan : imm furnish the place . . mccabe : and I be furnish the customer . sheeean : well nobcdy 's buy nothing yet , mccabe look around and smile . the miner be impressed at the wey he 's handle sheehan . mccabe : . tell you what . give this boy a two - dollar bottle on I . ( continued ) 21 . 34 ( cont . 1 ) he reach into he pocket , careful to pull out only two dollar , he hand the money to sheehan , . . mccabe : T will stand my own loss ... you make - you profit on the whiskey . sheehan weigh the proposition < 3 ultimately move to the bar to get the whiskey . mccabe pick up the card and atart to shuffle , he set the deck in front of ledbetter on nis right . . mccabe : you boy do not know nothing about I and I do not know nothing about you , so what do you say we make this a nickel game . I can not afford to lose much right off to begin with . e- by the way , what happen ¢o the unescort " lady " that be not allow in here ? . : kblly : every time we get a decent whore , ' sheehan fall ) in leve and will not let nobody else near to she ! : sheehan return and set down a bottle and aome glass , 4s he pour a round : mccabe : let 's make it a five card stud with a@ three bet roof on the card , if you do not have no objection , ledbetter cut the card and mccabe scoops they up . 7 - se 's ledbetter : 7 + sure thing . the other all nod they agreement . mccabe : I get some change here . maybe sheehan 's get some more . they all start to make change . they be cautious for the most part , but the excitement level among they be very high . mccabe begin to deal , every man watch he hand as he quickly flip the card around . each regards he hole card as though he life depend on it . mccabe : nickel up . . ( continued ) 3 h ( cont .2 ) , 4 356 36 . the player ante . high angle the deal one up , one down . the high card show belong to Kelly . it ia the Jack of spade , mccabe call , — mccabe : Jack off , they have hear it a million time , but it relieve the tension and they all laugh . another angle the scene note : the game econtinue through the follow dialogue . all hand be play with extreme caution by the miner and when one of they wina it be like a major victory . mccabe win very few hand . sheeeran : what 's you name , dealer ? mccabe : John mccabe . sheehan : ( creep respect ) you be not " pudgy " mccabe , mccabe : . use to be call that . sheehan : the gunfighter ? mccabe look at he hole card without answer . all the miner look toward he , sheehan : ( continue ) you the one that kill Bill roundtree ? mccabe : . the very same , - , | + sheehan : man 's get a big rep , boy . get a big rep I tell you . mccabe : Jack bet , Kelly study the various hand before make he bet with all the care of a no-limit game . ( continued ) 13. 36 ( cont . ) : 4 . kelly : nickel . ~ 4ll call , sheehan : you do not look so pudgy to I . , mecabe : live in this country 's enough to thin out any man . ~- pair of four bet . ledeetter : five cent ... sheeean : you come up from bearpaw ? mccabe : only way to get here 's through bearpaw , -- beat I . mccabe fdlde . - sheeran : how long be you there ? . mecabe : not long . : sheehan : how cane you leave ? kill a man do you ? . mccabe : . ionever kill co man . sheehan : what about Bill roundtree ? ledbetter have win two hand in a row and have have four or five drink , he kill the bottle , pour another and expansively order another bottle . sheehan move to get it . mccabe : this town get @ name ? jacob : presbyterian Church . : ledbetter : name after that church mister Elliott 's building . { continued ) ( cont. 1 ) % ( 6 '' mecabe..nodgs . , - kelly : , he 's do it all by himself , patch : . son-of -a-bitch never say a word to nobody . . jacob : damn fool pray all the time . kelly : play card , I bet a nickel . sheehan return with the bottle . seeehan : : ( again probing ) how come a big gunfighter like you would leave bearpaw to come up here if you @id not kill nobody ? . mccabe : . idantt like company town -- , sheehar : how long you figure to stop here ? jacob : listen , Pat , we be try to play poker , kelly : he 's go to stay ' till we quit he . patch : and I be not about to quit long as he 's lose like this . ledbetter he 's just suck we in . patch : well , I be go for it -= it 's the only game in tow . you go to call , .or what ? mccabe : . ai not no other dealer sere , be they ? ( continued ) 36 ( cont . 2 ) 1s . . sheehan : no . why ? _ mocabe : : I do not like competition . sheehan : then you figure on stay ? mccabe : '' well , this boy get I stick pretty good here . I would hate to move on loser . : selly : well , how about we ? -- we get we - selve a church , a saloon and a dealer , hot damn ! iedeetier : all 's we need now 's a whorehouse , ( to mccabe} : you can ’flop bere for a dollar a day . : mccabe : - a dollar ?7 !: sheehan : that 's my price the every man , eee mccabe :. many chiname up here ? se. ( quickly ) chiname 's two dollar . mccabe : how many live up here ? sheehan : just turn over a rock . . - mecare : : who sell they they ' mud ?! you ? seeeean : ' mot I <~ I sell whiskey . we do not folerate no opium smoker around ere . . ( continued ) 36 ( cont . 3 ) 37 . . sheehan 16 . macabe :: they cause any trouble ? sheehan :. the chink ? they know better . mccabe -. then , 2 guarantee they be get opium somewhere ... listen ... I be lose my ass in this game . what do you say we make it a quarter ? ledbetter why not ? patch : I come out West to gamble . kelly : ( to sheehan o.s . ) hot damn ! get we another bottle , Patrick , mocabe : I will buy 1t 4 for we can cut a dime from every pot ' till it 's pay for , : patce : you mama do not raise no fool , do she ? : ledbetter : sheehan , you be not sell three bottle all month -- , this dealer 's go to put you over , kelly : , bring it on , Patrick - <. mcceba , . be it ? bear in the old country be you ? go for another bottle . . sheehan : we never settle on where you be Bing to stay . another angle mccabe ~ mark : Inside , . get of he foot and walk over to a close door HOTEL . " camera pan with he . he open the door , by the dim light come through the thinly - cover ( continued ) 37 ( cont . ) 38 . 17 . window , we can see a number of men sleep on the floor . they mutter , belch , and snore - in they uneasy and unéomfort - able sleep . on a post , under a unlit lantern , there be two article , each hang on a separate atring : a toothbrush , and a comb . there 's a empty space on the floor near a break window , : another angle €ccabe 's reflected in a piece of crack and soile mirrar nail to the window frame of the room . he look down at the sleep man . mccabe make a face as he smell the room . he close tbe door and return to the game . he toss off a driak . sheehan : they boy get to go to work soon -- itll hold a bunk for you . mocabe : - a@ ~ guess I will just have to build my own place , sheeran : : you mean a shack ? listen , it do not smell half bad when it get good and cold , : . : mccabe : T mean a place of business . a saloon , @ place to deal , sheehan : ( leugh ) you will go break before you can get open . mccabe : : I 'ma gambler , sheehan . just go to make a little bet on myself , sheehan : this town aintt big enough to support one saloon , let alone two , meccabe : maybe net now , but with a whorehouse you will be surprised how fast it will grow , relly : hot damn , a whorehouse ! now I know you be bear in the old country . ( cont inued ) 36 ( cont . ) oo 39 . 40 e yi. all the miner cheer the news of the whorehouse and ad lib they support . to : another angle the game as a miner win a pot and rake in the money , mccabe hold ap a finger and then reach out and place it on a dime , draw it aside . he smile as we : CUT to : ext . tow of bearpaw establishing shot night a brawling , lawless , lively place considerably larger in size than presbyterian Church . camera roam the street , it ia the business center of the region and on nearly every building , include the saloon and gambling hell , be sign proclaim they to be the property of " zearpaw tereirotial mining company . " bearpaw be grow so fast it can not keep up with itself . tents be still be use where building have not_yet be construct . 0.8 . sound of desperate fun can be heard come from the saloon as camera pass , ths Street 1s fairly crowded , dominantly male , as camera move torough this district and turn a cerner , the number of pedestrian and loafer become less , and for . the most part , that we do see be Oriental . camera settle on a group of building identify by sign write in chinese -- as well as the ever- present mining company logo . int . build : night a classic , smoke - fill room . it be in fact a opium de . a large room with bunk bed lining all four wall and on al - most every pad nod a man <= mostly chinese . a pot-belly stove mark the center of the room , a chinese attendant , ( a " chef " ) expertly set a dab of opium aglow in a pipe . he move to a bunk where another man have yet to reach euphoria , the customer take ths pipe and begin to smoke . the " chart return to the stove , camera pan , in the near bag . a door open and we see mccabe , and a ancient chinese in trae ditional attire , icnown as old man , who lead Mc cabe through anotber door out onto the street . ext . STREET night ne the two man cross and enter another balld , a amall warehouse . this , too , {fs mark as the property of the bearpaw perritsria ? mining company , 43 . 19 . int . warehouse . mec@be and..old.man ._ night in the b.g. two om three chinese worker gamble , play a traditional game . Old man leaa mccabe ; to a section of the warehouse where several crate be stack against the wail . be open one of they and take from it a can about the size of a tobacco tin . he hand it to mccabe ... : old man : pin yen . very best . from Canada . mocabe : how mach ? , old man : pull pound , twenty - two dollar , mocabe : : too much , : old man : bottom price , mccabe ... Canada have tax now . mining company take big profit . twenty - two dollar , mccabe : : . I will pay eighteen and take ten pound -- and thet 's three dollar more then I ever pay before . qid man put the tin back and close the crate . : old man : maybe you buy someplace else . which both know be impossible . mccabe : : twenty - two dollar ...? old man : how many pound you sake ? mccabe : . eight . I have be deal poker twelve hour a day for three week and you be go to bust I out , he reach into he pocket and count the money into he hand Old man call to one of the worker in chinese , order aim £ 2 gether eight pound ef opium and loed it onto mccabe 's p36 . . . ( continued ) ae 20 . 43 ( cort . ) x . old man : you calm down , Mc cabe , Lay ' on bip for awhile . smoke . good for you . mecabe : ; ( take on chinese accent maybe good for chinaman , Old Men , but no good for white man . old man : opium God 's medicine , mccabe : -- Tale away all trouble -- you like ... mccabe smile at Old man . mccabe : '' theo maybe next time I pay more ... after a thoughtful , if stoic beat , Old man pushes the money into a fold of he clothing , as we : dissolve to : ext . hearpaw STREET a doorway night it be a@ split dow , at present both section be close . after a beat , the door open and @ man , wear the silly grin of one who hes just have he horn scrape , ( as indeed he have ) move quickly past camera and 8 . soon a woman , darkly attractive , appear . she be make the final adjust - ment in she clothing . pinish this , she release the eateh hold the two section of the door together , pick up a tin basin and move out onto the street , close the bottom section of the door , , camera pan with she and we see she door face out onto a kind of muddy courtyard , over which a network of wooden planks bas be spread for walk . as camera move with she , we see that she cubicle ts one of perhaps a dozen which line either side of the courtyard . prostitute of all description and in various stage of dress and undress , lean over the sill of they half door , muster whatever allure they can , half be white , the other half Indians of mix blood , while not booming , business can be see peripherally during the ensue scene . camera continue to follow the woman ( whom we will come to ' now later as mrs , constance miller ) we she move to a water pump at one ena of the courtyard . as she fill the basin , camera angle to include mccabe . with another man , archer , a agent of the besrvay : territsniet ( continued ) ( 21 . 4h ( coat . ) 45 . 46 , 47 . mining company , end two women , one a indian , both prostitute and both over the hill . : . another angle mccabe and archer the two girl be in the near dege mocabe : : I need one more , he turn , point to a nearby crib . mccabe :. ( cont4 nuing ) what about she ? archer follow he look . there p.o.v. a whore with a immense bosom and no tooth . sense they attention , she start to reveal ber breast . . archer' voice : never mind , lily . lily pout she disappointment . back to scene : archer : you can have she , I guess , but you be go to have to get she some tooth , mocabe : : what for --? how much for all three ? archer : I will let they go for eighty dollar each . ce mccabe :. eighty dollar !! <- I can buy @ horse fortirty '' : 2 1/11 give you two handre ana I 'il be go damn lucky if Pocahontas ... ( be nod toward indien girl ) : make it through the winter . ( continued ) | 22 , 47 ( cont . ) '' 4s , archer : mccébe ; , you ride clear down . from presbyterian church to bay yourself some whore . sound to I like you need they pretty - bad «= why not just pay the money before I change my mind about - sell they . mccabe : : you make it awful tough to mal a decent live . arceer : you could alwey cane to work for bearpaw territorial mining . mccabe : : listen , 14t 's bad enough to be @ pimp -- you want I to work for the company , too ? archer : two-forty , take it or leave it . mccabe. be think it over , camera move in on he as we : : dissolve to : ext . presbyterian church moving shot elliott aress in the style in which we shall always see he for work =-- a carpenter 's apron over a black outfit , buggest | a minister 's garb , he be walk dan the center of the street , camera moving with he . Elliott 4s head toward he church , as he walk , he pass the end of a long line of man , ignore they .. several of they we dave see before ; but there be many new face as well , as Elliott continue , we see the man be line up wait to be admit into a tent . bottle of whiskey be prevalent and be pass freely , some have have too much to drink already , rill : i sy meta annem eee note : along the main etreet there be evidence of dew gene . _. struction . consistent with the obvious population be se -~ we see more animal , and more wagon , add to in street since last we see it ere a groc d : ie . - taker 's parlor , a lunch room and a cigar stora , es this be stil ) under construction . the best deocateog , - * pproximately opposite the tent which be the center gt attrection , be take by ° " hccabe's house of . . fo good ezqucr ad fair game of chance , " JOHN q ; ace . ~ tietor , sme {continued ) 23. 4b ( cont . ) 49 . however , only the ascond floor , which serve as mccabe !s - live quarter and office , have be complete and be support by the skeleton framework of the first floor , which will ultimately house a permanent saloon and gambling hall . the wait man begin to jeer Elliott es he pass . wo response , . man : it 's Sunday , Elliott - time for god-fear man to get they horn scrape ! another man : better get in line , preacher o- you look a little tight around the eye , another : ( sing ) I be safe in the arm of jasus , I be Jesus ! little lamb , I be wait just for Jesus , yes , by Jesus Christ I be . Elliott move off toward he church . ' the man : sing the song again . camera pan up to the second floor of the half - build casino to see mccabe peer out a window , attract by the sing . he 's shave , suspender hang . we see the top half of he long - john as he seem to calculate how much money the line be worth to he . from bis second floor vantage point , mccabe look around the town possessively . p.0.v. mecaee . what he sees as the camera pan : '' sheehan 's '' can be see with Pat sheehan himself stand on the front porch ecrane he neck to see what be happen ep by the tent . apparently he have no customer , or at least none be visible , sheehan move off the porch and head in the general direction of " mccabe 's . " camera lose sheehan and precede he , poke around . a convert sheep - wagon be up on stilt now . a sign above the door identify it as the '' elite bakery . " jast now the oven of the bakery ere out in the ‘open und a man can be see remove hot bread from en oven and move toward the wegon . as he do 50 , & woman emerge from the wagon with white dough in bread pana end place it in the oven , . 51 . 52 . 53. su. 55 - 2k. camera move on to see the half - construct permanent : new home of the Elite bakery . : the government land and assay Office have become a permanent structure . next to it , Sandy Mac Arthur 's blecksmith shop be be build . sandy , himself , can be see in the yard . he move around the side of the building and look down toward the stream which run behind . his wife be do awash , Sandy take the opportunity to take a place in line , camera move on to see that a bridge span the river be under construction , its builder probably in line with the other . - the cornish Water wheel be spin now , pump water from a flood mine into the stream . camera move on to locate the chinese section close to the stream . they area be still very crude , yet on one semi - tent , the masonic emblem can be distinguished , a chinaman be hang a line of clothes to ary , while another be busy shave the head of a third , back to scene mccabe turn back away from the window , ext . STREET favor tent a chinaman be station at the flap , a strongbox on the table in front of he . Brian Kelly move out of the tent into shot and another man move to enter it . chinaman : one way , three dollar -- , two way , five dollar , ' the man pay and enter through the tent 's flap . Kelly move out and see the man in line , ledbetter , patch and Jacobs be near the front . another huge man , tiny newcombe , can also be see . he stand acour fyourta un line . Kelly move to ledbetter , take a bottle of whiskey from he end hes a long drink , ledbetter , who be next , be anxious . who would you get ? kelly : lily . ( continued ) 25 . 55 ( cont. } £ se gesture indicate that she 's the one with the big boson . '* ledbetter : good ? . kelly : it 's all good , some 's better . tiny newcombe have have too much to drink . tiny : it sure take you long enough . kelly : she -e -e-t , I never even take my boot off , . ledbetter : Jesus christ , I wish they would hurry . I get e hard a cat could not scratch , tiny : I be go next , and that 's a fact . ledbetter : through I . 56 . | closer angle the tent tiny : good , if there 's something I like better than get my ash baul , it 's kick some ass , . kelly : what 's wrong with you , tiny ? the man 's next . tiny : stay out of it . you already be fade , he 's my friend , — ce ( continted ) 26 . 56 ( cont , ) - . tiny : then you better give he a hand jig ' cause I be go next -- and I hope you do not like it , sense trouble , the chinaman in the near 6.g. grab the atrongbox and move across the street , int . mccabe' live quarter the upstairs be not in much better shape than the lower floor , it have be furnish with a bed . a few box be scattered around to serve as chair , a crude bench have be set up in front of a mirror . mccabe wet he razor in a tin basin . a pot-belly stove be stage center , near it , seat on one of the box be Pat sheehan , sheehan : itve get to hand it to you , pudgey .. , . mccabe react coldly to this informality . : : ( continue ) eeoh .. , . John . ll mccabe : just call I mccabe -- I '11 know who you mean , sheehan : you know I want to be you friend , do not ort you , mccabe ? mccabe : why ? . : sheehan : well , I can see that before very long you be go to be as important to presbyterian Church as ... as ... biote . mccabe : . you be ...? sheeean : well , why not ? -- I mean why should not we be friend ? after all , we have get the only two saloon in town . - ooe mccabe : that be not a whole lot to have in common , sheehan . . . ( continued ) 37 ( cont . ) ss . angle 27 . sheehan : 4 why I know the minute I see you ride in that you be a man to be reckone with , why I have be tell everybody how good you be with that colt of yours . I would not want anybody to try and fatten up they rep by throw down on you ... ' mccabe : come on , sheehan -- that 's a lotta crap . and you lmow it ! you make I out a gim - slinger because I make you back down when it first come here . it make you look good . now tell I what it be you be after and move away from that stove -- you get pretty ripe when it 's warm , sheehan he move away , but sheehan be a worm who can not be insulted -- especially by someone obviously superior . sheehan : listen , mccabe , it 's no secret that this town 's a comer -- and I be not say you never have a lot to do with it . but I be not no dummy . what 's go to happen when the town get big enough for three saloon ? maybe four ? 59 . another angle mecabe : tell I , sheehan . ( proudly ) you a " I be go to form a partner - ship . he pause , wait for a reaction . mccabe continue to shave , the only SOUND be the scrape of he blade on he beard , sheehan : 's ( continue ) a partnership that will keep any out - sider from come in here and open wp another saloon without we say it 's all right and take a cut . what do you say to that ? ( continued } 28 . 59 ( go . ) 60 . él. 62. 63. oa. we hear the SOUND of someone run up the stair , int , mccabe' incompleted SALOON chinaman camera be inside the unfinish casine . the chinaman , still carry the strongbox , bolt into the casino and up the stair . . chinaman : mccabe ! mccabe ! you come quick . int . second floor mccabe' quarter as mccabe , still in the process of shave , open the door . chinaman : trouble ! plenty trouble ! get to stop big fella . mccabe turn and rush back to the window , look out . mccabe' p.0.v. just in time to see tiny take a roundhouse swing at Kelly and ledbetter , miss they both . the force of he swing propel he into the tent , knock it down , Kelly and ledbetter jump on top of tiny and more of the tent begin to fall . from inside come the scream of the whore and the sound of at least three angry man whose pleasure have be interrupt , another angle the fight it catch on like 's forest fire and soon the entire line of man be fight one another . the six occupant of the tent ( three whore and three trick ) be in various stege . they manage to extricate themselves from the collapse tent and they , too , join in the melee , another angle mccabe as he cross the street . he be fully aress , he navy colt strapped to he side at the ready . he walk slowly and deliberately to the area near the tent and stand quietly . at first , he presence be only feel by a few of that nearest he , but scon the fight begin to slacken orr until it stop totally . when it be quiet and all eye be on he , mccabe singles out tiny and direct he word to he , hand poise over the butt of he gun . . ' ( continued ) . 64 ( cont . ) 65 . mccabe : '' ~ tiny -- you want to fight somebody , you can fight I . a : all eye be on the two . tiny hover over mccabe , but mccabe wear the difference . tiny : except I be not get a gun . mccabe : go get one . tiny be cornere end have to back off . tiny . listen , Mr. mccabe -- I do not want to . mess around with you . Hell , I do not mean no harm -= honest -- I do not want to get no gun . mccabe : I do not want any goddamn bully around here --. now get that tent put back up and get back in line and we will forget o.a. the church bell begin to ring . mccabe look up at it , smile . mecabe : I do not never want to kill nobody on = ~ . Sunday ... : ledbetter' voice : ( 0.s . ) oh my God -- my God --~ my God -- damn ! under a tent flap , ledbetter and lily be hard at it , as we a a dissolve : : wew angle include sheehan . who have follow after mccabe , but who have stay well away from any possibility of be involved or take side until now , mccabe step past he and move back acroas the street , sheehan : that be terrific , mccabe . you could gost tell he be ready to erap hia pants , Boy do he back down ... ( con tinued ) 30 . 65 ( cont . ) 66 . 67 . mccabe : bight-to-five say that if tiny have of want a gun , he could have get it from you . sheehan stop in the street , mccabe keep walk away . another angle mccabe sheehan : what ebout we partnership ? mccabe reach in he pocket , turn back and throw three @ollar toward sheehan , mccabe : here 's three dollar . go get in line , . sheehan : come on , mccabe -- I get to have a answer , mccabe : that be a answer , 4nd as sheehan stand in the mad try to decipher the mean - ing , we 7 , * dissolve : ext . presbyterian church a wagon day as it pull to a stop in front of mccabe 's saloon -- still under construction . the wagon be heavily load , a tarp pro - tecting its content . a woman , partially conceal because of the bitter weather , be seat next to the driver . in the rear of the wagon , a wide - eye , fawn - like young girl sit next to she protective husband , who be obviously she senior by many year , they be ida and bob webster , on the side of the wagon the word , " webster' sawmill , bearpaw " have be paint , camera pan as Bob webster jump from the wagon and move toward the saloon . mccabe can be see ingide the saloon and move out to greet he . they meet on the porch , closer angle mccabe webster . mccabe : you make good time , Bob . any trouble with the mining company ? ( continued ) 31 . 68 ( cont . ) 69 . 70 , bob : some -- but they want to set up they own mill , so they let I go . mccabe : when can you start cut ? I be try to make a live in a goddarm saloon without no wall . webster make a alight reaction to mccabe 's profanity . another angle two shot the wagon can be see in the near b.g . ' the driver be help the woman who be sit next to he to the ground . ida webster can not be see in this angle , werster : I bring the little woman with I . he nod toward the wagon . . mccabe : I be sorry . camera move with - mccabe as he approach the wagon and tip he hat to the woman , . oo mecabe : how do you do , Mrs. webster . I be proud to welcome you to presbyterian -- , chureh , we see the woman be constance miller . - oe . constance : I be right proud to be here , but my name be Mrs. Miller , Mrs. webster be in the back . mccabe : I be sorry . he move toward the back of the wagon . afother angle the wagon at the rear as Bob webster help ida down . mccabe join they . ida webster always look frighten , vulnerable and as though she have just have she feeling hurt , ( continued ) 32 . 70 ( cont . ) 71 . 72 . 73. bob : ( proudly ) this here 's the little woman . mccabe tip he hat again . mccabe : '' proud to make you acquaintance , metam , welcome to presbyterian Church , Ide almost , but not quite , speak , very close mccabe bob webster as webster lean in to speak to mccabe in lower tone . bob : the driver say she need a lift . I do not realize she be a ... another angle three shot : mccabe : ( to ida ) : my apology , mar 'am . just temporary ; T fix it up for you and Bob to stay at the macarthur 's ' till you get you own place . mccabe point 6.s , to the blacksmith shop . ( to ida ) . I will take you over there now , ( to mccabe ) soon as we get settle I will see about get steam . God willing , you will have you sawmill - by the end of the week , mccabe : good -- , anything you need , just let I imow , Bob lead ida toward the blacksmith 's shop . mccabe nhead back toward the saloon , 4egle on constance driver as Bob and ida pass constance , Bob move so that he body be between ida and constance . constance do not give a damn . { continued ) 33 . 73 ( cont . ) ° constance : what do I owe you ? driver : you do not owe I nothing , connie ... ' ( lower he voice ) I will be stay on here , though . a suitable leer cross he face , constance look at he and drop two dollar in he hand . . constance : let 's keep it all business , dickey . and she move away toward the saloon . the wide angle constance include mccabe on the porch , constance : ( call ) you John mccabe ? mccabe tip he hat . '' mccabe : I be , Madame . = constance : I want to talk to you . alone . mccabe gesture toward the inside of the empty shell . mccabe : at you service , Madame , he follow she into the saloon . 75 . another angie mccabe move to the half - complete bar in the f.g. , set up a bottle and two glass . constance move in opposite he . - - constance : nothing for I . she beginas to remove she glove . they be a bit worse for wear . mccabe toase off a drink without speak . ( continued ) cort , ) 75 ( ao constance : ( continue ) . . that be my last two dollar I spend out there -- it 's my own fault , I guess . too damn independent . she place she glove on the bar top , revealing a wedding band on she finger , before she turn around and survey what will soon be mccabe 's place of business . constance : ( continue ) always want a place of my own . mccabe : this here 's my place . constance : - you know if you want to make out youfre such a dude , you ought to wear something besides that cheap jockey Club cologne . mccabe : I do not feel nothing but sorry it bother you , Madame , constance : I do not like that " Madame " business much , either , : mccabe : I think you might enjoy the promotion . : . constance : you be somewhat of a frontier wit , be not you ? mccabe dismiss she remark with a wave of he hand . she take a cigarette from she purse and light it , ignore he profer light . she look at mccabe squarely . . constance : ( contimue ) I be a whore , ( continued ) 75 ( cont . 2 ) 35 . mccabe : we do not have a newspaper yet , so 's I can not put that in the headline -- , anyway , whore be my long suit right now . ( he aize she up ) * you look for a job , you get it . constance : I mean to run a real whore - house . mccabe : like I say , presbyterian Church 's already get a whorehouse . constance : you call that three bearpaw crib girl whore ? mccabe : not much to look at , but if they do not have to sleep , they would be at it twenty - four hour a day . constance : this town need a " house . " you put it up , and I will take care of the girl and the run ex - pense . mccabe laugh , mccabe : just like that ... constance : why not ? itll pay you back for the cost of the place , and you will atill get you fifty percent , mecabe : I have be do all right so far -- besides , I already plan to build a '' house . '' why do I need you ? ( continued ) 75 ( cont . 2 ) this ere he think he think 36 . : constance : do you ever try to run a bunch of girl ? work girl --? why you would have this town clapped up inside of two week , can you handle drunk without any trouble ? what do you do with ea whore that fall in love ? question mccabe have not ask himself before . about it , but have grave doubt . mccabe : it would mean a lot of money . Mrs. Miller , be 1t ? I can see you get expensive taste , Mrs. Miller . I be a gambler , but I do not never take chance . . on it . constance press she advantage . constance : when business be slow my girl can deal for you . we will make more money for you than that three crib cow - ever could . mccabe : how do you know I buy that girl in bearpaw ? constance : I see you buy they from archer , I work there , too , I sell everything to buy myself out . mccabe : why would you leave ? constance : because it be dirty -- and because I do not want to be a bearpaw terri‘or . be mining company whore . ( continued ) 37 . cont.3 75 ( go .4 ) . mccabe : neither do I , he pour two glass , mccabe : ( continue ) have a drink , Mrs , Miller , this time constance toss hers off , too , mccabe touch the wedding band on she finger , mccabe : ( continue ) what about you old man ? constance : I do not have one , I just wear this to be respectable , CUT to : 76 , ext , mccabe' SALOON another day webster 's wagon drive up to the front with a load of cut timber , Driver and swamper begin to unload , mecabe' voice : ( of , 's . ) I will build you ' house ' as soon as I get my saloon finish , you will have to work out of the tent for a while , constance's voice : ( ove , I do not mind work out of a tent , but you be not go to use any - lumber on you place until you build we a bath house , ~ ( . mccabe' voice : to. , a bath house ! be you crazy ? ( ) constance's voice : - fo.s , we do not take on any customer umtil you build a bath house , a beat before mccabe appear from within the saloon and male angry end reluctant gesture to the driver and he helper ( continued ) on 38 , 76 ( cont . ) tt . order they to reload the lumber which have be deliver , as they comply : mecabe' voice : ( 0.3 . ) : how can I pay for a bath house if there 's no ' chingee - chingee ' and no gambling ? . the wagon be reload and move out , mccabe stare after it , . constance's voice : you will { sis oe something ... CUT to : close shot ext , half complete bath house ( they 're build ) day on a sign which bear the legend , " bath house - fifty cent - no chinamen or animal allowed , " camera rise , ' the interior of the bath house can be see in this angle , four barrel have be bury in the ground near the stream which run near presbyterian Church , planks '' for walk have be nail to the top of tree stump , a group of man be at the front of the bath house , ledbetter , Kelly , Jacobs , patch and tiny newcombe , : ledbetter : if this be progress , you can have it in you , tiny : who the hell be go to pay to take a goddamn bath ? a patch : I would not take one free , so you know dam well I be not go to pay , jacob : mccabe tell I you can not get humped without you take a bath first , - et . - tiny : >... sheeett -- if I wash up , lily : never would let I go , : ledbetter : :I ' hear we be get some new girl from Denver -- one of they be a chine se princess ... ( continued ) 39 , 77 ( cont , ) 78 , " keslly : you think that 's true what they say about chinese giris ? patch : you know what they say about girl from Denver ... tiny : what ? ledbetter : Jesus , your dumb , same thing they say about chinese girl , tiny : T be not go to hump no chinese girl -- I do not care if she be a goddamn princess , kelly : sure do not make no sense to take a bath and then hump a chink ! ledbetter : what 's go to happen to the pig we get now ? kelly : . mccabe 's go to give ' tem to the chinamen , patch : you do not think they be pig when they first come up , I know it , but now I can not even make it think about somebody else , when they new whore comin' ? why do not you ask mccabe ? cur to : ext , presbyterian church , mccabe night two tent have be build and they be in close proximity to each other , a sign above the flap of one tent read : '' constance miller' denver delight , " below it , " proof of bath require , " mecabe move to the next tent , its sign read : " private , " mccabe be drunk , he scratch on the tent flap , after a beat , Mrs , Miller 's slee voice anawer , ptcontinued ) 78 ( cont . ) constance - 4o , constance's voice : who be it ? what do you want ? we be slese , . : mccabe : it 's I , constance's voice : De you want to com in ? wait just a minute , mccabe : no , Madame , I do not wish to come in , ' appear at the tent entrance , constance : be you drunk ? -- never mind , I can see you be , what do you want ? go home , : mccabe : : the boy wish to know when you whore be come , Madame , and so do I , so far you have cost I all the money I make here and none be come back , the whole town think I be rich and the truth be I be break , ' constance : you have to spend money to make money , : mccabe : you seem to think I be nothing but a bank , Madame , tell I when the whore be come since ihave peid for they goddamn transportation and for a God - damn beth house which I will lay eight - toefive be not never go to be use , constance : you could stand to use it right now , mccabe : we be not talk about I , constance : tne hell we be not , you be just as anxious for the girl as the rest of then , mecabe : bullshit , Madame -- , you will never see I stand in line , ( continued ) 78 ( cont , .1 ) 79 . 80 , 42 , constance : you be all the same , mccabe , God . know it and I know 'it , anyway , the girl will be here tomorrow , you better get start on my whorehouse , CUT to : ext , presbyterian church wide angle day the weather be bad , although it 's mid-morn , only ea few people can be see on the street -- and this soon duck into the protection of building , the window of which be cloud with steam , soon a carriage come into view and move down the street toward camera , although we can not as yet distin- guish they , the occupant of the carriage be the four whore for whom the town be weit , the carriage be load with they belonging , and the lady themselves be heavily clothed against the weather and appear as little more than lump , across the muddy street a chinaman make a exit from a buiid and move into shot about the same time the carriage come to a stop near camera , another angle the carriage and a closer look at the occupant , a driver , eunice , blanche , cindy and mai ling , oddly enough , this girl do not look much different from other girl of the same age , which range from about twenty to thirty , they be not garishly make up , nor costume , they be tired and irritable after a long trip , blanche : what the hell be you stop for ? I be freezing my ass off , -° driver : where do you want to go ? eunice : Inside , anyplace , Christ whet a rotten swamp , the chinaman cross near then , 's cindy : ask the chink ( continued } bo ( cont , ) driver : ( to chinaman ) where be the , ..? . ( to blanche ) ~ what do I ask , '' blanche : never mind , dammit -- I will do it myself , the chinaman stand stering blankly , blanche : ( continue ) where 's Mrs , Miller 's " house ?! ko response , eunice : por erissake , blanche , -- where 's the whorehouse ? no answer , cindy : he probably can not speak English , blanche : : ( to Eunice } wheat be you go to do now , make gesture ? . eunice : up yours , I be too mich of a lady . Driver turn to mai ling . driver : maybe you better ask he , mai ling : I can not speak chinese , ~-- many year ago I be steal from my father 's palace by a american sailor , , , cindy : it 's too cold for that crap , save it for the customer , she be bear : meee ee ce in Portland , — apn oe err a wea mai ling : what customer ? ne ' : ( cowrrnved ) 43 . 80 ( cont , 1 ) 81 , 82 , o. attract by the noise and the bicker blanche : '- constance go crazy , I guess , it suddenly occur to the chinaman where this lady , no doubt , belong , he point of ,s , chinaman : missy Miller ! missy Miller ! driver : think he know what he 's talk about ? blanche : he know a hell of a lot more than you do , let 's go , another angle with carriage as the driver head toward the tent across from the bath house , eunice : - I think there be suppose to be a real ' house , ! cindy : a-minute ago all you want be to get inside , eunice : . do not connie 's letter say there be a ' house ?! blanche : how would you kmow what a letter say , bunice : ~- . tents , for crissake , that 's. no 0 ... 2 . | better than crib , another angle the scene : ee ete cmos 00 the driver rein in near the front of the tent we 4 a see before , constance emerge from inside - she toe uh . 62 ( cont , ) 83. constance : come on in , rl , you get wood floor and hot watef -- something you never have in Denver , so stop complain , . blanche : well constance Miller ! -- what 's a nice girl like you do in a place like this ? the driver jump down to help mai ling , enamor with she , the other girl climb down themselves and move into the tent , constance : ( to driver ) put all they stuff in that other tent , int , tent a continuation the girl have all move quickly to the stove in the center of the tent . two cubicle have be partition off on either side of the tent , a flap can be lower for privacy , all four of the cubicle be identical , each contain only a bed , lily , one of the original bearpaw girl be present , the girl be chatter , bitching about every - thing , mai ling : ' itm not take on any chiname , mis tell you that right now , bunice : damnit , T think I would be work in a@ real ' house , cindy : be not that a bath house out there ? Jesus , I would love to take a beth , blanche : do that sign mean what it say ? mal ling : it mean it -- no chiname , clean or not , blanche : what about it , connie ? you write there be a ' house 's here , continued } 83 ( cont , ) 45 . constance : do not you know when you be weli off ? a " house ! will come , a real ' house , 's I promise you , in the meantime , just that this be not a company town ought to be enough , I will go right down the middle with you girl , . eunice : what about tip ? constance : they be all yours , but no free ride / - and no drink , I will not stand for any drunken whore during business hour , and when it 's slow , you take turn deal for mccabe , cindy : who 's mccabe ? you old man ? blanche : you mean , pimp , connie , I never think you would hook up with a pimp , constance ; he 's not my old man and he 's not really a pimp , we be partner , strictly business , and I do not want any of that ' connie ' business in front of customer , Mrs , Miller , remember that , eunice : what customer ? there be only one ary up old chink when we come in , mai ling if there 's go to be any chiname , I quit , constance : there be some other girl here , we give they to the chiname , blanche : do you ever see a chinaman who want to lay another chink , when there be @ white woman around ? mal linc : De not you call I a chink ! ( continued ) a 63 ( cont , 1 ) constance blanche : how about ' whorehouse baby , !' do you like that better ? mai ling : t!12 scratch you eye out , you clapped up old buffalo , step betweem they , constance : that 's enough ! any more of this and you can sell you ass in bearpaw ! -° now this be lily , she will see you have get plenty of towel and since she 's already see damn near everybody in town , she know who the trouble - maker be , lily reward they with a grin , the driver enter the tent , constance constance move to he , constance : take you hat off , i ( he comply ) what do you want ? driver : well , I be not be pay and amell they girl all the way up here 's make I hornier and hell , . constance : what do I owe you ? : driver : well , I say I would haul ‘em up here for six dollar apiece , but maybe we could , , , ' produce the money , constance : but , .nothing , this be business , here 's you money , ' . driver : but I unload all this bag and atuff , , . that ought to be worth something ... . constance : thank you , . ( continued ) 83 ( cont . 2 ) 8s . 86 , 47 , driver : listen , I get to give half this money to the know , mining company , you constance : you have get enough , five dollar , take you choice , mai ling , driver : mai ling shoot blanche a triumphant glance , che : blan ( under she breath ) ought to be two - fifty , another angle the driver pay constance and move toward mai ling , constance : you have to take a bath first , shit , I ain bath , mai ling move very cl bis ear , ( turn : I still ain ! ext , tent high angle the driver continue h driver : 't go to take no ose to he and whisper something driver : ing away ) t go to take no beth , '' he move toward the tent flap , day be exit , move directly to the carriage , he climb in and turn it around , head it back out the way he come , close the driver as he think over Mat be , ling 's word -- whatever thay 87 . 88 , 89 , 90 , kb. back to high angle ~ be negotiate a " U " turn in the street and move the carriage back to the bath house , as he enter , . we dissolve : int , bath house so . night it 1s utter chaos , two chinese attendant do they best to keep some kind of order , to no avail , ' the dress room , build to accommodate perhaps a half - dozen man wait for bath , be crowded beyond belief , half -nake man and stark - naked man be everywhere , clothing be strewn about -- just who it belong to be the question , boot , pants , shirt , coat and all sort of filthy foul weather gear be pass back and forth , claim and reclaim , another angle in the tub area , if possible , there be even less order here , one man 1s bathing , clothes and all , some be bathing to - gether in the four tank , the overflow from the dress room have push halfedress man , still struggle to rid themselves of they clothes , out onto the catwalk between the tank , lose he balance , one man pitch into a bath already occupy by two other , while voice be often paise in anger , the main purpose of this have not be for - get , and there be no serious fight , throughout the scene , SOUND of the chinese attendant chatter over , closer angle 's a bathing tank occupy by Kelly and ledbetter , ledbetter be shave , kelly : ledbetter , darling -- if I would know you look like this I might have take you on myself , ledbetter : you be up here too long , tiny appear on the catwalk nearby , naked , and lower he - self into the tank , . . - kelly : well , come right on in for crissake , why do not you bring you fuck laundry ? it 4. v ; m warning you -- if you piss I will cut off you becker , , ( continued } 49 . 90 ( cont .} 91 . tiny : just when itm fall in love . do you get a look at the tit on big old blanche ? I might even take my boot off . kelly : | - do not think about it . I be afraid it will all be over before I can drop my stride , ledbetter : this be the first time I be warm in three month . ready ? . kelly : let 's go . . tiny : leave you soap . ledbetter : Jesus you be in love , kelly : ( gesture ) why do not you box the clown and deat the price ? tiny : up you butt -= think I want hair on dy palm ? as they step out of the tub and be quickly replace by two more anxious bather , wa cuT to : ext . bath house - night as the first few bather rush from the bath house toward the tent . most be dress on the way , and at least one stum - ble or be imocked down and the bath be for nothing . camera pan as they approach the " Denver Delight " tent . lily stand at the entrance peer out . as the man approach and begin to form a line , lily turn inside . 92 . 93. so . # int , tent - . night a wait room have be form by drop a flap which separate the girl from the customer . another small alcove have be fashioned in the same manner . Mrs. Miller have @ table set up at the entrance to the " Delight " section and be obviously prepare to take the money , lily : here they come . constance : it 's up to you , lily -- if there 's lint in they belly button , you know they do not bathe . she move toward the entrance . lily station herself behind the cubicle flap , as Mrs. Miller be about to poke she head out , mccabe appear . two shot mccabe constance a slight , mow smile tug at the corner of she mouth , constarce : have you take a bath ? mccabe : I be not here as a customer , Madame . I just come to wish you well . besides , my place be empty , constance : li maybe you ought to check on the service . mccase : oe I be sure you know you business , have Te Madame -- be you -- aveilable -- as well ? — constance : . why ? mccabe : a idle curiosity , Madame . + o shain per enereer — — — — more , oa tr ee constance : : - ( flat ) : of ao my price be twenty - five dollar ... " mecabe be angere and ce not conceal it . . he turn and exit . { continued ) 93 ( cout . ) . 95 . 96 . 51 . : mccabe : I wish you well , Madame , ext . tent moving shot mccabe as he walk from the tent without look back . the line have grow now . at the entrance to the tent , Mrs. Miller appear and begin instruct the line of man in the b.g. camera stays with mccabe . constance : no drunk and no rowdiness . when you enter the tent , step behind the flap for inspection , Mo one allow without a bath and I will tolerate no abuse of the girl . '' miner : what about you , Mrs. Miller ? some of the other in line ad lib agreement with the notion . ad lib : T will pay double ! you can tap I out . one time , Mrs. Miller -- you can have my claim ! it 's all mccabe can do to keep from turn back to hear she answer , but he stride on . angle on constance very clcse look after mccabe for a beat before she answer , constance : ( laugh ) you flatter I boy . but twenty - five cash be all that it tax . she reenter the tent after another look after mccabe . close mecabe angry with himself for caring whstner constance '' ilier screw svery man in town or not , 97 . s2 . int . tent as the customer begin to enter . moultry Jacobs be first . : constance : ( point ) around there , boy . led by the first man , they form a line which stretch out the entrance . . lily voice : ( word indistinguishable ) moultry's voice : what ? . lily voice : ( same as first speech ) a rustle of clothing can be heard , jacob : w- Christ sake , lily -- i be afraid the touch it ! short beat , mouitry step around adjust he trousers and move to the table . . _ 0 jacob : ( continue ) what be she , a goddamn doctor ? constance : pive dollar , Mr. Jacobs -- you will be glad we do that some day . moultry pay . jacob : China girl cost more ? constance : they be all the same . juccr : ( enter " Delight " ) that 's what I sim to find cut ... and as the next man come from behind the flap from kis shoet arm '' inspection , wa cot to : 98 . 53 . int . mccabe' SALOON night the saloon have be complete now , but the only occupant of it be mccabe , a bartender , danny , and a chinese waiter , know as hey you . mccabe , a bottle of whiskey at he elbow , be seat at a faro table , a number of book of the ledger type be open in front of he . his movement and gesture , even the way he toss off a occasional drink , indicate that column of figure , credit and debit be not he long suit . Danny be behind the bar , hard press to find something to do , and hey you be stand idly near to he . danny : be all right to close up , Mr. mccabe ? mccabe look up from he book , survey the empty saloon . mccabe : yeah , close up for crissake . it 's go to take I all night to figure where I be at with this goddamn book , Danny slip off he apron and move toward the door . mccabe : come on over and have a drink . danny : if it 's all the same to you , Mr. mccabe , I think I would get myself a bath , ( smile ) " cleanliness be next to godliness . '' mccabe : cleanliness be next to the whorehouse . go ahead . -- you too , hey you . I will lock up . mccabe move after they toward the door , Danny adlib he goodnight and move o.s. hey you hover at the door . bey you : man say opium almost go . os '' mecabe : what man ? : you all man . chinese man . need more soon . you get ? ( continued ) 98 ( cont . ) , ~ 99 . mccabe : yeah , yeah . I get . - hey you exit , another angle to include constance Miller stand just outside the bat - wing door . she carry a small atrongbox . mccabe call after hey you , obviously for the benefit of Mrs. Miller , mccabe : I get if I ever get any goddamn money ! Mrs. Miller walk by he into the saloon . ' constance : why be you always in such a bad temper ? . mccabe close and lock the inside door of the saloon , mecabe : por one thing , it be because ever since you come here you have cost I nothing but money -- this shit must cease , Madame . I have not sell a full bottle of whiskey today , and that 's a fact , constance : because every man in town be take a bath in you bath house or lay up with a girl in you whorehouse , . mccabe : but I have not see any of that money , Madame , and my book show that what I need most of all right now be money . : she spot the book , move to the table and set down the strongbox . . so constance : I have the bath house money and the whorehouse money for the first night right here . she dump the content of the box on the table . the take be considerable , . . 100 . -another angle mccabe * 55 . '' and mccabe be considerably impressed with the amount . camera pan with he to table and he begin to count . constance : ( continue ) — we miss a lot of bath money because of the rush , but there 's almost three hundred dollar there . mccabe continue to count out loud , make a mistake , start over with a impatient glance at Mrs. Miller , she pour herself '' drink , then look at the open book . at first it be cursory , then she peruse they with grow interest , which soon turn to emusement . constance : ( continue ) how could you tell ? mccabe stop count , exasperate , mccabe : how could I tell what ? constance : you say you book show you need money . I would like to know how you figure that , because this book be impossible , mccabe : I will thank you to keep out of thing you do not understand . constance : we be partner . I have a right to see the book , mccabe : we be not partner in my saloon or my gambling or my opium business . constance : some business «= opium . . mccabe : if it have not be for opium , Mrs. High -and - mighty - Miller , there would be no bath house , no whorehouse , and more then likely , no saloon , you might remember that . ( continued ) 100 ( vont . ) 56 . . constance : there 's no whorehouse now , mccabe : jesua Christ , Madame -- we only atart today . . : constance : T mow it , but we could make twice as much if . we have a proper " house . " mccabe : how come whenever we talk about spend money it be always " we . " constance : De you think I want to do this for - the rest of my life ? -- I have plan , mccabe , one of this day I amsgo to pack up and go to San Francisco . I be go to sell you my half - interest and I be go to have a board house in San Francisco with a brownstone front , mccabe : T can just see you run a board house . I would like to get a good look at they border . . constance : . I kmow what you be think -- it just prove how dumb you be . Mc cabe : iam plenty smart enough for presbyterian Church , and that 's a fact . constance : you will not prove how smart you be by this book . I better help you with they . mccabe : it be not a woman 's place to stick she nose in book . - but Mrs. Miller have seat herself in mccabe 's chair and be poring down a column of figure . she look up at he . constance : what be seven from eleven ? ( continued ) ST . 100 ( cont . 1 ) mccabe think too long on the answer . constance : ( cont . ) nine from sixteen ? no reply . constance : ( continue ) how much 1s sixteen and nineteen ? eo while we be at it , how do you spell " grocery " -- " supplies " -- " salary ? " mccabe 's ledger be prompt this question . mccabe : Madame , I can hold my own in any game of chance with any amount you can count . I can figure odd and pay-off before you can blink , and I can tell you how much the bartender be steal by look at the empty bottle . -- it take I a little longer to write it down formal . . constance : from now on , I will help you with the book . -- if only to protect my interest . mccabe : I warn you , Madame =» do not push I too far , oy constance : it will take I a day or two to reconcile this figure , but I can tell already - that you have more money than you think . -- more than enough to begin building my " house . " Mrs. Miller gather up the book and head for the door in @ very business - like manner , mccabe : the whorehouse will be build when I say it will be build end not before ! : ( continued ) on 58. 100 ( cont . 2 ) 101 . 102 , constance : good night , John . -~ she unlock the door and exit . mccabe : ° ( shouting after she ) four , goddamn it ! -- Seven from eleven be four ! : and , on at least this partial victory for mccabe , we dissolve : ext . presbyterian church day ( morning ) the whorehouse , easily the best look building in town , but still not much eat that , have be build . a few piece of furniture be be carry into it by a couple of man . in this angle we can see that Mrs. Miller 's " house " have be build opposite the rear entrance of mccabe 's saloon . the back door of the two building face each other across a muddy ditch over which e short walk bridge have be suspend , another angle panning shot 4s a carriage occupy by the entire " Denver Delight " troupa labor up the street and stop in frent of the " house . " Mrs , Miller step down first and be join by blanche , Eunice , mai ling , Cindy and lily . constance : there it be , girl . -- I even get real bed and real mattress for you . each of you have a separate poon . blanche : dammit , connie -- I be close to tear , - constance : ° that 's not all . come on . ~~ ~---— — -~ eee 411 follow Mrs. Miller into the " house . " camera lose they and hold on three young boy average atout ten year , who have be hide nearby . . = vee " ( continued ) 102 ( cont . ) 103 . 59 . first kid : : I could have damm near touch that one with the red hair . second kid : it 's a good thing you do not . ' first kid : why ? second kid : I do not know -- it 's a good thing , that 's all . third kid : you could get something , that 's why . : ' first kid : what ? third kid : " infamouse , " that 's what . that 's what my mother call Mrs. Miller . . second kid : what the hell 's " infamouse ? " first kid : I do not know . third kid : well I do . it 's awful , run down you leg and rot off you heel , second kid : Jesus ... CUT to : ext . presbyterian church the STREET day there be more activity today than we have ever see before . the town have be transformed from a makeshift , filthy , half - canvas , half - wood , three - building mining town to something that damn near resemble a real town , spring rain have leave the street muddy . in the opinion of many , there have be enough progress to have a dedi - oation day of sort . ina larger town , there would be bunt and streamer and a array of flag for such a cecasion , presbyterian Church do the ' best it can . 105 . 106 . 107 . 108 , 61 . ' ext . STREET a large crowd . day they have gather around a roped - off square to witness a wrestle match between tiny newcombe , wear a sash of star and stripe around he waist , and en equally large canadian in red tight . everyone we have meet , include the chinese and all the whore , new and old , can be see . only Pat sheehan be not in evidence . mccabe stand nearby constance Miller , who sit in she carriage with all the girl , include lily . several angle of the match itself , intercut of the crowd , as the two giant wrestle each other , break down the rope , fall into the crowd and wind up use half the town to complete the match , the delighted crowd follow along with they . tiny be the eventual loser , as the canadian nearly drown he in the dirty pond , which the rain have leave in front of " sheehan 's . across it , sheehan move out onto the front Porch of he saloon and watch the action , before turn back inside , angle on lily very upset at the outcome of the match . she rush to the side of the half - drown tiny and help he to he foot , unmindful of the water which drip on she . they walk away , lily do most of the support . int . sheehan' SALOON except for one other man , " sheehan 's " be empty . the lone customer be totally medium . ' his height , weight , coloring , clothing , everything about he be commonplace , as though he be stamp out of a mold . yet there be a peculiar and probably unwarranted air of self - assurance about he in sharp contrast with he appearance . sheehan : well , mccabe 's miner get he ass kick , so the day 's not all shot . - no love lose between you and mccabe ... I guess . : sheehan : you get that right -- and he do not come come around I , neither -- I be not say he 's scared , mind you , but ... , ( continued ) 62 . 108 ( cont . ) sheehan take a closer look at the man . he reach out and grab a bottle and a glass for himself . 3 ( continue ) listen -- you get some time . " ( he pour two drink ) let I tell you about pudge mccabe ... CUT to : 109 . ext . STREET close on large rock as a sledge swing by a unseen miner smashes it to bit , camera pull back and we be view a rock -smash contest . Three row of rock have be line up in row of five . a winer straddle each row , move back as the rock be ex - pertly smashed = in most case with a single blow . onlooker and @ prevalence of whiskey everywhere , 110 , another angle and another contest . this time a number of man be try to drill into the sheer side of hardrock . the drill be turn as they bite deeper and deeper into the rock , power by the swing of a hammer . 111 . establishing shot presbyterian church day ( afternoon ) ' the shadow be longer and the main event , a tug-of - war to be stage on the main street and involve damn near every man in town , be about ready . mccabe be somewhere in the f.g. , he colt draw to signify the start . he carry a bottle of whiskey in he other hand . he be sway drunkenly , but obviously have the time of nis life . . mccabe : drink on I for the winner , and the loser have to spend the night in sheehan 's Hotel . this be greet with laughter , but when mccabe fire for the start of the tug , it become 'a serious matter -- though sesiy half the man involved be as drunk as mccabe , or er. 112 , '' another angle mecabe 113 , '' to 63. a he holster he colt , toss off the rest of the bottle before throw it into the street , and climh the step lead to the porch of he saloon . the man we see earlier at " sheehan 's " can be see near the entrance , a amused , supercilious expression on he face . as mccabe sway to the door , he hand he a card . mccabe @lance at it , without see , and hand it back . man : my name be sear , Eugene sear . mccabe try to focus , he stick out he hand in the general direction of sear . mccabe : I be roebuck -- who the hell be watch the store ? sear smile , lip only . . sear : we would like to have a little talk with you , mccabe . : mccabe look at he closely , decide he probably do n'+ like sear , and move into the saloon as sear try to complete the handshake . int . mccabe be - SALOON night mccabe move directly behind the bar , which have neither bartender nor customer , to get another bottle . sear follow , despite the rejection , still confident . ~ " sear : we take you for a man that belong _ on the right side , mccabe , with the right people . you know what I mean . mccabe take a long pull from he bottle , then belches he answer , . . 20 " sear : . ( continue ) it 's no secret that there be some pretty good zinc deposit here , and we have be ... ( continued ) '' the presbyterian church wager " base on the novel " mocabe '' + ( as mwulc ~ es ee by Edmund naughton screenplay by Brian mckay and Robert altman 7/2t/70 property of david poster production David Foster = Mitchell brower se 113 ( cont . ) mccabe : wait a minute , Eugene . do you have a turd in you pocket or something ? who the hell be " we ? " sear : it be on the card -- the bearpaw territorial mining company . as I wes sey , we be wait for the - ah - propitious moment , as it be , to put in a bid for that deposit , mccabe : waat 's stop you ? I do not ow any fuck zinc mine . sear : I be empower to speak to you because we be give to understand that you be the lead citizen around here , a man of common sense , if you know what I mean . mccase : that 's the first thing you say that do make sense . : sear : we like to deal with people of quality and intelligence . Men who have get a feel for reality . mccabe : that 's enough of that shit , Eugene . you want to buy I out , right ? -- what 's the offer ? sear be annoyed at not be able to continue he pitch , but reach into he pocket produce ean official - look paper which he refer to , sear : the company will not go any higher than twelve thousand dollar . mccabe : for the whole town ? sear : oh , no , Mr. mccabe . you see , we do not have to buy the whole town . ( continued ) 113 ( cont .1 ) 114 . 65 . a sear : ( cont . ) -. once we own the bath house , the saloon , and control the gambling and prostitution , we can pretty much name we own price for the rest . mccabe take a long time to answer . mccabe : up you ass . sear be not sure he have hear correctly . sear : - I beg you pardon ? '' mccabe : up you bearpaw territorial mining company ass . mccabe move around the bar and lurch out the door , ext . mccabe' SALOON STREET day the tug-of - war be a dead heat . there have be plenty of slip and slide , but most everyone be in the seme place as they be before . ' sand drunkenly on the top step , look as though he be ready to pass out , mccabe watch for a beat , behind he , bugene sear step out of the saloon try to figure why the approach , so often successful , fail here . he be just in time to hear mccabe let out a wild whoop , draw he gun and fire with a expertise not ex - pected of a man that drunk . his shot sever the rope between the two tug team . mccabe : I declare this match a draw . nobody lose in presbyterian Church , and that 's a goddamn fact ! the drink be on I , . as mccabe turn back into the saloon , follow by the hoot , happy , drunken , brawling resident of he town , camera pan with Eugene sear . he step out into the street to the site of the tug-of - war , bend down and pick up the two end of the rope parted by mccabe 's bullet . 43 sear stare thoughtfully back into the saloon , we : dissolve to : 115 . 116 . 117 . 118. 119 . 120 . 66 . int . mas . miller' whorehouse night a wild , bewdy party be in progress . this be the first time we have be inside Mrs. Miller 's " house , " and while it be furnish and have a piano and ea few carpet , it be hardly a grand , . exotic escape from the dreary everyday life of presbyterian Church . by comparison it may seem so to the miner , long accustom to really hard live , but luxurious it be not . all the girl be here , most of the man except the chinese , sheehan , and most notably , John mccabe , constance Miller walk through she crowded '' house , '' enter - tain , patting , dodging serious pass , keep order . from time to time one of the girl lug a trick upstairs , but tonicht at any rate , Mrs , Miller be rmin a loose ship . eventually she head into the kitchen . int . kitchen at the kitehen table lily sit with tiny . they be hold hand , smile , enamor with one another . with a slight smile , Mrs. Miller cross directly to the window and peer out . : mrs . miller be f.o.v. across the ditch , the rear of mccabe 's saloon can be see , in contrast with the revelry at Mrs. Miller 's , mccabe 's saloon seem quiet . another angle Mrs. Miller turn away from the kitchen window , disappointed somehow , and puzzle . CUT to : int . bath house mcca3e night Chin deep in the water , hardly move at all . a bottle of whiskey be nearby and can easily be reach , but mccabe ignore it . int . mrs . miller' from the top of the stair as constance Miller , refuse invitation for everything , and adroitly elude the hand of she guest , leave the parlor and head upstairs . she be not have a very good 121 . 123. 125 . 67 . new angle . the second floor , nothing much up here but a few picture and several door , Mrs. Miller head for one of the room locate at the end of the hall , a door open and a man enter the hall from one of the bedroom . his eye light up and he make a grab for Mrs. Miller , who duck away and continue , the man start to follow . constance : get away from ms , you son-of - a - bitch or I will make a soprano out of you ! the man reach uncontrollably to protect he groin area as Mrs. Miller slip into she bedroom . int . bedroom a large room by present standard , impersonally furnish , there be a closet door and another which lead to a flight of outside stair . Mrs , Miller open the outside door and take another long look at mccabe 's saloon . she turn away , slamm the door , grow angry -- and angry with herself for grow angry . now she move to the closet door , take a@ hat box down rrom the shelf and move to the bed . she open the box , remove a feathered hat , which conceal a peover of opium and the paraphernalia with which to smoke it , we should get the feel that she handle the whole thing with considerable expertise . int . bath house as mccabe rise from the tub and begin to dress , long john first . . int . mrs . miller' bedroom night she have fashioned a pellet of opium and be about to light it , when she hear footstep on the stair outside , quickly she return the opium and pipe to the hat box , cover it with the hat , close the lid and slide it under the bed . another angle constance turn down the light and move to the door to listen as the footstep reach the top of the outside stair , now there be no SOUND at all -- and when the silence grow so loud that she can not stand it another second , Mrs , Miller throw open the door , 126 . 127 . '' ext . stairway mecabe 68 , a lean with great nonchalance against the rail , he arm fold as the door open . in this angle , she can be see just inside the doorway . constance : ' what do you want , you son-of - a - bitch ? mccabe : goddammit , constance -- this be my town , and I want to celebrate , constance : do not try to fool I with that goddamn Bay rum -- get on down there and take a bath .. : mccabe : Madame -- I have be in the water so long my ass have wrinkle up . constance : well get in here , then , before you catch you death . mccabe : thank you , she widen the door for he to enter , and as he step through , mccabe pick she up and kiss she hard on the mouth . a moan come from deep within she somewhere before mccabe kick the deor shut behind he and we : dissolve to : int . mrs . miller' bedroom moaning although it 's early , already the sou " D of the blade bite into timber at webster 's sawmill can be hear . ( there be only one or two occasion since webster 's arrival that we have not hear the sawmill SOUND . ) Mrs. Miller and mccabe be lie side by side under the cover . her shoulder be bare and we should kmow , but never see , she be naked . he be wear the long john we see he don the night before in the bath house . Mrs. Miller be wide awake and look , stare at mccabe , whose eve be close . since mccabe be at least the hundreth man she have ( continued ) 69 . 127 ( cont . ) 128. spend the night with , the actual act of love undoubtedly aid not take she to previously undream of emotional height , -- but she bring he off and he bring she off and somehow that should be implicit . she continue to stare , perhaps toy with the idea of awaken he , then decide to let he sleep . she leave the bed and just be - fore it discover she nakedness , the camera move to mccabe who emit a early morning groan and reach over ssleepily to embrace Mrs. Miller , who be now o.s , her absence bring he awake , . another angle Mrs. Miller have slip into a robe , she light a cigarette , mccabe sit up in bed . mccabe : why do not you come back to bed ? constance : I have get thing to do . to mccabe : someone wait ? constance : why do not you grow up for orissake . . mccabe : why do not you ? -- you will not never have no better chance to be a honest woman . if you have sense enough to pour piss out of a boot , you would know that , constance : I have get news for you , John alden . I do not never want to be a goddamn honest woman , as youso nicely put it . I like be a whore , and I must be pretty good at it , too , if you want to take I away from all of this after one roll in the hay ! mccabe get up and start to ' dress with angry motion . mccabe : you will not never find no better man than I , Madame . : ( continued ) 128 ( cont . ) 70 . constance : I never belong to a man before and I never will , -- you want to do something for I ? buy.me out , you cheap son-of - a-bitch and let I go to San prancisco and build my board house , mccabe : that 's what you would like , be not it ? ' constance : you be goddamn right it be . what do you think ? that you be some great lover or something ? you do not even take off you long john . sleep with you 's like take a bath with you sock on . mccabe : well , figure out what you get come , ' sause I have a offer yesterday from the bearpaw territorial mining company . all the forego word be shout in anrer and design to hurt by both of they ... but a real offer to sell be something else again . Mrs. Miller think on she reply before she answer , she tone change . constance : how 's much ? mccabe : twelve thousand dollar , -- I figure you get about four come for you end . . constance : look like I really will wind up behind a brownstone front in San Francisco , after all . mccabe : look that way ... ( beat ) except that I never accept they offer , constance : how much you ask they ? mccabe : nothing -- I be not go to sell , that 's all . I get a position here , ( continued ) 128 ( 3.nt . 2 ) 71 . : constance : what position for crissake ? ° what 's presbyterian Church to you ? sell out and go someplace where people be civilized . mccabe : I can not do that , Madame . constance : why not ? mccabe : because it will cost I my self - respect . my reputation . constance : take you precious self - respect to a bank sometime and see what you get for it . mccabe : you do not have the slight idea what it will mean to I in cash if it get out that I can be bluff by a twoebit offer from the bearpaw territorial mining company . constance : what will it mean in cash if you be face down in a ditch ? can not you for once be smart ? take the offer . goddam it , they be go to win and you imow it . . mccabe : not on you tintype , Madame . Mrs. Miller go to the door and open it . constance : | get the hell out of here , you dumb bastard . | ( continued } 128 ( cont . 2 ) 129 , 130 . 131 . 72 . mccabe : who do I pay ? twenty - five dollar ... I believe be you price . . they eye meet . mccabe hit below the belt , but so have she . constance : I do not take money from dead man . mccabe turn and leave . ext . blacksmith's shop day Mr. and Mrs. macarthur watch mccabe crossing the bridge to he place . Mrs. Miller slam the door as hard as she can . mrs . macarthur : well , I never ...! she turn and enter she house . camera hold on Sandy macarthur 's face as he watch he frigid- look wife disappear , . sandy : ( sotto voce ) never be right . dissolve to : int . mccabe' bedroom day as he finish pack a small war bag , strap on he gun , spin the cylinder as he move to he bedroom window and look out . mccabe' p.0.v. the rear of Mrs. Miller 's " house , " and more particularly , the window of she bedroom , shade draw against the light , . 132 . 133. 134 . 135 . 136 . 137 . 736 back to scene mccabe sling the bag over bis shoulder and exit . ext . presbyterian church from church day as mccabe ride out of town and , near camera , turn to take a good look at he town . the sawmill cen still be heard . Elliott came around the site of he church and fis eye meet mccabe 's . Elliott look at mccabe as though he have smell something bad and turn to enter nis church . mccabe : God 's dead , you prick , he wheel he horse sround . and ride out . camera stays on prestrterian Church , the SOUND of the sawmill operate be - come isolate and as it grow louder , and then lcuder still , it stop abruptly . when the silence grow unbearable , we : flasf CUT to : ext . sawmill very close the face of ida webster her face indescribably twisted at the sight of something horrible o.s , her scream seem to replace the SOUND of the see blade . another angle what ida webster sees the mangle body of she husband drape over the see blade , bis life leak out of he over the rig that have build the town of presbyterian Church . int . mrs . miller' bedroom lie on she bed , on the nod , ber opium pipe dangle care - lessly in ber hand , Mrs. Miller have find peace as well ... dissolve to : ext . bearpaw mccabe niget as be ride inte town very alert and acutely aware of the possibility of be shot down . he cerries a shotcuy at the ready , and take it with he efter he dismount and tie he horse to a hitching reil in front of a atring of small office , after veruse the street carefully , mccabe ter en office mark : alawyer . " vy le eave 7h . int . lawyer' office night no secretary , one room , a batter desk and a couple of chair . the lawyer be seat behind he desk . he 's sixty , and speak with the raspy voice of a New englander . but he eye be not sixty , because he do not wear glass . mecabe : you be not never win a case against the mining company . ° the lawyer : nobody 's perfect ... mccabe : they say you be either rich , -= or not all there . which be it ? the lawyer : I think probably both . mccabe : I be John mccabe ... the lawyer move around and pull down the shade to the win - dow and the door before return to he coair , mccabe sit , the shotgun across he lap . tee lawyer : you any good with that ? : mccabe : not too bad , the ' lawyer : whoever they hire have not come yet , but better safe tnan sorry . -- they say that , too , do not they ? do you ever wonder who ' they ' be ? mccabf : by I they be the bearpaw territorial mining company . -- you seem to know all about it . the lawyer : small town . why would you come ? mccase : I be think ebout thet oa the ' way down here . ( continged ) 138 ( cont . ) 15 . the lawyer : to think I can single - handedly stop the company be a impraatieal assumption . mccabe : - T kaow that . the lawyer : Wise . -- before I take the ease , I want you to tell I why you want to fight . do not give I any bullshit and I will not give you any . -- you would not have come here if you do not want to fight they , mccabe : I do not know , really . -- I guess it 's my time . 139 . another angle the lawyer look as though he 's compress thing behind . bis lip , prove , testing to see if mccabe be the right man . the lawyer : : I think we ought to head up to the - marshall 's office , mccabe : wo not do no good . he 's company property . from the lawyer 's standpoint , tha answer so far be right , but he 's not quite sure yet , the lawyer : you be go to stay in presbyterian Church ? - mccabe : I do not have no other place to boe the lawyer : you know the beespaw territorial mining company es not afford a man it can not buy out . know that ? they get it figure out how much presbyterian Church 13 go to cost end it do not much matter who collect . but i+ can not afford you . pile all this mountain on you , if they heve to . company 's iilke a animal ©< second ( continued ) 139 ( cont . ) 7 . the lawyer : ( cont ) it stop wing , it start die . get it ? fou not be for sale , limit the company 's growth . -- you go to change you mind ? mccabe : not on you tintype . the lawyer : — you get yourself a lawyer , always bate big outfit , -- big thing . mccabe :. I do not comprehend you , the lawyer : do not make anv difference , he push a paper toward mccabe . . '' mccabe the lawyer : ( continue ) sign this . make it official you retain I , . slowly read the paper before signing . the lawyer stare at he . mccabe :.. you be not charge I no fee , the lawyer : can not collect from a dead man . mccabe shrug , sign the paper , hend it back . ~° ' the lawyer : ( continue ) all right . trick be to enter every - thing into some kind of record , we will take out warrant against the company for coercion , we will file in district court and we will lose , then we will appeal and start all over again . think I be a fool ? mccabe :. I could not make no judgement on that . it do sean like a waste of time . lawyer : right . han 's a goddamn fool to believe that justice be the business of the law . ( continued ) 139 ( cont . 1 ) 0. 77 . lawyer : ( cont . ) lew use rule to make society orderly enough to live in . sometimes justice come out of that ; sometimes it do not , know who the real villain be ? not the canpany -- the people who let the com - pany roll over they , time 's come for somebody to stand up -- fight they to @ standstill . . mccabe : | what happen to I ? the lawyer wave the question away . the lawyer stand . the lawyer : company 's go to deny you ever exist . that 's why the warrent , the trial , the court . History . can not deny history . never hold water , History will work against they . you be go to be a legend , mccabe . , mccabe : they be go to kill I . . the lawyer : of course they be go to kill you . they have to kill you . everybody die . but you be go to die with dignity . more dignity than you have a right to expect . mccabe : damned encourage , * the lawyer : I would lixe to shake you hand , sir , and as the lawyer pump mccabe 's arm , we : ext . cur to : bearpaw mccabe nic a T as he ride out of town . he pass a saloon and can hear the piano tinkling and the sound of drunken man and woman . a shot ring out . mccabe dive off he bharse into the mad . clmwing he pistol from he holster in the same motion . + ”y ijl . 143. '' 78 . closer mccabe 4 lie in the mud , eye everywhere at once , gun ready , but 's there be no target . fear have move in on John mccabe . . it 's - on bis face as we : dissolve to : ext . presbyterian church graveyard early morning the funeral of Bob webster . Mr. Elliott stend at greveside , he book open in he hand , but do not reed one word aloud , except for ida webster 's sob , there be no SOUND at all . the only people in attendance be a couple of mill hand who stand around uneasily . Elliott close the book , perhaps con - elude whatever rite he read to himself and walk directly away without a word to ida . she turn and watch after he for a long time . : ida : neall efter he ) what be I co to do ? and she weep , alone , Elliott stop , turn back and look at she . it be as if she have speak to he in some foreign janguage that he cannot comprehend . after a moment he turn and go on he way , camera holding on ida , and we : dissolve to : int . mrs . miller' bedroom Day Mrs. Miller be stand at she window stare out . she be fully dress and have smoke no opium . she have smoke a endless string of cigarettes . the butt have be sruff out in a large ash tray -< testimony to how long she have stand here wait . - p.0.v. mrs. miller what she sees across the ditch , the rear entrance of " micase ' : . " mecabe ' fide in , return from bsarvaw . he dismount , cie up and remove the war bag an¢ shotgun fran he horse . he do not look up toward Mrs. Miller . in the same ancle , we see he eater nis saloon , camera pan up to the shade window of he bedroan , after enough time have elsose f7 : mccabe to reach bis room , the shade be raise anu mccabe apoesr in the win - dow and look out , camera zoom slowly and ecld om he . he make no gesture nor dce the expression on he face indicate ais thought . cur to : 145 . 16 . . 19 int . mrs . miller' bedroom ' two shot day 4s before , Mrs , Miller be naked under the cover ani mccabe wesr he long underwear . they have make love , possiviy without speak of anything beforehand except they mutual bunger for one another , as before , too , both have be " bring off . " Mrs. Miller be amile . : you be amile . . con tance : habit . mccabe :. would it kill you to say that you be smile because you be glad I be back ? . : constance : it would not be the truth . mccabe : goddamn you . constance : I smile because when I be a little girl I think if I smile enough i. would not get punish , -- and I be glad you back , mccabe : it 's funny , I never think of whore be little girl -- ever , . constance : do you think we ail gct scrape ofr some well or something ? Jesus . another angle she get out cf bed , camera missing ter audity . , mecabe follow she with he eye as she slip into a robe . . constance : why be you stare et I ? mccabe : try to figure how many time you sell yourself while I be go . constance : whet difference do it make ? you really like to put yourself through ( continued ) 146 ( cont . ) she can not 80 . constance : ( cont . ) } it , do not you ? this be a business . the sucker do not get no real part of I . I lie there for they . do not try to make anything out of it . <= have not you get enough to worry about ? lo mccabe : plenty . and you do not help I none . . con tance : what do they say in bearpaw ? mocabe : what do who say ? constance : be you try to be funny ? -- the mining company -- what do they say ? mccabe :. T do not talk to they . believe it . con tance : ' then what the hell do you go down | there for ? '' mecabe :. hire myself a lawyer -- and I get I a@ goddamn good one , constance : what for ? . mcocabe : you do not think I be go to take this lie down ? con tance : T could not have put it better myself . .77 you kmow goddamn well they get to get you now , : mccabe :. I might make a handsome statue , Madame , constance : the bird will love it . -= you really fix yourself now . mccabe : : come on back to bed , ( continued ) a 2 . 146 ( coat . 1 ) - 147 . '' sbe think about it for a short time and then begin dress . con tance : Jesus Christ . a heros ... dissolve to : int . mocabe's SALOON wight it 's more crowded tonight than we have ever see it . there 's plenty of drink and most of the town have gather bere to drink and gamble , it mist be slow at the whorehouse , for some of the girl be here as well , mccabe be deal faro and the girl from Mrs. Miller 's be fill in at the other table , Patrick sheehan enter , drunker than seven hundred dollar , and mean . he stagger up to the bar . : ' sheehan : a round for the house on Patrick sheehan . he look around at the customer , ( continue ) pretty soon youtll all be back at Old Patrick 's -- ' less I decide to take over hers , he spy mccabe at the fero table and , sway over near to bim , stand stare down . mccabe do not look up . : ( continue ) - mccabe will not stand so tall when they bring some gen-u- ine gunman in , will he , boy ? mccabe ignore bim , but the saloon grow quiet . 8 ( continue ) - I tell they all about you . they get - the word on you and I be here to tell all of you that this here professional they bring in be not go to be stop by the like of pudgy mccabe .. mccabe look up .. . mecabe :- ( deadly quiet ) good night . ( continued ) ae 147 ( con ... ) 148. 49 . sheehan miscalculculate . sheehan : who the hell do you think you be codnight ? you be not nothin' , udgy mccabe , . . mccabe rise and move teward sheehan , who retreat , back toward the doorway , mccabe : . ( hard aad cold ) good night . camera hold on mccabe as he try to piece together what would make someone like sheehan come on so strong . dissolve to : ext , presbyterian church mocabe Day he step from he saloon and move down the street head to - ward the assay Office . a wagon pull up the street head out of town , '' mccube stop to talk with the @river , tiny newcombe . lily sit beside he on the seat , . tiny : go home , mccaba , . a mccabe :. where 's that ? - , tiny ; somewhere away from bere where they do not know that I can not rassle good , .- mecabe :. good luck . the wagon move out . mccabe watch , then move to the assay Office and enter , . int . assay office : beet mccabe approach the clerk , a rather nondescript ramen employee about rirty . , eet ee pe bot * mocabe : . . they be short rating all the zinc to _ lead dow in bearpaw . - ( continued ) 83 . 149 ‘( cont . ) 150 . 151 . C . T bad not beard . mccabe : - ballshit . -- just another way of turn the town against I be what it be . clerk : what can I do about it ? mccabe : . you sould write the governor or something . tell they what 's go on . company cheating we people , . clerk : all I do 4s tell they what it 's worth , man can sell for whatever be see fit . mccaee : ( angrily ) make they take script for it , too . goddamn it , there 's something illegal about that , and you know it , clerk : if you want to make out a complaint , I will be glad to forward it , Mr. mccabe . vert close the clerk clerk : might be some time before we get a answer , though . leng enough , he be sure , for the canplainee to be dead ... ext . STREET Day as mccabe step out of the assay Office onto the street . he reed take only a few step before he realize that something " be not nothing but wrong . '' there be not a SOUND , nor be there anyone else on the street . mecabe tense visibly as be realize that he have no gun . he duck back in the direction of the assay Office , but as be reach for the knob , ' the SOUND of the bol : be slip home stope he . he spin around , a cnarm target for something , -- but what ? back to the wall , he look up and down the desert street , 152 . 153. 154 . 155 . 156 . 157 . 64 . p.0.v. mccabe camera pan the entire length of the desert street . no one . not '' SOUND . the blacksmith be not work ; nor the grocer , the baker , nothing . not even smoke . presbyterian Church be close , moving shot with mccabe he walk up the street . -- he can hardly help but break into @run . when at last he reach a point opposite he saloon , he take another look , he be a truly frighten man , p.0.v. mecabe camera pan again search presbyterian chureh for danger , and find only emptiness . another angle mccabe walk very fast across the street and around the side of bis saloon , safely gain the resr step , he climb they quickly and duck into he bedroom door . : int . bedroom mccabe he quickly strap on he gun , pick up he shot , n , check the load and move to the window . camera flows his look . the window of Mrs , Miller 's bedroom be sbade , no sign of move - ment . oe mccabe : shit ... he assure himself thet he revolver be riding well in he holster and move to the door lead down to he saloon . int . SALOON mccabe the bartender , without a single customer in the place , be polish glass in the fog . as mccabe move down the stair , carefully . mccabe : . where 's hey you ? it have not see he . come to think of it , I have not see a chinaman all day . ( cont inued ) 85 . 157 ( cont . ) mccabe move to the faro table farthest from the door , mccabe : have you see anyone all day ? mccabe be head for the door , but before he get there , it burst open . Brian Kelly and a couple of other miner rush in . they stop dead in they track , have damn near run into the business end of mccabe 's shotgun . after a moment of be - lief share by all ... kelly : he 's come , mecabel . he 's come ! miner : you better get ready . he 's on he way . mecabe : who 's come ? kelly : the company gunslinger they send to kill you . 158 . another angle . there 1s excited ad libbing between the two other miner . they both speak at once so that hardly anything be understand , mccabe : you see he yourseif ? xelly : johnny shield do . mccabe : where be Mr , shield ? '' kelly : telling they down at the iivery stable , mccabe : . that 's nice , kelly : I come right away , mccabe , . mccabe : where do he see he ? kelly : on the bearpaw Trail , : eecabe : then he be not here , kelly : not yet . ( continued ) 158 ( cont . ) 86 . a . mccabb : what sort of appearance do this man have ? . kelly : big. sheehan say he be big and mean . : miner : what be you go to do , mccabe ? mccabe : ascertain what this son-of - a-bitch look like first . miner : he 's a big black -haire fella . '' kelly : shield say he 's get two gun . another miner : dress in black like a undertaker , another : with black and white boot and a white hat , I hear , another : a black hat with the brim turn down , mccabe , mow he 's not go to get a accurate picture of the gunman here , move out . . 159 . ext . " mccabe be " a continuation the three man follow mccabe out onto the porch and ad lib . question that go unanswer as mccabe foe to he horse , mount and ride out . . ad lib : 1 . he have cold , gray eye . 2 . you be the one who start this , mccabe , 3 . this i3 @ responsible community , 4 . we do not want the whole tom shot up om account of you , 5 . ought to mo down and meet he on the trail , 6 . get he while he 's asieop ... : ( continued ) 87 . . 159 ( cont , ) 160 . 161 . 162. and as it occur to the three man that they gunfighter have leave town , we . dissolve : ext . mountain trail mccabe day he ride into scene , dismount and move to the edge of the trail to look over the side . p.0.v. mccabe what he sees par dow the side of the mountain - easily four or five hour away - a lone rider can be see ridingup the trail ... dissolve : int . mrs . miller' parlor night there be no business , blanche , without any talent , be fool - ing around with the piano . Eunice be try to read a well - thumbed magazine and Cindy and mai ling have station they - selve near the front window . they number have increase . ida webster have figure out what she be go to do , they be all nervous , worried , wait ... blanche hit all the key at once , close the lid , stand , take a cigarette from the pack on top of the piano . : blanche : Business be rotten -- connie be have trouble make end meet . eunice : I just read that joke in here and smoke you own for crissake , . she throw down the magazine , take she pack and move away . as she pass ida , seat on a sofa ... eunice : what we really need sround here be another whore , -- what the hell be we go to do for crissake ? she flop into a chair , . slanche : the last thing I decide be to come up here , -- I be go to get something to eat , . ( continued ) 88 . cont . ) 162 ( bunice stand and follow she into the kitchen . : . eunice : all you do be eat and screw . blanche : Hell , be not it ? 163 . another angle mai ling cindy stering out the window . cindy : it 's my night to go over and deal at " mccabe 's , " mai ling : solitaire ? cindy : honest to God , it 's like a goddamn undertaker 's in there now . mai ling : there 's plenty of action over at " sheehan 's , " cindy : so ? - mai ling : we ought to go over there , eunice : connie would kill we . mai ling : you can forget about she and mccabe , too . he 's go to be dead and we be all go to be company whore . cindy : I do not know why I listen to you . mai ling : you want to make some money ? cindy no . I be in this for the romance , mai ling teke some erumple note from she cleavage . not bank note . she show they to Cindy . ( continued ) se 89 . 163 ( cont , ) 164 . mai ling : look , . . cindy : scrip , mining company scrip . what good be it ? | mai ling : Mr. sear tell I pretty soon we would be able to use it just like money . cindy : sear ? mai ling : zi see he over in " sheehan 's " back room -- I be tell you kid , you better start take care of yourself . Cindy move away from she . cindy : you be go the get you ass in a sling , princess , she pass ida on she way upstairs , camera pan , cindy : how 's it feel to be in the big time ? ida : ( call after she ) what be I go to do ? camera move in on ida and hold , dissolve : int . mccabe' salocn the office night where mccabe be seat at a desk - table in semi-darimess , a plate of food uneaten in front of hin . he look up at the ©.s. SOUND of footstep crossing the footbridge between he saloon and Mrs , Miller 's , there 's a enock at the office oor . : : mecabe : come in , Madame . - Mrs , Miller enter . ( continued ) wi 164 ( cont , ) 90 . constance : what if I would have be he ? mccabe : itve learn you footstep , Madame , constance : what be you go to do ? mcca3e : try my best to keep from be assassinate , if the truth be kmown , be you worried ? constance : I come to do the book . mccabe : oh , yes . the goddamn book . you mst do the book , for crisseke , I do not want to leave any loose end . ' she move to where the book be keep and turn the light upe she sit down and peruse they , mccabe take he revolver from its holster and begin to spin the cylinder with a annoying clicking SOUND , : . constance : do you have to do that ? mccabe : yes , constance : why do not you get some help ? mccabe : from who ? . I be the gunfighter . I get the rep . this be my town and my fight . constance : Hell of a time to decide that . -- what about the chiname ? you help they plenty , mccabe : I help . they when it be a help to I . they do not owe I nothing , constance : Danny ? | mccabe : be a bartender ... ( continued ) 91 . 164 ( cont . 1 ) 165 . 166 . 167 . 168 . . constance : see what play with gun get you ? mcca3 e= : constance , I will be back -- I will thank you to turn the light dow before I open the door . angle on mrs , miller as she turn down the light . we hear the SOUND of mccabe leave without another word , faint sign of worry appear on Mrs , Miller 's face after the door be close , and we dissolve : ext , mountain trail night it be the same observation point from which mccabe first see the rider . as before , mccabe move near the edge and look down in the direction he must come , p.o.v. mccabe now , far down the trail , but closer , a campfire glow in the black night , dissolve : int . mrs , miller' bedroom right Mrs. Miller be in bed . mccabe stand look out the bedroom window in he long john . after a beat , he move to the bed and climb in , : mccabe : he 's a cool son-of - a- bitch to camp down there with I up here . or maybe I be just suppose to think he 's campe down there , constakce : it would not ever occu > to you just to get the hell cut of here . mccabe : with what ? all the money 's tie up here , constance : you could sell out , . ( continued ) 92 . 168 ( cont . ) 169 . 170 , mccabe : who would buy now ? Whole town imow the company 's come . . constance : why rot ride down to bearpaw and tell they you reconsider ? mccabe : no. e- when you live in a flat you get to pay the . rent , the rent 's due now and that 's a 1 ] there be to it , constance : I do not know what the hell you be talk - ing about , mccabe : I do not expect you to understand , constance : do not expect I to feel sorry for you , either . . mccabe : I be not expect nothing . constance : you be afraid to , nervous , mccabe again leave the bed and move to the window . as he peer out into the blackness see nothing - and avery - thing -- we dissolve : ext . presbyterian church mccabe day the only person in sight . mot ancther soul visible . mccabe walk easily down the step of he saloon and onto the street of he town . he be different than he be in bearpaw ; ready , competent somehow , he look up the street toward the church , fothing . he seem to be look for a place of advantage , he iook around the side of a building , then between two other and each time see nothing . he start at the SOUND of a mother call hysterically for she son , but beyond thet the only SOUND be the crunch of he boot in the dry dirt , another angle tee scene mccabe move to where the main bridge cross over the ditch , he take first one position , then another . Zach time he {continued ) soe ! 93. 170 ( cont . ) 171 . 172 . 173. 17h . 175 . 176 . 177 . sight the shotgun toward the corner or elitfott 's church and each time he decide that the logistic be not right for ambush . . another angle re slip across the street , sighting at a imaginary enemy up near the church , this apot , too , be unsatisfactory , first he move closer un toward the church , then farther down away from it , and when he have at last decide on the best spot to wait , he move to he horse , mount up and ridea out , ext , mountain trail day as before . more carefully now , mccabe peer over the edge . p.0.v , mecabe still a few mile down the trail , but climb steadily , the rider approach . back to scene mccabe mount up and ride out . ext , presbyterian church mccabe ride ‘in , tie he horse and move to the spot he have previously choose for ambush . it be a spot at the corner of a porch face the street where the rider must pass . nccabe further protect himself by move a rain barrel around ror better concealment and , shotgun at the ready , he setty own behind it to wait , eye rivete to the corner of the urch . '' : dissolve : time lapse . ext , pressyterian church mecabe it *s doubtful he have move from he position . the town be shanen ene empty . mccabe wait , still watch the 2.0. v¥. mccabe the church . very soon , the SOUND of a horse near and a seat later a youn cowboy , riding easily , anpear , 178 . 179 . oh . closer angle the cowboy he be sbout twenty and there be something strapped to he back that we cannot identify in thi« angle . the cowboy rein in and stare at something o.s . he smile , let out a whoop and , draw he revolver , he fire a couple of time in the air . another angle he have see the sign in front of " mccabe 's " and be riding to it . in fact , he start to ride right up onto the front porch in he haste to enter , he do not see mccabe appear behind he , he gun draw . mccabe : hold it , sonny . -= Drop the gun . " sonny " comply . ' mecabe : now back off the porch and get off thet horse . Real easy . mccabe move in closer to see the " gunman " be bowlegge , boy - face , and flustered , young cowboy : wait a minute , mister , -- I do not mean no harm , I be just so goddam @lad to get here that I , . , mecabe : what would - you come here for ? young cowboy : I hear there be the fanciest whore - house in the territory up here , and it 's be so long since I do any oolebrate ... mccabe : pick up you gun and behave yourself , the young cowboy pick it up , nearly drop it , then shove it into he holster so far down he would need help pull it out . yogng cowboy : I be sure plad you do not shoot I , mister , I would hate tc dia without busting my cherry first . mccabe smile , move to the porch , ( continued ) 95 . 179 ( cont . ) 180 , mccabe : would have be a goddamn shame , sonny . a goddamn shame ... mccabe enter the saloon follow by the young cowboy , as the latter enter , we sez that strapped to he back be a banjo , and we . dissolve : int . mrs . miller' bedroom . night both mccabe and Mrs , Miller be fully dress , she lean against some pillow on the bed , mccabe stand by the window stare out . mccabe : town be dead , constance : then stop stare at it . mccabe : I go to know when he come . constance : you will know . half : the town tell you about that cowboy . : mccabe : that 's where you be wrong , Madame . when he really come , nobody will tell I , constance : be you go to stand there all night look out the window ? it 's bad for business , '' mecabe : that 's all you think about , la not it ? constance : ' it 's all I know , goddammit . and if I would nve have any sense I would have get out of here while the get be good , . - mecase : that 's the company whore come out in you . constance : I would rather be a company whore than a dead Madame , : ( continued ) 180 ( cont . ) 161 . 2182 . 183. 184 . 185 . mocabe : Mrs. Miller , you give I a pain in the ass , sometimes . _ constance : then go and nurse it in you own bed and stay out of mine . ext . rear of whorehcuse niget mccabe stomp down the stair , across the bridge and up the rear stair of the saloon to he bedroom , slamm the door shut , as we . dissolve : daybreak he be asleep . camera be at the foot of he bed . suddenly , without apparent reason , mccabe sit bolt upright in bed , fear have aweken he . camera pan he to the window where , stand carefully so as not to make a target , he look out , listen intently . int , mccabe' bedroom p.o.v , mccabe toward " sheehan 's . " there be three horse tie in front , camera zoom to the nearest horse . stick well out of the saddle boot be a very large rifle , a sharp , its eightside barrel glint in the light of the rise sun , int , mccabe' bedroom they be here ! the knowledge of it -- and the accompany fear be etched on he face . he make sure the bolt be in ' place on the outside door and begin to dress . int , SALOON mccabe come down the stair , shotgun ready , look every - where at once . he move to the front window and look down the street . now he begin to move himself around the saloon as he do on the street wait for the cowboy , the bar , the stair , the office door . from each position he try to determine its relationship and advantage to the front door . have decide that it 's the best sossible spot , mccabe move the faro table to a corner of the room farthest from - '' ( continued ) 97 . 185 ( cont . ) 186 . 187 . 188. 189 . the door , no window behind he . he sit behind the table and look the place over from here , p.o.v. mccabe the camera be he eye . he can see the doorway plainly , both in the mirror over the bar and by turn he head slightly . in one angle , a poker table can be see between he and the door . angle mccabe he rise , move the table so that it 's clear of a possible line of fire , take a final look around before move to the front door and ulock it . satisfied , mccabe return to the faro table , place the shotgun on the feel surface in front of he , light a cigar and settles dow to wait . dissolve : ext . presbyterian church day as Danny , mccabe 's bartender , arrive for work . he sense something amiss while he 's tie up he animal to the reil . no one be on the street , though it 's mid-morn . he move toward the open door of " mccabe 's , " a certain reluctance in he step . he pause at the threshold without enter . int . " mccabe' angle in mirror Danny 's reflection stand uncertainly at the door peer into the darken saloon , . mccabe : come in , Danny . Danny enter , not know what to expect . camera move off mirror to hold Danny and mccabe , mecabe : - - they be here , you know . . . : danny : . figure it be something like that , ai not a soul on the street , ( continued ) 98. 189 ( cont . ) mccabe : you can go if you want . danny : they be not after I , be they ? mccabe : you after they ? : danny : no. -- I be not no good with a gun , you meew that ... mccabe : do not worry about it , Danny . I get the edge todey . danny : think there will be any shoot ? mccabe : not just yet . more than likely they will be by to look I over , though , nobody like to go into @ gunfight blindfolded . Danny nod " yes " without really know why and move behind the bar . danny : you want I to serve they ? mccabe : you get the idea , Danny . serve then . danny : T hope I know what I be do . mccabe : one of they have a buffalo rifle the Indians use to call " shoot - today-hit-tomorrow . " Danny nod to this bit of information as well and start get the bar ready . dissolve : 9. 190 , int . SALOON night they have wait all day , Danny be near the front , look out the window , 111 at ease . mccabe look as if he have not change position all day . the cigar in he mouth have go out . Danny move away from the window , suddenly look as if he be ready to wet he pants . danny : they be come . mccabe pick up the shotgun and cock it . Danny stand right in the line of fire , mccabe : move away , Danny -- behind the bar , do not let yourself get between they and I . danny : I do not mind say I be scared to death . mccabe do not anawer . sitting there with a shotgun point at the door seem enough . sound of boot on the step before the batew door swing wide open , " doc " butler , the leader , be a big , white - haire man of sixty - plus . he have kill many time and enjoy it . his eye . move very fast and miss nothing . thumb hook in he belt , sleeve roll up revealing enormous arm . he be unarm . " breed , " of either mexican or indian descent . he 's dress . almost identically to butler . he 's wolf lean , dangerous . he , too , be unarm . he stand just to the leave and a pace behind butler , next to '' he , " xid " stand . about eighteen , he probably have not kill yet and be look forward to it . his clothes ire new and clean and he wear two six - gun strapped to he egs . Patrick sheehan bring up the rear . butler walk directly toward mccabe , breed at he side . kid move to the far end of the bar , sweat a lot . a '' mccabe : that 's far enough . breed move to the wall and lean 2s mccabe cock the other chamer of the shotgun . butler stand about six foot from e to ee ( continued ) 100 . 190 ( cont. ) rogunt a laugh ~ so this be pudgy mccabe . ai not that the way you be call ? pudgy ? . mccabe : it 's a nomer I have go by . . butler : ai not you the man that kill Bill roundtree ? mccabe : that be some time ago . butler : shot he right between the eye , I hear . he be dead before he hit the floor , : mccabe : I shot he four time in the chest , and he die for the same reason they all dle -- no doctor close enough . butler : : I be Dog butler and I kmnow Bill fe roundtree when I be # kid in Texas .. he be the greatest man alive . mccabe : bullshit . <= roundtree be from New Hampshire and be never nothin ! but a pennyante card cheat . there 's a long beat before butler throw back he head and laugh long and loud . butler : do not you believe that I come here the get back at you for kill Bill roundtree ? : mecabe : no. - > ° butler laugh again . butler : you be all right , pudgy . -- you go to buy we a drink , pudgy ? I . ( continued ) ne 101 . 190 ( cont .2 ) 191 . 192 . mecabe : first drink of the day 's always on I . -- Danny ? put up a bottle and ' glass -- one for that scum - bdag at the end of the bar , too . mccabe and butler size each other . up while kid bring the bottle and two glass , pour breed 's drink first , when he pour for butler , the old killer take the bottle from he . kid return to the bar es before . another angle butler swallow he glass of whiskey all at once , pour another , and take a step nearer mccabe to set the bottle on the faro table . mccabe bring he shotgun up sharply -- to butler 's further amusement . mccabe : you do not have no notion that the second drink 's on credit , do you ? butler : how many man have you kill , pudgy ? mccabe : count roundtree ? butler : yeah . : mecabe : one. butler seem to really be get a kick out of mccabe , when he recover from this latest knee - slapper , . butler : give I one of they cigar , pudgy . mccabe : Danny ? -- give Mr. butler one of my cigar . another angle mirror while butler turn he back on mccabe and walk toward the bar , he keep he eye on he in the mirror , mccabe 's ' shotgun follow he unerringly . butler take a ci a light it . 7 '' meen ( continued ) 102 . 192 ( cont . ) 193. mccabe : give Mr. butler 's friend cigar , too . lt they all take one but the kid . butler move back to the faro table , lift a chair up with two finger . he 's still testing mccabe , and when he tense , butler pull the chair back and ' sit in it heavily . new angle favor butler he blow cigar smoke in the air and begin to recite . butler : let I see , now , pudgy mccabe . you still carry that trick derringer in you wrist ? mccabe say nothing . butler : ( continue ) no. -- you probably give that up . how about you handkerchief or under you hat , mccabe merely smile . butler : ( continue ) oh , that 's right pudgy . you get that special colt in that special holster , be not that right ? mecabe : . you get you money on the right card . '' kid : mccabe think he 's some pumpkin , mccabe : be careful not to let you voice erack when you be talk tough , sonny . butler : he be some pumpkin , kid . throw a derby or coffee in you face and go for he gun when you hand go for ' you eye . he 's a smooth talk yankee . ( beat ) but you never go near no big town , no big camp , no place where you might see a first class gunman , do you ? ( continued ) wt 193. 193 ( cont . ) mccabe : never do want to kili nobody again . butler : well now be not that nice ? ai not that nice , breed ? ai not it nice to be up egeinst a@ considerate man like that , kid st they both smile , nodd they approval , butler stand up and lean over the table , disregard the shotgun that have track he . . z BU 's ( continue ) well I be not like that , pudgy . I like to kill . wolf and buffaloe and antelope and Indians and man . «- you kmow what I do when I be out on the prairie and there be not nothing in sight to kill ? I cabe : I would not have no idea . butler : why , I wait until one of they prairie dog stick he head up and then I splatter that head all over the prairie . I wait a whole afternoon once . breed : . ( beat ) I wait with he . butler laugh , reward breed with he approval . the kid be unsure whether to laugh or not . mecabe : any of they prairie dog ever shoot back ? butler laugh again , pour another drink , toss it off and set down the glass . . butler : we be not pay for this drink , pudgy .. he move away again toward the bar , past the kid , who step out between sutler and mccabe . mccabe move oulekly away from the table to ean qngle where butler can not escape the shotgun 's blast . Danny duck behind the bar . butler see mccabe 's advantage in the mirror , ( continued ) 104 . 193 ( cont .1 ) 194 . Mc cabe : what do you do , butler ? get a new kid for every job ? the kid stand uncertain , ready to draw if butler give the word , yet know he will be dead when he do . breed , out of the limelight , stoops slightly try to reach he boot . . mccabe : ( continue ) do not try it . sheehan : ( blurt ) you tell I there be not go to be no fight today . butler : maybe we change we mind . butler move further to one side of the kid . apparently it will all be over at any moment . the kid move a bit , draw the shotgun toward he . over the bar a sign read : " gentlemen will not spit on the floor ; other must not . " . kid : I just spit on you floor . showdown ! another angle _ mccabe move he shotgun off the kid and point it directly at butler , mccabe : if this young man hawk up another , I be go to give you a new asshole . butler think about it briefly before he move over and put he arm around the kid . butler : that rifle of mine shoot eight hundred yard , kid , let mccabe think about that for awhile , -- then we will kill he , he move he head and breed respond immediately , head for the door . butler and the eld follow . the kid go out and butler turn back . ( continued ) 105 . 19 h ( cont . ) 195 . 196 . 197 . 198. butler : pay for the whiskey , sheehan . he can not get the money out fast enough . some change spilis to the floor , but sheehan do not turn back . butler look at mccabe , take he cigar and throw it into a brass spittoon . . angle spittoon the cigar hiss , make a little steam , and we : dissolve : ext , " sheehan be " SALOON day as butler , kid , breed , sheehan move out onto the front porch . breed slouches against the door , kid sit down on the step and sheehan pull a chair out for butler , who sit and look over the town , ext . the STREET p.0.v¥. butler at the far end of the street , - two miner be riding around the corner of the church . that be damn near the extent of . the activity as only the most essential task be be take care of by the population of presbyterian Church . back to scene butler turn to sheehan . butler : get my rifle , sheehan enter the saloon . kid : what be you go to do butler ? butler : unless I miss my guess , this town probably think mccabe back we off last night . we be go to start convert presbyterian Church . sheehan return with the rifle , butler take it , check the load and bring it to he shoulder , etill seat , nw 199 . 200 . 106 . wide angle the two miner have reach a spot just about parallel with " mccabe 's . " two gunshot be fire by butler , neatly pick off the miner ' hat . the shot have cause one of the mount to rear , toss one of the miner to the ground . the other miner immediately wheel he horse around and ride out leave he companion in the street . he hear they laugh down at " sheehan 's " and realize that it 's just a prank , move to pick up the hat , they have fall near one another in the street . but es the miner reach to retrieve it , two more gunshot ring out send the hat skitter away out of reach . int . mccabe' SALOON mccabe stand look out the door , he have not shave , nor have he dress with he usual - care . Danny rise from behind the ber , where he have duck down when the shoot begin . danny : . what be that ? mccabe : ane cane it make it about two -hundre yard . mccabe move to the bar . mccabe : ( continue ) sign ready ? Danny draw a final line on a crude sign , after which he hold _it up and we can read : ope " no gun will be worn inside " danny : be not you efraid that will bring they in here ? mccabe : I be afraid it will not , if the truth be mown , ~ Danny look like he just receive a ransom note , — ° > es 7 danny : you want they to come ?! . mccabe : on I *ll sit on this side of the room x today . -- they expect I to be ge over there , ( cowriiued ) 107 . 200 ( cont . ) 201 . he have move to the opposite side of the saloon , make sure the advantage here still lie with hin . Mc cabe : I do not think sutler will go for it ‘or the breed -- but that kid 's get a one - track mind . <= what 's ' the matter , Danny ? danny : listen Mr. mccabe , no offense , but see how business be pretty slow , I would ... mccabe : you would like to quit . danny : yes , sir . mccabe : well you sure do not owe I nothing , Danny . if you would heng that sign outside on you way out ...? danny : Hell yes , Mr. mccabe -- and I will fix they step the way you want . . -- I just do not want to be in here . mecabe : I will take care of it . catch up with you some time , Danny . Danny hesitates , delay he exit for a beat . danny : Mr. mccabe ? -- I get three day wage come ... he can hardly be fault far that . as mccabe move to get Danny 's money , think probably that if the shoe be on the other foot he would do the same , we dissolve : ext . sheehan' SALOON the group , still amused at the antic of the miner , butler put the rifle up . ( continued ) 106 . 201 ( cont . ) 202 , 203. 204 . 205 . kid : if it be up to I , we would go in there right now and get he good . butler : you do not start nothing until I say to . nothing pudgy would like better than to have it out in he own saloon . now they two miner be not go to be take side with mccabe . what we be go to do be put on a little show here every day until mccabe be not get a friend in the world . -- this be go to be do my way , kid -< '' do not you forget it . int . mecabe' bedroom the bureau have be push against the door as a barricade . mccabe can see the front of sheehan 's place from here . ext , sheehan' SALOON p.0.v. mccabe be the three gunman and sheehan . very soon mai ling and Cindy be see climb onto the porch . butler remain seat as breed , kid and sheehan follow they into the saloon . butler sit calmly look over the town . angle mccabe mccabe : . ee goddamn whore , -- en inane ee swing he eye to look at Mrs , Miller 's bedroom window . cept , a p.o.v , mccabe be : os rie nie a ae . Mrs. Miller 's bedroom window shade have be draw , fsx . ly 206 . 207 . 208 , 209 . 210 . 109 . ext , sheehan' SALOON day butler and breed be seat on the front porch of the baloon . kid stand on the other side of the pond , some can and bottle on the ground beside he . breed have a shotgun and butler he long sharp . the kid throw a bottle up -. in - the air , draw with he right hand , and smashes the bottle in mid-air , . several small boy and a few man be watch from the livery stable , very much impressed with kid . now he pick up a can , throw it up in the air , draw and hit it as before except that this time he bullet have send the can soar higher . in the b.g. breed see the can in mid-air , whip the shotgun up and send it even higher -- only to be top by butler who hit the can squarely with a bullet from he sharp send it higher still . and the procedure be repeat . int . mccabe' bedroom day mccabe , red-ey from lack of sleep and unshaven , lie on top of he bed stare straight up listen to the sound of the gunfire . the shotgun be beside he on the bed , dissolve : int . mecabe' bedroom night he 's stand at the window look out toward " sheeha n's . " sound of laughter and fun come from inside , lack of sleep and tension be take they toll on he . he pick up @ heavy imife , move the bureau away from the door , and open it carefully . int . outside mccabe' bedroom : night mccabe hes drop to he kmee and crawl out on to the stairway on all four . he move down the step about halfway and , alert to the slight sound , mccave take the imife and loosen one of the wooden step . he crawl back up to the landing but , as he start to reenter , he see something inside he bedroom which cause he to claw at he colt , what mccabe sees a pair of man 's boot . 211 . 24 . 215 , 216 , 217 , : 110 , back to scene / mccabe almost fire , until he realize that the boot be he own , he continue into he bedroom , int , SALOON mccabe move down the inside stair carefully , drum-tight , another rigged step squeak as he move downstairs and - bead for the office , mccabe will have plenty of warning 4 for they try for he in he bedroom , int , office : - night just enough light leak in from the saloon for we to see that this room , too , have be barricade , the table shove against the outside doo , mccat move to the window and stare out , listen intently , int , SALOON mccabe move to another of he position of advantage , shotgun in he lap and sit , camera move in close to see he eye dart from side to side . the only sound which can be heard come from the patron of " sheehan 's , " . ' dissolve to : int , mccabe' SALOON : day in the same position , shotgun still across he lap , mccabe be fight sleep - and lose until the SOUND of a run horse bring he quickly to the ready , he rush to the window and peek out , p.o.v , mccabe be xid have ride up the stréet and now wheel he horse around , riding back down it past " mccabe 's " at a full gallop , as he cross in front of the saloon , he draw and fire two gunshot toward the saloon , camera hold on the sign Danny put up , the " I 's , " in the word " inside " have be neatly dot , angle on mccabe he move away from the window and toward the bar and a bottle , he look like hell , no derby , unshaven , clothing ( continued ) 217 ( cont , ) 218 , 219 , 111 , pumple and dirty ; a mccabe we have never see before , he pour himself a glass of whiskey end start to drink it , but catch he reflection in the bar mirror and stop , the @lass mid-way to he mouth , camera follows he look as he move closer to the mirror for another look , from of ,s , the SOUND of the gunfire resume with the occasional SOUND of the shotgun follow by the SOUND of the sharp , mccabe , stare directly into the mirror - . - mecabe : shit ... he move toward the stair lead to he bedroom , again he walk on one of the step rig for SOUND , ' the squeak cause he to spin around and bring up he shotgun , before he realize what make the noise , smile , shake he head and move into he bedroom , ext , STREET kid shoot a few nore bottle and can while a handful of man and boy watch from the livery stable , after a few shot he tire of it and move to the front porch of " sheehan 's " where he join butler and breed , kid : ai not we about ready to take that tin horn ? I be tired of shoot bottle , butler : take it easy , kid , wo not be long now , butler rise , move into the saloon , breed and kid stand alone on the porch , xid : goddamn ! we be suppose to be make mccabe nervous , and I be about to jump out of my skin , breed nod he head toward the street , kid follow he ook , p,o.v , what they see een eer riding around from the whorehouse and past on 220 , 12 , back to scene breed and kid move off the porch and all three man come together on the street , the young cowboy be pack and riding out of town , he banjd strapped to he back , . kid : play we a tune , cowboy , the cowboy rein in and smile engagingly , young cowboy : Hell , I can not play this thing . -- T just tote it around , kid : let mo see it , he slip it off and hand it down to kid , he take it , hold it as though he wer go to play , then deliberately rip out the string , he look up toward the cowboy , breed laugh , kid : damn , he see the rope tie to the cowboy 's saddle horn , kid : ( continue ) let I see you do e rope trick , young cowboy : I do not know how to do any , kid : what the hell cen you do ? young cowboy : I be not learn nothing too good yet , kid take a couple of pace back from the cowboy , eo kid : can you shoot ? breed : butler will not like this , kid : puck butler , -- can you shoot , cowboy ? ( continued ) 220 ( cont . ) 221 , 223. * 113 , young cowboy : ( smile ) '' Bell , yes , I can shoot , -- I just never hit nothing , - that 's all , kid : Hell , it 's probably you gun , -- ( he smile ) - . let I take a look at it for you , the young cowboy , never dream he be about to die , reach for he gun to hand it over , kid draw , fast as lightning , and put four bullet into the young cowboy who pitch off he horse into the street , dead before he leave the saddle , , kid : son-of -a-bitch try to draw on I , . , int , mccabe' bedroom — , night mccabe , dress in he finest , eye clear , shave , hair slicked back , gleam collar and cuff , he set he derby in that jaunty angle , take a final look at himself in the mirror and move out of the bedroom , he be complete - ly unarm , : ext , mccabe' SALOON night he step from the porch and move toward the sound emit - ting from sheehan 's saloon , : trucking shot mccabe as he walk along , know he 's in danger , yet determine to carry . it out , when he have reach the front of " sheehan 's , " he stop and take a hard look for sign of ambush , they be all inside , : another angle mccabe he strike a match and light a cigar , the match illumi - mate the dead body of the young cowboy sprawle in the street in the same position he die , mccabe need no second look to realize he 's dead , he light the cigar and move toward " sheehan 's , " 225 . 14 , int , " sheehan be " mai ling and Cindy be flirt and laugh with kid end breed , they back to the door , sheehan be behind the bar and butler be seat at a table , a bottle of whiskey at he elbow , mccabe enter the saloon and stand in the doorway for . a beat before anyone see he , butler see he first and smile , wonder what the hell mccabe be up to , sheehan. see he soon after and he face be cross quickly with fear , see it , kid turn around , reach for he gun out of habit -- but they be not there and there be a great bruise around he eye , and he face be swollen gro - tesquely , breed turn around and glide away from kid , positioning himself against the wall to the rear of butler , but ( laugh ) you get I to thank for you life , pudgy . if I have not take my kid 's . gun away ... kid : I be not no kid of yours , mccabe : this conversation 's for grow up , sonny , find somsthing to do , butler : he stay , mccabe shrug , walk in carefully , display the fact that he 's unarm , mecabe : guess it do not have to ask who shot down that cowboy , mai ling and Cindy start to move toward the door , mccabe tip he hat , careful to show butler there be no gun in it , : . mccabe : ( continue ) please stay , lady , -- I come over to buy the house a drink , sheehan be greatly affect by mccabe 's audacity , sheehan : do not believe he -- it 's a trick , : , mccabe : set ‘em up . ( continued ) 225 ( cont , ) '' 225 , sheehan look to butler who nod , sheehan set up glass ' land pour , all drink , mccabe propose a toast , ~ mccabe : ( continue ) gentlemen , I give you presbyterian Church , . . . butler : Hell , pudgy -- I be figure : on take it , tomorrow , mccabe : I make it to be tomorrow my own self , sheeban : I propose a toast to the departure of Mr , mccabe , mccabe : sorry , boy , -- can not drink to that one , sheehan : Hell , you do not think you will come out of it alive , do you ? mccabe : everything account for , I would say the odd against I be fifteen - to - one , the first sheeean : : fifteen-to-one ! you sure do not rate yourself too high now , do you ? part of this remark be direct at kid , mccabe : Hell I be bound to take somebody with I , +- I make the odd fifteen - to - one against I not get shot , shot good , and you gentleman know that the mining company be not go to send no doctor up from bearpaw , sheehan ' calculate the odd , then look around the room , sheehan : ai not 1t nice the man 's give up tbe true odd , -- who 's gonna take mm : ( continued ) 116 , 225 ( cont , 1 ) . mecabe : I a , butler rise , cross to mccabe , butler : what be the odd of you get out of here alive ? mccabe : good , damn good , you be suppose to make a fight out of it , butler , make the company look good , if you do not , you probably will not get you money , butler : how do you know I be not be pay already ? '. mccabe ; . prom the company ? <= not on you tintype , --~ besides , if you have any money , I believe you would take the bet , ( to sheehan ) you seem to like the odd , why do not you bet they ? butler : I would say that at fifteen - to - one , you all get a pretty good bet . sheeh . Hell , I could not cover * pteteen - to - one -- not with all the money he steal here , '' mccabe : tell you what I will do , sheehen , I will take five - to - one that I get every one of this son - of - bitch , butler : that 's a even better bet , . sheehan : how much will you bet ? mccabe : five hundred dollar to you twenty - five hundred , ( continued ) nee 117 . 225 ( cont , 2 ) sheehan : Cash ? - mccabe : Cash , sheer a : eell , I do not have no sum like that om hand , I might could scrape up fifteen hundred dollar , mccabe : get it , sheehan : - where 's yours ? mccabe pat he jacket pocket , move to the table end spread he money on top , sheehan move into the back room , mccabe : you wish to be include , Mr , butler ? butler move to the table , butler : I do have a little set aside for my old age , I '11 let you hold it for awhile , five hundred , mccabe cover butler 's five hundred with a hundred of he own , the kid move to the table , kid : who 's go to hold the stake ? . butler : Dealer hold the stake , kid , eid : yat if he try to run out with t butler : ( grin ) we will think of something , kid : I " will take twenty - five , , breed : I , too , ( cont inued } 225 ( sont . 3 ) 8 226 , 227 , 1218 , sheehan return with he money , sheehan : twelve hundred in cash and three hundred in gold , . he spill it on the table , mccabe count and stack it expertly while butler atand smile , . mccabe : pour hundred and ten , he count it all out , then stack the entire presbyterian Church wager and atuff it into he pocket , mccabe pour a drink , toss it off , set he derby , smile , mccabe : gentlemen ? he turn toward the door , butler right with he , when they reach the threshold , butler speak confidentially , tapping the pocket where mccabe put the money , butler : you keep the money right there , pudgy , sot I will know whose body . to take it off of , . , mccabe : t'1l see you tomorrow , . butler ; you might .. , you know pudgy , I get @ good look at you woman , , , mccabe exit , ignore the implication , and we , dissolye : t0 :° ext , footbridge night as mccabe , armed now with both he pistol and shotgun , move warily across the distance between he saloon and Mrs , Miller 's , it bas begin to rain and mccabe wear a slicker , he climb the stair and knock at the door , at the same time twist the knob , the door be unlock and mccabe enter , + 98 ° int , mrs , miller' bedroom bicet she be on the bed fully clothed -- as th h she be wait for he , mccabe remove he slicker , revealing ( continued ) 119 , 227 ( cont . ) 7 that he 's still very well dress , Mrs , Miller be glad ; felieve to see he , . constance : you look nice , except for that damn pistol , and a shotgun , Jesus ! could not you leave it home on you ... they eye meet , neither want to complete the sentence , mccabe : — it would not do no good , constance , constance : I guess not , especially since - that bet , why do you heve to go and make that bet ? mccabe : De not make no difference , I 'ma gambler , constance , might as well sweeten the pot , make it good , constance : I do not know how you get the nerve to go over there , mccabe : do I ever tell you about the time that I get catch by Indians ? constance : you be crazy , mecabe : they come up on I , but I have smell they first so when they come I be smoking a cigar , they walk around I for awhile act crazy so I raise my hand , I tell they I be sorry , but T could not fight they right now until after I have finish my cigar , but thet when I be thropeh , I would be croas - ing the river downstream about a half - a-mile , I know they Indians would not pass up no chance for a ambush , so when they go down there , I ride out the other way , constarce : what the hell have that get to do with anything ? ( continued ) 227 , ( cont , 1 ) 4 . mocabe : just show you that it be not easy to massacre I , constance : what should I do , make a side bet ? : mocabe : I do not want you to worry none , Ho matter what happen , they be not go to be in no shape to bother you ; constance : I ? -- what the hell could they do to I that have not already be do , mccabe : you get a worried leok on you , constance : you son-of -a-bitch , do not you think I could be worried about you ? mccabe : this be no time for a argunent , mccabe take out he pistol and check it ; then begin flipping it from hand to hand , constance : ( shout ) will you , for crissake , put that thing away ! mccabe : I do not know it mean that much , constance : you know I hate the goddamn thing ! he put it away . mecabe : rarr I be sorry , 7 I constance : : 7 = ee I bet you be , ' mccabe : wine I mean it . I be really sorry , ... constance , '' , a 121 , 227 ( cont .2 ) ; 228 , constance : it do not make any difference now , I try all I kmow to get . you to leave , mecabe : I be not no good at sey I be sorry , T be not never be this close to somebody , . constance : I tell you , it do not make any difference , mecabe : it do to I , this last , somehow soft , mccabe : ( continue } you better take they clothes off and get under the cover , . constance : you do not get any invitation , mccabe : I be ask for one , now , if I 2 know how to do Romeo and juliet , I would do it , == and please turn the light down , too , she dim the light very low , they be little more than silhouettes , now , another angle as they undress together in the near darkness , camera , as before miss they nudity , avoid it , not come close to it really , as it move from figure to figure as they undress together . she pause in she undress , mccabe : please do not stop , I get thing _ , T have get to say to you , constance : it 's fust that you never ask I anything nicely before , she resume undress and slip under the cover , 229 . " 230 . '' close mecabe . of he be undress except for he long john . though the light be dim , we see that mccabe 's hand be poise at the top button of he underwear . he begin to unbutton . close mrs . miller she have be hold she breath to see if he will remove he long . he slip under the cover and snuggle against she tightly . constance : John . you do not have to say another word , . mocabe : - if it be daytime , I would go and pick you wild flower . -- turn the light up a little . I want to see you . she reach up and turn it a little brighter , his arm be around she and one hand stroke she hair . ee feel something irregular . mccabe : ( continue ) just here you hair feel funny . I have never feel it before , . constance : I be work with a whiskey wagon one winter and there be no place to sleep - except outside , it get freeze to the ground and they .had to chop it with a be , he kiss she hair right there , and then she eye and she shoulder and she lip and she ear and she kiss he back , John . now ! constance : ohn . now . . mocabe : . listen to I , constance , listen to I . I get poetry in I if you would only listen to I . -- all my life I be walk around with a block of ice in - side I , I have want to feel you body warm for I sometimes so bad that the ache . for it nearly bust I . I never want to do nothing but put a amile on you face . oh God , how I ( continued ) nae '' '' 2ee 123. 230 ( cont . ) 231 . 232. 233. mecabe : ( cont . ) hate for they bastard to put they band on you . Jesus , how I use to hate be over there when I know some son-of - a-bitch be with you over here . oh , God , constance -- '' you be not nothing but the best looker I ever see ... but the word , the word , just do not come , he 's try to say " I love you " end try not to say it too . constance reach up and dim the light again . constance : Love I , John . Love I ... and they begin , camera moving away from they , floating , moving to the window and the pour rain and the rain 's SOUND mix with that of mccabe end Mrs. Miller ... dissolve to : int . mrs . miller' bedroom niget tt be still raining . mccabe stand at the window look out toward he saloon thoughtfully . he 's fully dress include slicker and carry he shotgun . bebind he , Mrs. Miller be asleep on the bed . he turn and look at she for '' time , then open the door and step out into the rain . camera truck with mccabe as he move carefully down the ' step , . ducking under they when he get to the bottom and look intently through the rain toward he saloon . he stare for t 7ene time try to determine if everything be as he have 2 to p.0.v. m6 cabe be through the step , camera ts mccabe 's eye . a light shine behind the shade in he bedroom . other light have be leave burn within the saloon , no movement can be see behind any of the window . camera search for sign of ambush and find nothing , angle mccabe move out and toward the foot bridge , ita wetness reflect the tiny amount of light from the saloon . mecabe decide not to use it and he slide down the side of the muddy diteh , fill now from the steady rain , and acramble up the bank on the other side , 234 . 235 . 236 . 237 . 238. 239 . 224. another angle mocabe run silently to the dark wall between the office door and the stairway lead to he bedroom . he stop there and stare up toward he bedroom door try to look through it . finally he move to the stairway , but stop just short of step up to move around on the ground and check the step be have raise the other day . it hes be depressed . the weight of something have force it almost back to the atep 's original position , mccabe move away back to the step 's original position , mccabe move away from the stairway , camera panning , and reenter the ditch . int . " mccabe be " three cut , of kid , wait in the saloon , divide he time between watch the door for mccabe 's entrance -- and watch - ing himself in the mirror above the bar . of breed , stand to one side of the office window , shotgun point toward the door , of butler , seat on mccabe 's bed , the long sharp between he leg , its butt rest on the floor , the ditch as mccabe move away from the saloon , the town 's main bridge span the ditch some yard from " mccabe 's . " he move under it in the muddy water and scramble up the slippery bank on the other side , another angle mccabe crouch at the corner of the Main Street side of the bridge . his saloon be behind hin now , down to he right , he look around carefully , then move out , new angle from the church as mccabe cross the street on the dead run , open the church door and enter quickly , int . church meccabe out of breath , toeling hunt , he lean back against the door listen for the slight sound of danger , wothing . wow fre begin to look around the inside of the church end '' look of amazement cross he face , 243 . 2k6. 247 . 248 , od 125 , another angle Elliott 's church be nothing more than a shell , a facade . there ts no floor , no pews , no pulpit . absolutely barren , except for a- ladder . the ground have not even be clear , stump and boulder be still there and in one corner a messy area can . be see where Elliott sleep . mccabe move to the ladder and look up . p.0.v , mccaeess — the ladder lead to the bell tower . back to scene if mccabe have thought about Elliott 's church , they will have to be examine later . he starta to climb the ladder , but find it impossible to negotiate carry the cumbersome shot - gun . he lean it against the bottom of the ladder and climb , bell tower the high point in the town : of presbyterian Church . from here , mccabe can see the town as he have never before see it , p.0.v¥.: mccabe' what ke sees his saloon and the other building along Main Street be face he . across from they , the abandon mine , the government building at the far end . " sheehan 's " saloon can . be see across the pond at one end of Main Street , follow along the back street up from " sheehan 's " he see the livery stable , a few dwelling and shop , the rear of Mrs. Miller 's " house " separate from " mccabe 's " by the ditch . the bath house , the mine beyond it , and the shack of the chinese '' section down the slope . there be no movement of any kind , with mccabe most of he energy be concentrate on he place . it 's begin - ‘ning to grow lighter , rain have slowed . Gray day . int . mccabe' bedroom butler grow impatient . he stand , move toward the door lead to the saloon , to 249 . 250 . 251. ' int . SALOON with kid 126 , < he have just draw and shot down several . imaginary foe in the mirror , butler appear at the top of the stair , watchiag ->- butler : . any of they faster than the cowboy ? he move down into the saloon , but : 3 ( continue ) breed ! he appear from the office , butler : I be tired of wait for the prairie dog to poke he head up . kid : I know he would leave town when he get that money , butler : ( tgnore he ) he 's here somewhere . I know it . we be go to have to get out and find he . but first I want to shoot up the place . without a word , breed step to the center of the room and fire he shotgun into the mirror , destroy tt . kid , follow he lead , put on a brilliant shoot exhibition use the bottle on ths back bar for bis target . butler sit calmly watch they as they systematically shoot up and destroy " John q. mccabe 's , " ext . bell tower mccabe listen stoically as he place 1s shot to plece . when ths fire stop , mccabe look down toward he saloon . ext . mccabe' SALOON , daybreak the three man move out onto the street . butler : we will split up . move around the town from different direction . 252 . 253. 254 . 2s . 256 . 257 . 127 . p.0.v.. mocabe ! S he 's too high up to hear , but butler 's gesture make it plain that they be split the town up between they for the search . butler and breed leave kid on Main Street and walk across the bridge , split up on the other side of it . breed will begin he search at Mrs. Miller 's , and that whole street , and butler apparently will begin he in the chinese section . angle mecabe . his eye follow the direction we have see butler take . now they move in the opposite direction ... p.0.v ... mscabe be breed , as he move down from Mrs , Miller 's street , beginning he search on the opposite side of the street , glide in and out of shadow , shotgun ready , miss nothing . camera move off he , pan to MAIN STREET where kid can be see beginning bis search . camera zoom to kid as he move away from camera , he back to we . bell tower mccabe he 's look in the direction of kid calculate the risk of get he first . he make up he mind and atep down ento the ladder , boom shot with mccabe as he climb down the ladder and into the eerie hollowness of the church itself . he reach the bottom and reach around for the shotgun . another angle closer mccabe crouch down feel the dirt floor to see if it have fall , he can not find it . his face cloud , expression puzzle . he rise , camera moving with .him . as mccabe turn away from the ladder , angle widen to reveal the shotgun , hold by someone unseen . it be point directly into mccabe 's face , about three inch away , mccabe can not tear bis eye from the yawn hole of the double - barrely abotgun . mccabe 's life begin to flaeh in front of he . when we can no longer stand it , and the gun ls not fire , nor a word speak , mccabe raise he eye . a soo . ( conpinted ) 128 . 257 ( cont . ) ' mecabe : give I that shotgun , you bible - back son-of - a-bitch . , what the hell do you think you be do ? 258 . another angle 259 . 260 . - to see that Elliott be hold the shotgun - and want to pull the trigger . he do not relinquish it . mccabe : listen Elliott , I need thet gun . that man will kill I if I do not have that gun . I mean it , I can not get close enough to they if I do not have that gun . godammit , what be you go to do ? Elliott push the shotgun closer to mccabe , who move back against the wall . angle on mccabe shotgun barrel in the fig . mccabe : if you pull that trigger , it 's go to bring this fight right in here . t']l be dead , but that three man will come shoot . they will put hole in you church , Elliott . shoot out the window , bullet will tear up the ' door , they already do the same thing to my vlace when they imew I be not in there . what do you think they will do if they think I be in here . give I the gun . -~ it ii take the fight away from here . they will not shoot it up if I be go -- can not you see that ? -- por crissake Elliott , give I the gun ! another angle Elliott push the barrel into mccabe 's face , force he toward the door . when both man have move near it , Elliott @esture with the shotgun for mccabe to leave . . . mccabe : this be the seme as kile I , I can not go up against they without the gun ... it 's murder . that 's a sin ... ( conrinved ) 229 , 260 ( cont . ) 261. 262. 263. 264 . 265 . 266 , 267 . the next gesture Elliott make with the gun be one that con - vince mccabe that he better leave while he can . he make a@ gesture with he hand as if ward off something , turn and exit quickly . close elliott as he raise he eye toward heaven with great triumph .. ext . church mccabe allow himself a moment of great relief , but only a moment . his slicker make too much noise now that the rain have diminish some . he shuck it off , move to the corner of the church and take he gun from he holster , he look at it for a beat ; the hand gun be all he have , wide angle mccabe peek around the corner and look down the street toward kid , whose back be to mccabe as he stand peer between two building , have move only scant yard from where we last see he . mccabe carefully sight he colt in kid 's direction . _ 0 closer angle mccabe he would like to put a bullet in the kid 's back , but the @istance be too great . he look o.s. toward the corner of the bridge . . wide angie . kid do not turn around as mccabe be see in the far b.g. run across the street to gain the cover of the bridge . kid move off down the street a few pace , angle mccabe again he have sighted kid 's back , but the few pace he have pore down the street again increase the distance too much or a shot . : p.0.v , gun barrel as it be sighted on the kid 's back . mccabe raise the barrel , sighting over the kid ; a impossible shot , 268 , 269 . 271 . 272. 273. 27k. 130 . angle mccabe realizing that he must again close the distance between they . he look long at the kid try to anticipate he move . angle kid his gun be draw and he nervously cock and re-cock they , angle mccabe tt be the SOUND of the gun be cocked that help mccabe make up he mind to try and cross behind he , with kid stand still now , watch , cock and re-cock , tense to spin around at the slight sound . behind he , mccabe run from the cover of the bridge , try to cover the SOUND of the mid suck at he boot by timing he step to the SOUND of the kid 's fiddling with he gun . when mccabe take one too many step and the SOUND of the mid suck after he boct be startling , kid hear it . he cock both he gun , but there 's a moment when the kid be afraid to turn around -- and afraid not to . wide angle mccabe have he gun out at arm 's length in front of he . when he cock it , the SOUND triggers kid into spin around , the he eye do not find mccabe in the rain before mccabe re , angle kid hit in the stomach by mccabe 's bullet . he fall backward . ( groan ) oh. both he gun fire as he hit the ground and he try be - peatedly to get back up . wide angle mccabe be run as fast as he can toward the barber shop , phe mud suck at he boot , the only SOUND since the gun - re. os 275 . 276 . 277 . 278. 279 , 280 . 261. '' angle butler . 131 , '' in the chinese section as he hear the shot and run in the direction of they . angle breed stepping from the shadow on the other street , darting across it at the side of the whorehouse and run across the foot bridge . angle mccabe he have reach the board in front of the barber shop , but just as he step up , the mud nearly pull he boot off , in the near b.g. , kid , cover with mud , hat off , propped up on one elbow steadying he gun hand with the other , fire . the bullet hit mccabe in the leg . he fall , get to he foot , force the lock off the barber shop door and literally fall inside . int , barber shop mccabe ' he crawl to the barber chair , pull himself up into it and hold he leg , grimace with pain , blood pour from the wound . ext , STREET butler run across the bridge . he stop to look down the street , then run to the corner of the church . cover now , butler peek around the corner for a look . p.0 , V , butler' the STREET about half - way down , kid lie moan in the street . breed come in sight and start to move across the street . another angle butler see he , butler : nyelie ) stay on that side , you son-of - a-bitch ! he 's on this street , I know it , << T will take the other side , 7 262 , 263. 264 . 285 . 132 . another angle butler at the front of the church as Elliott , attract by the ahout , blunder outside . a lantern be in he hand and the shotgun . butler turn and fire immediately , one shot , closz elliott : butler 's bullet have strike he vitally . as life drain from he eye , elliott : you fuck son-cf-a-bitch . you fuck son-of -a-bitch . you fuck son-of - a-bitch . you fuck son-of - a-bitch , - he fall backward against the door of the church , he lantern smash against it , and kerosene - feed flame lick at the wooden timber . wide angle butler leave the church without look back , run down Main Street on the opnosite side of " mccabe 's " , where breed can be see cautiously pass the shot - out window , butler wave he further down . another angle kid in the f.g. , he leg kick uncontrollably . kid : God help I . please God , help I ... butler move ir near hin , look everywhere at once . be - hind they the church be beginning to show sign of fire . butier : where be he , kid ? - kid : — help I . help I . BT : butler : + ae ameter — sure. sure . where be he ? just point . 7 exd : , . get I a doctor . it hurt . i or '' {comtinved ) ngat - 133. 285 cont . ) . * . , butier : . just show I where he go , kid : help I . help I , . butler : 286 , 287 . 288 , 289 . 290 , 21. shit ... his plea for help continue , grow fainter , then vanish over the follow : another angle butler move to a building for cover , he watch breed , move down the street on the other side , p ,o.v , butler be breed be one building away from the barber shop and move slowly toward it , '' int . barber shop mccabe he have lose a enormous amount of blood . it drip steadily on the floor beneath the barber chair where he be still seat , outside , the day be very gray without suniight and mccabe can see the fire of Elliott 's church reflect in the window across the street , something else he see cause mccabe to spin the chair around . p.o.v. mccabe' camera hold , then 700 ms to the window across the STREET , and breed 's reflection in the glass as he acoroach the barber shoo , he take several step , then stov , several more , then stop , int . barber shop with mecabe he 's wait . gun point through the glass where breed must pass , ext . STREET with breed ee have gain the corner of the barber shop -- then suddenly ( continued ) 13 . 291 ( cont . ) 292. 293. 294 . 295 . 296 , 297 . he seem to lose he place . he walk along right in front of the glass , look down at the footprint and mccabe 's blood spill at the doorway . -~ then he realize , too late , that he be stand in front of the window . he turn , as though to face the bullet that mccabe pump into he , send - ing he - staggering out into the street . int . barber shop hobbling , bleed badly , mccabe struggy for the back door , find it lock from the outside . mccabe throw he weight against it and it give . ext . barber shop rear door as it splinter , and mccabe lose he balance and pitch into the mud , the pain more than he can dear , and groan out loud with it . he struggle to he foot , drop he gun . ext , STREET butler hear the door and able to pin-point mccabe because of it . he race up the street toward the bridge . — ext , ditch area meccabe he and butler be move in the same airection . , the ditch be more shellow here than it be behind he place , another angle mccabe run , fall , bleed , almost unrecognizable except that he derby have somehow remain on he head . in the b.g. the burn church can be see and the reflection of it dance in the ditch water . wide angle include the bridge , the church , the footbridge , " mccabe 's " -- and mccabe struggle to stay alive . butler appear on the bridge , the fire behind he make he look ommipotent . he bring he sharp to he shoulder and fire . mecabe pitch inte the aren and ite , stil in the shallow water of it . er can not see he well enough to fire again and the bridge toward he , a '' 6 anc tune off 298 . 299 . 300 . 301 . 302 . 135 . '' another angle 4 butler run to the spot where 's mccabe pitch into the ditch . near the edge , he keep he rifle ready , but look down , decide it be not necessary . Patrick sheehan appear on the bridge in the b.g. and run toward the ditch , when butler set down the sharp . , / angle on mccabe derby float upside down in the dirty and redden water , mccabe be grotesquely sprawle in the filthy ditch , apparent - ly lifeless . another angle butler , mccabe as he step down into the ditch , laugh . he turn mccabe over in the ditch so he can reach the pocket where he know the money be , butler see the instrument of he death a moment before it kill he . the sleeve of mccabe 's right arm have conceal , until now , a tiny derringer hold in a device often use by gambler . the bullet from it enter Dog butler 's brain through the eye and he die with the amile on he face , another angle wider sheehan rush to the ditch , as mccabe start to pull bim - self out of the mad . he can not believe mccabe be alive . mccabe : sheehan ~~ you never be much of a gambler . sheehan , in a frenzy , pick up the sharp and fire it into pudgy mccabe , . int . whorehouse upstair as Cindy knock repeatedly on Mrs. Miller 's bedroom dog , finally she open it and look in , then close {t and move down the hall . blanche stick she head out the door or she bedroom , cindy : where 's Mrs. Miller ? blanche : she be not bere . . : ( continued ) peer ow le ue tee 302 ( cont . ) 303 . 30k. 305 . 136 . cindy : somebody ought to tell she mccabe be dead , . blanche : she be not here , she close the door , ext . chinese section - day a chinaman move into a half - wood , half - tent building . int . build it be a crude version of the kind of opium de we see earlier in bearpaw . the chinaman address the " chef : " chinaman : ( 4n chinese ) you will have a lot of customer today . mccabe get kill a little while ago . of the. forego , the enly word we have understand , be " mccabe . " the " cher " nod and move with a light pipe toward a bed , camera following , it 's Mrs , Miller 's second pipe ef the day , at least , for she ts oblivious to she surroundings . cur to : int . barber shop as sumner Washington carry in the filthy and shattered body of John quincy mccabe and set hin in the barber chair , several man have follow he in , ad libbing they garble secount of what bappen . , - another man rush in from the street , man : what be you go to do ? sumner : I a go to give Mr. mccabe a fresh sheve , . man : throw a bucket of water on he , for grissake , they want he over to ' sheehan 's * for picture . 307 . 308 . - 137 . ext . " sheehan' SALOON " mccabe be propped up in '' chefr in the f.g. camera pull ' back to reveal a photographer work inside a bleck sloth . - photographer : hold still . another angle past mccabe to sheehan a , smell group of townspeople sre gather . sheehan : nobody 's gott worry no more . this si not gonna be no one - man town like it wes . compeny 'il be comi : in end there 's gonne be the good life like it waa before he come . ( deat ) itll be ecting for the company end we you know you csn eslwsy get e square sheke from Patrick sheehan . ( best ) : . when you do with the picture , ea bunch of you cerry old pudgy over to the ice house . we gonna run he down to beerpaw end meke some money come winter ... . camera move opp rising , panning until it stop once again to view the remain of yet another corpse ea it wes when first we sew it . presbyterien Church . pade out .