I & earl & the dying girl written by jesse andrew base on the book I and Earl and the dying girl ( Harry abram , 2012 ) 5/21/14 full White - page 1-103 6/3/14 full Blue - page 1-103 6/13/14 full pink - page 1-103 6/19/14 rev yellow - page 8 - 11 , 24 , 27-27a , 45-45a , 48 -48 , 54 , 57 , 58 - 62 , 66 , 68 , 71 , 82-82a , 84 , 91-93 , 97-100a , 103 6/20/14 rev Green - page 22-22a , 27-27a , 64-65a , 68-68a , 90-91 medg film LLC 555 grant St. , 5th flr Pittsburgh , PA 15219 int . greg 's bedroom - night a mediocre- look teenage boy , greg , be stare in freeze horror at a computer monitor , the only source of illumination in the room . he be lose in think , and he thought be hell . he type . greg ( v.o. ) I have no idea how to tell this story . his type be labor . greg ( v.o. ) I do not even know how to start it . like : I guess I could use one of that classic story - beginning sentence . he examine the screen . there 's one line write : best of time ; it be the worst of time . '' greg ( v.o. ) ( become agitate ) but what would that even mean ? I mean , obviously somewhere in the world it 's the best of time for someone . int . some guy live room - day '' it be the CUT to : some extremely fortunate guy be benefit from all this thing that greg be describe . greg ( v.o. ) like he 's eat all of this insane vietnamese food that he just get for free and the woman who deliver the food look exactly like the hot girl from pussy riot and now she 's situate in the corner play unspeakably beautiful melody on the harp . while he 's just go to town on that food . so yeah . that 's the best of time . meanwhile , CUT to : Blue ( 6/3/14 ) 2. int . NORTH korean dungeon - night - although who really know what time of day it be in this horrible goddamned dungeon a comparably unfortunate guy be the recipient of greg 's imagine parade of horror . greg ( v.o . ) .»+. some other guy be be torture by the North Korean government specifically by be suspend over a crocodile - infest pool of acid , and because it 's acid this crocodile be just piss , and they be also piping in that gross smell you get when they spill a bunch of milk in the school parking lot , and this beefy torturer dude be just punch the hell out of he . worst of time . check . back to : int . greg 's bedroom - night 4 greg stare screenward . he have type the word , '' I have no idea what I be do . '' he erase they and begin type again . greg ( v.o. ) all right . look . I 'il just start . this be the story of my senior year of high school , and how it destroy my life , and how I make a film so bad it literally kill someone . greg finish type . the screen say : '' I make a film so bad it literally kill someone . '' greg be stare blankly at the screen , again . title card : I & earl & the dying girl . the hot girl from pussy riot be back on harp . int . CITY bus - 6:07 a.m. , first day of senior year 5 greg be slump in a seat , yawn and absentmindedly eat something , as the bus rumble through the darkness . 6pt 6pt 6pt 6pt 6pt 6pt Blue ( 6/3/14 ) 3 . super : the part where I begin senior year . CUT to : i/e . schenley high school - before CLASS 6pt schenley High School be a stately , formidable city block of bar window and desert- color brick . it 's a bit like they make a penitentiary out of a dismantle Gaza pyramid . as greg walk through the school - down hallway , in and out of the band room , etc . - we trail he . in the foyer : 6pt greg approach a lone jock . greg ( v.o. ) I use to think about it this way : like a continent , schenley High School be divide into nation . greg and the jock exchange what 's - up head nod . greg ( v.o. ) jock Nation . in a vast gritty hallway : 6pt greg bump fist with two stoner , smoothly decline they offer to look at a youtube video . greg ( v.o. ) Kingdom of stoner . further down the hallway : 6pt justin howell the theater kid be laugh uproariously and flirtatiously at a thing greg have say . greg ( v.o. ) the people 's Republic of theater dork . in the stairwell : 6pt greg observe , unnotice , as two stoner pelt a jock with ketchup packet and then book it out of there . greg ( v.o. ) in the typical high school life , you belong to one nation , which can never guarantee you total security . in the hallway : 6pt 6pt Blue ( 6/3/14 ) 4. a group of gangbanger smoking cigarettes exchange sullen what 's - up nod with greg . greg ( v.o. ) but I think I find a way out . get citizenship in every nation . get passport to everywhere . in the band room : 6pt greg briefly play the bass drum in a impromptu jam session with four or five band kide . greg ( v.o. ) just be on low - key good term with everyone . casually interact with they once in a while , in a way that be invisible to everyone else . in another hall : 7 Three mediocre -looking girl be in greg 's path . one be quietly but utterly miserable . friend of miserable girl the test be today ? the miserable girl nod , wordless ; she friend hug she fiercely , protectively . greg ( v.o. ) never commit to a interaction that will not be casual or mellow . that 's like send troops to Afghanistan . greg ( cheerily , hastily ) ugh ! test ! I have be there . he speed away -- in the auditorium : 8 greg be watch with polite interest as two gothy dork , include scott mayhew , play Magic card . greg ( v.o. ) maintain relationship even with citizen of the most dick - upon nation . for example , Scott mayhew , the gothy dork I be sit next to here . it take year of cultivation to win he trust . Scott play a card entitle '' common highland berserker . '' 6pt Blue ( 6/3/14 ) 4a . greg ( murmure respectfully ) Scott , nice berserker . icy and sinister , Scott turn he gaze to greg . scott mayhew thank you -- parking lot , step : 9 greg be patiently listen to the violent freestyle rapping of ill phil , a runty neck - tattooe not ’er-do - well . greg ( v.o. ) or the universally ostracize i1l phil . truly , a nation of one . ill phil they call I i1l phil / I will bend you to my will / my will be ill / and my name be phil / for real / greg yeah , that 's good . ill phil ( interrupt he ) take you out back behind the mill / force you to eat a pill / now you like '' what 's the deal '' / '' I just get kill '' greg some great rhyme in there . freeze frame . greg ( v.o. ) this all may appear simple . rewind to the front step of school , where this scene begaipt greg ( v.o . ) in fact , it require thousand of social calculation per second . replay the interaction with the jock and the stoner , again in slo - mo , but this time from greg 's Pov - robogreg sequence . in he field of vision be sci -fi visual : bar and chart . it 's the data with which a high -function autistic person might negotiate the terrifying social world of high school . Blue ( 6/3/14 ) 5 . overlaid be dozen of greg 's voice make observation , bark command , etc . : robo-greg ( v.o. ) incoming : dajuan william dajuan william confirmed incoming classification : jock subgroup 13a scan sightline execute low - key head nod casually terminate head nod incoming : allan maccormick , josh rapaport allan maccormick and josh rapaport confirmed incoming classification : stoner subgroup 4c eye contact confirm with allan maccormick maintain speed ; conceal sightline 12 to 5 o'clock for fist bump 10 11 Blue ( 6/3/14 ) 6 . int . cafeteria —- lunchtime 10 greg , hold a bag lunch , be stand inconspicuously at the entrance of the cafeteria . he be peer at a place of total chaos : crowded , dirty , and lawless . greg ( v.o. ) and there be some place I simply could not go . like the cafeteria . every last square inch of it be dispute territory . it be Crimea , Kashmir , and the Gaza strip all roll into one . also the part of the indian Ocean with pirate . int . mccarthy' office 11 greg be eat he lunch in a teacher 's office , next to a diminutive black kid . above they stand mr . mccarthy , a young teacher with a shave head and arm sheathed in tattoo . he be notable for he paradoxically mellow intensity , and for he love of fact . he be , to greg , the only reasonable teacher in all of schenley . greg ( v.o. ) instead , I always eat lunch in my history teacher 's office ... Blue ( 6/3/14 ) 7 . mr . mccarthy fact : I will be in 309 for the next 20 minute . respect the research . greg earl ( dutifully ) ( chainsmoker 's rasp ) respect the research . respect the research . mccarthy leave . greg hit space bar on mccarthy 's desktop to unpause a youtube clip ( from burden of dream : the making of fitzcarraldo ) . the boy watch and eat , wordlessly . greg ( v.o. ) ... with Earl , whose role in my life I be not even go to try to explain to you right now . madison , probably the hot girl in school and yet somehow also a fundamentally decent person , open a door . madison oh hey guy . greg hi madison . madison greg , how be you summer . she smile and touch greg 's arm . he suppress a freak -out . greg ( v.o. ) one last thing . hot girl destroy you life . that 's just a fact . it do not matter if the hot girl be also a good person . she 's a moose , you be a chipmunk , she 's just wander through the forest , oblivious , and she do not even know that she stomp you head . brief display of image of moose stomping chipmunk back in Mr. mccarthy 's office , greg be attempt charm . greg summer . it 's like ... what do that word even mean ? more '' summ '' ? ( beat ) Winter : same deal ! more '' wint '' ?! mercifully , Earl cut in . earl mccarthy 's in 309 . 12pt1 Blue ( 6/3/14 ) 8. madison ( brightly ) oh great ! thanks guy ! she leave . greg gaze wistfully at the close door . earl ( still without look up ) titties . greg continue to stare , lose in think . CUT to : int . greg 's bedroom - after school 12pt1 tittie be indeed what greg be stare at , on he computer . a knock on the door send he into panic . greg jesusjesusjesus greg 's mom ( enter ) honey ? can we come in ? greg 's parent be in the room now . greg 's mom be a forceful jewish mom . she believe she son be the most wonderful person in the world , and also that she must take frequent intrusive measure to redirect he life . she be hold a shrinkwrapped college directory . because this be a movie , she be probably sort of hot , but not egregiously so . greg' dad , hold the family cat , be a muumuu-wearing classic professor , a man of profound spacey weirdness . he be often make a face of thoughtful concentration . this be to conceal the unfathomable strangeness within . why be he thrust the cat out at greg ? what be the cat 's role in this impromptu family meeting ? unclear . greg what do you want . greg 's mom ( tear shrinkwrap ) first , I be go through you stuff , and I see you have not even open you college directory ! so , please . have a look . Blue ( 6/3/14 ) 8a . greg Mom . do not go through my stuff . greg 's dad we discuss it , and she get to go through you stuff . greg 's mom just have a look ! it 's fun ! it 's like a menu for you future ! ( paging through , theatrically ) what be you in the mood for ? could I interest you in ... Penn State ? pepperdine ? pomona ? ooh -- Princeton ? greg greg 's dad I be not get into he 's not get into Princeton . Princeton . greg 's mom well , not with that attitude . Victor , you be just be hostile because they would not let you bring cat Stevens into Whole Foods . greg 's dad that establishment practice cat apartheid , and history will not judge they kindly for it . greg Mom . be that it ? greg 's mom it 's not . honey ... you father and I want to talk to you about something kind of sad . greg what ? what happen ? Blue ( 6/3/14 ) 9 . greg 's mom I just get off the phone with denise kushner . Rachel 's mom ? you know denise ? greg not really . greg 's mom you be friend with Rachel , though . fb7 flashback - schenley school hallway : fb7 the very sad mediocre - look girl from earlier today ? the one be comfort by she mediocre- look friend ? yes . that be rachel . 12pt2 int . greg 's bedroom - back to the present : 12pt2 greg we be not friend , we be like ... acquainted . greg 's mom honey , Rachel have be diagnose with leukemia . they just find out . fb7 flashback - schenley school hallway : fb7 friend of miserable girl the test be today ? hug of sadness . greg ugh ! test ! I have be there . 12pt3 int . greg 's bedroom - back to the present : 12pt3 greg ( mortify at himself ) oh god. ( beat ) be that serious ? greg 's mom ( beginning to tear up ) oh honey . they do not know . they be do test , and they be gonna do all they can . but they just do not know . Blue ( 6/3/14 ) 10 . greg ( not sure what to say ) that ... suck . greg 's mom you be right . you be absolutely right . it do suck . greg it suck real bad . greg 's mom I know . it suck . it just really suck , really really bad . greg 's dad it suck quite a bit . alt : it suck super hard . she be cry . hesitantly , greg go over to give she a hug . greg 's dad join the hug . he be work the cat into the hug . they be all squat-hugging on the floor of greg 's bedroom . greg dad , cat Stevens be bite I . greg 's dad he 's deeply distraught . the hug stop . cat Stevens scamper angrily away . greg 's mom honey , denise and I agree , Rachel need she friend now more than ever . alt : honey , I be talk to denise . and we agree you be someone who could really make Rachel feel better . alt : honey , I be talk to denise . and we agree , Rachel could really use someone to make she laugh . greg oh. yeah . but , we be not really -- alt : Mom . you have to remember , we be not really -- greg 's mom I know it 's not easy . and it suck . but that 's why you should do it . and need to do it . it 's a mitzvah . just give Rachel a call . Blue ( 6/3/14 ) 10a . greg ( panic ) Mom . what do you want I to say ? hey , it 's that random guy from school who 's never really pay attention to you ? but now you have cancer , so let 's hang out ? greg 's dad that 's not go to work . she 'il think you be be sarcastic . greg 's mom ( beginning to lose patience ) honey ? you really can not do this one nice thing for someone else ? you be honestly tell I that you be -- greg uggggggggggh fine . ( beat ) but you have to stop go through my stuff ! or one of this day , I be gonna go through you stuff . greg 's dad I hope you like tampon . 13 14 Blue ( 6/3/14 ) 11 . int . greg 's house , tv room - five minute later 13 greg be on the phone , and he parent have leave the room . the phone be ringing . intercut with : int rachel 's house - day 14 rachel pick up . rachel hi , this be Rachel . greg hey it 's greg gaine . rachel ( unexcitedly ) hi. greg yo . ( beat ) uh , I call a doctor . he say you need a prescription of greg-acil . rachel what 's that . greg uh. it 's I . rachel oh . greg uh , in convenient gel - tab form . Blue ( 6/3/14 ) 12 . rachel oh . greg yeahhhhh . this be excruciate . rachel so I guess you hear I be sick . greg yeahhhhh . rachel do my mom tell you . greg uh , my mom tell I . rachel oh. greg so , uh. ( beat ) rachel what ? greg what ? rachel what be you go to say ? greg uhhh. rachel greg , what ? greg I be call ... to see ... if you want to hang out . rachel right now ? greg uh ... sure . rachel no thanks . 15 16 Blue ( 6/3/14 ) 13 . greg uh . you do not want to hang out ? rachel no , thanks anyways . greg okay , uh ... bye . rachel bye . she hang up . greg feel like a colossal douchebag . int . greg 's house , tv room —- shortly afterward 15 greg be watch a movie , shameface . greg' mom stomp into the room and switch off the tv . greg Mom . she do not want to see I . they size each other up . greg' mom I be sorry to be the one to tell you this , Gregory , but you do not have a choice in this particular matter because you have be give the opportunity to make a very real difference in someone 's life , and if what you be choose to do instead be just lie around the house all day like a dead slug then I be require to step in and inform you that that be one hundred percent unacceptable and if you think that any of this excuse you be give I be more important than the happiness of a girl with cancer , a friend with cancer , then you have get another think come , buddy , because you be go to pick up that phone , you be go to call Rachel , you be go to greg ( cont 'd ) ( increasingly frantic ) Mom . can I just say something for one second ? ( beat ) Mom . just let I say something . just for like one second . ( beat ) she do not want to hang out with I . we be not even friend . Mom ! we're not even friend . ( beat ) you nonstop stream of word be making I freak out and lose my humanity . I no longer feel like a human . ( beat ) I am now entering a subhuman state . mom . you have made I enter a subhuman state . ( beat ) urrrrrjjjjjjjnnnnnngggggggh urrrrrrnnngngggggggnnnnj jj ext . rachel 's doorstep - ten minute later 16 greg be stand on the doorstep . he look terrify . Blue ( 6/3/14 ) 14 , Super : the part where I meet a die girl the door open . it 's DENISE , Rachel 's mom . denise be a tough woman in impossible circumstance . she look greg up and down . he return she gaze with ill - conceal terror . then suddenly she envelope greg in she wiry arm . DENISE gre-e-e-e-eg . greg ( slightly muffle ) hi Mrs. kushner . DENISE denise , greg . to you , I be denise . greg ( nervously ) okay ! good . denise lead he inside . on a table in a adjoin room be a bottle of something , and a glass . Dr. phil be on . DENISE you be a good kid . you know that ? you be just a sweet , good-heart kid . and handsome . greg I be not handsome , but thanks . DENISE and so modest . greg I be a modest mouse , I guess . DENISE ha . greg . ( teeter a little ) where do you come up with this stuff ? greg that 's just a band name , I think -- DENISE rachel . there 's a modest little mouse here to see you . Blue ( 6/3/14 ) 15 . Rachel appear at the top of the step . she be guard . he be anxious . denise wink at greg and glide away . ammmm . greg Rachel -1-1-1 . rachel greg , what be you do here . greg uh ... so the doctor really recommend a strong dosage of greg - itor . he think you should start take it immediately . rachel you already use that joke . greg no , because last time it be about greg-acil , which , if you recall , come in convenient gel - tab form -- rachel look . I do not want you hang out with I . I do not need you stupid pity . I be fine . you can just go . greg no no no . you have get it all wrong . I be not here because I pity you . I be here because my mom .. ( realize that this be worse ) .-- be , uh ... make I . rachel that 's actually worse . greg ( beginning to panic ) I know . look . uh. I know . rachel just leave , ok ? honestly . I be fine . greg ( desperately ) Rachel . please listen to I . ( he gather himself ) ( more ) Blue ( 6/3/14 ) 16 . greg ( cont 'd ) my mom be go to turn my life into a live hell if I do not hang out with you . she 's basically the lebron James of nag . ( beat ) lebron James play -- rachel I know who lebron James be . he realize he have to beg . greg look . I understand that I be not do you a favor here . what I be ask be for you to do I a favor . rachel you want a favor from I ? greg yes . please . let I hang out with you for one day . I can tell my mom we hang out . then we will both be out of each other 's life . deal ? Rachel consider this with narrow eye . rachel deal . greg Word . he hold out he fist for she to fist bump . but she be at the top of the stair . rachel be that a black - power salute ? greg no . I be go for a fist bump . rachel I can not fist bump you from up here -- greg yes . I realize that now . 17pt1 int . rachel 's bedroom - 30 second later 17pt1 they stand near she bed in she girly room -- the bed be cover in pillow , the wall be thick with magazine cutout of actor . but it 's also somewhat dark and cavelike , and there 's not a lot of pink . Blue ( 6/3/14 ) 16a . they sit down . neither of they say anything . jump CUT to : Blue ( 6/3/14 ) 17 . 17pt2 super : EIGHT minute later 17pt2 they be still on the bed , in slightly different position . rachel so . here we be . hanging out with each other . greg yeah . silence . rachel it 's truly everything I ever hope it would be . greg ( indicate random book on Rachel 's desk ) uh ... sick book . rachel thanks . greg ( indicate bed ) and , uh . lot of pillow in here . how many pillow be that ? rachel I do not know . greg I wish I have that many pillow . rachel so ask you parent for some . greg no , uh ... they have be suspicious or something . rachel that you have sleep all the time ? greg they have probably assume that I be plan to masturbate all over they . a long beat . Rachel study greg. greg study Rachel . she might be charme , and she might be existentially horrify . it 's hard to tell . Blue ( 6/3/14 ) greg ( cont 'd ) they have get some really gross idea about I . ( beat ) but that 's on they . they need to stop get sexy pillow . 17a . Blue ( 6/3/14 ) 18. she know he want she to laugh , and she be not go to give it to he yet . she maintain a admirable poker face . greg reach over and pick up a pillow . greg ( cont 'd ) this pillow be a dude , obviously . but he remind I of a pillow we use to have . francesca . similar coloring . oof , francesca . in the end , we have to give she away . that whole situation be just ... a problem . ( poker face from Rachel ) but there be also a chemistry between we that no one could deny . ( still nothing [ alt : Rachel snort ] ) the world think it be wrong . but maybe the world be wrong . wrong about what could be , between a pillow and a boy ... who become a man . Rachel snort . alt : Rachel burst out laugh . greg ( cont 'd ) or , I dunno . rachel no , that be good . thank you . but the moment be not allow to develop - greg 's phone buzy - greg ( check phone ) oh damn . I be sorry - I have to go . rachel it 's okay . who be that ? greg that be Earl . fb11 18 Blue ( 6/3/14 ) 19 . rachel who 's Earl ? greg look back at phone . on phone : a selfie of earl , menace , and greg 's dad , dorkily content , both enjoy dried cuttlefish . plus the message : where U at ?? dumbass imma eat all ur squid ccut to flashback : int . mccarthy' office - first day of school - lunchtime fb11 we be back to the first day of school , where greg be eat lunch in a teacher 's office with earl . greg ( v.o. ) you may remember Earl from 15 minute ago . earl titties . he continue to eat he lunch , look piss . greg ( v.o. ) so , some people think Earl be my friend . but he 's really not . he 's more like a coworker . I have know he since kindergarten . ext . in front of earl 's house - one day many year ago 18 Earl life in a ramshackle house with gutter fall off . his much - tattooe brother derrick slouches and smoke on the porch . Derrick watch with menace as young greg , wear a backpack , cautiously approach from the sidewalk . 19 20 Blue ( 6/3/14 ) 20 . greg ( v.o. ) his house be a short walk from mine , but in a much tougher neighborhood . his dad 's in Texas , he mom 's a depressed shut - in , and he brother Derrick 's dog , doopie , will definitely eat I someday . Derrick chuckle , snap he finger , and a giant dog explode through the front door , bark furiously . the dog chase greg off - camera . young earl come run out after they . young earl doopie ! doopie , chill . ext . in front of greg 's house - many year ago 19 similar shot , except of a much nicer house in a leafy neighborhood . young greg and young earl stroll up the walk , past cat Stevens , who be asleep . greg ( v.o. ) so over the year , we have mostly hang out at my place . young earl what you get , cat . you wanna fight ? do not think so . punk -ass cat . int . greg 's tv room - many year ago 20 young greg and young earl happen upon greg 's dad , who be watch aguirre , the wrath of God . greg ( v.o. ) my house have better stuff to do anyway . greg 's dad boy , you will want to pay close attention to this . the insane conquistador aguirre be raging through the jungle , in search of a golden city that do not exist . the boy be transfix . on -screen , aguirre be freaking out . greg 's dad ( cont ’d ) it 's a classic of foreign cinema . young earl ( happily ) dude 's get issue . 21 22 23 Blue ( 6/3/14 ) 21 . int . greg 's kitchen - many year ago 21 greg' dad be serve the boy cuttlefish . greg ( v.o. ) in addition to the best film , my house also have the weirdest food . greg 's dad this be cuttlefish , a sea creature much like a squid . it be a favorite East asian snack food . young earl ( chew ) staaaaaaank . greg 's dad yes , the smell be odd and repellent to we western nose . greg ( v.o. ) obviously we come from pretty different background . but somehow we like most of the same thing . int . greg 's tv room - many year ago 22 young greg and young earl be eat more cuttlefish and try to watch the seventh seal . next to they , however , three of they classmate be munch dorito and watch a fourth classmate play PS3 . greg ( v.o. ) and we learn pretty early on that we be the only one who like , for example , classic of foreign cinema . ext . a park near greg 's house - many year ago 23 young greg and young earl be try to recreate a scene from rashomon . Young greg have a camera and a boom mike . Young Earl , dress like a samurai , be sort of spazzing out . greg ( v.o. ) why do we like they ? it 's hard to say . maybe it 's that they be weird and often violent , like we . or confusing and possibly meaningless , like life . anyway , we like they so much that we start make we own . 24pt 24pt Green ( 06/20/2014 ) 22 . int . greg 's live room - many year ago 24pt now we be watch one of they film . young greg and young earl , dress like samurai , be murdering each other and knock over live room furniture . greg ( v.o. ) we have make 42 film . cue quick cut of the gaine / jackson oeuvre , intercut with shot of they make they film : in the gaine backyard : 24pt greg' mom pick herb from the garden - a camera - equipped toy helicopter lower jerkily into she hair , startling she - nearby , young greg sheepishly hold the controller while young earl try to set he straight -— young earl young greg down be up ! down be up . how you keep say that but it you still not get this . make no sense ! on the gaine porch : greg' dad , attempt to grill sweetbread , look down in irritation - he have step onto some track and a camera - equipped tonka truck be bang into he foot - greg 's dad boy ! this sweetbread need my absolute focus ! young greg just try not to walk on the track ! alt : the tonka truck have cornere cat steven , who be swatting at it irately while wear ill-fitting clothes - alt : greg 's dad set the dining room table , oblivious to the melodramatic scream come from outside and abundance of fake blood repeatedly spattering against the window - greg ( v.o. ) they be all pretty horrible , but for some reason we keep make they . they all have the same signature end . Young Earl have murder Young greg . he yell something in a make - up language at the camera . young earl ( subtitle ) life be a meaningless dream , float in eternal silence . ( more ) * + eh Green ( 06/20/2014 ) 22a . young earl ( subtitle ) ( cont 'd ) life be the shadow of death . blackout , plus the giant word , '' now you be dead . '' 25 int . greg 's live room - present 25 greg and earl have just finish re-watching they movie . they be both munch squid . greg 's dad ( from doorway ) truly , one of my favorite from you oeuvre . a mature investigation into the nature of violence . greg dad ! for like the billionth time ! you be not allow to watch this ! greg 's dad shuffles away . earl so . you gonna see that girl again ? greg ( nonchalant ) I mean ... probably . yeah . Earl process this . a sweet little beat . earl you gonna eat she pussy ? alt : gonna play with they titty ? greg no . come on . it 's not like that . Blue ( 6/3/14 ) 23. earl well , that be not right . might be she last chance on earth to be with aman . can not make this about you . greg Earl . first of all , if it 's that high -stake , I probably will not even be able to get a boner . earl do I say shit about boner ? no. ( beat ) now what kinda cancer even be acute myelogenous leukemia . greg you know . Cancer of the ... thing . 26 ext. / int . mccarthy 's classroom - the next day 26 Super : the part where I be even more of a idiot than normal the bell have just rung on the history class of mr. mccarthy . mr . mccarthy okay . class . tomorrow , you must come armed with a epic fact . just one fact . but it must be epic . CLASS . respect the research . CLASS ( half -heartedly ) respect the research . Mr. mccarthy punch he own biceps . mr . mccarthy fact . greg approach he as he classmate file out of the room . greg Mr. mccarthy ? do you know any fact about , uh , leukemia ? mr . mccarthy ( kindly ) yes. leukemia be cancer of the blood and / or bone marrow . greg so it 's pretty spread out in the body . 27 Blue ( 6/3/14 ) 24 . mr . mccarthy own the fact . yes . greg how soon do people die from it ? mr . mccarthy well , it 's often very treatable , bud . why do you ask ? greg you know Rachel kushner have leukemia , right ? this silence mr. mccarthy . also other nearby classmate ( include madison ) . in retrospect , greg have say this way too loud . madison Rachel have what ? int . rachel 's bedroom - that evening 27 greg be back in rachel 's pillow - infest room . she be not happy . he have he head in he hand . greg I be , like , innovatively stupid . rachel everyone be go to find out sooner or later . I just hate have to share everything about myself . greg be try to think of a way to help . greg I be the exact same way . check it out . one thing you can do when you do not want to deal with people be just enter a subhuman state . Rachel look at he expressionlessly . greg ( cont 'd ) here , pretend you be someone annoying . rachel ( impersonate a annoying classmate ) hi , Rachel . I be really sorry you have cancer . Blue ( 6/3/14 ) 25 . greg ( cross -ey , sort of zombie- like ) urrrrjj jjjunhjh uuhjjghjnj gnngnngh Rachel do not know what to think of this . it 's definitely cute . it 's also deeply stupid . rachel do that ever work ? greg it work all the time . it 's passive resistance . that 's what Gandhi be all about . rachel I be pretty sure Gandhi never do the subhuman thing . greg how do you think India achieve statehood ? try it : uurrrnng mnnurrrrjjrjjjj - rachel ( smile ) nope . greg come on ! it 's easy . or another thing you can do be just flat - out pretend to be dead . check it out . say something annoying to I . rachel ( impersonate another annoying classmate ) hi , Rachel . I just want you to remember that you cancer be all part of God 's plan . greg be be flamboyantly dead . Rachel be enjoy this . but behind she head , a cut - out of hugh jackman glare at greg . hugh jackman yo. asshole . just so we be straight on this : you be advise a girl with cancer to pretend to be dead ? greg ( nervously try to ignore Hugh jackman ) urrngh Blue ( 6/3/14 ) 26 . hugh jackman no , seriously . think about what you be do here , dickhead . Jesus . greg be now lie there with a horrify look on he face . hugh jackman ( cont ’d ) I have be do my broody wolverine face on this girl 's wall for five and a quarter year , and at this point I be probably only still here because she have feel weirdly guilty or disloyal take I down , but I be goddamn if I be let a little punk like you waltz in here stupide up the place -- rachel greg , what 's wrong ? greg uh ... ( foolishly ) sorry , I should not have tell you to pretend to be dead . it be really insensitive . rachel I mean ... I be sick . I be not die . greg ( panic ) no yeah obviously but now I be be all weird about it , and I can not get un - weird , because I be just a idiot and despite what you just say I be clearly still sit here think '' death death death death death '' -- suddenly Rachel enter a subhuman state . rachel huuurnnrnnnrnnh hurrnrnnrngghjh greg process this . for the first time in he life , a girl have understand he . greg that be exactly what I am talking about . Blue ( 6/3/14 ) 26a. greg ( v.o. ) so if this be a touch romantic story , this be probably where a new feel would wash over I and we eye would meet and suddenly we would be furiously make out with the fire of a thousand sun . Green ( 06/20/2014 ) 27 . Rachel stop the subhuman state . they eye meet . there be no makeout session . greg rachel anyway ... yup. greg ( v.o. ) but this be not a touch romantic story . but we do still become friend . Super : the part where Rachel and I become actual friend a.k.a. the point of no return 28 ext . rachel 's house - backyard - day 28 begin montage . day pass . super : day 2 of doomed friendship greg .-- Daniel Craig 's thing be , he 's get a accent , so he 's use to talk with he mouth in a weird shape . so that 's why he have this pouty lip like a woman . 29 int . greg 's kitchen - night 29 super : day 4 of doomed friendship greg .-- lickable technology , like I could text you a sandwich . I think that 's where phone be head . greg and rachel walk into the dining room , where greg 's dad , greg be mom , and earl be eat dinner -- greg 's dad ( to Rachel , indicate greg ) he have a button on the nape of he neck , under the skin . push it if you need he to stop . 30 ext . rachel 's house , FIRE escape - afternoon 30 super : day 7 of doomed friendship % + h hk silence . Green ( 06/20/2014 ) 27a . greg animal just live in we home and everyone 's cool with it . animal . rachel it be kinda strange to think about . greg you be too good of a listener . when we hang out , I do a insane amount of talk . 31ptl Blue ( 6/3/14 ) 28. rachel ( giggle ) you just have a lot more to say than I do . greg it 's quantity versus quality . the stuff I have to say be idiotic . have you not pick up on that ? I guess actually you be a terrible listener . anyway , you talk now . rachel '' I talk now ’? greg like , about stuff ... that you be like go through ... this day ... rachel oh . you mean , talk about cancer . greg only if you want to . he really want to be a good friend and listener . he just have no idea how . Rachel take pity on he . rachel I can give you 5 minute of cancer . end montage ext . street of rachel 's neighborhood - a few minute lairr1 rachel the hardest part be watch my mom try to deal with it . and sometimes , I mean , I do think ... if it end up that she 's alone , in that house ... she have no one . she and my dad hate each other , she have no sibling ... I do not know what she have do . Rachel be somber , but dry -ey . greg uh ... do not cry . rachel I be not cry . Blue ( 6/3/14 ) 29 . greg right. ( beat ) you can cry if you need to . rachel I think you just say do not cry . greg uhhh rachel ( rescue greg ) my dad and I use to walk around the block and count squirrel . greg ( genuinely confuse ) do he work for , like , the squirrel census ? rachel no . it be just the thing we do , when it be time for we to spend time together . we do not even talk while we be do it . the only word we say be , like , '' squirrel . Seven . ... two squirrel . nine . '' greg you need to apply for a dad refund immediately . 31pt2 int . copacetic comic - later 31pt2 rachel and greg 's conversation continue in the aisle of a cluttere , venerable old comic / record / movie store -- rachel so what group be I in ? Blue ( 6/3/14 ) 30 . greg what ? rachel yesterday you be say , you have mapped out the entire high school by group . so what 's my group ? greg seriously ? ( beat ) bore jewish senior Girls subgroup 2a . rachel ( disgust ) ugh . greg please appreciate how honest that be just now . rachel you be a asshole . what group be you in ? greg I be not . I would not belong in any group that do not suck . I be terminally awkward and I have a face like a groundhog . rachel you can not really think that ! greg I do not think that , I know that . for a kid like I , best - case for high school be , just survive . that 's all you can hope for . survive without create a mortal enemy or hideously embarrassing yourself forever . rachel just survive until college , huh . greg College ? College be go to be even worse ! rachel what ?! 32 Blue ( 6/3/14 ) 31 . greg at least high school be over at three . and it 's kid I know by now . College be nonstop stranger ! some of they live in you room ! you can literally never relax . I see myself die of a panic attack two week in . I might just not apply . rachel that 's the dumbest thing I have ever hear you say . greg it 's probably not even top five . look . High school , college ... we be force to spend this year of we life in giant herd of randomly select people we have nothing in common with . it 's a nightmare . anyone who say otherwise be lie . Rachel gaze at this weird kid with the self - esteem deficit . rachel ( decisively ) congratulation , greg. tomorrow , you be eat lunch with bore jewish senior Girls subgroup 2a . greg maybe you be not such a good listener . int . cafeteria - the next day 32 now rachel and greg be wading through the horrifying chaos that be the schenley cafeteria . rachel so where do you usually sit ? robo -greg be Pov : greg 's system be go haywire . his field of vision be disastrously cluttere with label and data . the giant red word '' system failure '' be flash over everything and make that burmp burmp burmp sound that mean that a computer be about to explode . back to the third - person : greg it 's literally like we be try to have lunch in Kandahar . Blue ( 6/3/14 ) 31a . they sit at a table with anna and naomi , two of Rachel 's nondescript - looking friend . anna Rachel , we just find out the theme of this year 's prom ! it 's '' a knight to remember . '' Blue ( 6/3/14 ) 32 . naomi knight with a '' k . '' anna medieval prom-m-m-m! greg be not prom like six month away ? they turn they gaze to greg . who be this schmuck who 's gonna talk trash on medieval prom ? rachel hi guy . greg 's sit with we today . anyone need ketchup ? no ? Rachel go to get ketchup , leave greg to fend for himself . greg hello . naomi ( fake-nice ) so greg , why be you sit with we today ? greg uh ... you know . lunch . gotta sit somewhere . you can not stand and eat . naomi you and Rachel seem very ... friendly all of a sudden . naomi be patiently , cleverly devise some sort of rhetorical trap . Anna do not share this patience or cleverness . anna yeah . you be only hang out with Rachel because she have cancer . greg what ?! naomi greg , you have never hang out with Rachel once . you be befriend she to feel good about yourself . it 's okay . you can admit it . greg no ! I be not ! who even do that ? enter madison hartner . she touch greg 's arm . a moose stomp a chipmunk Blue ( 6/3/14 ) 33 . madison hi guy . can I sit with you ? Anna and naomi gaze at she with coolness , if not hostility . but rachel have re-arrive with she ketchup , so they can not be mean to she outright . rachel of course . greg be relieved that someone else have show up who be more of a irritate do - gooder than he . madison put a pillow on the table . madison sorry , I have to carry this pillow around and pretend it 's a baby . for health class . this be a safe place to put it , right ? rachel ( playfully ) a pillow ? greg , what do you think ? greg ( try to play along ) yeah , you better not put it too close to I , because I might , uh , just masturbate all over it . no one understand this inside joke except greg and Rachel . a horrify silence settles over the table . anna greg , that 's weird and gross . greg panic . he need to change the subject . he see scott mayhew lope clumsily around , he trench coat flap . greg um! everyone ! check out Scott mayhew 's tyrannosaurus walk . great way to get from point a to point B. I think we should all try it . success ! Rachel giggle . emboldene , greg continue . greg ( cont 'd ) also love the trench coat indoors . Climate change ! you never know . scatter giggle . this be actually work . greg go in for the kill . 33 Blue ( 6/3/14 ) 34 . greg ( cont 'd ) and will someone please tell I what be up with this guy 's hair ! it look like a orc 's pube ! no one laugh . oh Jesus . madison greg , that 's really mean . rachel I think he hear you ! he do . he be stare at greg coldly . they gaze meet . greg grab he stuff and flee . int . mccarthy' office - a few minute later 33 greg be sweaty and out of breath . earl be eat a lunch of airhead , skittles , Coke , and some chocolate chip cookie . greg ( v.o . ) and just like that , eight year of carefully cultivate invisibility : gone. fin. greg ( take a cookie ) you mom make cookie ? earl won they off Ill phil playin tonk . tire a whoopin he dumb ass . greg why be it even call scholar horizon biology ? it should be call scholar horizon tonk or sometimes Paper football . mr . mccarthy enter , hold he thermos . mr . mccarthy Earl . greg. earl greg sup mccarthy . hello , Mr. mccarthy . mr . mccarthy Earl . fact : that lunch be garbage . Blue ( 6/3/14 ) earl least I be not eatin no funky seaweed - lookin ... tentacle soup . alt : spermy dishwater soup . 34a . Blue ( 6/3/14 ) 35 . mr . mccarthy indeed , I be just come in here to replenish the oracle . from a tureen on he desk , Mr. mccarthy ladle soup into he thermos . mr . mccarthy ( cont 'd ) boy , behold wisdom 's very source . gaze into the water of the oracle . greg and Earl peer into the tureen . Earl 's description be accurate . it be a funky seaweed - look tentacle soup . mr . mccarthy ( cont 'd ) it 's vietnamese . they call it pho . earl lemme try some one time . mr . mccarthy ( close pot ) can not give you food . totally verboten . try thuyen 's saigon flavor in lawrenceville . tell they to put it on my tab . earl ai not goin to no lawrenceville . mr . mccarthy ( gently ) greg . how you hold up , bud ? this be clearly a question about Rachel . greg do not know how to fight the implication that he and Rachel have a thing . greg holding up ? good . but not great . but I mean , stuff in general , up and downs , take it as it come . life have many facet . so ... amen . mr . mccarthy amen . you owe I multiple essay . and that be a fact . gentlemen ! greg and earl respect the research . Mr. mccarthy beam , thump he own abs , and leave . greg and Earl immediately ladle soup into they mouth . greg people just assume Rachel and I be dating . and it 's ruin my life . ( more ) 34 Blue ( 6/3/14 ) 36 . greg ( cont 'd ) today I threaten to sexually assault a fake baby . then I become mortal enemy with Scott mayhew . both of that be Rachel 's fault . I be sorry . they just be . Earl stare at greg , like , greg . do not be a dick . greg ( cont 'd ) ( rebelliously ) but somehow I be the dick for complain about it . Earl double down on he disgust stare . greg ( cont 'd ) ( back down ) I mean I be a dick for complain about it . I do not actually mean any of that . earl better play with they titty . greg do this taste strange to you ? CUT to : int . math CLASS - later that day 34 greg be sit in class . something be wrong with he . he be stare dully forward , a look of mute horror on he face . slow agonizing zoom on he face , score to the eerie , melancholy descend chord of movement xiii . , '' crucifixus , '' of the mass in B minor by j.s. bach . splice with greg 's Pov of the teacher , dron distantly and unintelligibly as if underwater . greg' classmate all seem to be stare at he . a cartoon badger image flicker over he field of vision . the buzz of he vibrate phone frighten the live shit out of he . greg look at he phone . Earl have texted he a message : that soup have drug . greg look up at the teacher in horror . super : the part where I accidentally be on drug the bell ring . greg jump to he foot . then , immediately , he fall down . 35 36 Blue ( 6/3/14 ) 37 . int . hallway - moment later 35 greg be in a crowded hallway , attempt to make he way out of school . his eye be wild and he movement clumsy . splice with he robo - greg Pov , which be distort and malfunction . the badger image continue to blip over he field of vision . sometimes the badger have tentacles . robo-greg ( v.o. ) incoming : two guy guy confirmed incoming classification : uhhh badger : input not recognized execute pigeon dance error : terminate pigeon dance incoming : eighteen people oh GOD system error : two badger just don ’t look at anyone extreme system error don't fall down or look at anyone suddenly and frighteningly , earl be right in front of he - earl mccarthy must put weed in that soup . because I be light . greg oh my God . I be suppose to go see Rachel . earl you do that . I be goin to you house and grubbin on all you dad 's food . greg no ! you have to come help ! earl help with what ? greg help !! omitted 36 37 Blue ( 6/3/14 ) 38 . int . CITY bus on the way home - ten minute later 37 greg be still wild - eye , glance around suspiciously , and try to be less conspicuous by slouching in he seat . this behavior be extremely conspicuous . earl try to distract he -- earl in class do mccarthy act all stone and shit ? greg uh. I guess he , uh ... not all the time , but like , sometimes ... or not sometimes , but ... you know how he be , he 's uh ... huh . earl goddamn , son . you can not even put a goddamn sentence together . greg it 's insane that Mr. mccarthy eat soup with drug in it . earl keep you damn voice down . indeed . sitting behind they be scott mayhew . he have hear everything . Blue ( 6/3/14 ) 39 . 38 ext . rachel 's doorstep 38 greg and Earl be stand on the doorstep . greg ( unnecessarily whisper ) we can not tell anyone we be on drug . earl why the hell not ? beat . greg because then they 's 1ll know . denise open the door , sway a little - DENISE it 's my humble little mouse ! and who be he little mouse friend ? neither greg nor Earl say anything . then they both say something at the same time . DENISE ( cont 'd ) sorry ? 39 Blue ( 6/3/14 ) 40 . earl ( too loud , borderline confrontational ) Earl Jackson . greg Earl 's just , uh , you know , he 's my coworker , and he 's a great guy , and we be just hang out , uhhh ... and not really do anything , and Rachel 's about to lose all she hair , so we just want to say hey , you know , what 's up . Goodbye , hair . good riddance . because she be gonna look great without hair . that 's a fact . so we just want to say , what 's up . but denise be not sober enough to realize they be be weird . sure . DENISE rachel ! we have get two cute little mouse boy on we doorstep . ( flirtatiously ) would you like a little cheese ? greg earl naw , we good . int . rachel 's bedroom —- moment later 39 rachel be guard ; earl , unreadable ; greg , malfunction . rachel hello , Earl . earl hi , Rachel . I like you room . rachel thank you . greg think it 's too girly . greg no ! this room be great ! what be you talk about ? earl course it 's girly . it 's a girl 's damn room . my room be not get no picture of James bond in no thong . greg ( laugh nervously ) but if it do ... that have be weird . Blue ( 6/3/14 ) 41 . a uneasy silence . earl so Rachel . we come to check up on you . rachel thanks . greg yeah , chemotherapy . that really suck . earl ( shove greg ) dude . do not say it suck . rachel it do kind of suck . earl yeah , but you gotta do it , so ... rachel I guess . by this point Rachel and Earl be both stare at the ground . clearly greg have to say something . greg uhhhhh . Earl and Rachel look at he expectantly . greg literally cannot think of a thing to say . he open he mouth and hope word will come out . greg ( cont 'd ) buhhhhhh . rachel ( beginning to sound tearful ) you guy can go if you want . greg panic . greg we be on drug . earl ( face in hand again ) goddamn . rachel why be you on drug ? Blue ( 6/3/14 ) 42. greg we be accidentally on drug . rachel accidentally ? earl mccarthy give we some of he soup -- greg ( hastily ) Mr. mccarthy give we some of he totally normal soup . but it be , uh , the last of the soup . so we have to go get more . from a restaurant . on the fifth floor of a office building . and in the same building there be a jamaican embassy . no one know where this be go . greg ( cont 'd ) we get trap in a elevator with a rastafarian . he just hotbox the whole elevator . we be in there for 25 minute . we have to breathe the weird marijuana air . Earl . be I right . Earl be utterly disgust . but he have to go along with it . earl yeah . that 's what happen . but thank God : Rachel think that this confuse , lie boy be be kind of sweet . rachel you guy have quite a adventure . greg be on drug suck ... and then be around someone on drug suck ... this whole situation suck super bad and it 's all my fault -- earl man , shut up . makin errything about you druggy ass . ( to Rachel ) I be in the mood for some damn ice cream . you like ice cream ? 40 Blue ( 6/3/14 ) 43 . ext. / int . table outside ice - cream place 40 earl and rachel be chat . greg be utterly absorb in he ice cream , hold it several inch in front of he face . Super : the part where it turn out Earl hold nothing sacred rachel so you know greg from class ? earl I know greg ever since we be little . you know I be in y’all 's kindergarten , right ? rachel really ? earl yeah . I remember you . you be the girl who call Justin Jones pervert , for show girl the birthmark on he butt . rachel oh my God ! yes ! earl dude come run up to you . show you he butt . you be all calm . Said , '' Justin . only pervert show they butt . '' I be right there . rachel it 's amazing you remember that . earl you be a hero . shut he pervert ass right down . never forget it . rachel so you and greg be coworker ? earl naw , we friend . he just hate callin anyone he friend . dude 's get issue . rachel yeah ! he do ! what 's go on ? earl man , I do not even know . might be he folk . dude 's mom always tellin he how handsome he be , which ... he be not . ( more ) Blue ( 6/3/14 ) 44 , earl ( cont 'd ) so he think he can not trust nobody who 's close to he . dude 's weird - ass dad do not socialize with nobody cept the cat . so that 's a role model be not get no friend . bottom line , dude 's terrify to call anybody he friend . because they might say , hold up , bro . I be not you friend . and then he have have to kill himself . rachel wow. ( beat ) but how be you '' coworker '' ? Earl regards she and silently come to a decision . earl well , we uh ... we make film . rachel movie ? earl yeah . we be makin they for year . we make like 42 film in total . rachel greg , you never tell I ! greg 's Pov : Rachel 's voice be indistinct , underwater . he can not hear much over the '' murmf ormf rumf '' sound of he own rapturous eat . also the beautiful harp music be play . back to third - person : greg nod briskly , go '' mm-hmm , '' and go back to eat . earl we be not tell nobody about they . they suck . I mean , they be terrible . rachel there 's no way they suck . again , Earl appraise Rachel before speak . earl well , you can see they for yourself if you want . Blue ( 6/3/14 ) 45 . rachel ( know that this be a big deal ) be you sure ? earl Hell yeah ! do not even worry bout it . just do not be tellin nobody . rachel of course I will not . Earl stand up , pull greg up with he . earl aight , son . get on you foot . greg sound good . ( beat ) where be we go ? 4l int . greg 's tv room - twenty minute later 41 the three of they be watch a gaine / Jackson film . earl be stony - face . rachel be enjoy it hugely . greg look ill . 42 ext . sidewalk in front of greg 's house - afterward 42 rachel be about to walk back to she house . greg be still despondent . earl we can walk you home - rachel ( indicate greg , happily ) he need to recover , and you probably need to help . alt : I think you guy might need some alone time . earl that 's true . she hug Earl , and turn to greg - rachel greg thanks . sure . she walk away , radiant . Blue ( 6/3/14 ) greg ( cont 'd ) goddammit Earl -- earl Son , do not even start . 45a . 43 Blue ( 6/3/14 ) 46 . they sit there in silence , Earl serene , greg fume . greg' dad appear behind they and mutely hand each of they a pig 's foot to eat . greg ( v.o. ) so we be pretty far into this stupid story now , and you be probably say to yourself , '' hey . I like this girl Rachel , and I be gonna be piss if she die at the end . '' so I be just tell you : do not freak out . she survive . when I say someone die , I mean someone else . so hopefully that reassure you . although actually , why would it . int . mccarthy' classroom - a few day later 43 mr. mccarthy sip from he thermos . mr . mccarthy guy . I be ask for one fact . this be probably the easiest thing you have be ask all day . anyone . no one have a fact . great . i’1l just call on you at random . Scott . Scott mayhew be not psyched about be call on . fortunately , he have a focal point for he irritation . scott mayhew fact : greg be tell everyone that you soup have marijuana in it . the class now be stunne / giggly . greg I do not tell anyone !! scott mayhew greg , you be a liar and a coward . I hear you bellow about it on public transit . mr . mccarthy greg ? be that factual ? greg ( defensively ) look . I be sorry . but yesterday , Earl and I get stone somehow . and it be after we both eat you soup . ( more ) Blue ( 6/3/14 ) 47 . greg ( cont 'd ) and we do not smoke any marijuana , which I never have do . so , you soup must have have drug in it . because that be the only thing we both eat , other than the cookie that Earl get from Ill phil ... the , uh , drug dealer ... aha . 44 ext . in front of the school - that afternoon 44 greg and earl be exite the school together . greg how do you not realize it be the cookie . earl it be you stupid ass yellin shit on the bus ! but behind they , the principal , and a security guard burst through the door , escort a angry , struggle ill phil off the premise . ill phil greg ! do you snitch on I ? greg what ? no , of course not . scott mayhew have position himself nearby . scott mayhew ( to Ill phil ) he do snitch on you . I be there . greg Scott , what the hell . Scott draw close to greg . he be a lot taller than greg . scott mayhew I hear you ridicule I in front of you loathsome harem . ( whisper intensely ) greg , I trust you . you betrayed my trust . you trample my dignity . greg it be like one time . scott mayhew you have make a mortal enemy . I will never stop hound you . 45 Blue ( 6/3/14 ) 48. ill phil you get two mortal enemy . ( whisper into greg 's other ear ) I stab a dude . greg Jesus . ill phil ( break determinedly into a flow ) kill you twenty different way / stab you with blade / shoot you with death ray / abandon you in a maze / choke you on mayonnaise / the security guard drag he away . greg and Earl turn to Scott mayhew . scott mayhew he , too , will never stop hound you . Scott mayhew spit on the ground near they and stride away . ext./ int . rachel 's house / bedroom - after first round of chemo — november greg be visit rachel , and try not to freak out about how bad she look . she be wear a fuzzy pink hat . her eye be red-rimme and she skin be pale . Super : the part where I hit on a girl who just have chemo greg .»+. so it 's be a month , and they have not really do anything , but they do say , they be never gonna stop hound I , so , sooner or later , y'know ... gonna get hound . rachel ( distractedly ) mmmm . greg look around . all of the horizontal surface of she room be overflow with flower and card . greg sorry . next time I 'il bring flower . ( more ) Blue ( 6/3/14 ) 48a. greg ( cont 'd ) although where would I even put they ? the only place leave be the barf bucket . Blue ( 6/3/14 ) Rachel do not laugh at this . greg ( cont 'd ) ( helpfully ) ha ha ! Flowers , where you barf . still nothing . greg ( cont 'd ) so , nice hat . it 's pretty cute . she look at he . then she erupt , miserably -- rachel look . I be never very beautiful . and that be fine , because that 's not important to I . but I think it have be easier - - to look like this , and it 's just not . everyone come in here and see I -- and they be so clearly repulse -- and it 's so much harder than I think it would be -- greg no. come on . you look good . rachel I look ugly ... I be so ugly , greg. ( gather herself ) I just feel very naked . I feel like my body 's on display , like some terrible exhibit : girl with Cancer . ( thoughtfully ) it 's you worst nightmare actually , be expose like this -- something shut she up . she stare at greg . he be nervously fondle she boob . 49 , she close she eye , and for a moment he think it be because she be enjoy it . but she be not . rachel ( cont 'd ) greg ... no . greg I be not do this because it might be you last chance to be with a man . I be do this because I can not control myself . ( beat ) I want to play with that titty . Blue ( 6/3/14 ) rachel ( now really start to break down ) ( more ) 49a , Blue ( 6/3/14 ) 50 . rachel ( cont 'd ) everyone feel like they have to lie to I -- and no one realize how insulting that be -- everyone think they be help -- and they be not -- greg sorry . okay . it would just be helpful to know what you want . rachel there 's nothing you can give I . it 's fine . just go . they lock eye . he close he . then he rummages around in he backpack . he come up with a dvd , beat . and hand it to she . greg ( mutter ) this one be call mono rash . it 's base on rashomon . by kurosawa . the plot be just Earl kill people . because he have a rash . from mono . the std . it 's really not very good . ( beat ) the fight scene at minute 26 be probably the best part . rachel you do not mind someone else watch you movie ? greg of course I mind ! I have rather be torture by North korean ! but ... you know . another beat . then Rachel smile . rachel you want to play with this titty . greg I do . both titty . they be both equally great . her smile broaden -- greg ( cont 'd ) I should go . we be suppose to work on we homage to apocalypse now. ( beat ) ( more ) Blue ( 6/3/14 ) 50a. greg ( cont 'd ) our be call a box o’ lip , wow . so . that 's even worse than mono rash . ( more ) Blue ( 6/3/14 ) 51 . greg ( cont 'd ) I should just stay and talk you out of watch this -- rachel no ! I ‘’1ll be fine . go make it . greg I mean , we really should not . it 's a war movie , where the two main guy take part in the unspeakable brutality of war and then find a box of tulip . box o’ ' lip . yeah . they find it and be wow . they just can not get over how great this tulip be . so , '' a box o’ lip , wow . '' the worst part be , tulip might not even be in the budget anymore - rachel please . greg okay . he do not move . a beat . greg ( cont 'd ) have fun watch this incredibly terrible movie . rachel have fun make the next one . ext . earl 's backyard - afternoon 46 greg and earl be have a heat production meeting . Earl be dress in a makeshift soldier outfit , complete with gun . greg have a armful of paratrooper . derrick , seat on the porch with a leash doopie , watch they with disdain . greg ++. so you be tell I we have no tulip and no explosive . earl doopie eat they . derrick ha ha . doop 'd. Blue ( 6/3/14 ) 52 . greg of course he do . okay . I will get explosive , you get tulip , meet you back here in a hour -— earl aw hell no . c’mon , man . I get a problem set - greg I too ! I have get like twenty ! I be not gonna do any of they . I just ... have they . Earl ponder they predicament . earl ima pitch you on something : do we need tulip ? greg I can not believe I be hearing this . Earl . it 's a box o’ ' lip , wow . the box of tulip be the entire point . ( spiralling out ) we be gonna lose the light , you brother insist on be in the shot - derrick I be the key grip ! alt : ( bane voice ) when it be do , and gotham be ash , then you have my permission to die . greg - dad 's use the good camera , that dog always freak I out , this be a nightmare , why be we do this . madison oh my God ! be you guy make one of you movie right now ?! what . where the fuck do madison come from . she be lean against the chain - link fence , beam at they . all three boy stare at she : greg in horror , Earl in confusion , Derrick with undisguise appreciation . madison ( cont 'd ) oh my God . I be on set right now . I can not handle it . action !! cut !!! Blue ( 6/3/14 ) 53. greg this be not a movie ! it 's just a ... ( what could this even be ? ) I have be kidnap !! earl ( ignore greg ) madison what you doin round here ? madison ( let herself into the backyard ) I be just visit Rachel , and she be watch one of you secret movie , and first of all , I have to say it be so so sweet of you guy to let she see they . she would not even let I see they ! so I know they be 100 % a huge secret . greg I have not actually be kidnap . madison I know . this be the biggest secret ever . greg , I be just so touch by how good of a friend you be be to she . greg decide that now be the time for excessive modesty . greg I be not that good of a friend . madison no , really . greg . you be be a good friend to she . greg no I be really not . madison be you serious right now ? greg . she tell I . that you have be a great friend . greg she be probably lie . earl greg. Hell 's wrong with you . accept a damn compliment . derrick ma you want my number one time ? Blue ( 6/3/14 ) 54-56 . madison no thanks . anyway , I track you down because I have a huge brainstorm and I think - what if you make a movie for Rachel ? brief blackout with the word '' now you be dead . '' greg that 's not a good idea . madison it 's a amazing idea . it would be she favorite thing in the entire world . please just think about it ? greg look at Earl . Earl look at greg like , this be you problem , and you need to deal with it . greg Word . Earl wince . madison do you just say , '' Word '' ? greg yeah , word , like , I agree . madison so you agree ! to make a movie for Rachel ! aaahhhhhh she clutches he arm . moose chipmunk stomping . madison ( cont 'd ) ( leave ) oh my God I can not wait to see it . I have to run . you guy be the best . Rolling !! that 's a wrap !! ha ha ! the boy watch she go . derrick titties . earl yup . 47-51 omitted 47-51 52 Blue ( 6/3/14 ) 57 . int . hospital , lounge - second round of treatment - early 52 december - day greg , hold the enormous college directory under one arm , find rachel in the hospital 's cheery modern lounge . she be watch one of he movie on she laptop . she pause it as she approach . rachel ( happily ) '' droogle '' ? greg Google for droog . it 's stupid . greg be in a foul mood . rachel ( indicate directory ) what 's that ? greg oh , nothing . just the bane of my existence . which my mom be force I to carry around . until I apply to some college . she say it 's like a menu for my future . sure . a menu that only have food that will humiliate you for four year . so it 's kind of a mexican standoff , in which I carry this thing around forever , until my mom have irritate I to death . which will happen in , top , two day . beat . rachel you have to be less of a idiot about college . listen . even if you do not think you classmate will like you , which be literally a insane thing to think , you be way less expose to they in college . High school be 40 hour of class a week . College be 15 - 20 . and if you do not want to live with other kid , go to school around here ! go to Pittsburgh State ! live at home ! do not get I wrong . I think live at home would be unnecessary and stupid . but it 's better than sit college out just because you irrationally hate yourself . Blue ( 6/3/14 ) 58-59 . greg ( cow ) not '' irrationally , '' though -- rachel just apply to Pitt State right now . apply early . ( she nod at she computer ) do it right now , in front of I . let 's get this out of the way . greg what if I say no ? rachel I have get stage four cancer . ( beat ) so that would be pretty dick . greg uggh fine . they sit down . he melodramatically take she computer and begin type : greg ( cont 'd ) '' why I want to go to college . '' ( defiantly , to Rachel ) by Werner herzog . Rachel shrug : bring it on . greg ( cont 'd ) ( Werner herzog voice ) the highly selective admission process of college weed out the cruel and the stupid . and so a college be quite different from the senseless chaos and sicken enormity of high school . High school be the mouth of a great demon , bite and chew and smush people in the face . it be simply overwhelming . ( drop the herzog voice ) in seriousness , I be look forward to college because I never fit in in high school . because of my weird rodent face - rachel nope - beat . Blue ( 6/3/14 ) 58-59a . greg and habit of say the dumbest possible shit - rachel no ! greg the sheer pastiness of my complexion overwhelm all who behold it with existential nausea - rachel ( override he ) '' in high school , I never truly get comfortable in my own skin . in fact , I have always be someone who do not like himself very much . but I think that just mean I have some grow up to do . and college be the place where I be go to do it . '' greg ( deeply uncomfortable ) that 's way too personal . rachel it 's a personal essay . greg Fine . but only because , cancer . ( briskly type ) and , you have to do this too now . okay ? here . page through this huge horrible book . it 's yours now . find some college . mmmmmmmmmm . it 's like a menu for you future . 53 54 a55 55 Blue ( 6/3/14 ) 60 . done type , he thrust the college directory at she and page randomly through it . Rachel smile at he . rachel can I finish my movie first ? omitted 53 omitted 54 ext . rachel 's house - after the second round of chemo - a55 early december - day greg sit on the front step ; DENISE 's car pull up ; greg go to help Rachel out of the car . int . rachel 's bedroom - after the second round of chemo - 55 december montage - the day melt into each other . fall become winter . greg and Rachel watch movie together . Super : Day 24 of doom friendship 56 57 Blue ( 6/3/14 ) 61 . on the screen : Earl be rizzo from Midnight cowboy , under a blanket , dead on the bus to Florida ; next to he , cowboy - hatted greg be extravagantly freaking out . on rachel 's bed : greg be hold popcorn ; Rachel hold a barf bucket . int . greg 's house - after the second round of chemo -— 56 december - day greg and Rachel watch movie . Super : Day 31 of doom friendship on the screen : Earl be Jean - Paul belmondo in the last scene of breathless , run spastically down the street . in the BAY window : greg eat popcorn ; Rachel , look a little better , nibble some too . int . hospital , rachel 's room - third round of chemo -— 57 JANUARY - day greg and Rachel watch movie in she hospital room . Super : Day 45 of doom friendship on the screen : a gaine / Jackson film ( tbd ) . at the hospital : Rachel , look worse , have fall asleep . greg look over at she . he fade the volume to silent , take the barf bucket out of she hand , and pull she blanket over she . he pull out he phone and check he email . he have one from Pittsburgh State University - admission dept . it begin , greg gaine , we be pleased to ... he be happier than he think he have be . but he have no one to share it with - Rachel be asleep . so he do a awkward silent fist pump . '' now you be dead , '' the movie tell he . he have a sudden worry . discreetly , he put he hand over she mouth , to see if she be dead . she be not , thank God . end montage Blue ( 6/3/14 ) 62 . 58 int . schenley school hallway - one day in JANUARY 58 greg be walk through a little - use corridor . a random girl be put up medieval decoration in the hall . random girl buy ticket for prom ! a '' knight '' to '' remember '' ! only four month away !! greg ( to himself ) why be there even quotation mark around '' remember '' ?-- greg be ambushed by madison - madison greg ! Rachel say you get into Pitt State early ! greg oh ! yeah . clearly they 'il take anybody - madison I get in too !! aaahhhh she hug he and dance around -- he be overjoy but also nervous that he will get a boner -- moose psychotically jumping up and down on chipmunk madison ( cont 'd ) so how 's the movie for Rachel come ? greg ( panic ) uh ... good. but Pitt State ! can you believe it ? and we get prom ! ... in four month ! madison I know . but I be the most excited to see you movieeeee aaahhhhhh greg ( terrify , feign joy ) aaaaahhhhhh 59 Blue ( 6/3/14 ) 63 . ext. / int . greg 's kitchen - that afternoon 59 earl be eat pate . greg be freaking out . Super : the part where I try to convince Earl to help I make the worst Film ever make greg ... so if we make this film , people will be like , oh , greg and Earl , they be that weird filmmaker . they be always creepily filming stuff . they probably sneak up to you house at night and film you while you be asleep . earl ( chew ) this be nasty as hell . greg but people probably already think that . because you give that stupid film to Rachel . so basically I have become completely conspicuous , like , all the time . people look at I , they think , filmmaker . when they be not already think , cancer girl 's boyfriend . earl ( examine container ) the hell even be this . this taste like a dog 's funky - ass butthole . greg furthermore , we agree to do a film , that we do not even have any idea what it should look like , or sound like , or be . what the hell film can we even make ? ( more ) 60 61 a62 Green ( 06/20/2014 ) 64-65 . greg ( cont 'd ) what be I think ?! earl you be think , that girl madison get big - ass titty . I like the titty . and now , you get a problem . you agree to this shit , not I . greg be you not gonna help I make this ? Earl stare he down while eat another pate- laden cracker . earl the hell we gonna make , son ? greg just something that say , Rachel ! hey ! keep live you life ! ( beat ) it do not suck ! earl just gotta make it look like it do not suck . greg that 's the thing . omitted 60 omitted 61 int . copacetic comic - day a62 greg' dad explain the boy 's mission to a griz*le old employee - greg 's dad they want fresh inspiration . I must tell you , the richest inspiration I have ever know be during my period of quarantine in the amazon , where I and a half - dozen other unfortunate have nothing to watch but the bristle , leviathan spider bunched on the rotting , flimsy thatch perhaps eight foot above we face . spider the size of you fist . ( more ) + HH hhh HH Green ( 06/20/2014 ) 64-65a . greg' dad ( cont 'd ) they fang glisten with venom and they thousandfold black eye shine dully in the gloom . and all the night long they would battle the wasp . in the darkness you would hear a sudden anguish hiss as a spider be strike by a adult leopard wasp , and in they mortal struggle they would plummet onto one 's bed , bite and sting and thrashing and - - as earl and greg split up and peruse the aisle of movie with terrific intensity . greg slow down in a little zone of experimental filmmaker - eame , fischinger , brakhage , mayslese , warhol . intercut he scrutiny of they dvd case with snippet of the animation themselves , as he replay each in he mind 's eye . clutch handfuls of this dvd , he look over at Earl . Earl brandish some godzilla knock -off . greg shake he head . Earl nod , like , yeah , I know , but godzilla be still the fuck best . + HH hhh HH 62 Blue ( 6/3/14 ) 66 . int . rachel 's live room - afternoon 62 earl be work the camera while greg , hold a notebook , be attempt to interview DENISE , who be openly drink . ( rachel be in the hospital for she fourth round of chemo . ) it 's not entirely clear that denise know that they be make a film , or care . greg so , denise , can you tell we a little about Rachel 's birth ? DENISE Rachel 's birth . what a ordeal . ( beat ) greg , listen to I . listen . I have be a good mother to she . some single mom , they kid have to grow up too fast . but I have try to protect she from that . I have . greg uh , right . DENISE and now I be learn , some thing , you can not protect you kid from . no matter what you do . denise sip from she glass of bourbon , she gunmetal eye reflect some tiny part of the crush horror of it . greg so do she have a favorite toy ? DENISE promise I one thing . you be gonna grow up , become a adult . promise I you will not have a baby unless you be ready to love that baby 's mother , you whole life . greg so , no favorite toy . DENISE '' toy '' ? here 's a toy . scissor . Bill leave and she round up all he precious old book and cut they right up . do not tell she I tell you . I be like , atta girl . snip , snip , snip . ha . denise start pour drink for greg and Earl . 63 64 Blue ( 6/3/14 ) 67 . DENISE ( cont 'd ) have a little taste with I . you be old enough to have a little taste . omitted 63 int . auditorium - after school 64 the room be empty , save for greg and earl sit in chair with clipboard and a student , sit in a chair , face a camera on a tripod . greg be try to mask how depressed and upset this be make he . Earl physically can not stop scowling . greg «+. so just think of it like a get - well card , except it 's a video . and start whenever you be ready . testimonial student # 1 ( with glib , smiley insincerity ) uh. hi , Rachel . I guess I do not know you that well , but uh ... I believe in you . ( beat ) you can do it ! that be all that this kid have to say . earl ( sullenly ) that 's real nice . Pov of camera on tripod : 65 66 Green ( 06/20/2014 ) 68 . testimonial student # 2 it 's so sweet that you boyfriend be do this for you ! he must really love you . ( greg say something inaudible offscreen ) oh . testimonial student # 3 I know you be jewish , but I just want you to know , God have a plan for you . testimonial student # 4 ( can not stop cry ) testimonial student # 5 greg 's a fag . I guess he 's in love with you , so that make he bisexual or something . I hope they find a cure for whatever you have . ( to greg , offscreen ) that 's all I get , fag . testimonial student # 6 , 7 , 8 ( jump cut ) I believe in you . I believe in you . I believe in you . you can do it ! int . greg 's bedroom - later 65 greg and earl have just finish watch the footage . earl ( eventually ) damn . int . rachel 's bedroom - directly after FOURTH round of 66 chemo - february - afternoon rachel sit stiffly on the bed . greg sit next to she with she barf bucket on he lap . they be watch a gaine / Jackson film , but she 's not enjoy it as much as she use to . so he 's not enjoy this , either . +e * hf Green ( 06/20/2014 ) 68a . greg ( v.o. ) so again , if this be a touch romantic story , we would obviously fall in love , and she have say all the wise beautiful thing that can only be learn in life 's twilight or whatever , and then she have die in my arm . but again : that 's not what happen . she just get quieter , and unhappier . Blue ( 6/3/14 ) 69 . greg finally can not be quiet anymore -- greg hey . how be you feel , for real . rachel for real ? I be feel like you might have be right . greg right when ? rachel back in October . when you think I be die . greg ( gut / try to recover ) oh. well . I regret think that . rachel do not regret it . this be so miserable that greg actually have to make a joke . greg urrrnrrnnnngh . ( after no response ) urrrnnnrnrnnnnnrnggggghggh . rachel what be that noise . greg regretful polar bear . against she will , Rachel snort - laugh a little bit . greg ( cont 'd ) polar bear have the purest expression of regret in the animal kingdom . listen to how haunt and plaintive they sound . urrrrnnrnngh . rachel do not make I laugh , though . it kind of hurt . greg ( sadly ) all right . a long beat . greg ( cont 'd ) kind of a monster silence in here . Blue ( 6/3/14 ) 69a . rachel yeah . it 's okay to just be silent for a while . greg find it difficult to be silent . he fidget and squirm . he start make a hum noise . greg ( v.o. ) look . I know you be really brace for this sweet girl , that you probably like a lot , to die . ( more ) 67 68 Blue ( 6/3/14 ) 70 . greg ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) just please bear with I . she do not . she get better . I promise . int . greg 's bedroom - the next day 67 greg and earl be create a abstract stop - motion animation . Earl be create little CUT - out from felt or construction paper . he be dissatisfied with each one . greg be arrange they painstakingly under a camera on a tripod , consulting the complex sketches he have make to guide this process . stop -motion animation - week go by 68 super over the frame of this animation : Day 86 of doom friendship , Day 87 of doom friendship , Day 88 of doom friendship , etc . each day be about a tenth of a second . greg ( v.o. ) this be pretty much all I remember from that winter . entire month of my life , where all I remember be make a shape move around ( alt tbd ) . and yeah , I be aware of how cosmically depress that sound . 69 70 Blue ( 6/3/14 ) 71 . ext./ int . rachel's house / bedroom - multiple day / night 69 jumpcut of greg walk to Rachel 's house , enter she room , leave she room , leave she house , wait on she doorstep as denise 's car pull up ( back from the hospital ) . greg ( v.o . ) I mean , obviously I remember visit Rachel too . what I do not remember be do schoolwork . I be not exaggerate when I tell you that I do literally zero schoolwork during this time . I mean , literally zero . that 's actually sort of hard to do . int . rachel 's bedroom - after 5 th chemo round - april - day / 0 rachel look terrible . there 's no way to get around it . rachel so what 's go on at school . greg the entire school look like a castle , because medieval prom be about to happen . I guess everyone be try to figure out how to twerk , like , medievally . rachel be you go ? greg of course not . rachel you should go . greg no way . have you see I in a tux ? it 's like when they make a dog wear human clothes . it just make you sad to look at it . anyway , I do not have anyone to go with . greg realize that he be talk to a girl . greg ( cont 'd ) ( with great effort ) I mean , uh ... unless you ... want to , uh ... rachel greg , I be not go to prom . Blue ( 6/3/14 ) 72. greg no , you totally could . it could be this awesome statement , like -- rachel ( cut he off ) hey . when be you gonna finish you movie ? greg my movie ? you know I be not work on a movie . rachel you do not have to pretend . Earl 's be tell I about it . somehow it hurt a lot , that this surprise have be ruin . greg he ... yes , I guess he probably do . rachel sorry . I be just ask because -- greg goddamn Earl . it be suppose to be a surprise for you . it 's just take forever , because we really want to get it right -- rachel I think I be probably gonna stop treatment pretty soon . it be very quiet in the room for a moment . greg what ? rachel it just be not do I any good . all it 's do be make I even sicker . greg yeah , but if you stop ... he can not finish this sentence . rachel we will just see what happen . greg we know what 's gonna happen . Blue ( 6/3/14 ) 73 . Rachel study he . rachel I know who you can take to prom . greg who ? rachel this sexy pillow here . greg oh my God . please do not make joke right now . I can not deal with that . rachel oooh , greg . this pillow 's name be francesca . she 's a filthy italian woman . greg stop it . it be the first time he 's ever shout at she . rachel do not yell at I . greg so you be just gonna give up . that 's it . to hell with college . to hell with the future . rachel greg , do not -- greg you be just gonna give up and die . what the hell be wrong with you ? it 's you life . rachel ( spur to anger ) yes , it be my life . and it 's I lie in bed all the time , with a shave head , and get weaker and uglier and more miserable , with no hope in sight -- I be the one suffer through this , not you . so do not yell at I . they be tremble with anger at each other . Blue ( 6/3/14 ) 74 . greg I be sorry . I be not go to get comfortable with watch you die . I be just not . so do not ask I to . rachel if you can not accept that I be go to do what I want to do , with my life , then you be a terrible friend . greg I be a terrible friend ? I be not give up . I be not ruin my friend 's life by give up on the whole world . rachel please . greg , you should be overjoy . now you can go back to you life of be invisible and detach and self-hating . greg yeah and you can go back to you life of be dead . rachel Nice . really nice . greg this be gonna kill you mom . so you have get comfortable with that ? it do not bother you anymore , think about you mom ? rachel get out of here , greg . you have do you time . you do not have to hang out with the sick girl anymore . greg how can you -- how can you even say that ? rachel you mom force you to hang out with I . Earl force you to show I you movie . madison force you to make a movie for I . so yeah . what part of any of that do you actually want to do ? greg open he mouth -- but he have no response to this . Blue ( 6/3/14 ) 15 . rachel ( cont 'd ) do something nice for I for once . and get out . 71 ext . sidewalk - directly afterward 71 greg be walk to Earl 's house , through Earl 's dilapidate neighborhood . he be mutter furiously to himself . all of he anger and frustration be now channel at Earl . Super : the part where I get in my first fight ever greg earl. earl . this be it . you have go too far . you have leak the unleakable secret . because you hold nothing sacred . because you be a dickhead . a tough-looking kid watch greg pass . greg ( cont 'd ) the foundation of any good work partnership be trust . I can no longer trust you in any way . he take a clumsy trip step on the break pavement . he begin to hyperventilate . greg ( cont 'd ) you will leak anything to anyone . it 's like work with Julian ... assange . greg do not know how to pronounce '' assange . '' this only serve to infuriate he further . greg ( cont 'd ) ass-andge . ( beat ) assangggeh . ( beat ) dammit . a72 ext . earl 's house - later a72 greg thumb Earl a angry text . earl 's brother derrick saunter out onto the porch , with doopie on a leash . derrick Hell you want . greg I be just wait for Earl . Blue ( 6/3/14 ) 75a . Derrick eye greg . so do doopie , growl . greg 's anger be now vie with he fear . it be a relief , but not really , when Earl appear . Blue ( 6/3/14 ) 16 . earl sup . you gonna come in ? greg no , I be good . derrick oh no . uh-oh . earl the hell you want , bro . greg uh , I be just talk to Rachel , and she , uh , tell I you tell she , uh , about the uh , the film . we be make . for she . earl yeah ? greg you be like , uh , Julian ass-andge . earl the shit be that . greg it 's just , you know , I mean , you always do this , because you want to be a better friend than I or something . so you just tell Rachel about everything , and it 's like , it do not even matter what I want . earl you know what ? shut the hell up . you need to shut the hell up right about now . I be tired of this , man . I be about to lose my shit with you . Earl advance down the step of he porch on a increasingly trembly , weepy greg . greg ( try hard not to cry ) I just , I can not trust you , and I do not know if I can work with , with you again -- Blue ( 6/3/14 ) 77 . earl naw . shut the hell up . you care so goddamn much bout what other people think , gotta go round kissin errybody 's ass pretendin like you they friend , well lemme tell you : nobody give a shit about you . nobody ... give a shit . derrick whoop he ass ! earl and now this one girl come along , the only girl that do give a shit , and you start whinin and bitchin cuz I tell she about the damn film . bitchin and complainin because somebody care about you shit . damn . derrick bust he candy ass . earl goddamn I be sick and tired a watchin you treat this girl like a burden . she be about to die . you know that , right ? that girl be about to die . meanwhile you come to my house whinin and cryin bout some irrelevant bullshit . goddamn I want to bust you ass . I want ... to beat the hell out of you right now . greg go for it . earl you want I to ? greg I do not care . earl bitch , you want I to ? greg yeah , Earl , I want you toooongh Earl sock greg in the stomach . greg immediately keel over . derrick yeah ! jack that little dude up . 72 Blue ( 6/3/14 ) 78. but Earl do not jack that little dude up . he storm back inside he house , furious . wheezing and choke back sob , greg get to he foot . he look at the house . Derrick gaze coolly back at he . derrick ( cont 'd ) I ’da whoope the hell out of you . int . mccarthy' office - the next day 72 greg be sullenly eat alone . mr. mccarthy walk in to refill he thermos . mr . mccarthy Beast . where 's the other beast ? greg Earl ? I do not know . he 's not here . Mr. mccarthy gamely try again . mr . mccarthy what 's the status with the twenty - pager on Nixon ? greg I need another extension . mr . mccarthy it 's the end of the quarter , bud . greg well , I have be busy . Mr. mccarthy observe greg . mr . mccarthy ( more quietly ) I hear the latest about Rachel . ( beat ) how be you hold up . greg you know ... not great . mr . mccarthy I be fifteen when my dad die . couple year young than you . greg be startle by this . Blue ( 6/3/14 ) 79 . mr . mccarthy ( cont 'd ) you know what I remember about it ? my whole childhood I just think of he as this big , quiet , kind of asshole guy . do not laugh much . like he son to wear tie . and then at the wake , all he old buddy be there tell I about he , and it 's like they be talk about a complete other guy . like , he know every european pop song from the 70 , from when he be station in Germany . he have just sit around memorize song to sing at german girl in bar . his go - to be this dutch song call ding -a - Dong . that 's a real song . and he sing it at german girl in bar . greg so what do that mean . mr . mccarthy it just mean that , even if someone die , you be still gonna keep learn about they . you know ? they life keep unfold to you , if you keep pay attention to it . greg ( sullenly ) what , if you be like a historian ? be you seriously try to make this into some stupid sappy lesson ? Mr. mccarthy smile at greg and get to he foot . mr . mccarthy you be a good kid , greg . greg I be not . mr . mccarthy you be a good goddamn kid . greg ( gather he stuff ) look . I be go home . I be cut school right in front of you . I be not a good kid . Mr. mccarthy say nothing . a73 73 74 Blue ( 6/3/14 ) 80. greg ( cont 'd ) ( leave ) I be not . int . CITY bus - a few minute later a73 greg be slump in a seat , stare without see out of the window , as the bus rumble home . int . greg 's kitchen - a half -hour later 73 on he way in , greg pass he dad , munch sausage . greg 's dad Earl come by earlier to drop something off , but he turn down this superb andouille rabbit sausage , which be quite unlike he - be everything all right ? greg do not respond . int . greg 's bedroom 74 greg find a dvd on he desk . on it be scrawle , in sharpie , '' IM out . '' he play the dvd . it 's of earl , talk to the camera , in greg 's room . earl hi Rachel . we try a bunch of different way of make a film for you , and all of they turn out goofy , and irrelevant , and not like we want . so now I be just gonna talk to you directly . ( collect himself ) I 'ma be honest here . sometimes white girl be a particular kind of stupid . I mean errbody stupid but you know . White girl think they smarter than errbody . self - center and pretendin like they be not - well , obviously you be not be like that . ( collect himself again ) it 's just crazy how patient you be . that 's all I want to say . if it be I at have cancer , I would be angry as hell , and ... and hurtful , and just tryna beat errybody 's ass half the time . ( more ) Blue ( 6/3/14 ) 80a . earl ( cont 'd ) so I be just amaze at how patient you be . and you have make I feel , uh , bless . ( now piss off ; also a little husky -voice ) greg , I be not workin on this no more . do whatever the hell you want . I be out . 75 Blue ( 6/3/14 ) 81. Earl switch off the camera and the clip end , leave greg alone in he room . greg hold he head in he hand . then he flip on the camera . and try to do a testimonial of he own . greg hi Rachel . uh ... Earl 's right . all the way we try to make a film for you turn out completely horrible . so , yeah . it get I think about the reason I want to do this film . he pause . the fact be , he never want to do this film . greg ( cont 'd ) and that reason be , when you come right down to it , and just say it , simply , without screwing around : he have to say something . greg ( cont 'd ) uh ... I believe in you . he be quote the first video testimonial , from that stupid kid . he 's not even say he own meaningless clichéd thing . it 's something else 's . he can not bring himself to look at the camera . he 's look down , at he hand . greg ( cont 'd ) ( finally , sadly ) you can do it . he be silent . then he shut off the camera . int . mccarthy' office - the next day 75 greg open the door to Mr. mccarthy 's office . earl be in there , eat one of he all - candy lunch . on a screen behind he play my best fiend , klaus kinski . greg oh . be you eat lunch in here still ? earl not if you be . 76 77 Blue ( 6/3/14 ) 82. greg well , I be not eat in here if you be . earl well , good . cuz I like it in here . greg so I guess I will just go . or , you could go . earl nope . I like the air-condition , and I like the comfortable chair . greg yeah , I like that too . earl well , that 's you damn problem . int . cafeteria - shortly afterward 76 greg trudge sadly through he personal hell : the cafeteria . one fly bit of food hit he face , then another . he find a place to sit alone . over he head , a banner read : schenley senior prom '' 2013 '' a '' knight '' to '' remember '' !!! int . cafeteria - day pass 77 he eat alone in the same seat , day after day , forlorn and withdraw . he be check he email on he phone , despondently - ( we can not read the body , but it 's from Pittsburgh State University ) - when someone sit down in front of he . it be madison . Arm touch / moose smushes chipmunk with hoove . madison greg . I need to talk to you about the movie . greg it 's not do yet . Blue ( 6/3/14 ) 82a . madison greg . you have be work on this movie for like four month . greg yeah , we try a bunch of thing . they just be not very good . 78 Blue ( 6/3/14 ) 83. madison ugh . greg. now be not the time for you whole , I be - greg , I -suck , nothing - I - do-is-any - good thing . I be sure what you have be awesome and greg I really think it can make a difference if you just put it together and give it to she . greg ( bitterly ) madison , she 's stop treatment . she give up . she quit . madison gaze at he . her eye glisten . madison ( icily ) so maybe that 's a good reason to finish the stupid movie . and give it to she . ( more so ) but you know what ? whatever . she stalk away . int . greg 's bedroom - that afternoon 78 greg be watch he testimonial to Rachel . he watch himself mumble , '' I believe in you . '' pathetic . he rewind it and play it again . '' you can do it . '' excruciate . his mom enter the room . greg 's mom honey ? greg what . he look up . his mother look stricken . greg 's mom honey , Rachel 's back in the hospital . greg wait -- be she start treatment again ? Blue ( 6/3/14 ) 84. greg 's mom it 's not for treatment , honey . greg oh . his mom wait for he to say something . greg ( cont 'd ) Mom , what . greg 's mom I just think we could go -- greg you just figure this be you last chance to force I to hang out with she ? greg 's mom greg , come on -- greg do not worry , mom . I be sure you can find some other girl with cancer after Rachel die . which , by the way , she 's decide to do . she 's decide to die . so maybe I can decide not to visit she . greg 's mom I promise you will regret it if you do not visit she . you will regret it for the rest of you life . greg ( explode ) yeah . that 's probably true . but you know what ? I have a shitload of thing to regret . I regret not have a date for tomorrow 's stupid prom . I regret be too weird to make friend . I definitely regret make that shitty film with Earl . and I assume you see the email I get today from Pitt State , when you be go through my stuff - no ? you do not ? oh ! have a look ! he open a email on he phone and toss it to he mom . greg ( cont 'd ) I be probably gonna regret do literally no schoolwork this year ! Blue ( 6/3/14 ) 85 . greg 's mom ( in shock ) oh my God , greg -- greg I know ! admission rescind ! due to '' significant change in my academic record '' ! oh well ! no college ! I guess I will just be home next year ! I know , it suck . it will be way harder for you to go through my stuff . his mom , horrify , say nothing . greg ( cont 'd ) but for right now , do I a favor . and just leave I alone . I just want to sit here and regret stuff . I be gonna think of everything I have ever do , and everything I have not do , and just regret the live shit out of it . 79 ext . / int . greg 's bedroom - that night 79 greg be watch he animation and he sock puppet and listen to he parent argue through the wall . greg' mom ( 0.s. ) ( tearfully ) the deadline have pass , Victor ! what 's he go to do next year ? be he just go to waste he year ? greg' dad ( 0.s. ) he be grieve , honey . you have to let he grieve . greg' mom ( 0.s. ) how can you tell I to just do nothing while he ruin he life ? greg' dad ( 0.s. ) that 's not what I be say . the conversation continue as greg watch he video . sock puppet rachel I beat the shit out of cancer because I don't give a shit 80 Blue ( 6/3/14 ) 85a . ext . schenley / int . cafeteria - the next day 80 once again , greg be eat alone under the prom banner , which now have the word '' tonight !!!!! " '' add to it . and maybe even more gratuitous quotation mark . Blue ( 6/3/14 ) 86 . and again , madison come to sit with he . Super : the part where I get in my second fight ever madison ( hesitantly ) greg ? can I ask you something ? greg gather he thing and get up . greg nope . madison it 's not what you think -- alt : it 's not what you think . it 's about prom -- madison touch he arm , but he shrug it off , angrily -- greg ( interrupt ) let I ask you something -- what be this ? what be up with the arm - touch ? greg be back away from she now . she be follow . greg ( cont 'd ) be you just be friendly ? or be it , like , this calculate tactic ? to get I to do whatever you want ? because you have to understand what it do , when a beautiful , sexy , otherwise thoughtful girl touch the arm of a scrawny pasty guy with a groundhog face . it 's a act of cruelty . madison be you do ? greg yeah , I be do with you . and I be do with the stupid film . he back into ill phil . ill phil but you be not do with I . greg oh come on . Blue ( 6/3/14 ) ill phil you 'il never escape I . nobody rat I out and life to tell about it . ( more ) 86a . Blue ( 6/3/14 ) 87 . ill phil ( cont 'd ) I be back for my revenge / stab you in the dick , pardon my french / shove you body under a bench / greg ( frantic ) be you honestly gonna stab I ? Fine . go for it . you be gonna go to jail for you entire life , but , it 's probably worth it . stab away . Ill phil be not prepare for this . he be hope greg 's reaction would be more along the line of run away . ill phil you lucky I be not get my knife . stead you gotta fight I , punk . greg sure . i’1l fight you . just no rapping . they square up . onlooker excitedly gather , include a grimly snicker scott mayhew . neither greg nor phil make a move for a long time . they actually have no idea how to fight . ill phil greg ( cont 'd ) ( mutter rap ) break you eyeball with a stop. fist I get clench / take you tooth out with a seriously stop . wrench / hit you with a stone from I can not do this if you be stonehenge / gonna rap the whole time . finally Ill phil swing and greg grab he arm . but then greg do not know what to do with it . ill phil ( cont 'd ) ( thrashing a little ) leggo my arm . greg okay . Jesus . scott mayhew phil ! remember how he have trample we dignity ! more circle . the onlooker be become restless . finally greg rush Ill phil and grab he around the waist . i1l phil panic and grab greg around he waist . 81 82 Blue ( 6/3/14 ) 88 . they stay like that for a while . and then , suddenly , earl fly in and start whooping ill phil 's ass . the crowd go berserk . almost immediately , the principal separate the fight . principal break it up . int . schenley hallway 81 the principal and a security guard be lead / drag earl , greg , and ill phil to the nearest school exit . greg ( to Earl ) I think you be eat lunch in Mr. mccarthy 's office . earl he all sad . talkin bout german music or something . I be like , dude . this be boring as hell . ext . front of school 82 the principal , security guard , greg , earl , and ill phil emerge from the door . principal ( to greg and Earl ) two day 's suspension for fight . two day 's suspension for fight . ( to Ill phil ) two day 's suspension for fight to be add to you lifetime suspension for drug deal . please leave school property . boy yes sir / awright . as they begin walk away , madison approach they . madison greg . greg what . 83 Blue ( 6/3/14 ) 89 . madison come to prom with I . even Earl do not know what to say here . madison ( cont 'd ) look . you be right . this whole movie situation have be really difficult for you , and I feel like it 's my fault . I want a chance to make thing up to you a little bit . ill phil yo , you can make thing up to I . ( beat ) you want my number ? earl ( to Ill phil ) ai not nobody want you beat - ass number . you be go to die alone . greg so this be a pity date ? madison it 's not a pity date . she smile . madison ( cont 'd ) I think we would have fun . int . greg 's bedroom - that evening 83 greg be put on he tuxedo . he be have some trouble with the arm . his mom be stand by the door . greg 's mom I tell you you would get a date . greg yup . greg 's mom so , you be welcome . for the tuxedo and everything . greg thanks Mom . 84 85 Green ( 06/20/2014 ) 90 . greg 's mom I be very unhappy about this college thing . but you father and I can wait until you be ready to talk about it . greg I appreciate that . greg 's mom let I help with you corsage . she do . greg examine himself in the mirror . greg 's mom ( cont ’d ) my handsome boy , go to prom . take lot of picture , okay ? greg do not answer . he 's busy look into the mirror . a anxious boy in a tuxedo stare back out at he . ext . in front of greg 's house - evening 84 greg , hold corsage , walk stiffly into a limousine . int . limousine 85 greg be alone in the back of a cavernous limousine . he have to shout to reach he cheerful driver . greg 302 halket Street . limo driver you get it , boss . they drive . limo driver ( cont ’d ) you love this girl ? greg uh. I dunno if I would go that far . limo driver be you kid gonna get busy on my brand - new tuscan leather ? greg I think the odd be against that . 86 87 Green ( 06/20/2014 ) 91 . limo driver ha . I be just play with you , man . I hope you do get some . greg thanks . it 's really gonna depend on what she want to do . limo driver well . if you really love she , you get a shot . because she ’1ll know . greg do not respond to this . limo driver ( cont ’d ) she be fine , though ? greg I would not say that . ext . sidewalk - fifteen minute later 86 greg exit the limo , hold he corsage . he be not in front of madison 's house . he be front of the hospital . he take a deep breath . int . hospital room - may - evening 87 rachel be suffer from pneumonia , a complication of end - stage aml . she be extremely pale and have difficulty focuss . but she smile when greg walk in . super : Day 209 of doom friendship DENISE , sit next to she , smile with wet eye , get up , and hug greg for a very long time . then she leave the room . greg hey . rachel hey . her voice be weak and whispery . greg I know . I look amazing . here , let I put flower on you . rachel thanks . 88 Blue ( 6/3/14 ) 92 . he put the corsage on she wrist . it be not romantic . it be something else . he extract he phone and a little projector from he pocket and start set they up - greg before we watch this , uh ... I be really sorry it take so long to make . but the reason for that be , we could not figure out how to not get it to suck . and we never do figure it out . it still suck , and it 's not actually what I want to say to you . but let 's just watch it first . okay ? she nod . he turn on the projector . it project onto the curtain . he sit next to she , and they watch for a while . the film do , as advertise , suck . first , there be the testimonial : student sit in a classroom , say clichéd thing , or unhelpful thing . so that suck . DENISE 's interview have be jarringly edit so as not to be depress , but of course this make it even more depress . it go without say that this suck . and splice among all of this section be a mysterious animation that be never explain and never get enough time to develop . it 's confusing . how could that not suck ? as they watch , Rachel begin to cough , weakly . greg ignore this for a few cough . then he realize that it be not go away . greg ( cont 'd ) should I get a nurse ? Rachel , nod , cough , in pain . int . hospital hallway 88 slightly slowed down , SOUND muffled greg emerge from the room . DENISE be asleep in a chair outside . he jog she arm . she wake up , read he face , and rush into the room , stricken . 89 90 Blue ( 6/3/14 ) 93. greg ( v.o. ) that be the last time I see Rachel . she go into a coma shortly after that , and die about ten hour later . greg flag down a pass nurse and say something to she . irritably , she walk into Rachel 's room , shutting the door behind she . greg ( v.o. ) yeah . I know I tell you she do not die . but I mean ... this be a story about a girl with cancer . greg be leave alone in a hospital hallway . greg ( v.o. ) what do you think be go to happen ? int . high school auditorium - the next day 89 greg , earl , and mr . mccarthy be sit all in a row , near the back . the forceful inner-city principal be speak . principal it be indeed a difficult time ... for the schenley High School family . we be mourn ... a family member . but we have a unexpected and touch opportunity ... to turn we thought to she ... in a unique way . ( with God 's own voice ) earl jackson . gregory gaine . please come to the stage . greg 's heart skip a beat . his eye widen with terror . int . hospital hallway - flashback , last night 90 from the hall , through the half - open door , DENISE watch the film project on Rachel 's curtain . principal ( v.o. ) this boy make a film ... that they deliver to Rachel last night . 91 92 93 Blue ( 6/3/14 ) 94 . int . high school auditorium 91 back to the present : Earl have he head deep in he hand . int . teacher 's conference room - flashback , earlier that daw teachers and the principal watch the film on a computer . they be very move . they be watch a sock puppet part . principal ( v.o. ) and she mother have give we permission ... to show you this film now . back to the present : 93 greg and Earl be up on stage . cataclysm . it be , literally , the stuff of nightmare . principal before we show the film ... be there anything you would like to say ... to the schenley High School family . Earl walk to the lectern . the mic be nowhere near he head . the principal , note this , remove the microphone and hold it to Earl 's mouth . earl naw . principal you will let this audacious film speak for you . very good . Gregory ? greg stagger to he foot . he take the mic . he gaze out at he classmate . he have nothing to say to they . but he can not just say nothing . suddenly he begin speak . greg this film suck . and after you watch it , you be gonna think I be this pathetic untalented loser . but here 's the thing : I do not care what you think about I . I have spend the last four year obsess over how everyone see I , and I just realize , I do not care anymore . ( more ) Blue ( 6/3/14 ) 95 . greg ( cont 'd ) the only person whose opinion I care about be dead . so , whatever . he put the mic down , then decide to pick it back up . greg ( cont 'd ) I have always want never to be notice by anyone . but the best way not to be notice be to be dead . and I do not want to be dead . he put the mic back . the principal , frown , walk over to reclaim the mic . then greg abruptly grab it a third time . greg ( cont 'd ) wait . here 's why we film suck . it 's not the film we should have make . okay ? because I be not even friend with Rachel before she get sick . and then she get sick and we spend all this time together , but it be not enough . it just be not . to make the film we should have make , we should have get she to tell we every single think she have ever have . because it 's all just lose , now . we should have have a camera on she , constantly , since the day she be bear . because she whole life , now , it 's just lose . we should have have a camera inside she head , because all of she specific thought and idea and hope and phobias and all of she impression of the whole stupid world , they be all about to be lose , and the film we should have make would keep she from be lose . and I know that happen to everyone . it will happen to everyone in this room . and it will happen to I . but I do not care . all that I can think about be that it happen to she . and it happen last night . and I can not deal with it , I 'il never be able to deal with it , and this film have nothing to do with that . nothing . ( force back tear -- semi - incoherent ) it suck . nothing suck more than this . it suck . 94 95 Blue ( 6/3/14 ) 96 . he put down the mic and walk , then run , offstage and out of the auditorium . the student be baffle . some of they be giggle , but from nervousness . Earl have he head in he hand . the light go down . omitted 94 int . rachel 's live room - afterward 95 mourner wander around denise 's house , sit shiva . greg spot madison and scott mayhew together hold hand , talk to DENISE . surprise and sicken , he avoid they . he gaze , from afar , at the urn on the mantel that contain Rachel 's ash . he can not stop look at it . it be absurd to he , in a way . suddenly he have be cornere by a old person - elderly mourner I hear you make a very nice little movie about Rachel 's life . greg oh . uh , yeah . elderly mourner when will it be in theater ? Blue ( 6/3/14 ) 97 . greg do not have the heart to set this doddering old person straight . greg soon . really soon . I be sure denise will let you know . can you excuse I for a moment ? greg sneak into the kitchen . he look around for a place where he can escape all human contact . he gaze out the window , to the backyard , and see someone . ext . rachel 's backyard - a few minute later 96 earl have spend most of the shiva outside smoking irritably . greg approach he . earl look who it be . greg sorry , I have not be out of my room for a few day . earl yeah . I know . you smell terrible . greg I can not really smell myself . earl ( matter -of -factly ) you smell like a homeless dude . and I hear even Pitt State be not takin you no more . greg yeah , well . whatever . the backyard door open . DENISE . DENISE hi boy . earl greg Mrs. kushner . Mrs. kushner . I mean , denise . denise be hold greg 's college directory . Blue ( 6/3/14 ) DENISE greg , I be suppose to give this back to you . she do . and retreat back to the doorway . DENISE ( cont 'd ) ( smile sadly ) squeak squeak . greg earl ( agree ) ( begrudgingly ) squeak . squeak . denise enter the house . greg hold the college directory , do nothing . a couple of envelope fall out . he open one . rachel ( v.o. ) dear greg . I hear what happen with you classwork , and with Pitt State . so I write they a letter try to convince they to let you back in . there 's a copy in here if you want to read it . hopefully it work , because that would mean I have power from beyond the grave . but you should probably send they something too . Goodbye , greg . you be a good friend . although if you do not go to college , you be also a idiot . but you already know that . Love , Rachel . at '' goodbye , '' greg 's eye blink and go wet . he unfold the second letter -- rachel ( v.o. ) dear Pittsburgh State admission , I be write on behalf of someone so kind and sweet and give that he - Blue ( 6/3/14 ) 99 . he close it . he can not read another word . he close he eye . Earl clear he throat . earl I know it 's a bad time . but I be not doin they film with you no more . greg throw up he arm , like , Jesus Christ . like it 's not already gut - wrenching enough out here . earl ( cont 'd ) I be not . I can not . I be do . greg why ? earl I 'ma level with you . I never even like makin the damn film . I like watchin crazy - ass film . but I hate makin they . greg Earl , you be the talented one . you be the one who 's suppose to do this with he life . earl oh hell no . that 's you . that be not I . I be not gonna be a break - ass artist . ( beat ) I , I want to end up like you dad . greg ( momentarily shocked out of misery ) what ?! greg peer through the window at he dad , who be alone in the middle of the live room , scratch himself . earl listen , son . I be just tellin you . you dad 's around . he around all the damn time . fact he around too much . talkin to the cat , starin into space . but to hell with it . that 's gonna be I . serve my kid funky - ass food , show they film with subtitles . wear random ethnic shit . ( more ) Blue ( 6/3/14 ) 100 . earl ( cont 'd ) and I be not get there by spendin all my time makin film . that be not a foundation for a comfortable life . I need a career . ( not want to say this ) I be goin to duquesne . pre-law . do not tell nobody . greg oh. ... Earl I have no idea th -- earl ( need to move on ) do not be tellin nobody . now , you . you too weird to start a family . so you can go ahead and do you break - ass artist thing . that 's fine . run out of money . you can come live in my garage , with the raccoon . I , I be makin a comfortable life . no more film . I be out . silence . Earl notice greg 's mom watch they through the window . she hesitates . but she can not help herself . she gesture to '' smoking '' to Earl , then gesture '' death , '' then give he a look of reproach . Earl shrug , baffle . she stick she head out of the window - greg 's mom ( whisper ) Earl , it 's a little inappropriate to be smoking a cigarette outside of shiva . of someone who have cancer . oh . Earl philosophically stub out he cigarette . earl sorry Mrs. gaine . she close the window - greg I be out too . I be not make film anymore either . I be retire . earl no , you be not . Blue ( 6/3/14 ) 100a . this next thing be hard to say . greg Earl . if you quit , I have to quit . Earl look greg in the eye . greg mean it . earl listen . from now on , I 'ma be you audience . and I ’ma watch everything you make . even if it 's terrible . ( more ) 97 Blue ( 6/3/14 ) 101 . earl ( cont 'd ) and it probly will be . you probly be not shit without I . but that 's what friend do . they gotta watch . even when they hate that shit . yeah . I call you my friend . I be you friend . deal with it . greg be beginning to cry again . Earl eye he doubtfully . earl ( cont 'd ) and you quit , I ’ma beat the hell out of you . all right ? greg all right . earl I do it before . I will do it again . it 's easy as hell . because you do not know how to fight . greg all right . earl goddammit stop cryin . greg I be not c-cry . earl cryin like a bitch . Earl , after a resentful pause , put he arm around greg . he pat greg on the shoulder a few time . earl ( cont 'd ) ( irritably ) feel like we be have a goddamn breakup right now . c’mon . let 's go inside . Earl go into the house . greg just watch he quickly become engulf by the adult in there . he look over at the FIRE escape lead to Rachel 's bedroom window . int . rachel 's bedroom 97 greg step through the window and into Rachel 's room , the book under he arm , the letter in he hand . he sit on she bed . surrounded by pillow . Blue ( 6/3/14 ) 101a . he take another look at the letter to he . rachel p.s. I have also like for you to take some of my pillow . they 's 1ll want a good home where they 'il be love . greg pick up francesca . rachel ( v.o. ) p.p.s . not in the way you be think . that 's disgusting . he gaze at the wall . Daniel Craig , Hugh jackman . a98 98 Blue ( 6/3/14 ) 102 . he look down at he directory . he open it - the inside have be carve out , intricately , into a little landscape . he be motionless , gaze at it . it be beautiful and strange . there be three small figure in it . somehow we know they be Rachel , greg , and Earl . Rachel 's have pink hair . he run a finger over the lip of this little fantastical place that she hand make . he gaze at she bookshelf . he pull out a book - no carve in there - another one - again no carve - another - this one be carve out too . a different landscape . two figure - Rachel ( the same color , but she old brown hair ) and one who be probably she mom . he find more and more . a world of landscape . different style , from different time in she life . sometimes he know who the figure be , and sometimes he do not . the figure that be she be always recognizable . there be no broad narrative connect they . they be just scene . not necessarily from she life - perhaps something tangent to it . at some point we be no longer see the book carving - we be just watch he face , as he sees in a way that he never have before . ext . murray hill sidewalk - afternoon a98 greg walk home slowly , eye fix on something unseeable , somehow release , Rachel 's house behind he . int . greg 's bedroom - night 98 we be back to where we start : greg stare at a computer monitor , breathe loudly through he nose . Blue ( 6/3/14 ) 103 . greg ( v.o. ) I know I might seem to you like I hate myself and everything I do . but really , I just hate everyone I have ever be . the person I be right now be okay . Rachel 's ash be scattered in a park behind she house . apparently she run away from home once and try to live there . it be this story she aunt tell at the funeral . she be try to become a squirrel . she think she could turn into one by just be in the forest and want it really bad . I guess maybe that 's what Mr. mccarthy mean , about someone 's life continue to unfold . it be weird to be learn something new about Rachel after she die . but somehow it be reassure as well . the printer have just stop printing the story we have just be tell . on the back we see the word , '' somehow it be reassure as well . fin . '' he put it in a envelope address to Pittsburgh State University - Department of admission . and then he put a dvd in a jewel case . and then he stick a Post - it on top of the case , and write , '' warning : the last person who saw this immediately went into a coma and died . '' and he put that in the envelope as well . he seal the envelope . he stare directly at we . we look into he eye . he cross they , briefly . blackout . now you be dead