mean street written by Martin scorsese , mardik Martin &amp ; ethan Edwards ah , get bear , keep warm short pants , romance , learn to dance get dress , get bless try to be a success please she , please he , buy gift do not steal , do not lift twenty year of schoolin ' and they put you on the day shift bob dylan subterranean homesick blue ( supere over bottom of screen like a tv news bulletin ) ( the film be in color unless otherwise noted . ) a darken diffuse image of a man lie on the ground . a tree be above he . the image be more diffuse on the edge . it be black and white , and appear to be come from a television . the body of the man be practically totally in shadow . announcers voice lady and gentleman , on the new tonight , the first actual motion picture of death . a small orange fire appear in the breast of the man . announcers voice watch closely , at the moment of death . the small orange fire fade away . color charle cappa JR . ( charlie ) be 25 of sicilain origin . he be educate in Roman Catholic parochial school with one year and a half at a Jesuit college . charlie be raise sternly in the Roman Catholic tradition but now have reject many of the religion 's tenet . he be very intelligent and have a sharp sense of humor . he be always well dress . his favorite author be Ernest hemingway , Thomas hardy , and Theodore dreiser . he like read but enjoy film more . he be very fond of the New Testament and often exchange quote from it with he friend tony . int . bedroom - night charlie have be dream . the dream frighten he . a title appear on the bottom of the frame : charlie . he get up to look at he face in the mirror . his room be light by moonlight . it be a small tenement bedroom with a fire - escape outside . 2 . he return to bed and as he head hit the pillow , we hear the ronettes sing " be my baby . " CUT to : a 8 - mm. projector whirring away . int . party - home movie - day open title appear over 8 mm . home movie in which charlie be show along with he friend and family in a celebration ... a sense of " one big unending party . " during this open segment we see some of the character that will later appear in the story : johnny boy , michael , tony , teresa , charlie' uncle giovanni , and other . they be all sicilian and be member of the same italian - american neighborhood in New York City . ( we sense , from this home movie , that the neighborhood force its people to be strongly tie together in a way of life - family , Church , friendship . ) this home movie be take during some formal and casual gathering in which charlie participate . CUT to : int . bathroom in a neighborhood bar a longhaire " freak " be about to shoot - up . suddenly the door open and tony ( ANTHONY devenziano ) come in . tony be totally different in appearance and dress from the " freak . " he be 25 , and a part time student study liberal art . his father be a very powerful racketeer in a different part of the city and own several night club type discotheque and strip house on the west side of town . one of this be operate by tony - " tony's place . " charlie be one of he close friend . tony be well dress , flippant and reckless . he be a big drinker , liquor , wine , and even cough medicine . tony what the fuck ...hey ! tony rush over to the " freak " , who be too strung out to defend himself , smashes the needle , and slap he around . tony not in my fuckin ' place ... get out ... get out ! int . bar area tony push he out the door and into the bar area . there be a few people in the bar ... mainly neighborhood guy like tony . a few " freak " be in the bg . 3. tony push he out the front door . tony and keep the fuck out - a-here . I know you face . tony cross over to one of the neighborhood guy by the bar and slap he in the back of the head knock off he hat . tony and you scumbag ... what do I tell you ' bout passin ' that shit in my place ( hit again ) ...huh ? boy hey I do not do nothin ' ... cut it out ... tony push the boy out of the bar also . title appear on the bottom of the frame : tony ext . west side dock - late afternoon the area be totally desert except for two truck park side by side . two man be toss box from one truck to another and look around furtively . michael stand nearby . michael longo be 26 year old . he life in a different neighborhood but come from the same type of background as charlie and the other . he run a illegitimate bar and dabble in the yearly sale of firecracker which he smuggles in from maryland . he also deal in contraband cigarettes and run a small - time " loan shark " business . he have a knack for business but he be otherwise unintelligent . Michael cross over to a ' 58 black oldsmobile . michael hey , hurry up with that shit will ya . michael get in the car . another man be sit in the back . he be also well dress . michael take a small lens out of he pocket and toss it to the man . man what 's this ? more shit ...? michael naw ... that be not shit ... that 's a german lens . the man look at it carefully . 4. michael a good buy ... good two shipment of they . man can not use it ... michael why ...? that 's a telescopic one ... it 's good . man first , it be not german ... it 's japanese ... and second , this be not no lens ... it 's like a...a... a adaptor ... so you get two shipment of jap adaptor with no lense . ( he laugh ) man hand adaptor back to michael . michael ( disappointed ) a jap adaptor ? title appear on bottom of screen : michael . ext . STREET - day a desert warehouse area in lower Manhattan . prominent in the frame be a brightly paint red white and blue mailbox , contrast with the drab hue of the neighborhood . johnny boy walk down the street toward camera . JOHN civello ( johnny boy ) be 23 year old . he be a only child and life with he mother , a divorcee . he be clean cut look , yet slightly radical in dress . he be expell from high school for vandalism and consequently spend several month in reform school . he be reckless , unambitious , nihilistic , and be classified a psychiatric 4 - f. he be first cousin of teresa ronchali who life next door to charlie . he have adopt teresa be family as he own and spend more time with they than he do with he mother . johnny be carry a package wrap in plain brown paper under he arm , and he be smile . he drop the package into the mailbox and keep walk . but he be move a little faster now and smile a little more . suddenly the mailbox explode . dozen of red , white and blue fragment shower down on the street . the impact of the blast knock johnny down . title appear on bottom of frame : johnny boy . 5 . he be up in a moment . the camera track with he as he start run . we see that he be grin - quite literally - like crazy . int . church we see charlie full face . behind he be a confessional Booth . the church be very old , quiet , and dark . the camera zoom out to reveal row of Holy candle light in the foreground . charlie suddenly begin to speak softly and confidentially to a unseen entity that be off screen . charlie ( confession ) a ... as you know , I have just come out of confession . and as a penance they give I ten ' hail mary ' and ten ' we father ' ... the camera begins to truck out . it move around charlie and away from the holy candle revealing charlie' profile . charlie ( continued ) ... now , between you and I ... you know how I feel about such thing ... ' hail mary ' ...' we father ' ... no imagination ... the camera have now trucked behind charlie and we see over he head he have be address a life size statue of the crucify body of Christ , eye close recline in he sepluchure . charlie ( continuing ) ... if I be go to do penance at all , I will do it the way I think it would be do ... by I , that be ... accord to my own trespasp . you know what I mean . this conversation of confession will occur from time to time in other part of the story as charlie will periodically try very casually to justify he thought and action to he " God . " the image accompany this monologue be to be of free association almost documentary in nature . int . tony's place - night the club be dark and noisy and smokey when charlie enter . he greet tony who be sit on a bar-stool . tony direct charlie to a corner of the club where the rest of the group be now get boisterously drunk . 6. charlie join in , immediately take on the mood of the group . the rest of the club be fill with many different type of customer : teenager , adult pretend to be teenager , sailor , male and female gay , and " the boy from the neighborhood . " the music be loud and the light be flash but the stripper have not yet appear . dissolve to : tony be at the bar . he be approach by GEORGE one of the bouncer . he seem upset about the noise that charlie and he friend be create . tony do not take GEORGE very seriously . GEORGE it 's ten o'clock and they be like this . and they be just start ? tony smile . GEORGE ( continuing ) smile ... what be you smile at ? this be a business night . tony ( interrupting ) George ... do I ever tell you the story about the three chicken ? GEORGE ( genuinely ) no ... tony too bad . dissolve to : charlie 's zany behavior as frenetically as it occur . there be no particular logical sequence except that event be suite to the rythmic pattern of the music . 1 . charlie and he friend dance and sing along with the music . 2 . charlie pick up a billiard stick . he attempt to hit a fill shot glass towards tony at the other end of the bar . he fail . 3 . charlie try to pull a tablecloth off of a stranger 's table without move the glass or bottle . this also fail . 7. 4 . a punch be throw at someone . a light cigarette in the puncher 's fist create a swift arc of light in the darkness . 5 . the stripper finally appear on stage . charlie become obsessed with the negro stripper diane . he shout to she , toss thing , and call she name . she try , half amusedly to ignore he but she can not . 6 . tony drink from a bottle of Southern Comfort , and as a chaser swig down aqua velva . dissolve to : charlie sit at a empty table watch diane , the stripper , perform again . he stare glassy - eye and then begin to speak softly , continue he confession . charlie y'know ... she 's really good-look ... really good-look . I have gotta say that again . she 's really good - look ... but she 's black ... you can see that real plain . ( as a afterthought ) when you get down to it though ... there 's not much of a difference , be there ? ( he wait for a answer ) well ... be there ? ( he smile and begin chew on a ice cube from he half empty glass ) suddenly michael appear and sit down at charlie 's table . he hand charlie two carton of cigarettes . charlie oh great ...hey - winston ? michael for this price do not be particular . that 's all they have - but next week we will see ... charlie give he the money . charlie ok , ok ... michael sell them if you can not smoke they . 8. charlie no ... I will be ok for a week . michael you see johnny Boy tonight ? charlie ( disinterested ) nope ... michael be not he suppose to be here tonight ... I mean ... charlie look ... I do not know . what be I suppose to be , he keeper or something ? yeah , he 's suppose to be here but who know what go on in he head . right ? michael I would like to know Charlie , it look like you little friend be try to duck I ... charlie remain silent . michael ( continuing ) ... Charlie , do not you think you should be interested in johnny 's payment to I ? I think you should be , you know that . charlie ( quietly ) Michael , nobody 's out to screw you , I guarrantee that . michael I know that Charlie but look at my side . you undersign the loan . you vouch for he . what happen if this kid do not pay I ? I gotta collect from you ? I do not want to do that . I make a deal with he not you , right ? charlie ( patronizing ) you be right . you be right . look , I be not gonna wind up pay he debt . you know that . 9. michael I do not know that . that 's what I be tell you . charlie Michael , believe I . you know the kid 's a little crazy sometimes . I vouch for he and he will come through . I promise . I will talk to he and straighten he out . do not worry , ok ? michael ( satisfied ) ok . dissolve to : johnny boy enter the night club with two friend . he have be drink . johnny boy be face show fresh cut and bruise . his friend approach the hat check girl and give she they coat . johnny boy approach she give she he pants instead . his friend laugh hysterically . charlie be now alone at the end of the bar . johnny boy now completely dress enter the bar area . charlie watch johnny boy approach and continue he confession . johnny boy greet people as he pass they , and as charlie speak , he appear to be move in slow motion . charlie what do you think ? ' if a man have a hundred sheep , and one of they stray , will he not leave the ninety - nine in the mountain , and go in search of the one that have stray ? and if he happen to find it , amen I say to you , he rejoice over it more than over the ninety - nine that do not go astray . even so , it be not the will of you Father in Heaven that a single one of this little one should perish .'... ok that 's very nce but ... tony be now behind the bar near charlie . johnny boy have reach they . johnny boy drink for everybody tony ... charlie ( interrupting ) giovanino ! where have you be ? 10 . johnny boy ( continuing ) and a double for you and Charlie here . ( quietly to tony ) and put it on my tab , willya ? tony which one , the big tab or the little tab ? johnny boy put it on the little tab so that it balance with the big one . tony ( sarcastically ) yeah , so thing will be even . charlie and johnny boy grimace . michael appear . michael how about I ? I do not get a drink John ? johnny boy ( feigning surprise ) of course ! a double for Michael , tony . tony mumble . johnny boy interrupt michael who be about to speak . johnny boy ( continuing ) I know what you be go to say but do not say it . this drink be all on the tab . I be gonna see you this Tuesday payday , I promise . I give you my word . michael you what ? the drink arrive . they all smile and salute each other with they drink . charlie ( saluting ) the queen ! 11 . all ( drinking ) the queen ! CUT to : charlie and johnny boy be sit alone at a table . charlie ( refering to johnny boy' face ) what happen to you flash ? johnny boy Charlie , I swear on my mother , you be not go to believe this . charlie I know but let 's hear it anyway . johnny boy I swear to God Charlie , it 's the truth . CUT to : flashback ext . STREET - late afternoon johnny boy be walk along the street . it be rush hour and the traffic be heavy . a shiny , late model car stop parallel to johnny boy . the young boy ( sal ) signal he by blow the horn . ( note that in the flashback , johnny boy be face be not bruise . ) sal hey johnny , where be you goin ' ? johnny boy sal !... fourteen street . sal come on . int . inside car - late afternoon johnny boy this be some boat . you father 's ? sal yeah ... just have it deliver ... 12. johnny boy hey ... you get stereo . sal yeah , I think so . as johnny boy admire the gadget in the car he notice that sal be become very nervous . johnny boy you get a speaker back there ? he turn to look for the speaker and see a police car not far behind . johnny boy ( continuing ) ah ... there 's a funny lookin ' cab behind we . sal ( nervously ) I know ... I know . johnny boy what 'sa matter ... forget you registration ? sal no ...no. nooo ... it 's just that I ...i...uh ... this be not my car . johnny boy yeah , it 's you father 's . sal well ...no. johnny boy you mean it 's heist . sal you could say that . johnny boy ( announce it loudly ) this be a heist car ! sal smile sheepishly . johnny boy panic . ext . STREET - late afternoon the police switch on they flash red light and try to get closer to they but the traffic be too heavy . 13. sal manage to turn the next corner at about twenty mile per hour . int . inside car - late afternoon johnny boy frighten now , underestimate the speed of the car and quickly open the door . ext . STREET - late afternoon johnny boy tumble from the car only to smack into a lamp - post . he have seriously bang he head and blood be run down he face . but because of the near proximity of the police car he be desperately try to maintain a air of dignity as he calmly try to walk down the street . end flashback CUT to : int . tony's place - night tony have now join the group sit at the table ... charlie and tony nod in disbelief . johnny boy it 's the truth , I swear . charlie all right , forget it . tony , you get anything we can put on he face ? tony yeah , in the back . they all get up . tony ( continuing ) c'mon , I get something to show you anyway . int . tony's place - back hall - night they push they way through the crowd and enter a narrow dimly light hallway on both side . int . back room - tony's place - night a boy and girl be neck on a make - shift couch in the darken room . 14 . girl ( whispering ) Jimmy , I tell you there 's something in this room . jimmy ( murmur ) ahhh come on baby ... willya'...cut it out . suddenly the light be turn on . tony , charlie , and johnny boy enter the room . the girl be startle and jump up . jimmy appear bewilder . tony Excuse we Jimmy , we will only be a moment . tony s'alright tony . the girl and jimmy sit self - consciously as tony go to the medicine cabinet , take out a few item and give they to charlie . tony then cross to the other side of the room where he remove the blanket which have be cover a large cage . he reveal a live , young beautiful panther stalking to and for . the girl scream . girl I tell you there be something in this room . the girl run out . everyone else except tony , be back up against the wall , frighten . the boy laugh nervously . tony keep quiet about this . I do not have any license for he yet . I have only have he a couple of day . nobody can feed he except I . I be the only one he trust . watch . charlie do not go to any trouble . we believe you ... we believe you . tony begin to open the cage . the boy be now stand on top of the nearest piece of furniture . 15 . tony ( entering cage ) really want to get a little tiger Charlie , y'know ... a little William blake and all that ... charlie be careful . tony ignore charlie 's warning as he crouch and allow the animal to wander onto he lap where upon he stroke the panther gently murmure to he . the boy watch in silence . int . tony's place - corner table - night the italian song " malafemina " ( a tango - like rythmn ) be hear come from the juke-box . it be near close time and there be only a few customer leave in the club , include michael and two gay , benton and sammy , who be get very drunk . charlie be at the corner table with tony and johnny boy . charlie be wash johnny boy' face with cold water from a basin . some of johnny' blood have mingle with the water . charlie I be surprised at you tone . I mean you have have the place for over a year now . nothing different ... same old place ...ordinary ...flat ... no imagination . tony ignore charlie 's half - joke , drunken remark . charlie ( continue ) for instance , the difference between I and you be this ... you take that panther back there . I would put he right up here above the bar ... nice cage , you know ? nothing ordinary in my place . what good be it ? you get robot customer . they come in , drink beer , go to the bathroom , and go home . no sir . one of the boy more casual acquaintance be lie on the bar , drunk . he begin to sing along with the italian music - but very badly . 16 . charlie see what I mean ? ( pause ) a question please ...' be this what you call live ? ' tony ( wearily ) ' take a little tip from mack the knife ... ' johnny boy ( interrupt ) tony , break down and open another bottle willy a ' ? a well dress young boy enter the club . GEORGE , the bouncer , approach he . GEORGE we be close . boy I be just wait for joey . the boy walk over to a bar stool and sit down . nobody acknowledge he presence . suddenly the drunk on the bar stop sing and sit up , daze . his sudden silence cause charlie and the other to look up at he . the drunk stare ahead for a minute . drunk ( mutter ) I ... I gotta go to the bathroom . everyone laugh . charlie well , go ahead , whaddaya want ? someone to hold it for you ? more laughter . even the boy at the bar laugh . the drunk rise , still smile and stumble off to the mens room . the Big bopper - " chantilly lace " in play on the soundtrack . charlie be play with a deck of card . charlie ( continue previous conversation ) this place be dead . if I have a place ... every night ... lively . johnny boy be sip he drink and ignore the conversation . 17 . charlie ( continuing ) and I would not call it tony's place or charlie' place ... ( more confidentially ) I would call it something like season of the witch ... get it ? tony ( quietly ) you be with out a doubt the biggest , most pretentious bullshit thrower I know . like to see what kind of business you would do . charlie look who 's talk . pretentious bullshit . who 's the guy with William blake and the tiger , eh ? johnny boy will you guy shut up with the witch and tiger . tony , you gonna close the place , we get out of here , get something to eat , or what ? tony we will close up as soon as everybody leave . charlie do not forget what 's - he - name there in the bathroom . everyone laugh . jimmy be draw on a table top . charlie wander over . jimmy wanna see you picture ? charlie lean over . overhead view show large crude swastika . jimmy waddaya think ? charlie not quite ... but keep try . charlie pick up the card again . charlie let 's have a game after we close . 18. johnny boy Nah . charlie c'mon tony , waddaya say ? tony no . charlie ( addressing the entire bar ) anybody wanna have a game ? the people in the bar do not respond . charlie shrug . the boy casually leave the bar and walk to the men' room . int . mens room - tony's place - night the boy slowly swing the door open and stare at the drunk lean over the urinal , half asleep . he take out he pistol and calmly shoot the drunk three time in the back . to the boy 's surprise the drunk do not immediately fall dead . instead , he turn and grab the boy by the throat . they struggle in the open doorway . int . bar area - night the italian music be still play . everyone in the bar have freeze in position as they watch the scene . in he astonishment charlie allow the card to fall from he hand . the young boy break away from the drunk and run towards the exit . the drunk , run only on sheet determination , stumble along after the boy . the people in the bar , include charlie , dash behind table and jump behind the bar for cover . int . tony's place - stairway exit the boy reach the exit and fire at the drunk from the top of the stair . the drunk still follow . ext . STREET - night black &amp ; white the boy run down the street and disappear into the darkness . the drunk stagger out into hte cobblestone street . his mind be go , it be now just a physical matter of the body be stop by the presence of a stationary object . 19 . he stagger straight across the street at tremendous speed smash directly into a park car . ext . tony's place - back entrance - night black &amp ; white everyone ( include the two gay at the bar ) be run out the back way . tony do not run ... do not run . everyone split up . ext . STREET - night black &amp ; white michael and jimmy turn the corner and calmly walk to he park car . as they get into the car charlie and johnny boy turn the corner . charlie Michael , give we a lift . michael ok , get in . as they be get into the car the two gay turn the corner . one of they , sammy , be very drunk and be cry hysterically . his companion benton be try to calm he down when he notice michael . benton Michael ... wait . it be obvious that michael do not want to take they but he be also afraid of attract any attention so he quickly usher they into the car . michael get in , get in . int . michael be car - night black &amp ; white charlie and johnny boy be in the back seat . sammy crawl over charlie into the back seat make apology . benton be force into the front seat with michael and jimmy . they drive off , with sammy cry . charlie oh Jesus Christ ... what 's this . benton sammy get control of yourself . 20 . johnny boy yes , you be gettin ' it all over my tie . charlie should I slap he ? sammy ( suddenly in control ) you would not dare . benton I be terribly sorry guy ... it 's just that he be terribly frighten . michael just keep he quiet . johnny boy Friends of yours Michael . michael shut up . benton ( sense the hostility ) oh...ah ... I be benton and this be sammy . charlie I can not get over the way he just keep go at he . johnny boy must have be all the liquor in he . michael ( in italian ) quiet please . he return to English . michael where should I drop you Charlie ? sammy ( interrupt the conversation ) yes Charlie , you place or mine . benton sammy . charlie away from the neighborhood . 21 . sammy oh benton ... look ! sammy lean over johnny and charlie to see out the window . he begin to shout at a young boy on the street . sammy ( continuing ) hi beautiful !!! I love you . charlie and johnny boy hide they face . michael hey , shut up . charlie get he in . johnny boy what ... be you kid . benton sammy , get in here this minute . sammy I will not ... I will not ! they be all beautiful . ( shout ) I will suck they all ... I will suck they all ! charlie and johnny boy groan . they be still hide they face . charlie disgraceful . michael ok ... that 's it . he pull the car over to the nearest corner . michael out !!!! charlie c'mon johnny . michael you get out too ? charlie yeah , thanks , it 's ok . 22. ext . STREET - night black &amp ; white charlie and johnny boy get out of the car first so that by the time benton and sammy be out they be already on they way down the street . michael drive away . sammy ( shout ) go we way ? charlie ( to johnny boy ) do not answer . benton guide sammy the opposite way . ext . neighborhood STREET - dawn charlie and johnny boy be walk down the street on they way home . johnny boy I do not think I should go home look like this . you think I could stay at you place tonight ? you mother 's not there be she ? charlie no , she be not . CUT to : flashback int . charlie' apartment - day charlie life in a typical lower east side tenement apartment . each room be paint a different pastel color . it be furnish in miscellaneous style and from the picture on the wall and various knick - knack around the room it be evident that this be a family apartment rather than a bachelor pad . charlie be help he mother pack a suitcase . through out the scene he be address she but she be never see on camera . the camera pan follow he movement and charlie direct he conversation always towards but above and beyond it . 23. charlie listen , I will be ok ... it 's the best thing . you be not go to be able to take care of grandma out here and still get to work , you know that ... ( pause ) yes the place will be here , I will take care of it . ( pause ) yeah do not worry about I , I will take care of myself . ( pause ) he move into the bedroom take more item out of the drawer . the room be ver small . the paint if peel . over the double bed there be a large crucifix . charlie ( continued ) no ...no party . ( pause ) I will eat . ( pause ) Mom , look , just do not worry ...ok ? end flashback int . charlie' mother' bedroom - morning charlie and johnny boy be lie on charlie' mother be bed in they underwear . charlie you would better make a move kid . he think you be try to screw he . johnny boy would not bother I . charlie yeah , big man ... get yourself in more trouble . you make a fool out of he , you be do the same to I . I sign for you do not forget . johnny boy do not worry . I can handle it . 24 . charlie you could not handle shit . you just better come through with some kind of payment on Tuesday ... anything . understand ? hold onto you pay - check this week . johnny boy ( laugh ) there will not be any this week . charlie what do you mean ? johnny boy do not show up . charlie you sick or what ? you forget what we have to do to get you on the truck , stupid ? johnny boy I do not like load crate . charlie you be not suppose to like it . what get I be you attitude . listen ... tomorrow you show up . johnny boy what about you attitude ... where 's you job ...eh ? you talk and talk and I go to work ... what do you do ? charlie I will tell you what I do not do ... I do not owe anybody 2,000 clam plus interest , stupid . show up or I break both you arm , we understand each other ? johnny boy ok , ok ... take it easy . I will show . Tuesday I will give Michael something . I promise . charlie do not promise ... just deliver . johnny boy ok , now that that 's over with ... what be you gonna make I for breakfast ? 25 . charlie I will not wait until Tuesday . I will break you arm right now . johnny boy ( rise from bed ) listen ... I be a guest here . charlie reach out to grab he . johnny boy ok ...ok ... I be go . int . kitchen - charlie' apartment johnny be raid the icebox . johnny boy hey ... you get nothing here . charlie ( from the other room ) I could have tell you that . johnny boy we will get some food from my aunt 's . I will get in through the fire escape . she 's always get something . johnny boy leave the kitchen and walk towards the bedroom . int . charlie' mother' bedroom - morning charlie do not do that . you will scare Teresa if you try to sneak in . johnny boy be now by the window look out at the fire escape mischieviously . johnny boy yeah ... you be right . maybe she will have a seizure and we can watch . he laugh . charlie hit johnny boy on the back of the head . charlie that 's not funny . you gonna be a jerk - off all you life . grow up . you want something to eat from you aunt 's house you go knock on she door , understand ? 26 . johnny boy I be not hungry anymore . I be go to bed . johnny boy get into bed . charlie go into the kitchen to get a glass of milk . int . kitchen - daybreak charlie take a glass of milk from the icebox . he listen to the sound of the neighborhood waking up and get ready to go to work . he leave the kitchen . int . bedroom - charlie' apartment - daybreak charlie return to the bedroom . johnny boy appear to be asleep . charlie go to the window and peer through the blind . he see in the window across the fire escape . a series of dissolves . teresa be go through the various stage of get dress . teresa ronchali be 30 year , well build , attractive and intelligent . she be well read and quiet . the salary she make as a secretary in a book publishing firm practically support she family . she have epilepsy which have prevent she ( in she own mind ) from enter into any serious relationship with man . she have however , be have a affair with charlie for the past year . it be a well keep secret from both family because the family regard each other as blood relation . charlie be startle by johnny boy who be now awake and have begin to dial the telephone . johnny boy ( pretend to be angry ) hello ... fifth precinct ? yeah ... I want to report a disturbance . yeah this man and woman next door be disturbing the peace . they be keep I awake all night now . what the hell be this . what ? well ... yell , fight , throw thing . uh-huh . if they do not kill each other soon I be goin ' over there and do the job myself . yes - the address be 270 mott street . I think it 's apartment 2 - respect yeah , right ... thanks . look , I demand immediate action . never mind my name I do not like get involved in thing like this . 27 . he hang up roughly and return to he position in bed . charlie shake he head with a exasperate smile as if this be a common occurance . charlie turn back to look at teresa but she be no longer in she room . int . teresa's bedroom charlie be dream this sequence . he and teresa be both nude . she be lie face down on the bed . he approach and ejaculate prematurely - however , he do not ejaculate sperm - instead blood . they be shocked . the blood be on the bed , she leg , back , and he hand . Charlie cry out in pain . int . HOTEL room - mid -day charlie and teresa be in the hotel room make love . the sound of traffic can be hear from the street below . CUT to : they be get dress . teresa I would like to eat something before I go back to work . charlie ok , we will go for lunch . teresa do you have enough ? charlie check he wallet . charlie well ... with the hotel that 's ten ... fifteen ... teresa here . she hand he a few bill . he hesitates . teresa please take it . charlie well ... teresa I do not mind . she put the money into he hand . 28 . charlie sure ... it 's not that ... I mean ... teresa ( touch he face ) it 's all right . charlie well , if thing go the way I hope they will go , this money business will take care of itself . ( aside ) God willing . teresa a apartment uptown ? downtown ? charlie maybe , who know . teresa ( searchingly ) Charlie ...? charlie nobody know anything , believe I . she kiss he gently . CUT to : teresa be put on she stocking . a few minute have pass . charlie see if you can get you hand on some pamphlet on law or by law ... or proprietorship ... you know ... at you place . teresa anything specific ? charlie you know ... like restaurant , night club ... teresa ( affectionately ) what be it now ? charlie do not ask . 29 . he give she a quick kiss on the tip of she nose . teresa alright ... hey , do you hear any more about what happen last night ? charlie do you ? teresa no . charlie christ , you should have see it . unbelievable . the kid would turn around and fire and he would just keep come at he like rasputin . that kid be scared . not half as much as we be though . teresa it do not make any sense . he would not shoot he just because he insulted a racket guy ... not unless it be personal . charlie you miss the point . the kid 's a climber ... not very bright ... but if you get down to he level to look at it he way ; he kill a guy who insulted a big man - he get a reputation . he think he 's in good stand . teresa it 's still sick . charlie not sick ... just stupid . speak of stupid , you cousin last night be feel so good he decide to break into you mother 's house ... to get some food . teresa laugh at this story but she mood change suddenly . teresa you be sure he do not know . he take she in he arm . charlie do not worry . 30 . int . HOTEL - bathroom - mid -day charlie enter the bathroom to clean-up . he stare at he image in the mirror for a moment , then make a face . he check the whiteness of he tooth , pull back he hair , and check he complexion . the mirror image begin to speak . the camera pan back to charlie' face . his mouth be not move . charlie ( confession ) do not look at I like that , I can see this be not go to get we anywhere . she 's a good kid , what be I suppose to do . in a way I be do she a favor ... no ??? how many guy you know feel this way about a epileptic ? do not get I wrong , I be no saint ... not yet . the image of charlie in the bathroom intercut with still from Catholic School text book - vulgar color illustration of parables - emphasis on Christ expel the devil from the posess woman . charlie ( continuing ) but I be not like the pharisee who say " oh God I thank thee that I be not like the rest of they . " ...no ... I like to think of myself as the publican ... he strike he breast penitently as he deliver the next line . charlie ...' oh God be merciful to I the sinner ! ' I be not take advantage of she . I swear to you that if she meet someone she would like to marry ... back to charlie in sync . charlie ( continued ) ... I will cut out . " if thy eye be a occasion of sin to thee ... CUT to : still of girl , sexy pornographic nude magazine spread . 31 . charlie ... pluck it out and cast it from thee . " " woe to the man through whom scandal do come . " I be sure you would agree this be no time to get tie down . like the priesthood ... CUT to : textbook illustration of vocation . charlie ... they do not get tie down do they ? " have I not a right to do what I choose ? even so the last shall be first and the ... CUT to : charlie in sync . charlie ... first last . for many be call but few be choose . " int . restaurant - mid -day charlie be sit in a quiet corner of the restaurant . this restaurant be consider a above average business with quality and price to match when it be first open three year ago . the quality have diminish but the price remain the same . as a result the place be die . charlie be scrutinize the restaurant from he corner . he pick up a water goblet and critically examine the water spot on it . he call a waitress to show she the dirt on the glass . she apologize , clean it with she apron , and place it back on the table . he take a menu . a chubby , middle - age man , oscar , approach the table . he be half owner of the decaye restaurant . he be in he shirt sleeve which , along with the side of he face , be smear with grease and dirt . he be tired and disgust . oscar ( with a slight jewish accent ) hey ... you be here . they tell I you be here ... and you be here . how be you ? charlie ok , how 's everything go ? oscar sit down next to charlie . 32 . oscar do not ask ... do you have any idea what I have be do all morning ...eh ? charlie no . oscar I be in the basement fix the pipe . would you believe that ? charlie ( laughing ) what pipe ? oscar ( mimicking ) what pipe ... the one from last year ... that pipe . charlie shake he head in sympathy . oscar look Charlie , you be a good boy . will you just tell you uncle that I have nothing . there be nothing to give he . no envelope with cash inside , no check , nothing . charlie that bad , huh ? oscar I can not make this week 's payment and if this keep up not next week 's either . charlie not next week 's either ... listen ... you tell that to Giovanni , not I . oscar listen , I should wrap up this place in a ribbon and hand it to he , you know that . I do not need this aggravation . I be get old . charlie he would rather have the loan pay , you know that . 33. oscar you uncle 's a good man ... I will not stick he . either he get the money or the place and right now he 's get the place . and tell I why should I care ? I get a partner who 's a bum , who do not help out ... who disappear and leave I with all the problem . I should go back to Florida ... I do not need this . charlie I do not understand , where 's groppi ? oscar I should know ? his wife do not even know . probably off with one of he little girl ... I do not know . I tell you , if he do not give a damn , then I do not give a damn ... why should I kill myself ? charlie my uncle figure that this week be bad ... but about next week ... I dunno . maybe you should speak to he yourself . oscar what can I say ? ext . STREET - day charlie be walk down the street on the lower east side . a noisy religious street festival be be hold on the block . int . SMALL italian cafe - day charlie enter a small italian cafe and nod greeting to some of the people as he make he way to the back of the room . this cafe be a strange hybre of coffee house , candy store , luncheonette , and meeting place for charlie be uncle giovanni and he associate . giovanni De stefano be sixty . he be well respected and powerful both in and out of the neighborhood . he become a head figure not by be introduce formally as be the custom , but rather by fight and kill he way into the organization . giovanni be well dress but not a stereotype of a old mafioso , rather a kindly and intelligent old man . giovanni converse intermittently in italian . 34 . a man be put new record into the jukebox which be in the corner of the room in the luncheonette area . charlie ( to repair man ) be my uncle back there ? charlie point in the direction of a doorway . repair man yeah , but I think he 's busy now . hey Charlie play 463 today - for sure . charlie thanks ! charlie walk through the luncheonette area , past the dining room where he uncle be in conference , to the bathroom at the very back of the cafe . mario be seat with he uncle . mario be forty five year old . he be giovanni be close associate , bring into the organization in the traditional manner , make he early reputation through hit ( murder ) . he be not very intelligent but have a undy loyalty to giovanni , and be very fond of charlie . mario and giovanni be seat with a very old man . they be deep in they private conversation . charlie pass by unnotice and walk into the bathroom . charlie begin to wash he hand but change he mind . he shut off the faucet in order to eavesdrop on the conversation . int . dine room - day giovanni and mario be calmly sip they coffee as they listen to the old man 's nervous talk . old man ( in italian with english title ) what I be tell you be that he do it for mario 's honor . mario but you do not understand . I know the kid . he be drunk . he make of fool of himself ... not I . 35 . old man ( in italian with english title ) Giovanni - a insult to mario be a insult to you . mario there be no insult . old man ( in italian with english title ) the boy only do what be right . giovanni you son only do what be stupid . we have enough down here without something like that . and what for ? ... nothing ... no reason . protect he ? why ? I do not tell he to do anything for I . he 's go to Miami ? good ... keep he in Miami for six month ... a year ... a good long time . after everything 's forget then I see what I can do for he . right now ... keep he away . int . luncheonette area - day charlie be seat at a table . the waitress , marie , approach and give he he cup of coffee ... the follow scene be reminiscent of a television commercial . charlie Marie , be there columbian coffee bean in this coffee ? marie I dunno . charlie just a second . let I taste it . he pause to sip the coffee , then shake he head . charlie yes , I would say there be some columbian coffee bean in this coffee , but only about 39 % . marie be disinterested . charlie continue . 36 . charlie you see . you probably do not notice this Marie , but colombian coffee bean be rich coffee bean . burst with that good , deep coffee flavor . picked when they be ripe to the point of perfection . the bean of course , be protect by the tall South american guama tree . marie chew she gum for a moment and leave the table . charlie be monologue continue and gradually he fall back into he confession . as he talk , the camera pick up detail of the cafe and the people in it . charlie then the bean picker come down and pick each bean by hand . bean by bean , all heavy with flavor . and they load they into box , one box at a time , box by box . from time to time charlie be casually glance at marie who be busy with she work . black &amp ; white &amp ; color the image now move out of the cafe and the camera reveal aspect of the neighborhood - live action and still : store , people , street , building , in short ; a concise vision of the neighborhood . all this be intercut with charlie mentally stripping marie 's clothes off with he eye . charlie ( continued ) like , look at my uncle back there . one way be the obvious ; ... man outside the law . on the other hand , instead of a breakdown of order there be a creation of order and instead of the breakdown of law , there be the creation of law ... in this society which need new law because ' what 's a crowbar compare to a share of stock . what 's the robbing of a bank compare to the founding of one and what 's the murder of a man to the gainful employment of that man . ' ' do not think that I have come to destroy the Law or the prophet . I have not come to destroy but to fulfill . ' ... amen . 37 . the image culminate in aerial shot of downtown New York City . ( stock footage ) charlie now see marie totally naked as she serve the customer . int . dine room - day giovanni and charlie be stand and talk . charlie uncle , how be you feel ? giovanni Fine . do you have a good time last night ? charlie ( quietly ) about that shoot last night ... I be there and ... giovanni no you be not . charlie be strike silent for a moment . he listen . charlie ( embarrassed ) you be right uncle . I must have get it confuse with something else . giovanni yes , you do . CUT to : charlie and giovanni be now sit at a table . charlie about oscar ... I think he put on this act ... about the restaurant be in bad shape and all that . he can not make the payment ... I do not know what to make of it . he say groppi 's run off with a girl . I could help if you want . giovanni no ...his business be bad . but I will decide what to do and you ... and you just keep out of anything that might ... might ...er draw attention to you . 38 . charlie yes ... I understand ... I will be careful . ext . beach - hamptons - day charlie and teresa be sit on the beach which be fairly desert . there be rent cottage behind they . teresa have a book and some papers from which she be suppose to write a term paper for charlie' English class . teresa c'mon Charlie ... one more day . I will call in sick for work . charlie no ...we can come back in a couple of week . besides , if we be both go for three day it would not look right . teresa ok . charlie pick up a copy of Henry James ' portrait of a Lady and try to read it . he toss it aside . charlie bore . teresa a paper on that one too ? charlie yeah ... but do not worry about that now . the hemmingway one be first . teresa it be nothing . I be almost finish . charlie take you time . I do not care . teresa I know you do not . you have be very preoccupy lately . charlie that 's the word ... preoccupy . charlie turn towards teresa and try to kiss she . she playfully turn away . but charlie quickly get bored with that and do not pursue she . she be confuse by he action . 39 . charlie let 's go back inside . CUT to : charlie and teresa already farther up the beach , walk . they notice a very beautiful house with limousine park in front of it . charlie see that ... know who life there ? the name George earhardt mean anything to you ? teresa sure ... he life there ? charlie no . of course he life there . would I point it out to you if he do not ? the house be see from a great distance . charlie' viewpoint . there be great activity ... all with a very businesslike air . charlie that w.a.s.p. bastard . teresa you be intolerable today . charlie watch you language . they arrive at the cottage . int . hamptons cottage - day charlie and teresa be come in , put down the book and papers . teresa I like it here ... alone . she caress charlie . he be still preoccupy . teresa I be go to take that apartment uptown . charlie uhuh ... probably a good idea . why do not you do it this time ? 40 . teresa you know why ... with my parent . charlie well you can not blame they in a way . teresa ( pull away from he ) I can take care of myself . you know that . charlie I know ... I know . they embrace . flashback int . hospital room charlie be father be the patient in the bed . the visitor surround the bed be charlie be mother , teresa , and teresa be mother . the camera move in closer as we hear the sound of mechanical voice come from the t.v. set in the lobby . teresa be mother lean over and whisper into charlie be father 's ear . teresa's mother turridu ... that 's you boy Charles . do not you know he . be not that Charles ? there be no answer . charlie be embarrassed . teresa be mother ask again . teresa's mother ( continued ) who be that ? charlie' father che guevara . charlie do not know how to react . teresa's mother look up with a half smile in disbelief . the other Visitors give off a small ripple of nervous laughter , repeat it ... in whisper . charlie look about nervously . through the door of the hospital room can be see several of the older patient gather around a t.v. in the hallway . they be watch the race , the announcer 's voice be blaring almost incomprehensibly . 41 . int . hamptons cottage - day teresa and charlie make love . dissolve to : charlie be get dress . teresa be wrap warmly in the sheet - still in bed . charlie ... he must have hear the name from that t.v. 's in the hall that be blaring all the time . I remember guevara be in town at the time . must have hear it from there I guess ... but that 's funny , be not it ? teresa ummmmmmmmmmmmm . charlie of all people . now say the truth . do I look like che guevara . c'mon . they laugh . he cross to teresa and they kiss . teresa I be sleepy . charlie you have be run round too much . Bet you have be forget you medicine . teresa the green capsule in the top drawer . charlie get she the pill and head out of the cottage for a walk . ext . roadway - hamptons - day charlie be walk along the roadway and look at the different cottage . he be carry a notebook to which he periodically refer . he stop in front of a luxurious cottage and check the address on the signpost with the one in he notebook beside which be list the name groppi . he remain stand at a safe distance from the cottage stare at it . it look desert . fantasy 42 . ext . roadway in front of cottage - day charlie walk directly to the front door of the cottage and ring the bell confidently . the door be open immediately which startles he . from inside the house we see groppi be back as he hold the door open . he be in a satin robe . we can see charlie be startle face through the partially open door . groppi what do you want kid ? at that moment a nude girl , she back to the camera appear in the foreground . this startles charlie even more . groppi what do you want ?....... well ? charlie I ... I be sell encyclopedias ... er a magazine ... newspaper ... I be conduct a survey ... i... groppi we do not want no fuckin ' book ! groppi slam the door in charlie be face . reality ext . roadway in front of cottage - day charlie be still stand in front of the cottage . suddenly a little boy of about nine appear . boy there 's nobody here mister . charlie turn in surprise . charlie be not this Jack groppi 's place ? boy yeah . but he be not here now . charlie know where he be ? boy follow I . the boy lead he towards a heavily overgrown treed area . 43. charlie how much farther ? charlie repeat this question periodically as he follow the boy . finally charlie find himself alone in the middle of a dense forest with the boy nowhere in sight . he call out but there be no answer . he realize he 's be have . charlie ( confession ) now , do not get excited . charlie be try to find he way out of the forest . charlie ( continued ) ' the stone which the builder ' reject will become the cornerstone ' ... I think . int . italian cafe - day a loud brass band be play " oh johnny , oh johnny , how you can Love " inside the cafe . they be part of a religious festival and giovanni have invite they in for drink . in return they be play for he . giovanni have be drink . the song end . giovanni play it again !!! everyone laugh and join in . everyone one more time ... play it again ... the band begin the song for the second time . charlie enter the cafe and go directly to he uncle who embrace he . giovanni ( shout boisterously over the music ) take a drink ! charlie ( shout ) ok . charlie sit next to he uncle and look around at the crowd in the cafe which be now sing along with the band . giovanni be smile broadly . loud applause follow the end of the song and the band try clumsily to make its way through the crowd and out of the cafe . 44 . giovanni hey , where you be ? charlie ( smiling nervously ) oh...around ... why ? giovanni ( leaning closer ) you hear what happen to groppi , eh ? charlie get very nervous at the mention of groppi be name . charlie ( innocently ) who I ? ... no , I do not know , not I ... all I know be ... giovanni ( cut charlie off with a gesture of he forefinger ) we friend , groppi , go to he mother 's house . and when he be there ... at night ... CUT to : darkened room - night a old woman be sit in front of the television watch johnny carson' tonight show . giovanni ( continue in voice over ) ...he walk into he mother 's room where she 's watch television ... and he say to she ... groppi have enter the room with he back to the camera . giovanni ... that he 's sorry . groppi leave the frame . the old woman look up from the television . old woman it 's all right . we see groppi walk towards the bathroom . 45 . giovanni ( voice over continue ) ...he go in the next room ... groppi turn on the bathroom light . giovanni ( voice over continue ) ...he take a gun and put it in he mouth and ... groppi stand with the gun in he hand . he lift it to he head . he put the barrel into he mouth . he pull the trigger . fast fade to white int . italian cafe - day giovanni ( with a italian hand gesture ) ...so ... charlie be visibly shocked . giovanni ( smiling ) how do you like that , eh ? he be always a little crazy , y'know ... groppi ... a little crazy . charlie look up to see michael , stand at the entrance of the cafe . he wave to charlie in a friendly manner . charlie wave back and giovanni look up , squinting to see who it be . michael do not approach the table . in respect to giovanni he signal to charlie that he would like to see he outside . charlie ( grudgingly ) not now ... in a few minute ...ok ? michael be surprised at be speak to in such a curt manner , especially in giovanni be presence because he feel he have lose status . charlie and giovanni continue they conversation . CUT to : ext . STREET corner - near cafe - day michael I give he all the break I can give . 46 . charlie oh Michael , look ... michael nevamind ' look ' ... this punk bastard ... I call he at work ... I say ' johnny Boy there ? '... he do not even show up for work anymore ... charlie look ... I have talk to he and I have talk to he ... what more can I do ...? tonight at the party all three of we get together and we knock some sense into he head ...ok ? michael all right ... but understand , I do not like be take advantage of . I mean you be in there talk with you uncle and all ... this be embarass . charlie we will settle it tonight . two young boy about 15 year old walk up to charlie . boy # 1 hey , you sell firecracker ? charlie firecracker ! no ...no . boy # 1 you know where we can get some ? charlie sure , see that guy over there ... he point to michael . charlie ( continuing ) ...him . he 's get the best . the boy go over to michael . boy # 1 hey - fella ... you sell firecracker ? 47 . michael sssh ! quiet . ( he look around ) y'know that 's illegal . boy # 2 well the guy over there say ... michael ( interrupting ) yeah , yeah , never mind . you gotta be careful . boy # 1 we go down to Chinatown but they do not have any . michael yeah , well , keep away from that chinx . they do not have shit . boy # 2 well , we get $ 40 , and we wanna buy ... michael ( interrupting ) all right ! quiet ! for $ 40 I could give you ... boy # 1 well , I do not know if we want to buy all $ 40 worth ... michael hey ! you want good stuff , or you want shit ? boy # 2 well , we want good stuff . michael well , my stuff come from maryland ... you know what that mean ? boy # 1 no . michael that mean it 's good . boy # 1 you get sparkler ? 48 . michael yeah . boy # 2 and cherry bomb ... ash can ... and rocket ? michael ok . for another $ 5.00 a special on the pack . boy # 1 no , all we get be $ 40 . michael you sure ? boy yeah . michael ok . wait here . michael go to tony , who have be stand in front of the cafe with a group of boy . they talk for a minute , and go back to the wait boy . michael ( to the boy ) c'mon . get in the car . the four of they get into tony be car . they drive to chinatown . ext . chinatown - day in tony's car michael ok , you guy get out , and wait here for I . boy why ? michael I gotta get the stuff . boy can not we come with you ? michael nobody see where I get the stuff . that 's good business . I will be back in thirty minute . 49 . they start to get out . michael hey hold it ! gimmie the cash . boy uh...can we give you a check ? michael a check ? what the ...hey , where you kid from ? boy # 1 riverdale . michael ( contemptuosly ) well , maybe they do that in riverdale , but down here we take cash . now , you get it or not ? they give he the money . michael ok . now wait here ... and keep you mouth shut ! the car pull away . tony how much ? michael not bad . $ 20 . here , $ 5 . tony can you spare it ? michael sure . tony ( sarcastically ) thanks . ext . lower east side - day the car pull up at tony's place . tony yell to charlie , who be stand outside . tony hey Charlie . get in . charlie get in . 50 . charlie what 's a'matter ? michael nothin ' . just stiffe that kid . do not want them comin ' back and findin ' you ... start ask you question . charlie how much ? michael $ 20 . charlie let 's go to the movie ... on you . tony yeah . michael ok guy ... have a heart . this be my business . black &amp ; white ext . night - in front of movie theater the boy be pay for they ticket . int . movie theater - night donovan' reef be show . we see a brief scene from the film which have JOHN wayne fight lee marvin in a big bar - room brawl . CUT to : the boy smile and watch . CUT to : ext . chinatown - night black &amp ; white the two boy from riverdale be still watch on the corner , in the dark . int . charlie' apartment - day charlie be at home shave . 51 . charlie ( confession ) you know damn well what 's go to happen tonight . I will probably get drunk at that party ... it be not every day you send one of you best friend off to war for God and country ... gotta have a party . I mean , he 's a nice kid . CUT to : charlie be glue on a fake beard . charlie ( voice over ) I do not know what you think of he but that 's between you and he anyway ... I can not help feel sorry for he though . have a talent but do not use it ... his brain . a ' unprofitable servant who shall be cast forth into the darkness outside , where there will be ... CUT to : Television image of old woman mourn they dead in India . the image be slow motion . the news continue with more trivial news image ... ( Washington investigation , demonstration , etc . ) charlie ( continue voice over ) ... the weep and the gnash of tooth ' ... or something like that . my talent 's my brain too but I use my talent ... I be not say that I be a genius ... you will probably be the first one to agree on that , but I can tell the difference between the intelligent and the stupid . take the army for example ... CUT to : charlie grab a white robe off he bed . we do not see he face . charlie ( continue voice over ) that 's there and I be here and that 's the way it 's go to stay ! 52 . int . west side tenement apartment bathroom - night tony enter the bathroom , turn on the light and lock the door . Party noise can be hear in the background tony be wear a overcoat and be dress as a World War I " dough boy " . atop he head be a mask , the feature of which can not be see . he open the coat to reveal twenty packet of red jello . he turn on the hot water in the bathtub and slowly begin to empty each packet of jello into the tub of steaming water . CUT to : live room &amp ; kitchenette - party - night most of the character that be at the club the other night be present at the party . many of they be dress in semi- masquerade outfit . some be wear soldier ' uniform . one wear a sheet make up to be a Roman toga . the girl be in costume also . all of the costume be makeshift . michael be make up as dracula , sport a large cape , semi tuxedo - type suit , and a drop of blood on the corner of he mouth . his hair be slicked back to give he a " bela lugosi " look . he be show a picture of a girl to one of the boy , proudly proclaim that she be he latest conquest . tony come out of the bathroom and pass by . he take the photo from michael . Group attention focus on tony now . he stare at the picture , hold it away from he , then closer to he face , then sideways and finally upside - down . teresa oh sure ! I know she Michael ... in fact , I see she a few day ago under a bridge in Jersey , make out with a nigger . michael grimace in shock . he spit . michael you sure ?... a nigger ... uh!... and I kiss she . he wipe he lip with he cape . the guest of honor , the young soldier be very drunk . he be attempt to open he go away present , one of which turn out to be a carefully fold american flag . he attempt to open it with one great flourish . he fail however , knock over the glass on the table . the group applaud . 53. suddenly , the doorbell ring and everyone look up . the door open and charlie appear , arm outstretch , dress as the ressurect Christ - with white robe , fake beard and hair , and artificial wound . his arm stretch out wider . the initial shock wear off and tony greet he . tony ( smiling ) hallelujah !! charlie enter in mock holiness . charlie I have come to create order ... scotch and water please . they all laugh . the rock music blare as charlie walk to and for bless all in the room . tony be delighted with the scene . charlie sit at the kitchen table , tony opposite he , and the other gather around . the party be get noisier . tony give charlie a glass of ice cube . charlie play the part of a priest , during the mass when the chalice be fill with wine and water , tony pour the scotch over he finger first . charlie lift he hand to touch the bottle as a priest would . he signifies that there be enough in the glass . tony then repeat the same ritual with a bottle of soda-water . charlie May God be with you . tony ' and with you spirit . ' charlie ( gesture with he drink ) salute !!! everyone drink after repeat the toast . the crowd around they begin to break up as charlie and tony begin to have fun with each other . tony pull down he mask , revealing a skeleton death face which cover he own face except for he mouth . it complete the dough - boy uniform quite well . tony ( take on the guise of a interviewer ) ' Art thou the King of the Jews ' ? charlie ' dost thou say this of thyself , or have other tell thee of I ?' 54 . tony ' be I a Jew ? thy own people and the chief priest have deliver thee to I . what hast thou do ? ' michael and a few of the other gather around again as they continue . charlie ' my kingdom be not of this world . if my kingdom be of this world my follower would have fight that I might not be deliver to the Jews . but , as it be my kingdom be not from here . ' tony ' thou art then a king ? ' charlie ' thou sayest it ; I be a king . this be why I be bear and why I have come into this world , to bear witness to the truth . everyone who be of the truth hear my voice . ' tony lean over towards charlie . tony ' what be the truth ? ' the other around they give mock applause . tony smile and nod he head to they . charlie laugh . they drink . someone hit charlie on the back of the head . charlie startle , look up . tony prophesy to we , oh Christ ! who be it that strike thee ? charlie I do not know , but God help he if he do it again ! they all laugh . int . same apartment - next room - night charlie be talk to michael . the conversation be serious . charlie have not lose he sense of humor . charlie he say he would be here . 55 . michael well , he be not . Nice ... real nice . charlie he will be here . look , take this for now . he hand michael a twenty dollar bill from under he robe . michael you kiddin . the way it be now this be not even interest for two hour . charlie ( put the bill back into he pocket ) how much be the original loan again ? michael $ 500 . he borrow that because he want to pay off he other loan ... now , count the interest ... it 's almost $ 3,000 . charlie $ 3,000 . shit ! can we hold it at $ 3,000 ? michael Charlie , this be business . charlie ( avoid the issue ) ' but I say to you , love you enemy , do good to that who hate you , and pray for that who persecute ... ' michael I will tell you who you can pray for ... next payday , I will be at tony 's place ... johnny better show or I find he and break he leg ... and I mean it . charlie ( in the same manner ) ' but I say to you not to resist the evildoer ; on the contrary , if someone take thy tunic , let he take thy cloak as well ... to he who ask of thee , give ; and from he who would borrow of thee do not turn away ! 56 . michael ( exasperated ) he could at least show some respect and show he face , even if he do not have the money ... charlie ( more serious now ) ' amen I say to thee , thou will not come out from it until thou hast pay the last penny . ' michael you say it . a loud scream be hear from the bathroom . CUT to : apartment - bathroom - night someone shove a nude girl into the bathtub which be now fill with congeal red jello . the boy be laugh and shove each other about roughly . charlie come out of the next room and walk along in a Christ like manner through the madness , he arm outstretch . one boy kneel and kiss the hem of he robe and charlie bless he . there be a great deal of push and shove go on inside the bathroom and near the doorway . charlie promise to save the sinner as he push he way through . he help the girl remove the jello from she body and help she out of the bathtub . it be obvious that she be quite stone . she caress he and they find themselves kissing . the other storm into the bathroom and grab charlie . everyone blasphemy !... the anti-christ ! crucify he !! they drag charlie into the next room where , amidst all the shouting and laugh , the other member of the party be place firecracker on model airplane , simulate they own " dog fight " . they be fly the plane out the open window . charlie take everything in stride try to shout a few line over they laughter . charlie ' Father ... forgive they ... for they know not ... what they do ... ' the doorbell ring and tony answer it . it be teresa and she look very worried . 57 . teresa Charlie ...? Charlie here ...? CUT to : black &amp ; white ext . STREET - night charlie and teresa dash from a tenement doorway . charlie be still in beard and wig but he robe be open so they give the effect of be a bulky overcoat . teresa ( frantically ) the building on the corner . that one ! he 's be on the roof a half hour now ! charlie now do not get excited . do not get excited !! it be very late and the street be desert . at the corner of the building in question , a few of johnny boy be friend cling to the wall for safety . when they see charlie and teresa they call out . friend Charlie , stay there ... he 's crazy ... he 's get a 22 . teresa get up against a wall . charlie send she down the block and she leave reluctantly . charlie johnny it 's I , Charlie . johnny boy can now be see silhouett against the moonlight on the tenement roof . he have a gun in he hand . johnny boy do not come any closer !!! charlie cut it out stupid . it 's I . johnny boy fire a shot into the air . charlie cling to the wall with the other . a moment later he make a quick run for the doorway of the building across the street . he enter the building that lead to the roof . black &amp ; white 58 . ext . tenement roof - night charlie have reach the roof . johnny boy Charlie ... pssst . over here . he laugh with glee . charlie what be you ... crazy ? he slap johnny boy on the back of the head . johnny boy hey ... do not do that ... I be only scare they . charlie stupid bastard ... you get you cousin half - sick over this . the boy below be still cling to the wall of the building . johnny be oblivious to charlie be statement . johnny boy watch this . he take out a home make firecracker consist of glass cigar tub fill with gunpowder and a wax fuse stick through the top layer of cork . he light it . charlie what the fuck ... johnny boy toss it over the building and it blow up in mid-air . the boy below rush madly away . light go on in the tenement around they . the explosion be quite loud . charlie let 's get out of here . johnny boy ( laughing ) do you see they run ! black &amp ; white ext . cemetary - night charlie and johnny boy be sneaking over a fence in a old cemetary which be part of they neighborhood . it surround they church and date back to the beginning of the 19th century . no one be bury there any longer . 59 . it be very quiet and dark . they sit and rest . charlie be still in he makeup . johnny boy I swear to God Charlie ... my arm still hurt from the car accident ... that 's why I do not go to work . I swear it . charlie ( angry ) that 's not go to help . johnny boy I be go to work this week ... I mean it . charlie it 's impossible for you to catch up on the loan now ... the interest be go up ... $ 3,000 ... do you realize that , flash ? johnny boy I be sorry Charlie ... I do not mean it . charlie Big deal ... in the meantime , it 's do ... I will still try to help you out ... you know that ... but you gotta show some effort ... some respect ... understand ? johnny boy Charlie , you know the best way to take care of this whole mess . charlie how ? johnny boy ( coaxing ) if you have a little talk with you uncle ... if anybody can do it , he can . charlie that will help you out fine . that 's the best way for you , not for I ! I swear to God , I will rip you open if my uncle ever hear a word about this . you understand ? I do not care what happen , he do not find out . ( more ) 60 . charlie ( cont 'd ) I do not get involved with anything , you understand that ? nothing ! I be clean as far as you know ... right ? johnny boy yeah , take it easy . will you relax . charlie that 's what I get for get involved . look , on pay- day at least show up at tony 's place to meet he , ok ? this way he do not think that you be try to screw he . if you show good faith and save he face maybe we can talk and he will take off the interest or make different payment arrangement or something ... understand ? I be not ask I be tell you !! johnny boy I understand . johnny boy close he eye . charlie look at johnny boy and then look at the cemetary in the moonlight . it seem totally apart from the city with the siren and car far in the distance . charlie stand and unravel he robe , prepare to take they off . he project the image of Christ deliver a sermon . Music and laughter in the distance catch he attention . the light and the music be come from the top floor of a tenement building where a Puerto rican family be have a party . the sound echoe through the street . decoration be hang and blow away through the open window . as charlie watch a fight break out over one of the girl . scream be hear . people run up and down the fire escape . charlie have pull off the robe . he now remove the beard and wig and have become himself again . he lean over to find johnny boy fast asleep on a tomb . charlie ' could you not , then , watch one hour with I ?' he wake johnny boy up . charlie ' the spirit be willing but the flesh be weak . ' 61 . they leave . int . oscar' restaurant - night charlie be sit in the corner . the restaurant be in the same condition that it be the last time he be there . while charlie wait for he uncle in he semi-private corner , a handful of old mafiosi , invite by giovanni , sit at another table . giovanni enter with mario . the old mafiosi be greet first . they rise and kiss giovanni on the cheek . charlie be very impressed at they respectful show . the waitress and everyone else in the club treat they all like royalty . CUT to : oscar approach the table where charlie , giovanni , and mario be seat and greet they warmly . oscar put the menus away . I , personally do the cooking tonight . giovanni Fine ... that 's why I be here . mario calamari ? oscar capozelle , calamari ... anything you want ... giovanni ( pouring wine ) drink . dissolve to : int . oscar' restaurant - later in the meal oscar sit . oscar giovanni...er...can I talk ? refering to charlie . giovanni nod he head yes . oscar about the place , Giovanni ... 62 . giovanni ... I know all about it . we will discuss it later . oscar ( continuing ) we arrangement about the place have not change , have they ? I mean ... giovanni ( good - naturedly ) no , no , not at all ... look , we leave it the way it be for now , we talk later , understand ? oscar ( somewhat relieved ) sure , Giovanni ... I understand . I will bring the clam now . dissolve to : int . oscar' restaurant - during dinner charlie be visible awed by giovanni and mario be confidence and power . he be behave as if he be at a job interview ... very formally . charlie have often have dinner with he uncle but this time the conversation be more point . they conversation be mostly in italian with english title . they be discusss groppi be suicide . charlie I really could not believe it when you tell I , you know that ? giovanni well , he be always a little crazy ... he put a gun in he mouth ... ( he smile ) ... like you friend ... comme si chiama ... henn ? heming ? charlie hemmingway . kill himself . I be more upset about that than about groppi , that 's for sure . giovanni ( laugh to mario ) you know , this boy over here , once , long time ago , try to enrich my mind ... so he give I a book by this hemin fella ... to read , so I read it . 63. charlie be not a book ... be a short story . mario what be it ? charlie ( embarrassed ) nothing . mario no , c'mon ... y'know , I read . charlie ( muttering ) " Francis macomber . " mario wha ? the conversation be now english . charlie ( softly ) " short happy life of Francis macomber . " mario oh yeah ... do not read it but I see the movie ... Gregory peck ... pretty good . giovanni yeh , mario over here , he read a lot . in italian . giovanni surprise ? mario I like this harold robbin ... charlie ( politely ) oh yes , he 's pretty good . giovanni what I do not understand be why you have to go to college to read this book that you be gonna read anyway . 64 . charlie it 's only a couple of course ... just for the draft . mario Charlie , couple of course be not enough to get you student defer ... I mean if they want to draft you , you would have be draft by now . charlie feel that it would be better not to pursue the point . giovanni what mario 's try to tell you , Charlie , be that you be waste you time with that " couple of course " ... you do not need they . there be a lot of thing that can be take care of ... you know what I mean ? they all laugh . dissolve to : they become aware of the t.v. set which be on in the rear of the back room where they be dining . the news be on ... politics , society , and war . giovanni this politician ... they talk nice . charlie listen attentively , but obviously have hear giovanni be philosophy before . giovanni ( continuing ) ... but it 's the same thing , all the same ... they be in there by have something on somebody ... and when that do not work ... they fight ... we life have honor ... we have no show to put on because we do what we have to do . they know where to come when they need we . I realize this during the war ... World War ii ... vito genovese ... during WWII he work with the government , take care of the dock ... charlie what do he do ? 65 . giovanni what do he do ? he be there ... that 's what he do . mario in the fifty when the communist start in with this country and they try to clean they out , we offer to do it for they ... but they do not want we to ... so we keep out of it . charlie nod . giovanni ( to charlie ) I tell this ... the same thing to you father thirty year ago ... I tell he what to do ... but he do not listen . int . oscar' restaurant - coffee the conversation turn to more direct topic while they have they coffee and ainsette . giovanni you be still around with that kid johnny Boy ... last night with that gun ... do not get mix up with they . this johnny Boy , you know , he 's name after I ... ( sarcastic ) nice , eh? this johnny Boy be like you mister groppi... a little crazy . it 's nice you should help he out because of he family and we family but watch yourself ... do not spoil anything . charlie nod , feel very uneasy . giovanni ( confidentially ) his whole family have problem ... he cousin , the girl who life next door to you ... charlie Teresa . giovanni ... the one who 's sick , right ? in the head . 66 . charlie no , she 's get epilepsy . giovanni yeah . that 's what I say , sick in the head . charlie nod . giovanni her mother and father come to I and ask advice ... she want to leave ... get she own apartment ... worry they sick ... what be I gonna tell they ? lock she up ? charlie what do they expect you to say ? giovanni who know ? it 's not hard to figure out what she will wind up like . when the respect for parent break down , that 's bad ... you know I be " cumpari " with they ... so I take a interest . you live next door , keep a eye open ... but do not get involved . charlie all right . mario why do not you take a look around the place if you want ? charlie oh , that 's ok ... I have be in and out of this place fifty time . giovanni well , maybe you miss something ? charlie ( catch on ) oh yeah , that 's a possibility . charlie head for the kitchen . charlie ( confession ) ... look good ... thing look good , if I may say so myself . do not you agree ? unless there 's something you know that I do not know ? CUT to : 67 . int . oscar' restaurant kitchen - night charlie be examine the kitchen closely . a black cook be work hard , take a piece of meat off the grill . he carefully prepare a dish . cook hi Charlie . charlie smile and move in closer to the grill . the cook be sweat and mop he brow . cook ( continuing ) man , it 's hot as Hell in here , every day like go through Hell in here . charlie move in closer and the cook continue prepare the food . charlie ( smiling ) hot as hell ... you be not the only one go through Hell kid . cook maybe so ... but at this pay it be not worth it ... that much I can tell you . charlie have not be listen to the cook . he have become fascinate with the flame on the grill . they remind he of a old device from he Catholic School day . charlie bring he hand forward and closer to the fire , testing the pain of the " fire of Hell . " charlie ( confession ) ' if thy hand be a occasion of sin to thee , cut it off . it be better for thee to enter into life maim than have two hand to go into hell , into the unquenchable fire . ' where they worm die not and the fire be not quench . ' charlie be hand touch the flame . he wince . Music in . int . tony's car ( new cadillac convertible -top up ) - day charlie , johnny , tony and jimmy be drive along in tony be car . as they talk , a derelict take advantage of a red light to wipe they windshield . 68 . tony roll up the window and roll the car forward a bit to force the derelict out of the way . tony be it near Sullivan Street ? jimmy no - by bedford . tony oh - you gotta show I . I always get lose in the village . charlie next time , bet with you own kind . jimmy the number be 235 - I bet it combination . charlie it will be ok - I know that guy . they will not stiff you . jimmy I bet 235 . because I dreamt of my grandfather - and when he die , the number of the funeral parlour be 235 - so when I dreamt ... johnny boy yeah , yeah - enough . they arrive at the bar . joey hello Charlie , you canonize yet ? charlie no - not yet - just bless . CUT to : boy be in mid-discussion . jimmy on Friday , the 25th -- I place it with sally -- joey ( be distract ) I never hear of it . 69 . charlie oh joey , really ... we be all friend here -- let 's cut the bullshit . joey ( begin to chuckle ) ... well ... ( to jimmy ) you get a good friend here -- come to think of it , I do remember now . johnny boy ( under he breath ) scumbag -- tony ( nudging johnny boy ) ( under he breath ) shut up . joey ( making excuse ) well , Friday 's be busy -- a mistake can be make y'know . have another drink . charlie whatever , just let settle this and it 's all forget . johnny boy I do not forget nothin . joey look at johnny boy but decide to let it pass . charlie give johnny boy a dirty look . Music be play on a juke box . several girl stand nearby listen to both the music and the discussion . johnny boy look over at they and then at joey . johnny boy lower the fuckin music -- I can not hear nothin . joey the girl like it loud . johnny boy Girls ? you call that skank girl ?! joey , he friend , and the girl all look up . joey be attitude change . 70 . joey ( to charlie ) what 's the matter with this kid ? johnny boy I feel fine -- nothing wrong with I . charlie keep you mouth shut . johnny boy you tell I that in front of this creep ? joey we will not pay ... jimmy why ? we just say ... johnny boy ( interrupting ) we will not pay ... because this guy ( point to jimmy ) be a...mook . jimmy but I do not say nothin . the fellow look at each other bewilder . joey ( to jimmy ) we do not pay mook ! nobody know what a mook be . jimmy attitude now change . jimmy ( angrily ) a mook ... I be a mook ... ( pause ) what 's a mook ? charlie can no longer control the situation as temper rise . jimmy you can not call I a mook ! jimmy swing at joey . a fight break out . jimmy , charlie , tony and johnny boy be beat . charlie , not badly hurt manage to calm everything down . the police arrive to break up the fight . people look iin as the two cop walk into the bar . the boy stop fight immediately as they see the cop . 71 . in fact , they treat charlie and the other as friend -- help they up off the floor , dusting off the clothes , etc . the police search everyone . when they ask who start it -- what happen , etc . everybody include charlie and the other cover for everyone else . " it be a joke officer " " he 's my cousin " " we be just kid , " etc . the cop nod . " play nice now " and leave . everyone apologize to each other . they drink again . johnny boy do not say a word -- just stare . joey we be gonna pay you Jimmy , we just do not like be move in on . charlie c'mon -- I be movin ' in on you ? let 's have another drink and forget about it . they drink again . joey give jimmy the money , jimmy go to count it . joey do not count it ... it 's all there . johnny boy ( sarcastic ) Count it . joey hey , c'mon - no bullshit - friend . joey extend he hand . jimmy and charlie shake . joey extend he hand to johnny . johnny boy do not fuckin ' touch I - scumbag . charlie and the other " oh no . " charlie shut up stupid . he be interrupt by a fly fist . the fight break out anew . they barely make it to the door . jimmy be out first , with he cash . they run down the street . the west side boy do not chase they but stand by they bar shouting after they . johnny be laugh as he run . charlie yell at he . 72 . charlie you get some mouth ! jimmy johnny , you be a real jerk - off . johnny boy ( laughing ) what be ya holler ? you get you money . they reach the car . tony head in first behind the wheel . tony ( about to take off ) fuck youse all . the other jump in . charlie you get no honor tony . charge ! the car start off . garbage and garbage pail be toss after they as the boy take off . int . tony's place CUT to : a long -haired rock group the lead guitarist hold he guitar out like a machine gun and strum frantically on it swinging it back and forth at the audience and then at the rest of the group . as he do so , the rest of the group fall " dead " over they instrument . the number be over and they all get up . the place be empty except for charlie , tony , and a few other , all of whom have be listen to the band . they applaude . CUT to : int . tony's place charlie be talk to the leader of the group . charlie no , really , I like it ... think it be great . boy thanks . 73. charlie what be you plan ? boy well , we be here for about two week , then whatever else come along ... we be still work on we album and ... charlie great ...great ... listen , I be very interested in you guy because I will be open a new club myself soon ... uptown ... and maybe we can work something out ... boy sound good . charlie of course , ' the season of the witch ' will not be ready for a while yet but we have to keep in touch . CUT to : int . tony's place - phone booth charlie be call teresa . the rock group be take a break before they evening performance and they can be hear break up the session in the background . tony and the other be get the table ready . charlie Teresa ?... yeah , Charlie . listen , I be look for you cousin . yeah , well today 's Tuesday , payday . I have not see he all day ...no ... well , have you get any idea where he be ? I know it 's early yet but I be just get worried that 's all ... teresa Charlie ... I have get to see you . I want to talk ... charlie honey , I can not talk now ... I have gotta run , bye . teresa but ... 74 . charlie I will see you later . he hang up . CUT to : int . tony's place - dressing room charlie can see the negro stripper , diane , down the hall , in she dress room . she be put on she makeup . charlie be still very attract to she . he enter she room . charlie Diane , how be you feel ? diane ( coldly ) Fine . as charlie continue to talk to she she undress and begin to get into she first costume . charlie feel slightly uncomfortable . charlie you know Diane ... I have be want to talk to you for a while now ...er ... a ... ( she be undress ) aside from all that joke around we do out there ... when you be on ... i... a... I really ... think that you be a terrific performer ... diane Fine . charlie no , I be serious ... you be really good . diane I know . charlie in a little while ... I be gonna have the opportunity of open my own place ... not here ... much nicer than this ...uptown ... sort of nite - club and restaurant and everything . diane that 's nice . 75 . charlie I be think maybe you would do very nicely for the place . diane stripper ? charlie no ...no stripping ... as the hostess . diane hostess ? charlie yeah , you know ... you greet the people ... see they to they table ... well ... it will be different though ... listen ... why do not we get together and talk after you show tonight . diane chinese food ? charlie ok. chinese . we will meet on the corner of 6th Avenue and waverly place after you finish . diane why not here ... ok nevermind ... 6 th Avenue and waverly . charlie bye . CUT to : ext . tony's place - near entrance charlie bump into michael and a friend as he be leave . michael be see you and johnny tonight ... here ... right ? charlie we will be here . michael be sarcastic . he point to the park car in front of he . michael I tell you , Charlie . if that kid do not show up tonight ... 76 . michael be plan be see on the screen as he speak . michael ... I be gonna find he , drag he down here , tie one of he leg to that Ford bumper over here ... johnny boy be drag to the car and michael be friend tie he leg to the car . michael ... and he other leg to that Chrysler over there . johnny boy be other leg be tie to the Chrysler . michael ... and bam !!! we see a close - up of a foot slamm down on the gas pedal , twice . one car head for the West side -- the other to the East side . tire screech and exhaust fume fill the air . all three laugh . charlie look , Michael , I will get he here . what do you want I to do , kill he ? michael whatever . charlie leave . CUT to : int . charlie' apartment charlie be on the phone try to locate johnny boy . teresa be pace back and forth nervously in the background . charlie hang up . charlie be you sure he do not say anything to you about tonight ? teresa for God 's sake ... I tell you before ... nothing . ( she move closer ) Charlie , I can not stay in here too long at this hour ... will you please listen to I ? 77 . charlie turn and smile at she . he kiss she because he do not feel like listen . teresa be too preoccupy to respond . charlie turn . charlie ( muttering ) ... that sonofabitch . CUT to : ext . night - black and white johnny boy walk through greenwich Village look around as if be chase . CUT to : int . charlie' apartment charlie be kissing teresa who be still very upset . teresa but Charlie ... it 's uptown and it 's perfect . it 's big enough for two people ... she 's go to get out by the end of the month . if you do not act right away , it will go in no time . what do you think ? CUT to : ext . STREET - night - black and white johnny boy be make he way back to the apartment by sneaking along the side of the building in the darken street . CUT to : int . charlie' apartment charlie try to make love to teresa out of he nervous energy and impatience at wait so long for johnny boy . teresa be rejecting he attempt . CUT to : ext . STREET - night - black and white johnny boy imagine he be be follow and dash into the door of a nearby building and up the stair . CUT to : 78 . int . charlie' apartment charlie be doubly frustrated by teresa be rejection of he attempt at lovemake because of he concern for johnny boy . he become sarcastic and abrupt . teresa do not you realize what that apartment mean ? charlie do not answer . teresa continue . teresa do you ? for both of we . think ... after a while you might even be able to move in yourself . charlie laugh . teresa be visibly shake but charlie cannot be bother . charlie be you serious ? I move in with you . you crazy ? CUT to : ext . rooftop - night - black and white johnny boy be silhouett against the moonlight . he make he way quietly over the roof of the tenement and climb down charlie be fire escape . CUT to : int . charlie' apartment charlie ( continue ) Teresa , get this idea out of you head ... I have get enough on my hand right now ... with that bastard cousin of yours . you wanna move ? go ahead . by all mean ! but keep I out of it ... I have get nothing to do with it ... you understand ... nothing . CUT to : charlie' window johnny boy be at charlie 's window . through it he can see teresa lie on the bed in tear and charlie pace back and forth across the room . 79 . he be still talk loudly , johnny boy do not seem to pay any attention to the fact that teresa be in charlie be bedroom . he open the window and jump in , smile sarcastically . teresa and charlie be startle . charlie grab johnny boy by he coat collar . charlie where be you ? answer I , you sonofabitch ! where be you ? teresa be frighten and rush towards charlie . johnny boy react to the scene with uncontrolled laughter . charlie be outrage and slap he across the face but johnny continue to laugh . teresa scream . charlie ( to teresa ) shut up ! johnny boy ( to teresa ) yeah , Teresa , shut up ! we do not wanna get Charlie here in trouble , do we ?... we love Charlie . charlie fling johnny boy against a wardrobe , let go of he collar . charlie you have I go crazy ! teresa be cry . johnny go into the kitchen and charlie follow . teresa stay in the doorway . CUT to : int . kitchen - charlie' apartment johnny boy take a drink of water from the sink as he talk . charlie be calmer now ; calm enough to realize that johnny have figure out he true relationship to teresa . he try to protect himself . charlie you cousin here be get sick , worry about you . we have be in here call ... johnny boy oh , that 's too bad , Teresa ... charlie be embarrassed and teresa be afraid . 80 . johnny boy ( continue ) well kid ... have the ban be announce yet ? charlie do not be smart . johnny boy I be not smart ... I be stupid , remember . I be so stupid that you have to look out for I , remember ? teresa be cry . johnny boy do not be upset Teresa . you have to understand Charlie , here ... he give of himself to help other ... teresa I be go to go home . johnny boy no , you stay . charlie johnny , I swear to God , if you open you mouth about any of this ... johnny boy ( angry ) I ? I would not say a word to my aunt and uncle ... or even you uncle , Charlie ... teresa make it to the door and open it quickly . johnny boy grab she to keep she from leave . charlie rush towards they and pull johnny boy away . by now , they be halfway down the hall . johnny boy ( shout ) Charlie ... I always wonder about she ... what happen when she come ? do she get one of that fit ? eh ? that would be something to see ... johnny boy be interrupt by charlie be fist as it land a solid punch on the right side of he hand . teresa scream and rush to separate they . 81 . johnny boy you rat bastard !! do not hit I again !! charlie stop . johnny boy I think I will fuckin go see you uncle right now ... he would be interested . charlie rush johnny boy towards the stair . they bump into teresa , slamm she against the wall . charlie go ahead ! go on ! and we will see what happen to you without I . teresa be terrify that johnny boy will really go to charlie be uncle . teresa no ...no ... do not . teresa fall , hit the stair with a thud . she lie there moan and toss she head . charlie and johnny boy go to help she . charlie what do I do ? you know anything about this ? johnny boy step over teresa to go down the stair . he turn . johnny boy I do not know ... she 's you girl ... I gotta go . charlie be furious . johnny boy point to teresa who be get worse . johnny boy hate to miss the floor show , though . charlie lunge out at johnny boy shove he halfway down the stair . he have get hold of he coat so that johnny boy can not leave . neighbor from downstairs open they door and come up the stair . charlie , in complete panic , try to put something into teresa be mouth while hold johnny boy at the same time . he shove he hand into she mouth try to pry it open but she bite into it . charlie scream as the blood stream out . he let go of johnny boy . 82. the neighbor take over . one woman appear to know how to administer aid to teresa . CUT to : int . charlie' build - stair johnny boy be halfway down the stair by now . the neighbor take care of teresa . while charlie dash down the stair , charlie grab johnny in the ground floor hallway . ext . STREET - night - black and white in the desert factory section of Manhattan , johnny boy and charlie stand next to a corregate metal garage door . charlie smashes johnny boy against the door send resounding echoe into the street . charlie you crazy bastard ! what be you try to do , ruin I ? johnny boy be not fight back anymore . he be on the verge of tear . charlie smashes he against the door again -- again the crash sound reverberate in the empty street . charlie you ... again , johnny boy be throw up against the door . charlie you threaten I with my uncle ? after what I be do for you ? johnny boy what you be do for I be not worth it ... believe I ! charlie slap johnny boy and push he against the door again . charlie then do not show up tonight and see what happen . charlie stop . he dig he hand into johnny' pocket but he can not find anything . charlie how much have you get for Michael tonight ? 83. johnny boy I only get eight buck on I . charlie stare at johnny boy for a moment then put he hand into he own pocket and pull out three ten dollar bill and three one . charlie here , take twenty buck . with you eight that make twenty - eight buck you give Michael . I keep the thirteen for the weekend . maybe we will eat some chinese food later . johnny boy do not take it . charlie force it into he hand . charlie take it . I be do it for you , stupid ! johnny boy no you be not ... charlie , calmer now , be feel ashamed . charlie oh , cut it out , will ya ? johnny boy Charlie , twenty - eight buck be nothing . the only way to do it be through you uncle ... think about it will you ? charlie no !!! what do you think I be , crazy ??? johnny boy no , I just want to help myself , that 's all . charlie come on . he tug johnny boy along . CUT to : int . tony's place - bar tony you be over a hour late . Michael say he will be back later , though ... 84 . charlie take a drink . johnny boy sit at the bar . the place be beginning to empty and the show be over . charlie take tony aside . charlie watch this kid for I . I have to go someplace but I will be back soon to get Michael and he together . do not even let he go to the bathroom . he turn to johnny boy . charlie do not you move !!! johnny boy ( sulking ) I will be here . do not worry . johnny order a drink . CUT to : int . cab - night - black and white charlie get into the cab . charlie 6th Avenue and waverly place , fast please . the cab take off . they soon arrive at they destination . cab driver where do you want I to stop ? charlie lean back into the seat and peek out the window . charlie no ...do not stop ... just pass real slow , ok ? charlie look out the window and see diane , the negro stripper . she be stand on the corner wait for he . charlie nod he head for the driver to stop . charlie stop here . ( he hesitate ) no ... what be i...crazy ??? take I back to where you pick I up . 85 . cab driver ( sighing ) ok . the car drive away , pass diane who be on the corner . CUT to : int . tony's place charlie be back inside the club . johnny boy back so soon . charlie mind you own business . tony set up drink for they and pour they into shot glass . charlie strike a match and light each glass ... little blue flame dance along the rim of the glass . teresa hey , cut it out . will ya ? he blow out the flame . charlie move to the other and of the room with he drink . charlie ( confession ) you can see thing be not go too well for I at the moment . my willpower and power of persuasion be not what they usually be today . my ability to control event and situation be want . I know . I know ... what can I say ... I offer this as part of my penance . a young couple , two of the few people leave in the place , be have a hushed quarrel at the end of the bar . the boy leave for the men' room . charlie ( to tony ) who 's the girl ? tony jewish ... charlie how do you know ? 86 . tony look at she . charlie she do not look jewish . tony sure she be . she 's always in here with some different guy . you know the way they be . charlie approach the girl . charlie I love you . the girl look at he , first embarrassed , then annoyed . charlie ( smiling ) ever since that first day I see you at the convent with the nun , play volleyball , I could not help myself . girl you italian ? charlie yeah why ? girl you do not look it . the girl laugh . her boyfriend come out of the men' room . he have she coat in he hand . girl ( to the Boy ) fuck off . boy ( stunned ) what do you mean ? ( he look at charlie ) ... let 's go . girl you go ... I be stay . boy let 's go ! 87 . charlie reach over and grab the girl be arm tightly . she look up , startle , and the boy appear to be frighten . charlie it 's obvious that the girl do not want to accompany you , be not it ? boy look fella ... this be private ... charlie nothing 's private ... the girl be really scared now . girl I would like to leave . charlie will not let go of she arm . she try to pull away but he grip tighten . charlie whether she want to or not ... she 's not go . boy let go of she . the girl be in tear . girl stop it ... you be hurt I . charlie take she away from I ... I mean physically take she away from I . he be hold she so tightly that she be double over in pain . the boy , although he be scared , lunge at charlie . there be a brief scuffle which tony break up . CUT to : ext . tony's place - back alley - black and white - night johnny boy be lift the lid of a garbage pail . he take out a brown paper bag and open it . he take a small . 22 pistol from it and put it inside he jacket , then replace the bag in the garbage pail . CUT to : 88. int . tony's place - bar area michael have enter the club . the boy and girl be go . tony be with charlie and johnny boy , whose return go unnotice . michael what 's it gonna be ? I be here tonight ... you keep I wait for over a hour . michael have two friend with he . johnny boy hello , Michael . I have get something for you ... not much ... but ... charlie he have about twenty - eight buck ... it 's all he have on he . michael better than nothing . johnny boy take out a ten dollar bill and hand it to he . michael where 's the rest ? charlie yeah , where 's the rest ? johnny boy I buy a few round of drink while wait . charlie be stunne . michael ( angry ) twenty - eight buck be enough of a insult ... I be gonna take the twenty - eight buck because of Charlie here ... but ten buck ! michael take the ten dollar , crumple it and fling it into johnny boy be face . johnny boy pick it up and slowly smooth it out . he set it on fire as he talk . 89 . johnny boy you make I laugh , Michael ... you know that ? I have borrow money all over the neighborhood and never pay it back ... so I could not borrow anymore from they ... so who 's the only jerk off leave that I can borrow from without pay back ... you . because that 's what I think of you ... jerk off . I fuck you where you breathe ! michael lash out at johnny boy with the back of he hand . johnny boy toss the flame bill at michael and quickly pull out he .22 pistol . everyone be shocked . charlie ( muttering ) you be really crazy . michael you be not go to use that gun , johnny . johnny boy do not answer but hold the gun straight at michael be face . michael turn to go , defy johnny boy . his friend follow . when he reach the doorway , he turn . michael you do not have the gut to use that ... be see you Charlie , tony , and of course you John ... be see you . they leave . johnny boy be still freeze with the gun in he hand , point it at mid-air . charlie slam johnny boy across the face with he fist . tony take the gun from he hand . charlie you stupid bastard ! never pull a gun unless you intend to use it . he hit johnny boy again . tony ( holding gun ) ... no bullet in it . charlie hit johnny boy again . 90 . tony get out of here before this really go up . charlie hide the gun . throw it away . anything . listen , I gotta borrow you car ... I think we should take a ride ... away from here for the night ... you know what I mean ? tony ( reluctantly ) ok ... but go to a movie first or something ... not good to be drive around right away . you know you can not do much for he now ... it 's out of you hand . CUT to : scene from " tomb of ligeia " a young girl be in she room with she may . the may be help she dress . eerie music create a frightening atmosphere . charlie and johnny boy watch nervously affect by the film 's mood . the theatre be a 42nd street one with lot of sleep drunk . suddenly , the may 's face begin to contort as if she 's see something horrible . the audience be on edge . the young girl see the may and shout " what be it ? " - but the may only sneeze . CUT to : ext . night - tony's convertible - black and white charlie be drive . johnny boy be beside he in the front seat . the top od the car be down and charlie be drive with no particular destination in mind . johnny boy I think we should see you uncle . charlie no . johnny boy this can not be settle any other way now ... I will take full blame . charlie forget it . 91 . johnny boy what be you go to do ? hide I ? charlie good idea . johnny boy turn away and tune in the radio to a loud rock song . charlie ( confession ) I guess you could safely say that this evening have be so far very unimpressive as far as my effort be concerned ... more unproductive . now , I would like to know what you do , for a encore , Lord ? I know penance be penance but this be something else . johnny boy open he eye . johnny boy what be you talk to yourself ??? he turn up the radio . charlie ( sarcastic ) go ahead ! play the radio ... play music ... you be go to a party ... louder ! go ahead . louder . a party . lot of fun . a black sedan have be drive along parallel to charlie be car , unnotice by charlie . otherwise the street be desert . the car begin to drive charlie off the road . charlie hey , what be this guy , crazy ? CUT to : ext . night - black and white black sedan - michael and another boy . voice now , now 's the time ! charlie turn he head to look . johnny boy look up . they fire the gun . CUT to : 92 . full color shot a barage of bullet ( 5 gunshot ) hit charlie be car . charlie be hit in the hand . johnny boy have be hit in the throat . he stand up and lean over the windshield of the car , spew blood onto it and into the wind . he be scream . the black sedan turn onto another street . CUT to : tony's convertible charlie be so shocked that the car be completely out of control . it go screeching along the street , swerve , and slam into a fire hydrant , break it off and cause water to shoot out onto the sidewalk , car and street . charlie have be throw from the car . he kneel in the street hold he wrist . he be on the yellow letter " FIRE lane . " johnny boy lie against the side of a building -- still . charlie go to the curb and sit there hold he bleed hand . the police arrive with they gun draw . CUT to : ext . neighborhood STREET back in the neighborhood , the religious fiesta be end . the singer on the bandstand be sing the last song of the evening , " vincino amare . " a crowd of elderly italian - Americans stand below the bandstand and listen . there be four singer , they voice project through a PA system . music : continue through all cut . CUT to : teresa's room teresa be in bed , asleep . the music can be hear echoing in the background . CUT to : ext . STREET corner charlie be still sit on the curb hold he injure wrist . the ambulance and the police be go about they business . a crowd have gather . CUT to : giovanni's live room 93. giovanni be watch the late late show on t.v. ( car explosion scene from " the Big heat " ) . aside from the light of the screen , the room be darken . CUT to : all night village luncheonette diane be alone , sip coffee . CUT to : ext . STREET corner the police be stand around charlie with open notebook , question he . he do not answer . johnny boy be body be be take into the ambulance . CUT to : tony's place - men' room tony be relieving himself . he wash he hand . CUT to : neighborhood STREET the last song of the festival be end now . as the singer come to a stir climax they wave and shout in italian . singers good night ... good night ... thank you ... good night ! the band play a few bar of " Home sweet Home . " the singer throw kiss to the dispursing crowd . people who have be watch the festival pull down the blind of shade and go in . CUT to : michael be car - parked michael be car be park in a desert area on the dock . he have he head in he hand . the boy with he say nothing . CUT to : STREET corner charlie be still in shock , sit on the curb . the police be still walk around in a businesslike manner . 94 . charlie stare down at he foot . the wreck car be be pull away . charlie be be put into a ambulance . he be mutter to himself and seem shocked and bewilder . CUT to : int . police station - day early morning . a door in the far corner of the room open . charlie be motion through by a cop , who shut the door immediately behind he . there be a unnaturally loud clanging sound that echoe in the room . charlie look around , still a little daze , and spot mario stand over by the door . mario have make no move to greet he . he just stand there watch . charlie walk over to he , sense something a little ominous . charlie my uncle do not come ? mario say nothing , just nod at he to step outside . charlie go out into the street . mario follow . CUT to : ext . STREET - day there be practically no one on the street . the early morning light make everything a clammy grey . charlie wait at the bottom of the step . mario ( pause for a moment ) Giovanni say now he do enough . he get you outta jail . now ... ( reach in pocket ) he want you outta the way . mario hand charlie a envelope contain a airline ticket . mario he say use it . do not sell it . he say he will see you . someday . maybe . charlie stare at the ticket in he hand . mario be obviously uncomfortable . mario ( abruptly ) thing work out rotten kid . sorry . CUT to : 95 . int . car - day tony be car . he be drive charlie to the airport . a suitcase can be see in the back seat . tony where to ? charlie ( preoccupied ) Kennedy . tony ( try to be jolly ) I know , I know , stupid . I mean where you goin ' ? charlie it 's a open ticket . I can go anywhere up to $ 350 . tony so ? charlie ( edgy ) so I will send you a postcard from wherever . if I get there . tony nervous ? charlie yeah . tony you fly before ? charlie no . CUT to : charlie be face - slightly upset . charlie snap seat belt in car . CUT to : stock shot : airplane explode black and white ( fantasy ) CUT back to : charlie in car - more upset . 96 . charlie ( irritate ) hey , come on ... tony take it easy . I only ask because maybe I could , you know , let you have a little something . charlie yeah , well thanks , but I get enough to hold I . my mother can send I some . I do not know . tony how about Teresa ? I could talk ... charlie ( try not to be impatient ) listen , I appreciate it , but I will handle it myself . I will write . tony and say what ? charlie I will say that I be travel . CUT to : ext . airport - day the twa terminal at Kennedy . tony be car pull up to the curb , charlie get out , wave away help from a idle porter , and pull he suitcase out of the back seat . tony lean across the seat toward he . tony listen , try a place with some sun . swim pool . Palm tree . Girls in little french bathing suit . charlie ( smile ) thanks for the ride . charlie break away from the handshake and grab tony affectionately behind the neck . charlie take care of that tiger . 97 . tony ( correcting he ) panther ... charlie panther ! same thing ... tony hey ... no more good time like before . until you come back . charlie sure . and you be gonna take the vow next Tuesday , right . tony ( laugh ) yeah , I be gonna worry about you , too . tony give charlie be hand a last slap , then get back behind the wheel . tony see you . charlie nod and watch the car pull away . then he pick up he bag from the sidewalk and walk into the terminal . CUT to : int . terminal - day the place be huge and there be a lot of bustle and excitement . charlie be noticeable because he be the only member of the crowd who walk slowly , without any apparent mission or destination . he make he way toward the large flight board that loom over the whole room . loudspeaker announce plane to and from every part of the world . on the flight board , the origin and destination of the day flight spin and change every moment . he pass the insurance machine and almost stop - more upset than before . a businessman calmly pay for insurance . ( muzak be hear ) charlie continue on past a novelty shop where some plastic cross and St. Christopher medal hang alongside the stuff toy dog and flight bag . he look at the cross . charlie I do not know what to say to you ... the ticket desk be under the flight board . charlie eventually work he way over to the desk , drop he bag on the floor and stand stare at the board . he see the name of dozen of city flash before he . as he watch , a pretty ticket clerk speak to he from behind the desk . 98 . clerk May I help you ? charlie stare at the flight board in dismay and indecision . he apparently do not hear she . clerk Sir , may I help you ? charlie hear she this time . he reach into he jacket pocket and pull out the ticket which he pass across to she . the clerk start to open it to check the destination . charlie ( question , challenging ) where can I go ? the question be unusual . the clerk look up . charlie stare back at she with a quality that be almost defiance . CUT to : quickly to black - music in