m E E T J o E B L a C k screenplay by bo Goldman -------------------------------------------------------------- ext . annandale-on-hudson , n.y . - 4:00 am a patch of water . pull back to reveal more water . back farther to reveal a expanse of river , up the bank to massive lawn run up to a great , classic Hudson River manor house ; the country estate of William parrish . int . parrish country estate - 4:00 am move through french door that lead from a wide terrace into a expansive live room , down wide corridor line with bierstadt and Cole painting , the Hudson River School , mist and tree and small boat and distant human . int . parrish bedroom - 4:00 am move through the doorway to reveal a master bedroom furnish - ed with exquisite simplicity , revelatory of its sleep occupant , william parrish , 64 , a warm but commanding face , a man of maturity yet who exude a glow of enthusiasm . although asleep , there be a uncommon restlessness to he . parrish grip he upper arm as if in pain . now the severity of the pain wake he , he squeeze he arm . the wind come up , through the wind a voice be hear distantly , or be it the wind itself : voice ( v.o. ) ... yes . parrish blink , have he hear something , have he not , he be not sure , he release he arm , he grimace of pain fade , the discomfort seem momentarily to have subside . he rise now , cross to the bathroom . as he pee , a breeze outside the window , the wind again , but then the Voice come up : voice ( v.o. ) yes ... it be unmistakably a Voice , it be not the wind , parrish have hear something , he look around , but no one be there . he can not finish pee , turn back to he bedroom . all beweild - ere , parrish look around once more , climb back into bed , try to trace the source of what he have hear or have not hear ; he be not sure . he pull the cover up now , not a SOUND , try to close he eye . voice ( v.o. ) yes . parrish sit up again , frighten , but still there be no one there , he seem fraught with indecision , should he get up , should he not , what be happen ? he look out : absolute stillness and silence , cricket chirp down by the river , a light flicker from a shadboat , parrish close he eye but then they flutter open , he glance up at the ceiling and finally , exhaust , fall back asleep . ext . rear terrace , parrish country estate - next morning the great lawn infest with workmen , plant stake , un - roll a huge canvas tent , gardener fashion topiary and add landscape of they own , crew set up platform , speaker , light . ubiquitous be allison , 35 , parrish 's older daughter , foremen compete for she attention and she relishing every moment . a painter approach . painter the big tent , miss allison -- allison paint be rust and moss green . medieval color -- daddy 's like a old knight . a florist stop she . florist the head table --? allison what about it ? florist the flower , mar 'am - -? allison freesia , freesia , everywhere . daddy love freesia -- and you , over there , light . not too bright . I be look for a saffron glow -- sort of tea - dance twenty . ext . great hall , country estate - morning parrish , groom for the day , trot down the stair , observ - ing the activity outside through the window . he check he watch , stride down the hall , encounter may , 50 , a family retainer who be open the door to the terrace as parrish pass . parrish what do you think of all this , May ? may it 's go to be beautiful . and miss allison say the President may come . parrish oh , the President 's get better thing to do than come to my birthday party . may ( smile ) what ? parrish grin , continue on , be intercept by allison who , on catch sight of he , bounce in from the terrace . allison daddy ! parrish hi , allison -- allison have you get a minute ? parrish not much more . Big day in the big city . what 's on you mind ? allison firework . update -- we be con - structing the number ' 65 ' on the barge , archer from the State College at New paltz will shoot flame arrow at it , when it catch fire it will give we the effect of a Viking funeral with none of the morbidity ... the Hudson River Authority say , for you , they will make a special dispensation - of course there will be a overtime bill for the poughkeepsie Fire dept ... parrish allison , I trust you . this be you thing . allison but it 's you birthday . parrish smile complaisantly , they continue on into a break - fast room where susan , 30 , parrish 's young daughter , be graze at a table laden with cereal and fruit and coffee . susan good morning , dad . parrish hi , honey . allison ( to Susan ) I be allison , you be ' honey ' . susan ( smile ) Drew call from the astar , they be still two minute away . parrish Drew 's aboard ? susan he want to ride back down with you . now sit and relax , get some - thing in that flat tummy of yours -- but parrish only pour coffee . susan ( cont would ) ( to allison ) you come ? allison you have get patient wait , I have get three hysterical chef , one love truffle , the other hate truffle , the third one do not know what truffle be . I would better drive down . parrish gaze at the go - on outside which be increase in intensity . parrish ( unconsciously ) I hate party -- allison calm down , daddy , you will see , you be go to love it . parrish be not it enough to be on this earth sixty - five year without have to be remind of it . allison no . allison go , Susan observe parrish fidget . susan will you relax ? I know it be a big deal day -- parrish how do you know ? susan Drew tell I . parrish do Drew tell you everything ? susan I hope so . parrish you like he , do not you ? susan yeah . I guess so . a moment . parrish I do not like to interfere . susan ... then do not . the helicopter chop in overhead . susan ( cont would ) -- here come we boy now -- shall we ? ext . country estate - morning a butler and May carry the overnight bag for the family as lead by parrish , they hurry towards the helicopter . en route they pass quince , 38 , allison 's husband , who be perch at a portable bar with ambrose , the head caterer , taste wine . quince ... this shit 's not bad . ambrose -- the late harvest riesling , Mr. quince , a possibility for dessert . quince ( point to another bottle ) and that ? ambrose pinot grigio . we be consider it for the appetizer . ambrose take a sip , swishes the wine in he mouth , spit it in a bucket . quince what do you do that for ? ambrose well sir , it 's 9:30 in the morning . quince 9:30 's almost 10:30 . where I come from , the sun 's over the yardarm , m'boy , and the cocktail lamp be light . quince drain he wine , present it for a refill , when he be hail by allison . allison quince ! everybody 's wait ! quince downs this glass too , run for the helicopter as drew , 34 , a young man go place , emerge from it , approach parrish and Susan . drew ( to Susan ) hello , beautiful . susan hi. Drew kiss she , over she shoulder he glance at parrish . parrish good morning , Drew . thanks for come out . drew well , it 's a big day . want to line up a few duck before kickoff . any thought ? last minute refine - ment or variation ? parrish ' thought ' ? not a one -- but I do hear a voice last night . drew a voice ? parrish in my sleep . drew what would it say ? parrish ' yes ' . drew ' yes ' to the deal ? parrish maybe , who know ? you know how voice be . let 's go . quince come run up now . quince hi , Bill -- parrish good morning , quince . quince how're you do --? parrish I be do great . you ready ? quince I be , this be it . B Day . parrish how 's that , quince ? quince bontecou Day . go to close with Big John -- look at you , Bill , all cool as a cat and over at bontecou 's , I will bet he 's shitting in he pants . allison ( to quince ) honey , please . quince okay . all aboard - New York , New York ! allison remember everybody , tonight , dinner in the city at daddy 's . you too , Drew . we have still get some loose end -- parrish not my birthday again ? susan you be only six - five once . parrish thank God . now could we go ? let 's get this day start . Drew usher everybody on , first parrish , then Susan and quince , Drew the last to climb on , shut the door behind he as allison hurry away from the whirling rotor . int . astar helicopter - day the configuration of seat have Drew beside parrish , in front of they quince and Susan opposite each other in single seat . just as Drew remove color-code folder from he attache case and spread they out for parrish on he tray table , the pilot wave to Drew , indicate ' phone call ' . Drew get up and head for the cockpit , parrish scan the folder , glance over at Susan who be make some note on a file of she own . he motion to she to please come sit beside he , she check that Drew be still busy in the cockpit , tuck she papers into she carryall , and cross over to parrish who fold away the work that Drew set before he into he tray table , lock it . susan I think you be in a meeting --? parrish I be . with you . he peer up ahead at Drew , on the telephone and gesticulat - ing intensely , right at home in the cockpit despite the chop of the blade and the pilot press up against he . parrish ( cont would ) do you love Drew ? susan ... there 's a start for a meeting . parrish I know it 's none of my business -- Susan do not answer for a moment , then impulsively kiss she father on the cheek . susan no , it 's none of you business . another moment . parrish do you love Drew ? susan you mean like you love Mom ? parrish forget about I and Mom -- be you go to marry he ? susan probably . a moment . parrish ( smile ) do not get carry away . susan uh oh -- parrish Susan , you be a hell of a woman . you have get a great career , you be beautiful -- susan and I be you daughter and no man will ever be good enough for I . parrish well , I be not go to say that -- susan what be you go to say ? parrish listen , I be crazy about the guy -- he 's smart , he 's aggressive , he could carry parrish Communications into the 21st century and I along with it . susan so what 's wrong with that ? parrish that 's for I . I be talk about you . it 's not so much what you say about Drew , it 's what you do not say . susan you be not listen -- parrish oh yes , I be . not a ounce of excitement , not a whisper of a thrill , this relationship have all the passion of a pair of titmice . susan do not get dirty , dad -- parrish well , it worry I . I want you to get sweep away . I want you to levitate . I want you to sing with rapture and dance like a dervish . susan that 's all ? parrish be deliriously happy . or at least leave yourself open to be . susan ' be deliriously happy ' . I be go to do my upmost -- he smile . parrish I know it 's a cornball thing but love be passion , obsession , someone you can not live without . if you do not start with that , what be you go to end up with ? I say fall head over heel . find someone you can love like crazy and who will love you the same way back . and how do you find he ? forget you head and listen to you heart . I be not hearing any heart . ( a moment ) run the risk , if you get hurt , you will come back . because , the truth be there be no sense live you life without this . to make the journey and not fall deeply in love -- well , you have not live a life at all . you have to try . because if you have not try , you have not live . susan bravo . parrish aw , you be tough . susan I be sorry . but give it to I again . the short version . parrish stay open . who know ? lightn could strike . silence . parrish ( cont would ) forgive the lecture -- susan I will not . and when I tell Drew about it , he will not either . parrish you will not tell he , and even if you do , he would clock it and punch it into he laptop in order to pull out some key phrase when he give the commencement speech at wharton . susan you be terrible . parrish I know . but I be the only father you have get . she kiss he on the cheek . susan thank God . parrish he do not care . but thanks anyway . ext . 34 th STREET helipad , new york CITY - day the astar land , a attendant , wait with a luggage cart , rush to open the door and unload the bag . the passenger , parrish pair with quince , Drew with Susan , file off the rooftop through a door which open into a elevator . int . elevator , new york CITY - day parrish , Susan , Drew and quince face forward as they ride downward . quince hey , this be it , the hour approach - es , I be get all excited . so what do you think , be it -- ( indicate Drew and parrish ) -- just the ' executive Committee ' or could you guy use I ? drew quince , m'man , thanks for the offer , but it 's all set for just I and Bill . more people might -- quince I know . gum up the work . parrish be about to make some reassure comment to quince when the Voice suddenly intrude : voice ( v.o. ) '... I know , it 's none of my business . ' parrish what ? drew I be say to quince we will not need -- parrish do you just hear something ? drew why yes , Bill , I be say to quince -- parrish no no , not you . susan daddy , what 's the matter ? parrish nothing . I be sorry . a respectful silence , the elevator continue downward , suddenly the Voice intrude again : voice ( v.o. ) '... I want you to levitate . I want you to sing with rapture and dance like a dervish . ' parrish grunt bizarrely , Susan notice and react : susan what be it , daddy --? parrish nothing . parrish 's eye dart about , confirm no one have hear a thing but he . parrish ( cont would ) just talk to myself again . you know I -- the elevator door open . parrish well , here we be -- parrish lead the group out . ext . 34 th STREET , new york CITY - day they exit the building . susan ( to parrish ) be you okay ? parrish a- okay . get my glove on , my ear prick . I be ready for action . susan well , go get them , pop . parrish yer damn right . parrish , follow by Drew , step into a wait limousine , quince look longingly after they . Susan , blow a kiss goodbye to she father , step out into the street to hustle a cab . int . lobby , bontecou world headquarters - day drew ... tomorrow we sign off -- photo opportunity , you and Big John , it will lead network news . okay so far ? parrish sound good . drew it 's go to be great -- parrish do you think I need a haircut ? drew Bill , after this deal , you will be able to afford one . parrish smile , they step into the elevator . int . bontecou executive office - day parrish and Drew emerge from the elevator , parrish observe the overkill decor . drew they pr guy ask I , what do I think parrish Communications stand for , that 's principle and ethic - wise ? I come up with something , but then it occur to I , why do not I ask Bill ? what do you think ? a moment , parrish shrug . parrish we first annual report , must be thirty - five year ago now , I own two station , I write down a state - ment of purpose , that one day you would wake up to a parrish radio station , read a parrish paper at breakfast , catch we news on tele - vision during the day , and go to bed with one of we book or magazine and you would always be tell the truth and in the bargain , have a good time . drew that 's great ! wait ' till I show it to bontecou . Drew open a door , a conference room , a circle of top exec - utive , now step out from the group be a huge , white - haire man , JOHN bontecou , 55 . bontecou Bill , thanks for come over ... ( to Drew ) and how're you do today , Drew ? ( to parrish ) you have get a firecracker here , the kid 's really set the table . parrish good , good . glad to hear it . bontecou we have meet before , y'know , that White House function , the President have you on he right and you know where I be ? parrish I be sorry , I do not recall -- bontecou Left field somewhere . well , Bill , I want to come in from the outfield , bat cleanup like you have , learn the plush rope -- parrish I think you be buy my company . bontecou oh , Mr. parrish , I could never buy parrish Communications . I could pay for it , of course , but it would always have you imprint . silence . parrish look around at the circle of ' suit ' , bontecou hold away . parrish well , that 's very nice to hear . Drew nod excitedly . ext . new york hospital cornell medical CENTER - day the busy medical community at 68th Street and New York Avenue . int . corinth coffee shop , new york avenue - day a thriving eatery diagonally across from the hospital 's entrance , customer cheek - by-jowl as a pair of waiter juggle breakfast serve to a noisy throng of doctor , resident and intern . Susan have squeeze into a seat in the corner . a counterman , with a smile and a greeting , place a cup of coffee in front of she . a sense this be a daily ritual , arming herself for the day ; immediately she become aware of a man behind she speak into the pay phone . a attractive young man , early 30' , a pair of suitcase at he foot , a raincoat sling over he shoulder . young man ... honey , you have get to go on ... there 's a time to sow and a time to reap , you sow now and forget about he ... yeah , I like he , I do not like he anymore ... because you be my honey and anybody mess with you mess with I -- I be on a plane in a minute ... as soon as I get my phone in , you be my first call , that 's a promise ... where you go now ?... good , hit the book , get that degree , one day we will hang out a shingle together ... you bet , honey ... later . the Young man hang up , turn around and sit down to a overflow plate of egg and meat , potato and toast , the counterman refill he cup and the Young man tie into the breakfast , eat it with such relish that Susan can not take she eye off he . he sense she eye , glance over , he cheek fill with a mouthful of food , swallow embarrassedly . young man good morning , I be talk kind of loud there , sorry . susan not at all . it be fascinating . young man oh yeah ? what be ' fascinating ' about it ? susan you and ' honey ' ? young man my kid sister . she just break up with she boyfriend and she 's think about drop out of law school . susan I be sorry -- young man nothing to be sorry about . that 's the way with man and woman , be not it ? susan what 's the way ? young man nothing last . susan I agree -- young man why ? susan I be just be agreeable , now I have get to explain why ? young man I be not try to sharpshoot you , but that ' nothing last ' stuff , that 's what be the trouble with honey 's guy . he be fool around and honey catch he at it . one girlfriend be not enough for he . susan so you be a one - girl guy ? young man damn right . look for she right now . who know ? you might be she . Susan laugh . young man ( cont would ) well , do not laugh . I just arrive in town , get a new job -- I be try to get into this apartment . you a doctor ? susan how would you know ? young man everybody 's a doctor around here . this apartment house be all green pajamas and slipper . the guy I be wait for to vacate be a doctor . what kind of doctor ? susan me? Internal medicine . the Young man smile . young man so if I need a doctor , you could be it ? susan I could be she . young man ' her ' . a moment . susan yes , I could . ( a moment ) I have a office in the hospital . young man -- this be my lucky day . I arrive in this big bad city and I not only find a doctor , a beautiful woman as well . Susan look into she coffee . young man ( cont would ) I be sorry , you mind my say that ? susan not at all . young man how ' bout another cup of coffee ? susan I have get patient come in -- young man and I want to get into my apartment and go to work . please , what do you say , another cup of coffee ? two pot be warming behind the counter , he reach over and refill she cup and he . pushes a container and pitcher to - ward she . young man ( cont would ) I see you use lot of sugar and cream . I , too ... they smile at each other , fix up they coffee . ext . parrish communications , new york CITY - day a magnificent granite building , a monument to good taste in the midtown sea of glass and aluminum . int . outer lobby , parrish communications - day parrish and Drew enter , no particular fanfare but a aware - ness the ' Chief ' have arrive , everyone give parrish the appropriate wide berth , Drew right beside he . drew I be all excited -- parrish I , too . drew I think it be great , I think you and Big John would be like a couple of bull in a china shop -- ( falter ) instead it be -- parrish like a marriage make in heaven ? drew you have a way with word . they stride to the main bank of elevator . int . executive office , parrish communications - day parrish , Drew beside he , proceed through a high tech , but tasteful , maze , spiffy executive secretary at burnish desk . neither look right or leave , somehow parrish man - age to acknowledge they bright smile and deferential nod despite he swift entrance . he pass through a open set of door and he be into he own suite , command by jennifer , he assistant . jenifer good morning , Mr. parrish . parrish hi , Jennifer . Drew be still at parrish 's heel , but now parrish stop at the open door , turn back to he , remind Drew that this be as far as he go without be invite . drew so ... board convene tomorrow , you will recommend , we close and it 's a deal , right ? parrish as close as a deal could be . drew ( burst ) Olympic . parrish disappear into he office . Drew , on he way out , glide past Jennifer 's desk . drew ( cont would ) this be we lucky day . Jennifer acknowledge Drew with a smile , rise and move to parrish 's doorway , wait for the day 's instruction , but parrish only nod to the door and Jennifer quickly close it , return to she desk . int . parrish office - day alone in he office , parrish 's ebullient mood immediately change . lean against the back of the couch , he stare out through floor - to- ceiling window , surveying the Manhattan skyline : cogitate . he take a seat on the couch , open a folder , suddenly he flinch with a spasm of pain in he shoulder . it be sharp but brief , he notice it but what it do not continue , he ignore it . parrish resume look at the folder when suddenly the pain come again . he reach for he shoulder , try to massage the pain , it do not subside . parrish stand , try to shake it off , but it refuse to go away , some - thing be unmistakably wrong . now a SOUND which he have come to recognize , make itself hear : voice ( v.o. ) yes . frozen with surprise , parrish 's eye search the room for the source of the SOUND , it come from no particular direction , yet surround he . suddenly parrish 's symptom sharply intensify , he be sink to the floor but somehow grab a corner of the desk , hold on with one hand , with the other clutches at he shoulder and arm , the pain have violently seize the upper part of he body . he break out in a sweat , he pallor now waxen as the Voice repeat itself : voice ( v.o. , cont would ) ... yes . parrish grip the edge of the desk , the pain assault he on the one hand , the Voice come at he from the outer , each aberration feed on the other , he be beside himself , consume with pain and bewilder by what seem to be a hallucination but which he be certain be not . parrish be possess . he angle he face in every direction , arbi - trarily choose one and now embarrassedly , unconsciously , enrage , respond to the Voice . parrish ' yes ' what ? voice ' yes ' be the answer to you question . parrish I do not ask any question . voice I believe you do . parrish be absolutely confound , seize up with pain and consternation at this unseen Voice which have such presence and reality . parrish who be you ? silence . parrish ( cont would ) goddammit , what be go on ?! voice I think you know -- parrish I do not ! voice try. because ' if you have not try , you have not live ' . a moment . parrish what be you talk about ? voice what you be talk about . parrish gasp . parrish what be this ? who be this fuck guy ? he hold on tight to the corner of the desk , sweat drip , he skin ashen . now he address the Voice again , search for it in another direction : parrish ( cont would ) tell I who you be ! voice be you give I order ? parrish I be sorry , I -- voice no , you be not . you be try to ' handle ' the situation but this be the one situation you know you never could handle . a spasm , the worst one yet , finally it subside and there be a eerie silence in the room , a void , almost more disturbing than the voice that have fill it . parrish where be you ? be you there ? voice it 's enough now . parrish please . talk to I -- voice there 's go to be plenty of time for that . parrish what do you mean ?! voice I think you know -- parrish know what ? ( a moment ) know what , goddammit ! the voice be go . parrish search the corner , but the room have lose the quality it have when it be inhabit by the voice , it be now just parrish 's office . faint squeal of traffic from the street , then a knock at the door . parrish touch he shoulder , the pain be go , but he be still wet with sweat , the knock again . parrish straighten himself up , adjust he tie , run he finger through he hair , blink as he address the door . parrish ( carefully ) come in . Jennifer enter . jenifer I have be buzzing you , Mr. parrish . be you all right ? parrish sure . jenifer lunch be ' in ' today , have you give it any think --_ parrish ( interrupt ) no. nothing . jenifer nothing ? parrish be within himself , do not answer . jenifer ( cont would ) why do not I think of something ? parrish still do not answer , however Jennifer be satisfied , correctly hearing he silence as a affirmative . she have she hand on the door , ' open ' or ' close ' ? he nod and she close it . utter silence again . parrish 's eye search the room , nothing there . int . corinth coffee shop , york avenue , day the place have clear out now , the counterman busy buss table laden with dish and cup , Susan and the Young man be still at the counter , but about to leave . young man ... it 's kind of a pro bono job . susan ' pro bono ' . that mean do good -- go to be do good all you life ? young man I know what you be say . do not pay very well . depend on the woman I marry . maybe she would like a bigger house , a better car , lotsa kid , college do not come cheap -- susan you would give up what you want for the woman you marry ? young man I would . Susan rise now , the Young man with she , leave money for they check they head for the door . young man ( cont would ) if I marry you , I would want to give you what you want , I know it 's old fashioned and all that , but what 's wrong with take care of a woman ? she take care of you . susan you will have a hard time find a woman like that this day -- young man you never know . lightn could strike . Susan at the door now , pause abruptly , she eye on the Young man . ext . corinth coffee shop , york avenue - day the Young man hold the door for Susan as they step out onto the street . Susan be stare at he now , he smile , all open and vulnerable . susan I have get to go -- young man do I say something wrong ? susan no , it be so right it scare I . young man I have be think ... I do not want you to be my doctor . because I do not want you to examine I . susan why ? young man because I like you so much . ( a moment ) you have coffee here every morning , do not you ? if I come by , could you give I the name of a doctor ? another moment . susan sure , I will give you the name of a doctor . ( a moment ) ... and I do not want to examine you . young man why not ? susan because I like you so much . now I have get to go . she hurry away down the sidewalk , the Young man watch she . now he turn and start off in the opposite direction . another angle - susan she look back at the Young man , then turn and walk on . another angle - the young man he look back at Susan as the distance between they widen , now he turn and walk on . on susan she look around once more but the Young man be still head in the opposite direction , he back to she . she turn the corner and continue on . on the young man approach the corner , he look back for Susan yet again , but she be go , still turn he step off into the street and a hospital supplies truck , speed down the curb lane , hit he broadside , a horrific impact , the thud echoe as he body arc through the air . another sicken thud as it land , the Young man lie crumpled , still . CUT to : int . salon , parrish townhouse , new york CITY - night a beautiful space adjacent to the dining room , it have a glass roof which offer a superb view of the Manhattan sky - line . the hour be before dinner : gather on one side of the room be allison and parrish , on the other side Drew and quince . coyle , a butler , and luisa , the housekeeper , pass hor d'oeuvre and drink . allison ... Music , I know how you love music , daddy , and I want to have music that please you -- and of course do not put a thousand other people to sleep -- I have agonize over this and finally settle on sidney Brown , twenty - four man , very eclectic , plus I be feathering in a Latin sextet on they break - tito puente , trini lopez-zy , I forget they name -- parrish have tune allison out , he try to stay with it , but he mind have wander , the event of the day too much with he . allison ( cont would ) you have not hear a word , have you ? I keep talk and all you do be nod like Mr. himmelfass in the nutcracker . parrish still do not answer . allison ( cont would ) you do not care , do you ? parrish what , honey ? allison I lay awake night in a cold sweat , I want this party to be like some - thing Mom would have make for you , I want it to be perfect -- parrish ( attentive now ) I know you do , darling . allison and you could care less -- parrish oh , you could not be more wrong , sweetheart . I can ' tell you how much I appreciate it and how I be look forward to it . allison good . song . what song should sidney -- pancho and he six man we can forget about -- what song do you think he should play ? a stab of pain , parrish discreetly grab he upper arm but manage to keep he attention on allison . parrish tell it to I again . suddenly , the Voice cut in : voice ( v.o. ) ... yes . parrish 's head snap , startle by the SOUND . voice ( v.o. , cont would ) ( to parrish ) do you miss I ? parrish react once more , aware again he be the only one who have hear the Voice , as a oblivious allison continue : allison ( to parrish ) never mind . leave it to I . parrish ignore she , he attention have be take by the Voice . his eyelid flutter , nonpluse , edgy and fearful . luisa Mr. parrish , dinner be serve . allison ( to quince and Drew , across the room ) Chow -time , you guy . parrish be confound . blindly and disconcert , he follow allison and Drew and quince . int . dine room - night as a disturb parrish approach the table , he hear the Voice once more : voice ( v.o. ) what be you look so provoke about ? ' do you miss I ? ' it 's a normal question . I miss you . but what do I get back ? ' not a ounce of excitement , not a whisper of a thrill -- ' parrish sit . voice ( v.o. , cont would ) ' -- this relationship have all the passion of a pair of titmice ' . parrish be on the edge of he seat , struggle to hide he panic . voice ( v.o. , cont would ) I be wait outside . the conversation swirl on around parrish , he be deaf to it : allison ( to Drew ) do you speak to the Governor ? drew he 's come . allison his wife ? drew unfortunately . I sit between they at the bronx Zoo benefit -- it be better than seconal . voice ( v.o. ) I be wait outside . wo not someone come to the door ? parrish be in shock , still strive to gain control of himself . as coyle serve he , parrish turn to luisa : parrish be somebody wait outside , luisa ? luisa I do not hear a ring , sir . parrish please have a look -- luisa go as coyle continue serve . allison ( to quince ) what about the Mayor ? quince he say he would be there with bell on . drew good , maybe they will drow he out . parrish be still not hearing a word , preoccupy with the return of luisa . allison please do not be negative , Drew , we have a acceptance list that would do the White House proud -- the Secretary - General of the UN , the Chairman of the fcc , nine Senators , I do not know how many congressman , and at least twelve of the fortune ' 500 ' . quince no jock ? a twenty - game winner or a Masters champion ? someone I could talk to . ( a moment ) or would talk to I . luisa return to parrish as the other ' conversation drone on : luisa you be right , Mr. parrish . there be a gentleman at the door . he 's wait for you in the foyer . parrish be stunne . parrish ( after a moment ) show he into the library , tell he I will be right there . parrish , spin with anxiety , try to summon up he courage to go as allison continue : allison I have arrange for favor -- silver charm bracelet for the woman , platinum keychain for the man -- all engrave ' w.p. ' -- but now I be think of scrubbing they , they seem so ordinary . finally parrish rise from the table , start out . allison ( cont would ) be they ordinary ? do they seem that way to you , daddy ? parrish uh -- I do not know . no - uh - I do not ... allison be about to press the point , but then drift into disappointed silence as parrish leave the room . drew ( to allison ) you be overthink it -- quince I do not think they be ordinary . I love keychain . int . hallway outside library , parrish townhouse - night parrish move deliberately down the hall , slow as he near the doorway to the library . the door be open . he hesitates before he cross the threshold , take in as much as he eye can see , now tentatively , he enter . int . library , parrish townhouse - night a beautiful , classic room , area of dim , warm light , club chair , book reach to the ceiling , a roll library ladder , a weathered dictionary on a stand , a model boat carve of bone set into the stack which be separate from the read area by a seven - foot high partition of obscure glass . parrish , poise in the doorway , look around , nothing in sight . parrish hello ? silence . parrish ( cont would ) anyone here ? no response . parrish ( cont would ) I say be anyone here ?! voice ( v.o. ) quiet down . parrish be startle , he shrink backward for a moment , he eye search the room for the Voice , the timbre and pitch of which be exactly what he have hear before . there be the sense that someone be there but parrish can not see he , and he do not dare look . parrish ( quietly ) where be you ? voice ( v.o. ) I be here . now a flicker of a shadow from behind a corner of the obscure glass , the section of the room most distant from parrish , there be a shape . something be there . parrish what be this , a joke , right ? some kind of elaborate practical joke ? at my 40th reunion , we deliver a casket to the class president 's hotel room and -- voice quiet . parrish fall silent , something in the SOUND and tone of the Voice mute he . he take a step backwards . voice ( cont would ) where be you go ? parrish I - I - uh -- the shape move , make itself more visible . although still diffuse by the glass , the shape have definition , a person , a man , he feature be not yet distinguishable , but he be there all right . voice the great Bill parrish at a loss for word ? the man from whose lip fall ' rapture ' and ' passion ' and ' obse - sion ' ... all that admonition about be ' deliberately happy ' , what there be no sense ' live you life without ...' , all the spark and energy you give off , the rosy advice you dispense in round , pear - shape tone -- parrish what the hell be this ? who be you ? voice just think of millennium multiply by aeon compound by infinity , I have be around that long , but it 's only recently that you affair here have pique my interest . call it boredom , the natural curiosity of I , the most last and significant element in existence have come to see you . parrish struggle to make sense of what he be hearing . parrish about what ? voice I want to have a look around before I take you . parrish ' take I '...? where ? voice it require competence , wisdom , experience -- all that thing they say about you in testimonial -- and you be the one . parrish ' the one ' to do what ? voice show I around . be my guide . and in return , you get ... parrish ( breathless ) get what ? voice time . parrish what the hell be you talk about ? voice watch it ! parrish I be sorry -- voice in return you will receive minuet , day , week , I be not go to go into detail ... what matter be that I stay interested . parrish squint , try to make sense of what be happen . voice ( cont would ) ...' yes ' . parrish yes what ? voice ' yes ' be the answer to you que - tion . parrish what question ? voice Bill . come on . the question . the question you have be ask yourself with increase regularity , at odd moment , panting through the extra game of handball , when you run for the plane in Delhi , when you sit up in bed last night and hit the floor in the office this morning . the question that be in the back of you throat , choke the blood to you brain , ringing in the ear over and over as you put it to yourself -- parrish the ' question ' -- voice ( urging ) yes , Bill . the question . after a moment . parrish ... be I go to die ? the figure who be the Voice take a step forward now , no longer obscure by the glass he come into the light , be - vealing himself to be the Young man see previously in the coffee shop , but there be a change ; he seem odd , off - center , not handsome but terrifyingly beautiful . young man yes . a moment , parrish beside himself . he can not bring himself to speak , finally : parrish be I dream this ? ( another moment ) be you a dream ? young man I be not a dream . parrish you be come to ' take I ' . what be that ? who the hell be you ? the Young man step closer to parrish , he face be inch from a shaking , sweat parrish 's face , the Young man dare parrish to identify he : parrish you be --? young man ( urging again ) ' ... yes -- ' parrish turn away . but the Young man , spectacularly , be in front of he again . young man ( cont would ) ( gently ) who be I ? parrish ... death . parrish be shocked , stunne , terrify at the word , by what he have comprehend . he survey the Young man who , at this moment , actually seem bewilder by he effect . parrish ( cont would ) you be death ? young man yes . parrish death ! young man that 's I . parrish you be not death . you be just a kid in a jacket and a pair of pants . young man the jacket and the pair of pants come with the body I take . let I ask you opinion . do I blend in ? a hopelessly confuse parrish do not respond for a moment . parrish you want I to be you guide --? young man you fill the bill , Bill . parrish I do ? ( a moment ) how long will you be stay ? young man you should hope quite a while . parrish and then --? the Young man nod , gently . parrish ( cont would ) it 's ... it 's ... over . a long silence . parrish and the Young man take each other in , the sense that now they understand each other . a SOUND at the door . luisa ( o.s. ) Mr. parrish ? parrish do not hear she for the moment , luisa step inside the Library . luisa ( cont would ) will the gentleman be stay for dinner , sir ? parrish ignore she at first , finally he look at luisa then at the Young man , then once more at both of they as if to verify the Young man 's presence have be acknowledge by luisa . the Young man interject : young man ( to luisa ) yes. ( a polite afterthought ) thank you . luisa nod perfunctorily and exit . parrish be freeze , dumbfounded . young man ( cont would ) ( to parrish ) where be dinner ? parrish do not answer at first . parrish this be crazy -- you be not go to eat dinner with we . young man Bill , I be eat dinner with you . and you family . and that 's what we be do . it 's not open for discussion . nothing be . do not you understand ? parrish be frighten by the response . young man ( cont would ) good . now lead the way . parrish hesitates , then obediently lead the Young man out of the library , down a long hallway and across the foyer . parrish Excuse I ? could I say something ? young man of course . parrish ( quietly ) it just occur to I -- young man speak up , please . parrish ( louder ) when I introduce you , if I say who you be , I do not think anyone will stay for dinner . young man then do not . int . dine room - night as parrish and the Young man enter , allison be hear in the background . allison ... well , here 's another possibility . it 's a little last minute , but how do this strike you ? kaleidoscope . Little gold kaleidoscope . some german firm go kerplunkt , Tiffany 's pick this thing up , they be perfect party favor , however they be not personal , they be winter scene or something , snow - flake and dachshund ... parrish and the Young man appear at the table , a awkward pause ensue , the unannounced guest 's presence at a family dinner be note , and the guest himself carefully survey - ed . finally , allison break the ice : allison ( cont would ) ( to the Young man ) hi there -- young man hello . parrish be horribly uncomfortable as the Young man look at each person as if he be discover a face of the first time . parrish uh -- sorry -- to have step away for so long -- uh -- this be a friend of mine I ask to drop by -- we get to talk and stuff -- uh -- he 's go to join we for dinner -- um -- parrish drift into another awkward pause . allison ( to the Young man ) hello , how nice to meet you . and would not it be nicer if my father would introduce you ? young man ( to allison ) ' ... how nice to meet you . ' parrish oh , I be sorry . this be my daughter , allison , and she husband , quince , Drew , my number one , work with I ... parrish drift off as the Young man awkwardly shake hand with each person . allison ( prompt ) daddy . do you friend have a name ? parrish a name ? drew ( pleasantly , go along with the joke ) yeah , something he go by -- parrish oh , excuse I . this be -- uh -- this be -- allison daddy ! come on , a name . drew yeah , Bill , the suspense be kill I . parrish sorry ...um - you - you know it 's go right out of my head -- drew what ?! parrish ( cont would ) I be sorry . this be - uh - uh ... the group wait patiently . parrish ( cont would ) Joe ! allison Joe ... parrish once more drift into silence . ( the young man be now identify as " joe " . ) drew just plain ' Joe ' ? allison Love that name . quince I , too . hey , buddy ! Joe , turn on by quince 's broad smile , react to it as Drew squint observingly at Joe . drew ' Joe ... ' parrish yes . drew be there any more to it ? parrish ( alarmed ) what do you mean ? drew like ' Smith ' or ' Jones -- ' parrish 's face reveal a desperate search for a last name , a furtive glance at Joe . parrish 's brow darken and a name tumble from he lip : parrish -- Black . allison whew , at last . Nice to meet you , Mr. Black . quince ' Joe Black ' . won fifteen and lose two for the Brooklyn dodger in 1952 . joe yes ? quince ( to Joe ) you bet . I be kind of my rotisserie League . joe be you ? parrish he be ! let 's sit down -- luisa have set a plate in front of Joe , and parrish 's , which be take to the kitchen to be warm , have be return . Joe look over at the other guest , then pick up he uten - sil gingerly , strive to copy the other , stop , stare at he foot . allison ( to Joe ) paillarde of veal . quince yeah , they hit the calf over the head with a mallet and then luisa hit it again in the kitchen . allison honey --! quince you know what I be say , Joe ? joe no -- parrish ( laugh emptily ) Joe know what you be say , just be polite -- Drew be study Joe . drew ( to Joe ) have we meet ? parrish uh -- he 's from out of town -- quince how long you here , Joe ? joe as long as it take . Drew be provoke by the response , but remain polite : drew you and Bill old friend ? parrish jump in : parrish no -- drew ( to Joe ) I get the feel you have do some business before . joe we have a arrangement now . drew what side of the industry do you say you be on ? joe I do not say . drew ( to parrish ) Joe sound like a ringer , Bill . I have the feel you guy get the broad stroke already . need any help with the detail ? parrish fall silent again , look for a answer . drew ( cont would ) I be sorry -- business at dinner ... ( to Joe ) forgive I for be so rude . joe sure . the door to the dining room open , Susan appear . susan hi , everybody . sorry to be late - have to have dinner with my depart - ment chief -- allison you eat ? susan ... I be here , be not I ? would not miss a loose end meeting . what 's on the table for discussion ? Party favor , flower -- hi dad , hi Drew -- she kiss Drew in some light , humorous way they have ob - viously do before , they head bob like plastic water toy and they lip meeting mid-air . at the kiss 's conclusion Susan suddenly notice Joe be present and have be watch . she be shocked , embarrassed , pleased , conflict , a instant and wide spectrum of emotion . susan ( cont would ) what be you do here ? silence . parrish ( stunne ) you know each other ? susan ( lightly ) we have meet . parrish what ?! susan -- this morning . the corinth coffee shop . he be look for a doctor . quince well , I guess he 's find one . drew Joe , you do get around . Joe be happily confound by all the interaction . susan that 's you name ? allison and be not it a lovely one ? so sturdy , so straight -- Joe have hear Susan 's question but , as he study she , do not answer . drew incidentally , Joe , where be you stay ? joe here ... drew ' here ' ? susan in this house ? quince great ! parrish push he plate away . parrish uh - will that hold you , Joe ? susan incidentally , ' Joe ' what ? joe Black . quince hey , this be fun . susan so , what be you do here ? parrish tense , but Joe do not answer . susan ( cont would ) cat get you tongue ? you be not so silent this morning . Drew react to this allusion of intimacy . allison now , I be get interested . I want to know more --- parrish ( to Joe ) we have get some thing to discuss . parrish stand , motion for Joe to rise . drew ( to Joe ) -- do I hear ' business ' ? susan what ' business ' ? quince do not bother ask , we already try . joe it 's so very nice to see you again . susan funny , I do not get that feel . maybe it 's because you find out I be Bill parrish 's daughter . parrish cut it out , Susan . ( to Joe ) you and I have get to talk . Big day tomorrow , everybody . Joe , let 's go . Joe rise , follow parrish to the door , stop : joe ( to Susan ) susan. ( to allison ) allison . ( to quince ) quince . ( to Drew ) drew. ( to parrish ) Bill ... ( to the group ) thank you . he make a awkward little bow , then head for the nearest door . parrish Joe , that 's the kitchen . joe thank you . Joe pivot , and he follow parrish out the proper door . drew that be ' Joe ' . allison he 's cute . drew very . Susan 's eye be still on the door where Joe exite , she face reflect she irritation and bewilderment , as well as a tinge of excitement . int . hallway , parrish townhouse - night parrish lead the way , Joe beside he as they progress through the huge house . parrish ... I be sorry , I be a little discon - certed , that stuff between you and Susan -- uh -- throw I . joe ' threw ' you ? where ? parrish shook I up . I mean that you know she and everything -- joe I do not know she . the body I take know she . the man she meet in the coffee shop this morning . I - uh - take he . parrish so there 's nothing between you and Susan ? joe no . parrish I wish you have say something to I about stay here -- joe it have not occur to I until then . I be just have such a wonderful time -- besides , be not this what I be here for ? parrish suddenly look very anxious , Joe stop . joe ( cont would ) you seem uncomfortable , Bill . parrish no , I be okay with this - uh - I think . so -- he open a door . int . master guest suite , parrish townhouse - night parrish ( to Joe ) bathroom ...tub ... towel , sauna -- parrish turn back to the bedroom . parrish ( cont would ) ... chair , lamp , bed -- parrish be in a stunne state , chatter on unconsciously : parrish ( cont would ) box spring , they be assemble in jakarta . have to stay in a station manager 's house there unexpectedly - best night 's sleep I ever have . order twenty , they fill a con - tainer and ship they right over , I have put one in every bedroom here and in the country . Joe test the spring . joe what a good idea . parrish thank you . would you like the man 's name ? joe no. parrish glance around , a room in which the occupant could not want for anything . parrish if there be anything else , do not hesitate -- joe I will not . parrish how long have I get ? joe you be put I on the spot , Bill . a moment . joe ( cont would ) let 's put it this way . when I go , you go . parrish when you go , I go . joe that 's the best I can do . ( a moment ) ... but minute - by-minute , I find myself linger . parrish ... I just see my doctor , he tell I everything be fine . joe you doctor ? ( icily ) do you doctor say anything about a tiny , undetectable hole in you aorta ? do he mention a irreparab - ly weak vein in the further reach of you famous brain ? be they any prognostication about the possibil - ilite of a fatal collision on a golf cart of suffocating in a avalanche on a skin vacation in gstaad ? parrish no -- joe I hope you realize , Bill ... in you office this morning , that be you time . parrish closer than that . parrish keep still , try to cool the heat of Joe 's temper . joe ( cont would ) ... but meanwhile , you be still here . Count you blessing . call it gravy , frosting on the cake , whatever it be you say . parrish well , thank you for let I know . joe not at all . parrish and - uh - I guess , ' goodnight ' . joe good night to you , Bill . parrish gently close the door . Joe look around , check out he surroundings : curious , attentive . int . hallway , parrish townhouse - night parrish , unsteady , start back down the hall , luisa appear . luisa ... miss allison ask if you would like to have you dinner keep warm ? parrish no . thanks , luisa . luisa very good , sir . luisa turn : parrish luisa -- she stop . parrish ( cont would ) Mr. Black 's luggage be misplace by the airline . would you mind get - ting a few thing together for he ? a couple of suit , some shirt , tie , underwear , shoe . have coyle take he measurement off what he be wear tonight . luisa certainly , sir . luisa nod , and head back downstairs . parrish enter he de , take a seat in he chair , stare into the middle distance , ruminate . int . guest room , parrish townhouse - night Joe have be examine he room , full of curiosity and wonderment at the oddest thing , the handle on a casement window , the hem and weight of the fabric of a drape , hinge on the bedroom door . in the process he open this door , step out into the hallway . int . hallway , parrish townhouse - night Joe wander down the hallway past the occasional dufy or miro , a venetian tapestry cheek - by-jowl with a miniature ming vae , and even a bonsai garden with a trickle vein of water . int . kitchen hallway , parrish townhouse - night in the " back " of the house now , utilitarian paint and decor , the SOUND of laughter and a glare of light . Joe enter . int . kitchen , parrish townhouse - night the staff be at ease , some smoking , remain of food around . coyle , the butler , have he back to Joe and do not see he for a moment . in front of coyle , a open jar of peanut but - ter which he be spread in generous hunk of wonder bread . Joe be fascinate by the process . coyle suddenly hear the silence , look up and see Joe , stand up embarrassedly . coyle yes , sir ? joe hello . I be Joe Black . Nice to meet you . coyle yes sir , Mr. Black , a pleasure . the staff all mumble expansive " good evening , sir "s to Joe . he motion to they to sit , they do but coyle do not . coyle shift from foot - to - foot , the staff be not use to have parrish family or guest in this part of the house . joe ( to coyle ) what be you eat . coyle you mean this , sir ? coyle regards he peanut butter sheepishly . coyle ( cont would ) Laura scudder 's peanut butter . joe ( carefully ) ' Laura scudder 's peanut butter ' . ( a moment ) you like it ? coyle I would say , sir , it be right up there with jif and skippy . but mile ahead of Peter pan. ( another moment ) like a taste ? Joe nod , coyle fashion a spoonful , offer it to Joe . Joe swallow it . but he have not yet find a comfortable way of masticate , he mouth and tongue go every which way , the staff observe he , fascinate . coyle ( cont would ) you be a peanut butter man now , eh , sir ? joe yes , I be . I thoroughly enjoy this - uh - peanut butter . ( to the staff ) and I thoroughly enjoy meeting you . Joe raise the spoonful of peanut butter in a kind of toast to the staff . joe ( cont would ) I will be mosey on . he head out , with the spoonful of peanut butter , to cheer - ful " goodnight , Mr. Black " 's , he tongue again lick the edge of the spoon . int . swimming pool , parrish townhouse - day a spectacular indoor Olympic pool , window commanding view of the skyline . Susan be swim lap , look very professional in a black speedo suit , Joe wander in , still lick he peanut butter . he observe she , but she be unaware of he , however now , as she make a barrel turn , he shadow fall over a reflection from a window , she abort she lap , look up to see who it be . susan what be you do here ? joe I be lose . susan -- can not seem to escape you today . joe I be sorry . Susan climb out of the pool , get halfway up the ladder , point to a stack of towel . susan Hand I one of that , will you ? Joe turn to the towel , but one hand be occupy with the spoonful of peanut butter , he shift it to the other hand , can not manage the huge turkish towel one -hande , now implant the spoon in he mouth , lift the towel with both hand and present it to Susan . susan ( cont would ) you must have something really big go on with my father -- joe ' Big ' ? susan you appear at he side out - of - the - blue , stay at he house , eat dinner with he family , it 's practically a first . you be in the red-hot center of big business and I think you be a regular Joe . joe I be Joe . susan not the one I meet this morning , hit - ting on I in as nice a way as I have be hit on in a long time , but the moment you find out I be my dad 's daughter , you act like a stranger . joe that be not my intention . Joe continue to nibble at he peanut butter . susan what be you intention ? to make little dream in coffee shop , turn a woman 's head , and I do not mind admit it be turn , I like it , but ten hour later I feel like a fool . I do not get it . you , my father , here in this house , the cof - fee shop , it 's make I upset , and I do not like be upset . who be you anyway ? and what be you eat ? joe ( mumble ) peanut butter . he finish the spoonful . joe ( cont would ) but it 's go now . he shift the spoon from hand to hand , start to stick it in he pocket , realize this be inappropriate . Susan hold she hand out to he , he place the spoon in it and she set the spoon on the table with the towel . she watch , fascinat - ed , as Joe lick he gum , enjoy every last bit of he spoonful . susan you act like you never have peanut butter before -- joe I have not . susan -- what kind of childhood do you have ? joe do you love Drew ? susan come again ? joe when you put you mouth to he , Susan , it seem a frequent thing . susan Drew be none of you damn business . nor be where I put my mouth . joe I be sorry . do you live here ? susan no , Joe , I be swim here . then I be go home . joe I guess what I be try to say be -- I would like we to be friend . susan I have get plenty of friend . joe I do not have any . susan I can see why . she finish drying herself , drop the towel on a chair , and prepare to leave . joe ... I do not mean to offend you at dinner . I be not quite at home some - time with people . I get busy do - uh - what I do , and I do not seem to have develop -- he drift off . susan yes --? joe I have a certain function to per - form , and that seem to take all of my time . Bu sometimes - uh - I speculate - uh - I have not leave room for - uh - anything else . susan I be sorry to say I know what you be say . a moment . joe Susan ? susan yes ? joe do you know you have a wet spot on you shoulder ? she glance at she shoulder , he grab a towel , touch the drop of water , pat they dry , hand she the towel . she flash a nervous smile . susan goodnight , Joe . joe goodnight to you , Susan . Susan step towards a door , Joe take a step in the wrong direction , they almost walk into each other . now she take a step in another direction , as do Joe , again they almost collide . susan shall we dance ? Joe be completely puzzle , finally Susan head for one door , Joe for another . susan ( cont would ) Joe -- joe yes ? susan I think you want to go to the west wing . through there . Susan indicate yet another door . joe ( after a moment ) thank you . Joe redirect himself , go to the door . as they both be about to exit , Joe and Susan sneak furtive look at each other across the pool , smile at catch each other 's glance . Joe exit . for a moment Susan 's eye remain on the door through which he have go . now she grip the towel over she shoulder , the one Joe give she , pat the same spot he do . CUT to : int . hallway , parrish townhouse - next morning parrish , dress for the day , pass servant busy with they morning task , polish doorknob , put away linen , dusting picture frame . he nod and greet they as he stride down the hall , brisk " good morning " 's to coyle and luisa . int . guest suite , parrish townhouse - morning parrish knock , wait a courteous moment , open the door , find Joe in a elegant shirt and trousers try to tie he tie . parrish good morning . joe good morning , Bill . parrish how be you ? how're you feel ? joe ' feeling ' ? I feel fine . how do you feel ? parrish um -- well , I do not sleep too well . this be crazy . this be the leave - field thing of all time . what do I do ? what do I tell my family ? joe oh , I would not tell they anything , Bill . you will ruin the good start we have last night . I feel as if I be be treat like a person . ' Joe ' this and ' Joe ' that - a nice smile - quince pass I the roll -- no ' rapture ' or ' passion ' or any of that mighty thing you seem so intent on impart , but I be cer - tain , should you - uh - say - uh - who I be - we adventure would end abruptly . parrish regards Joe , the tie be a sorry mess now , a batw of silk stretch across he collarbone . joe ( cont would ) but I do so enjoy you family . parrish be startle , he regards Joe carefully . parrish what about my family ? this ' adven - ture ' involved only I , right ? silence as Joe consider the point , parrish quickly cross to he , undoe the tie , and now begin tie it for he . parrish ( cont would ) tell you what , you promise that it 's go to be only I and -- joe and what ? parrish and I will not tell anyone who you be . joe sound fair enough . parrish it be a deal ? joe a ' deal ' ? parrish you give you word , I give mine -- that we will do what we say . it 's a truth exchange between two people . a moment . joe Bill -- parrish yes ? joe you have get a deal . parrish seem relieved . he have now , with some difficulty , complete the tie of Joe 's tie , adjust it beautifully on Joe 's collar , then spin he around in front of a mirror . Joe , catch sight of he own appearance , rise to the ball of he foot , quite take . joe ( cont would ) this be great ! ( a moment ) now what do we do ? parrish shake hand . Joe immediately extend he hand toward parrish , but parrish freeze on see the hand , stare at it , now take it . Joe pump parrish 's hand vigorously , then break into a broad smile . ext . 5 th avenue , new york CITY - day parrish and Joe stride downtown , Joe 's jacket fit per - fectly , he blend right in and he clearly enjoy be part of the smart fifth Avenue crowd on the way to work . parrish sense Joe 's pleasure , he slight preen , he eye check - ing out the good- look woman head for the office at the top of corporate high -rise . parrish you know , I get to think last night -- with you here , and seem - ingly occupy , how 's you work go - uh - elsewhere ? a flicker from Joe . he have hear what parrish have say , he eye busy with the grift and the sparkle of the Avenue , but he be concentrate on parrish 's word . joe when you be shave this morning , you be not just shave , right ? parrish what do you mean ? joe you be hatching idea , make plan , arrive at decision , right ? parrish I guess so . joe so you understand the concept then . when you be busy here , you work , what you task be , be be execute elsewhere . parrish of course . joe so you have grasp the idea . con - gratulation . now multiply it by infinity and take it to the depth of forever , and you still will have barely a glimpse of what I be talk about . parrish fall silent , chew over Joe 's admonition . parrish Joe --? joe yes , Bill . parrish how about give a guy a break ? joe make a exception ? parrish there 's one to every rule . joe not this . they stride on , cut through the crowd , Joe all at home in he new surround , but parrish just the opposite , un - characteristically uncomfortable , phrase form on he lip but unspoken , then suddenly he blurt out : parrish -- I do not deserve this . I be still young , this be not my time -- joe that 's what everybody say . parrish I be not everybody . joe that 's what everybody say . parrish be try to control himself , glance at Joe . parrish I want to live . joe I understand . a moment . joe ( cont would ) but you can not . a sudden silence between they . parrish 's shoulder appear to have stop slightly , the courage he display at rais - ing this issue have vanish . parrish what 's it like ? joe what do you mean ? parrish what 's it like where I be go ? joe can you keep a secret ? parrish yes . joe so can i. they turn into parrish 's office building . int . lobby , parrish communications - day as parrish and Joe enter , parrish be hail by jaime , the Elevator starter . jaime good morning , Mr. parrish . parrish good morning , Jaime . jaime knight 's reward in the 4th at calder -- a bemuse parrish walk on , Joe beside he , Jaime pursue they . jaime ( cont would ) -- a closer in today with cheap speed . the colt will come from the cloud and boom ! fifty -eight dollar horse . I get you down , Mr. parrish , just say the word . parrish ( smile ) I be sorry , not today , Jaime . parrish and Joe arrive at the bank of elevator . Jaime , back at he post , hit a button . parrish ( cont would ) ( to Joe ) you know , everyday I have walk into this building , Jaime give I a horse . ( a moment ) I wonder if any of they win . the elevator materialize , parrish and Joe step on . int . parrish communications , office of the chairman - day parrish and Joe emerge from the executive elevator , Jennifer be wait as usual with she pad , " good morning " 's , etc . as parrish stride down the hall , Joe right beside he , he pass instruction back to Jennifer who , scribbling , hurry along behind they . parrish -- and call my family , I would like they to come over for dinner tonight . jenifer do not the family get together last night --? parrish ( remonstrate , gently ) Jennifer . jenifer of course , Mr. parrish . right away . Jennifer wheel and head right back to the office as parrish arrive at the door to the board room . parrish ( to Joe ) perhaps you would like to wait in my office --? joe no. parrish what I be try to say be this be a board meeting and you be not a meem - ber of the board . joe I be sure you will see to it that it will not be a problem . parrish hesitates , nod , concede the point , reach for the doorknob . int . board room , parrish communications - day parrish enter , Joe follow right behind he . a euphony of " good morning " 's from the various member of the board , include quince . everyone sit when parrish do but Joe , right at home , spot a tray of refreshment : coffee , pas - try , he head for they . parrish ( to the board ) -- this be Joe Black , a personal associate of mine - uh - he will be join we today . I know it 's -- uh -- unusual , and my apology -- and Drew -- uh -- carry on . immediately indication of surprise on board member ' face at parrish bring in a ' observer ' , Drew 's reaction guard but intense . drew ( after a moment , to Joe ) Nice to see you . I do not expect you , but certainly you can not get enough of a good thing . joe thank you . drew ( to the board ) the board of parrish Communications - be hereby call to order . we sole order of business be a acceptance of John bontecou 's generous offer and -- joe ( to Drew ) do you have any more of this deli - cious cookie ? a hushed silence at the inappropriateness of Joe 's inter - ruption . joe ( cont would ) and a cup of tea . with milk , I think . I would like to try it English - style . yes , a cup of tea with milk . drew anything else , Mr. Black ? how about some water ? joe why yes , thank you . drew hot or cold . joe cold . drew and a glass . Drew indicate to the board 's stenographer to arrange Joe 's refreshment . parrish ( quietly , indicate a chair ) would you like to sit down , Joe ? joe yes . Joe sit . drew to review -- we be really crossing the 't 's and dotting the ' i 's here . Bill have a great and conclusive meeting with John bontecou yester - day , all that remain for we be to put it to a vote . smile and murmur of a congratulatory receptiveness from the board at Drew 's news . parrish ( emptily ) thank you , Drew . parrish take a moment , draw himself up to say something official then stop himself , what follow be spontaneous , reflective , deeply feel . parrish ( cont would ) umm -- I do enjoy -- or rather I be interested in meeting John yes - terday -- impressive ... I suppose ... but it do get I to think . I start in this business because this be what I want to do . I know I be not go to write the great american novel , but I also know there be more to life than buy something for a dollar and sell it for two . I want to give the news to the world , and I want to give it unvarnish . the more we all know about each other , the great the chance we will survive . sure , I want to make a profit , you can not exist without one but John bontecou be all profit . if we give he license to absorb parrish Communications , and he have he eye on a few other after we , we will be appoint he to the position he crave -- gatekeeper . in order to reach the world you will have to go through John bontecou . and not only will you have to pay he to do this , far more expensive , you will have to agree with he . report the news be a privilege and a responsibility and it be not exploitable . parrish Communications have earn this priv - ilege , John bontecou want to buy it . as you chairman , I urge you to agree this company be not for sale . a silence , everybody shift , the board be in shock , Drew be try to maintain he balance . drew ( carefully ) ... sound like you be not leave much room for discussion . parrish ( to the board ) sorry . I know it look like I be reversing my field . drew that 's you privilege , Bill . but give we need , give the absolute necessity for growth , give the fu - ture , the truth be ... join John bontecou be every bit as certain as - death and tax . Joe interject : joe ' death and tax ' ? after a moment . drew yes . joe " death and tax " ? another moment . drew yes . joe what a odd pair . drew it 's just a say , Mr. Black , joe of whom ? drew it do not matter . joe then why do you bring it up ? Drew regards Joe . drew you be not familiar with the phrase , " in this world , nothing be certain but death and tax " ? parrish I be now . drew glad I could be of some help . the board be provoke and mystify by Joe and even more by he presence , they cast meaningful glance at parrish , Drew coolly grasp the irritation of the member . parrish break the silence . parrish shall we adjourn ? drew but the matter 's still on the table , Bill -- edward sloane , a contemporary of parrish 's , have be warily silent , but extremely observant . protective of parrish , and sense he burgeon difficulty , he interrupt : sloane why do not we let it rest for the moment ? give it some air ? parrish well say , Eddie . Mr. Black , shall we ? Joe rise . joe ( to Drew ) that cookie be excellent . he exit with parrish , the door close behind they . a babble of disturb reaction from the board . drew who be that guy ? Drew grab a telephone : drew ( cont would ) Felicia ? felicia ( o.s. ) yes , sir ? drew get I a field background check on Joe Black . litigation . bankrupt - cie . credit rating . the work . get it ? Drew hang up . int . parrish office - day parrish enter , Joe right on he heel . they booth stop , parrish regards he . parrish -- what 's the deal here ? be you go to be breathe down my neck right ' till the very end ? joe I do not understand . parrish try to gather himself . parrish ... I would like to be alone for a while . joe be you sad , Bill ? parrish yes , I be . there 's a research lib - rary on the fourth floor . why do not you go down and read some magazine ? joe you be not think of go some - where , be you , Bill ? parrish Joe , could I ask you to take a walk ? buy a tie or something . I know I will be see you . joe of course . but Joe do not move . parrish ( prompt ) now I would like to be alone . joe oh. okay . parrish reach into he pocket and hand Joe some cash . parrish here -- this will hold you for a while . Joe stare at the money as parrish show he the door . parrish ( cont would ) you know about money , do not you ? joe it can not buy happiness ? parrish open the door . parrish Jennifer , give Mr. Black a map of the city . joe no thank you , Bill . I can manage . Joe go . int . emergency room area , new york hospital - day Susan be busy give instruction to a nurse , a patient on a examine table beside they . as she finish , she suddenly notice Joe down the corridor in the reception area . she be startle for the moment , quickly make a last notation , hand a chart to the nurse and head down the corridor . susan Joe -- joe how nice you look . be that you uniform ? Susan regards he . susan why do you come here ? Joe do not have a answer . susan ( cont would ) be you ill ? joe oh goodness , no . susan then why be you here , Joe ? joe I come to see you . susan I do not have any time to see you now . I be do grand round and then I be examine back - to- back patient until dinner and then -- joe very well , I will watch . susan watch I do what ? joe whatever you do . susan that 's impossible . I be a doctor , I be -- joe and I will be a visitor . susan patient have visitor , not doctor . joe I do not mind -- visible now behind they be a Caribbean woman in she mid - thirty , teena , a arm around she mother , easter , who be hold she stomach and rock back and forth in she seat , in great pain . teena ( urgently ) miss ? miss Doctor ? susan ( gently ) just a minute , please . teena please . my momma 's sicker and he be . Easter look up and see Joe . she abruptly become still , eye wide , as if sudden recognition . easter obeah . teena no , momma . but Easter just stare at Joe , fearful . easter obeah mon . I gonna die . teena momma , stop it . be just a man . Joe look at Easter , curiously . susan ( to teena ) what 's obeah ? teena bad spirit . she just all fever , she don ' mean nothin' . please help we ? susan have you fill out the insurance form ? teena shake she hand anxiously . Joe lean forward to Easter and speak softly in perfect , lilt West indian dialect . joe no obeah , sister . no duppy , no jumbie . evera ting go ' be irey . Susan and teena both look at he , astonished . Easter 's fearful gaze remain lock on he . joe ( cont would ) go wi ' de doctor lady . momma be fine . easter Don ' leave !? teena ( plead ) momma . Susan lead teena away . Easter be rivete on Joe . easter ( with certainty ) obeah . joe obeah evil . I not evil . easter what you then ? joe I from that nex ' place . easter you wait here and to take we ? like you bus driver to dere ? joe ( smile ) no , no . I on holiday . easter ( look around , dubious ) some spot you pick . she wince with pain , gasp . easter ( cont would ) pain be bad . joe I nuttin ' to do wi ' that . easter make it go ' way . joe Doctor lady make it irey . easter not dis pain . dis pain tru a ' tru . make it go ' way . joe can not , sistah . easter ( adamant , plead ) can , mistah . take I to that nex ' place . Joe regards Easter , a long moment . joe not time yet . easter make it time . Joe shake he head , a firm no . but when he look and speak to Easter again , it be with concern and even regret . joe can not feel wi ' de way ting gotta be , Easter . Susan and teena return with a orderly and a wheelchair for Easter . easter ( to Joe ) please ... teena come now , momma . Easter be help into the wheelchair . she look pleadingly at Joe . the orderly start to wheel she away . Joe stay he , put he hand on Easter 's arm . joe Close you eye , Easter . she do , she pain grimace melt into a peaceful smile . joe ( cont would ) soon . he take he hand away , and the orderly wheel Easter off . susan ( to teena ) go with she . I will be right there . teena go . Joe remain he normal voice . joe she 's in a great deal of pain . susan yes . Susan regards Joe , puzzle . susan ( cont would ) have you spend a lot of time in the island ? joe some . Joe shift . joe ( cont would ) I - uh - I - realize now - uh - my be here - um - you patient -- this be not really appropriate -- and I - uh -- susan do not apologize . there 's nothing to be sorry for -- every hospital should have someone like you . silence . susan ( cont would ) well ... I be glad you come . joe thank you . I be so very glad to be here . another awkward silence . joe ( cont would ) I guess you be busy -- susan yes . she do not move , they search for word . joe well , I could come again some other time . Susan regards he . susan Joe , I be with Drew . joe ( sincerely ) not now . Susan smile gently . joe ( cont would ) do not you want I to come again ...? a moment . susan I have to go , I be sorry to say -- joe be sorry for nothing . another moment . susan yes . well ... thank you , Joe . Susan turn to go , hesitates . joe good-bye , Susan . Susan wave softly to he , head down the hall , glance back once to see Joe have not move , be watch she depart . int . parrish office - afternoon Jennifer show Joe in , parrish be deep in think , beside he a meal laid out beautifully on he desk with linen and silver , but untouched . Joe be more abstract than usual , he be start at parrish 's food . joe be you go to eat you lunch parrish it 's all yours . Joe start eat , parrish watch he , somewhat fascinate , Joe 's chew have improve . parrish ( cont would ) good ? joe excellent . what be it ? parrish cold lamb sandwich with cilantro . a little coleman 's mustard . Joe take another big bite . joe truly - uh - splendid . parrish glad you like it . my wife turn I onto cold lamb sandwich . Joan -- that be my wife -- joe ( familiarly ) uh-huh . parrish cold lamb sandwich -- not as chewy as roast beef , not as boring as chicken . she know stuff like that . silence , parrish get lose in he memory . parrish ( cont would ) -- everything remind I of she -- there be not a day that go by that I do not think about she -- one day she be here . the next day she be go . what be you go to do ? -- I guess you have hear all this a trillion time before . joe and more . parrish why do not you stop I ? joe well ... I do not know . silence . joe ( cont would ) how be it the first time you meet she ? parrish I think you would hear a trillion time -- joe this part I be interested in . a moment . parrish she have on this little blue suit -- with a little white collar that have little red piping on it -- Joe be rivete on parrish ow , parrish aware of he , have pause . parrish ( cont would ) you could have put she under glass and I would have just stand and look at she . but when she speak -- I love the sound of she voice and she laugh -- ( a moment ) -- I could not get enough of she -- and gradually -- or maybe it be not gradually -- I realize I could not live without she . a knock , the door open and Drew enter , look at parrish , then at Joe , stand poise in the doorway . drew May I interrupt ? joe yes . parrish no . drew ( to joe ) ' just kid ' ? parrish sit down , Drew . drew before I do -- ( glance at Joe ) I be hope we might be alone , Bill . parrish Joe and I have no secret from each other . drew ( to Joe ) how nice for you both . Drew take a moment , then plunge in . drew ( cont would ) Bill , pardon my candor , but I be confound by you decision this morning . parrish why ? drew I be hire , you tell I , to help bring parrish Communications into the 21st century . this merger be the vehicle -- Joe interrupt : joe perhaps a merger be a way to bring Bill 's company into the 21st cen - tury . and perhaps it be not . and perhaps cheating on you french philosopher exam at the groton School be a expedient way to get you diploma , and perhaps it be not . be that as it may , Drew , a question can often be argue both way . Drew be stunne . parrish Joe , cut it out . and you too , Drew . drew ( to parrish ) I think this be practically a do deal -- parrish well now it 's undone , okay ? forget bontecou ! scrub he ! I be tired of he fancy name and he fancy offer . I be not go for it . a moment . drew okay . Drew head for the door , turn around . drew ( cont would ) ( to parrish ) can I invite myself to dinner tonight ? ( a moment ) Susan and I have ticket for the knick game . but she say you guy be get together -- parrish dinner ? absolutely . joe absolutely . drew ( to Joe ) damn decent of you . Drew exit . joe why , at this juncture , be you let yourself be so concerned by business matter ? parrish I do not want anybody buy up my life 's work and turn it into something it be not mean to be . a man want to leave something behind . and he want it leave behind the way he make it . and he want it to be run the way he run it -- with a sense of honor , of dedication , of truth . okay ? joe okay . parrish and I do not need you goddamn permis- sion either ! you ! Drew ! I do not need anyone to tell I how to run my life . joe easy , Bill . you will give yourself a heart attack and ruin my vacation . int . salon , parrish townhouse , new york CITY - night the skyline glitter through the terrace window . the hour be before dinner , coyle and luisa weave seamlessly among the family , offer hor d'oeuvre and drink on a tray . allison and Susan together by a piano ; parrish , quince and a distract Joe be gather near the terrace . Joe 's eye be on Susan across the room . her eye flicker towards he , aware of he gaze . allison ( to Susan ) ... we be never all together two night in a row . maybe Christmas , Thanksgiving , that 's it . what 's go on ? susan nothing 's go on . maybe he do not want to be alone . he 's go - ing to be sixty - five in a minute -- allison ... I do not know , daddy seem funny to I . ever since Joe show . it 's like he drop from the cloud ... Drew enter . he nuzzle Susan 's neck , out of the corner of she eye she see Joe still observe they . allison ( cont would ) ... when daddy walk in with he , he could not even remember he name . now he 's he house guest . and you know how he hate house guest . what be go on ? Drew , whose eye have also be on Joe across the room , turn back . drew ( to Susan and allison ) good question . allison see Susan 's eye flicker over towards Joe . allison -- but he do seem very nice . susan you think so ? another angle over at the terrace , quince buttonhole parrish , Joe stand - ing by . quince ( to parrish ) ... I read you all the way on the bontecou thing , and I know where you be come from . and I be with you a hundred and one percent . parrish thank you , quince . quince but I have get to tell you , if merger be in the wild , I have get some great prospect I have develop . I want to talk to you about they next week . parrish next week ? quince yeah . or the week after . quince see parrish hesitate . quince ( cont would ) no good ? parrish no , anything be possible . ( lightly ) it 's up to Joe . quince Joe , you do not know how glad I be you be aboard . anybody who can take some of the weight off the old man , I be in he corner . joe that 's very gracious of you , quince . quince no problem . I will leave you two alone . I can tell you guy have something on the fire -- a excited quince drain he drink and head for Drew as allison appear . allison ( to parrish ) do you know twenty - six member of you rifle company be come ? parrish who ? allison from the Korean War . parrish Conflict , honey . Korean Conflict . allison whatever it be , they will be here . we send out invitation to everyone , plane ticket include -- the rsvp 's be amazing . a few of they we do not hear from , and some of they be dead , of course -- parrish of course . allison ( a moment ) you know , we be go to give this party for you whether you like it or not . parrish I like it . I like it . I be sorry I do not seem more appreciative . allison ( resignedly ) that 's okay , daddy . another angle across the room , quince have pull Drew aside : quince ... I know you be down , but you know when you be down , Drew , there 's no place to go but up . drew thanks , quince . quince never mind bontecou . I have get some other merger possibility up my sleeve , and I be put they to see old man . drew be you ? quince we will do it together . I will clue you in . timing 's get to be right . the old man say it 's up to Joe . drew ' it 's up to Joe ' ? that be he word ? quince yeah . drew ' it 's up to Joe ' , huh ? quince yeah , that 's what he say . drew well , that 's very interesting . Drew gaze intently over at Joe who be crossing to Susan , for the moment by herself near the piano . quince I think so , too . Joe 's a neat guy . drew yeah . neat . another angle Joe approach Susan . joe I want to apologize , Susan -- susan I think you say ' be sorry for nothing ' . joe well , now I be sorry . for intrude on you this afternoon . susan it be not a intrusion . and if it be , it turn out to be welcome . joe I appreciate you -- susan Excuse I ? joe I mean I appreciate that . susan and I appreciate you , too . a moment between they . joe ( delighted ) you do ? well , thank you very much . another angle Drew cross over to parrish . parrish I be a little abrupt with you this afternoon , Drew . forgive I . I want you to know I value you advice . drew as much as Joe 's ? parrish do not answer . drew ( cont would ) who be this man ? he 's give ubiquitous a bad name . a moment . parrish you be competitive soul , Drew . that 's what make you a great addi - tion to the money . Joe be just ... around . drew for how long ? and why ? parrish please . do not worry about he . and above all , do not antagonize he . Drew glance over at Joe . drew boss 's order , huh ? I be great at follow they . and I think I will start right now . allison call out from the other side of the room : allison dinner 's ready , everybody ! a buzz as coyle open the door to the dining room and the family file in , Drew linger behind with Joe . drew I have a confession to make to you , Joe . Joe just smile in response . drew ( cont would ) do you want to hear it ? joe ( pleasantly ) no. drew well , I be go to tell you anyway . I do cheat on that exam at groton . but so do twenty - six other guy , and nobody ever mention it until today . and I be expect you will not mention it again . I do not know who you be and where you be get you information , but I be willing to pretend I do not hear it , and let bygone be bygone . but can I tell you something else , it would be nice to see the big guy without you next to he . what be you , he shadow ? do you hold he dick for he when he go to take a leak ? you know some - time somebody would like a few minute - ute alone with w.p . that mean without you . okay , pal ? let 's eat . int . dine room , parrish townhouse - night everyone eat silently but look be exchange , glance avert , allison notice Susan and Joe look at each other , Drew observe parrish watch Joe , quince , on the other hand , just eat . break the silence , parrish chink he glass , stand . parrish -- I - uh - want to thank you all for come - uh - my family -- everyone at the table be all attention . parrish ( cont would ) -- allison and quince , Susan -- and the other member -- he glance at Joe , stop . parrish ( cont would ) -- I be so happy when we can get together -- I mean I know you all have busy life -- susan look who 's talk . allison ( a laugh ) yeah , speak for yourself . parrish anyway -- I remember when you be little girl -- a awkward pause . quince choose to fill the silence . quince I love little girl -- allison elbow he . parrish and now you be all grow up -- and I be - uh - um -- parrish struggle to keep he emotion in check , Drew clocking he behavior very carefully . parrish ( cont would ) I have some word all prepare but now I have forget they - uh - um - wait a minute . silence , everyone wait for parrish to proceed . parrish ( cont would ) uh , it 's go ...um -- it be on the tip of my tongue . susan it will come back , daddy . parrish will it ?... parrish look around , search for word he will not find . parrish ( cont would ) anyway , I would like to go on but ... he hesitates , drift into silence . allison ( tentatively ) daddy , you could sit down if you want to . a moment . parrish there be so much I would like to say -- but I can not -- ( another moment ) so I better sit down . carry on , everybody . he sit , then immediately stand up again . parrish ( cont would ) one other thing -- why do not we all have dinner again tomorrow night ? allison dinner ? again ? susan have not you have enough of we , dad ? parrish ( with great sincerity ) no. the word land with effect , Susan and allison have hear it well . susan we will be here . quince you bet . allison with bell on . the guest try to return to they food , Susan be the most concerned about parrish 's lapse , she do not say anything but Drew next to she sense she empathy and , in something of a display , give she a pro forma hug . Joe have observe every instant of Drew 's performance , he anxiety be palpable when coyle lean over to serve he , offer a tray of a roast that have be carve . joe ( to coyle ) I would prefer some peanut butter . coyle how would you like that , sir ? on some kind of toast ? joe toast ? no ... just the butter . coyle right away . coyle head for the kitchen . susan why do you love peanut butter so much ? joe ( intimately ) I do not know . susan I adore thing like that .... food I can not do without . do not you ? Joe be lock on Susan , it be as if there be nobody else in the room . joe yes ... susan it comfort you , do not it ? joe ( captivate ) yes ... I have find that it do . drew mind if I throw up ? parrish ( admonish gently ) please , Drew . joe ( to Susan ) I be very concerned about the woman you attend to today . susan I be , too . joe have she pain abate ? susan we be do what we can for she . but it do not look good . joe I be sorry to hear that . drew who be we talk about ? joe ( to Susan ) but I know she 's grateful for the care you be give she . drew be this a state secret or be we be exclude just for the fun of it ? joe ( to Drew ) Susan 's patient be whom we be talk about . susan Joe visit the hospital today . parrish 's head swivel to Joe . allison do he ? that 's more than we get to do . drew well , maybe next time Joe go , he will take we along . joe perhaps you could remind I . drew I will make a note of it . anything else ? quince I would like to come , too . see Susan strut she stuff . drew you be on , quin-cee . destination Hospital . Joe , you will be the Tour guide . okay ? how 's that sound to you ? silence . parrish regards Joe , then Susan , he face reflect a sudden concern with they relationship . joe Susan be a wonderful doctor . int . salon , parrish townhouse - night after dinner , the family and guest file back in from the dining room , Drew alongside parrish . drew I have to go , Bill -- it 's be a helluva day . need a few minute to sort everything out . parrish okay , we will see you tomorrow . drew sure . Drew peel off , head for the foyer and front door , Susan follow he . parrish corner Joe . parrish why do you go to the hospital ? joe I do not know . parrish you be just curious ? joe I guess ... parrish about Susan ? joe I would not put it that way . parrish what way would you put it ? joe you tell I , Bill . parrish how about you tell I ? when I ask a simple question , I expect a straight answer . that 's what I be use to . anybody who do not give it to I , I fire . joe be you go to fire I , Bill ? silence , parrish be at a loss . int . foyer - night Drew be put on he coat , Susan with he , a tension between they , a heavy silence finally break . susan ... see you tomorrow night . drew include I out . I have have enough of the conversation . susan you do not mean that . you would not disappoint daddy -- drew daddy will do fine . besides , he 's get joe. ( a moment ) and so do you . susan Drew , you be out of line . drew that may be . but I do not like the fucker . I do not like the way he look at you and talk to you . and vice versa . susan sorry , but I like the way he look and talk to I . and vice versa . okay ? drew no , not okay . I think we have a good thing go here . ( a moment ) it show you never know . silence , neither know how to continue . susan well ... goodnight . drew yeah . goodnight . Drew go , Susan turn to find out at the far end of the foyer , he 's be observe they . she walk up to he . susan how long have you be stand there ? joe I do not like the way Drew speak to you . but I feel better about it now because of the way you speak back . a moment . susan tell I about yourself , Joe . who you be . what you be do with my father . Susan 's directness have catch he by surprise , Joe blink . susan ( cont would ) so you be not go to tell I ? Joe remain silent , render extremely anxious by Susan 's inquiry . susan ( cont would ) you be marry , be not you ? joe why ? susan because guy who never say anything about themselves be always marry . Joe do not respond . susan ( cont would ) so you be marry . joe no , I be not . susan girlfriend ? joe no. susan Gay ? joe no. Susan come closer to Joe . susan then tell I , Joe , how come a man as attractive , intelligent , well - speak , diffident in the most sed - uctive way , and yet powerful , be all alone in this world ? Joe try to respond but he can not , he stammer interrupt by Susan . susan ( cont would ) I be sorry , I do not want to pry and you do not want to tell I . so let 's leave it a mystery . that 's the way you want it , be not it ? Susan take another step closer to Joe . joe thank you , I appreciate that . they be inch apart now , the smell of each other surround they , a heaviness to the moment , now Joe turn to head up the stair . susan where be you go ? joe ( softly ) to bed . susan ( suddenly fragile ) ' to bed ' ? joe yes . I be tired . he excuse himself with a ineffable gesture , now climb the stair , Susan watch he disappear . she turn back into the salon just as allison and quince be exite , " good - by " all around . Susan be leave alone now with parrish who be fix a drink at a sidebar . parrish that be wonderful . susan yeah , it 's good to get together . parrish do you mind if I raise a little caution flag ? susan raise away . parrish what be the nature of you interest in Joe ? susan well , remember how you tell I about " lightning strike " ? the nature of it 's in there somewhere . parrish drop another cube of ice in he drink , take he time before answer . parrish I will not say you may be get onto shake ground -- susan then what will you say ? parrish I do not think this be the lightning you be look for . Drew 's a good man . I know I do not seem to be completely in he corner before , but I have come to appreciate -- susan now we love Drew and Joe in verbo - ten ? what 's go on ? parrish nothing . susan when you say ' nothing ' that way , it 's not nothing . parrish then what be it ? susan it 's something . she kiss he . susan ( cont would ) g'night , daddy . see you tomorrow . this be get interesting . she go . CUT to : int . the carlyle HOTEL - next day a large suite , room service cart creak with pot of coffee and half - eat pastry . the board of parrish Communications be gather , absent be parrish and quince . Felicia , Drew 's secretary , take note . drew ... I know you be all as uncomfor - table as I be to be meeting without Bill , but I get a call last night from John bontecou . not only be he still interested , he be sweeten he offer . ( a moment ) although it pain I to say it , in my opinion Bill parrish deal with we peremptorily in dismiss any deal with bontecou . therefore , I be sorry to say that if we be to exam - ine this new offer responsibly as the board of director of parrish Communications , we must do so with - out its Chairman . ( another moment ) oh yes , there be one additional element : bontecou be so anxious to get we , he say he would take parrish Communications with we Chairman or without . the board fall silent . sloane , a peer of parrish 's , fidget . Drew milk the moment . drew ( cont 'd ) it 's no surprise if I suggest to you that the Bill parrish we know be not the Bill parrish you see yesterday . you hear that speech -- some strange emotional rationale to buttress a knee -jerk rejection of a legitimate offer . do it not strike you that something be possibly affect this man 's judgement ? more specifically -- he judgement to make a critical business decision ? silence , the board clocking Drew 's argument . drew ( cont 'd ) it 's not pleasant to say the follow - ing , but I would be remiss , in this crisis , if I do not . when we pre - send Bill with the improve bontecou offer , and if he refuse to let we consider it -- once more make a adamant or emotional rejection -- we will have no choice but to seek a alternative . sloane and what would that be ? drew Bill 's birthday be the day after tomorrow . there be a provisory by - law in we charter . per the discre - tion of the board , corporate off - icer can be retire at age sixty - five . sloane you be take this too far , Drew . drew be I not obligate to ? Drew lean over to Felicia , speak quietly and she leave the room . drew ( cont would ) how do this all come about ? crisis -- Bill parrish , crisis -- he com - pany , crisis for we . I come about with the arrival on the scene of -- Mr. Joe Black . Mr. Joe who ? Joe Black . he attend we board meet - int , he sleep at Bill 's house , be - side in he office . never leave he side . and , in my opinion , be always in he ear . telling he what to do and Bill be listen . who be Joe Black ? what be he relationship to Bill parrish ? and most important , what be behind he influence on we Chairman ? sloane you be building this thing up too much , Drew . he 's have advisor be - fore . nobody tell Bill what to do . the door open and Felicia enter follow by quince , sur - prise at see a conven board , but still he be all smile . drew thank you for come . sloane hello , quince . quince hi , Ed , hi folk , I do not know everybody be go to be here , what a nice surprise . what 's the big confab ? sloane ( acidly ) this be a secret meeting . drew ( to quince ) I hope you will respect its nature -- what we be try to do here be gather we thought -- in light of Bill 's rejection of bontecou 's offer -- and make a appropriate presenta - tion to he as to how we think the company might proceed . wo not you share with we board the information you give I last night ? quince hesitates , then realize what Drew have on he mind . he nod confidently to Drew , then turn importantly to the board . quince well , I be happy to tell you I have get good news . as I be tell Drew , I have be make a little hay while the bontecou sun be shine -- two , possibly three new and boil hot prospect for merger . drew how do Bill react to the lead you have develop ? quince he be interested . drew ( prompt ) -- but he be concerned about the timing ? quince the timing -- yes . he say it 's up to Joe . drew ' it 's up to Joe ' ? quince that 's what he say . quince , have dispense he information , look proudly around at the board member . they be stunne , sloane in shock . Drew be absolutely still , let quince 's word sink in . int . dine room , parrish townhouse - night parrish , Joe , Susan , allison and quince be seat at the table , dessert plate in front of they , coffee cup beside . allison and Susan 's eye be on parrish , look for some clue as to why have he gather the family together yet again . parrish be somewhat within himself , but he peek over he demi-tasse cup at Joe , parrish aware of Joe 's heighten interest in Susan , and Susan 's reciprocation . coyle enter carry two impose stem silver trays with cake on they , luisa follow with one other . they set they down in front of parrish . parrish what be this ? allison Annie make they . parrish who 's Annie ? allison from La rosette , only the great pastry chef in America . ( point ) this be orange , from real Seville orange . lemon , on a mille - feuille crust , a little on the fanciful . and a while , nothing like a good old white cake , vanilla , with angel food but some maroon shaving throw in . parrish I do not like cake . allison it 's for the party , dad -- parrish oh , the goddam party -- allison ' goddam party ' ! allison burst into tear . allison ( cont would ) ( to quince ) do you hear that ? quince quickly slashes a piece , take a huge bite . quince this be great , honey . the orange . have it get a little vodka in it ? like that finnish stuff , orange vodka -- ( to parrish ) put you lip around this one , Bill . it 's out of this world . parrish no thank you , quince . ( to allison ) I be sorry , honey . I be no good at this . why do not you choose whatever cake you like ? allison I know you be go to say that . tito puente . the old platoon . now the cake . you just do not care . why do I do this ? I should have my head examine . I be try to throw the party for the century for my father - and you know what -- he do not give a shit . she burst into tear all over again . quince but he do give a shit . do not you , Bill ? parrish yeah , I give a shit . quince see . there . what would I tell you ? Joe watch as quince dab at allison 's tear with a napkin . quince ( cont would ) feel better ? allison yeah , but -- quince but what ? allison what will I tell Annie ? parrish fork a bit of a cake . parrish this one . quince the vodka . what would I tell you ? quince put a reassure arm around allison , she seem to relax now , Joe have be a keen observer of what have tran - pire between husband and wife , between man and woman , a sense that he have take in the virtue of such a relation - ship . int . salon , parrish townhouse - night after dinner , parrish , allison and Susan be gather to - gether . at the bar on the other side of the room , Joe watch as quince pour himself a stiff hooker of brandy . joe ( to quince ) cirrhosis of the liver be the fifth lead killer of adult western male . quince I do not know that . joe on the other hand , Winston churchill drank a bottle of cognac a day and live until he be ninety - one . after a moment . quince you be a original , Joe . a little hard to figure , maybe ... joe and you be a nice man , quince . quince thanks . joe you be welcome . another angle Drew appear unannounced in the doorway , exchange a tense glance with Susan , then head straight for parrish who seem surprised to see he . drew ( to parrish ) sorry to intrude , Bill , but we have get a bit of a crisis downtown -- it 's not something we could talk about on the phone . parrish take Drew aside . drew ( cont would ) the board 's real unhappy , pappy -- they feel you deal with they pre - emptorily , you never give they a chance to speak -- parrish what be there to say ? they know what John bontecou be -- and if they do not , they know now . drew yes , you make you feel abun - dantly clear . now they want to do the same with theirs . parrish what be they feeling ? drew if I read this board right now , they want you to accept bontecou 's offer . parrish over my dead body . parrish 's burgeon anger have now get the attention of Joe , Susan , quince and allison . drew what do you think the board be go to say when I tell they that ? parrish I do not care . drew with all due respect , you damn well better care because if you try to stonewall they again , there will be blood on the floor . silence , parrish carefully calibrate Drew 's remark . parrish whose ? drew your . parrish I be feel real uncomfortable right now because the guy who report to I be threaten I . drew I be just give you the truth . there be a time when William parrish like the truth . Joe , although across the room , be all attention . parrish I think it 's time you go home , Drew . drew certainly . goodnight . Drew go , everybody be in shock , Susan pursue he out into the hallway . susan Drew ! he stop . susan ( cont would ) never talk to my father like that again . drew do not worry about it . there 's a beginning and a middle and a end to everything . and I think I have come to the end of my chapter with the parrish . Joe have follow they into the hallway . drew ( cont would ) and the end begin with this guy . Drew look down towards Joe . drew ( cont would ) Mr. Black --? we run a check on you and you know what we come up with ? joe no , I do not -- drew not good , not bad , you know what we get ? nothing . no credit , no car , no mortgage -- no wife . nothing . Joe wait . drew ( cont would ) all of a sudden a guy appear on the scene with the Chairman of one of the great communication corpus - tion of the world , the boss make he privy to all the company 's secret , he attend the board meet - ing , and we work stiff with mba 's up the ass and year and year and year of experience , we be leave outside with we nose press against the window . Joe do not respond . drew ( cont would ) this be a big-time operation , deal - ing in big-time issue , demand big-time executive who make big - time decision . so , Joe , why do not you tell I exactly what it be that 's big time about you ? after a moment . joe you first . susan ( to Drew ) why do not you get off he case ? drew oh , you be the great Joe 's attorney now ? be we go to go to court ? or be we go to go to bed ? and I do not mean you and I . I mean you and he . susan that 's it . it 's over . get out . drew so I guess a blowjob 's out of the question ? Joe clear he throat . drew ( cont would ) do you say something ? Joe consider he evenly . joe almost . susan ( to Drew ) I say get out . now Drew wheel , head right for the front door and exit with a slam . joe what a angry fellow . a moment pass before Susan realize she and Joe be alone , and Joe do as well . susan I be sorry about -- joe please . we do not need to talk about Drew . she regards Joe . susan no . we do not . they drift , osmotically , into the library in awkward silence . susan ( cont would ) brave you have a chance to look at dad 's rare book ? jefferson 's parliamentary manual , a first edition bleak House -- Joe come closer , take a deep breath . joe I love you smell . susan -- I guess you have not . now Susan , close to Joe , lean closer , she nose in Joe 's neck . Joe hold himself very still . susan ( cont would ) I like you smell , too . joe thank you . susan it be everything . silence , the ticking of the clock . susan ( cont would ) when I be little , my mother use to say , " darling , you could set you heart by this clock " . joe -- could you ? susan never try , ' till now . ( suddenly ) Joe , may I kiss you ? joe why , yes . thank you . a moment . susan you be welcome . Susan reach out for Joe , they kiss , he be awkward but he very awkwardness endear . Susan pull he closer , they linger now , mouth on each other 's , then separate . susan ( cont would ) thank you . joe you be welcome . the clock tick on . a sense of forebode fall over Joe 's face , he fear that he be pass through some barrier , a point of no return . susan Joe ? the apprehensive expression on Joe 's face fade away . joe yes ? susan I do not know who you be . joe well ... I be -- uh , Joe . and you be Susan . and I - uh - have this weak feel in my knee -- susan and be you heart beat strangely ? joe faster . and I want the scent from underneath you ear and the taste of you lip and the touch of you tongue to stay with I -- forever . a intake of breath . she be about to speak . joe ( cont would ) and you do not even have to say a word . they face inch from each other 's . susan I have to go home . but neither Susan nor Joe move . susan ( cont would ) do not I ? her question make Joe , almost involuntarily , smile . Susan take the opportunity to step back from he . the SOUND of someone at the door , it be parrish , Susan turn , comprehend immediately how the situation will appear to he . susan goodnight , daddy . she drift right past he , exit . Joe and parrish be leave alone now , eye on each other 's . joe hello , Bill . parrish ( carefully ) hello . would you like to join I , quince and allison for a nightcap ? joe um -- not right now . a awkward moment . parrish okay . goodnight . joe goodnight . parrish turn and exit , Joe 's head incline , he breathes in the scent of he collar . CUT to : int . executive suite , parrish communications - next day parrish , follow by Joe , emerge from he private elevator , be greet as usual : jenifer good morning , Mr. parrish . parrish good morning , Jennifer . jenifer the board be wait . parrish what ? jenifer do not you call a board meeting ? Jennifer see parrish be try to right he balance , she know better than to press the point . jenifer ( cont would ) yes , the member be wait . they be in the board room now . Jennifer nod respectfully as parrish do not cast a flicker of any further surprise , head straight for the board room , Joe right beside he . int . board room , parrish communications - day parrish and Joe enter , the entire board be assemble , includ - ing Drew , quince and sloane . parrish good morning . a odd mixture of response , the board sheepish and at the same time look they most dutiful at this odd meeting , its sudden conven clearly a problem for parrish , a prob - lem which he do not attempt to hide , only control . drew do you want to have a cup of coffee or something , Bill ? parrish I do not think so . do you ? Drew get the message , at the same time Joe be check out all the attendee , he eye come to rest on Drew . drew ( to parrish ) to get to the point , we have be - ceive new information from John bontecou concern he desire for this company to merge with he , and we want to set the detail before you . a moment as parrish look around , the moment extend , it appear he may not ever answer . parrish that 's it ? drew bontecou want a quick response and -- parrish the answer be no , quick enough for you ? drew do not you want to hear the detail ? parrish I be not interested in the detail . and I be not interested in the big picture either . what I be inter - ersted in be how my board get conven - ed behind my back , be entertaining a further proposal from a man whom it offend I to do business with , moreover have the audacity to present this to I like a prize fish , and I be expect to clap for it like a perform seal . no , thank you . drew so I be to understand from you be - sponse that you do not want to hear the detail of bontecou 's offer ? parrish yes , you be to understand that , and now may I ask you a question ? drew certainly , Bill . parrish be you run this board or be I ? sloane lean in . sloane we be not get anywhere here . why do not we take some of the best out of this thing , let 's consider it coolly , let 's take a week -- drew bontecou want a speedier response than that . sloane he will wait -- parrish do not need to . today , tomorrow , a week from now -- 'a week from now ' , who can think about a week from now -- the answer be go to be the same -- a loud , unmistakable , all - inclusive , airtight -- ' no ' . a buzz amongst the board , they finally rustle into silence under parrish 's wither glance . parrish ( cont would ) that 's it ? I have get a busy day and this meeting have already set I behind . shall we adjourn ? drew before we do , while we be here , there be a second question the board would like a response to , a far simpler one . parrish wait . drew ( cont would ) who be the man sit to the right of you ? everybody 's eye be on Joe . parrish I have already introduce Mr. Black to you all . drew but who be he ? what be he creden - tial ? what be he relationship to you ? no response from parrish . drew ( cont would ) the feel of the board be this : we fear Mr. Black be not only influenc - ing you decision in regard to this company , but that you be rely on he to make they for you . quince flinch at this word , he hand clasped in front of he , he knuckle white as parrish regards Drew , but still do not answer . drew ( cont would ) the lack of response , Bill , be not appropriate . we be you board , we have a right to know how you be manage the operation of this company , and most importantly , that you have not delegate someone to do it for you . parrish squirm , desperately uncomfortable but still do not speak . drew ( cont would ) okay , one more time . Drew regards Joe . drew ( cont would ) who be Joe Black ? parrish stare stoically into the middle distance as quince 's head sink into he hand . drew ( cont would ) ( to the board ) a motion have be bring before the board to invoke article 19 of the corporate charter . parrish in English , please . drew mandatory retirement upon we Chairman 's sixty - fifth birthday . parrish be expressionless . drew ( cont would ) at which time , the Chairman will be name emeritus , he will be welcome to attend all meeting , and will serve as International spokesman for the corporation plus , of course , a settlement , a golden parachute of such magnitude that he foot will never touch the ground . Drew pause . drew ( cont would ) please indicate you vote by a " yes " or " no " . a " yes " be hear , now another " yes " , now more " yes " es , all reluctant , " no " from sloane , " no " from quince who realize he be the instrument of parrish 's dismissal . drew ( cont would ) the motion be pass . we will of course delay the announcement , out of respect for we former Chairman , until after the celebration of he birthday this weekend . parrish thank you for allow I to save face , Drew . Joe 's eye be rivete on Drew . drew ( to the board ) the other motion before we be the acceptance of John bontecou 's offer to merge this corporation with bontecou International -- parrish stand , Drew stop speak . parrish Joe ? silence , then Joe rise . joe ( to the board ) who I be , and my relationship to Bill , will be divulge in we own good time . Joe follow parrish out of the room . int . hallway , outside board room - day sloane have pursue parrish and Joe . sloane ( to parrish ) ... it 's not over , ' till it 's over . parrish please , Eddie , no ' fat Lady sing " shit . sloane I still sense some doubt in this group , we could turn it around . you will be up in the country ? parrish yes , the big ' celebration ' of my mandatory retirement birthday . you be a honore guest , Eddie . sloane I be go to stick it out here . we still have a shot . the elevator door open , parrish and Joe step inside and the door close , leave sloane behind . int . hallway , parrish communications - day the board meeting have break up , cluster of member have lingered , exchange post-mortem . and enraged quince have cornere Drew , out of earshot of the other . quince what have you do ? you have get the old man fire ! drew that we do . thanks to you . he be wobble , mind you , but you stupid the coup de grace . quince fall silent , aquiver with this reality . quince I be go to put a stop to this ! drew quince , you can not unscramble scramble egg . quince but I do not mean to do it ! drew the train 's leave the station , pal , and you be aboard . would you like to hear the silver lining ? check that , gold . I have be work with John bontecou all along . we have a game plan -- acquire parrish Communications then break it apart and pedal it piece - by-piece to the high bidder . I set it up for he , he smack it out of the park . quince be strike dumb . drew ( cont would ) do not you know what this will mean ? you will be rich . you will sell you stock , you can stop kissing ass -- what will it feel like to be a man ? quince I do not want to get rich this way -- I be go to expose you . drew go right ahead . tell William parrish how you betrayed he at a secret board meeting . and tell allison how you get she father fire -- and he lose he company . quince go ashen . drew ( cont would ) it 's just life , quin-cee . Drew hail a employee across the hall . drew ( cont would ) ( to quince ) wake up and smell the thorns . Drew join the employee as quince slump against the wall . int . foyer , parrish townhouse - day parrish enter , Joe right behind he , coyle take they coat , disappear . parrish hesitates for a moment , shrug as if he have a think he do not want to share , then head upstairs with Joe . he be trudging a bit , Joe sense he mood . joe I be sorry , Bill -- parrish that 's okay . joe what 's okay ? parrish just a manner of speak . Joe seem puzzle . parrish ( cont would ) what ' okay ' be , it 's ' okay ' it 's over . we have get bigger fish to fry , do not we , Joe ? joe ' Fish ' ? parrish never mind . I be tired . I be go to take a nap . a moment . parrish ( cont would ) be you hungry ? coyle will have luisa fix you something to eat . joe I be not hungry . parrish then I can not help you . parrish turn into he bedroom , close the door gently behind he . Joe continue down the hall , enter the guest wing . int . guest suite , parrish townhouse - day midday sunlight stream into the sit room , Joe pass through to he bedroom , sit tentatively on the bed , feel the edge of the silk spread , touch the pillow , then rise again , cross back to the sit room . Susan appear in the doorway , Joe suddenly sense she , turn around . susan you be here ? joe I be . he stand , they regard each other for the moment . joe ( cont would ) May I take you coat ? she do not answer , start to take off the coat herself , Joe come around she to help , Susan sense he breathe in the scent at the back of she neck . susan I just think I would drop by , scrounge a little lunch , I be in the neigh - borhood -- joe how beautiful . he start to hang Susan 's coat up . susan just throw it on the chair . Joe hold she coat carefully on the chair . a awkward moment , the two of they shifting from foot - to-foot . susan ( cont would ) when I call , they say that you and daddy have just leave the office . joe he 's take a nap . susan he must be tired -- this bontecou thing -- joe yes , he 's tired . I believe so . a moment . joe ( cont would ) you must be hungry ? Susan sit on the couch . susan no , not anymore . be you ? Joe hear the question but do not answer , sit down on the couch beside she . susan ( cont would ) ( after a moment ) be you cold ? joe ... no. susan maybe it 's the draft through the door . she get up , close the door , sit back down again next to Joe . a warm , awkward silence , they move closer to each other , now they fall into a foreplay which Susan recognize as such , Joe , on the other hand , participate hungrily but have no knowledge where it be lead . his movement be instinctive , the smell of she hair , the shape of she fin - ger , odd thing about she seem to interest he . this excite she because she sense he untutoredness and the very sense of that stir she , they reaction to each other be intuitive and spontaneous ; even though Joe have no know - ledge of how to make love to a woman , ironically he action be such that they never beg the question -- have he do it before . strange territory for Joe , not to be ' in control ' and exert - ing he power , but he invention and response in lovemak - ing be so real that a emotional exchange between he and Susan build . Joe have find himself in a unexplored land of feel and passion , he love what be happen and yet at the same time , be terrify by it . he feel himself be lure by some power he have not only never be aware of , but be deeply dangerous to partake of ; he know what he be do be put who he be at great risk , yet he go right on . the powerful contradiction be transmit to Susan , and in the end there be the knowledge they have together make a journey , they both have be sweep away in a stream of event they have create ; and they do not care about the consequence . spend , they lie in silence . finally Susan speak : susan it 's so wonderful to make love to you . it 's like make love to some - one who have never make love before . Joe sense a opportunity not only to admit to what she have say , but to tell she more , even the truth about himself . he weigh , then resist , the impulse . joe thank you . her head nestle underneath he arm , she have a sense of he comforting she without know that he be do so . susan do you like make love to I ? joe I love it . susan more than you love peanut butter ? joe yes ! she laugh at the earnestness with which he answer . Joe seem to drift away now , they lie together as one but for the first time , she feel separate from he , sense he go to some distant , distant land . susan where be you go ? joe nowhere ? I be ...here . susan for how long ? joe oh , I hope a long , long time . a moment . susan I , too . another moment . joe what do we do now ? she smile . susan it will come to we . int . foyer , parrish townhouse ( later ) - day Joe and Susan be at the front door , he have help she on with she coat , she turn around , they kiss . the kiss linger , Susan break away , reach for the door , look back longingly at Joe and then she be go , Joe close the door softly after she . he turn back into the foyer , look up , parrish be on the balcony , it be clear he have observe Joe and Susan . joe hello , Bill . parrish , in a state of shock , do not answer for a moment . joe ( cont would ) do you have a nice nap ? parrish I could not sleep . joe I be sorry to hear that . he start up the stair . parrish no , I will come down Joe wait guardedly at the bottom of the stair as parrish descend . parrish ( cont would ) what 's go on ? Joe sense parrish 's tone , do not answer . parrish ( cont would ) I see you kiss Susan . joe yes , I see you see I . parrish well , you be at the wrong place at the wrong time with the wrong woman . joe I will be the judge of that . parrish I be she father ! joe with all due respect , Bill , I be not ask you permission . parrish well , you goddam well should . you walk into my life , give I the worst news a guy can get , have I dance on the head of pin with my busi - ness and with my family , and now you be spoon with my daughter . joe ' spoon ' ? parrish yes , and stop repeat everything I sai , and turn it into a question . spoon , fool around , God know what . you arrive on the scene -- why you pick I , I still do not under - stand -- joe I pick you for you verve , you excellence , and for you ability to - how shall I say - instruct . you have live a first- rate life . and I find it eminently usable . parrish measure Joe . parrish what do you want ? Joe do not answer , rivete now on parrish . parrish ( cont would ) everybody want something , Joe . you have be take I from pillar to post here . I think I know who you be , and it be not a whole lot of fun , however it be almost bear - able . now I be get something else from you , something very , very strange -- what be it that you want , Joe ? joe I be only follow the parrish byword . look for that ' ounce of excitement ' , that ' whisper of a thrill ' -- what there be no sense live you life without . you know what I mean , Bill . parrish 's jaw set . parrish you be violate the law of the universe . joe this universe ? parrish any universe that exist or ever exist . you may be the pro , Joe . but I know who you be . and you be all fuck up . joe I do not like you tone , and I do not like you reference . parrish and I do not give a shit . joe May I remind you this be not just a dispute with a putative suitor , this be I . so watch it ... Bill . parrish cut the ' Bill ' crap out -- you sonofabitch . joe I tell you , ' watch it '. silence . now Joe turn on he heel , head right out the front door . parrish be leave solitary , confound , stare at the close door . int . emergency room area , new york hospital - day Joe walk down a hallway , a bouquet of flower in hand , look around the usual feverish activity , he seem lose for the moment , but a receptionist catch he eye . receptionist can I help you ? joe Dr. parrish . receptionist she come on at 6 . joe oh. he look at the flower , regards they for a moment , then head for a elevator . int . easter's room , new york hospital - day Easter be sit up in bed , hook up to a tv and moni - tor . she glance over at the doorway , Joe be stand there , observe she . a awkward silence , he look at he flower again , now set they respectfully on Easter 's bedstand . easter mistah bad News . ' Bout time you show up . Joe speak to she in the dialect . joe Don ' be facety , woman . easter none facety , mistah . you come for I ? dat 's good news . joe no , I come to see Doctor . easter Doctor ? what could be wrong wit ' you ? joe nuthin' . silence , then Easter smile . easter oh , you come to see Doctor Lady ? joe yes . easter my Doctor Lady ? joe mine , too . she think about this for the moment , Joe grow uncomfort - able . easter you in love ? Joe seem slightly torment by the question , Easter sense he try to frame a respect . joe yah . easter you love back ? joe I be . easter she know you real self ? joe she know how she feel . easter ( scoffing ) rass ! joe ( irritably ) Don ' need you okayin' . easter schoolboy ting be you head . badness for you , badness for she , badness for I , lyin ' here tumor , big as breadfruit , poison my inner a ' wait . joe brung you flower and all I gettin 's facety back . easter ( stubbornly ) only flower I want ' see 's one 's over my peaceful self restin ' in the dutty . joe can do no right by people . come to take , you want ' to stay , leave you stay , you want ' to go . rahtid ! silence , Easter wait , watch Joe . easter you not in you right place , mistah . Easter 's response stop Joe cold , he look away and then back at she , she have clearly reach he . easter ( cont would ) I ain ' either . no more . you come wi ' I now . take I . joe but I not lonely here . somebody want I here . Easter consider Joe , she smile sympathetically . easter it nice it happen to you . it like you come to cat Island and you have a holiday , sun do not burn you red , just brown , sleep no mosquito eat you , rum no poung you head nex ' day . but trut ' be , that bound to happen , you stay long enough . so tak that nice picture home wi ' you , but don ' be fool . we lonely here mostly , too . if we lucky , we get some nice picture . Easter drift into silence , she eye and Joe 's meet , a sense they understand each other . Easter shift , try hard to ease she discomfort . joe ( gently ) get enough nice picture , Easter . she look at he and nod gratefully and close she eye . Joe watch she , now he eye close . Easter exhales raspingly , fall still . the monitor flatline . a beep alarm sound somewhere down the hall . Joe open he eye , take a deep breath , he seem troubled . joe ( cont would ) g'bye , sistah . she slip out of the room . int . library , parrish townhouse - late afternoon parrish be play solitaire . the SOUND of the front door close , heel crossing the foyer , he look up , at the foyer door be Susan . parrish hello , honey . he start to get up , she motion to he to stay , look around now . susan where 's Joe ? parrish Joe ? a silence . parrish ( cont would ) Joe 's not around . susan where be he ? parrish I do not know . Susan seem distract . parrish ( cont would ) why be you look for Joe ? susan because I be sit in a staff meeting , incredibly bored , my mind keep wander and the only place it land be -- Joe . parrish I do not understand . susan love. Passion . obsession , all that thing you tell I to wait for . well , they have arrive . parrish blink , stare down at he card . parrish this be crazy -- susan why ? a man appear at you side , almost never leave it , you clearly trust he , depend on he , I sense you value he deeply , why be not that thing good enough for I ? parrish you do not know anything about Joe -- susan what be you afraid of , dad ? that I will fall head over heel for Joe -- well , I have -- as you do with mom. ( a moment ) that 's always be standard , whether you like or not . parrish try to get hold of himself , change gear now . parrish Susan , I do not think Joe be go to be with we long . susan where 's he go ? parrish I do not know , I can not say -- susan c'mon ! the guy 's work with you . you always know chapter and verse about everyone who work -- parrish in this case , I can not . I - uh -- I just can not help you . I only would tell you -- that with Joe , you be on very , very dangerous ground . Susan do not answer for a moment . susan I love he . parrish I do not care if you love he ! I be tell you he 's no good for you ! a moment . susan of course not , daddy . I be sorry . there be something in Susan 's tone that let he know not a word have sink in . parrish slump . susan ( cont would ) I love you , too . she kiss parrish , rearrange one of he rank of card , shuffles through the deck , turn over the top card , lay down a card parrish need . susan ( cont would ) lightn do strike . parrish watch as Susan turn , disappear out the door . ext . third avenue , new york CITY - twilight Joe walk disconcertedly up the street , bump shoulder with the rush hour crowd , trap in the life of the city , he peer intently at face , car , into store window . he stop now at the window of a Korean grocery , something have catch he eye , he step inside . through the window , Joe can be see make a purchase , he hand the Korean clerk some money , walk out . Joe , back on the street now , unscrew the top of a jar of peanut butter , dip a wad out with he finger . the Korean clerk run out after he . clerk Change ! Change ! Joe stop , uncomprehend . the clerk hand Joe bill and coin . joe why be you give I money ? clerk Change . joe I be who I be . I can not change . Joe try to hand the money back , but the baffle clerk refuse it . clerk you change ! joe that 's impossible . you be waste you money . I could not change even if I want to . the clerk , exasperate , murmur something in he language and return to the store . Joe continue on down the street . int . library , parrish townhouse - night parrish be sit in a wing chair stare at the fire . Joe appear in the doorway , parrish do not notice he . Joe wait , finally parrish look up . they regard each other . silence . joe uh -- parrish yes ? joe -- I have the feel that , all in all , what I make this voyage for -- have serve its purpose . parrish what be you say , that it 's time to go ? Joe do not respond , parrish and Joe measure each other for the moment . parrish ( cont would ) I be ready . joe you be ? parrish yeah . joe good . tomorrow , after the party . parrish nod , Joe nod back . CUT to : ext . helicopter Pov , hudson valley - afternoon a bird 's eye view of the Hudson , over the George Washington Bridge , past the widest expanse of the river at the tappan Zee , come in now over the great lawn and old estate of the Upper Hudson Valley , down towards annadale -on-hudson and the parrish country estate , which command a beehive of activity , tent and workmen and vehicle . ext . parrish country estate - afternoon the parrish astar set down in its roped - off landing area . the butler run towards it to open the door , parrish and Joe disembark . follow the butler , they make they way through the maelstrom : tent be raise , platform for music group , portable pool with cluster of florist lean over the edge to arrange lily pad within . parrish and Joe move solemnly , observe the activity , not speak to one another . although they be shoulder - to- shoulder , there be a distance between they . they walk on past chan - delier in the garden and fake tree with light woven through they branch . add to the confusion , the astar lift off , the chandelier rock and floral pool rippling from the blast of the rotor . May , the housekeeper , appear . may ( to parrish ) telephone call , sir . Mr. sloane from New York . parrish nod , start up for a wing off the main house , Joe right at he side . parrish stop . parrish Excuse I . Joe , not know whether to be affront or not , hesitates , and parrish stride away . Joe do not follow . int . parrish study , country estate - afternoon a low - sling but well - appoint room with a write table , a work fireplace , expensive and appropriate Hudson Valley print . parrish enter , click on the speakerphone , observe the party activity through a wide , bow window . parrish Eddie ? sloane ( o.s. ) ( speakerphone ) yeah - Bill - how be you ? you okay ? parrish Fine , fine . Big do up here . why be you still down here ? sloane ( o.s. ) ( speakerphone ) the board 's work through the weekend , try up the loose end this damn thing . but I want to give it one more try , I be still hold out some hope . parrish Eddie , hold out all the hope you want but , I promise you , it 's hope - less , it 's over . come on up , let 's get drunk , if I have you shoulder to lean on I might actually enjoy this -- sloane ( o.s. ) ( speakerphone ) no , I be go to stay down here , keep my finger in the dike and maybe by Monday , the water could recede . parrish if you be try to show I lay - down - in- front -of - the -bus loyalty , forget it . sloane ( o.s. ) ( speakerphone ) sorry , Bill , have a drink , eat you cake , blow out the candle and make a wish . talk to you Monday . okay ? parrish okay , Eddie -- anyway , thanks for the memory . parrish click off the speakerphone , turn around and look out the window again , the party preparation in full swing , color light be test , they flicker on and off . ext . lawns , country estate - afternoon allison be everywhere , parrish emerge from he wing , she catch he eye immediately , the calm director of a demille - like epic , politely give worker instruction , make lightning decision . parrish turn he attention now to a ice- fill fountain encircle two giant topiary letter write in faux - cyrillic , a ' B ' and a ' p' , as rubber - boot delivery man carefully arrange giant ice chest of caviar under each letter . a smile crease parrish 's face as , in a unexpected lull , allison back into he at the fountain . allison hi , daddy , what do you think ? parrish it 's start to grow on I . but what do the ' B ' and ' p ' mean ? allison the fountain be the Caspian Sea and the Sea be serve up caviar . the ' B 's for beluga , the ' p ' for petrossian . of course , they also stand for ' Bill ' and for ' parrish ' . parrish do they , m'dear ? allison -- plus we have get a baritone with a balalaika come from the Russian tea room . I have dress he in a cossack shirt and he will sing Nelson eddy song . parrish shake he head . parrish you be amazing . why , oh why , allison , be you do all this ? but before she can answer , a workman be tug at allison 's sleeve , she turn away from parrish to give he instruction out of parrish 's earshot , and then turn back , they step away now , daughter and father , alone . allison I do it because I love you . because everybody I love you . mommy -- wher - ever she be -- Susan , quince , the people who work for you , everybody who 's ever know you . parrish yeah ? and what about my enemy ? allison they respect you . be not that a kind of love ? unexpectedly , allison brushes a lock away from parrish 's forehead , with a flick she have rearrange he hair , he blink , a little embarrassed , but have like it . allison ( cont would ) above all , you have be a wonderful father . parrish I have not be the father to you that -- allison that you have be to Susan ? parrish I be not go to say -- allison but that 's what you be think . and that 's okay . because I know you love I . not like it be with Susan , the way you eye light up when she come in the room and the way she always get a laugh out of you , as oppose to I when I walk in a room and that look come over you face , " what do she want now ? " a weather - beat military parade ground pennant pass , 24th infantry regiment " C " ( Charlie ) company . allison ( cont would ) I already feel I have have everything I could have want for my birthday -- parrish hey , there 's lot to come . ( gesture to I activity ) a little excess -- like you love . the preparation be building to a climax , all the elaborate plan come to fruition . parrish you know , darling , this be go to be a wonderful party . allison ( gently ) yes , it be . allison wade into the maelstrom now , parrish watch she go , swarm of purveyor and caterer follow she . ext . wine bar , lawns , country estate - afternoon ambrose , the head caterer , be make a last minute check of the bar 's stock , quince amble up , in the background the activity have build to a pitch , waiter adjust they uni - form , purveyor ' truck pull out in a cloud of dust . quince give I a seagram and ' 7 ' . ambrose look at he blankly . quicnce ( cont would ) no get ? okay a double v.o. , water back . ambrose I be afraid this be a wine bar , Mr. quince . quince okay , give I a bottle of wine . ambrose Red or white ? quince both . Joe appear , look bewilder , jostle by caterer set up last - minute table , a drummer from the band roll he trap past on a little cart . Joe do not seem to know where he be , when he eye alight on quince , he head for this oasis . ambrose set down two bottle of wine and depart . quince ( cont would ) ( to Joe ) Red or white ? joe no , thank you . quince sip the red , now the white , now he pour some of each into one glass . quince c'mon , have a drink . you look like you need one bad as I . joe do I ? I be a little confuse . quince confused , huh ? about what ? joe Love . quince ' Love ' ? oh , man , I have get trouble of my own . joe you love allison , do not you ? quince oh yes , I do . joe how do you meet ? quince I be a world - class loser and she be a happy , little rich girl -- and for some reason she take I in . joe but she love you ? quince smile , nod embarrassedly . joe ( cont would ) how do you know ? quince because there 's nothing we do not know about each other and it 's okay . I mean the deeper , darkest secret -- they do not matter . joe ' the deep , darkest secret --'? quince yeah , it 's like you know every inch of each other 's soul -- and then you be free . joe what do you mean ' free ' ? quince free to love each other . com - pletely . totally . no fear . quince seem uncharacteristically within himself . quince ( cont would ) all that hoopla up there remind I how I will never measure up to a man like Bill parrish - or he daughter . he drain he wine . quince ( cont would ) do you like I , Joe ? joe oh yes , you be one of my favorite . quince what would you say if you know it be I who bring down Bill parrish ? ( a moment ) I tell Drew and the board that Bill depend on you . Drew lead I on , but I have no business tell he in the first place . he be set up Bill from day one . Drew and bontecou be go to chop up the company and sell it off for part . bontecou be outside , Drew be Mr. Inside . and I be the fool who make it all happen . oh God , what do I do ? Joe regards quince . joe go to Bill parrish and tell he everything . he will forgive you . quince drain one more glass of wine . quince you think so ? how do you know ? joe because that 's the kind of man Bill parrish be . a moment . quince well , maybe ... I guess you know he better than anybody . another moment . joe -- get to . the orchestra behind they play a few riff , sound check , get close . quince do you think I should wait to tell he ' till after the party ? joe no. quince nod anxiously , then smile gratefully . they look on as the pre-party activity swirl on around they . ext . front entrance , country estate - sunset ( later ) the moment just before sunset , the last pre-party minute , a procession of guest ' car wind up to the guest house , be direct into adjacent field . Susan cut past a be - ceive line that file up the stair , she skirt the house and head straight for the action , the party on the lawn in the rear , climb a terrace where she command a view of the event on which the curtain be just about to rise . ext . lawn , country estate - sunset guest milling , emerge from the crowd Susan see , isolate by a fountain , Joe . he look up towards she , he know she have see he , they proceed to a rendezvous that have not be prearrange but which they intuit . Susan slant through the guest , stop here and there , excited greeting and cha - tter float on the wind , " he , susie ! " , " what a party " , " you look great " , she keep move , a shimmer wraith . Joe be on the right coordinate to meet she , he graceful , unfail step carry he speedily to a destination he be not certain of , but where he know he will find Susan . ext . garden , country estate - sunset the very last ray of the sun set over the wide expanse of river , the light catch Susan and Joe as they enter the garden , the party form behind they , the river flow in front of they . susan I like you in a black tie . joe I love you in a evening gown . susan it beat a surgical , do not it ? he smile . susan ( cont would ) daddy tell I you might be leave ? joe yes . you father and I , we time together have come to a end . susan where be you go ? Joe attempt to answer , but nothing come out . susan ( cont would ) you will not tell I ? joe well -- I -- susan and you can not tell I who you be . again the same indescribable gesture from Joe . susan ( cont would ) I be in love with a man , I do not know who he be , where he 's go or when . joe I can tell you the when part . tonight . susan it get worse . joe no worse than it get for I . I be in love with a woman whom I do not want to leave . susan then do not . a moment . joe we know so little about each other -- susan we know all that we need to know -- joe but there 's so much to tell you -- susan do not . that will come later . joe will it ? susan lightn strike . we catch it in a bottle . do not let it out . I want to be with you , Joe -- another moment . joe what will we do ? susan ' Love will find out the way ' . joe ' Love will find out the way ' ? susan it 's a say . joe I believe that , do not you ? susan yes , that 's why I say it . they be on the brink of some decision , Joe be about to make some declaration when allison be hear -- allison ( o.s. ) there you be ! allison appear . allison ( cont would ) what 's go on here ? tete - a- tete on my big night ? ( to Susan ) C 'mon honey , you be need . ( to Joe ) can it wait ? but before he can answer -- allison ( cont would ) glad to hear it ! ( to Susan ) let 's go . she take Susan 's arm and march she off , Joe , in thrall , watch they go as the music erupt behind they , as 'up ' dance tune , a lilt , catchy melody envelop they all . the curtain have rise on William parrish 's 65th birthday party . int . parrish study , country estate - night quince be " on the carpet " , sweat through a confession , parrish morose but philosophical at he desk . quince ... what can I say after I say that I be sorry ? I zipped when I should have zag , I open my big mouth one too many time , everything get all twisted -- parrish it 's okay , quince . I understand . you have always mean well and I appreciate that . sometimes thing just turn out -- wrong . a knock on the door , it open , Joe appear . joe Excuse I -- he start to step out . quince come in , Joe -- I want to thank you -- okay , Bill ? parrish sure . as Joe enter , quince flash a warm smile at he . quince ( to parrish ) Joe know the whole story . I tell he . it be he idea that I come clean . I mean I want to come clean but he give I a pair of ball , you know what I mean ? parrish yes , I believe I do . quince now drift off . quiche yeah , well -- I can tell you guy get business -- parrish no , I be out of business , right , quince ? however I do have some unfinish business -- with Drew . get he out here . get he on the chopper and get he out here to - night . I want to tell this guy how I feel about he face - to-face . quince oh , that could be a tall order , b.p . I doubt that Drew 's anxious to see you face - to-face . Joe step in . joe ( to quince ) tell Drew that Bill acknowledge that this be a contest and he 's lose . the race be to the swift , but could Drew summon a modicum of understanding and allow Bill to save face . tell he Bill want it understand in the business community he have merely move upstairs in he own company , and the executive continuity be unbroken . tonight 's the night to do it . he will introduce Drew to he press friend as well as some of he close acquaintance from Washington and Drew can tell they that everything 's sailing along just fine . parrish be impressed by Joe 's acumen , a look of grudge admiration . he nod to Joe , summarize : parrish ( to quince ) all in all , what Bill want to do be build the golden bridge to Drew with no hard feeling . quince you think Drew will go for it ? parrish quince , I have get confidence in you . quince Sir , I will deliver the package . he head out , parrish and Joe fall silent . parrish thanks . joe not at all . a moment . joe ( cont would ) how be you do ? parrish what the hell do you care ? joe I be just ask , Bill . parrish you ' want to know ' , I will tell you . you be look at a man who tonight be not about to walk through the Valley of the shadow of death , he 's gallop into it . and the same time , the business he build with he own hand and he own head be be commandeer by a couple of cheap pirate . and , oh yes , I almost forget , my daughter 's fall in love with death . another moment . joe -- and I be in love with you daughter . parrish say again ? joe I be in love with you daughter , and I be take she with I tonight . parrish be stunne . parrish you be what ? joe I think you hear I , Bill . parrish you be not take Susan anywhere . and what the hell do that mean anyway ? Joe do not answer for a moment . parrish ( cont would ) I think we have a deal . joe I be sorry , Bill -- parrish Susan be my daughter , she have a wonderful life ahead of she and you be go to deprive she of it and you be tell I you be sorry ? well , I be sorry , apology not accept . joe I love she , Bill . she be all that I ever want , and I have never want for anything because I have never want anything before , if you can understand . parrish how perfect for you -- to take whatever you want because it please you . it 's not love -- joe then what be it ? parrish some aimless infatuation in which , for the moment , you feel like in - dulging . it 's miss everything that matter . joe which be what ? parrish trust , responsibility , take the weight , for you choice and feel - ing and spend the rest of you life live up to they . and above all , not hurt the object of you love . joe so that 's what love be ? parrish multiply it by infinity and take it to the death of forever and you will still have barely a glimpse of what I be talk about . joe that be my word , Bill . parrish well , they be mine now . Joe be silent for a moment , cogitate . joe Susan want to come . she say she 's in love with I . parrish with you ?! who be ' you ' ? do you tell she who you be ? joe no. parrish do she know where she 's go ? Joe do not answer . parrish ( cont would ) Susan go , in whatever way she do , for that poor sonofabitch whose body you take , and everything else since have be aftermath . you say you love she but you do not know what love be . she ' love ' you but she do not know who you be . you make a deal , you be break it -- the bottom line be , Joe , you be conduct a great romance under false pretense . joe I do not like what you be say . parrish I do not expect you to . joe be you threaten I ? parrish I certainly hope so -- I love Susan from the moment she be bear , and I love she now , and every minute in between , and what I dream of be a man who will discover she and she will discover a man who will love she , who be worthy of she , who be of this world , of this time and have the grace and compassion and fortitude to walk beside she as she make she way through this beautiful thing call life . parrish be beginning to reach Joe . joe be you tell I I can not be part of it ? a pause , parrish 's posture change . parrish why do you come in here and tell I , Joe ? you be the biggest shot of all , you do not have to ask my permission , but that 's what you be do . you know why ? because you have somewhere , somehow , develop into a good guy , and you know this be all wrong ... I do not know what you be go to do -- how can this be love ? she do not know who you be . why do not you tell she ? try it out on she ? see what happen . reveal everything there be to know about yourself and let the chip fall where they may . Joe have receive what parrish have say . parrish ( cont would ) okay ? -- I have give it my best shot . I wish I could tell you to sleep on it but ... parrish let he word drift into silence , he shrug , Joe regards he . ext . lawns , country estate - night Joe make he way down the path from parrish 's study , a weight on he shoulder , he step measure , within himself until he be hit by the light and laughter and music of the party . he drift into the center and run right into Susan , couple swirl about they , the eye of a storm of gaiety . susan hello , Joe . what would you know ? she smile . susan ( cont would ) there 's something so indescribably sexy about you in a crowd . I could make love to you right here . he hesitates , reach out to take she hand , study it . susan ( cont would ) if you be go to tell my future , you be on the wrong side . a moment . joe there be something I do want to tell you -- he stammer into silence . susan but you can not . Joe be about to respond but do not . susan ( cont would ) just then -- when you hesitate -- the way you shift from foot - to - foot , I have always find endear but just now -- I get a chill . but he drift again , now she take he hand . susan ( cont would ) remember that morning in the coffee shop ? you say ' what 's wrong with take care of a woman , she take care of you -- " joe do I say that ? susan and I say you would have a hard time find a woman like that . Joe shift , she smile at he embarrasement . susan ( cont would ) well , you have find one , Joe . joe the ' coffee shop ' -- susan -- that be the place ... and you be the guy . Joe seem resign now , the air go out of he . susan ( cont would ) and you say you do not want I to be you doctor because you do not want I to examine you --? ( a moment ) well , I get to examine you after all -- Joe blink , at a loss . susan ( cont would ) I could come with you -- joe I - uh -- susan you want I to wait for you , you will be back -- Joe do not answer , Susan be suddenly anxious . susan ( cont would ) why do I want this night to last forever ? joe do not you know , that 's what I want more than anything . he touch she face . susan you say before you could not tell I who or where , only the ' when ' -- be when now ? a moment . joe May I kiss you ? she wait . he kiss she , they fall into a deep embrace . susan that feel like a goodbye . Joe 's silence be heavy . susan ( cont would ) what 's go on , Joe ? I feel like we be lift off -- joe I be still here . susan but you be not . you be somewhere else . ( a moment ) you be someone else -- Joe be struggle with a response , finally , inevitably , he drift into a long silence . Susan be beside herself , she emotion toss in every direction , Joe steady she . susan tell I you love I -- tell I you love I now -- joe I love you now , I will love you always -- susan hold I -- he hold on tight to she . they be desperately entwine until finally she release he . joe Susan -- susan -- yes ? joe thank you for loving I . she smile wanly , Joe leave she . int . parrish study , country estate - night parrish be seat by the window , light from the party flash past , the music and laughter audible but mute , the fever of the celebration lose on he , within himself . Joe enter , parrish look up . joe ... we should think about get start , Bill . parrish wait . joe ( cont would ) it will just be we . the tension in parrish 's body release , he take a breath . parrish thank you . Joe nod a acknowledgement , but he face reflect he pain . parrish regards he sympathetically . the silence be break by a knock on the door . parrish , out of politeness to Joe , do not respond . quince ( o.s. ) Bill --? after a moment . parrish come in . quince appear , flushed with excitement . quince -- I get he . the chopper 's two minute away . parrish weigh the information for a moment . parrish ( to Joe ) how be we on time ? Joe shrug , nod gently . joe okay . parrish ( to quince ) get he in here . quince exit , parrish press the button for the speaker - phone . parrish ( cont would ) ... May ? -- I know you be busy , but I want you to put in a call to Eddie sloane for I -- may ( o.s. ) at home , sir --? parrish no , he 's at the office . ext . lawns , country estate - night a area on the fringe of the party , the helicopter blade stop spin . quince hurry to the aircraft door , open it and Drew step out . quince lead the way through the light and music . Drew , fashion a imperial entrance for himself , hail partygoer as he pass , quince enjoy the irony . drew this be damn big of Bill , I also think it 's smart . quince he have no choice . you be a formidable adversary . drew he say that ? quince well , you have get he by the short - hair . drew yeah , the short , gray hair . he flash a pleased - as-punch greeting to some unseen acquaintance as they press on to parrish 's study . int . parrish study , country estate - night parrish be at he desk , Joe in a distant corner of the room . sloane ( o.s. ) ( speakerphone ) we be all here , Bill -- parrish I appreciate this , Eddie , member of the board , this will just take a minute of you time . as the custo - dian of the company , you may be - ceive information from what follow that be valuable to you -- ( a moment ) -- or not . either way , thanks . sloane ( o.s. ) ( speakerphone ) we be all ear . Drew enter with quince , quince nod , excuse himself , and close the door behind he . drew hi , Bill , happy birthday -- a moment . drew ( cont would ) I just want to say how appre - ciative I be of this - uh - grand gesture and -- parrish shut up and sit down . Drew take a seat . parrish ( cont would ) you be a worthless sack of shit , you fuck I over , play footsie with John bontecou , sell my company out to line you own pocket . drew I do not know where you get that idea -- the board agree -- parrish the board do not know you be a mole who burrow inside so you could bury we all . drew be this Mr. Black 's fantasy ? another one of he whopper ? be not you sick of this asshole lurking around ? no one know who he be , but one thing everyone do know , he somehow get you ear and have be pour poison into it ever since . Joe can no longer control himself . joe you be the poison , Drew . you have operate behind - the-scene to suborn the trust of a man who have stamp you with he imprimatur of class and elegance and stature . I have see all kind and degree of deception in my time , but Bill parrish have be on the receive end of machination so machiavellian that it have rarely be my experience to encounter . and yet he have combatted they stoically , and selflessly , without revealing my identity . have he violate the vow of secrecy he take , he task would have be far easier , he could have turn defeat into victory , but he be too honorable a man to have do that . and now I must release he from that vow . because of I , he have lose he work , he company , he reputation -- and now he 's go to tell you who I be . parrish be strike dumb . he look at Joe pleadingly , shaking he head imperceptibly , but Joe nod to he blithely -- and then commandingly . drew ( to parrish ) so tell I , tell I , I be pee in my pants . joe -- and now you be go to pee some more . parrish Joe , do not do this -- joe it 's time to put this person where he belong . parrish it 's not necessary , Joe . Drew 's go to step aside -- drew I be not step anywhere -- joe I appreciate you gentlemanliness , Bill , but what we need to do here be drive the dagger home -- drew the dagger --? parrish I tell you to shut up . joe ( to Drew ) prepare yourself , Drew - I be -- parrish he be -- joe I will take it from here -- ( to Drew ) I be -- parrish -- a IRS man . Drew be stunne , Joe glance at parrish , hesitates . parrish ( cont would ) yes , he be . he 's a -- IRS man . be not you , Joe ? Joe be at a loss , parrish 's eye be glue to he , Joe get the hint . joe yes , I am. ( to Drew ) IRS man . Drew 's head swivel from Joe to parrish and back again . parrish the treasury Department ask my cooperation in he undercover investigation of John bontecou . they be convinced that bontecou , on past deal , have structure he merger and acquisition in sus - picious and complicated way so as to evade pay the tax he be liable for . the IRS want to go after he , and this deal offer they the opportunity . ( a moment ) I agree to cooperate . joe ( to parrish ) and we be very grateful . parrish moreover , agent Joe Black here -- of course that 's not he real name -- smell out you involvement , Drew . he develop evidence you be work both side of the fence . unfortunately , that 's know as a conflict of interest -- joe undisclose conflict of interest -- parrish a offense -- joe a indictable offense . silence . drew I think I would like to talk to my lawyer -- parrish no lawyer , Drew . we be go to offer you a deal . Drew be all attention . parrish ( cont would ) confess to the board every detail of you participation and then submit you resignation . drew and what do I get ? parrish you get not to go to jail . drew you be talk through you hat . you be offer a deal because you have get no proof . parrish proof ? we have get plenty of proof . joe ( to Drew ) and he 's talk through he lip . Joe step forward . joe ( cont would ) make no mistake , Drew , if you choose to test my resolve in this matter , you will be look at a outcome that will have a finality that be beyond you comprehension , and you will not be count the day or the month or the year , but millennium in the house with no door . Drew slump . drew all right , you win . as soon as I get back to the city , I will meet with the board . sloane 's voice erupt over the speakerphone . sloane ( o.s. ) you be meeting with the board right now , Drew . resignation accept . moreover , I propose a motion to be - confirm William parrish as Chairman of the board of parrish communica - tion as well as a rejection of the merger with bontecou International . how say you , board ? a chorus of thunderous " yes " es resound through the speakerphone . sloane ( o.s. , cont would ) the motion be pass . parrish well , thank you , that 's great , but it 's more than I bargain for . I just want to set the record straight . sloane ( o.s. ) but we want you back , Bill . mean - while , enjoy you party , celebrate , we will attend to the nasty detail . and Mr. Black , may we say thank you . joe my pleasure . this be a IRS agent 's dream . I will be promote to Chief of section off of this . parrish click the speakerphone off . Drew be stare at Joe , shaking he head . drew who would have ever believe it ? you , a IRS agent -- silence . Joe shrug , smile . joe ' death and tax ' . the door fly open , a anxious allison appear . allison daddy ! we have be look all over for you - this be you party - what be you do in here ? never mind . you be on . let 's go . she pull he out of he chair , hustle he out of the room , Joe right behind they . ext . lawns , country estate - night the guest have form themselves into a huge audience , the orchestra strike up " happy birthday " as parrish appear with allison . a enormous cake be unveil with one great , light candle , parrish beam then laugh . he pause over the cake , now blow the candle out . applause , cry of " speech ! speech ! " , parrish try to demur but the request become loud and rhythmic , he hold up he hand , nod , quiet the crowd . Joe observe from the fringe . parrish ( to the guest ) I think I be go to sneak away tonight ... yell of " no ! " " never ! " parrish ( cont would ) ... what a glorious night , every face I see be a memory . it may not be a perfectly perfect memory -- sometimes we have we up and downs -- but we be all together , and you be mine for a night . ( a moment ) -- and I be go to break precedent , and tell you my one - candle wish -- that you would have a life as lucky as mine , where you can wake up one morning and say " I do not want anything more . " ( another moment ) sixty - five year - do not they go by in a blink ? parrish hesitates , wave and step away , applause that grow into cheer , the music resume , another dance tune . quince grab he , pump he hand and clap he on the back . now parrish spot allison , he wrap she in a tight embrace , they hold each other close for a moment , but then be separate by a surge of guest . parrish see Susan , she smile but there be a tinge of sadness about she . he head towards she , they be somehow situate as if they be alone in this crowd . susan what a night . parrish I be have a helluva time . a moment . susan you be right about Joe , he be go somewhere -- parrish ( gently ) I be sorry . Susan be examine parrish very closely . susan be you relieved ? parrish yes , but -- parrish hesitates . susan but what ? parrish I want you to know how much I love you . that you have give a meaning to my life that I have no right to expect , and that no one can ever take from I . susan daddy -- parrish no -- I love you so much and I want you to promise I something . I do not want you to ever worry about I . if anything should happen , I be go to be fine and everything 's go to be all right . ( a moment ) -- and I have no regret . Susan be in pain now , she can not summon a answer . parrish ( cont would ) and I want you to feel that way , too . susan I love you , daddy -- parrish that 's why it 's okay . they drift into silence . parrish ( cont would ) no regret ? after a moment . susan ' no regret ' . a long silence , Susan smile . parrish it 's a good feel , be not it ? silence again . susan everybody 's say goodbye ... they regard each other , a long pause , they have reach a understanding . parrish I be still here . ( a moment ) would you like to dance with I , Susan ? susan oh , yes -- he start to lead she to the floor , immediately stop . parrish if you do not mind dance with a old fogey like I . susan oh , dad , you be not old . you will never be old . he take she in he arm and they dance away . another angle on a distant fringe of the party , a grass terrace that still command a view of the dance floor , be Joe . his eye be on parrish and Susan , he watch they admiringly yet ruefully . a waiter pass , catch sight of Joe , stop . waiter can I get you anything , sir ? Joe regards the waiter for a moment . joe do you have any peanut butter ? the waiter hesitates . waiter I do not think so , sir . joe thank you , anyway . the waiter move off . Joe 's attention return to parrish and Susan , the dance number end , a boom . another angle on the dance floor . parrish what be that ? susan the firework be about to start . parrish look up , see Joe up on the terrace , wait . susan ( cont would ) ( to parrish ) shall we ? parrish you go ahead , honey , I be go to catch my breath . suddenly he hug she , hold she very close . she look at he , he smile , nod , but do not release she until she smile back . now she head out with the crowd for the firework . when parrish sense she be on she way , he turn and head up towards Joe . Joe rise to meet parrish as he approach . joe happy birthday , Bill . parrish thank you . they watch the guest gather to view the firework . Joe 's gaze linger . parrish ( cont would ) do you say goodbye ? joe not exactly . parrish I guess you have you reason . joe yes . silence . parrish now that we have a moment , would you mind if I express my gratitude for what you do for Susan ? Joe wait . parrish ( cont would ) I never hear she speak of any man as she speak of you -- it be always what I want for she -- but what happen to she now ? joe I would not worry about it , Bill . this thing have a way of work out . Joe regards parrish , wait until he have a sense that parrish have accept what Joe have say , then Joe continue : joe ( cont would ) and would you mind if I express my gratitude ...? parrish wait . joe ( cont would ) for you . for the time you have give I . for the person you be . a moment . parrish do not blow smoke up my ass , you will ruin my autopsy . Joe barely manage a smile , now look back longingly at the crowd below , search . parrish ( cont would ) it 's hard to let go , be not it ? joe yes . parrish that 's life . what can I tell you ? a silence , a understanding there be another more to say . Joe look inquiringly at parrish as if to say " shall we ? " , parrish nod and Joe turn with he . they set off now away from the party , up a meadow that lead to a hill overlook the river . another angle down below , the party guest ' face be light by the initial firework display . among they be Susan , but she interest be not there . not something pull she attention , a over - power feel that compel she to turn and see , at a distance , parrish and Joe walk away up the meadow . some - thing about the sight sadden and at the same time frighten she , she turn back to the party , daze , trace on the firework . another angle up the hill parrish 's step slow , Joe slow with he . parrish I be get a little dizzy , I can feel my heart pump -- but parrish do not wait for a response , just continue on up the meadow , towards the rise of the hill , Joe in step with he . parrish ( cont would ) should I be afraid ? Joe stop , parrish stop with he . joe not a man like you . parrish smile faintly , take a deep breath , he stride out again , Joe right with he . in tandem they continue on and disappear over the crest of the hill . a barrage of firework light up the sky . another angle down below , Susan , in a pain reflex , again turn and look up towards the hill . there be nobody there . she hesitates , now glide away from the party , she step quicken as she walk up towards the hill . Susan halt , in the distance a figure be approach from over the crest of the hill where Joe and parrish disappear . he be head straight for she , she try to make he out , seem to recognize he , start to walk towards he as if pull by a magnet . now she stop again . it be a man , he keep come , and now that he be close and recognize he . susan Joe ...? he smile quizzically , have not quite hear she , stand right in front of she , loose , smile , disorient and yet so appeal . they be rivete on each other , uneasy and yet close . susan ( cont would ) you be here ... he be try to get he bearing . joe -- you bet . something about he make Susan slightly tentative . susan where do you go ? Joe shrug , scratch he head endearingly , uncertain of time and place . joe I do not know -- y'know , I do not know -- it 's all blurred up and hazy . and would y'know what I mean if I say I do not think it 's worth figure out ? some realization be dawn on Susan , it render she lighthead . joe ( cont would ) ... but now I be back . Susan regards Joe intently , search he face for a answer . susan ( gently ) that 's it ? joe well , I do not know what else to say . it 's a helluva party -- susan you think so ? joe yeah ... and you be the prettier thing here . Susan blink , a long silence , she touch the sleeve of he jacket , now she hand trace the outline of he face , she regards he intently and the dilemma she have be struggle with the last moment fade away . Susan slowly realize this be the Young man . she be shake , a sudden intake of breath . young man hey , you all right ? his hand politely touch she elbow , courteously lend she support . susan the coffee shop -- the Young man nod , pleased with she recognition . young man I ask you if I say something wrong and you say it be so right it scared you . Susan hold herself very still . young man ( cont would ) and forgive I for say this -- but then you say -- and it 's be with I ever since -- susan what have --? he hesitates . young man you say you like I . susan no -- young man y'did not ? a moment . susan I say I like you so much . she fall silent now , overcome by the last moment ' revelation . the Young man sense she discomfort which be on the edge of pain . young man hey , everything 's go great -- do not y'think ? she do not answer for a moment . young man ( cont would ) do not you feel that way ? susan ... we know so little about each other . young man but we have get time . she search the Young man 's eye , he face be open , completely vulnerable , wait for she response . a long silence , the word come out haltingly : susan I wish you could have know my father ... another moment . young man I , too . Susan sign , the Young man smile gently , they be completely intent on each other . susan ... what do we do now ? a long silence . young man it will come to we . Susan smile , the firework finale go off , the music come up from below , the night fill with light . the Young man search Susan 's face , now take she hand -- and together they start back towards the party . the end